 the scarlet king sacred water book 3 charles kaluza copyright 2014 charles kaluza smashwords edition , license notes : this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 prologue the scarlet king is the final book in the sacred water trilogy . 
 in the first book the world of daniel and heather is introduced as well as the importance of the sacred water , which contains iodine which prevents the development of deformed babies . 
 these iodine deficient babies are referred to medically as cretins , but in the world of daniel and heather they were called half brains . 
 their status was as sub-humans and slaves . 
 one of these half brains is betty , who is blessed with a way of knowing things and becomes instrumental in protecting the sacred water . 
 others had learned of the power of the sacred water and tried to capture the source , which was located in the forest -- which is as much a living thing as it is a place in the mountains . 
 it is the efforts of daniel and heather with those of the forest who defeat those who would have captured the spring of their sacred water . 
 not only those of the forest but also those of the northern and southern kingdoms were dependent upon this single source of iodine . 
 as was seen in the second book , `` the time before , '' another ancient people -- those of the red , whose existence had been forgotten through time -- also sought the health of the sacred water but who chose force as their method . 
 now , in the third book , we find that the ancient enemy of those of the red also seeks the power of the iodine . 
 they are of the east and much feared for good reasons . 
 this series developed from my own interest in diseases of the thyroid , which was a major portion of my medical practice . 
 the early descriptions of the africans brought to this country as slaves contain drawings of their coarse facial features and descriptions of their slow mental status . 
 it turns out that the majority of those captured into slavery were from the iodine deficient areas of africa . 
 many of our prejudices , like those explored in this trilogy , were based on medical issues which could have been easily solved had the knowledge been available . 
 this book is written for young readers of all ages who are interested in science and medicine . 
 the scarlet king chapter 1 heather was awakened by a pressure sensation that began in her lower abdomen and radiated towards her back . 
 her pregnant belly ball became progressively harder as the contraction built . 
 she awoke not daniel . 
 the pressure would begin almost imperceptibly and then build to a point of pain before subsiding . 
 she timed the regularity and was sure that her labor had begun . 
 the misery and melancholy of the ice field were forgotten as she experienced the sensations of her womanhood . 
 she gently rubbed her very pregnant abdomen and talked softly to the baby within her . 
 a fleeting memory of her injury , incurred when her horse fell after giving its life to protect her , entered her consciousness , but she remembered daniel saying that there was no evidence of harm to their baby . 
 her contractions were becoming stronger and more frequent . 
 she was about to awaken daniel when betty pulled back the curtain and said , `` it is time . '' 
 daniel began to stir and heather helped him awaken by poking him with her elbow . 
 `` you should summon the midwife , '' she said , `` for our baby wishes to be born . '' 
 daniel did not respond and heather poked him harder , which produced some groaning from daniel . 
 heather 's patience was wearing thin and she said , with an edge to her voice , `` why is it when one from our village knocks on our door for your help , you are instantly awake , but for me you sleep ? '' 
 now daniel was awake but insisted on feeling the contractions himself . 
 heather just bit her lip and spoke not despite her irritation with the delay . 
 daniel may be husband and father to be , but as always he was a healer . 
 his exam seemed to take forever . 
 `` i said it was time to summon the midwife , do you hear me not ? '' 
 daniel looked at his bride with a surprised look on his face but did as he was told . 
 he dressed quickly and went across the village to seek the midwife . 
 the lamp was already lit in her cottage and she appeared ready when daniel arrived . 
 he said , `` the contractions of labor have begun . '' 
 the midwife was much older than daniel and they worked together often . 
 she simply nodded her head before saying , `` it will be some time yet but let us go prepare . '' 
 heather had begun to perspire and was definitely working harder with each contraction . 
 the midwife carefully felt her abdomen and but nodded her head . 
 she reached around and began gently massaging heather 's lower back while chanting , `` it is not yet time , be patient and breathe . '' 
 the massage and the quiet chanting relaxed heather and the pressure seemed less . 
 daniel was frittering about the room , anxious about everything . 
 betty finally spoke up . 
 `` you go outside . 
 you make princess nervous . '' 
 betty spoke with authority despite her small stature , for she had looked after heather since before they left the palace of the northern kingdom . 
 the spirits of the forest gave her a way of knowing that daniel understood not . 
 daniel looked at heather , who nodded her head and murmured , `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 daniel left the bedroom and closed the curtain . 
 he began pacing around the small house , but then betty poked her head out from behind the curtain and stared at him . 
 he stopped pacing , but betty just pointed to the door . 
 he did as he was told and went outside into the cool autumn morning . 
 the sky was just beginning to develop a light pink color to the east . 
 it was easier to breathe outside and he continued to stretch his legs and worry . 
 he visualized all that could go wrong and was talking to himself . 
 he heard not jeremy arrive and jumped when jeremy said , `` who are you talking to ? '' 
 `` i was just arguing with myself about all the things that could go wrong and how i should respond , '' said daniel . 
 `` what are you doing up so early ? '' 
 `` edna woke me up and said you needed some company . '' 
 he asked daniel , `` how did she know ? '' 
 daniel said , `` i suppose she heard betty , who knew heather was in labor before i did . '' 
 their conversation was interrupted by an involuntary groan from heather . 
 the sound bothered jeremy greatly and he asked if everything was all right . 
 daniel chewed his lip before saying , `` i think it is a normal sound for labor , but i worry greatly . 
 she is not yet ready and there will be much work yet . '' 
 jeremy was quiet for a while before saying , `` it is probably a good thing we men do n't have to go through this . 
 i 'm not sure we would handle it very well . '' 
 daniel responded not but continued his pacing and worrying . 
 the intermittent groaning began to change and daniel said , `` she is in transition , i think . 
 it will not be long now . '' 
 jeremy wanted to ask what would happen next but was afraid to hear the answer . 
 he tried to divert daniel 's attention by talking about the upcoming journey he and edna were going on . 
 jason had invited them to join him on his diplomatic mission to the kingdom of the red and they had agreed to go . 
 daniel listened but said little other than asking when they would leave . 
 `` we leave on the new moon which is in five days . 
 this will give us a few extra days in the southern kingdom to sample their taverns . 
 edna is worried about traveling aboard ship but she will do fine as long as we do n't have any major storms . '' 
 daniel really did not hear what his friend was saying ; he was listening to the panting and groaning coming from his small house . 
 his bride was definitely in the transition phase . 
 he wrestled with the mental image of the baby descending through the birth canal . 
 he was pretty sure the baby was pointed the right way , but what if it was breech ? 
 what if heather began to hemorrhage ? 
 maybe the cord was wrapped around the baby 's neck . 
 the thoughts just kept coming . 
 daniel moved closer to the door of their house , listening intently to the sounds from within . 
 jeremy stayed at his side and continued with his banter , but daniel heard him not . 
 the birth was getting close and the panting and groaning more intense , with much less time between contractions . 
 now daniel could hear the midwife telling heather to push and he felt himself straining , trying to help her . 
 this phase seemed to go on and on . 
 daniel realized he was having trouble breathing and had to force himself to relax and breathe normally . 
 the tension had built to the point that daniel was ready to go back into the house , when silence suddenly ensued . 
 this was quickly replaced with a small feeble cry of a newborn baby , which grew quickly into the full-throated cry of a healthy newborn . 
 daniel 's expression changed dramatically from intense worry to unbridled joy . 
 he opened the door and rushed into the bedroom . 
 the midwife had just finished cleaning the baby and was handing it to heather . 
 daniel just stood there looking . 
 heather held the infant to her bosom but it was not yet done crying . 
 she looked up at daniel and said , `` come see our new son . '' 
 daniel moved closer but seemed almost afraid to touch the small pink baby that his bride held . 
 heather asked , `` would you hold your son ? '' 
 daniel reached out and somewhat stiffly took the small infant in his hands . 
 it was so small . 
 it mattered not that he had cared for many newborns . 
 this was different ; it was his son . 
 he held the baby closer and began rocking on his feet trying to soothe it . 
 the midwife was massaging heather 's belly trying to stimulate contractions , which finally caused her to pass the afterbirth . 
 daniel noticed not , for he was holding his son . 
 he placed his little finger in the baby 's mouth and the baby began to suckle . 
 he handed the baby back saying , `` i think he is hungry . '' 
 he added , `` he has blue eyes just like you . '' 
 heather again placed the baby against her breast and this time he latched onto the nipple and began to suckle . 
 the midwife was giving them instructions but they really did not hear her , for their attention was so focused on the baby . 
 the midwife turned towards betty and said , `` i will trust you to watch over these new parents . 
 if you need me i will hear you . '' 
 the next few days were just a blur as the demands of a new baby seemed to consume both daniel and heather . 
 betty had already pretty much assumed management of the household , but she also had to take care of her own baby . 
 for the most part those of the village bothered daniel not for their healing , but when he was called , out he went . 
 time away from the confusion of his own household seemed almost relaxing . 
 the time had come for the departure of edna and jeremy , and of course there was a celebration at the village of issip 's tavern . 
 heather decided it was an appropriate time to show those of issip their new baby and announce its name . 
 preparation for the simple walk to the tavern seemed to take forever , but they arrived only a little late for the party . 
 the tavern was packed but jeremy had saved them room at his table . 
 the baby noticed not the noise and commotion and slept . 
 he was the center of attention until after the eating was done and the stories began . 
 it seemed everyone needed to peek under the blanket and have a look at the baby . 
 edna asked , `` have you named your son ? '' 
 heather nodded but let daniel respond . 
 he explained , `` we have decided to name him after my grandfather , geoffrey of issip . '' 
 a round of applause was given to the baby , which caused it to awaken and begin crying . 
 this in turn brought on more laughter and noise , which startled the baby geoffrey even more . 
 heather finally soothed it only by putting the baby to her breast and allowing him to nurse . 
 jeremy was asked why they were going on this journey . 
 `` well , you see , it is really my wife 's fault , '' he said . 
 `` if she had not arranged for the capture of the envoy from the red in his house on wheels , there would be no journey . '' 
 he sipped his brew and continued . 
 `` turns out this envoy is the chief military guy for those of the red , and when he saw that their invasion was failing he decided to negotiate a peace settlement . 
 the southern lands have a king named jason , who decided he would be the envoy for all of our peoples to negotiate the final peace and trade agreements with those of the red . '' 
 again he stopped for a sip of his beer before continuing . 
 `` apparently these peace agreements require a signature from an official representative from each of our lands . 
 edna and i will be representing the people of the forest . '' 
 after another sip of his beer he added , `` which means you all should be nice to me and buy me another beer . '' 
 this was followed by a general groan and catcalls , but the beer did mysteriously appear before jeremy . 
 the stories were beginning in earnest and jeremy as always was the center of attention . 
 the evening wore on much too quickly and soon the hour was late . 
 heather whispered to daniel that it was time to go . 
 they tried to discreetly depart but jeremy would not allow it , saying , `` a toast to my friends and their new baby for all they have done for those of the forest ! '' 
 the loud cheering was enough to again awaken baby geoffrey , who responded with a loud cry of his own -- which again brought laughter and cheers from the crowd . 
 as heather tried to soothe the baby , daniel raised his glass in a toast : `` and to jeremy and his bride edna who have done so much for all of us , may they have a most interesting voyage and return safely to us . '' 
 another cheer was raised as glasses were drained . 
 daniel and heather walked back to their cottage in the cool autumn night . 
 they said little but both knew they would miss their friends greatly . 
 heather needed to wipe the tears from her eyes . 
 the remaining night was short and baby geoffrey made sure that daniel and heather were awake before dawn . 
 they had just settled the baby back down after feeding it when jeremy and edna showed up for the breaking of the fast , dressed for travel . 
 edna seemed a bit tired and anxious but jeremy was in high spirits and seemed not to notice the effect of so little sleep . 
 they shared a simple meal of fresh bread and dried meats with fruit from the orchard . 
 daniel tried to get jeremy to take one of his notepads to draw pictures of any unusual animals they saw , but jeremy refused . 
 `` i will let jason be the recorder . 
 it is best if i just pay attention to what is going on . '' 
 the goodbyes were emotional and all had tears in their eyes and then they were gone . 
 daniel and heather stood in the doorway and looked after them long after they were out of view . 
 heather asked , `` would you have gone on the journey ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` they will see much and of this i am jealous . 
 i would choose to be here with you and our baby . '' 
 heather held his hand and said not , but her mind raced with the dangers that their friends faced . 
 she feared most the response of the scarlet king , for the envoy himself seemed to have fear of the scarlet king . 
 her thoughts were interrupted by geoffrey again demanding attention at one end or the other , usually both . 
 she left daniel and his thoughts to attend the baby . 
 for several weeks heather and daniel were immersed in the joys and frustrations of living with a newborn . 
 baby geoffrey made sure that their lives were full of challenges , leaving little time for worrying about other things . 
 about the time the baby began to sleep through the night , daniel resumed his healing and was often gone . 
 if it were not for betty 's help , heather was not sure she would have been capable of managing . 
 some of the simplest things like planning meals were very hard for her . 
 heather was both a mother and a wife despite her warrior nature . 
 the simple life of issip agreed with her and she missed not the intrigue of palace life nor the tension of war . 
 it often seemed that managing her small household was as much of a challenge as orchestrating a battle , but she had no wish to change . 
 her love of daniel and their baby was great . 
 the calmness of the forest had brought peace to her life . 
 chapter 2 jason awoke early , before the rising of the sun , for today he hoped to see the island where the bird which flew not lived . 
 they had journeyed for four weeks now and had kept mostly at sea , sighting only occasional seabirds . 
 now they were to see a land filled with strange critters and plants . 
 they traveled very comfortably in the ship called red dragon , which had been outfitted with great care to provide for comfort . 
 the envoy of the red traveled not without his luxuries . 
 the sailing crew were of those of the red as was the captain , but all security personnel were of the southern kingdom . 
 the negotiations for peace had carefully spelled out the personnel to ensure that those of the red could not seize control . 
 jason was met by jeremy as he proceeded towards the dining facility . 
 mostly they ate food prepared by jason 's chef , but occasionally shared a meal with the envoy . 
 these meals were always prepared by both chefs , and all food tasted for possible poisons before presenting at the table . 
 the breaking of the fast was the quietest meal of the day , but jeremy still had stories to tell . 
 jason tired not of hearing jeremy 's stories . 
 today he relived their first adventure on the island of the flightless bird . 
 by the time they arrived on deck , daylight was developing fully and the eastern sky was painted in oranges and reds . 
 they found larby stomping around the foredeck with his peg leg , looking somewhat unhappy . 
 jason asked , `` what bothers you on such a beautiful morning ? '' 
 `` it is the color of the sky that bothers me such , '' said larby . 
 `` you see beauty but i see a storm coming and the captain sees it not . '' 
 jason asked , `` what would you have us do ? '' 
 larby chewed on his lip before responding . 
 `` i would make a run for the harbor of my people . 
 we may yet be able to beat the storm . '' 
 it was jason 's turn to be quiet . 
 he looked forward to visualizing the island he so wanted to see , but no land was yet visible . 
 he thought again about the stories jeremy had told about the storm they had experienced . 
 if he thought only of himself he would risk the storm to see this magical island , but others were aboard . 
 he turned towards larby and asked , `` the harbor of your people would be secure if the storm does approach ? '' 
 larby but nodded his head and spoke not . 
 they stood in silence while jason considered his options . 
 if he were to believe this young man he really had no options , for the safety of the entire mission may be at stake . 
 with a large audible sigh he turned from looking forward and told larby , `` i so wish to see this island where you were rescued but i would not endanger the mission for my own desires . 
 inform the captain that i would change course to the harbor of your people . '' 
 it was midmorning before the envoy , don the great , appeared on deck . 
 he noted their course and asked , `` why have we changed course ? '' 
 the captain responded in the high tongue of those of the red and pointed towards jason . 
 the envoy nodded a reply and walked forward to where jason was sitting with jeremy and edna . 
 he asked , `` you changed your mind about seeing this island with the flightless bird ? '' 
 jason replied , `` i would see this island , but fear for the mission if the storm does arise . 
 larby is of the sea and knows of the storms in this part of the world . 
 i would trust his knowledge . '' 
 `` as you wish , '' the envoy responded . 
 `` the captain thinks but a little rain is coming and sees not a storm using his weather glass . '' 
 jason asked how the weather glass worked and the envoy just shrugged his shoulders and said , `` something in the air causes the fluid in the tube to rise or fall depending on the weather . 
 our sailing people seem to trust it . '' 
 darkness was approaching and a line of clouds was visible on the horizon . 
 they would arrive at the harbor of larby 's people about dawn . 
 at sundown the weather glass was again checked . 
 the captain was obviously surprised , for the fluid was now much lower . 
 he told jason , `` it appears that your fisherman may have been correct after all . 
 hopefully we will reach the harbor before the storm arrives . '' 
 the sky was full of reds and purples after the sun dropped below the horizon , but off to the south was only darkness . 
 the evening meal was a feast to jeremy and edna , but to those of the palaces -- the envoys from the two kingdoms and the military leader of those of the red -- it was a very simple meal suitable for travel . 
 the food and wine were plentiful and the stories well received , but by the end of the evening the approaching storm was making its presence known . 
 those who had imbibed too heavily now paid a price as they made their way to their sleeping quarters . 
 edna was not happy , having never experienced a storm before , and jeremy tried to reassure her . 
 he requested some ginger tea , which they brought back to their cabin . 
 jeremy was still full of energy , but edna was feeling the effects of the sea and had not yet learned to dance with the ship . 
 the ginger tea helped a little but lying quietly in bed seemed to be the most effective remedy . 
 jeremy used their capes under the sleeping pad to create more of a cocoon , which would keep edna from rolling about as she tried to sleep . 
 then he went topside . 
 standing at the rail , for jeremy the crashing of the waves against the bow was both invigorating and frightening at the same time . 
 the clouds created a greater blackness of the sky and almost all of the stars were now gone . 
 he enjoyed his solitude only a short while before jason joined him . 
 for a long time they just stood and watched . 
 jason finally said , `` i know i should fear the storm but somehow it invigorates my soul . '' 
 jeremy replied , `` captain cook was always saying how we needed to learn to dance with his mistress , the sea . 
 he seemed to enjoy the storms , but most of us of the forest had trouble with the sickness of the sea . '' 
 `` how is your bride handling these unsettled seas ? '' 
 asked jason . 
 `` only fair . 
 the ginger tea seems to help some . '' 
 jason said , `` the captain is unsure we can make the harbor before the worst of the storm , and said we may need to run before the storm . 
 it seems he fears the envoy greatly and wishes not to disturb him . '' 
 jeremy shrugged his shoulders and said , `` it is surprising how much fear that small man instills in others . 
 i 'd best go check on edna . '' 
 jason stood his watch in the darkness by himself , watching the glow of the sea in the turbulence of the waves . 
 the freshness of the air seemed to bring the skin alive and made his nose tingle ever so slightly when he breathed in . 
 he had never felt so alive while in the palace . 
 the rain began ever so gently but with the wind was enough to sting his face . 
 he maintained his watch at the rail until the chill of the air drove him below . 
 he returned to his cabin and tried to sleep , but the pitching and rolling of the ship were now enough to keep sleep at bay . 
 the rolling of the ship was becoming ever more pronounced and he began to worry . 
 things began to change and he could feel the ship turning . 
 gradually the rolling subsided and he had to deal only with a more gentle pitching of the ship . 
 sleep finally came . 
 when morning arrived the sounds of the storm continued . 
 jason made his way slowly topside . 
 his girth was a bit of a problem in the narrow companion ways , and others would have to make way for him . 
 he held tightly to the rail as he climbed the ladder topside . 
 he was met with enough wind that it seemed to suck the breath out of him . 
 he concentrated on breathing slowly through his nose and made his way to the pilot house . 
 the captain had obviously been awake all night and appeared to be under great stress . 
 he began apologizing : `` if only i had listened to that fisherman we could 've avoided this and don the great would not be suffering . 
 his suffering will undoubtedly increase everyone else 's suffering . '' 
 jason responded , `` i would expect my desire to see the island with the flightless bird is the cause of our present trouble . 
 i would speak to the envoy of this if you desire . '' 
 the captain nodded in appreciation , but said , `` the one you speak of as the envoy is not known for tolerating discomfort . 
 it is probably best if we not bring any further attention to the matter . '' 
 jason asked , `` where are we ? '' 
 `` i was concerned for the safety of my ship and turned to the southeast to run with the storm , '' the captain replied . 
 `` i expect we are somewhat south of the great peninsula that divides the waters of my country from the rest of the world . '' 
 jason asked , `` what lies beyond our position ? '' 
 `` to the south is a great ocean with but few islands . 
 to the east lies the country from which we emigrated many generations ago . 
 to the west is a vast unknown and to the north is my home . '' 
 `` how far to the east lies this ancient country ? '' 
 asked jason . 
 the captain replied , `` it is said to be a journey of over a month but few have ever made it . 
 the storms make it a most perilous journey . '' 
 he added , `` traders who have attempted the journey were poorly received and many did not survive the attempt . '' 
 jason stood in silence and watched with the captain who gave but occasional orders to the helmsman . 
 all sails were down except for the small storm sail . 
 there was nothing for the deck hands to do and no reason to risk their lives on the pitching deck and above in the rigging . 
 jason spoke , `` the stars have shifted as we sailed . 
 if we could sail far enough , would we return to where we started and the stars would again be in the proper place ? '' 
 the captain answered not but simply looked at jason . 
 he finally responded , `` for one not of the sea you notice much . 
 some of us believe what you say is true , others think there is an edge , an abyss from which return is not possible . '' 
 he then asked , `` how could the length of the journey be determined ? '' 
 it was jason 's turn for thought . 
 he brought out a small pad of paper and begin working with numbers . 
 he finally looked up from his work and said , `` i would have a proper person of numbers look at my work , but it would seem that the angle has changed about thirty degrees in our month of sailing . 
 if our world is truly round it would take twelve months of sailing to complete the journey . '' 
 the captain nodded his head and said , `` those of us who think the journey possible have arrived at a similar number . 
 until the journey is made we shall never know . '' 
 jason tried to respond but the gust of wind tore the sound of his words away as the ship heeled sharply to the side . 
 the captain 's fatigue seemed to disappear as he shouted orders to the helmsman . 
 the ship stabilized and the more regular pitching resumed . 
 jason had held onto the leather strap which crossed the ceiling ; his death grip on the strap was all that kept him from crashing into the helmsman . 
 `` the wind has begun to shift , '' said the captain . 
 `` the seas will be more confused for awhile , but i think we are now on the backside of the storm . 
 it may be best if you stayed below . '' 
 jason responded , `` if you think it necessary i will go below , but i prefer to experience this journey to its fullest . 
 this is freedom such as i have never known . 
 king i may be but free i am not . '' 
 `` as you wish . 
 you must at all times securely hold the safety strap . '' 
 they sailed on before the storm , driven ever more to the east and the south . 
 jason seemed immune to the sickness of the sea and stood watch with the captain until hunger drove him below . 
 jeremy was at table sipping his ginger tea and not looking very good . 
 jason asked him of edna and he replied , `` she suffers from the sickness of the sea . 
 i suspect those of us of the forest were never meant for the sea . '' 
 jason said , `` the captain thinks we are at the backside of the storm , but says the seas will be unsettled for some time yet . '' 
 jeremy looked at the amount of food that jason was consuming and got even a little greener around the edges . 
 he asked , `` does not the sickness of the sea affect you ? '' 
 jason shrugged his shoulders and replied , `` it seems not . 
 the storm seems to have invigorated my soul . 
 when i was dangling from your thin rope during my rescue i was afraid , but felt more alive than i had for many years . 
 for some reason i fear not the sea but yet have the sense of being very much alive . 
 i think i could be one of the sea . '' 
 by nightfall , which was noted only by the transition from the dark grayness to a greater blackness , the wind began to finally die down . 
 the flashes of lightning and crashing of thunder had stopped , but yet the waves seemed to remain as high and unsettled as before . 
 for most , sleep was at best unsettled as the waves , but jason slept well and awoke refreshed . 
 when he entered the dining area he was surprised to see the envoy , who appeared much worse for the storm . 
 jason tried to be cheerful but the most he got from the envoy was a head nod . 
 jason celebrated the breaking of the fast by eating heartily . 
 the envoy watched in silence sipping on some sort of tea . 
 he finally spoke up . 
 `` you seem to be unaffected by the sickness of the sea . 
 how is that ? '' 
 jason shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` i know not why , but the storm bothered me not . 
 in some ways it was both beautiful and exciting . '' 
 the envoy shook his head and mumbled , `` i hate boats and the sea even more . '' 
 he then asked , `` do you know where we are ? '' 
 `` your captain says we are east and south of the great turn and will have to sail to the north to reach your homeland . '' 
 `` how much longer must we tolerate these conditions ? '' 
 jason replied , `` the storm has blown itself out and the waves are subsiding . 
 if i understood the captain correctly , we are about two weeks ' sail from your homeland . '' 
 `` that is two weeks too long . 
 i should have traveled back across the ice field . 
 ships and the sea are for others . 
 i hope my medicine holds out , otherwise i may not be able to tolerate two more weeks . '' 
 jason started to discuss the dangers of crossing the ice field in the winter , but the envoy would listen not and just continued mumbling about the discomfort of the sea . 
 jason finally left him to his tea and returned topside . 
 the captain was absent , finally having given in to the need for sleep . 
 the helmsman nodded in recognition to jason but spoke not . 
 jason observed their course on the ship 's compass and noted they were indeed sailing north by northwest . 
 the ship sails were set about three-quarters and the wind remained fairly brisk . 
 the ship was now happy slicing into the waves without the pounding . 
 they were obviously making good headway . 
 jason was content to just stand and watch . 
 the helmsman would occasionally turn into or away from a wave to try to reduce the rocking of the ship . 
 jason concentrated on the rhythm and realized that the large waves came in a pattern . 
 he began predicting , at first to himself , when the next large wave would appear . 
 for some reason the waves came in a cycle . 
 every twentieth wave was larger and somewhat diagonally orientated compared to the rest . 
 it was a question he would need to put to the captain , but it seemed as if it was a harmonic as in some vast musical score . 
 jeremy and edna appeared on deck and jason joined them . 
 edna appeared pale but otherwise seemed to have tolerated the storm . 
 jeremy had lost most of the green tinge . 
 jason asked , `` have you broken the fast ? '' 
 edna nodded in the affirmative and jeremy said , `` we have had a little tea and some biscuits to eat . '' 
 they stood together watching the bow slice through the waves with only occasional spray making it topside . 
 jason commented , `` it is a thing of beauty to watch a ship such as this ride the waves , is it not ? '' 
 edna responded , `` i see the beauty when the seas are settled and the wind favorable , but i saw not the beauty during the storm . '' 
 jeremy said , `` for those of us of the forest the sea remains a stranger . 
 it is a good thing daniel was not here , for he is even more sensitive to the sickness of the sea . 
 a healer is not much good at healing himself . '' 
 jason changed the subject by telling them the captain was confident the storm was over and that they would arrive at the great city of their ancestors in about two weeks ' sail . 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled out a drawing of a city on a hillside . 
 handing it to jeremy he said , `` i would you study this picture and see if you can get a sense of the place we are going . '' 
 jeremy looked at the drawing and said , `` this is the drawing that daniel made in the cave of knowledge , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yes , it is your daniel 's drawing or rather a copy of it , '' said jason . 
 `` it would be of benefit if we had some knowledge of where we were going . 
 besides , maybe you can figure out where the taverns are by looking at the picture . '' 
 edna spoke up : `` i would doubt that my jeremy would need a picture to find the tavern . 
 if there is ale available and an audience to listen to his stories , he will find it . '' 
 jeremy carefully re-folded the picture and put it in the pocket of his tunic and said only , `` i will study it . '' 
 they sailed on , and on the fifteenth day as the sun was beginning its final descent below the horizon , their ship sailed into the harbor of the great city . 
 headlands on either side of the harbor entrance rose to the height of small mountains and fortifications were visible . 
 the city seemed to wrap around the harbor , and the inner harbor was filled with many ships . 
 the captain had reduced sails and now had all sails dropped . 
 as the speed of the ship dropped , he turned it into the wind and called for the anchor to be prepared . 
 as the ship 's speed bled off he had the anchor released . 
 the breeze began backing the ship down as the anchor line was let out . 
 he called out , `` secure the line . '' 
 as the line was secured their ship 's motion came to a halt , and they began gently swinging on the hook . 
 jason was trying to take in everything at once . 
 the envoy presented not until the ship 's motion had stopped . 
 he arrived on deck in the elaborate travel dress of their warrior class . 
 he spoke to jason , saying , `` you must remain aboard until i have met with the scarlet king and made proper arrangements for your arrival . '' 
 as he turned to depart he added , `` i will never again venture aboard a ship . '' 
 chapter 3 for three days the delegates who had travelled from their homes to the peace conference waited not so patiently aboard the ship , the red dragon . 
 in the distance they could see the activity of the busy city , but they remained isolated in the center of the harbor with only occasional supply vessels coming alongside . 
 on the afternoon of the third day a brightly decorated skiff approached the ship . 
 it carried a messenger who , with great fanfare , was piped aboard the ship . 
 when properly presented to the captain and the delegates , he carefully unrolled a scroll and read , `` the scarlet king hereby welcomes his visitors from the distant lands . 
 in keeping with the customs of the red kingdom an honorary reception is being planned for tomorrow evening . 
 it is expected that you will present yourselves to the scarlet king at that time . '' 
 the messenger continued in a low chant while he carefully rolled his scroll and secured it . 
 the chant seemed to be in the high tongue but even jason was unable to understand it . 
 with only a little less fanfare , the messenger returned to his skiff and left . 
 he had not even waited for a reply . 
 all had questions , but jason asked first of the captain , `` what was the chant the messenger concluded with ? '' 
 the captain looked embarrassed and paused before responding . 
 `` it is some sort of religious ritual that those of the upper class recite that is supposed to protect them from the evil spirits living in the lower classes . '' 
 jason asked , `` was the incantation directed at us , then ? '' 
 the captain shrugged his shoulders and said only , `` maybe . 
 or maybe against myself and my crew . '' 
 jason and the other delegates withdrew below decks and met near the galley to discuss the situation . 
 the delegates from the northern kingdom were adamant that they should simply leave because of the insult implied by the messenger 's chant . 
 jason counseled , however : `` we have come to try and establish peace . 
 if we leave without trying , we are subjecting our peoples to ongoing war . 
 even if we are successful in our defense , it will cause great suffering and loss of life . 
 those of the red have inherited a great city from their previous conquest of our ancestors . 
 i would we try to establish peace and trade as a way to ensure our futures . '' 
 the discussion continued for some time . 
 it was edna who made the decision by declaring , `` i have come to try to restore peace to the forest . 
 i would stay . '' 
 with the support of edna and jeremy , jason 's position was accepted by all but not without some grumbling from the northern delegates . 
 the planning now began on how to present themselves to the scarlet king . 
 formal attire was deemed appropriate for those of the northern and southern kingdoms . 
 edna and jeremy would dress in the traveling clothes of those of the forest . 
 larby would dress in a somewhat similar fashion typical of his people . 
 preparations were ongoing until a large launch powered by military personnel at the oars presented alongside their ship . 
 the delegates climbed down the ladder and assumed their positions . 
 the ship 's master began calling out orders and the synchronized rowing quickly moved the launch to the dock side . 
 at this point brightly dressed servants helped the delegates climb out of the launch and into the waiting carriages . 
 the carriages were upholstered with deep red cloth and leather and the horses were immaculately groomed . 
 they traveled up cobblestone roads halfway up the hillside to the palace . 
 with great ceremony the horns were sounded and the palace gates opened . 
 the carriages moved into the palace yard flanked by military personnel at full attention on both sides . 
 at a stand on the opposite side of the yard under a shade canopy stood the envoy awaiting their arrival . 
 servants again assisted them from the carriages and their arrival was acknowledged with more horns . 
 the envoy smiled not , but greeted them only with a nod of his head . 
 the stress in his face was evident . 
 he turned and led the way towards the great hall past a large fountain that was covered in yellow crystals . 
 the palace guards stood at attention as they passed ; they were obviously fully prepared for conflict . 
 with the sounding of additional horns the tall doors of the great hall were ceremoniously opened . 
 the hall was far larger than the great halls of the northern and southern kingdoms combined . 
 huge paintings of kings past lined the walls and all draperies were a very rich scarlet color . 
 at the far end of the hall was the dais , with a throne which was raised high on the platform . 
 the throne itself appeared to be made of a solid block of stone , which had been carefully carved and then lined with scarlet cushions . 
 the steps leading to the throne were of the same highly polished stone that seemed almost translucent from the light of the many lamps . 
 they proceeded to the base of the dais . 
 the envoy bowed low to the scarlet king and pronounced , `` to my king i present the delegates from the far lands . '' 
 he again bowed low and turned first towards jason and said , `` this is king jason of the southern kingdom who leads the delegation . '' 
 jason took one step forward and bowed his head in recognition of the scarlet king , but spoke not . 
 when those of the northern kingdom were introduced they bowed appropriately as did larby . 
 when jeremy and edna were introduced they stepped forward and but nodded their heads in way of acknowledgment but bowed not , standing tall . 
 the advisers to the side of the king began talking in his ear and the king was obviously upset . 
 the envoy spoke up , saying , `` these are the wild ones we have talked about who have no king and no manner of court . '' 
 the king nodded in acceptance and had one of his advisers read a formal declaration of welcome . 
 it was a long-winded acceptance of the previously negotiated peace settlement with the envoy , don the great . 
 mixed in with the many words were indications that hard negotiations lay ahead . 
 when the scroll was finally completed , it was followed again by the chant of the first messenger . 
 at this point the envoy again bowed towards his king , and the delegates responded in a similar fashion as in their presentation . 
 the horns sounded again and the envoy ushered them out of the great hall and through the passageway to their waiting carriages . 
 he said only , `` negotiations will begin on the morrow . 
 formal attire will not be required . 
 the launch will arrive to deliver you to the negotiating room . '' 
 he added , `` it may be best if you bring your own food and drink . '' 
 those who traveled so far spoke little until they were secure again aboard ship . 
 they discussed their not so warm welcome . 
 jason again counseled them , `` we must remember our purpose is peace , and we can not let their customs , which we understand not , interfere with our goal . '' 
 in the morning a smaller launch again staffed by armed military personnel arrived to transport them to the negotiating room , which was separate from the palace and closer to the docks in a much less ornate government building . 
 they were met by the envoy and taken to a large room , which was almost filled by a huge round table . 
 jason and the others who had traveled so far were directed to one end of the table . 
 after they were seated the remaining chairs were filled by officials of the scarlet kingdom . 
 the envoy began the proceedings with a formal declaration of intent . 
 when he finished many of the officials again chanted quietly , but the envoy simply ignored them . 
 jason then spoke of the desire for long-term peace and trade . 
 he described only in the briefest terms their defeat of the invading army . 
 he then summarized the points of the peace agreement he had negotiated with the envoy . 
 those of the red listened but continuously whispered amongst themselves . 
 the envoy finally spoke up and requested the officials maintain their silence until jason had finished . 
 the reprimand was only partially effective , but jason continued his presentation . 
 edna and jeremy were only half-listening , instead mostly observing closely those of the red . 
 following jason 's presentation , the envoy submitted his proposed format for completing the negotiations . 
 a scroll was unrolled which detailed the individual points of the peace negotiations ; under each was a list of specific details which needed to be completed . 
 it was a long scroll , and by the time the summary was complete jeremy was already tired of sitting . 
 the hours dragged into days and the days into weeks as the negotiating teams worked their way through the document . 
 jeremy and edna mostly sat and held hands under the table watching the proceedings . 
 that evening as they yet again returned to their ship , jeremy complained , `` i will be an old man before we complete these negotiations . '' 
 jason responded , `` i expect it is hard for you to put up with the protocol of government but it is a necessary evil . 
 those of the red seemed to have some fear of you so it is good for you to be there . '' 
 jeremy asked , `` why does the little man dressed as a pompous pet bird always seem to disrupt things and slow the progress ? '' 
 jason explained , `` he is the king 's nephew and representative . 
 his elaborate dress is to signify his royal position . 
 it would appear the guild leaders must be subjected to his approval . 
 he definitely has made his best effort to derail the negotiations . '' 
 jeremy said , `` i like him not . 
 he whispers and always is repeating that religious chant about evil spirits . '' 
 they discussed the progress of the negotiations , and jason said , `` we have worked through the worst of the problems . 
 the many remaining issues are mostly matters of protocol . 
 i would hope that in another week or so we will have finished our negotiations . '' 
 jeremy shrugged his shoulders and said , `` i would think the one who looks like a pet bird will do his best to make sure we do not finish . 
 why would they not want to complete the negotiations ? '' 
 he asked . 
 jason tried to explain how all governments have divisions within them and that all parties in the same government do not always share the same goals . 
 the discussion moved to the technical points of the next day 's negotiations and edna and jeremy went topside to enjoy the open sky above . 
 the next day dragged on like all the previous days with jeremy and edna really not paying attention but merely watching the people . 
 the one jeremy referred to as a pet bird kept glancing at them and then quickly looking away . 
 towards the end of the day a short break was called when the envoy was called away . 
 during the break the pet bird walked by jeremy and edna . 
 he stopped behind edna and touched her neck and hair saying , `` i would you join me in bed tonight . '' 
 jeremy reacted instantly and his fist met the little man 's face full on , sending him flying against the wall . 
 immediately armed guards appeared with their spears leveled at jeremy . 
 edna grabbed one of the spears and turned it on her attackers , keeping them from advancing on jeremy , but even more guards appeared armed with swords and bows . 
 the whole room now appeared full of palace guards . 
 jason tried to calm the situation , but the guard simply isolated edna and jeremy from the rest of the party by brute force . 
 when the envoy returned he found edna and jeremy on the conference table , edna clutching a single spear and surrounded by the palace guards . 
 when he demanded an explanation , one of the guards pointed to the pet bird who was still unconscious against the wall . 
 a look of understanding swept over the envoy as he realized why he was called away . 
 another official of the king showed up and began shouting orders . 
 the envoy told jeremy and edna , `` it would be best for you to surrender , for he has given the order for your death if you do not . '' 
 edna slowly lowered her spear as the guards carefully stepped forward and tightly bound them with ropes before dragging them off . 
 as the room gradually cleared , the envoy maintained his silence until only those from the far-off lands remained . 
 he said , `` you must return to the ship . 
 tell the captain that i have ordered your protection and that he shall honor only the green and white flag . '' 
 jason demanded an explanation of what had happened , but the envoy only said , `` my enemies have played their hand . 
 now i must plan the next move . '' 
 with that he left and jason and the others did as they were told and returned to the ship . 
 the captain received the message from jason with grave solemnity . 
 he responded only with , `` those of the palace will not dare challenge us directly but we must be wary . '' 
 when jason and the others gathered , they discussed what little they knew . 
 jason explained how they were witnessing some sort of revolt within the government . 
 when larby asked about jeremy and edna , jason could only say , `` they are but pawns in this battle but i fear greatly for them . '' 
 after a very quiet and subdued meal jason sought out the captain . 
 the captain asked what had precipitated the event . 
 jason explained how the envoy had been called away , and how the king 's representative , the pet bird , had approached edna and touched her , saying he wished her to share his bed . 
 the captain was lost in thought for several minutes before explaining , `` those of the royal blood have instituted a custom whereby it is to be considered an honor for one of the lower classes to be invited to their bed . 
 it may be the most despised of all the royal customs . 
 most assuredly this was a well-planned attack on the one you call the envoy and your friends are but the bait . '' 
 jason asked , `` and what of my friends ? '' 
 the captain looked not at jason before replying , `` for one of the unclean to touch one of the royal blood is punishable by death . '' 
 it was now jason who was quiet as he thought long and hard before saying , `` the enemies of the envoy will attempt to barter the lives of jeremy and edna in exchange for the power the envoy controls . 
 i would assume this power is the loyalty of the military . '' 
 `` our military has always been somewhat separate from the palace , '' said the captain . 
 `` it is the only balance of power in the kingdom . 
 now we have been decimated by the war pushed upon us by those of the palace . 
 i expect they see this as their opportunity to gain complete control . '' 
 jason nodded in understanding and said only , `` it would seem that other than praying to our god of the sacred water , all we can do now is wait . '' 
 the captain responded , `` if praying helps , so be it . 
 i fear little can be done for your friends , for the one you call the envoy can not give in to their demands for the sake of our kingdom . '' 
 jason accepted the captain 's statement but added , `` i know little of the power of the forest , but it is strong in edna ; there may yet be hope . '' 
 chapter 4 in the village of issip winter was finally coming to an end and the snow just beginning to recede . 
 it was not yet light but heather was awake -- not because of her baby but rather because of a dream . 
 her grandmother , who had not visited her for some time , stood by her bed looking down at her , saying nothing . 
 sleep would not return . 
 heather finally arose , being careful not to awaken daniel or their baby , and kindled the fire . 
 she sat in the rocking chair and watched the flames , trying to make sense of her grandmother 's visit . 
 daniel awoke as dawn was approaching and found his bride thus seated . 
 he asked , `` did baby geoffrey awaken you ? '' 
 heather smiled just a little . 
 `` no , our son sleeps . 
 my grandmother paid me a visit . '' 
 daniel was quiet for some time before asking , `` what did she have to say ? '' 
 heather had a tightlipped smile as she replied , `` she said not . 
 she just stood and looked at me as if saying i should be doing something . '' 
 `` what were you supposed to be doing ? '' 
 with just a little bit of a tear in her eyes , heather responded , `` i know not . '' 
 daniel shrugged his shoulders and said , `` the god of the sacred water will make it evident soon enough . 
 for now we should concentrate on the breaking of the fast . '' 
 they had no sooner finished a small meal of bread and cheese when betty and her son arrived . 
 she looked terrible , as if she had seen a spirit . 
 heather asked , `` what is wrong ? '' 
 betty replied , `` i think i heard edna just before awakening . 
 it was terrible . 
 the chains were cutting into her wrist and the rats ran across her while she tried to sleep . '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 betty was now openly crying and could only sob , `` i know not . '' 
 just then baby geoffrey announced he was awake and needed to be fed . 
 while heather went to her baby , daniel tried to comfort betty but she would not be comforted . 
 for a while heather concentrated on nursing her baby while her mind tried to figure out why the coincidence between her grandmother 's visit and betty 's dream . 
 even betty 's young son was quiet as if he too knew something was wrong . 
 heather asked betty , `` can you hear edna from so far away ? '' 
 betty shook her head and said , `` only a little . '' 
 heather recalled working in the sewing room and how betty had first noted her ability to hear the spirits of the forest . 
 she had just finished nursing her baby when she heard the knock on the door . 
 one of the women of issip presented , saying , `` we are gathering to try and help . 
 come join us . '' 
 heather handed their baby to daniel for the care he needed on the other end and reached for her cape . 
 she and betty joined with the others and made their way to the sewing room . 
 already it was full of the women of the village who most easily heard the spirits of the forest . 
 they had started work again on a large quilt and were visiting quietly . 
 nothing was said of betty 's dream and the quilting went on as ever . 
 heather finally asked , `` can you help betty hear edna ? '' 
 one of the elder women replied , `` the spirits of the forest are most easily heard when the mind and soul are quiet . 
 it would be best if you joined in the quilting and let the spirits present when they 're ready . '' 
 heather did as she was told and began embroidering the square she was given . 
 betty , who did not embroider , was given a square to edge . 
 they worked quietly as the chatter of the women gradually calmed them . 
 it was nearly time for the midday meal and heather was beginning to worry about needing to feed her baby when betty developed a far-off look . 
 she said nothing for some time and then spoke . 
 `` she and jeremy in prison because of a fight . 
 she afraid . 
 glad to hear me . 
 need help . '' 
 heather asked , `` what can we do to help ? '' 
 betty said not for many minutes and then replied , `` jeremy wants to know if we can hear those of the red ? '' 
 the leader said , `` if edna can hear them we should also hear them , for the spirits of the forest keep us connected . '' 
 betty said , `` soldiers come . 
 taking them to the palace . '' 
 daniel appeared at the door carrying a very upset baby geoffrey , who needed to be fed , and also carried betty 's child . 
 heather spoke up , saying , `` betty you stay here and help edna . 
 i will take care of your son . '' 
 she left with daniel for the duties of the mother . 
 daniel had many questions and heather told him the little she knew . 
 when asked what her plan was , heather could only reply , `` i know not . 
 we must trust in the god of the sacred water and the spirits of the forest . 
 if help can be given it will be from the spirits of the forest , for they are strong in betty . '' 
 edna and jeremy were half marched and half dragged from their cell across the courtyard and into the palace proper . 
 instead of going to the great hall they were taken to a smaller room , which held many guards and a much smaller dais . 
 jeremy could not help but notice evidence of dried blood on the stone floor . 
 there they stood surrounded by guards in armor with spears pointed at them . 
 finally a single horn was sounded and the scarlet king was carried in and set upon his throne . 
 only three or four advisers accompanied him . 
 one of these was the one who had instigated the episode , the pet bird . 
 he looked not well , with the entire left side of his face swollen and discolored and only able to see through his right eye . 
 it was he who spoke , reading from a scroll with some difficulty . 
 it was a long litany of the charges against jeremy and edna for attacking one of the royal blood . 
 jeremy thought he would never stop talking and whispered to edna , `` can you make him be quiet ? '' 
 edna could hear the pet bird very well for he had touched her . 
 somehow betty was making her hearing even stronger . 
 she imagined the scene of the forest with the great trees reaching down with their branches engulfing the pet bird . 
 the man continued reading and chanting for just a few seconds when a great paleness came over him as the image that edna had projected fully engulfed him . 
 he stood with this look of great fear upon himself and was able to read no more . 
 the scarlet king , who had said not , turned towards him and finally asked , `` what is wrong ? '' 
 when he spoke edna was finally able to hear the king whose mind had been closed to her . 
 it was filled with much sickness and made her almost nauseated . 
 the pet bird could only respond , `` make the trees go away . '' 
 the king had grown impatient and told another of the advisers to finish the reading . 
 when it was finally completed a third advisor spoke up , saying to jeremy and edna , `` you have been charged with a most serious crime . 
 it is only the grace and goodness of our most merciful and powerful king which prevents your immediate execution . 
 you will now bow before him and plead for mercy . '' 
 jeremy and edna but glanced at each other before jeremy spoke up : `` we are of the forest and bow before no one but the god of the sacred water . '' 
 the king became agitated as the words were translated for him . 
 he arose to pass judgment on them , but as he started to speak edna was again able to hear him clearly and insert the image of the forest engulfing him into his mind . 
 his mind was such a jumble of illness that at first the image could not form fully , but it was enough to make him pause . 
 he sat back down and turned to one of the advisers , who then said , `` you shall return to the prison and this time enjoy the stocks to help you think clearer . '' 
 the religious chant was then begun to protect the royal blood from the unclean . 
 jeremy and edna were again half dragged , half marched back to the prison . 
 instead of being thrown back into their cell , they were placed in a wooden apparatus which clamped around their legs and arms and held their heads . 
 when the guards had departed , jeremy asked edna what she had done . 
 edna explained how she was able to put an image of the forest into the minds of the pet bird and the king . 
 when jeremy asked how she had done that , edna but shrugged her shoulders and said , `` i think betty did it . '' 
 jeremy said , `` well then , i think betty has saved our lives , at least for now , for i am sure we were about to die . 
 can you continue hearing them and having them see this image ? '' 
 edna was silent for some time before replying , `` i hear them and like the image not . '' 
 while jeremy and edna experienced a night of progressive discomfort as the pressure from the wooden apparatus stiffened their muscles and joints , the scarlet king and the pet bird had nights even more terrifying . 
 the image of the giant trees engulfing them became ever more clear and terrifying . 
 with the coming of the morning light , little changed in the minds of the scarlet king or the pet bird ; their terror persisted . 
 the advisers themselves were afraid because of the looks of fear so evident in their king and his nephew . 
 the scarlet king seemed unable to make a decision so one of the advisers sent for the envoy . 
 he too appeared weary but his mind was clear . 
 he was asked for an explanation . 
 when the envoy had heard the story he replied , `` it is spirits of the forest protecting their own . 
 i would advise releasing them unharmed to appease the spirits of the forest . '' 
 an adviser spoke up , saying , `` these two of the forest have committed a capital crime and release is not possible . 
 they must pay the price of the crime . '' 
 the envoy but shrugged his shoulders and said , `` i have witnessed the power of the forest and the destruction of our army . 
 i would respect this power . '' 
 another of the advisers spoke up , saying , `` i think the woman is a witch who has cast a spell on our king . 
 she should be burned at the stake . '' 
 there was a murmur of agreement from the other advisers , but the king 's nephew , the pet bird , spoke up , saying , `` would killing the woman make the nightmare go away ? '' 
 the envoy replied , `` i would expect the spirits of the forest would be much angered and the visions would not only continue but become more vile . '' 
 the statement caused the king to be somewhat aroused from his semi-stupor , and he said , `` you will go and make the strangers stop the visions . '' 
 the envoy bowed low and said , `` i may need to release them from our lands to appease the spirits of the forest . '' 
 the scarlet king almost screamed at him , saying , `` do what you must but stop the visions . '' 
 the envoy again bowed low and departed the hall . 
 he headed not to the prison but rather to the military headquarters . 
 there he spoke only to his most trusted assistant , giving specific orders . 
 he then took a small escort with him to the prison . 
 the prison guard was of mixed loyalty , with some favoring the military and others the palace guards . 
 the envoy took no chances and spoke directly to the commander of the prison , relaying the scarlet king 's orders . 
 the commander had reached his position by carefully balancing his loyalty to the military and to the palace . 
 he replied , `` you may meet with the prisoners but i must confirm with the palace your mandate . '' 
 the envoy was taken down a flight of stairs to the most secure portion of the prison , and many locked gates were opened . 
 when he arrived at the cell where jeremy and edna were being held , he was dismayed to see them in the stocks . 
 he ordered their immediate release from the stocks . 
 the guard was uncertain of the envoy 's authority but the look of anger was enough to convince him to follow the order . 
 jeremy and edna said little while they stretched their very stiff and sore muscles . 
 the envoy said , `` i can speak of my anguish that you are being treated such . 
 there is hope for your release but i can no longer guarantee your safety . '' 
 edna asked , `` why is this happening ? '' 
 the envoy thought for a moment before replying . 
 `` the power struggle is beginning for a new scarlet king . 
 you and jeremy are unfortunate pawns in the struggle . 
 if it were not for the protection the spirits of the forest have provided you , i am afraid those who would assume power would have already had their way and you would be no more . '' 
 jeremy asked , `` what is wrong with the present scarlet king ? '' 
 `` have you not noticed the lumpy nature of his skin ? 
 that is a sign that the disease of the royal blood is well advanced and with it comes a sickness of the mind followed by seizures and death . '' 
 he added , `` it was his fear of this disease that caused him to seek your sacred water and begin the war against your peoples . '' 
 edna spoke , `` the mind of the scarlet king is very tortured and ill . '' 
 the envoy then spoke in a very quiet whisper . 
 `` i am arranging for your escape tonight . 
 you must make your way back to the ship and depart immediately . 
 i can leave you no crew so you must sail yourselves . 
 i think your king jason is capable of navigating . '' 
 in a somewhat louder voice he said , `` i would you ask the spirits of the forest to release the king and his cousin from their visions in return for releasing you from the stocks . '' 
 he then used his fingers to indicate just a small decrease . 
 edna was quiet for some time as she tried to make this message heard by betty . 
 she then said , `` the spirits of the forest are not controlled by me but i will pray to the god of the sacred water that they have some mercy on the scarlet king . '' 
 the envoy then reached out and took jeremy 's hand saying , `` i wish you the peace of the forest . '' 
 in his hand was a slip of paper which jeremy kept hidden as the envoy turned to leave the cell . 
 it was only after all the guards had left that jeremy unfolded the piece of paper and read the message . 
 it said , `` just before the rising of the moon your cell will be unlocked and you must make your way back to the ship . 
 depart at once . '' 
 the envoy reported back to the palace and relayed edna 's message that she was praying to the gods of the sacred water to have mercy on the scarlet king . 
 the king appeared a little less distraught , but his cousin , the pet bird , seemed no better . 
 the envoy then again requested permission for the release of those of the forest but the king 's advisers would have none of it . 
 the envoy knew that there were those in the palace who were happy to see the suffering of the king and hoping it would lead to an even quicker death . 
 others , of course , wished for their scarlet king 's suffering to end and would willingly allow the release of the two strangers . 
 the envoy had already decided that he could not wait for the outcome of the power struggle . 
 he had planned to do what he knew must be done . 
 by making it look like an escape , hopefully face could be saved by all and his king 's suffering ended . 
 being free of the stocks made jeremy and edna a little more comfortable , but the mash that arrived for the evening meal was no more appetizing . 
 the hours of the evening slowly crawled by as darkness gradually obliterated their one small opening to the outside world . 
 jeremy tried to figure the time of the rising moon , but the few days in captivity had distorted his sense of time . 
 they were in an area of isolation without other prisoners , and silence pervaded except for the scurrying of the rats . 
 a slight click reverberated only slightly in the silence and then jeremy detected the softest of footsteps . 
 another click and the door slowly opened . 
 in the darkness jeremy could see only a small figure who spoke not but simply held the door for them . 
 just before departing the cell , jeremy tore a strip of cloth from his cape and boosted edna up and stuffed it into the bars of the small opening . 
 jeremy thought if the ruse had worked for daniel maybe it would help them . 
 they followed the footsteps through the many gates , all of which were unguarded at the moment . 
 the torches provided a dim light , but jeremy could see only a figure fully robed whose face was covered by the hood . 
 rather than exiting through the main gate of the prison , their guide led them to the service entrance which again was unguarded . 
 he said not but simply handed jeremy a coil of line and pointed in the direction of the wall . 
 jeremy took the line and turned towards edna whispering , `` are you ready for a climb ? '' 
 when he turned back their guide had vanished . 
 they made their way through the gray darkness to the foot of the wall between some shops . 
 jeremy had no trouble climbing the interior wall , which had not been smoothed . 
 he lowered the rope and helped edna ascend . 
 the exterior face of the wall had been extensively smoothed and offered few handles for a possible intrusion . 
 the line was just of sufficient length for edna to reach the ground but not long enough for jeremy to use a loop to lower himself . 
 he wanted not to leave any evidence of their escape and a rope dangling over the side of the wall would be surely seen . 
 he tied a stopper knot on the end of the line and found a small crack where the knot barely caught , and began climbing down the rope . 
 he hoped that when he reached the ground he would be able to shake the line and the knot would come free . 
 his planning might have been good but the execution suffered : when he was still twenty feet above the ground the knot slipped and he fell the remaining distance . 
 edna did her best to cushion his fall but his ankle twisted and he collapsed with a groan of pain escaping his lips . 
 edna looked around hoping nobody heard the sound . 
 all was quiet . 
 edna helped jeremy to his feet , and by using her as a crutch he was able to hobble along . 
 they had both been studying the terrain during their many visits and only occasionally did they need to communicate as to direction . 
 the moon was well up before they arrived at the harbor . 
 only a few torches burned . 
 tied to one of the pilings was the captain 's skiff . 
 they untied the skiff and ever so quietly pushed off away from the pilings . 
 using the oars as paddles , they made their way slowly away from the harbor structures and guards . 
 not until they were into the open water of the harbor did they insert the oars . 
 the squeaking of the oar locks seemed loud to those in the skiff but no alarm was raised . 
 jeremy manned the oars and edna provided the steerage using the rudder . 
 the moon was now up high enough so that they could see the outline of the ship . 
 there was just enough of a breeze to complicate the rowing , and it seemed to take several times as long for them to reach the ship as it normally did . 
 as they approached the ship they needed to decide whether to hail the ship or try to sneak aboard . 
 jeremy 's ankle made it impossible for him to climb , but edna said she would climb the anchor rope and get help to raise him aboard the ship . 
 they positioned the skiff next to the anchor line . 
 edna grabbed hold the thick line and pulled herself upwards until the line entered through the scupper portal . 
 at that point she had to wedge her foot between the ship 's hull and the anchor line . 
 when she had stabilized her position she reached up ; her fingers just barely were able to grab the rail . 
 as she transferred her weight to her hands , she then had to free her foot from its wedged position . 
 only then was she able to lift herself over the rail and onto the deck of the ship . 
 she crouched low and looked around . 
 there appeared to be no one on watch . 
 she leaned over the rail and could make out jeremy in the skiff holding himself to the anchor line . 
 she walked quietly to the companionway and spotted the sentry . 
 she froze and tried to make herself invisible . 
 the sentry moved and she recognized the thumping of larby 's peg leg . 
 she whispered , `` larby , it 's me , edna . '' 
 he spoke up saying , `` we were hoping you were going to show up . '' 
 edna asked , `` where is the ship 's watch ? '' 
 larby said , `` the captain and the crew went ashore and left instructions that we were to allow only those flying the green and white colors aboard . 
 king jason figured something would happen tonight and we hoped it would be you . '' 
 he then asked , '' what of jeremy ? '' 
 heather explained briefly their escape and jeremy 's injury . 
 larby went below and got a few others to help and they moved forward . 
 larby took a line and easily slid down the anchor line . 
 those on board then hauled jeremy topside . 
 larby used a line to secure the skiff and then climbed back aboard himself . 
 by now the entire delegation was topside and everyone had questions . 
 jason took control . 
 when he had heard of the envoy 's instruction to leave immediately , he gave the command to do so . 
 unfortunately those on board were delegates and soldiers , not sailors . 
 it was larby who then took charge and began giving specific instructions . 
 they began by partially raising the main sail , then larby gave the order to raise the anchor . 
 using the large windless , they slowly began raising the heavy anchor . 
 when all the free scope of the anchor line had been pulled in , they were no longer able to turn the windless . 
 larby went forward and tested the tension on the anchor line ; it was as tight as a string on a bow . 
 he returned to the pilot house and told jason that the anchor was stuck . 
 jason asked what they should do . 
 larby chewed on his lower lip before replying , `` it would be best if we waited for the tide to break the anchor free , but i fear that dawn will be approaching before that happens . 
 if we would leave in the darkness we must cut the anchor line and lose our main anchor . '' 
 jason looked at edna and jeremy , and edna said , `` i wish not to see the prison of the scarlet king again . 
 i would we leave as ordered by the envoy . '' 
 larby again went forward , but instead of cutting the anchor line aboard ship , he tied a line around himself and descended along the anchor line to the water 's edge where he began sawing with his sharp knife . 
 when but a single strand was left , he called up , `` relax the tension . '' 
 even with some relaxation of the tension , the last strand gave way suddenly with the line whipping upwards . 
 larby then had those aboard pull him up . 
 the ship began moving ever so slowly and larby took command of the helm . 
 under the partial sail they made slow but silent progress . 
 not until they had passed out of the harbor and into the open sea did larby hoist the remaining sails . 
 the pink of dawn was evident in the east as they sailed south away from the prison of the scarlet king . 
 with the coming of the light the escape of the prisoners from the forest became known . 
 a messenger who was trusted by both the king and the envoy presented at the envoy 's quarters . 
 he spoke briefly , saying , `` our king reports the visions have gone and his mind is more at rest . 
 for this he thanks you but also sends a warning to be prepared , for some within the palace will not be pleased . '' 
 as soon as his simple message was relayed the messenger disappeared quietly . 
 the envoy prepared for the day knowing it would be a day of reckoning between those groups who struggled for power . 
 he had not yet finished the morning review with his commanders when an official messenger of the palace arrived , requesting his presence at the palace . 
 he would not tolerate even a few minutes of delay for the envoy to complete his planning . 
 the envoy sighed heavily and told his commanders to prepare , then left with a messenger . 
 he was escorted into the palace by armed troops and taken not to the great hall , but to the hall of justice as had jeremy and edna . 
 there he was met by the same small group of advisers , several of which were openly hostile to him as they waited for the arrival of the scarlet king . 
 the scarlet king was carried in and set upon his throne . 
 his nephew , the pet bird , opened the proceedings by charging the envoy with treason for failing in the scarlet king 's command to capture the lands of the sacred water , and then allowing the release of the prisoners from the forest . 
 this monologue went on for some time and even the envoy , who was used to the long-winded tirades of his cousin , became tired of listening . 
 the monologue finally ended . 
 to add insult to injury , his cousin recited the cleansing chant at its completion , implying that the envoy was now a member of the unclean . 
 another of the advisers told the envoy to present himself to the scarlet king and explain or accept the charges . 
 the envoy bowed low to his king and replied , `` i accept the charge of failing to conquer the source of the sacred water . 
 i do not accept the charge of allowing the release of the prisoners from the forest . 
 they were not under the command of the military and therefore not under my jurisdiction . 
 it also appears their escape has fulfilled my king 's request to make the visions stop . '' 
 his cousin began another tirade about how the prisoners could not possibly have escaped without the assistance of the envoy . 
 this lengthy monologue again went on for some time . 
 the envoy responded , `` i would beg a chance to speak of another matter far more important than these charges against me . '' 
 the king turned to the one advisor whom the envoy trusted and whispered something . 
 this advisor then said , `` our scarlet king would hear of this matter . '' 
 the other advisers complained that the matter before the tribunal was treason and the tribunal could not be interrupted . 
 with a wave of his hand the king dismissed their concerns and the envoy was allowed to speak . 
 he looked straight at his king as he said , `` i received a report this morning that one of the black ships was spotted off of our coast . '' 
 this changed the nature of the tribunal instantly . 
 many questions were asked of the envoy , who had few answers other than the solitary ship had been spotted and identified . 
 his cousin finally raised enough of a ruckus to regain the ear of the king . 
 he said , `` he is obviously lying trying to prevent his rightful judgment . 
 i move that his judgment be pronounced and the sentencing commence . 
 if his report is true we will deal with the future as it comes . '' 
 the advisor whom the envoy trusted asked , `` if the report is true , who will take charge of our defense ? '' 
 the envoy 's cousin stood and fluffed himself up , making him appear even more a pet bird , and said , `` i will lead the defense of our country and king . '' 
 the envoy at this time forced the decision by saying , `` my cousin , who knows not which end of the sword to hold , would defend our king and country ? '' 
 even the advisers associated with his cousin had trouble controlling their smiles , but for the one those of the forest referred to as the pet bird the statement was devastating . 
 he was thrown into an almost violent monologue , and his shouting continued until even the king tired of hearing him . 
 he arose and said , `` enough . 
 i would hear the judgment of my advisers . '' 
 the advisers all stood and turned towards their king . 
 they all wore small ceremonial swords made of the finest metals . 
 their decision was announced by showing their sword if death was warranted or allowing them to remain sheathed if they thought the subject was innocent . 
 in unison they bowed before their king , and with great ceremony turned towards the envoy with their hands on the hilts of their swords . 
 by rank his cousin came first ; he vigorously removed his sword and thrust it towards the envoy . 
 he was followed by his closely associated advisor who acted similarly . 
 the one advisor the envoy trusted left his hand on the sword which remained in the sheath . 
 the final advisor removed his sword with much trembling and could not look at the envoy . 
 the four advisers stood as such until the king arose and said , `` judgment has been passed in this ancient hall of justice . 
 i agree not with the judgment and will not allow the sentence to occur in this hall . 
 your sentence will need to be carried out in the city square . '' 
 the pet bird paled only a little with the reprimand of his king , and said , `` as my king wishes . '' 
 with a nod of his head the guards surrounding the envoy placed him in shackles and began escorting him from the hall of justice . 
 as the envoy was turning from facing the scarlet king , they made eye contact and understanding was evident between them . 
 the trumpets were sounded and advisers went forth announcing a public execution . 
 in the center of the plaza in city center was a raised platform with a huge ancient block of wood , with the groove carved in the surface to stabilize the prisoner 's head and neck . 
 the trumpets proceeded ahead of the prisoner as he was slowly led to the city center . 
 there he was raised up on the platform where at first he stood tall . 
 his cousin , the pet bird , arrived shortly after in a gilded carriage . 
 with great ceremony he was escorted up onto the platform . 
 with the envoy still standing tall , the pet bird read the charge and the sentencing . 
 when the official proclamation was finished he again recited the cleansing chant . 
 he then spoke to the envoy , saying , `` well , my bastard cousin , it appears our years of disagreements are coming to an end . 
 i 'm sorry you will not be around to celebrate my coronation as the next king . '' 
 the envoy , without turning towards his cousin , replied , `` one battle victory does not ensure winning of the war . '' 
 he added , `` and at least i know who my father was . '' 
 his cousin reddened visibly and said , `` it would seem your days of battle are over . 
 you should have fled with that witch from the forest . '' 
 the guards then stepped forward and had the envoy kneel before the ancient block of wood and rest his neck in the worn groove . 
 the trumpets sounded and with great fanfare the pet bird called forth the executioner . 
 the large crowd of commoners who had gathered seemed to shudder when the huge man dressed in robes of death , his face covered with a black mask , presented carrying a huge axe . 
 the murmuring of the crowd died down as the executioner slowly approached the envoy kneeling over the block of death . 
 the sound of the trumpets changed as the executioner began raising his instrument of death above the neck of the envoy . 
 the sound of the trumpets ceased just as the executioner began to complete the upward swing of his axe of death , so all could hear the final thump of life as the axe fell . 
 just as the downward ark of death was to start , many of the observers threw back their cloaks and brought out their bows . 
 nearly fifty arrows simultaneously struck the executioner , who fell back against the pet bird . 
 at first no one moved . 
 the palace guard closed in around the envoy 's cousin , who had finally crawled out from under the executioner . 
 his finery was now covered in blood and the fear on his face evident for all to see . 
 the envoy stood again and spoke to all assembled . 
 `` i fear for my king and my country , for we face an imminent danger and i choose not to die at this point . '' 
 he turned to his cousin and said , `` flee back to the palace and bother me no further , for if we are to survive the black ships much work needs to be done . '' 
 with that the envoy simply walked off into the crowd dragging his chains behind him . 
 the crowd divided in front of him and those loyal to the military formed a protective shield around him as he made his way back to the military compound . 
 chapter 5 life in issip continued as those of the forest prepared for the coming of spring . 
 heather was sleeping well after learning that betty had heard edna and they were again free . 
 baby geoffrey even cooperated and did not awaken until an hour before dawn when he began to demand attention . 
 heather arose quietly so as not to disturb daniel . 
 she stirred the coals in the fireplace and stoked the fire . 
 she then picked up her baby boy , and after changing him brought him to the rocking chair by the fire . 
 there she contentedly nursed him while she watched the flames dance in the fireplace in the early morning darkness . 
 as she watched the flames they began to take shape and soon she visualized her grandmother standing in the fire . 
 her arm was raised and she was pointing towards the south and said simply , `` you must go . '' 
 heather blinked her eyes and the image was gone . 
 she leaned back in the rocking chair trying to make sense of the vision , and only then noticed that baby geoffrey had stopped suckling and just now resumed . 
 she sat there quietly with the shawl around her shoulders even after the baby was back asleep . 
 as the sun arose so did daniel . 
 he found his wife sitting quietly staring at the fire . 
 he greeted her , `` how is the love of my life and the mother of my child doing today ? '' 
 heather smiled back at him in reply but said nothing for a while . 
 daniel gently picked up the baby and returned it to the cradle . 
 he looked again at heather , who had the faraway look in her eyes and knew something had happened . 
 he recalled his own strange dream and asked , `` was it your grandmother i saw in my dreams standing in our fireplace ? '' 
 heather was a little startled by the question and asked , `` what did she look like ? '' 
 daniel concentrated and squinted his left eye , as he tended to do when he thought deeply , and replied , `` she was old but yet lively . 
 she wore an unusual cape with a large pendant . 
 she was talking but i heard not . 
 she seemed to be pointing . '' 
 heather 's eyes filled with tears and she said only , `` she said i must go . '' 
 `` go where ? '' 
 `` she but pointed towards the south . '' 
 `` the southern kingdom ? '' 
 heather but shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` i know not but think much further . '' 
 daniel was silent for some time , standing beside her with his hand on her shoulder . 
 he finally suggested she complete the morning ritual and prepare for the day while he prepared for the breaking of the fast . 
 he added , `` it seems the spirits of the forest are strong in your grandmother . '' 
 heather arose from the rocking chair and said , `` have i not told you that my grandmother was of the forest ? '' 
 it was daniel 's turn to be puzzled . 
 he asked , `` was she not your father 's mother ? '' 
 heather answered over her shoulder as she left to prepare for the day , `` yes , i will explain why when we break the fast together . '' 
 daniel prepared their meal of boiled oats and bread wondering what this vision meant . 
 when heather joined him at table for the breaking of the fast , they first gave thanks to the god of the sacred water for their safety and the gift of baby geoffrey . 
 as she ate , heather explained how her grandmother was the daughter of the ambassador from the northern kingdom who had served to improve trade with those of the forest . 
 while living in the forest he had asked to learn the skill of hunting and a young woman of the hunter 's guild was assigned the task . 
 she was unable to teach him to be a hunter , but they managed to fall in love and were married . 
 `` by the time they returned to the northern kingdom , my grandmother was about to be born , '' added heather . 
 daniel asked , `` why have you not told me this story before ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders and replied , `` i suppose i never thought it was important , and besides it has always been a bit of a family scandal of sorts . '' 
 `` why was it a scandal ? '' 
 heather smiled one of her beautiful smiles and said , `` those not of the forest believe there is something special about royal blood . 
 the prince who married my grandmother did so against the wishes of the royal family . 
 it was only after my mother 's victory in battle was she finally accepted , but until the end many had trouble calling her queen . '' 
 daniel was puzzled and asked , `` what is special about royal blood ? 
 is it not red like everyone else 's ? '' 
 `` i know not why people choose to believe what they do , '' responded heather , `` but it seems to provide some social stability . 
 maybe it is the stability that people really want . '' 
 the discussion was interrupted with the arrival of betty and her son , both dressed for travel . 
 betty said , `` we leave today . '' 
 heather knew without asking that her grandmother had also visited betty . 
 tears welled up in her eyes and she asked , `` what of our babies ? '' 
 daniel spoke up , saying , `` i think it would be safe enough to bring them with us at least as far as the northern kingdom . 
 i will need to find some others of the forest to travel with us . '' 
 heather replied , `` i would expect that the spirits of the forest have already seen to that . 
 let us concentrate on our own preparations and let the god of the sacred water take care of the rest . '' 
 she then added , `` i would bring more of your powder if it is available . '' 
 daniel replied , `` i will send word but know not if any is in store . '' 
 by midday they were ready and a dozen hunters had arrived to travel with them . 
 those of the village provided the midday meal . 
 the women of the quilting group brought a special travel cape for heather , which had a large interior pocket for baby geoffrey to ride in . 
 they explained in private to heather how the women of the hunter 's guild would use the cape to carry their infants , which allowed them to nurse while they traveled . 
 as they prepared to depart , four others arrived who had been traveling hard . 
 with them was stan from those left behind -- who had joined them on the ice field -- and the young priest who had been working with the old priest at the monastery . 
 they said simply , `` the old one had a vision and has sent us to you with all speed . '' 
 they were warmly welcomed by heather and daniel and the group set off . 
 winter had not yet lost its grip on the land , but the days were long and they made several miles before their first camp . 
 heather was able to do fairly well keeping up just carrying her baby geoffrey , but betty 's toddler rode on her shoulders or was carried by the various hunters . 
 when the snow was particularly soft they even carried betty . 
 they gradually descended and finally spotted their first open ground as they arrived at the swinging bridge made famous by jeremy 's charging bear . 
 as they traveled , more and more hunters joined with them , and by the time they arrived at the city gates they were a party of nearly fifty . 
 heather had planned on a quiet meeting with her father , but as they arrived at the gate , trumpets began to blare and the gates were opened with great ceremony . 
 there stood elrod , who welcomed them with great enthusiasm saying , `` my wife martha had a feeling something was going to happen today . 
 she told me i needed to be especially watchful . '' 
 before he could continue with his monologue heather interrupted saying , `` i would speak with captain cook . '' 
 elrod nodded and said , `` first let us escort you to your father and i will make the arrangements . '' 
 they had traveled hard and heather at this point simply let elrod continue his talking as they made their way to the palace . 
 she was greeted by her father and his queen and taken immediately to the royal quarters . 
 while the queen fussed over the babies , the king asked , `` before i ask the reason for your visit , i would know that you are doing well . '' 
 heather hugged him again and said simply , `` we are well , but i have had a visit from my grandmother . '' 
 the queen looked up sharply from the babies and said , `` i pray that this means not another adventure . 
 you have done your share and now have a baby to consider . '' 
 heather could not hold back her tears , which began to flow heavily . 
 daniel tried to comfort her to no avail . 
 betty took charge and said , `` babies need to come with . '' 
 now both the king and queen objected , saying that travel was no place for babies . 
 betty stood her ground and just repeated , `` babies come with us . '' 
 a look of understanding passed between daniel and heather 's father and they managed to change the topic to more immediate family matters . 
 the children needed to be fed and stories needed to be told . 
 it was a private evening in the royal chambers with most of the attention on the three children . 
 betty 's boy , being the oldest , seemed to lead , but even heather 's baby followed the activity intently . 
 the king and his queen 's young son cared not that his playmate was not of royal blood . 
 the joy of family was obvious and the evening grew late all too soon . 
 with the rising of the sun daniel and heather left to meet with captain cook . 
 heather had insisted the meeting be held in the guard station at the main gate , for she feared yet for daniel . 
 captain cook and elrod were waiting when they arrived . 
 all of those on duty left the guard station and elrod posted himself as sentry outside the door . 
 captain cook , dressed in formal uniform , bowed his head in recognition and said , `` it is an honor to see you again , princess . 
 i would expect your visit will involve another voyage . '' 
 heather but nodded her head before saying , `` i would travel to the south . '' 
 `` to the island of the flightless bird ? '' 
 heather was quiet for a moment as she wrestled with her intuition before replying , `` i expect much further south . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` a voyage of discovery ? '' 
 heather chewed on her lower lip before replying . 
 `` no . 
 a voyage of rescue . '' 
 she continued , `` they have seen danger for king jason and the others . 
 my grandmother has visited and ordered me to journey forth . '' 
 it was captain cook 's turn for a moment of silence before he replied , `` i and my crew are pledged to your service and mean to honor that pledge . '' 
 he then added , `` i have added the second cannon of daniel 's to the ship and secured a supply of the iron balls but have almost no powder left . '' 
 daniel spoke up for the first time , saying , `` there is but little powder in stock , but what those of the forest have will be arriving soon . '' 
 heather asked , `` when will you be ready to set sail ? '' 
 `` the ship and the crew are ready , but for such a voyage more supplies will be needed . 
 with permission to obtain the supplies we could be ready in two days time . '' 
 heather replied , `` plan on sailing at daybreak on the day following the morrow . '' 
 she then looked down slightly before adding , `` we travel with a baby and small child . '' 
 captain cook accepted this , saying , `` children adapt easily to life aboard ship . 
 the danger of the sea is present , but i would assume other dangers are of greater concern . '' 
 he added , `` it is not uncommon for the free traders to travel with their families aboard . '' 
 the meeting was about to end when captain cook asked , `` i need to know the size of your party . '' 
 heather replied , `` we traveled as a party of fifty , but i would expect a few more of the forest to arrive and elrod most certainly will want to join us . 
 i would plan on sixty passengers total . '' 
 captain cook but nodded his head and said , `` we sail in two days at first light . '' 
 daniel and heather returned to the royal chambers and joined the rest in the breaking of the fast . 
 it was midmorning before she and her father met with his advisers . 
 many questions were asked but heather had few answers . 
 those of the northern kingdom understood not the spirits of the forest . 
 heather listened politely to all the reasons why she should not journey to the unknown lands . 
 at the end of the meeting she simply announced , `` i sail on the dawn following the morrow . '' 
 well before dawn on their day of departure the whole of the palace was awake and active . 
 the breaking of the fast seemed to occur just a few hours after the evening of storytelling had ended . 
 tears flowed freely as heather and her family left the palace and were joined by those of the forest . 
 when they arrived at the gate , elrod was dressed for travel and began another monologue about how his wife martha had insisted that he travel with the princess . 
 those of the forest who knew not elrod were amazed at his ability to continuously talk . 
 when he slowed enough in his talk , heather simply said , `` you may join us . '' 
 elrod joined in the group which traveled in what appeared a very disorganized fashion , with a few always ranging ahead and a few others straggling behind . 
 heather was taking no chances of another attack on daniel . 
 they were traveling through the city of her father but those of the forest traveled as if they were in enemy territory . 
 they arrived at the ship without incident and boarded just as the first show of daylight began to be seen in the clouds to the east . 
 as elrod assumed responsibility for settling the crew , heather checked with captain cook to make sure the supplies were adequate . 
 captain cook responded , `` supplies are adequate for three months ' journey if we are careful . 
 the powder arrived late yesterday afternoon . '' 
 soon the order was given to cast off the lines and their ship began to pick up speed as it headed for the sea . 
 by nightfall they reached the point where the river melded with the ocean and across the bar they sailed . 
 as captain cook had predicted , the little ones traveled without difficulty . 
 the winds were favorable and they sailed south just out of sight of land . 
 heather again took command during daylight and the sailors soon adapted to taking orders from someone who was nursing her baby . 
 only mild rain showers and squalls of wind were encountered and they made better time than on their last journey . 
 in three and one-half weeks of travel they were nearing the passage which separated the land of larby 's people and the island of the flightless bird . 
 betty awoke somewhat distraught and immediately sought out heather . 
 they completed their morning ritual together and provided care for the little ones before heather had time to listen . 
 betty said , `` i saw darkness coming from the east . '' 
 heather tried to figure out what she was talking about to no avail . 
 betty finally stood her tallest , and chewing hard on her lip , said , `` i am just a little one and do n't know what it means . 
 i know it scary . '' 
 she added , `` we should warn larby 's people . '' 
 heather looked long and hard at betty and saw both fear and certainty in her face . 
 she replied , `` i will inform captain cook . 
 have elrod meet me topside to plan our defense . '' 
 heather presented to relieve captain cook and advised him that they needed to stop at the land of larby 's people . 
 he asked , `` you think it is safe ? '' 
 heather responded , `` no , but it appears we must stop anyway , for betty has had another vision . '' 
 she continued , `` i would we prepared for possible battle . '' 
 the hunters prepared their bows and the sailors prepared the cannons . 
 captain cook consulted the charts and gave heather a new course heading before going down for some rest . 
 he said only , `` wake me when land is sighted . 
 i have only a sketch of what the harbor entrance looks like . 
 it may be hard to find . '' 
 daniel spent the morning with the young priest examining captain cook 's chart and comparing it to the images the young priest had stored in his mind . 
 during the time larby had spent at the monastery , he had drawn more pictures of his homeland and described them . 
 the entrance to the harbor was but a small slot in the wall of the cliffs that faced the ocean . 
 even in their small boats larby 's people would not challenge the rocks and riptides at low tide . 
 just north of the entrance was an island they called `` the waiting island . '' 
 if needed , they would hide in the shelter of this island until the tides were proper for return to their homes . 
 it was just a few hours by sail or paddle from the shelter to the entrance of the harbor . 
 it was midday before the lookout sighted the headlands which marked the northern approach to the harbor . 
 captain cook was informed and returned topside . 
 he was struggling to determine his position when daniel explained what he had learned from the young priest . 
 captain cook listened attentively while gently shaking his head . 
 he responded , `` i can not believe i 'm going to again trust my ship to the mysticism of a priest . '' 
 he turned towards the young priest and said , `` you i trust , for you seem not like the others of your kind . 
 i would you stay here as we approach this island and repeat again the words you remember . '' 
 as they approached the island slowly from the north the young priest repeated the words he remembered : `` the water is fair and deep near the island but rocky and foul shoreside . 
 anchorage is not secure and a watch must be kept , for the winds change . 
 when the tide is nearing high , the center of the passage into the harbor is open and safe . '' 
 the captain ordered the sails reduced as they slowly approached the island . 
 the crew kept sounding the depth using a line and stone , and as the young priest had said , the water was safe . 
 the tide was past high and darkness was but a few hours away . 
 captain cook gave the order to lower the anchor and drop all sails . 
 when the anchor had set , the watch was posted . 
 heather had finished feeding her baby and returned topside . 
 she asked , `` could a boat be put ashore on the mainland ? '' 
 captain cook responded only after examining the shoreline carefully . 
 `` a boat could be landed but what then ? '' 
 heather responded , `` i would have those of the forest scout ahead . '' 
 `` you would have them climb that cliff ? '' 
 heather nodded in the affirmative saying , `` if those of the forest are willing and able it would be best . '' 
 several of the forest were examining the cliff and said , `` if we can use a light line from the ship the cliff can be scaled . '' 
 heather said , `` i would that four of the forest set out and scout the defenses that those of the red may have erected . 
 we would expect to pick you up shortly after dawn so that we can use the tide to enter the harbor . '' 
 those of the forest chose amongst themselves and the four chosen prepared their equipment . 
 the sailors lowered one of the boats and those of the forest were taken across the small waterway to a small beach where they landed . 
 the beach was almost completely covered at high tide . 
 the sailors advised those of the forest , `` you may need to get wet in order to return . '' 
 those of the forest acknowledged the warning and climbed onto land for the first time in several weeks . 
 they felt real joy at having solid rock beneath their feet , but noticed that if they closed their eyes the world would roll as if they were aboard the ship . 
 they wasted little time and began their ascent of the cliff , which was composed of different layers of rock , some of which appeared markedly eroded and others very sound . 
 the series of ledges thus produced made for a relatively easy ascent . 
 then they were gone from sight . 
 aboard ship it was mostly a time of waiting with a checking and rechecking of their weapons and other preparations . 
 daniel was fascinated by the layers of rock he was seeing and so wished he could explore them , but was trapped aboard the boat . 
 heather too felt confined but used the time to practice with her sword . 
 her right arm remained stiff and somewhat weak from an injury sustained during an earlier battle . 
 she found it easier to control the sword with her left arm . 
 she practiced holding a knife in her right hand and using the sword in her left . 
 this produced a better sense of balance but she definitely lacked the finesse she had enjoyed before the injury to her right arm . 
 betty interrupted her practice , bringing her baby forth who was demanding to be fed . 
 heather sheathed her weapons and resumed the role of mother . 
 the night passed slowly , and as dawn approached the boat was lowered and those of the forest retrieved . 
 they were in high spirits as they returned to the ship . 
 they reported to heather that a catapult was mounted on the cliff overlooking the harbor . 
 they explained that it was unguarded , so they took the liberty of slicing almost completely through both the launching and the controlling ropes . 
 there were no other ships to be seen . 
 they then described the harbor , which was large enough for only six or seven ships of their size and connected through the cliff by a very tiny channel . 
 the people lived in stone homes carved into the soft layer of stone about a quarter way up the cliff . 
 a more traditional building seemed to house those of the red and was adjacent to a dock structure . 
 the boats of larby 's people were simply pulled ashore on the small beach . 
 heather and the captain received the report and heather thanked those of the forest for their efforts . 
 she and captain cook then conferred only briefly before the order was given to hoist the anchor and raise the sails . 
 slowly the ship moved forward , and with but an hour and a half of sail they spotted the cleft in the cliffs . 
 captain cook lowered the sails to half and cautiously made his way into the narrow channel . 
 the water was indeed deep in the center but to either side rocks were visible a stone 's throw away from the ship . 
 once they entered the harbor the sea breeze almost disappeared , as they very slowly made their way to the center of the harbor . 
 again the anchor was dropped . 
 they could hear the sounding of a horn which came from the building that housed those of the red . 
 soon a boat departed the dock and made its way towards the ship . 
 standing in the front was an important looking man dressed all in red . 
 the sailors manning the oars wore uniforms with red stripes across the shoulders . 
 in the rear stood another manning the rudder and chanting the rhythm for the rowing . 
 watching them approach , heather said to the captain , `` perhaps you should wear your uniform jacket . 
 i will have the young priest translate for us but i would the nature of our mission not be known by those of the red . '' 
 she then added , `` those of the red have some sort of myth about a warrior with golden hair . 
 if you need to explain under whose authority you sail , it may be best to use this myth . '' 
 captain cook disappeared for but a few minutes and returned looking quite official . 
 they were flying no flag and the official approaching became obviously concerned when he saw the cannons . 
 they stopped an arrow shot away and the official spoke up , saying , `` i am the royal councilor representing the scarlet king . 
 you will identify yourself and state your mission . '' 
 captain cook responded , `` i am captain of the ship and would speak to the people of this land . '' 
 this was translated directly by the young priest into the high speech of those of the red . 
 the official responded , `` do you sail under the authority of the scarlet king ? '' 
 `` i sail under the authority of heather with the golden hair . '' 
 at this point heather stepped forward with her hair blowing in the gentle breeze but spoke not . 
 the official was quiet for a moment before announcing , `` this land has been claimed for the scarlet king and you must depart immediately . '' 
 heather now spoke in the language of those of the red , saying , `` i come in peace to speak with the people of this land and mean you no harm . '' 
 she added , `` i intend to fulfill my mission . '' 
 the official hesitated before pointing towards the catapult saying , `` you will depart immediately or be destroyed . '' 
 heather spoke quietly to captain cook , saying , `` i would we demonstrate daniel 's cannon . 
 could you land a shot just to the left of their building ? '' 
 captain cook was smiling as he stepped back and gave orders to his crew to prepare to fire and selected a rock pile to the left of the building . 
 he nodded their readiness to heather who then spoke to the official , `` i would you surrender now . '' 
 the official began speaking so fast that even the young priest could not translate . 
 he waved a flag as a signal to those manning the catapult . 
 heather turned towards captain cook who said simply , `` fire . '' 
 the roar of the cannon reverberated amongst the cliff walls and the smoke and fire from the muzzle of the cannon obscured temporarily the view of the official in the boat . 
 those watching the catapult gave a cheer as the machine itself collapsed because of the damaged ropes . 
 heather turned her attention back to the official and repeated , `` i would you surrender now . '' 
 the force of the cannon had rocked the ship enough to create waves which had forced the official to sit down . 
 he arose not but simply replied , `` i have not the authority to surrender but will submit to capture . '' 
 captain cook asked quietly , `` what is the difference ? '' 
 heather responded , `` i would expect it is a question of honor . 
 it would seem that the scarlet king does not tolerate failure and those under his rule fear this greatly . '' 
 heather spoke to the official , `` you and all of your party from this point forward will be confined to your compound . 
 we will transfer you to the care of the army serving under don the great , who has agreed to a peace treaty , as soon as possible . '' 
 as the official returned to his building compound , daniel asked , `` now what do we do ? '' 
 heather chewed on her lip before replying , `` i think now we will wait and allow larby 's people to come to us . '' 
 all of larby 's people had disappeared with the firing of the cannon and only slowly did they again appear in the doorways of their homes . 
 fishermen returned from the sea and gave wide berth to their ship . 
 it was only late in the afternoon that a boat approached again . 
 this time it was a simple canoe paddled by a single young man . 
 he reached within hailing distance but said not . 
 heather had the young priest call out , `` we bring you news of larby and come in peace . '' 
 the young man stared at them before nodding his head and returning to shore . 
 soon another small boat departed the shore carrying three people . 
 the elderly female sat in the front while two others paddled . 
 they came close to the side of the ship and she spoke up saying , `` i would hear the news of larby . '' 
 heather had the young priest explain how larby was rescued a year prior from the island of the flightless bird . 
 heather then asked if she would be willing to come aboard . 
 the lady agreed and the ladder was lowered over the side . 
 despite her age the woman climbed the ladder easily . 
 she was assisted onto the deck and the boat pulled away , staying within calling distance . 
 betty came forward and smelled the woman before speaking like larby , saying , `` you smell of larby . 
 are you his mother ? '' 
 tears began to flow from the old woman and she but nodded her head in affirmation . 
 betty held her hand and some of the tension drained from the woman 's face . 
 she asked , `` does my son really still live ? '' 
 betty said not but simply looked into the woman 's eyes and smiled . 
 more of the tension drained from the woman 's face and her eyes were now filled with tears of joy . 
 she reached over with her other hand and covered betty 's small hands asking , `` is he here ? '' 
 betty looked at heather who said , `` your son travels to the south and we are on our way to meet with him . 
 we bring news of the war and defeat of those of the red but also of another danger . 
 i would speak with your people . '' 
 the woman listened to the young priest 's translation and responded , `` i will speak to my people . '' 
 she arose and prepared to descend the ladder , adding , '' you have brought happiness to an old woman , may you be blessed by the god of the sea . '' 
 it was midday of the following day before their ship was again approached by the same young man whom they had first seen . 
 he said simply , `` the elders would hear your story . '' 
 as captain cook had a boat lowered , heather chose those to accompany her . 
 she had not to choose betty , who was already prepared . 
 the young priest would be needed as a translator and of course daniel would want to come just to experience a new people . 
 but then who would be left to care for the little ones ? 
 betty spoke up saying , `` they will like our babies , we should bring them with . '' 
 captain cook counseled that some danger was present , but heather responded , `` i would trust these people , for they have suffered much . 
 we will go forward in good faith . '' 
 the sailors maneuvered their boat next to a low stone wall which served as a loading platform . 
 before heather and the others departed they were advised that the shallow water meant they could only be returned to the ship at high tide . 
 heather acknowledged and thanked the sailors and her group climbed on to the stone wall . 
 a small party was waiting for them on shore . 
 they spoke not but simply turned and began walking across the rocky beach towards the cliff face . 
 there they stood next to a ladder , which led to the first ledge of rock which was red in color . 
 as daniel was climbing the ladder he was feeling the texture of the rock and even tasted a piece trying to determine its nature . 
 at the first ledge they were directed to the right to another ladder which led to a wider ledge on which the houses were built . 
 the rock here was white in color and seemed soft to the touch . 
 the cliff ledge above acted as an overhang , providing a natural roof . 
 they were directed through a small doorway covered only by the skin of an animal into a chamber which was cut into the soft rock . 
 the only light was through a small window which was covered by a very thin skin . 
 in the center of the room were gathered six figures . 
 an elderly male stood and spoke in the language of larby 's people , `` we would hear your story and of larby . '' 
 he then pointed to a low bench built of reeds and branches . 
 heather remained standing while the others sat behind her . 
 she summarized their encounters with those of the red and their voyage of exploration . 
 her facial expression told the story of larby 's infection far better than the words the young priest translated . 
 the details of the war were very brief and then she began explaining how the treaty was to be negotiated . 
 the elders nodded in appreciation when they heard that larby was included in the delegation . 
 by now betty 's boy and heather 's baby were both tired of being held and were soon set free to explore their surroundings . 
 the elders kept their attention mostly on heather but could not help but smile at the antics of the little ones . 
 soon toys made from small pieces of wood and bone began to appear as others would enter and leave the room . 
 when heather had finished her story the spokesman of the elders said , `` we will now share in the gifts of the god of the sea , and after hear of this warning you bring . '' 
 without any command obviously given , food began to arrive . 
 they were served bowls of fish soup along with a bread-like substance . 
 they sipped the soup directly from the bowl , emulating the action of the elders . 
 daniel asked how the bread substance was made . 
 one of the women who was serving replied , `` the seeds of the great grass of the sea are harvested , dried and ground . 
 when mixed with a little water and allowed to sit for two days it is ready for baking . '' 
 daniel thanked her saying , `` i would learn more of your foods , for you appear healthy despite the burden imposed by those of the red . '' 
 heather discreetly nursed her baby while they ate ; betty 's child seemed to just keep eating , which pleased their host greatly . 
 when the meal was complete heather was asked to explain the threat she saw . 
 she again stood but spoke somewhat more softly and with less confidence saying , `` betty has had a vision of a darkness coming from the east which has frightened her greatly . 
 we know not what this darkness is but i would assume it is an invasion . 
 those of the red were driven from their native country by another invading people and i fear they may be again invading . '' 
 the elders of larby 's people conferred quietly amongst themselves before asking , `` why should we be concerned that an enemy of our enemy may be approaching ? '' 
 heather chewed on her lower lip before replying , `` this enemy may be far worse and result in the total destruction of our societies . '' 
 again the elders conferred quietly before asking , `` what would you have us do ? '' 
 heather carefully chose her words before replying . 
 `` you are people of the sea , not warriors . 
 your role is to survive and serve as eyes on the sea to warn those who are warriors . '' 
 she continued , `` your people and my people are descendants of those who survived the last invasion . 
 we need to prepare so that we survive if another invasion does occur . '' 
 she was silent for a while before continuing , `` your homeland is now known . 
 i would you prepare other secret homes which could be used if the invasion occurs . '' 
 another of the elders stood and spoke , saying , `` this is the home of my ancestors and i would it be the home of my descendants . 
 our stories tell of the time when our people lived entirely aboard their boats . 
 this we can do again if need be . '' 
 he then glanced at the other elders before continuing , `` if we are to be the eyes of the sea , how do we communicate with you from the north ? '' 
 heather spoke quietly to betty before replying , `` betty can hear the mind of the one who is the mother of larby . 
 for now we must depend on this ability , but for the future we need to establish trade -- for our homes are an entire moon cycle of sailing north of here . '' 
 further conversation stopped when the sound of the boat 's whistle was heard . 
 as everyone looked out , another ship was seen entering the harbor . 
 it was a ship of those of the red flying a green and white flag . 
 heather could clearly see captain cook preparing the cannons . 
 she said , `` i must return to the ship . '' 
 larby 's people helped her descend the ladder , and the young man who had first approached them prepared his boat . 
 daniel was holding their baby . 
 heather hugged them both before climbing aboard the small craft saying , `` hide here until we are sure it is safe . '' 
 by the time heather was again aboard ship , the second ship had dropped anchor and was displaying no sign of hostility . 
 soon a boat was lowered and began to approach their ship . 
 standing in front was a sailor in formal uniform who announced as they approached , `` we sail under the flag of don the great and seek only information of the envoys from the distant lands . '' 
 captain cook responded , `` i am captain of this vessel and sail under the authority of heather with the golden hair . 
 we also seek those who sailed as envoys from our lands . '' 
 the sailor was obviously scrutinizing their ship , with those of the forest perched in the rigging with their bows ready and the cannons pointed at their ship . 
 he replied , `` i will inform my captain . '' 
 with that the order was given and the boat turned back to the second ship . 
 they watched in silence for but a short time before captain cook said , `` if you wish the others to rejoin us we need to send the boat now before the tide drops further . '' 
 heather considered the risk and decided having the others aboard was worth the risk and the boat was lowered to retrieve them . 
 heather 's baby announced their return with his demand to be fed . 
 they waited not long before the boat on the second ship again returned , this time with an officer aboard . 
 as they approached within hailing distance the sailor called out , `` the captain of our ship acting for don the great wishes to speak to your captain . '' 
 captain cook had the call returned by the boatswain 's mate : `` permission to come aboard for the captain of your ship . '' 
 the ladder was lowered and the ship 's officer dressed in the uniform of red ascended the ladder . 
 he arrived on deck and stood silently until captain cook approached . 
 he then said in the high language of those of the red , `` i sail under the authority of don the great searching for the envoys of the distant lands who were forced from our lands by political intrigue . 
 he seeks knowledge of their safety and has offered my services to ensure their safety . '' 
 heather stepped forward and replied with her limited ability in the high language , `` i accept your offer . 
 i would we confer at table . '' 
 the captain of the red signaled his boat and replied , `` as you wish . '' 
 with the young priest acting as the interpreter , the captain of the red had soon told the story of the political intrigue and the escape of their friends . 
 daniel had to nod in appreciation of jeremy 's use of his cloth trick in the escape but said not . 
 when the captain had finished his presentation heather asked , `` you sail under the authority of don the great , and of your loyalty to your scarlet king ? '' 
 the captain was obviously uncomfortable with the question , but was able to face heather directly and replied , `` i have sworn my loyalty to the king but not to those who would usurp the power of the king . 
 it is my judgment that the actions of don the great represent the real goals of the throne and therefore i sail under his authority and the green and white flag . '' 
 heather asked , `` and the rest of the military ? '' 
 `` the palace guard remains under direct control of the king but they are limited to the palace itself . 
 the remaining military force is working under don the great in preparation . '' 
 heather asked , `` from the darkness arising in the east ? '' 
 the captain just stared at heather before replying , `` yes , the black ships have been spotted to our east . '' 
 heather responded not to his inquiring look but instead told him of the local command and their submission to capture . 
 she then discussed the need to protect larby 's people so they could act as eyes of the sea . 
 she asked , `` would the local commander pledge loyalty to your flag ? '' 
 the captain responded , `` i know him not . 
 if he is a true military man he will pledge loyalty to don the great in his service of the scarlet king . '' 
 heather then told the captain how the spirits of the forest have connected betty and edna . 
 by this connection they knew that their friends were yet far to the south and east of them . 
 the captain listened intensely and replied , `` i had hoped their voyage had succeeded in rounding the cape before the great storm hit . 
 that they have survived such a storm is great testimony to your god 's power . '' 
 he added , `` the waters to the south and east are not friendly , with many islands without anchorage and reefs just below the surface . '' 
 heather nodded , saying , `` the spirits of the forest have sent us to help them . 
 we depart at the high tide on the day following the morrow . 
 sail you with us ? '' 
 the captain responded , `` i am pledged to your service at the request of don the great . 
 i will need to take on fresh water and food if it is available . 
 we will be ready to sail . '' 
 heather responded , `` let us meet with the base commander tomorrow , and if it is successful , with the elders of these people of the sea . 
 a treaty between them would improve security for all . '' 
 the meeting with the base commander followed the breaking of the fast and was held at their compound . 
 he was troubled not at pledging allegiance to the green and white flag , but seemed uncomfortable in reaching a treaty with the local peoples whom they had abused so severely . 
 heather said , `` the survival of our peoples may depend upon this cooperation . 
 i will talk with these people of the sea . 
 they are not a vengeful people and understand the danger . 
 i think they will cooperate . '' 
 as the captain and the base commander worked out the issues for local defense , heather met with the elders again . 
 she explained the principles of trade which would be required for the food they would provide to those of the red . 
 they talked about how to plan for an evacuation if necessary , and more importantly , advanced warning . 
 they shared the midday meal before the discussions were completed . 
 in the end they agreed to work in peace with those of the red . 
 as heather was preparing to return to the ship , larby 's mother presented her with a small carving , saying , `` this is the talisman with which i have prayed to the god of the sea for my son . 
 i would you keep it . '' 
 heather accepted the gift and in return took a small metal pin from her cape . 
 she gave it to the elderly lady , saying , `` this is from the forest and with it i wish you the protection of the spirits of the forest . '' 
 the young man who had first presented to their ship was waiting for heather . 
 he was dressed for travel and said only , `` i would travel with you . '' 
 heather thought for a minute and agreed , saying , `` you may travel with us but there is probably great danger . '' 
 he replied only , `` i am the listener . 
 the god of the sea sends me , so i go . '' 
 chapter 6 with favorable winds larby was able to make their ship sail reasonably well . 
 jason took charge of navigation and spent long periods immersed in the charts the captain had left behind . 
 he was forever comparing the positions of the stars and the sun with the compass trying to estimate their position . 
 larby assumed command of the helm at night and jason during the day , with others helping us much as they could . 
 it was not that they were short of manpower but rather very short on training . 
 even the envoys from the northern kingdom who were not used to work pitched in by manning the pumps as needed . 
 the handling of the sails was left mostly to larby and jeremy with edna occasionally helping despite her bad knee . 
 they sailed for two weeks to the south with only rare glimpses of mountains to the west . 
 the charts showed many reefs around the cape , and jason wished to make his turn far enough out to sea so as to avoid the reefs . 
 they sailed for two additional days before he agreed to head west . 
 larby was becoming worried , for the sky was changing . 
 the sun still shone but there was a pinkness to the dawn which unsettled him . 
 the sailing was now more difficult , for they needed to tack back and forth into the wind . 
 jason was having far greater trouble figuring their position ; the stars no longer shifted but rather the time of sunrise . 
 on the third day the winds began to increase and clouds could be seen on the horizon . 
 jason had given the order to turn back to the north , and with the winds on the reach they were now making good headway . 
 the charts had indicated a single mountain which formed the cape itself . 
 it was their landmark for safety . 
 behind the mountain was a small harbor for shelter . 
 jeremy stayed atop the mast , straining his eyes looking for the mountain . 
 when he looked back to the south and west he saw the clouds changing and the darkness developing . 
 jason was checking and rechecking his figures while edna managed the helm to the best of her ability . 
 jason would frequently call up , reminding jeremy to be looking to the northeast , to which jeremy would reply , `` i am looking . 
 there is nothing but water and clouds to be seen . '' 
 the afternoon was getting late and jason was frustrated ; according to his figuring the mountain had to be visible . 
 he was about to call up yet again to jeremy when jeremy began screaming , `` i see it ! 
 ahead and to the right ! '' 
 the yelling brought larby topside , but he looked not at the mountain but at the wall of clouds approaching . 
 jeremy could feel the change in the air from his perch atop the mast . 
 it was as if his hair was trying to stand up on its own . 
 larby immediately took command , telling jeremy to lower the main sail . 
 he had edna turn the helm and bring the ship about . 
 with the main sail down he next had the storm sail raised and all other sails lowered and secured . 
 jason had no sooner asked why they needed to change directions when the first flash of lightning and crash of thunder occurred in the distance . 
 larby said simply , `` a whirling storm approaches . 
 we can not make the harbor . '' 
 jason wanted to learn more about the whirling storms , but for now he let larby take charge for he was of the sea . 
 edna did her best to control the helm but she did not have the instinct to respond to the waves . 
 jason took over from her . 
 larby seemed to be everywhere aboard ship making sure everything was secure and all hatches tightly closed . 
 he said only , `` we will try and run before the storm but it will be not pleasant . '' 
 the day still had a few hours left when darkness descended upon them . 
 with it came the rain and the thunder and lightning . 
 the winds began to blow violently and the seas began to lose definition as the wind sheared off the tops of the waves and turned them into froth . 
 only larby and jason were left topside as their ship was tossed about like a leaf . 
 conversation as such was not possible , for the wind and the crashing of the waves obscured all words not yelled directly into the others ' ears . 
 those below did their best to keep from being thrown about with the crashing of the ship , but all were bruised and many bleeding . 
 the pumps needed to be manned , as the waves crashing over the ship would leak through the deck hatches . 
 it was all those below could do to keep up with a single task . 
 for what must have seemed like the longest day that ever existed , the wind blew and blew . 
 suddenly the wind stopped and the sun was visible . 
 the waves were no longer being pushed by the wind , but they continued being formed and pushed by some invisible force . 
 larby began to inspect the ship and let out an epitaph when he realized the mast had broken and was being held only by their storm sail lines . 
 he and jason struggled to free the lines without losing the broken portion overboard . 
 they were successful in freeing the lines , but the sea claimed the majority of their mast . 
 there were left only with a small stub , which he doubted would give them enough control to sail . 
 larby had jason call jeremy for help at the helm . 
 jeremy saw the bright sky and sunshine and began thanking the god of the sacred water . 
 larby spoke sharply , `` thank your god of the sacred water not yet for the worst of the storm is yet to come . 
 you must man the helm while we make a sea anchor . '' 
 jeremy did his best to keep the ship pointed with the waves , for without a sail for power the ship responded very poorly . 
 larby was tying knots furiously creating a large basket out of their storm sail . 
 he kept looking up to the southwest judging the speed at which the line of clouds was approaching . 
 finally he said , `` it is the best we can do . 
 now it will be up to the god of the sea . '' 
 he and jason dragged the adapted sail forward and he secured the anchor line to it . 
 he then yelled at jeremy to turn into the seas but jeremy could hear not . 
 jason carefully made his way back to the helm , holding on at all times , and took over turning the boat very slowly into the waves . 
 larby began letting out the line of the sea anchor which filled quickly . 
 their anchor line was short because of their escape but it was all they had . 
 when the anchor line became fully taut , the ship pointed directly into the waves and rode a little less wildly . 
 new flashes of lightning could be seen approaching . 
 larby simply said , `` we have done our best and now it is up to the god of the sea . '' 
 when they were below , jason asked of the device larby had made . 
 larby responded , `` it is called a sea anchor and will slow the drift of our ship . '' 
 he added , `` the back side of the whirling storms is usually worse because the wind begins to shift direction and the waves know not how to respond . '' 
 jason asked why the wind had ceased to blow for a while , and larby responded , `` it is the eye of the god of the sea which you have seen . 
 it is only seen in the center of the great whirling storms . '' 
 he spoke no more but simply fell asleep wedged against the bulkhead . 
 the others fared not so well with the sickness of the sea being uncontrolled . 
 even those who were not initially sick could no longer take the stench . 
 for an additional day and night they were tossed about by the storm . 
 with dawn on the third day the storm finally began to abate . 
 larby was topside arranging containers to collect as much water as he could from the remaining showers . 
 he was soon joined by jason , who breathed the fresh air and could not help but fill his nostrils and chest with the freshness of the sea . 
 he was soon at work with his numbers , trying to figure out where they were . 
 by using the angle of the sun , which was peeking through the clouds , he knew that they had drifted significantly to the south but could not tell how far to the east they had traveled . 
 it was midday before jeremy and edna felt well enough to join them . 
 they too filled their lungs with fresh air and edna said , `` to be free of the stench is truly a blessing of the god of the sacred water . '' 
 larby replied , `` a blessing it may be but we are now adrift in an unknown sea . 
 hopefully the god of the sea will bless us with landfall so we may repair our ship . '' 
 jason began asking questions about how the wind shifted during the storm , but larby had few answers , saying only , `` the wind swirls around and if it started in the south it usually ends in the north , but only the god of the sea knows for sure . '' 
 larby put jeremy and edna to work organizing what was left of their sails and deck equipment . 
 it was late in the afternoon when they finally turned their attention to the broken mast , which now stood less than two man heights above the deck . 
 they had on board a spare spar , which if attached to the broken mast would give them a minimal amount of sail . 
 control and balance of the sails would be very limited but at least they would be able to make some headway . 
 making the connection was the difficult part , and they spent the evening trying to figure an appropriate method . 
 jason 's suggestion was to split the top of the remaining mast into sections and then force the spar into the split . 
 after the breaking of the fast , work commenced on the mast repair . 
 the tools of the shipwright were in good shape , and with a few hours of work jeremy had sawed the mast vertically into four sections for a length of three feet . 
 the chisels were used to create a somewhat hollow center between the sections . 
 with effort they were able to pry these apart and insert wedges , which allowed the spar to be inserted . 
 larby then took charge , using rope to carefully and tightly compress the wedges against the spar . 
 by midday the work was done and a small sail was secured to their makeshift mast . 
 gradually the boat began to turn and make headway , which allowed them to retrieve the sea anchor . 
 they were again under way , if ever so slowly , and larby asked jason , `` what course to steer ? '' 
 jason looked up from his numbers and said , `` i would expect we need to sail west by northwest but for how long i have no idea . '' 
 for the length of one moon cycle they slowly made their way west by northwest . 
 larby became almost a tyrant about the need to conserve their water and to capture any rainwater that the rare shower would bring . 
 his skill as a fisherman provided just enough food to keep them going . 
 the heat was oppressive and the boredom overwhelming . 
 it was only jason who was always busy either working with his numbers or reading the books he had found in the captain 's cabin . 
 he complained not and would eat less than his share , saying , `` i come with plenty of reserve . 
 worry not about me . '' 
 when land was finally cited off in the distance many refused to believe it was real . 
 jason was concerned because it was to the south of their course and he had expected land to appear to the north . 
 it mattered not and their course was changed . 
 slowly they made their way towards the land they had sighted . 
 the change in direction had slowed their course even more and they inched ever so slowly towards the land . 
 darkness was falling and they had covered little of the distance separating them from the land . 
 they continued to sail during the night and the morning light brought a great relief when the land was very evident . 
 it appeared to be an island of relatively large size but they could see no distinguishing features from this distance . 
 as the day wore on and they gradually closed the distance , they could see cliffs arising directly from the sea . 
 they sailed as close as larby dared but saw no place to anchor and land . 
 they continued to sail around the island with only rocks to greet their eyes . 
 as they started around the windward side the black clouds on the horizon became evident to everyone . 
 another storm was brewing and the memory of the sickness from the last storm was enough to force everyone to pray for a safe landing site . 
 on the windward side there was a definite break in the cliffs with a small opening visible . 
 they were unable to tell if it was an opening into a harbor or a stream which had cut down through the rock . 
 flashes of lightning could now be seen in the approaching cloudbank . 
 larby spoke up , saying , `` i fear this landing is not safe . 
 we must trust ourselves to the sea . '' 
 others complained that they could not survive another storm and the landing looked safe to them . 
 all eyes turned to jason for the final decision . 
 jason looked at the storm and asked larby , `` is the storm another whirling storm ? '' 
 larby shrugged his shoulders and said , `` i feel not the energy of the whirling storm but only the god of the sea knows for sure . '' 
 jason thought for several moments before saying , `` i would we approach the opening in the cliffs for a closer look . '' 
 he then asked , `` could we not lower the boat and check the opening ? '' 
 larby responded , `` i would expect the storm to be upon us before then . '' 
 jeremy asked , `` if we stay at sea will not the storm force us from this land ? '' 
 larby said , `` as is the will of the god of the sea . '' 
 they were close enough now to see if there actually was an opening in the cliffs . 
 there appeared to be water extending inland , but they could determine not if it was river or harbor . 
 jason glanced once more at the approaching storm and made his decision , saying , `` with the grace of the god of the sacred water , let us test this landing . '' 
 larby said not but simply turned the helm , directing the ship towards the narrow opening in the cliffs . 
 the wind and waves were now behind them and they speeded up significantly as they approached the cliffside . 
 as they got closer the opening appeared to not grow any larger , and jason began to have second thoughts , but they were committed . 
 they had not enough power in their sail to turn and escape . 
 as the waves and wind drove them forward , they could see water breaking against the rocks on the side . 
 larby intently studied the surface of the water . 
 at the last instant he cranked the helm to port and the ship heeled sharply , knocking jason off his feet . 
 jason arose just in time to see the large rock just under the water that larby had avoided . 
 he was not so successful with the next rock , which smashed against the side of their keel , but the next wave lifted the ship free and propelled it forward . 
 suddenly the cliff opened up and they were in a natural harbor . 
 larby had jeremy drop the sail , and he turned the ship into the wind . 
 when the ship had slowed sufficiently he ordered their makeshift anchor lowered . 
 the water was surprisingly deep and most of the anchor rode was played out before the anchor hit bottom . 
 everyone held their breath while the ship slowly began to swing on the anchor . 
 after several moments larby said , `` the anchor holds . '' 
 as everyone began to cheer , he added , '' i trust it not . 
 for the water is deep and our line short . '' 
 jeremy immediately wanted to go ashore but it was obvious that the storm was about to break . 
 jason said , `` i share your desire but the darkness and the storm are upon us . 
 let us wait for the light of the morrow and for now give thanks to the god of the sacred water . '' 
 all went below for protection from the storm and to celebrate except for larby , who stayed at the helm . 
 the rain came and the winds howled . 
 but their shelter was good and the waves reached them not . 
 for the better part of an hour larby watched and the anchor held . 
 as darkness became complete he gave up the watch and went below , but with an uneasy feeling in his heart . 
 the stories that evening were told with far greater vigor and the overall atmosphere was dramatically improved . 
 jason finally announced , `` if we are to begin exploring at first light i would suggest some rest for all . '' 
 as everyone gradually left the mess area , jason asked larby , `` should the watch be posted ? '' 
 larby responded , `` it is a dark night , there is nothing to watch . 
 the anchor holds or not , as is the will of god of the sea . '' 
 jason put his hand on larby shoulder saying , `` i understood your reasoning for wanting to stay at sea but i feared the others would not fare well . 
 your judgment has served us well and i thank you . '' 
 larby but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` mine is but one voice . 
 your decision was valid ; now we will see . '' 
 it was nearing dawn and the storm was finally blowing itself out and the wind began to shift . 
 the change in the sound of the waves lapping against the side of the ship awakened larby . 
 he made his way topside and tried to see if the anchor was dragging but the night was too dark . 
 he made his way forward and sat with his hand on the anchor rode , feeling the strain of the line as the ship responded to the wind and small waves . 
 he was almost asleep sitting there monitoring the tension when a change occurred . 
 the anchor rode no longer pulsed with the waves but rather moved in fits and starts . 
 he was now instantly awake . 
 he could detect no change in their position but the anchor rode would catch for but a brief moment and then release . 
 there was no doubt but they were dragging anchor . 
 as larby sat monitoring the anchor rode , trying to wish the anchor to grab and hold , he heard movement and soon was joined by jason . 
 jason said only , `` the change awoke me . '' 
 larby responded , `` the anchor may yet hold . '' 
 `` if not ? '' 
 `` the shore is rocky but if we can ground the ship at the stern there may be hope to save her . '' 
 jason pondered the consequences of the decision he had made and trembled at the responsibility he bore . 
 to be stranded in unknown waters now appeared to be a far worse option than having faced the storm . 
 larby sensed his anguish and said , `` your decision was valid , for our ship was wounded and she may not have survived the storm . '' 
 jason squeezed the listener 's shoulder in appreciation and said simply , `` i will awaken the others and have them prepare . '' 
 larby continued his vigil as the winds continued to howl . 
 their harbor protected them from the crashing seas , but the winds found their way over the cliffs , becoming much disorganized . 
 the gust would blow first one direction and then another almost like the whirling storms . 
 the anchor would grab hold and larby 's hopes would rise only to have the wind change and the anchor break free again . 
 even in the howling wind larby could hear the surf breaking against the rocks , but the darkness kept hidden the danger . 
 as the others were assembling on the deck larby noticed a lightness to the side . 
 by staring intently he was able to make out the luminescence of the surf line . 
 they were approaching broadside . 
 larby ran to the helm as fast as his peg leg would allow . 
 the ship slowly responded to his frantic efforts on the helm and the bow turned away ever so slightly from the surf line . 
 the dragging anchor provided just enough resistance for the rudder to respond to the waves . 
 their wait was not long until the first scraping sounds were heard . 
 the waves though small carried forth the energy of the storm that had been raging outside . 
 with each wave the ship would rise and move further on to the rocks before settling down ever harder . 
 those on board had to hang on to avoid being thrown about , as the crashing became ever more violent and the sound of breaking timbers echoed throughout . 
 when it seemed as if their ship was about to be smashed completely apart , and those aboard cast into the rocks , something changed . 
 a wave much larger than the others picked their ship up and pushed it to the very top of the surf line . 
 now only the largest of the waves could lift their ship and only produced a violent rocking without the crashing and breaking of timbers . 
 the near silence was enough to bring a cheer of joy from those aboard . 
 now they needed to wait for daylight . 
 jason had jeremy take one of the lamps and go below to inspect the ship 's hull . 
 he soon returned , reporting , `` the bilge is flooded and water is over the floorboards but seems not to be increasing . '' 
 their wait for the dawn was not long , and as the sky lightened to the east they began to make out features of the shoreline . 
 they had landed on a moderately steep slope with large boulders leading to a small cliff face . 
 large trees were evident above , but they resembled not the trees of the forest . 
 their trunks were covered by dried leaves which draped down , making them appear fur covered . 
 they grew straight up without branches ending in a canopy of fronds . 
 there was little vegetation other than the trees . 
 while jason was trying to make sense of the forest before him , jeremy was busy planning a way to get ashore . 
 the waves though small were enough to throw anyone attempting to swim to shore against the rocks . 
 the water seemed too shallow for their small boat and without an adequate place to land . 
 the boat was now healed over about thirty degrees towards the shore and jeremy was studying their makeshift mast . 
 it looked as if he could swing from a rope and land on one of the large rock outcroppings . 
 if he could secure the line then others could move ashore safely . 
 he presented his idea to jason , who asked , `` is the mast strong enough to carry your weight ? '' 
 jeremy replied , `` it was strong enough to sail our ship , and it will carry my weight . '' 
 after larby had checked all of the lines , jeremy secured a line from the top of the mast in a loop under his arms . 
 with a running start across the deck he swung out from the ship , almost reaching the rock outcropping before swinging back to the ship . 
 those on board caught him before he crashed into the base of the mast . 
 several more times he tried and came up just short of reaching the rock outcrop each time . 
 finally edna said , `` i am lighter and you could push me further . 
 let me try . '' 
 on the third try she was able to plant her feet on the rock outcropping . 
 now she needed to secure the line . 
 unfortunately the outcropping had a smooth top without anything to secure the line to . 
 she called back to the ship , `` i need a cleat or wood wedge to drive into a crack in the rock . '' 
 jeremy climbed to the top of the mast , which caused the ship to list even more , and tied a loop around the line leading to edna . 
 he then slid the wood wedge down the line . 
 the sag in the line caused the wedge to stop before reaching edna . 
 she and those in the boat had to shake the line to gradually move the wedge to within her reach . 
 when she had secured the wedge the best she could , she secured the line to the wedge . 
 now jeremy began sliding down the line with his legs crossed over the line and using his hands to lower himself . 
 he pulled along a second line somewhat heavier than the first . 
 with edna 's help he was able to pull himself up onto the rock outcropping . 
 they then began climbing the cliff and secured the heavier line to the base of one of the trees . 
 while jeremy and larby worked to secure additional lines , edna scouted the area looking for signs of danger . 
 there was no evidence of any human activity and many birds were present , but no other animals . 
 she scouted around their natural harbor but left the further exploration for later . 
 when the rope ladder was completed , the remainder of their crew came ashore with jason waiting until the last . 
 they brought ashore only that which they could carry easily . 
 the first order of business was to provide shelter , and only after that task was complete did they begin to move more of their stores ashore . 
 edna and jeremy were assigned the responsibility to complete a survey of the island looking for more suitable shelter . 
 jason insisted that the trunk of books he had found in the captain 's cabin be brought ashore , and they struggled greatly moving it along the rope ladder . 
 by nightfall they had secured the majority of their stores and edna and jeremy had returned . 
 larby had provided fish for the meal along with seaweed which he had harvested . 
 it was a satisfying meal although somewhat meager . 
 the stories around the campfire seemed more genuine when told with the flickering of the light from the campfire . 
 everyone was tired and sleep came easily despite the persistent sensation of rocking they perceived as their bodies became accustomed again to the land . 
 with the morning light came the sounds of the birds , which made further sleep impossible . 
 after the breaking of the fast jason set off with jeremy and edna to continue the survey of the island . 
 he brought along a tablet of paper and was busy sketching all of the strange plants and birds he saw . 
 this slowed the progress of exploration markedly , and edna finally said , `` let us work as a team with one scouting ahead and one working with jason to document what is new . '' 
 for those of the forest the island was a half-day walk across , but for jason , who was so busy drawing , it would take a week to cross the island . 
 on the far side of the island in the lee of the wind , there was an overhanging ledge which created several small caves . 
 it looked out to sea but had not the safety of the harbor . 
 the shore was reached only by scaling the cliff , but a small beach area was present at low tides . 
 they arrived back at the main camp after darkness had fully developed . 
 the others had already begun the evening meal . 
 only after the meal was finished did they report what they had found . 
 jason was most excited about having seen many new birds , but those listening were most interested in the comfort and safety the caves represented . 
 they discussed at length the work involved in moving their camp and all decided the effort was worth it . 
 larby expressed his concern about leaving the ship , and jason agreed that the ship represented a valuable resource . 
 he doubted the ship would ever again float but the planks aboard the ship could be used to build other boats . 
 a compromise was reached and the main camp would be moved , but a work party would be kept to harvest as much lumber as possible from the ship . 
 the peace delegates from the north and south kingdoms had never been involved with physical labor , and the move was particularly hard for them despite the help from the others . 
 larby and one of the guards stayed behind to work on harvesting materials for a boat . 
 jeremy and edna became the primary providers , using their skills as hunters to provide meat enough for everyone . 
 jeremy was forever experimenting with the roots and seeds they found , trying to determine what was edible . 
 the caves were small but well protected after they had erected walls of driftwood and fronds from the trees . 
 they had a central cooking and eating area . 
 jason continually encouraged those who had never worked to participate more fully in the general welfare of the group , but they did so only with ongoing complaints , for this was a life for which they had no preparation . 
 jason himself had become a major contributor of eggs and edible plants . 
 his huge bulk had decreased markedly and he found himself enjoying the physical exertion of exploration and collecting . 
 they had been on the island for a full moon cycle when a small boat was seen approaching . 
 aboard were larby and the guard who had been working with him at the ship . 
 they beached the boat to cheering from all . 
 they had adapted the small captain 's skiff from their ship by adding a deeper keel and used a spar from their ship as the mast . 
 the boat now supported two small logs on either side that were held out by booms crossing the boat . 
 there was a fore and aft sail which larby dropped as they beached the boat . 
 that evening larby told the group that he planned on setting sail by himself , trying to locate his people and secure their rescue . 
 when jason asked how he would find his way , larby responded , `` i will sail as my people have always done , using the currents and waves to find land and the stars to guide at night . '' 
 he continued , `` i will sail outbound for two weeks and then return if i have not found my people . '' 
 jason asked , `` you can hold supplies for a four week journey in the small boat ? '' 
 larby said , `` i will require only containers to store water and line for fishing . 
 the sea will provide what i need . '' 
 jason was greatly troubled by the risk larby was taking but knew not what other choice they had . 
 he said , `` if you would sail for your homeland i would expect it to lie yet to the north and somewhat west . 
 we have not any charts for these waters but the stars are yet too low in the sky . '' 
 he then asked , `` how will you navigate without the compass ? '' 
 larby replied , `` my people have always navigated without the compass . 
 i will let the god of the sea set my course . '' 
 larby explained how he was unable to feel the ocean properly while aboard the ship and needed the compass . 
 in his small boat the currents and waves would tell him where the great cape was and from there his home . 
 that evening the stories had a mixture of sadness and hope as they prepared for larby 's departure . 
 with the morning light larby loaded his small boat with containers for holding water and his fishing supplies . 
 with the outgoing tide he departed . 
 those left marooned behind stood silently and watched as the small sail filled with wind and the distance between them and larby grew ever larger . 
 all too soon the boat was lost from sight and those ashore went back to surviving . 
 every day food needed to be collected and firewood obtained . 
 their diet continued to be a mix of things from the sea and from the land . 
 many of the birds were barely palatable because of their strong fishy flavor , and the eggs were becoming harder to obtain as the season progressed . 
 jeremy and jason worked diligently to find edible plants to supplement their diet . 
 jeremy was always willing to try eating a little of almost anything despite edna 's warnings . 
 the major find was that the large fruit of some of the trees had a large central nut with good flavor . 
 the center of the nut was filled with a milky fluid which seemed quite satisfying . 
 another of the trees produced a hard black nut which could be cracked open only with a stone . 
 jeremy and edna spent the morning harvesting the nuts and trying different ways of opening them without smashing the contents . 
 one of the nuts was partially cracked opened and he used his teeth to finish opening it . 
 edna heard the sound of a cracking tooth and the grimace on jeremy 's face was proof . 
 as jeremy reached into his mouth and removed half of the tooth , edna said , `` jeremy of issip , by the god of the sacred water you must learn to be more careful ! '' 
 she then asked , `` are you bleeding ? '' 
 jeremy replied , `` no , but it does hurt a bit . 
 i guess using our teeth may not be the best idea , but the nuts do taste good . '' 
 that evening the stories were a little less colorful because jeremy was in a somewhat dour mood due to the pain of his broken tooth . 
 edna did manage to entertain everyone with the story of its breaking . 
 chapter 7 as larby sailed away he was concentrating so hard on trimming his sails that when he finally looked back , his friends were no longer visible and the island was disappearing into the curvature of the ocean . 
 using the sun as his reference he sailed north by northwest . 
 the little boat was responding well , and when he finally had the sails trimmed just right it sailed itself , veering only a few degrees one way or the other from his intended course . 
 it was midafternoon before he let out his fishing line ; darkness was approaching before dinner tugged back on the line . 
 after larby had pulled in the small mackerel-like fish he thanked it , saying , `` a blessing from the god of the sea that you were willing to continue your existence in the nourishment of this poor sailor . '' 
 with that a sharp rap to the head ended the fish 's struggle . 
 larby cleaned the fish , taking care to first eat the area of the thyroid as was the custom of his people . 
 he then cut thin strips , which he laid out to dry , and only when this was finished did he eat his fill . 
 the stars were now out and he studied them hard until he was comfortable with their positions and changed his course not . 
 he slept propped up against the side of the hull with his hand near the rudder . 
 he would occasionally awaken and check the stars but for the most part slept soundly . 
 in the morning he again fully raised the sails and ate some of the partially dried fish with small amounts of his precious water . 
 it was midday when he spotted a small floating matt of seaweed and dropped the sails . 
 he carefully sorted through the matt , finding several handfuls of edible seeds and a few shrimp-like critters which he immediately ate . 
 the sun was hot and he kept himself covered with his loose fitting clothing and large straw hat . 
 he limited his activity during the heat of the day so as to limit his water needs . 
 his stomach was not yet accustomed to a diet of raw fish and he used his bucket many times . 
 the sea was beginning to talk to him again . 
 he could feel the waves and their subtle changes much better , which allowed him to steer with limited reference to the sun or stars . 
 the loneliness of being so alone in the vastness of the sea had not yet begun to wear upon him , but he knew from experience that his biggest danger was succumbing to this loneliness . 
 as the days wore on he followed the rituals of his people , taking time each day for personal hygiene and thanking the god of the sea whenever a shower provided him fresh water or the sea food . 
 every morning before eating he carved a small notch in the gunnel of his boat . 
 maintaining the sense of time was ever so important to one so isolated in the immensity of the sea . 
 on the fifth day larby glimpsed something in the distance as his small boat rode the crest of a wave . 
 he knew not what he saw , but knew something was sharing the ocean with him . 
 he dropped his sails and released a small sea anchor to keep the boat stable . 
 he stared off in the distance and would occasionally get a glimpse of something when he was at the peak of a wave . 
 he decided to climb his mast for a better look , but first attached a safety loop of rope around himself and the mast ; for if he fell overboard there would be no rescue . 
 as larby shimmied up the mast the pendulum movement of the boat increased but it bothered him not . 
 when he reached the top he looked intently off in the distance . 
 as his boat crested another way he spotted several ships far in the distance . 
 even in the distance it was obvious that they were all black , even the sails . 
 they were headed in a northeasterly direction . 
 as he slid down his mast larby asked out loud , `` should i seek help if i could even reach them ? '' 
 no one answered and larby sat at his helm trying to decide what to do . 
 an image of betty entered his mind and brought a smile to his face . 
 she spoke not , but her look of concern was enough to convince him to continue his course and avoid the black ships . 
 he raised enough sails to resume his course , but hopefully not enough to be seen by those of the black ships . 
 on the tenth day , after a relatively intense storm had passed by , which had kept him awake most of the night , he noticed the first change in the waves . 
 the harmonics of the ocean swells had changed . 
 he was feeling an echo of the waves as they bounced off land somewhere ahead and to the left of his present course . 
 larby would 've been unable to put into words the change he felt , but it was as if a musical instrument had suddenly slightly changed its pitch and rhythm . 
 he automatically reacted to the change : by rebalancing the sails , he changed his course slightly . 
 the monotony of life alone at sea continued , with the harvesting of food and the maintaining of his people 's rituals occupying only part of his time . 
 the rest of the time he spent carving intricate figures along the gunnels of the boat or just existing in almost a state of blankness . 
 the seas were becoming much more disorganized as the competing harmonies intensified . 
 larby knew instinctively that he was nearing the great cape and veered slightly further to the west . 
 the fishing had also improved and he required only minimal effort to obtain food for the day . 
 the unsettled seas complicated his life because the boat would no longer sail itself , and he was forever needing to make small changes with the rudder . 
 this meant that his nights were now composed of short naps . 
 when the clouds obscured the stars in the sky all he could do was drop sails and wait . 
 when larby finally spotted the cape , it felt as if he were already home despite the fact that it would be two more days ' sail before his village was reached . 
 now he reacted instinctively to the waves , following the sea 's course to his home . 
 *** daniel and heather sat together as heather took her turn at the helm . 
 daniel spent his time writing in his journal of the many things he had seen in the village of larby 's people . 
 they had made good time since leaving the harbor with favorable winds . 
 heather kept glancing back over their stern , checking the position of their fellow travelers from those of the red . 
 the afternoon sun was getting low when betty suddenly came from below , crying . 
 heather tried to calm her while maintaining the helm , and with daniel 's help finally soothed her enough to understand what she was trying to say . 
 betty repeated , for the third time , `` you must stop , you are scaring him away . '' 
 daniel asked , `` who are we scaring away ? '' 
 `` larby . '' 
 heather asked , `` you hear larby ? '' 
 betty finally stopped crying and said , `` he close but scared of our ships . '' 
 heather scanned the horizon and could see nothing but the sea and asked , `` where is he ? '' 
 betty just waved towards the southeast saying , `` he somewhere over there . '' 
 heather chewed on her lip for just a moment before turning the helm sharply to the port and calling out for the sails to be dropped . 
 as the boat came about it headed into the wind . 
 heather adjusted the helm to keep the boat locked in irons where it could sail not but just held this position . 
 the ship following began signaling with her flags . 
 heather knew not what the flags meant but captain cook had sensed the change and awakened . 
 he now assumed command and had his boson respond with the appropriate flags . 
 their fellow travelers brought their ship about , staying a good distance apart . 
 now they just waited , but the strain had gone from betty 's face . 
 heather had one of the hunters climb the mast to look out for larby ; it was not long before his small boat was spotted . 
 larby approached not at first , but when the ships came about he stopped fleeing towards the coast . 
 he had an image of betty in his mind which brought him comfort , but he knew not whether he should approach the ships . 
 he could sense that betty was trying to tell him something but he was unsure and somewhat afraid . 
 only as the sun began its final descent towards the sea did he make his decision and again raise the sails heading towards the ships . 
 he needed to approach fairly closely before he recognized the cannons of the ship that sailed for heather . 
 darkness was closing in quickly as he approached the ship and saw betty leaning over the rail . 
 a line was lowered , which he used to secure his boat , then he made his way quickly up the rope ladder which was lowered . 
 his joy at seeing betty was obvious to all , and everyone left them somewhat alone for a few moments . 
 the approach of the captain 's skiff from the other ship disrupted the reunion . 
 the captain was brought aboard and immediately recognized larby from their previous journey . 
 he was rightly confused as to what was going on but waited patiently for heather to explain . 
 he was not sure he really believed in the spirits of the forest , but there was no doubting the presence of larby . 
 the seas and winds were both mild and the captains agreed they could just hold their positions until morning light . 
 the watches were posted and the captain of the red joined them for the evening meal and the telling of stories . 
 it was not until the serving of the food that larby became aware of the other of his people aboard the ship . 
 the young man acknowledged larby by simply saying , `` you live . '' 
 larby 's face betrayed a distinct pleasure at seeing this young man , but he responded only , `` we will talk at morning light . '' 
 larby told their story in a quiet manner without the drama of one of jeremy 's stories , but it was a story well told . 
 the young priest translated for the captain of the red . 
 when larby described the five ships of black , the captain 's concern could not be concealed . 
 he kept wanting more information but larby had given all he knew . 
 when larby had finished his story , heather and daniel departed with the captain of the red to meet with captain cook topside . 
 the captain of the red was obviously very concerned , saying , `` the black ships have never been reported so far west before . 
 i would know why . '' 
 heather responded , `` i would expect they are exploring , looking for more ways to approach your city for their attack . '' 
 she then added , `` i fear this exploration may bode for hard times for all of our peoples . '' 
 the evening grew late , but yet the talk continued until finally the captain of the red said , `` i must sleep on this knowledge , for i am torn between continuing our voyage together and reporting back to don the great . '' 
 when heather had completed her morning ritual and taken care of her baby , she went topside and arrived in time to see the listener from larby 's village sailing off towards his homeland in larby 's boat . 
 she asked larby , `` why has he left ? '' 
 larby shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` he has seen my journey and returns to our village to share the knowledge . '' 
 heather asked , `` how could he see your journey ? '' 
 larby explained , `` he is the one of the village who is gifted by the god of the sea to see things . 
 he knows now of my voyage and will be able to share the knowledge of how the sea felt so others can follow . '' 
 heather asked , `` you navigate by feeling the sea ? '' 
 larby nodded his head , saying , `` the stars and the sun are important also , but the feeling of the sea and how the waves change is the most important thing . '' 
 their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of the captain of the red . 
 they broke fast together and resumed their planning . 
 he reported , `` if the one you call larby can guide you back to the island of the shipwreck , the emissaries will be rescued . 
 i sense that returning to my homeland and bringing news of the westerly movement of the black ships may be critical to our defense . '' 
 heather was quiet for a bit as she chewed on her lip , thinking . 
 she finally responded , `` i agree with your assessment . 
 i would we establish some method of communication . '' 
 the captain spoke up almost immediately , saying , `` i could have my junior navigator travel with you and he could be a messenger . '' 
 heather asked , `` this is one we can trust ? '' 
 a smile crossed the captain 's face as he replied , `` i would expect so , for he is my son . '' 
 heather 's eyebrows went up slightly as she heard this and she replied , `` i would it be possible to meet with the one you call don the great after we have rescued our friends . '' 
 she added , `` i would think outside your great city in order to ensure our safety . '' 
 it was now the captain 's turn for thought . 
 he finally spoke . 
 `` there are traders , actually smugglers , who use protected anchorages to the west of the city . 
 it would be possible for you to put ashore there and meet with don the great somewhere outside of the city walls if it is his wish . '' 
 by midmorning the planning was complete and the captain returned to his ship . 
 shortly thereafter the captain 's launch returned carrying a young officer holding a roll of charts . 
 he had a sailor 's bag over his shoulder . 
 he grabbed hold of the rope ladder , and while maintaining a firm grip on his roll of charts , climbed the ladder . 
 when he reached the rail he accepted the offered hand to help boost him over but relinquished not his grip on the charts . 
 once aboard he set his bag down and stood at attention until captain cook presented , at which time he saluted crisply and said in the language of those of the red , `` i present myself for service to you and your ship in the name of our scarlet king . '' 
 the young priest translated and captain cook responded , `` i sail under the authority of the one you call heather with the golden hair . 
 do you pledge your service to her also ? '' 
 the young man looked up at heather . 
 there was a look of anxiety on his face as he replied , `` and to the warrior we call heather with the golden hair . '' 
 captain cook said , `` i welcome you aboard . 
 we have much to learn from each other but first we need to learn to communicate directly . '' 
 he pointed towards the young priest saying , `` this one speaks many languages and he will be your teacher to learn our language . 
 your responsibilities in addition to the language studies will be to assist in navigation and hopefully we can learn from each other . '' 
 the young man nodded in agreement and picked up his bag to follow the young priest to his berth . 
 captain cook began giving orders and soon the sails were again raised and the ship continued to the south . 
 the ships sailed long together until they came to the great cape . 
 the captain of the red turned at this time to the north to return to his homeland and report the presence of the black ships . 
 heather and those of the forest continued to the south guided by larby 's sense of direction . 
 larby had taken to laying at the very prow of the boat to better feel the waves . 
 the young navigator spent his time documenting their position on his charts . 
 the weather held , and other than occasional showers the journey was pleasant . 
 during the breaking of the fast on the fifth day betty informed heather that she had heard edna in her sleep . 
 heather asked , `` is she well ? '' 
 betty replied with her mouth full of food , `` she okay . 
 jeremy sick . 
 hopes we get there soon . '' 
 it was two more days before larby finally felt the change in the waves and announced , `` the island is ahead and a bit to port . '' 
 a slight correction was made in their course and it was late afternoon when the lookout finally spotted the island . 
 he called down from the lookout , `` smoke ahead and slightly to port . '' 
 on the island jason had organized a watch on the highest hill , which was cleared of trees to improve visibility . 
 during daylight hours someone manned the hill watching for larby and keeping a small smoky fire burning . 
 edna was completing her watch , having stared at the blank ocean for the past six hours . 
 with nothing to do but feed an occasional stick to the fire , her mind kept returning to jeremy and his illness . 
 the swelling from his broken tooth had increased so much that he could no longer swallow any food . 
 to breathe he had to sit forward , and sleep was getting almost impossible . 
 he suffered greatly and she was able to do little to provide him comfort . 
 with her mind in a turmoil , she heard betty not and could not tell help was so close . 
 the sound of someone approaching brought her back to the present and she added another stick of green wood to the fire . 
 listening to the steps she figured it was jason arriving , for even though he was now much smaller his footsteps remained heavy . 
 when jason emerged into the clearing he greeted edna by asking , `` anything ? '' 
 edna replied , `` the sea remains empty . '' 
 she then asked , `` could i speak to you about a matter ? '' 
 jason nodded in the affirmative and did a quick scan of the sea before turning his attention back to edna . 
 she spoke not for some time before quietly asking , `` what if help arrives not in time for jeremy ? '' 
 jason said , `` your jeremy is strong ; i think he will survive . 
 i have found a few herbs which should help but i am a healer not . '' 
 again edna was quiet before continuing , `` other than the two little ones who are servants , i am the only woman in the group . 
 without jeremy how would i cope with so many men ? '' 
 it was now jason 's turn for quiet reflection . 
 he said not and edna accepted his quietness , willing to just allow the problem the thoughts that it deserved . 
 soon they were talking about other matters involved in their rescue but the discussion soon returned to jeremy . 
 jason finally said , `` i know not what will be , but i promise you my complete loyalty and pledge to protect you at all cost . '' 
 tears filled edna 's eyes and she stood and turned to depart down the trail . 
 something glinted in her eyes as she moved and she rubbed the tears from them , assuming it was the tears . 
 as she glanced back again a glint was visible in the far distance to the north . 
 she said not but simply stared until she was sure . 
 jason followed her look but had not the eyes of a hunter and saw nothing . 
 edna ordered , `` add more wood and build the fire , they are coming . '' 
 jason did as he was told . 
 the smoke increased , but even with edna pointing he saw not a ship . 
 the increased smoke was noted by others of their group and several made their way to the lookout . 
 soon all could see the sail in the distance . 
 when finally smoke from the ship was seen , acknowledging their signal , a cheer went up . 
 edna raced down the hill to share the news with jeremy . 
 she found jeremy sitting in his makeshift chair , leaning forward and letting the drool drip from his swollen mouth into a simple pot they had made . 
 his eyes lit up only a little seeing edna , for the pain had dulled his senses to everything but the throbbing in his jaw . 
 his misery caused edna to rein in her excitement . 
 the pain was so evident in jeremy 's eyes she asked not how he was feeling , but simply said , `` they are coming . '' 
 jeremy replied in speech garbled as if his mouth was full of mud , `` who 's coming ? '' 
 edna sat in silence for a moment trying to let spirits of the forest into her mind before replying , `` i sense betty is near . 
 she would travel not without heather and with heather should be daniel . '' 
 jeremy nodded his head and mumbled something unintelligible . 
 only on the third attempt was edna able to make out , `` about time daniel showed up . 
 maybe he could make himself useful and do something about this toothache . '' 
 darkness was approaching as the ship came upon the lee side of the island , and those of jason 's party standing on the beach waved fiercely at them . 
 captain cook trusted the anchorage not , but was willing to sail close enough to allow a boat to be launched ; for betty was insisting that daniel needed to go help jeremy . 
 by the time larby guided the boat safely to shore it was the glow of the campfires which provided most of their light . 
 captain cook had already moved the ship offshore to the safety of deeper water . 
 daniel was helped from the boat and willing hands helped drag the boat high on the shore for safety from the rising tide . 
 everyone was talking at once except edna , who stood somewhat behind the rest , but daniel could sense her presence . 
 he looked up at her in the light of the campfires and she waved for him to follow . 
 carrying his pouch of surgical instruments and medicines , he followed her up the steep hill trail to the caves . 
 they entered the shallow cave and daniel found jeremy sitting as before , drooling . 
 jeremy lifted his eyes only a little on seeing his old friend and mumbled , `` about time . '' 
 edna told him that the swelling had begun after jeremy had broken this tooth trying to crack a nut . 
 daniel had the torches brought closer to jeremy and gently felt of his face and neck . 
 both sides were swollen but it was obviously the right side causing the major problem . 
 jeremy 's breathing was labored because the swelling was forcing his tongue back into his throat . 
 jeremy groaned repeatedly despite daniel 's efforts to be ever so gentle in feeling the swollen tissue , looking for the area where the purulence was most obvious . 
 he said to jeremy , `` well , my old friend , it looks like you have a bit of a problem and i 'm going to have to drain this infection . 
 it 's going to hurt because i ca n't give you any ether . '' 
 jeremy mumbled in reply , `` just get it done . '' 
 daniel stepped out into the darkness and took a few deep breaths before telling those outside to heat some water and bring more torches . 
 he would need an assistant but wanted edna to be spared the unpleasantness he expected . 
 edna left jeremy 's side and asked daniel , `` he will be all right , wo n't he ? '' 
 daniel gently squeezed her shoulder and said , `` he has what my grandfather described as angina of ludwig . 
 if i can drain the infection he will recover , but there will be much pain . '' 
 he then added , `` and much bleeding and stench , i am afraid . '' 
 edna asked , `` when will you drain this infection ? '' 
 `` now , for his breathing is greatly restricted . '' 
 edna responded with a bit of trepidation , `` i would help . '' 
 daniel again squeezed her shoulder saying , `` i would you help with the preparation and the care afterwards but another should help with the surgery . 
 for now you should stay at his side . '' 
 larby spoke up , saying simply , `` it is my turn to help . '' 
 daniel glanced at larby and nodded in agreement , knowing that larby was tough enough to withstand what he expected to see . 
 when the torches were gathered and the water heated , daniel began preparing his instruments by first soaking them in some of the concentrated sacred water he had brought . 
 his cloth strips were also soaked in the concentrated water . 
 he checked again the sharpness of his obsidian scalpel , and when he was finally ready , asked of jeremy , `` well , my friend , are you ready ? '' 
 jeremy had no more nodded his head in the affirmative when daniel used the scalpel to slice through his neck skin down to the under surface of the jawbone on the right side . 
 jeremy tried not to scream but the pain was so intense that he was only partially successful . 
 daniel ignored the bleeding he had caused , and after setting the scalpel down , told jeremy to take a deep breath . 
 as jeremy struggled to do as he was told , larby grabbed firmly of his head and shoulders . 
 daniel reached into the incision he had made with his finger and began probing the under surface of the jawbone until he reached the purulence collected . 
 he ignored the screams that came forth from jeremy , who had broken out in a most profuse cold sweat . 
 when the abscess began to drain , the air was filled with a foul stench . 
 this caused larby to relax his grip on jeremy , who started to pull away from daniel 's finger . 
 daniel spoke not but simply looked at larby to help him regain his concentration . 
 he then continued using his finger to expel the pus which had built up between the broken tooth and jeremy 's tongue . 
 jeremy was no longer screaming in pain but had slipped into a state of blankness . 
 the pain continued for what seemed an eternity to jeremy was but a few moments , and it ended with daniel packing the wound with strips of cloth soaked in the sacred water . 
 the packing controlled most of the bleeding . 
 daniel stretched and looking at larby asked , `` are you doing okay ? '' 
 larby spoke not but simply nodded his head . 
 but what he really wanted to do was escape the stench , the screaming , and the bleeding , and run freely to the sea to cleanse himself . 
 a look of fear crossed jeremy 's face as daniel again picked up his obsidian scalpel . 
 daniel said only , `` this one will not be so bad . '' 
 daniel nodded to larby , who tightened his grip on jeremy 's head and shoulders . 
 daniel had larby extend jeremy 's head back more and then made an incision underneath the forward chin . 
 the pain of the incision caused a small muffled scream from jeremy , but when daniel inserted his finger to probe for the pus , jeremy could control the screaming no more . 
 despite his illness , it was all larby could do to hold jeremy 's head still . 
 it was a smaller collection of pus but enough to again fill the air with a most putrid stench . 
 larby found himself holding his breath trying not to breathe to avoid the smell . 
 when his grip again began to relax , daniel spoke up , saying , `` breathe and hold his head . '' 
 larby was sweating as badly as jeremy at this point and it was all he could do to control his urge to run to the sea . 
 when daniel had finished using his finger to express all of the pus , he again packed the wound with strips of cloth soaked in the sacred water . 
 only then did he say to jeremy , `` well , my friend , hopefully you can now heal . '' 
 he began cleaning up his medical kit and told larby , `` i think you deserve some fresh air . 
 have edna come in and care for jeremy . '' 
 as larby was moving out of the cave , he turned and asked , `` was it as bad with my leg ? '' 
 daniel paused and looked up at larby before responding , `` similar , but the smell was maybe a little less putrid than this . '' 
 he added , `` you were also so ill that you could struggle not . '' 
 when edna entered the cave , she too was greeted by the overwhelming stench and could not control the gasp that escaped her lips . 
 jeremy looked up at her and mumbled a barely audible , `` our healer says he 's done torturing me now . 
 not sure i like this new perfume . '' 
 edna said not but simply stood behind jeremy and rubbed his shoulders . 
 daniel finished gathering up all the strips of cloth he had used to soak up the pus and said , `` i will burn these and the stench should dissipate quickly . 
 i 'll check back in a bit . '' 
 when daniel had left , edna spoke softly to jeremy , `` i would be with you even with your new perfume . '' 
 jeremy reached up and squeezed edna 's hand that was on his shoulder but said not . 
 edna said , `` i thank the god of the sacred water for daniel 's arrival but his surgery must have been terrible . '' 
 jeremy shrugged his shoulders and said only , `` daniel does what he must do . 
 i would prefer not to be his patient , but it is as the god of the sacred water has willed . '' 
 edna commented , `` your speech is better . 
 hopefully , getting rid of that putrid stuff will make you feel better . '' 
 `` the pressure is less intense , but the pain when swallowing persists . '' 
 daniel poked his head into the cave and asked , `` you doing okay ? '' 
 jeremy replied , `` i better be or you 'll cut me again . '' 
 daniel said , `` if i need to i will . 
 you need to start drinking some water . '' 
 `` it still hurts to swallow . '' 
 daniel replied , `` i want you to drink even if it does hurt . 
 they are making you some broth with some of the healing herbs that jason has found . '' 
 jeremy said , `` i think a glass of ale would be better for me . '' 
 daniel was quiet for minute before replying , `` you drink the broth and i 'll see what i can do about the ale . '' 
 jeremy raised his head up and said only , `` really ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` i think there are a few small kegs aboard the ship . 
 assuming they have not spoiled , it would be a good use of the ale . '' 
 `` been a long time since i 've had a good glass of ale . 
 i 'll drink your broth . '' 
 morning came and daniel checked on jeremy and edna . 
 jeremy was obviously breathing easier and no longer drooling . 
 daniel said , `` i will watch while you prepare for the day and break the fast . 
 bring back some more of the broth for jeremy . '' 
 as daniel was examining jeremy , his friend continued to complain about the probing , asking , `` do you have to push so hard ? '' 
 daniel answered not and instead had jeremy open his mouth . 
 when he put pressure on the broken tooth jeremy barely contained his scream . 
 jeremy again asked , `` did you really have to do that ? 
 i could 've told you it hurt . '' 
 daniel said simply , `` we must pull that tooth for you to heal . '' 
 jeremy could not control the look of fear that appeared on his face as he replied , `` i 'm not sure i like this idea . 
 how about we just try using the ale instead ? '' 
 daniel explained , `` the tooth is fairly loose and i think i can pull it without using a chisel . '' 
 he added , `` the ale will taste much better when the infected tooth is gone . '' 
 when edna returned she found her jeremy even less happy than when she had left . 
 as daniel explained his need for a strip of very thin sinew to wrap around the tooth , jeremy 's disposition seemed to deteriorate even further . 
 she spoke to jeremy , saying , `` jeremy of issip , if the tooth needs to come out it needs to come out . 
 i was afraid i was losing you and now there 's a chance for you to heal . 
 i would you stop complaining and get it over with . '' 
 without waiting for jeremy to reply , she left to search out the very thin , strong sinew that daniel needed . 
 she knew what she wanted : the wings of the large soaring bird had bands of very tough sinew . 
 it made the bird almost inedible . 
 she grabbed a bow and headed towards the cliff . 
 she lay on her back with the bow pointed toward the sky and waited . 
 the birds would soar along the edge of the cliff , rising above the edge before again diving down . 
 edna waited until one of the birds circled far enough in from the cliff for her to get a shot . 
 the first shot was a miss as was the second , but the birds seemed not alarmed and continued their soaring . 
 the third shot was a success and the bird tumbled from the sky , landing near the edge of the cliff . 
 edna quickly got up and grabbed the bird before its flopping threw it over the edge of the cliff . 
 it had a wingspan equal to her height and it resisted by trying to thrash edna with its wings . 
 a practiced jerk on the head ended the struggle . 
 edna returned to their camp with her prize , and with daniel 's help carefully pulled out the long sections of sinew which daniel split into smaller strings with his scalpel . 
 the sections he created were like flat ribbons , which were strong enough that he could break them not by pulling . 
 he told edna , `` make a marrow soup for jeremy . 
 we need to get some food into him . '' 
 larby had left in the boat to meet the ship , and daniel needed help . 
 jason was the unlucky choice because he had not yet left the campfire . 
 he agreed , saying only , `` i will do my best . '' 
 his anxiety was evident by the beads of sweat that showed up on his forehead almost immediately . 
 when they returned to jeremy he greeted them , `` why does it take two of you for one tooth ? '' 
 jason responded , `` it is your daniel 's idea that i help but i 'm not sure how much help i can be . '' 
 daniel positioned jeremy on his makeshift chair and had jason stand behind him . 
 he told jeremy , `` i need to wrap this sinew around your tooth . 
 it will cause some pain but will allow me enough traction hopefully to remove the tooth without using a chisel . 
 you must keep your mouth open and let me work . '' 
 with jason supporting jeremy 's head , daniel began pulling the sinew between the broken tooth and the adjacent healthy teeth . 
 the space was tight and daniel used a back-and-forth movement to force the ribbon between the teeth . 
 jeremy did his best , but could not help reaching up and grabbing daniel 's arm trying to stop him . 
 daniel said , `` jeremy , put your arm down or we will need to bind your arms . '' 
 jeremy was again sweating profusely but did as he was told , putting his hands under his legs . 
 daniel continued his work seemingly oblivious to the pain he was causing his friend . 
 only when he was satisfied with the position of the sinew , which he had looped around the tooth , did he stop and stretch . 
 he told jeremy , `` if this works , the worst is over . '' 
 jeremy wanted to ask him what happened if it did n't work , but decided he really did n't want to know because it apparently involved using a chisel . 
 when daniel asked him if he was ready , jeremy but nodded his head . 
 daniel looked up at jason , who tightened his grip on jeremy 's head . 
 daniel then carefully wrapped the free ends of the sinew around his right hand and shrugged his shoulders , loosening up his arm . 
 daniel told jeremy to open his mouth as wide as he could . 
 when jeremy had done as he was told , daniel gave a sudden violent jerk on the sinew and the broken tooth came flying out of jeremy 's mouth , striking the roof of the cave . 
 jeremy had not time enough to scream and it was over . 
 his mouth had the salty taste of fresh bleeding and his tongue immediately found the large hollow where the tooth had been . 
 daniel looked at jason , who had gone very pale , and said , `` i would you lay down now and take some deep breaths . '' 
 jason said , `` i think maybe outside would be better . 
 i am not made strong enough to be a healer . '' 
 when jason returned to the campfire edna asked , `` is he okay ? '' 
 jason replied , `` the tooth is out and your jeremy did better than i did . '' 
 edna said , `` we must thank the god of the sacred water for bringing daniel in time and i thank you for the help you gave . '' 
 when edna returned to the cave she found jeremy and daniel visiting as if nothing had happened , but she could tell that jeremy 's tunic was drenched from sweating . 
 jeremy greeted her , saying , `` well , i think daniel is done torturing me except he still has me stuffed with these rags . '' 
 he added , `` i think it is time for some ale . '' 
 edna could not help smiling with joy at hearing the positive tone in jeremy 's complaints . 
 she replied , `` i am making you some marrow soup . 
 larby is guiding the ship into the harbor so we will have to wait a few more hours for your ale . '' 
 jeremy rolled his eyes and complained , `` why is it that the ale always has to wait a few more hours ? '' 
 chapter 8 heather and the others of the forest much wished to go ashore but captain cook insisted instead on raising the sails and heading back to the safety of the sea for he trusted not the anchorage . 
 heather stood at the rail watching the campfire on the beach retreat ever further into the blackness of the night and could but wonder how jeremy was doing . 
 they could hear not the screams coming from the cave . 
 the stories being told following the evening meal interested heather not and she retired with baby geoffrey to her cabin . 
 in the solitude of her small space she could worry about daniel and the illness of jeremy without distraction . 
 baby geoffrey had other plans -- demanding to be fed . 
 breastfeeding relaxed her and when the baby fell asleep so did heather . 
 morning light found their ship many miles from the island . 
 captain cook had put the ship into `` irons '' by setting the sails to starboard but turning the rudder to port and pointing the ship into the wind , which had limited the drift of the ship . 
 by the time heather had completed her morning ritual , taken care of the needs of her baby and broken the morning fast , they had recovered over half the distance back to the island . 
 leaving her baby with betty , she went topside to meet with captain cook . 
 the brightness of the morning light made her squint her eyes ever so slightly . 
 she was greeted by a hearty , `` good morning , princess . '' 
 heather replied , '' and a good morning to you , captain . '' 
 the discussion immediately went to the problem of anchoring , and captain cook explained how the bottom felt as if it was a solid sheet of rock with nothing for the anchor to grab hold of . 
 heather finally asked , `` how else can we rescue them ? '' 
 captain cook rubbed his bearded chin and replied , `` we may need to use the harbor the one you call larby has told us of . '' 
 heather objected , saying , `` is the channel not foul with rocks ? '' 
 `` aye , so it is , but the moon is nearly full and we will be having big tides . 
 hopefully the high water will carry us safely through the channel . '' 
 he was not willing to risk their ship and crew to the changing winds of this location if the anchorage seemed unreliable . 
 while those onshore watched with growing impatience , captain cook and his crew repeatedly approached the shore , turning up wind and lowering the anchor . 
 they would then allow the ship to back down and the anchor would slip , forcing them to turn again out to sea after raising the anchor . 
 by midmorning it was obvious that anchoring would be impossible . 
 captain cook had the boat lowered from the ship and the crew commanded to return with larby . 
 the seas were fairly calm and yet returning to the ship was a challenge , for the rope ladder was swinging wildly at times . 
 captain cook 's apprehension did not diminish until larby , his crew and the boat were safely aboard . 
 he then gave the order to turn out to sea . 
 as they sailed towards the harbor on the windward side , captain cook asked larby , `` remember you the passage ? '' 
 larby cocked his head to the side and had a faraway look on his face . 
 after a moment of silence he replied simply , `` i remember . '' 
 he then described in detail the location of the rocks they had struck in their passage through the channel . 
 he explained , `` the passage is fair if you enter on the starboard side staying close to the cliff , and then cross over to the port side as you near the end of the channel . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` would it be worthwhile to explore again the passage before we do the crossing ? '' 
 larby but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` the rocks move not . '' 
 he then added , `` if this ship has a draft similar to the one we were on , passage should not be a problem . '' 
 as they approached the entrance to the harbor , the tide had already changed and had begun to run out of the harbor . 
 captain cook studied the entrance ; for all he was worth , he could not ascertain any reason to doubt larby . 
 he gave the order and the ship turned towards the starboard side of the channel . 
 the winds had increased with the tide change , which caused captain cook enough anxiety to partially lower the sails . 
 the ship was under far better control with the trained crew and captain cook at the helm , but still the wind and current seem to fight them as they made their way through the channel . 
 larby kept urging captain cook to sail closer to the cliffs on the starboard side . 
 it was all captain cook could do to bring his ship so close to the rocky cliffs . 
 when they neared the end of the channel larby had the captain make his way to the port side of the channel . 
 now the reduced sail limited their power because the winds had diminished markedly as they progressed through the channel . 
 it was as larby had said ; and after several intense minutes they were again in deep water inside the harbor . 
 a spontaneous cheer arose from the crew and those of the forest who had been watching . 
 once inside the harbor captain cook gave the order , `` prepare the anchor and lower the sails . '' 
 larby objected , saying , `` the other ship is secure and would make a satisfactory dock . '' 
 captain cook but nodded before replying , `` i expect what you say is true , but we have taken enough chances for the day . 
 from here we can easily ferry those on the island and refill our water tanks . '' 
 when the anchor was secure captain cook gave the order to lower the boats . 
 the first wave of those of the forest made their way to the damaged ship . 
 by climbing the rope ladder onto the damaged ship and from there across the rope bridge to the top of the cliff , they felt land beneath their feet for the first time in almost two moons . 
 as those of the forest gathered on the cliff top , they were all experiencing a feeling of unsteadiness as they developed again their land legs . 
 captain cook and his core crew stayed aboard along with heather , betty , and the little ones , while everyone else proceeded to the camp of those stranded . 
 they were soon met by a very excited edna . 
 everyone seemed to be talking at once , but edna soon noted the absence of heather and betty . 
 those of the forest explained that they trusted not carrying their babies across the rope bridge . 
 edna responded , `` we have many stories to tell but waiting another day would matter not . '' 
 she then remembered her mission and asked , `` have you any ale left aboard ? '' 
 one of the hunters from the forest said , `` i would expect that your request is connected to jeremy 's needs . '' 
 edna replied , `` daniel says he needs more liquids and that ale would be satisfactory . 
 my jeremy has had a hard time . '' 
 the hunter who had spoken up nodded and said , `` i will return to the ship and catch up with you , bringing jeremy 's medicine if any is available . '' 
 nightfall was approaching when the large and somewhat noisy group arrived at the camp of those stranded . 
 they were met with even more noise and confusion and the celebration began . 
 the food was simple fare of the sea and the land , but the celebration noticed this not , for the stories needed to be told . 
 jeremy , who still had some difficulty speaking and appeared gaunt and very pale , was disappointed that no ale had arrived . 
 edna told him , `` there may yet be hope for your ale . 
 you must be patient . '' 
 darkness had become complete before the hunter appeared at the campsite carrying a small keg . 
 with great ceremony he proceeded to set it in front of jeremy . 
 jeremy for once seemed to be without words and finally mumbled , `` i think there is now hope . '' 
 with trembling hands he worked the cork loose and smelled the ale . 
 he rocked back on his haunches and the smile on his face was evident as he replied , `` it remains sweet . '' 
 a mug from the ship appeared and he ever so gingerly poured himself a cup of the ale . 
 with the first sip the foam was evident on his upper lip and glistened with the light of the fire . 
 only after the second sip did jeremy speak up , saying , `` finally medicine from daniel that tastes good . '' 
 daniel spoke up saying , `` medicine it is , for your body needs much to rebuild what you have lost . '' 
 he then added , `` are you planning to share with the rest of us ? '' 
 jeremy looked around and there were many people at the campsite ; then he looked down at the small keg . 
 a look of anguish appeared on his face , for there was certainly not enough ale for even a sip by everyone . 
 edna came to his rescue , saying , `` i would that we share a mug of your medicine , leaving the rest to speed your recovery . '' 
 another mug appeared and jeremy ever so carefully filled it with ale . 
 the single mug was passed around to everyone , and each person touched it to their lips . 
 some took the smallest sip of the ale before passing it on . 
 when all but daniel had sipped from the mug , jeremy passed an almost empty mug to daniel , saying , `` i expect i owe you more than this small sip of ale for all the pain you caused . '' 
 daniel with great ceremony drained the cup and replied , saying , `` i expect our debts to each other far exceed our ability to pay . 
 i would , however , hear not the story of your changing into a bear again . '' 
 this produced rich laughter from those that knew the tale , but a look of bewilderment on those who knew it not . 
 jeremy objected , saying , `` told right it is a good story . '' 
 jason spoke up , saying , `` it is a good story but tonight we should hear the stories of our shipwreck and our rescue . '' 
 he then began a summary of all that had transpired since they had departed their homeland . 
 jeremy was content to simply listen and enjoy his ale . 
 both daniel and edna kept a close eye on him , and he had no sooner drained his second mug of ale when his eyes closed and he began to snore softly . 
 he had been resting against edna 's shoulder and now was asleep in her lap . 
 daniel removed his cape and draped it over jeremy . 
 he slept on as the stories continued . 
 in the morning preparations were made to secure supplies and transport jason and his shipmates back to the harbor . 
 the hunters were eager to apply their skills after the long voyage . 
 jason gave specific instructions as to which birds and how many they should harvest . 
 it took three days to restock the ship for the expanded number of passengers . 
 elrod took charge of arranging the ship for those rescued . 
 the already tight quarters were now quite cramped . 
 heather asked captain cook , `` have you any worries about the increased load ? '' 
 captain cook replied , `` ships are designed to carry freight . 
 our human cargo weighs very little but takes up a lot of space . 
 fresh water may be our biggest concern . '' 
 daniel returned to the ship to be with heather and their son . 
 they were soon joined by edna and jeremy , leaving the others to complete the work required . 
 jeremy 's ale supply was long since gone and his healing was progressing well . 
 daniel began removing the strips of cloth he had used for packing of the wounds . 
 now that jeremy felt better he was able to complain much more vigorously about the treatment he was undergoing . 
 daniel simply ignored him and twice a day removed a little of the packing . 
 jeremy asked , `` why do you torture me a little at a time ? 
 just remove the rags and be done with it . '' 
 daniel looked up not from his work , saying only , `` we must allow the wound to heal from the inside out to prevent the infection from recurring . '' 
 he added , `` a few more days and all of the strips will be out . '' 
 jeremy replied , `` i would rather face a bear than you and your instruments of torture . 
 just get on with it . '' 
 when they were done with the wound care , daniel was full of questions about the types of animals and plants jeremy had found . 
 jeremy 's descriptions were mostly of the eating qualities and where things were found . 
 it was not until jason and his book of drawings came aboard that daniel became fully aware of the strangeness of the island . 
 he and jason would sit for hours discussing the characteristics of some critter or plant that jason had drawn . 
 on the third day they prepared to cast off . 
 it was just after the high tide with little wind . 
 the current carried them swiftly towards the channel , but captain cook had difficulty staying to the edge of the channel and crossing over because the wind was so limited that it powered their sails only a little . 
 small whirlpools had formed with the heavy flow and looked as if they were trying to suck their ship into the depths . 
 the tides were getting smaller and the ship was heavier , so the fear of hitting the rocks in the center of the channel was greater . 
 larby became much agitated when the ship failed to reach the port side of the channel , and he yelled , `` rock ahead ! 
 come to port ! '' 
 captain cook did his best but there was just not enough wind to power their ship . 
 those on watch could see the large rock outcropping just below the surface . 
 as the ship approached , it was only the curve of the current that prevented a catastrophic collision . 
 the bending of the current carried the ship to the side , and they but scraped along the edge of the rock with their keel . 
 the force was enough to vibrate through the hull and cause their ship to lean sharply to starboard . 
 and then it was over and they were again in deep water . 
 captain cook ordered inspection of the bilges but felt the damage would be minimal . 
 he told heather , `` we were lucky . 
 i should have waited for better winds and a slack tide . '' 
 they settled into life at sea quickly enough . 
 elrod was following captain cook 's instructions and severely rationing their use of fresh water . 
 the weather was favorable and the boredom of an ocean crossing soon became an issue for most of the passengers . 
 heather spent her time with jason discussing the dangers that those of the black ships represented . 
 as they neared the great cape the young navigator became ever more important for his knowledge . 
 heather still trusted him not completely , but captain cook seemed to accept him as part of his crew . 
 a small cove two days ' journey from the great city was chosen as their landing site . 
 it was heather 's plan to go and meet the red ambassador accompanied only by a small troop of those of the forest . 
 jason , however , insisted that he accompany the mission and it seemed all of the forest also wished to accompany her . 
 only betty seemed content to stay aboard the ship , saying , `` i stay . 
 care for our babies . '' 
 jeremy was insisting that he was recovered fully and should accompany the troop . 
 daniel cautioned otherwise , and heather made the final decision . 
 she said , `` jeremy , i would you and twenty others of the forest stay with the ship to provide protection . '' 
 she then added , `` besides , daniel will need some company and there may yet be some ale aboard . '' 
 heather finally put an end to the discussion , saying , `` i go because my grandmother has commanded me . 
 i will not risk those who are so important to our future . '' 
 she finished by saying , `` jason you are a leader but not a warrior . 
 i would you stay with daniel aboard ship , and if danger presents to flee to our homeland . '' 
 she then continued to explain her plan of having those of the forest create a relay with their mirrors to maintain contact with the ship while it was at sea . 
 the day of the landing was busy as everyone prepared . 
 the young priest approached heather , saying , `` i would bother you not but i have found something in my memory which may be of use . '' 
 heather stopped her preparations and listened as the young priest recalled a memory picture of one of the scrolls in the cave of knowledge . 
 it was a description of the trail which led from the great city across the narrow peninsula to the ocean . 
 there was no image of a chart to go with the description . 
 the journey took the explorers on a west by northwest route over the mountain range , which created the peninsula . 
 the journey was accomplished in but seven days but not without the loss of life because of the rugged terrain . 
 when the young priest had finished , heather thanked him , saying , `` the description in your memory may be important , as it would allow us to move the army of the red back to their homes . '' 
 she then asked the young priest to accompany her as she sought out jason and captain cook . 
 captain cook insisted they include the young navigator and heather agreed . 
 as they worked with the charts trying to lay a course as described in the young priest 's memory , it appeared the trail if followed would end at the creek that supplied the fresh water to the cove where the army of the red was camped . 
 the young navigator knew not of any passage over the mountains , saying , `` the mountains are known to be impassable . '' 
 heather pushed him , asking , `` if somehow someone was able to cross the mountains , where would they end up ? '' 
 the young navigator studied his charts , comparing the recorded angle of the stars , and finally replied , `` if the mountains were crossed on a west by northwest course , then you would indeed arrive at the cove you mentioned . '' 
 jason was busy scribbling his own notes and numbers and finally spoke up , saying , `` i am no navigator but it would appear the peninsula is indeed very narrow and should be but a few days journey if not for the mountains . '' 
 land was now visible , and as captain cook prepared his crew and ship for the landing , heather met with those of the forest . 
 she sought out those willing to be scouts searching for the trail that the young priest had found in his mind . 
 when four had been chosen , she said only , `` may the god of the sacred water guide your way . 
 leave marks that only those of the forest will see . '' 
 jeremy again insisted that he should lead the scouts , but heather would hear not of it , saying only , `` your part is yet to be defined . 
 most certainly we will need your skills and you must do all you can to recover fully . '' 
 the lookouts above in the rigging saw no sign of life along the shore , and captain cook sailed his ship into the cove as directed by the young navigator . 
 the cove was deep but the bottom held the anchor well . 
 those of the forest were then ferried to shore and a perimeter was quickly established . 
 as more of those of the forest arrived onshore , the exploration of the surrounding lands proceeded quickly . 
 captain cook wished for more fresh water but no local source was found . 
 when it came time for heather to transfer to shore , the tears flowed not just from her eyes but also from daniel 's . 
 she held her baby close and covered it with kisses and her tears . 
 she handed the baby to daniel , who insisted on one final hug before releasing his wife . 
 as she climbed down the rope ladder to the waiting boat , her golden hair tended to float in the breeze . 
 by the time the boat pulled away from the ship her transformation from mother to warrior was begun , and when she climbed ashore on the rocky beach it was complete . 
 she heard the initial reports from the scouts but wasted no time before moving out . 
 they traveled light , depending on the land to sustain them . 
 the young navigator who accompanied them had never traveled with those of the forest and had great difficulty keeping up . 
 those of the forest worked hard to cover his tracks , but it was difficult for he wore hard boots and knew not how to travel without leaving signs . 
 water was in short supply and they detoured to a small spring , which the scouts had found , to refill their water skins . 
 at the first night 's camp their dinner consisted of game birds and a few rabbits added to their travel rations . 
 the stories were subdued and heather was tired from the preparation and travel , but mostly from being separated from daniel and her baby . 
 before retiring to her tent she told the young navigator , `` i would you allow those of the forest to carry your charts and possessions . 
 there are times when we may also need to carry you to prevent our trail from being found . '' 
 the young navigator spoke up , saying , `` i can manage . '' 
 heather smiled at him ever so gently in the campfire light and said , `` it is not your ability to carry a load that we need but your knowledge . 
 please do as i ask . '' 
 the young navigator 's face was red from embarrassment , but in the dim light no one could see this . 
 after but a moment 's silence he responded , `` i will do as you ask . '' 
 heather asked when they would see signs of the city . 
 the young navigator responded , `` in another day 's travel we will come to the edge of the agricultural lands , and from there it is another half day journey to the city . '' 
 heather explained , `` i would we not be known to those who work the land . 
 we will stay clear of the settled lands . 
 a few of the forest will accompany you to the city wall but you will travel at night . 
 they will await your return and guide you to our new camp . '' 
 the young navigator was obviously unsure of his ability to function as an envoy and had many questions . 
 heather explained , `` i have written a letter to the envoy whom you call don the great . 
 i expect he will wish to meet with me . 
 your task is simply to deliver the letter and to speak not of our adventures to other than the envoy himself . '' 
 it was as the young navigator had predicted , and from their second night 's camp they could see scattered lights off in the distance . 
 in the morning they divided their camp with the majority circling to the north to establish another camp . 
 those chosen to accompany the young navigator spent the day resting and looking at his charts . 
 as the sun began its final descent of the day they departed , and by the time darkness was complete , they had arrived at a cart trail headed in the general direction of the city . 
 they no longer worried about leaving a trace and traveled fairly fast , especially as the moon rose . 
 other than the barking of dogs , no disturbance was raised . 
 when they arrived at the western wall of the city , they needed to decide if attempting to scale the wall was of less risk than having the young navigator simply approach the gate . 
 there was no doubt listening to the young navigator that he felt scaling the wall was impossible and that they needed to use the gate . 
 those of the forest just shrugged their shoulders and did as requested , guiding him to the gate . 
 the gate was closed and the guard apparently asleep , for no one responded to the calls for opening the gate . 
 it was not until the sun peeked over the horizon that activity was evident , and finally their calls were answered . 
 as the gate opened those of the forest simply disappeared into the shadows , leaving the young navigator alone . 
 the guard demanded identification , which the young navigator had not . 
 he was forced to stand outside the inner gate until the supervisor could be found . 
 an older man with but one leg finally approached and again asked for identification . 
 after repeating his name the older man asked if he was related to a certain sea captain . 
 the young navigator explained that he was a navigator and assigned to a special mission . 
 the older man asked a few more questions and then had the gate opened , saying , `` i served with your father many years ago . 
 i welcome you home . '' 
 the young navigator nodded in appreciation but said not . 
 the older man asked if his mission had to do with the black ships . 
 the young man looked up quickly and that was answer enough , but he said , `` i bring news for don the great . '' 
 the older man barked out several orders and soon a wagon drawn by two horses appeared . 
 he told the young navigator , `` a royal carriage it is not but it will get you to the military headquarters quickly . '' 
 the young navigator climbed aboard the wagon and as the driver shook the reins , the older man said , `` remember me to your father . '' 
 the young navigator turned and asked , `` and by what name should i remember you ? '' 
 `` speak of me as the old master from the battle of the harbor . 
 it was a hard time and he may remember not . '' 
 the wagon moved quickly off and before midday he arrived at the military headquarters . 
 the driver stopped the wagon by the main entrance , which was guarded by at least a dozen soldiers with arms ready . 
 the navigator stepped down from the wagon and made his way towards the door , obviously intimidated by the fierce weaponry . 
 another guard dressed in formal attire stepped from the door and asked his purpose . 
 in a voice trembling with anxiety , the young navigator replied , `` i carry a letter for don the great . '' 
 the guard demanded that the young navigator hand the letter over but he refused , saying , `` i have been charged to deliver this only to don the great . '' 
 the guard asked , `` who charged you with this task ? '' 
 in a quiet voice the young navigator replied , `` the warrior from the forest with the golden hair . '' 
 the guarded bellowed out , `` that is impossible . '' 
 and again demanded the letter . 
 the young navigator summoned what little inner strength he had left and responded , `` i will present this letter to don the great as i have been charged . 
 i would suggest you carry this message without further delay . 
 i know not what power spirits of the forest have but i would not challenge them . '' 
 invoking the spirits of the forest obviously rattled the guard and he turned and disappeared within . 
 fatigue was setting in and the young navigator finally sat cross-legged on the floor waiting for the guard to return . 
 he may have even nodded off , but was awakened by the sound of the door opening and the guard returning accompanied by a formal military escort . 
 the young navigator stood up and followed the escort as directed . 
 he was brought through multiple corridors and his fatigued mind soon lost its way . 
 he was brought to an office with a large central table and a desk which overlooked the harbor through a small window . 
 don the great arose from the table , leaving his officers to simply watch , and sat at his desk where he received the young navigator . 
 with trembling hands the young navigator handed the letter to don the great . 
 he spoke not as he opened the letter and read the words from heather . 
 her usage of the high tongue was still somewhat limited but her message was clear . 
 that the black ships had been seen so far west was of great concern , but her proposal of returning their army gave him hope . 
 he looked up after reading the letter and asked the young navigator to describe the one who 'd given him the letter . 
 the young navigator replied , `` she was with the wild ones of the forest and had long golden hair . '' 
 don the great then asked , `` the envoys from the distant lands are safe ? '' 
 young navigator nodded in the positive , but asked , `` did not my father already relay this message ? '' 
 don the great looked up at his officers around the conference table and asked in a loud voice , `` have we had a report about sighting the black ships to the west and of the safety of those envoys from the far-off lands ? '' 
 one of the officers , after a moment of silence , replied , `` my report for today includes this information . '' 
 `` how long have we had this information ? '' 
 the officer was now obviously nervous as he replied , `` the report was given to me yesterday after our meeting . 
 the captain had returned eight days prior and filed the report through the normal channels . '' 
 don the great stood and with great emotion said , `` we are struggling for our very survival and vital information takes nine days to work through our system . 
 i would everyone work to improve this flow of information , otherwise there will be no hope for us . '' 
 he then looked at the young navigator who , despite the tension in the room could not help yawning , and said , `` find this young man a place to sleep and dress him as an envoy . 
 he will need to depart before sundown . '' 
 shortly before sundown the young navigator was awakened by servants who brought the fancy clothing of an envoy . 
 the young navigator was much embarrassed by having others dress him but complained not . 
 a meal was served , which he almost inhaled because of his hunger . 
 the door to his room opened and all of the servants turned and bowed before don the great , who was dressed for travel not as a lord but rather as a minor official who would accompany the envoy . 
 the look of confusion on the young navigator 's face brought a smile to don the great 's face . 
 he explained , saying , `` it is best that this meeting be known by as few people as possible . 
 i would you keep also your silence . '' 
 waiting not for a reply , don the great simply waved for the young navigator to follow . 
 outside the headquarters they were met by a carriage with four armed riders on either side . 
 they had no sooner climbed aboard the carriage than it moved off at a fast clip into the darkening night . 
 they arrived at the gate about the time the moon was rising over the horizon . 
 those at the gate had obviously been warned and were prepared . 
 the guards stood at attention and saluted as the carriage went by . 
 don the great had the young navigator , dressed as an envoy , nod his head in recognition as they passed by . 
 they had no sooner passed through the gate than they were joined by one of those of the forest , who simply ran ahead of the horses directing their path . 
 the loping gait of those of the forest matched closely the gentle pace of traveling horses . 
 others of the forest would occasionally appear and change places with but few words spoken . 
 they traveled north towards the wilderness . 
 after another hour of travel they came upon a small clearing with a campfire in the center . 
 around the campfire was a single person sitting on her haunches with her hair glowing golden in the firelight . 
 don the great gave orders for everyone in his party to stay ready and in place . 
 he dismounted from the carriage and walked towards the fire . 
 heather looked up not but simply said , `` it is good you came . '' 
 he looked for a place to sit and chose a large rock across from heather . 
 he replied , `` a surprise for you to be so far from home . '' 
 heather responded only , `` my grandmother sent me . 
 our envoys are safe but the spirits of the forest have detected a great danger arising in the east . 
 those of the east are the invading force who sail in the black ships and were sighted to the west . '' 
 don the great replied , `` i prepare but our army remains far from our shores and our ships are many fewer . 
 within the government there are those who refused to believe the threat . '' 
 heather replied , `` as i have written , it may be possible to return your army if they 're willing to follow those of the forest across the mountains . '' 
 `` how would you cross mountains which are impassable ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders , saying only , `` for those of the forest , passage is possible . 
 your soldiers could be brought across if they traveled light and did exactly as told . '' 
 `` what do you need from me to make this happen ? '' 
 heather replied , `` i would need a pledge of loyalty from those who would travel . 
 we would also need supplies and arms to be stored here in the wilderness . '' 
 `` why not just bring the army into the city ? '' 
 heather thought for a moment before responding , `` the black ships to the west were looking for a landing site . 
 i would expect the invading force will be not just from the sea but also from the land . '' 
 the red ambassador replied , `` i feel your assessment is correct , and it would appear that they are preparing to also land to the east and north with an army . 
 a second landing to the west would be logical but more difficult for them . '' 
 he then asked , `` how will i control the army if it stays hidden in the wilderness ? '' 
 heather looked up not before replying , `` you can not . 
 the army will need to be under my command . 
 you take the risk of accepting my command . '' 
 it was now the red ambassador 's time for reflection , and he spoke not for some time as he wrestled with the issues of control and trust . 
 he finally spoke , saying , `` having the ability to attack from the rear would be a great advantage . 
 there are those even in the military who will object to your command but it seems i have no choice . '' 
 he then added , `` i appoint you as commander of the army forces you bring across the mountains . 
 i would you pledge loyalty to our king . '' 
 heather responded , `` those of the forest make no such pledges . 
 i will pledge to do all in my power to defeat the darkness that is arising from the east . '' 
 the red ambassador but nodded his head before replying , `` it is as much as i can expect and i accept your pledge . '' 
 he then asked , `` have you any plan for battle ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders and chewed on her lip before responding , `` severing their supply line will be essential . 
 i wonder if those left behind can be brought into the war . '' 
 `` you mean the wild ones of the northern frontier ? 
 how could they help ? '' 
 heather just smiled and said , `` having an ally who knows the land is always a great asset . 
 i will see if i can make contact . '' 
 she then added , `` we will need a wagon load of ropes and climbing gear to assist your soldiers . '' 
 the red ambassador , don the great , replied , `` i will have the supplies delivered here by midday tomorrow . '' 
 he then asked in a more subdued voice , `` what of your daniel and his powder ? '' 
 heather responded not for some time , and the red ambassador was about to repeat his question when she finally spoke up . 
 `` daniel is with the envoys from our lands . 
 with them he will stay , for i trust not your leaders . '' 
 it was the red ambassador 's turn for silence and he could only reply , `` i blame you not , for our politicians have wrought great harm to your peoples . 
 i accept responsibility for failing to object to their wishes . 
 i can but assure you that the military will protect you and yours to our fullest ability . '' 
 heather explained , `` i am here only because the spirits of the forest have spoken through my grandmother commanding me to venture forth . 
 i will do what i can to assist you against this darkness which is arising in the east , for that is what the spirits of the forest demand . 
 trusting your leaders i can not do , but i do trust your word . '' 
 `` the powder that your daniel controls is a formidable weapon and would have contributed significantly in the upcoming battle . 
 i accept your reasoning and will mention the subject no further . '' 
 silence ensued for several moments before the red ambassador said , `` i will have a letter of command for you to present along with the supplies here by midday . 
 you have given me hope which we deserve not . '' 
 heather said not and simply sat on her haunches staring into the fire . 
 the red ambassador rose to depart , and said , `` i would this young navigator continue to assist you . '' 
 without changing her position , heather responded , `` as he wishes . '' 
 she then added , `` hard times are most certainly ahead . 
 i would wish that when peace is restored our peoples learn to live as trading partners , not as enemies . '' 
 the red ambassador returned to his escort and the carriage . 
 he changed clothes with the young navigator and gave him the choice of returning to the city or staying with heather . 
 the young navigator replied , `` if she has need of my skills , i would stay with her and those of the forest . '' 
 `` so be it . 
 i would honor you with a promotion but it seems of little or no consequence . 
 if you wish such i will arrange it . '' 
 the young navigator replied , `` i serve my king and people , it is enough . '' 
 as the carriage moved off , the young navigator turned back to the campfire . 
 heather sat unmoving until others of the forest reported the red ambassador and his escort to be truly gone . 
 she then stood and began kicking dirt on the small fire to extinguish it . 
 she said only , `` i would that some follow behind and ensure we are not being trailed . 
 a few others will need to return here tomorrow for the supplies . 
 they should head west and we will meet up with them . '' 
 with that she glanced at the sky to find her direction and started moving off . 
 she was joined by those of the forest , who created a guard in front and behind her with scouts fanning out ahead . 
 they traveled for a few hours before arriving at the other camp they had created . 
 fatigue was evident in heather 's gait and her small tent was a welcome refuge . 
 she said only to those waiting , `` the meeting went well . 
 we return to the ship tomorrow at first light . '' 
 the coming of the dawn found heather completing her morning ritual and preparing for the breaking of the fast . 
 they traveled hard but another night was required before they sighted their ship in the cove . 
 the signaling mirrors had worked well . 
 rather than returning to the ship , camp was made ashore with daniel and baby geoffrey joining them . 
 those of the forest were eager to leave the ship , and the atmosphere was jovial . 
 heather gave her report and answered many questions . 
 as the night wore on , heather and daniel left for the privacy of their tent . 
 baby geoffrey had long since fallen asleep and awoke not . 
 morning light came all too soon and the time for decisions had arrived . 
 after breaking the fast , heather and jason returned to the ship to meet with captain cook . 
 after briefing captain cook on the developments , heather allowed each to voice their concerns and opinions . 
 she then explained , `` it is the wish of my grandmother and the spirits of the forest that we give assistance to those of the red . 
 the danger of daniel 's knowledge falling into the enemy 's hands is so great that we can risk it not . '' 
 she then spoke as the commander , and said , `` captain cook , i would you set sail and return jason and the other envoys to the safety of our homeland . 
 daniel and the little ones will accompany you . '' 
 jason understood that indeed heather was the commander and acquiesced to her wishes silently , but a look of great sadness was evident on his face . 
 captain cook merely replied , `` i accept your command . '' 
 heather arose and returned via the boat to those waiting ashore . 
 betty was not dressed for travel , and heather felt relieved to know that she would help care for the little ones . 
 there was also somewhat of an emptiness knowing betty would not be there to support her . 
 daniel was very quiet as he helped his bride to prepare to depart . 
 he wanted not to leave her alone , but understood the reasoning . 
 it made the separation no easier to accept and he worried greatly for her . 
 and then she was gone , headed towards the impassable mountains . 
 there was nothing left to do but head back to the ship and sail for home , leaving his bride behind . 
 at least jeremy had recovered enough that he and edna would stay with her ; it was what gave him hope . 
 chapter 9 heather and her troop of hunters from the forest traveled quickly to the west into increasingly barren lands . 
 scouts spread out seeking water sources and food . 
 late in the afternoon as they passed by the region of farming , heather took stan aside and asked , `` would your people be willing to join the battle against the darkness approaching from the east ? '' 
 stan responded , `` my people are few and not warriors ; what is it that you would have us do ? '' 
 `` i expect a landing to the east and north of the great city . 
 this will create a long supply line which we need to disrupt . 
 i would also have a messenger system to know the movements of the invading army . '' 
 stan was quiet before replying . 
 `` if the invaders land far enough north , they would be in our traditional hunting area . 
 my people know this area well and may be able to do as you ask . '' 
 heather then said , `` i would you take two of the hunters with you and leave us for your people . 
 those of the forest can act as your messengers . '' 
 soon stan returned with two of the younger hunters ready to depart . 
 heather said , `` may the god of the sacred water watch over you and the spirits of the forest travel with you . '' 
 on the second day they were met by one of the returning four original scouts . 
 he reported that indeed the passage existed but was technically difficult . 
 when heather asked , `` can those not of the forest make the passage with the help of the hunters ? '' 
 the scout was quiet as he thought and finally responded , `` with enough ropes it is possible . '' 
 he added , `` moving equipment or supplies may not be possible . '' 
 heather thanked him for his report , saying , `` climbing supplies are on their way . 
 i worry about water . '' 
 the scout reported , `` in another day 's journey springs become available , but the hunting more difficult . '' 
 heather said not , saving her breathing for travel . 
 the hunters seemed to be able to sit by the campfire and tell their stories , but fatigue always forced heather to her tent . 
 her sleep came almost immediately because of the fatigue , but was interrupted frequently by images of daniel and their baby and of the upcoming war . 
 as she was fighting the dream of war , an image of betty formed and her mind calmed . 
 restful sleep returned . 
 heather and her group spent little time in hunting or making camp , for heather had a sense that time was becoming critical . 
 on the third day as they began climbing in earnest , the wagon was finally spotted with the promised climbing supplies . 
 they had made poor time , for the wagon itself was not well suited for travel across the rough terrain . 
 those of the forest unloaded the climbing supplies and stored much of the food which was provided . 
 a scroll heavily sealed was given to heather and she opened it not . 
 she trusted that the red ambassador had indeed done as he had promised . 
 heather debated leaving a few of the forest behind to watch their cache and care for the horses , but decided that it was far more important to have all the help available for moving the troops through the pass . 
 on the fourth day the jagged mountains began to impose a restriction on their breathing as the air thinned with altitude . 
 jeremy now took charge , setting a slow but steady pace . 
 he was adamant that they stop frequently and drink plenty of water . 
 the springs were again becoming smaller and harder to find . 
 the sun was fierce and any skin left exposed quickly turned red . 
 the days were warm but the nights were cold and many shivered in their tents . 
 on the fifth day the ravine they were traveling in narrowed to a thin slot just wide enough for a man with a pack . 
 the walls were at least one hundred feet high and composed of polished stone that appeared as the marble in the great hall . 
 jeremy pointed to small logs wedged about halfway up , saying , `` when rain comes this would be a most dangerous passage . '' 
 after passing through the slot canyon they entered a more open bowl with steep sides . 
 the real climbing began , for the walls needed to be scaled and the ridge reached in order to cross the mountains . 
 those of the forest had already been planning , and with but a nod from jeremy set out with their ropes to scale the cliffs . 
 heather was happy to simply rest and watch as those most expert moved up the cliffs , anchoring lines for those to follow . 
 others followed , establishing three separate paths for assent . 
 all too soon it was time for heather to follow . 
 those of the forest looped the secondary rope around her chest , saying , `` we will help but it is best if you can use your legs to help move upwards and stabilize yourself . '' 
 the rope tightened ; heather grasped the primary rope , using her arms to help pull herself up the cliff face . 
 those of the forest kept enough tension on the secondary rope to reduce her effort , but not so much as to constrict her breathing . 
 upon reaching the first ledge , the secondary rope was exchanged for another from above and again heather began moving upwards . 
 four separate stages were required to reach the top of the ridge . 
 heather 's breathing was difficult because of both the altitude and the tightness of the rope . 
 when finally gaining the top , she simply sat and rested trying to regain her breath . 
 jeremy was in good humor and pointed to the west , saying , `` there is our great ocean . '' 
 he then turned to the east and far in the distance one could see the harbor of the great city . 
 the wind was blowing and heather soon chilled . 
 jeremy directed those of the forest to begin moving off as the rest ascended the cliff , saying , `` we have yet a few hours of sunlight ; let us try for a lower altitude . '' 
 heather followed those in the lead , but had trouble concentrating and stumbled several times . 
 the ridge sloped downward , and after two hours of descending the air finally began to provide enough oxygen for heather to breathe comfortably . 
 the campsite was on an almost flat portion of the mountain with a tremendous view of the setting sun . 
 enough wind persisted that setting the tents was difficult , and the noise of the flapping canvas should have made sleep difficult . 
 fatigue , however , easily won out and after a meal of travel rations heather was soon asleep . 
 morning came all too soon and jeremy had everyone moving , for he liked not the clouds in the distance . 
 as they descended the mountains , the travel became easier and water was more plentiful . 
 on the eighth day those of the forest arrived at the large encampment that had created for the army of the red . 
 they had posted no sentries , and a great confusion arose when heather and those of the forest arrived . 
 their commanding officer needed a few minutes to dress formally before he would meet with heather . 
 they met in his tent with a formal guard standing outside . 
 the guard was matched by an equal number of those of the forest who simply milled around and visited somewhat aimlessly , but were acutely aware of any danger to heather . 
 the meeting started somewhat stiffly until the commanding officer finally asked , `` what is the meaning of your visit ? '' 
 heather handed him the scroll and the commanding officer recognized immediately the imprint of don the great . 
 with hands which were ever so slightly shaking , he carefully opened the scroll . 
 as he read he said not , and when finished carefully rolled again the scroll . 
 he simply stared at heather , saying not . 
 when he finally spoke it was in a humble voice , as he said , `` i serve my king and my people and will do as don the great commands . 
 i hereby pledge my allegiance to you as commander of what will be the army of the wilderness . '' 
 with that he stood and removed his sword , passing it to heather . 
 she accepted the sword , and as he knelt on one knee , she touched both shoulders with the sword . 
 heather said only , '' i accept your pledge and wish to work with you to subdue this darkness arising in the east . '' 
 with a simple command others now joined them and listened to heather 's plan . 
 many questions concerned supplies and weapons . 
 the commanding officer quoted the scroll saying , `` don the great is already providing us what we need . 
 our duty is to arrive as quickly as possible to take up arms . '' 
 many questions were asked about the risk of crossing the mountains , and finally one of the senior officers said point blank , `` it is well known that the mountains are impassable . '' 
 heather simply smiled , saying , `` there is ancient knowledge of passage and our existence should be proof enough that passage is possible . '' 
 she continued , `` the trip is arduous and with some danger . 
 i would only those volunteering freely accompany us on our return . '' 
 the discussion turned to more practical matters of moving an army without supplies . 
 heather 's plan was to station those of the forest along the route , and have the army group into units of two hundred which would stream up the mountains . 
 those of the forest could handle no more with their ropes . 
 those who crossed first would be charged with setting up the command , and camp in the wilderness to the north of the great city . 
 those who came towards the end would be responsible for carrying more of the supplies . 
 when asked when the first group should be prepared to depart , heather replied , `` at first light . '' 
 there was a general murmur of dissent -- that it was impossible to prepare in such a short time . 
 the commanding officer said simply , `` her wish is our order . 
 go prepare our best for travel at first light . '' 
 when the others had left , the commanding officer relaxed only a little . 
 he asked heather , `` would you join me for the evening meal and tell me your story ? '' 
 heather responded , `` i would join you but ask that two others of the forest join us also , for they are the storytellers . '' 
 `` most certainly . '' 
 the meal was the simple food of the military , but it was obvious from the spice that the southern kingdom was very much involved in providing their supplies . 
 the commanding officer was most interested in the urgency that heather felt . 
 hearing of the black ships far to the west , he better understood the urgency . 
 when jeremy told his story of the treatment he and edna had received , a look of anger was evident on the commanding officer 's face but he said not . 
 he had many questions about the navigational issues and the distances traveled . 
 jeremy did his best to answer the questions , but many of the specific details he knew not or could not figure out how to explain in the language of the red . 
 it was not yet late when heather announced , `` i would rest , for tomorrow the hard work begins . '' 
 as jeremy and edna accompanied her to their camp on the edge of the military camp , she asked , `` trust you the commanding officer ? '' 
 jeremy replied first , saying , `` he seems a straightforward type . '' 
 edna was a bit more reserved , saying , `` i sense that he is not comfortable with you as the leader . 
 there seems to be no malice . '' 
 heather asked , `` think you it is because i am a woman ? '' 
 edna thought hard before responding , `` no , it may have to do with his previous pledge of loyalty to the scarlet king . '' 
 she then added , `` it would be better if betty were here , for she hears others far better than i. '' heather 's sleep was again tortured by the absence of daniel and their baby , as well as the upcoming war . 
 as before , it was betty appearing in her dream that calmed her and allowed her to rest . 
 jeremy had them up well before dawn . 
 heather completed her morning ritual and broke fast with those of the forest . 
 the mountains kept the campsite in shadows long after the sky showed signs of daylight . 
 they had no sooner broken their camp than a column of military personnel began to present . 
 in the lead was the commanding officer . 
 he said only , `` i ask not that my men do what i am unwilling to do . '' 
 heather nodded in appreciation and simply moved off back towards the mountains . 
 after just a few miles the terrain began to steepen markedly . 
 heather fell back to walk with the commanding officer . 
 she complimented him on his troops , saying , `` they travel well . '' 
 he was obviously struggling somewhat to keep up and his breathing was already difficult . 
 he replied , `` we have continued to work in order to be prepared . '' 
 heather suggested that he allow those of the forest to carry his pack . 
 he responded , `` i 'm afraid that i 'm no longer young . 
 maybe it would be best . '' 
 heather but waved ever so slightly to one of the forest , who fell back and willingly took the commanding officer 's pack . 
 heather continued , `` for three days we will be climbing and the air will become very thin . 
 our travel pace will slow so that people can breathe . 
 on the fourth day we will reach the crest of the mountains and will begin the descent . '' 
 after a short pause to catch her breath , she continued , `` those of the forest will need to lower your troops on ropes . 
 it will be the most difficult part of the journey . '' 
 the commanding officer replied , `` we will be prepared to the best of our ability , but we are not of the mountains . '' 
 `` those of the forest will need to take charge , and if your troops will do as they are told , the passage will be made . '' 
 the commanding officer asked , `` will you lower this entire group or will some stay on top to assist those of the forest with those who follow tomorrow ? '' 
 heather responded , `` it will be best that your troops regain a lower altitude as quickly as possible , for there is little air to breathe atop the mountains . 
 it will be a most difficult task but those of the forest will need to accomplish the work themselves . '' 
 the commanding officer said not , saving his breath for walking . 
 darkness was just beginning to show to the east when jeremy finally gave the order to make camp . 
 the sun was setting to the west and turning the sky red , but most were too tired to enjoy the scene . 
 those of the forest stayed up to tell their stories for just a little while , and they too sought the shelter of their tents . 
 sleep came easily because of fatigue . 
 jeremy was up as the sky first began to lighten long before the sun appeared atop the mountains . 
 the breaking of the fast was a simple meal of travel rations , and then they were again on the move , climbing ever higher . 
 water on the west side was more available than on the dryer east side , but still a constant problem especially because of the size of their group . 
 many of the troops began to remove nonessential items from their packs and discard them along the trail . 
 heather spent much of the day walking with the commanding officer and asking questions about the enemy they faced . 
 he described them as fierce warriors who covered their heads and used curved swords which were deadly sharp . 
 his explanations were always of just a few words with long pauses to maintain his breathing . 
 heather pushed him not , for she knew the need to breathe and for proper pace . 
 it was the use of great war horses which impressed heather the most . 
 when she asked what they fed the horses , the commanding officer knew not . 
 heather asked , `` what do they do with prisoners ? '' 
 the commanding officer replied , `` they take no prisoners . '' 
 `` you mean every fight is to the death ? '' 
 `` when they conquer they conquer completely , sparing only women , some children , and the tradespeople who then work as slaves . '' 
 their discussion turned back to the horses , for heather wanted to know how they were used in battle . 
 the commanding officer explained , `` our last battle was mostly a sea battle . 
 the one landing they made included horses which were used to break through our outer defense lines with a rapid charge . '' 
 he added , `` the horses wore armor . '' 
 heather asked , `` the wilderness to the north of the great city seemed very dry except along the river ; does this dryness extend to the east also ? '' 
 the commanding officer but nodded his head in the affirmative , saving his breath for climbing . 
 they visited but little more and heather left to talk to the young navigator , for she needed to know more of the land . 
 on the fourth day many were complaining of fatigue and headaches , which heather knew was from the lack of air . 
 she said only , `` we must move on and descend to a lower altitude . '' 
 jeremy set a pace that seemed to have them moving in slow motion , with a single step followed by a short pause before another step . 
 even with the slow pace , breathing was difficult and complaints of fatigue and headache became ever more commonplace . 
 the view from the crest of the mountains was awesome but few were able to appreciate it . 
 it was midday before they finally arrived at the cliff face and began lowering the troops . 
 the commanding officer watched with great interest as jeremy demonstrated the technique . 
 he commented , `` i expect the doing is much more difficult than the watching . '' 
 after repeating the demonstration a second time , jeremy asked for a volunteer . 
 the commanding officer stepped forward , saying , `` if you can make this work with me , the others should have no problem . '' 
 jeremy secured the secondary rope under the commanding officer 's arms and had him grasp the primary rope . 
 he helped the commanding officer step backwards over the edge of the cliff using his legs to help control the descent . 
 the commanding officer made slow progress moving down the side of the cliff , and when he finally reached the first transfer ledge a cheer went up from those watching above . 
 one of the forest helped him release the secondary rope and attach the next one . 
 again the commanding officer stepped over the ledge and made his way down the cliff face . 
 by the time he finally reached the bottom of the cliff with the four separate transfers , his chest hurt from the tightness of the rope and he had blisters on his hands . 
 he released the rope and gave a wave to those who could see him from atop the cliff . 
 the other troops then began the descent with the three separate sets of ropes , lowering three at a time . 
 darkness was evident by the time the last of the troops was lowered . 
 heather remained until the end for her own descent . 
 the descent was far easier than the ascent had been , but in the fading light she felt as if she was being lowered into a bowl of darkness . 
 most of those of the forest stayed atop the crest to help the next group of soldiers . 
 those few who descended pitched their tents between heather and the soldiers of the red . 
 breathing was a little easier , but the stories were few and fatigue forced all to seek the shelter of their tents early . 
 on the east slope of the mountains the sunrise seemed to come even earlier , and jeremy had everyone moving fairly quickly . 
 their pace was better but heather found again that moving downhill was harder on her legs . 
 she sought out edna and asked about her knee . 
 edna simply replied , `` my knee is . '' 
 she then mentioned , `` i heard betty last night . 
 she seemed well . '' 
 heather could help not the tears that formed in her eyes , and but smiled at her friend before again falling back to visit with the commanding officer . 
 she said , `` i would a dozen of your soldiers who travel the best go forward with two of those from the forest and return with the supplies that are cached ahead . '' 
 the commanding officer turned towards one of his junior officers and but nodded his head in the affirmative . 
 the junior officer fell back amongst the troops to select those who would move forward . 
 heather continued , `` those of the forest travel without leaving sign but an army can not . 
 we will need to stay far to the north and west of your river . 
 those of the east will need to travel along the river for water and feed for their horses . 
 i would they not know of our presence . '' 
 `` our enemy will most certainly travel with food for the horses . 
 why do you think they will follow the river ? '' 
 heather but smiled and said , `` i intend to make sure that they have food not for their horses . 
 we need to control their movement and make the battle occur on our terms . '' 
 she then added , `` your soldiers have traveled hard and i fear will have limited arms . 
 i doubt we can face a charge of their horses as you have described . '' 
 the commanding officer asked , `` where would you do battle ? '' 
 heather chewed on her lips lightly before answering . 
 `` the young navigator says the river flows through a canyon before entering the agricultural plain . 
 i would expect somewhere along the canyon . '' 
 `` how do you force the enemy into the canyon ? '' 
 heather responded , `` as we did on the ice field , by giving them no other choice . '' 
 the commanding officer was silent for some time as he recalled the stories he had heard from those who had crossed the ice field . 
 he finally replied , `` there is no ice , only desert . '' 
 heather nodded , saying , `` then it is the desert that we must use as a weapon . 
 i wish i knew the land but perhaps it is better that we trust the spirits of the forest to guide us . '' 
 they talked for some time about the spirits of the forest as the commanding officer tried to make sense of this unknown force . 
 heather finally explained , `` the god of the sacred water works through the spirits of the forest . 
 many of the forest are very sensitive to the spirits of the forest . '' 
 the commanding officer wanted to know if heather was sensitive to the spirits of the forest and she replied , `` only a little . 
 i depend mostly on others to sense the will of the spirits of the forest . '' 
 she then told the story of her grandmother 's visit that sent her on this journey . 
 the subject then came up about daniel and his powder , with the commanding officer wanting to know if they could expect such power to help them in the upcoming battle . 
 heather was quiet for some time before saying , `` i trust not your politicians and have sent daniel back to our own lands with the envoys . '' 
 the commanding officer thought of jeremy 's story of how the ruling class had interfered with the negotiations for peace and threatened their lives . 
 the look of anger on his face was fleeting but evident enough to heather . 
 he finally responded , `` i live to serve my king and my people , but at times those who would rule make my commitment difficult . 
 it is a great loss not to have the power of the powder but i must agree with your decision . '' 
 the discussion turned back to planning for the battle which they both knew was coming . 
 heather explained how she foresaw those of the forest working mainly as scouts and a quick strike force . 
 the main battle would need to be fought by the army of the commanding officer . 
 the initial goal was to force any invading force into the river canyon . 
 the commanding officer remained uncertain how that would be possible , saying , `` if i was the commanding officer of the invading force , i would at all cost avoid being trapped in a canyon . '' 
 heather asked , `` would you risk the canyon if the choice was dying of thirst ? '' 
 `` they will most certainly have a supply system to support their troops . '' 
 heather responded , `` it is this supply line that must be our focus . 
 our hope depends on cutting off this supply line . '' 
 the commanding officer replied , `` don the great has instructed me to trust your judgment and i do as ordered , but i fear that cutting this supply line will be very difficult . '' 
 heather nodded in agreement and responded , `` i would you plan our defenses for a battle in the canyon . 
 i will plan for the attack on the supply line . '' 
 she added `` we of the forest are few in number and i will probably need some of your soldiers as backup . '' 
 the commanding officer thought for a few minutes before replying , `` you of the forest travel fast . 
 i doubt even the best trained of my troops can keep up . '' 
 `` i would expect that the invading army will give pursuit whenever we attack . 
 i would have a backup force ready to ambush any pursuing troops . 
 at times it may be important to leave not any sign of our movement and if so your troops will need to be kept separate . '' 
 the commanding officer now had a pretty good picture of heather 's plan and said , `` your plan is most unconventional but might work . 
 i will seek out volunteers to accompany you and the others of the forest . '' 
 he then asked , `` and if your plan works not , what then ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders and said , `` then the battle will be on the open plain and i would expect those of the east to be victorious . '' 
 the commanding officer asked , `` would it not be better to retreat to the protection of the city 's walls ? '' 
 heather again chewed on her lip and looked off in the distance before replying , `` being trapped in the city will be a slow tortured death as those from the east gradually choke off the city completely . '' 
 she then added , `` i can not ask those of the forest to accept such a fate . '' 
 the commanding officer but nodded his head in agreement saying , `` it will be as you say . '' 
 heather corrected him saying , `` it will be as the god of the sacred water and the spirits of the forest decree . 
 we can do but our best . '' 
 the conversation was interrupted when one of the forest who had accompanied stan approached them . 
 he had traveled hard and his fatigue was much evident . 
 heather insisted they allow him to rest and drink of their water before hearing his story . 
 others moved forward to set up their camp while heather and the commanding officer waited with the messenger . 
 his message was brief : `` a fleet of over thirty black ships has landed just to the south of the hunting grounds of those left behind . '' 
 he then added , `` those left behind have agreed to follow stan and work to disrupt their supply line . '' 
 while the messenger rested , heather and the commanding officer discussed the military implications . 
 the black ships were of a larger size than the ships of those of the red and could carry close to two hundred troops each . 
 it was obvious they were facing an army about three times their size . 
 chapter 10 time passed all too quickly . 
 before all of those who crossed the mountains were assembled , those of the forest brought back reports of scouts from the east . 
 they traveled in groups of three to five on horseback and traveled but one day ahead of the main army . 
 they were concentrated to the front but had some even to the rear watching for possible attacks . 
 those of the forest reported that they saw little from their horses and avoiding them had been easy . 
 their line of movement was indeed west by south through the open forest at the edge of the mountains . 
 despite the many wagons , they covered many miles per day . 
 heather 's greatest worry was that they would attempt to cross the river before reaching the hill with the high grass . 
 those of the forest told her how much more rugged the terrain was on their side of the river and they doubted an early crossing . 
 yet heather continued to worry until one night she saw daniel in her dreams saying , `` it will be as the god of the sacred water deems it . '' 
 as those of the red prepared for the battle in their way , those of the forest worked hard digging a series of holes which they covered with branches and soil . 
 heather 's plan was to allow those from the east to penetrate almost to the end of the grassy hill before lighting her fires along the western and southern perimeters of the hill . 
 the afternoon winds usually blew strongly uphill from the west , which would fan the flames quickly . 
 others of the forest would be hidden on the northern edge and would stay hidden until after the main force had passed . 
 their task was to help prevent any retreat and disable as many horses as possible . 
 it was with this group that heather positioned herself . 
 scouts from the east repeatedly passed by them , but saw little as they traveled quickly through the country . 
 those of the forest could sense their coming long before the horses and the riders became visible . 
 all work would stop and they would carefully camouflage themselves with clumps of grass . 
 the grass had long since gone to seed and was very dry but still rose above heather 's waist . 
 a natural game trail led across the hill , and jeremy was certain those from the east would follow the trail . 
 he explained , `` the animals of this land have scouted since time began and decided long ago that this was the best route . '' 
 heather appreciated his wisdom but the `` what if 's '' kept tugging at her mind . 
 when they returned to their camp they had no fire , for the enemy was now close enough that the risk was too great . 
 jeremy and his scouts had figured a midday arrival at the grassy hill by the lead troops of those of the east . 
 their enemy moved in a tight formation with great discipline . 
 the wagons followed the marching troops and only a small contingent of mounted troops guarded the rear . 
 despite the close ranks , the front of the column would be exiting the grassy hill before the end of the column entered the grasses . 
 the mounted troops at the rear concerned heather , for they would be a potent adversary . 
 the commander of the red army echoed heather 's concern and asked , `` what if the wind does not blow ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders and said , `` if the god of the sacred water gives us not the wind then he will give us something else . '' 
 she said this with possibly more intensity than she actually felt . 
 sleep for everyone that night was fragmented and it was only the presence of betty in heather 's dreams that allowed her any rest at all . 
 jeremy had everyone up before the sun made its daily appearance . 
 the predawn air was cool and heather shivered some as she prepared for the day , completing her morning ritual . 
 she broke the fast with the commander of the red and final plans were completed . 
 edna would act as a lookout , using one of their mirrors to signal those of the forest on the southwest side of the grassy hill when to start their fires . 
 when the fire was well established , those of the forest who had started the fires were to retreat into the barren lands until they could rejoin the main troop . 
 heather and the remaining hunters of the forest would lay hidden in their small trenches until the smoke was evident . 
 they would then arise and take out as many of the drivers and horses pulling the wagons as they could . 
 they would retreat back across the river where those of the red who had accompanied them would be waiting for the counterattack . 
 the main force of the red would attack near the canyon mouth , preventing the enemy from crossing the river and hopefully forcing them into the canyon . 
 as jeremy led heather and the hunters from the forest to the hiding spots , they discussed strategy only a little . 
 heather instructed them , `` concentrate your arrows on the driver first and then on a single horse , for if one horse falls the wagon moves not . '' 
 heather was one of the first to be hidden . 
 they pulled back the sod from the trench and she climbed in with her sword across her chest . 
 they carefully replaced the sod , leaving but a small opening above her face through which she had but a glimpse of the sky . 
 the weight of the covering was not unbearable but the closeness and the inability to see but the one small area of the sky seemed to close her world in completely . 
 as she stared through her small connection to the outside world she noticed movement . 
 concentrating , she focused her eyes on the edge of her breathing hole and saw a large centipede starting to crawl into the hole . 
 her eyes crossed from staring as the fearsome looking insect hung by its hind legs right over her face . 
 then it dropped onto her forehead and slowly worked its way down to her chin . 
 she could take feel the individual legs pricking her skin as the insect walked . 
 she worked hard to control her breathing and thought she could hear not because of the pounding of her heart in her ears . 
 her anxiety continued to build till she knew that all hope was lost and that she would need to rise up and run to the mountains just to breathe . 
 it was betty who appeared in her mind , saying , `` daniel did it , you do it too . '' 
 her breathing slowed and she relaxed greatly . 
 the morning passed ever so slowly and she may have slept at times , despite the centipede which continued to explore her face . 
 then the thunder of horses was felt as much as heard . 
 it sounded as if they would pass directly over her . 
 she concentrated , trying to determine their number , but could tell only that it was a small number . 
 the scouts passed by quickly and silence returned . 
 later she felt rather than heard a rumble of the earth as the main column approached . 
 the mounted troops came first with the horses in near synchrony . 
 it was almost a pleasant sensation like the drums of those of the forest . 
 it was about half an hour before the tighter synchronization of the marching troops overwhelmed the sound of the horses . 
 the column of troops seemed to take forever to pass by , and heather 's anxiety again began to increase . 
 her thoughts were , `` the troops are so many , what hope had they ? '' 
 again it was betty who appeared in her mind and said nothing , but her mere presence calmed heather 's mind . 
 she concentrated on the sound and rhythm of the marching troops , noting the gradual transition as the main column passed by . 
 a faint sound of creaking and groaning became audible and she knew the wagons were approaching . 
 by concentrating she could separate out the sounds of the different wagons and tried to keep count as they passed by . 
 a different worry entered heather 's mind when she realized that she had not yet smelled the smoke and most of the wagons had already passed by . 
 why had edna not given the signal for the fires ? 
 the synchronized sound of the rear mounted guard was now perceptible , and their opportunity would soon be lost , for they were a formidable enemy . 
 as her anxiety built she again heard betty , but it was really edna saying the fire was lit and progressing quickly . 
 she then noted a change in the motion of the wagons ; they were trying to stop but the inertia of the long column made it a slow process . 
 she strained harder to try to smell the smoke and finally caught a whiff . 
 it was enough of the signal , and she carefully pushed away the covering of her trench , along with the centipede which had tortured her , and rolled into a fighting position . 
 those of the forest were paired up with one responsible for the primary attack and the other to protect their rear from attack . 
 heather was paired with jeremy who had also rolled out of his trench . 
 heather nodded and jeremy assumed a kneeling position with his bow at the ready . 
 a second nod from heather and the closest wagon driver slumped in his seat . 
 the next arrow found the chest of the horse on the side but missed the heart . 
 the horse tried to run off , bellowing in pain , but the harness restrained it . 
 jeremy 's attention rotated quickly to the next wagon and again a single arrow incapacitated the driver . 
 the next arrow found the heart of the great horse pulling the wagon . 
 it just stopped completely and then fell forward in the harness . 
 confusion amongst those of the east began to break down their orderly column . 
 drivers tried to turn their wagons to escape the oncoming fire only to encounter the arrows of those of the forest . 
 their attack had been ongoing for only a few moments when heather heard the distinct sound of horses being pushed hard . 
 the air was filling with smoke , but as she looked to the east she could see horsemen riding hard with a cloud of dust . 
 it was time to flee to the safety of the river . 
 jeremy listened not to heather 's warning , for another wagon was coming within range . 
 as jeremy concentrated on the wagon , heather watched the approaching mounted troops . 
 they had wisely shifted to the river side of the trail and were blocking the escape route . 
 jeremy 's first arrow missed the mark but his second arrow proved deadly . 
 the horses responded to the slack lines by continuing their flight from the fire . 
 as the wagon approached , it was only the heavy load that prevented a complete runaway . 
 the roar of the fire was becoming ever more evident , and heather had to yell to get jeremy 's attention , saying , `` we must get out of here now . '' 
 jeremy responded , `` how about a ride ? '' 
 without waiting for an answer jeremy ran to intercept the wagon and jumped aboard . 
 he had to rein in the horses hard before they would stop . 
 heather climbed in , saying , `` the mounted troops are blocking our escape route . 
 we need to divert them so those of the forest can gain the safety of the river . '' 
 jeremy handed heather the reins , saying , `` you drive and i 'll see if i can lighten the load . '' 
 the horses needed no urging to resume their flight from the fire , and heather intentionally drove so that those mounted troops could see them escaping towards the river . 
 at first they responded not and heather was afraid they would not follow the decoy . 
 it was only when jeremy began pushing off the barrels of supplies that they realized something was amiss and began to chase them . 
 heather drove the horses as hard as she could , but the mounted troops were gaining . 
 after backtracking far enough to open a pathway for the others of the forest , she turned the wagon sharply towards the river , plunging downhill , caring not that it was certainly destroying the wagon . 
 they were reaching the area of ambush that had been set up when a rock finally broke the axle of the wagon , tipping it dangerously to the side . 
 as the wagon skidded to a stop heather and jeremy fled on foot . 
 the closeness of the horses was becoming ever more evident , and as she ran it was as if she could feel their breathing on her neck . 
 she looked back not , but just ran with jeremy helping to pull her along . 
 they had not yet reached the region of boulders where those of the red were waiting . 
 she was about to give up the flight and try to fight , for she could run no more . 
 as she turned to face the oncoming horses , those of the red suddenly appeared from their hiding places and their arrows began to find their marks . 
 troops from the east quickly pulled up on their horses and headed back , for they knew not how large a force they were facing . 
 they left over half of their comrades behind with multiple arrows protruding from their bodies . 
 heather and jeremy moved in amongst the boulders and collapsed , still trying to gain their breath . 
 jeremy began to laugh , and finally heather asked what he found so funny . 
 jeremy replied , `` that was the most awesome wagon ride i have ever had . 
 does daniel know you can drive like that ? '' 
 heather but shook her head and could not help but smile . 
 they waited as the other hunters found their way to safety through the opening they had created . 
 flames were now visible , and a few of the wagons which survived the attack headed back out towards the barren lands as did the remaining mounted troops . 
 those of the forest had paid a price for their attack but had done considerable damage to the enemy supply system . 
 when their numbers had been accounted for , three were missing . 
 heather called for a retreat across the river , saying , `` our part is done for now . 
 as soon as the smoke clears we will search for the others . '' 
 the main force of the army of the red waited as long as possible before launching their attack at the rear of the troop column . 
 they crossed the river at the last crossing before the start of the gorge . 
 each wave of soldiers that crossed the river set up a defense line which gradually moved up the hill , staying always in the rocky terrain to protect themselves from the fire . 
 when the giant column of those of the east had finally ground to a halt and tried to reverse , they found themselves pinned between the oncoming flames and the forces of the red . 
 those of the red tried not to advance but simply held their ground against the far greater numbers of those from the east . 
 the movement of the foot soldiers was only temporarily stopped , for the fire was pushing those in the rear . 
 some made their way towards the river , but the current was too swift to cross and those that tried were swept away . 
 others began the descent towards the gorge and the safety from the fire that it represented . 
 this huge column of humanity began to act like a thick liquid , squeezing out wherever there was an opening between the fire and the arrows of those of the red . 
 it was only the discipline of the mounted troops that prevented a complete division of their forces . 
 they forced their horses to charge through the burning line and create a passage for the foot soldiers to escape . 
 they could not attack those of the red for their own troops were blocking their way . 
 now the flow of troops reversed and began to move upwards , and those of the red were unable to challenge it . 
 the afternoon was growing late , and the commander of the red feared a counterattack from the mounted troops which came not . 
 the darkness of night descended upon them with relative swiftness , and yet the glow from the dying embers of the fire provided an eerie light . 
 the commander of the red had most of his troops stand down , for fatigue was evident . 
 those of the forest but watched from the height of their camp . 
 heather allowed small campfires , for their presence was no longer a secret . 
 she continued to hope that the light of the fire would help those missing find their way . 
 she sat with edna as the stories began , allowing the companionship of those of the forest help calm the anxiety she felt . 
 she responded but a little when jeremy told the tale of their wild wagon ride . 
 as the evening wore on , edna became detached and no longer participated . 
 even with the dim light of the campfire , heather could tell her mind was elsewhere . 
 it was not until a small scream escaped her lips and she began to cry that others perceived the problem . 
 jeremy tried to comfort her but she responded not . 
 the fire had burned low before edna began to respond to jeremy . 
 she tried to explain and at first her words seem not to make sense . 
 with help from heather she finally was able to explain how she had heard betty and then one of those missing . 
 he had been captured by those of the east and brutally tortured . 
 edna explained , `` it was as if i was actually there staked to the ground with whip marks across my whole body . 
 they kept yelling at me wanting to know who i was , but i understood only a little of what they said for they spoke only a few words of those of the red as did i. i knew not how to say that i was of the forest . 
 they demanded to know who my leader was and i could only say it was heather of the northern palace . '' 
 edna paused before continuing , `` i watched the glowing metal rod approach that they used to put out my right eye and i screamed in pain . 
 they continued to yell at me as they reheated the rod . 
 it was then that the spirits of the forest rescued me and brought me home . '' 
 heather was quiet for some time as she thought of the brutality and what it meant . 
 not knowing what else to say , she told edna , `` may the god of the sacred water grant you peace tonight as you sleep . 
 the spirits of the forest wanted us to know better our enemy . '' 
 before morning light heather was up and prepared for the day . 
 she broke fast with the commanding officer of those of the red . 
 telling him of edna 's vision produced a somber look to his face . 
 in reply he said , `` i understand not your spirits of the forest , but the torture you have described is what others reported during the last war . 
 our enemy shows little mercy for its own much less for those it attempts to conquer . '' 
 they discussed battle plans for the upcoming day . 
 those of the red still expected a counterattack but heather was not so sure . 
 she explained , `` those from the east will want to delay not . 
 i would expect only enough of a counterattack to stop any pursuit as their army continues its march to your great city . '' 
 the red commander responded , `` we have not the equipment or men to mount a major attack on such a force . '' 
 heather said , `` they know not our full capability and will risk not their overall plan . 
 i would expect the mounted troops will be used to prevent any advance of your forces . 
 this would allow those on foot time to fully reorganize and move forward without interference . '' 
 the red commander asked , `` what would you have our limited forces do ? '' 
 heather thought for a moment before replying , `` enough of an effort to advance must be made to keep the mounted troops occupied for as long as possible . 
 the horses are of no advantage in the area of boulders that your troops control and they will not be able to dislodge you . 
 the more we deplete their supplies the less effective they will be when they arrive at the walls of your great city . '' 
 she then added , `` those of the east who fled into the canyon must not be allowed to rejoin the main force . '' 
 `` what of those of the forest ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` we have our dead to bury . 
 it would be best if the scouts of our enemy were no longer allowed free reign . 
 i would send a message to the one you call don the great . '' 
 several junior officers presented for orders and each wore several blades of dried grass above the insignia of the red army . 
 they received their orders and departed . 
 heather wondered about the grass but asked not . 
 she watched silently as the commanding officer started weaving strands of grass onto his uniform . 
 he finally explained , `` the men started doing this and i think it is a good idea . 
 it signifies we are both an army of our king and of heather with the golden hair . '' 
 heather but nodded in acknowledgment and they made plans for meeting again after the setting of the sun . 
 heather returned to her camp and asked those of the forest to return across the river and begin the search for those missing . 
 she added , `` the mounted troops may be patrolling ; i would they not return . 
 inspect the freight for that which we can use but leave nothing for them to reclaim . '' 
 she needed not remind them of the dangers of discovery , for edna 's experience was warning enough . 
 the young navigator was sent back to the great city with the messages from heather and the commander of the red . 
 two from the forest would accompany him ; they brought a horse that had run wild during the fire . 
 the young navigator objected that he did not like riding , but heather said , `` better for you to ride so that the message arrives sooner . '' 
 she added , `` i would know if a landing to the east has occurred . '' 
 heather tried to get edna to stay behind but she refused , saying , `` i need to retrieve the one with whom i shared so much . 
 he deserves a burial for having suffered so much . '' 
 those of the forest came and went , reporting to heather , but at all times a half dozen were close to her . 
 she climbed the hill to the lookout that edna had used and spent the day thinking and planning . 
 those from the east had returned with the mounted troops to attack those of the red , but heather could see the larger column moving ever to the west and south . 
 those of the forest were rarely visible , seeming to blend in with the landscape . 
 by midday two of the missing had been found dead of sword wounds . 
 it was not until late afternoon that edna and jeremy returned carrying the body of the tortured hunter from the forest . 
 as the sun began its final descent below the horizon , those of the forest held a burial service . 
 heather wished for the help of the young priest , but did her best to give those departed a blessing of safe passage back to the forest . 
 each of those attending said their own prayer as they shoveled dirt upon the graves . 
 heather left the others to their stories and met with the commander of the red . 
 the day had progressed as she had suggested , and those of the red had repeatedly tried to break through the lines of the mounted soldiers without success . 
 those of the east who had fled into the canyon were being destroyed from above . 
 heather said , `` i would hope that we can delay them yet another full day . 
 we need to begin moving to the west , for i fear a second landing is almost certain . '' 
 the commander of the red listened as heather told him of the black ships far to the west . 
 they were fewer in number and their purpose unknown , but she suspected a second site of invasion . 
 after thinking a bit more she said , `` if i was invading by both sea and land , i would split my forces and have the smaller force attack first to distract the defenders as much as possible . '' 
 the commander of the red sat and rubbed the stubble growing on his chin as he thought . 
 he asked , `` if the landing to the west is the smaller force , they would need to be making their way to the city as we are here trying to delay the force which landed to the east . 
 should we not be repositioning our army to meet this new attack ? '' 
 heather struggled for the right words in the language of the red before saying , `` our forces are not sufficient to simply overwhelm those of the east . 
 we must always use the element of surprise to our advantage . 
 if this second invasion is as i envision , then our best chance is to wait until they are fully occupied by their attack on the walls of your great city . 
 then we attack from the rear . '' 
 `` will not this greater force from the east simply move against us ? '' 
 `` possibly , but if they do then they lose their advantage of the surprise attack on the city walls . '' 
 she went on to discuss her vision of their plan and how depriving them of supplies was still their best option . 
 they finished their planning , and as heather was preparing to leave she remembered the arrow tip that those of the forest had found . 
 she brought out the partially burned arrow , which had a tip made of fine knife blades joined at right angles , which produced a weapon that would slice as well as penetrate . 
 the commander of the red felt the sharpness of the blades and the lightness of the tip before saying , `` i would not want to be on the receiving end of one of these . '' 
 heather responded , `` i will have those of the forest search the destroyed wagons for more of these tips . 
 they must have had a backup supply , and if it is the will of the god of the sacred water , we will find it amongst the debris . '' 
 she then added , `` i wonder how long those of the east will continue with this cat and mouse game ? '' 
 the commander the red was quiet for a moment before responding , `` it would seem that their main troops are safely on their way , but yet the campfires of the mounted troops are visible on the hilltop . 
 the question may be why are they still here . '' 
 it was heather 's turn for a moment of quiet reflection before she responded , `` if i was waiting for a supply shipment i would need to protect it from attack . '' 
 with but another minute of thought , she said , `` we must head east and intercept the shipment . 
 i would those of your troops who have traveled before with those of the forest again join us . 
 i would you and your remaining troops do all they can to keep the mounted troops occupied . '' 
 she added , `` we leave two hours before sunup , and if the god of the sacred water is willing , those of the east will notice our absence not . '' 
 the commander of the red but nodded his head before replying , `` the troops will be ready and we will do our part to keep the mounted troops of the east occupied . '' 
 when heather returned to the campfire of those of the forest , she told jeremy , `` we must head east . 
 i would leave two hours before sunup . '' 
 jeremy replied , `` we will be ready , but some are out scouting . '' 
 heather replied , `` they will find us . 
 i would some go ahead when the moon arises and scout our way . '' 
 she then added , `` we are looking for a supply caravan which i expect is headed this way . '' 
 the remaining night passed quickly , and in the light of the half moon those of the forest prepared to depart . 
 those of the red who had marched previously with them arrived ready to travel , and they moved off to the north in a silent , somewhat disorganized column . 
 as always those of the forest came and went , keeping heather informed of what lay ahead . 
 they traveled for several hours before stopping along the river . 
 heather felt it was safe to cross the river , for they had put many miles between themselves and the mounted troops of the east . 
 the river cooperated not , and it was not an acceptable place to cross . 
 heather and the others rested until the scouts found a suitable crossing a few miles upstream . 
 after crossing the river they headed east until they came upon the unmistakable track that the army from the east had left . 
 with scouts ahead , they simply traveled back along the same track . 
 it was nightfall when scouts brought back word of an approaching convoy of wagons guarded by about thirty mounted troops . 
 the evening meal was without any campfires , for heather wanted no chance of discovery . 
 they told their stories in a circle as always , but without the campfire they brought little joy . 
 many had already retired to the tents when one of the scouts returned , accompanied by stan of those left behind . 
 those of the forest welcomed stan as a long-lost family member , and it was some time before he was allowed to tell the story . 
 as heather had requested , stan and those left behind had mounted a series of delaying attacks on the column from the east . 
 the mounted troops were formidable and several of those left behind fell victim to the swords and spears of the mounted troops . 
 for the most part they worked by distracting as many of the troops as possible and then attacking the rearmost wagon . 
 those of the east had learned to circle the wagons when attacked , which limited their success but did slow the progress of the column . 
 heather asked what they had found in the wagons . 
 stan explained , `` we have only captured a couple of the wagons and they contained strong wooden tubes with metal bases and many metal balls . '' 
 he added , `` the wagons are heavy and their progress is slower than the normal pace of those of the forest despite the four horses pulling each wagon . '' 
 heather asked , `` a cannon like daniel 's ? '' 
 stan scrunched up his face as he thought before he replied , `` the balls are bigger and made out of some sort of black metal . 
 the tubes are almost twice as long as daniel 's cannon and have a small chamber on the back . '' 
 he then added , `` we have found no supply of powder , and instead of the packing rod that daniel uses it had just a bunch of sticks and small boards with the tube . '' 
 heather was lost in thought and let the stories continue around her . 
 this was obviously a weapon like daniel 's cannon but she could figure not how it worked . 
 those from the east were expending significant resources in the transport and protection so they must be of great value . 
 she interrupted the stories to ask more questions about the lay of the land . 
 there seemed no easy approach for a surprise attack . 
 her thoughts were interrupted when a scout returned and reported that a large group of mounted troops had separated from the main force and were camped a half day 's journey to the west . 
 she thought for but a moment before announcing , `` we attack with the rising of the sun . 
 i would we approach from the southeast and use the sun as a shield . 
 those of the forest will launch the attack with the sun at their backs , and then those of the red must move in from the south . '' 
 jeremy spoke up , saying , `` we should allow two hours for proper positioning . 
 the country is fairly open and we should be able to travel well despite the small moon . 
 the moon will arise about three hours before dawn . '' 
 heather but nodded in appreciation and said , `` we will arise with the moon . 
 i pray to the god of the sacred water that all can get some rest yet tonight . '' 
 despite her fatigue heather found sleep difficult , and again it was betty who seemed to appear in her dreams and bring freedom from her anxiety . 
 the moon was barely showing its crescent above the trees when jeremy aroused the camp . 
 a simple meal of travel rations and they were on the move . 
 heather simply followed the one in the forest in front of her , knowing not how they found the trail in the darkness . 
 scouts came and went , traveling quickly with their loping run , bringing reports about the terrain ahead and the status of the enemy 's camp . 
 when they arrived at a point directly south of the enemy 's camp , those of the red took the opportunity to rest , for keeping up with those of the forest was a most difficult task . 
 heather told them , `` wait until the sun is clear of the horizon and then attack as a spear point . 
 we will need protection from the mounted troops . 
 our goal is to destroy the wagons and the weapons they contain . '' 
 she then added , `` may the god of the sacred water watch over you . '' 
 those of the forest continued moving to the east and north . 
 the enemy 's camp was coming to life with the cooking fires becoming visible . 
 they rested but a short time before heather said , `` i would the sentries be found and eliminated . '' 
 those of the forest who were best with a knife discussed amongst themselves their plan and moved off silently . 
 the glow of the sun to the east was becoming visible . 
 jeremy announced , `` time to move forward . '' 
 heather but said , `` i pray to the god of the sacred water for your safety . 
 if possible , we need to scatter the horses and spread the fire . '' 
 jeremy led them off at a much slower pace , clearing their path of sticks which might have broken when stepped on . 
 they moved in silence and could hear the snoring of the troops before the camp itself was visible . 
 edna stayed at heather 's side while jeremy and others silently entered the camp . 
 heather sat motionless , hardly daring to breathe , listening with all her might . 
 she detected a few soft thuds but no general alarm was yet raised . 
 with the sun now almost half exposed over the horizon their attack continued , with the cooking fires used to begin spreading a general fire beneath the wagons . 
 this was enough to arouse the sleeping troops and the general alarm was sounded . 
 with the confusion now evident , some of the forest worked feverishly to free the horses . 
 the general troops reacted slowly , but the mounted troops had a greater discipline and their officer soon had them organized and running towards their horses . 
 those of the forest were greatly outnumbered but had surprise on their side . 
 as the enemy worked to extinguish the fires , those of the forest flitted behind cover , attacking with their arrows . 
 the enemy of the east was only partially successful in extinguishing the fires , and finally formed a defensive perimeter which limited those of the forest . 
 the commotion amongst the horses delayed the mounted troops but a little . 
 before the sun was fully above the horizon , the first of the troops had fitted his horse and himself with armor and went on the attack . 
 heather and edna were providing the initial backup defense and the rider headed directly towards them . 
 edna readied her bow and fired as soon as possible , but the arrow simply bounced off the armor . 
 heather , with her sword drawn , stepped out to take on the charging soldier . 
 her quickness allowed her to dart to the side every time the horse charged . 
 the fearsome creature would rear up and the soldier would strike downward with the sword . 
 she could deflect his sword thrust but not the ironclad hooves of his steed . 
 the best she could do was to dive to the side at the last minute , using her sword to fend off the down stroke of the soldier 's deadly weapon . 
 this mouse game continued while edna repeatedly struck with her arrows , which penetrated not . 
 heather was concentrating so hard that she saw not the small rocks . 
 as she again dove to the side as the horse 's hoofs were descending upon her , the rocks caught her foot and ankle . 
 it was not so much the pain of the fracture as the sound of the breaking bone which seemed to radiate to her inner self . 
 unable to rise , she could but crouch with the sword in front for protection . 
 the soldier reared back mercilessly on the reins , causing the horse to rear high above heather , who could only see the metal-clad hooves which were about to crush her . 
 she was determined to get one last strike in even if she could evade no longer , and planned on plunging her sword into the soldier 's underside even as the horse descended upon her . 
 edna was frantically trying to penetrate the armor of the mounted soldier . 
 she drew her last arrow , which was one of the slicing arrows they had found at the previous battle site . 
 she again drew a bead on the chest of the attacking soldier , and then a calmness seemed to settle on her as she heard betty . 
 without knowing why , she raised her point of sight from the chest to the soldier 's neck and let her arrow fly . 
 the arrow penetrated the soft space between the soldier 's helmet and his chest protector , severing the carotid artery in its passage . 
 blood poured forth from the wound and the soldier screamed but a little before collapsing . 
 as the pressure on the bit relaxed , the horse also relaxed and seemed to turn slightly to the side as he returned its hooves to the ground , just missing heather . 
 blood from the soldier continued to pour forth for a little longer , staining both the side of the horse and heather , but she cared not . 
 she tried to stand but her foot would not hold her weight . 
 with edna 's help they dragged the soldier from the saddle and heather , using her good foot , pulled herself up on the horse . 
 by now those of the red had fully entered the battle , and although they outnumbered the enemy of the east it was a hard-fought battle . 
 those of the forest withdrew slightly and surrounded heather , who said , `` we need to save one of the wagons to transport our injured . '' 
 edna spoke up , saying , `` concentrate your arrows on the neck of the enemy , for they will penetrate not their body armor . '' 
 those of the forest with remaining arrows joined with those of the red in the attack , and in a short time the battle came to an end . 
 heather glanced at the sun , which seemed to be racing across the sky and was now halfway to its highest point . 
 she said only , `` we must leave our dead behind and use the wagons as a funeral pyre . 
 save one of the wagons for transport of our wounded and prepare to depart . '' 
 it took not long to select one of the few undamaged wagons and gather enough horses , but longer to pile the wagons , some of which were actively burning . 
 those of the forest brought two of theirs to the funeral pyre and those of the red contributed many more . 
 heather said out loud for all , `` may the god of the sacred water take you safely back to the forest . '' 
 they were emptying the one salvaged wagon and heather asked , `` can the horses handle both our wounded and one of the tubes ? '' 
 jeremy shrugged and said , `` if we travel at a slower pace . '' 
 after thinking a bit more , he added , `` we will need to travel slower anyway because of our walking wounded . '' 
 by the time they had crossed the river the dust of the approaching mounted troops was visible in the distance . 
 their travel was impeded , for they had no road for the wagon to travel on . 
 scouts of the forest kept coming and going , bringing back reports . 
 the mounted troops had traveled hard when the smoke became visible , but when they arrived the fire had progressed and was consuming all they had hoped to protect . 
 they followed the trail of those of the forest to the river crossing , but stopped at the water 's edge and conferred . 
 their leader was obviously unwilling to risk his troops facing a force of unknown size with the likelihood of ambushes . 
 they turned around and returned from whence they had come , but at a much slower pace , for their horses were now fatigued . 
 heather and her troops traveled but a little further before heather called a halt . 
 she needed help dismounting the horse and was unable to stand on her left foot , which was turned at a funny angle . 
 despite her efforts , a small cry escaped as she tried to support herself , and she needed the help of others . 
 they made their camp early and did the best they could for their wounded . 
 edna carefully strapped heather 's foot and ankle but the foot was still rotated outward . 
 jeremy began crafting a crutch out of branches for her , wishing daniel was there to practice his craft . 
 they had accomplished their goal but little celebrating was done , for the cost had been high . 
 chapter 11 the mood aboard captain cook 's ship was solemn as they sailed away , leaving heather and the others of the forest behind . 
 only betty seemed cheery enough as she played with the two young boys . 
 other than some rough water rounding the great cape , the journey was without incident and they arrived safely at the home of larby 's people . 
 they were welcomed as family and larby 's mother insisted that betty and the two little ones stay ashore with her . 
 they celebrated in the fashion of larby 's people , and even the dignitaries of the north and south kingdoms participated in the celebration . 
 the food was that which the sea provided , and although foreign to the visitors ' taste was pleasing enough to the palate . 
 the wine was made from the berries of the giant kelp plant and had a strong bitter flavor , but served its purpose well . 
 the feast started with a few simple words from the elders , which larby and the young priest translated for the rest of the guests . 
 the food was served in bowls made of dried leaves of the giant kelp plant and eaten with fingers or a simple spoon carved of wood . 
 the honored guests were centered around the fire with rings of villagers circling around on the open beach . 
 those of the red who manned the lookout kept together on the outer edge . 
 the fire was allowed to burn low , and then the coals were scraped from the underlying pit , which contained a whole young lion of the sea which had been slowly roasting for about two days . 
 music began to emanate from simple drums from one of the outer circles , as with great ceremony the beast was lifted from the pit . 
 the beat of the drums gradually increased in tempo and volume until the beast was carefully set before the elders , who each sampled a slice of the meat . 
 as they nodded their acceptance , the drumming stopped and the general applause went up . 
 the fire was rekindled from the coals , and with great ceremony the beast was skinned with their simple knives and generous helpings served first to their visitors . 
 jason and the others watched carefully the elders who ate not until all had been served . 
 when the elders ate , all others began eating . 
 daniel was amazed that the meat had lost most of the fishy flavor that he remembered from the last time that they had eaten the lion of the sea , which now seemed so long ago . 
 the vegetable dish was a mix of greens harvested from the shallow water and steamed over an open fire . 
 it had a strong salty flavor and was somewhat chewy . 
 the wine was served in small bowls made of the dried leaf of the giant kelp plant , which had somehow been molded and seemed to resist getting wet . 
 each serving of wine was not much more than a single swallow , but someone always refilled the bowls as soon as they were empty . 
 in the darkness of night , the fire provided the only light . 
 when the last of the elders had finished eating , a more formal welcome was proclaimed by one of the elders . 
 jason stood , and although his great bulk had been much reduced , he still appeared a giant amongst larby 's people . 
 with the help of larby and the young priest , he thanked the people for their kindness . 
 he said , `` we were once a single people living in peace . 
 i would that time would come again and peace would be restored with regular trade amongst all . '' 
 he added , `` only the god of the sacred water or your god of the sea knows what will be , but i pledge to support your people and work for the protection of all . '' 
 the stories then began in earnest , with larby and the young priest working hard to translate so all could understand . 
 without jeremy the stories had a bit less drama but were well heard . 
 jason was most interested in the stories of the beginnings of larby 's people . 
 he much wished that he had enough light to record the stories but instead hoped the young priest would remember . 
 like his own people , these people had only a hint of their true origins , which were traced back to the great city now controlled by those of the red . 
 daniel was content to just listen but much missed his bride , and the thought of her brought back great worry for her safety . 
 in the morning many were slow to fully awaken , for the wine had great power that was not perceived by those unfamiliar with it . 
 it was only after breaking the fast that daniel asked of the listener who had accompanied them on the rescue mission . 
 larby explained that he and many others had left to explore the route to the island where jason and the others had been marooned . 
 it took several days to restock the ship and still no one was ready to depart other than the delegates from the northern kingdom , who continued complaining and wished to return to their homes . 
 jason , despite the demands of the delegates , always found another reason to delay a bit longer . 
 finally jason had enough of their complaining and announced , `` you are prisoners not and free to go as you wish . 
 if you wish to travel aboard our ship , you will leave when we are ready . '' 
 his tone left no doubt but that he would tolerate no more complaining . 
 daniel kept himself busy with his healing , but his thoughts returned to heather and the danger she faced whenever his mind was not occupied . 
 when jason and captain cook could find no other excuse for extending their stay , they were about to announce their planned departure when betty spoke up and said simply , `` not yet . '' 
 the delegates from the northern kingdom could not help themselves and complained bitterly that anyone would listen to a half brain , but neither jason nor captain cook would respond to their complaints . 
 in the morning betty appeared at the breaking of the fast dressed for travel , saying , `` we go back . '' 
 jason was a bit confused at first and had to ask , `` you mean we should leave for our homes ? '' 
 betty responded in a straightforward manner but had a puzzled look on her face as she said , `` no , the princess needs our help . '' 
 daniel tried his best to get more information from betty , who seemed a bit flustered by the questioning . 
 she did her best to explain . 
 `` the princess is hurt and you must fix her . '' 
 daniel responded , `` how badly is she hurt ? 
 is she bleeding ? '' 
 betty just shrugged her shoulders and continued to eat ; she said , while chewing , `` her foot hurts , ca n't walk . '' 
 jason and captain cook said not but listened intently . 
 without discussion it was accepted that they would do as betty had commanded , and planning was begun . 
 captain cook asked about the delegates and jason replied , `` it would be best if we left them here in the safe care of larby 's people , for i fear they would be a great liability in time of crisis . '' 
 the one delegate who was up began complaining that they could not leave them behind with the dreadful food and housing of larby 's people . 
 jason responded , `` here you have someone to watch over your safety and their food is far better than what we had when we were marooned . '' 
 he then added in a voice of command , `` you and the other delegates will stay and do as the elders say . '' 
 the delegate objected , saying , `` we do not even speak their language . '' 
 jason just stared at him for a moment before responding , `` are you too old to learn ? 
 these people have much to teach us and i would you take the time to learn from them . '' 
 daniel , whose mind was filled with both dread and anticipation , asked , `` what of the babies ? '' 
 betty , who was still not done eating , said simply , `` babies stay here with grandma . '' 
 captain cook had been consulting his notes and said , `` the tide will be favorable in two hours . '' 
 jason , who had automatically assumed his position as commander , responded , `` we sail in two hours . '' 
 despite their long period of preparation , the departure itself was always somewhat frantic . 
 by the time daniel had finished saying goodbye to his baby son and wiped the tears from his eyes , everyone else was aboard and ready to depart . 
 larby 's mother said not but simply smiled as she accepted the baby back from daniel . 
 the two infant boys , one of whom could not yet crawl , seemed quite content with their `` grandmother . '' 
 daniel was taken out to the ship in one of the fishermen 's canoes and climbed aboard , but could not help but look at the cave house where his son would be kept safe . 
 captain cook gave the order to raise the mainsail to half and to pull the anchor . 
 the ship began to respond quite slowly to the gentle breeze blowing , and by the time the anchor was free of the bottom , it was moving forward . 
 with larby aboard to help with navigation , they made the passage through the narrows without difficulty . 
 as the sea opened before them , the remaining sails were raised and the ship began to surge forward under the power of the wind . 
 the creaking and groaning of the wood ship as it responded to the wind and the waves of the sea seemed almost like music to jason 's ears . 
 the smell of the salt spray seemed to make all of his senses come alive . 
 he instinctively knew he could be of the sea , but the chains of his inheritance had made him a servant of his people . 
 he thought not of his kingdom and the responsibilities of the throne , but of the freedom the sea represented . 
 edna had helped heather prepare for the night , but they removed her soft boot not for they feared what they might find . 
 the slightest touch of the ankle would cause heather to break out in a sweat , but she cried out not . 
 the morning came and with edna 's help , heather completed the morning ritual . 
 edna reported that she had heard betty , and she and daniel were on their way . 
 heather wanted to know how that could be -- because by her reckoning they should have already arrived at the southern kingdom . 
 edna could explain not other than that betty felt they would arrive in several days . 
 heather asked not more questions , and just accepted what she had learned while she hobbled to the campfire for the breaking of the fast . 
 once jeremy and edna had helped heather mount her horse , their small army moved off . 
 heather was forever talking to her horse , which was almost pure white and somewhat smaller than the horses of her kingdom . 
 it was high-spirited but responded easily to her gentle guidance . 
 the gait of the horse gradually transitioned from the jarring prancing to a more smooth flowing motion as heather and the horse became ever more linked . 
 the jarring forced heather to wince in pain but she complained not . 
 by the end of the day they met up with the remaining portion of the red army , which had also begun to retreat , for the enemy had disappeared . 
 the commander of the red met with heather as stories were being told around the campfire and they reviewed what had transpired . 
 they were both in agreement that whatever the tubes were , they were very important to the enemy from the east . 
 they debated sending another messenger to the one called don the great , but the prior messengers had not yet returned and they felt the risk too great . 
 as the combined camp was preparing to depart the temporary camp , heather sent scouts forward to their permanent camp in the wilderness north of the great city . 
 she sent others to watch for daniel and betty in the smugglers cove where they had landed . 
 they traveled relatively slowly , for they had many injured among the supplies from the captured wagons . 
 the red commander frequently walked alongside heather as they discussed the possibilities for the next stage of the conflict . 
 as they finally neared their permanent camp , the young navigator and the hunters from the forest who had been his escort arrived . 
 their return had been complicated greatly by the invasion force , which had landed to the west . 
 the invaders were establishing a permanent camp but had not yet begun their assault on the city walls . 
 the young navigator and the hunters brought with them a return message from the red ambassador . 
 `` to heather , commander of the wilderness forces of the scarlet king : `` the enemy has reached our shores both to the east , as you well know , and to the west . 
 they have not yet begun their assault and i assume they are waiting for arrival of the final phase of their sea attack . 
 our walls are stout , but with time even they may be insufficient to protect our great city and our scarlet king . 
 i fear hard times ahead . 
 `` communication will become increasingly difficult , and i , as is the custom of your people , pray to the god of the sacred water for assistance in this time of our struggle . 
 i trust your decisions and the ability of the commander serving under you . 
 your help is much undeserved and i will forever be thankful in the name of our scarlet king . '' 
 it was signed simply don . 
 the message seemed to contain no real information , and both heather and the commander were puzzled by its meaning . 
 the back of the scroll was heavily decorated by a series of geometric patterns which almost seemed to make letters . 
 heather asked the young navigator , `` do you know the meaning of this scroll ? '' 
 the young navigator shook his head in the negative , saying only , `` there was great concern about our possible capture so i think they were afraid to share much knowledge . '' 
 heather again studied the decorative patterns on the back of the scroll , and got a faraway look in her eyes as she realized that she had seen such a pattern before . 
 it was back in the ice cave of knowledge , and the door was carved with similar patterns . 
 she was quiet for some time before again looking at the commander of the red , saying , `` i think the real message is in the decorations , but i know not how to interpret it . '' 
 the red commander asked , `` is it some sort of code ? '' 
 `` not a code as such , but a very ancient way of writing . 
 if only our young priest was here he may be able to interpret it . '' 
 the red commander asked , `` will he be traveling with your daniel ? '' 
 heather but shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` i know not . '' 
 the next few days passed with the scouts being very busy and all others kept busy with the normal work of an army : cleaning and repairing weapons and preparing for the next battle . 
 the pain in heather 's ankle grew not worse , but it would bear her weight not and remained twisted at a funny angle . 
 darkness had already fallen when a scout reported that travelers approached . 
 heather could not contain her excitement , knowing that it was probably daniel and betty , and tried to stand without using her crutch . 
 it was only edna 's close attention that kept her from falling . 
 she dutifully sat back down and tried to patiently wait . 
 when those of the ship finally arrived , heather again rose , but this time with edna 's assistance , hugging her daniel for all she was worth and then betty . 
 they had traveled hard and before hearing their story she had food served to them . 
 jeremy spoke up , saying , `` i would share my ale with you but unfortunately we have none . '' 
 as they finished eating , the stories started and heather 's worry about her son subsided somewhat when she realized that larby 's mother was in charge of his care . 
 daniel insisted on examining heather 's ankle by touch , and even through her boot could feel the twisted bone . 
 she winced and broke out in a sweat from the pain but said not . 
 daniel said only , `` we wait for the light of day , but must reset the bone . '' 
 daniel and heather sat around the campfire with the others as the stories were told . 
 jeremy was just finishing the story of their wild wagon ride during their battle , and with attention centered on him , daniel and heather left for the privacy of their tent . 
 with the coming of the morning light , daniel rose and began to prepare for what he needed to do . 
 he tried not to think of heather as his bride but of a patient needing his healing . 
 when she awoke , he said only , `` prepare for the day but break the fast not . '' 
 as heather completed the morning ritual with the help of betty , daniel sought out jeremy . 
 the look on daniel 's face was solemn enough that jeremy knew he was in trouble , and asked only , `` when do you need my help ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` in a few minutes . 
 it will not be pleasant . '' 
 jeremy replied , `` many things with you are not pleasant . 
 it may be best if we kept to telling of stories and enjoying our ale . '' 
 daniel but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` i do what i must do . '' 
 he then added , `` i much wish that this burden would fall on someone else , but it is as the god of the sacred water has deemed . '' 
 when daniel returned to their tent he found heather prepared for the day . 
 he explained , `` i must re-break the bone for it to heal properly . 
 there will be much pain . '' 
 heather nodded in acceptance and asked with obvious apprehension , `` will the ether help ? '' 
 daniel nodded and said , `` the ether will help , but yet the pain will be significant and it would be normal for one to cry out . '' 
 when jeremy arrived he carefully poured a little of his precious ether onto a cloth and had jeremy hold it over heather 's nose . 
 the strong smell burned her nose and lungs as she breathed , but she did as told . 
 when her eyes became heavy daniel began to carefully remove her boot . 
 the gentle movements were enough to arouse heather , who asked for a stick to bite on . 
 betty quickly found a suitable stick ; heather clamped down on it with her teeth and inhaled deeply of the ether . 
 when daniel finally got the soft boot off , he found , as he had expected , an almost right angle to the bone just above the ankle . 
 both the large and small bones were broken but he could detect no movement when he tried gently moving the foot . 
 this meant that healing had already progressed significantly and he knew that re-breaking the bone was going to be difficult . 
 daniel told jeremy to hold heather firmly under the arms , as he placed his own foot against her bent knee and began to pull ever so firmly on the broken foot . 
 as he increased pressure , heather broke out into a sweat . 
 despite the ether , she was groaning loudly with the stick firmly clamped between her teeth . 
 daniel pulled as hard as he thought he could , and still the bone moved not . 
 the pain he was causing his bride was more than he could endure and he stopped pulling . 
 the tears in his eyes were very evident , and he said , `` i can fix her not , for the pain is too great . '' 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` the princess tough . 
 you fix her . '' 
 daniel objected , saying , `` i pulled as hard as i dare . 
 i can not re-break the bone and heal her . '' 
 betty said , `` pull harder . . 
 fix her . '' 
 daniel was about to object further , but the look on betty 's face compelled him to try once again . 
 he told jeremy , `` hold her in your arms and cross your legs over hers so i can push against your legs for more leverage . 
 try giving her a little bit more of the ether but not so much that her eyes close completely . '' 
 when they had repositioned and jeremy had crossed his legs over heather , daniel placed his feet against jeremy 's knee and lower leg thus straddling heather 's broken leg . 
 as the ether deepened heather 's sleepiness he again began to pull her foot , gradually increasing the pressure as he leaned back . 
 heather again broke out in a cold sweat and was groaning loudly ; daniel feared he would be unable to pull any harder . 
 he glanced at betty , who was concentrating hard on something and a calmness came over him . 
 he no longer was seeing his bride in great pain , but rather was visualizing the bones themselves . 
 by changing the angle of his pull slightly he could visualize the forces on the bones . 
 he leaned back even harder , pulling against the fracture , and suddenly the healing bones let free and the foot straightened . 
 the cracking sound was audible and only partially covered by the scream that heather let out . 
 the sensation of the bones moving and grating against each other was far more evident to daniel , who had such a firm grasp on her foot and ankle . 
 with the bones now aligned , daniel began to very slowly relax the pressure on the foot and ankle . 
 jeremy was about to give heather some more of the ether , but daniel stopped him , saying only , `` it is done . '' 
 daniel carefully felt for the pulse on the top of the foot and was relieved by the strength he felt . 
 as heather began to breathe more normally , he carefully wrapped the ankle with a supportive cloth and with betty 's help pulled the soft boot back on . 
 he used more of his supportive cloth wrap around the outside of the boot to further stabilize the ankle . 
 only when he was finished did he realize that he too was drenched in sweat as was his true friend jeremy . 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` you go eat . 
 i take care of princess . '' 
 daniel and jeremy joined the others of the forest who were still finishing the breaking of the fast . 
 no one mentioned the work they had been doing or the screaming that they heard . 
 the talk was mostly of the forest and of the different hunts they were planning on their return . 
 daniel and jeremy said little , letting the normalcy of the campfire and the talk of the hunters quiet the turmoil they felt within . 
 when one finally asked daniel of heather , he replied , `` the foot will heal , but the setting of the bone was not pleasant . '' 
 it was late morning before heather and betty appeared at the campfire . 
 she remained pale but was moving with the aid of her crutch fairly well . 
 daniel and jeremy had spent the morning carving another crutch with a better handhold and many decorative figures carved into the wood . 
 heather accepted the gift with a gentle smile and broke the fast with but a little food . 
 betty kept insisting that she needed to eat more , but daniel knew the weak appetite was from the ether and would pass soon enough . 
 by midafternoon heather was no longer the patient but again in command , asking questions about supplies and the well being of everyone . 
 she arranged for a meeting with the commander of the red and at that time introduced him to daniel and betty . 
 their talk was mostly of the need for additional food supplies for an army needing to be fed . 
 daniel spoke up , saying , `` there are others from the ship headed our way bringing dried fish . '' 
 the commander of the red looked at heather and asked , `` is the one you referred to as a young priest amongst those coming ? '' 
 heather shrugged her shoulders and turned towards daniel for a response . 
 daniel replied , `` he was not needed for the sailing of the ship , and i would expect him to volunteer , but he is not used to carrying heavy loads . '' 
 he then asked , `` why is this important ? '' 
 heather explained , `` we received a message from the red ambassador which said little , but the back of the scroll was decorated much like the door to the cave of knowledge . 
 i was hoping the decorations were in fact the real message , but i can read it not . '' 
 at daniel 's request the commander of the red produced the scroll and daniel began examining the decorative design . 
 he then began leafing through his tattered notebook and found a small sketch he had made of the door . 
 the similarity in design was obvious as were the differences in the detail . 
 he said only , `` we must wait and hope that the young priest is with those carrying our supplies . '' 
 the talk turned to the metal and wood tubes that those of the east had worked so hard to protect and transport . 
 daniel 's interest again was significant and he had many questions , but heather had no answers . 
 she finally said , `` i would you and jeremy spend time and learn the secrets of the tubes , for i think they are some sort of cannon but use not powder . '' 
 jeremy was more than happy to be involved in something that could lead to another explosion . 
 he showed daniel the tube they had captured and the round balls , which appeared to fit well into the end of the tube . 
 daniel picked up one of the balls and rolled it down the tube . 
 a definite metallic thunk was appreciated when it reached the end . 
 but tipping the tube allowed the ball to simply roll out . 
 he was most interested in the base of the tube , which was stained from the heat of the fire . 
 on the top of the base was an opening with a tight fitting cover that swiveled on a hinge pin . 
 the area was stained , and daniel actually licked the stain trying to determine if it was from his powder . 
 the taste was metallic salt in nature without the bitterness of his powder . 
 small areas of rust were evident around the cover , and it took jeremy some work to get the cover to swing free . 
 daniel sat and thought while jeremy worked . 
 it seemed as if the metallic base was designed to be heated in the fire , and water was most certainly added through the small opening at the top . 
 but how did that produce energy to fire a cannon ball ? 
 they asked a few others to help reposition the cannon tube so that the tube was supported by rocks ; the metallic base sat over a small fire pit they created . 
 as jeremy built the fire and heated the base , daniel experimented with ways of adding water . 
 as the metal warmed , the water quickly turned to steam and the small opening needed to be closed quickly without daniel getting burned by the escaping steam . 
 when it seemed as if they understood how the water was added , daniel had jeremy load the cannon tube with one of the round balls . 
 they made sure the cannon was pointed away from the camp . 
 daniel added some water and closed the small port . 
 they could easily hear the hissing as the water turned to steam and the pressure began to build . 
 as the pressure built , the cannonball began rolling out the end of the tube and simply fell to the ground as the steam escaped out the end of the tube . 
 jeremy exclaimed , `` now , that is what i would call a very disappointing explosion . '' 
 daniel sat scratching his head and thinking . 
 after some time he finally said , `` they must have had a way of keeping the cannonball sealed at the base of the tube until the pressure built up . '' 
 jeremy asked , `` what are these iron loops for at the end of the tube ? '' 
 daniel responded not but simply watched his friend , who began trying to fit all sorts of things into the hoops which extended just pass the barrel . 
 in the wagon were many pieces of wood , and the short ones seemed to fit quite well against the end of the tube being held by the iron loops . 
 they put another cannonball into the tube and placed one of the wood pieces across the end of the barrel . 
 daniel again added the water , which began to immediately turn to steam . 
 as before , the cannonball rolled to the end of the tube until it was wedged up against the small board which blocked the end of the tube . 
 now the steam began escaping around the edge of the cannonball but nothing more happened . 
 daniel was thinking hard now and asked to see the board jeremy had used . 
 in the very center was a small cut which seemed to have been made with great care . 
 he asked jeremy , `` do all the short boards have this same cut ? '' 
 jeremy began rummaging around in the wagon and called back , `` looks like . '' 
 daniel then asked , `` are there longer sticks about the length of the tube ? '' 
 after a bit more rummaging , jeremy called back , `` there is a bundle of skinny sticks about that length . 
 do you want some of them ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` bring the bundle and a few more of the short ones . '' 
 they built the fire back up and this time they rolled the cannonball down the tube , but held it in place with one of the long skinny sticks , which pushed tightly against the small board wedged across the end of the barrel . 
 when daniel added some water and closed the small port , the pressure quickly built until the force on the board wedged across the end of the tube became too great and it broke . 
 when it broke , the long skinny stick and the cannonball were ejected at great speed . 
 there was no explosion , just the sound of breaking wood and the rush of the air as the cannonball began its journey . 
 at first daniel and jeremy just stood and stared at how far the cannonball had gone , and then they began to hoot and holler as they danced around in a victory celebration . 
 they made enough of a commotion that they were soon joined by heather and the commander of the red as well as many others . 
 little encouragement was needed for daniel and jeremy to again set up the steam cannon for another demonstration . 
 as the metal base was heating , daniel explained the principle of using the partially cut board to regulate the pressure in the cannon . 
 when the base was hot and the cannonball loaded , daniel again added the water , which began hissing and turning to steam immediately . 
 as before , when the pressure built sufficiently , the board blocking the end of the barrel broke along the previously cut mark and the retaining board and cannonball came flying out of the cannon accompanied by a cloud of steam but little noise . 
 daniel and jeremy could not help but again hoot and holler a bit at the success of the firing . 
 when the commotion had settled down , heather asked , `` but can you hit anything with the steam cannon ? '' 
 daniel was quiet for a bit before saying , `` it would seem the critical component is the strength of the board retaining the cannonball . 
 the saw cut determines the pressure that is allowed to build up , and if it is uniform it should be almost as accurate as a cannon using the powder . '' 
 discussion turned to how the weapon could be used . 
 the commander of the red expressed his concern that it would be subject to capture by the mounted troops of those from the east . 
 heather agreed and also added , `` the advantage of height would be significant . '' 
 this discussion was interrupted by news of the arrival of others from the ship carrying supplies . 
 they were loaded heavily and could but travel slowly . 
 amongst them was indeed the young priest , who carried a surprisingly large burden for one of the city . 
 as they were relieved of their loads , food was brought out and the evening meal started early as their story was heard . 
 as others ate and told stories , heather and the commander of the red continued their meeting . 
 mostly they discussed the shortage of supplies , for even though they had confiscated much from those of the east , they had supplies for only another week or two at the most . 
 after discussing many options , it was decided that the only practical method was to create a supply line connecting their forces back over the mountains to the cove where those of the red had wintered . 
 the commander of the red felt that his people remaining behind would be capable of ferrying the supplies to the top of the ridge , but would need help in lowering those supplies down the cliff face . 
 after they had worked out a plan for establishing the supply line , their discussion again turned to the steam cannon . 
 they both agreed that it would best serve their needs if it could somehow be brought within the city walls . 
 this discussion reminded heather of the scroll and she asked the young priest to join them . 
 he examined the back of the scroll carefully , turning it towards the fire to bring out the detail of the decorative pattern . 
 he then sat back on his heels with his eyes closed , as he searched through the pictures in his mind trying to make sense of the pattern . 
 he finally spoke , saying , `` it is written as was the door on the cave of knowledge , but some of the forms have been copied poorly and i can not be positive of the meaning . 
 maybe with more study and better light i could be more sure . '' 
 heather could not help but roll her eyes slightly , for the young priest was forever cautious about his ability . 
 she asked him , `` what think you is the major message ? '' 
 the young priest but looked at the ground and said not for some time before replying , `` it would seem to describe a secret passage into the palace . '' 
 heather turned towards the commander of the red and asked , `` do you know of such a passage ? '' 
 the commander the red replied , `` i know of no such passage . '' 
 after a moment of thought he added , `` there is much mysticism of the ancient ones who once occupied our city . 
 they were great builders and could have certainly built a secret passage . '' 
 chapter 12 jason and the others aboard their ship had watched daniel and the others of the forest make their way inland , leaving them behind . 
 captain cook gave the orders to set sail . 
 they headed offshore in a waiting pattern , returning each afternoon to look for a light signal on the headland . 
 the days wore on with their routine of sharing watches , but frustration continued to grow , as their inactivity seemed endless and their worry of their friends increased . 
 jason was at the helm slowly tacking back and forth , going nowhere , just out of sight of land , when the lookout spotted two ships abeam in the far distance . 
 jason put his book down and stared , but was unable to see the ships until they were actually pointed out as small dots , visible only occasionally with the swells . 
 jason changed course and headed towards the ships , saying , `` seems like we should see who they are . '' 
 they allowed captain cook to continue his rest until they were sure that they were indeed the black ships from the east . 
 the day was growing old and jason directed their course back out to sea . 
 enough light remained so that they could tell that the black ships also changed course and were giving pursuit . 
 as night fell , captain cook and jason conferred . 
 jason said , `` from my reading it would seem that our ship should outperform theirs when headed into the wind , but suffer when sailing downwind . 
 i would propose we test this before engaging them in battle . '' 
 captain cook responded , `` the game of cat and mouse , then ? '' 
 jason but nodded and was silent for a moment before responding . 
 `` i would not wish to risk the lives of your crew , but feel we must test the capability of the invaders . 
 i expect our cannons will give us a significant advantage in battle . '' 
 captain cook stared at the distant sails in the fading light and thought for a moment before replying , `` assuming our speeds remain stable , it will be dawn before they draw near enough to do battle . 
 you are sailing with partially reefed sails and we have some margin of safety . 
 i think we can play the part of the mouse safely enough . '' 
 he added , `` there are two of their ships with larger crews . 
 it is a dangerous game we play . '' 
 there was intensity on jason 's face that captain cook had not noted before , and he replied , `` i have been studying the writings of the last war and need to prove that my calculations are correct . 
 it is time we joined this battle and did our part . '' 
 captain cook replied only , `` i will inform the crew and doubt that there will be any dissent . '' 
 he asked , `` when would you do battle ? '' 
 jason thought for a bit before replying , `` the weather seems stable , so i assume the wind will remain from the west . 
 i would we gradually change course after morning light to the east , allowing the black ships to gain further on us . 
 i would then again change direction and race abeam the wind to test their ability . '' 
 he added , `` we can then either flee upwind or turn and do battle with our cannons . '' 
 captain cook replied not for some time as he considered jason 's plan . 
 he finally spoke : `` i will take this watch . 
 you should get some rest , for tomorrow there will be little rest . '' 
 jason headed below , stopping at the galley for some food that he ate while pacing back and forth in the small galley space . 
 he headed to his cabin and lay on his bunk with his mind racing , trying to analyze fully what he had read of the last battle . 
 the motion of the ship and the regular creaking sounds eventually relaxed him enough for sleep . 
 dawn was approaching when he finally awoke . 
 the galley was already busy serving the crew , but room was made for jason who , despite his royalty , was well accepted by all aboard the ship for his natural ability to be of the sea . 
 when jason arrived topside , captain cook explained , `` the black ships of the east have closed on us a bit more than i expected , but i have not yet fully raised our sails . 
 they sail with lamps lit so they must fear us not . '' 
 jason asked , `` how long until they close to within striking distance ? '' 
 captain cook rubbed the course stubble on his chin while he thought , before replying , `` if we changed not our sails or course they are probably four to six hours from catching us . '' 
 jason stared long at the black ships which were slowly closing upon them before replying , `` i would we continue the role of the mouse for a while yet so i can document their speed , and then fully raise our sails to measure the speed difference . '' 
 he added , `` then we shall become the cat . '' 
 captain cook but nodded in agreement , saying only , `` i would get a little sleep while you do your calculations . '' 
 jason had one of the seamen take the helm while he used a measuring stick held at arms length to get a relative width of the pursuing ships . 
 he repeated this measurement several times while drawing triangles on his notepad and comparing the change to their speed , which they measured by dropping a float at the bow of the ship , and timing how long it took to reach the aft end . 
 when he was happy with his figuring he had the sails raised slowly so as not to alarm the pursuing black ships . 
 he repeated his measurements and , as he had read , found that the black ships were indeed slightly faster on this downwind run . 
 they began a slow turn to starboard until they were abeam the wind . 
 jason repeated his measurements but was troubled by the slight change in angle of the pursuing ships and knew not how to correct his measurements . 
 he had filled several pages of his log with his triangular diagrams and calculations . 
 racing abeam the wind , the speed difference between the pursuers and the pursued had decreased but still favored the pursuers . 
 while jason perused his mathematics and speed measurements , the crew prepared for battle as best as they could . 
 the individual crew members aboard the black ships were now visible as the distance between the cat and mouse ever so slowly decreased . 
 jason seemed concerned not , and mostly concentrated on his studies . 
 when he had finished the calculations he ordered the helmsman to head into the wind by again gradually turning to starboard . 
 once again jason took his measurements and drew his multiple triangles calculating the relative speed of both their own ship and the black ships pursuing them . 
 it was as he had read , and indeed their boat made better speed heading into the wind . 
 there was not much difference but enough that jason felt secure in their ability to escape . 
 he then asked that captain cook be advised that it was time for a decision . 
 as a crew member went to awaken captain cook , jason ordered the sails lowered ever so slightly to maintain a set distance between their ship and the black ships pursuing them . 
 when captain cook arrived on deck he first estimated the time by looking at the sun , and then checked their course before looking aft at the pursuing ships which seemed much closer and much more menacing . 
 he noticed the partially reefed sails automatically and that the ship was well trimmed , but said not . 
 he had come to learn to trust jason 's ability and knew his crew well . 
 he said only , `` your game of cat and mouse seems to be coming to an end . '' 
 jason replied , `` it is as i had read , and the black ships do indeed outperform ours except for upwind sailing . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` what is the next step in your plan ? '' 
 jason looked back at the black ships , which had now split apart and were sailing parallel to each other so as to be able to attack from both sides . 
 he said , `` the black ships of the east have moved into attack position , but this has robbed them of a little wind and slowed them somewhat . 
 i would suggest we reef our sails slightly to allow them to slowly gain and prepare our cannons for battle . '' 
 `` and if our cannons are not effective , what then ? '' 
 jason responded , `` i would that we fired not until the ships approached close enough that our cannonballs could strike a crippling blow . 
 then i would raise sails and flee into the wind . '' 
 captain cook stared at the black ships for some time before responding , `` your plan seems reasonable , but i fear our enemy may have surprises of their own . 
 we do not want to be boarded , for if we are , all will be lost . '' 
 jason studied the concern so evident on captain cook 's face before replying , `` i would trust your judgment and would you make the decision on the firing of the cannons and raising of the sails . '' 
 he added , `` you are of the sea and this ship knows you . 
 do as you must . '' 
 captain cook but nodded in acceptance of jason 's command and began giving orders , lowering and trimming the sails ever so slightly , which allowed their ship to slow and the black ships from the east to close . 
 jason could make out not only the individual sailors aboard the pursuing ships , but even some details of the men . 
 as he studied the ships ' characteristics , he noticed that each ship carried a small machine of war which he assumed was for launching stones or other projectiles . 
 time seemed to progress ever so slowly , as the black ships gradually closed the distance to the point that jason could hear the orders shouted from the most upwind ship . 
 a flickering of light brought his attention to the activity amidships of the downwind vessel . 
 he stared intently , and then realized what he was seeing was a burning torch . 
 the crew appeared to be preparing their catapult to launch small barrels . 
 the realization that the enemy was preparing to bombard them with burning oil suddenly hit jason . 
 he yelled at captain cook , `` we must flee into the wind now ! '' 
 captain cook responded by giving the order to fire the cannons and raise the sails . 
 the smoke had no sooner cleared from the first firing than jason could see those of the black ships responding by firing their catapults . 
 it was probably only the fact that they were going upwind which saved them , for the first barrels of burning oil fell just short of their ship , setting the sea afire . 
 as the cannons prepared to fire again , jason studied the ships . 
 both cannonballs had struck their target , damaging only some of the superstructure . 
 he advised captain cook , `` we must either try to take out their mast or hole the ships at the water line . '' 
 captain cook gave orders to those aiming the cannons , and again the sky filled with smoke with the firing of the cannons . 
 jason took time to measure the distance . 
 they were indeed pulling slightly away from their pursuers , who had launched more burning oil , but only one barrel of burning oil actually hit the stern of their ship . 
 the crew immediately began dousing the flames with buckets of water and the fire was soon enough extinguished . 
 after the fourth firing of the cannons , jason was sure that they had damaged both ships to the point that their ability to give any further pursuit was markedly impaired . 
 the crews aboard the black ships were no longer concerned with pursuit , but rather saving themselves and the ships . 
 the sun was getting lower in the sky , and yet the sea continued to burn from all of the oil that had been launched . 
 as jason watched , the ship which had turned to the upwind to escape their cannons began to heel to port , as water flooded into the damaged hull . 
 in slow motion the leaning became ever steeper , and before sunset the ship disappeared beneath the waves . 
 the second ship responded not to the sinking of their sister ship , for they were struggling , trying to save their own ship and lives . 
 captain cook came to stand by jason as he watched the sinking of their enemy . 
 jason asked , `` should we not try to rescue any survivors ? '' 
 captain cook answered not for some time . 
 he finally responded in a gentle voice , `` i think not . 
 sailors do not swim and the oil yet burns . 
 if you wish we can check with morning light . '' 
 jason asked , `` why do sailors not swim ? '' 
 captain cook shrugged his shoulders , saying only , `` when you go to sea you give your life to the sea , and she takes it when she wants to . 
 fighting this serves no purpose . '' 
 when they had sailed far enough away that captain cook felt secure , he lowered the sails and pointed the ship into the wind , putting her in irons to maintain their position . 
 those aboard celebrated their victory in their own way , but jason could not clear his mind of the image of the burning oil being launched at their ship . 
 he had not foreseen this nor was it in the writings of the last war . 
 he had risked their ship and the lives of all the crew because of his failure . 
 his sleep was tortured by images of fire spreading across their ship and crew members leaping into the ocean and certain death just to escape the inferno aboard ship . 
 when morning came jason found he was hungry not and avoided the galley as he went to relieve captain cook . 
 as quiet as jason was , captain cook was unusually talkative . 
 he had many questions about jason 's speed calculations and the boat configurations . 
 jason answered the questions somewhat mechanically . 
 finally captain cook asked , `` what bothers you so heavily this morning ? '' 
 jason at first said nothing and simply shrugged his shoulders . 
 but then he spoke up , saying , `` my desire to learn of the enemy almost caused the destruction of our ship and the lives of all aboard . 
 my dreams were most unpleasant last night . '' 
 captain cook stood at the helm rubbing the rough stubble on his chin , saying nothing for some time before answering , `` did you learn what you needed to learn ? '' 
 jason but nodded in the affirmative and captain cook continued , `` your plan was a good plan but not without risk . 
 you as a leader carry a heavy burden , but the sea requires such of those who it has chosen to lead . 
 as ship 's captain i understand to some extent the burden you carry , but i also know that all of our peoples depend upon your leadership . '' 
 captain cook departed for some much-needed rest and jason assumed command of the helm . 
 the crewman on watch continued the course back towards the site of battle , and for some time said not . 
 they had worked together much and respected each other , so when the sailor spoke up , asking , `` what is your plan for our next attack ? '' 
 jason turned his head and looked at the young sailor who was concentrating on watching for any debris in the ocean . 
 the young man 's face revealed no evidence of malice or sarcasm , and jason realized he was most serious about continuing the battle . 
 he responded , `` if i had the courage i would sail into the harbor of the great city and destroy the enemy ships most certainly anchored there . '' 
 the young man chewed on his lip for some time before responding , `` you plan and we 'll do it . '' 
 jason 's jaw was clamped tight , his lips compressed ; he responded , `` i think the risk is too great to ask of you . '' 
 the sailor responded , `` what is the risk if we hide out here in safety and the battle is lost ? '' 
 they sailed on in a zigzag pattern looking for debris from the ship they knew went down . 
 the sun was past its midday high before some floating debris was discovered . 
 they lowered sails and searched in vain for any signs of survivors . 
 jason finally gave up his search , acknowledging that captain cook had been right . 
 but as they raised sails the lookout called out , `` there is somebody ahead and to starboard . '' 
 jason turned the ship into the wind and had the sails adjusted , putting her in irons so that they would maintain their position . 
 he was about to send for captain cook , but the change in the ship had already awakened him and he was soon topside . 
 they had a boat lowered with two rowers and two armed guards . 
 the boat slowly made its way towards the individual , who was waving vigorously with one arm while holding onto a large wood plank with the other . 
 when they arrived , the survivor clutched their gunnel and spoke in a tongue they understood not . 
 at first they helped the survivor not , for they were shocked to realize it was a young women whose appearance was something they had never seen before . 
 her skin was as dark as charcoal and her eyes seemed whiter than possible . 
 she was far too fatigued to pull herself aboard , and the guards finally reached down and pulled her aboard . 
 she was tall , even taller than those of the forest , but very thin . 
 she continued speaking but they understood her not . 
 when they returned to the ship , those aboard lowered a rope . 
 she was raised onto the deck mostly by those pulling on the rope , for her fatigue was great . 
 she was no sooner on deck than captain cook ordered the stranger 's hands and feet tied , but he did allow a blanket . 
 jason questioned the need for tying her up , and captain cook replied , `` our enemy is ferocious and i will take no chances . '' 
 he then asked jason , `` have you ever seen such a person before with black skin ? '' 
 jason had been staring intently at the stranger and took a moment to respond , `` i have never seen nor read of such a people . 
 the others aboard the ship appeared as we do . '' 
 captain cook gave orders , and soon the sails were reset and they were making headway back to their original holding area . 
 jason spent his time giving the stranger small sips of water and bites of food . 
 even while chewing she kept speaking , but jason understood none of what the stranger spoke . 
 he closed his eyes , and instead of listening to the words themselves , he listened to the rhythm of the speech . 
 it seemed a mixture of two different patterns , one of which seemed to echo the cadence he had heard from the enemy ships , but the other had a very distinct rhythm to it . 
 it most reminded him of the drumbeat of those of the forest . 
 captain cook checked his course and left the helm to the seaman on watch in order to check on jason . 
 jason explained his findings and captain cook asked , `` what think you of this woman and of the danger she may represent ? '' 
 jason finished scribbling down on his pad the rhythm he had detected before answering , `` i think she is not one of the invaders . 
 her speech seems to be a mixture of two different languages and she has been much abused . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` a servant or slave perhaps ? '' 
 jason nodded in agreement and said , `` she may represent a key to understanding our enemy if only we could communicate . '' 
 he added , `` i wonder much of the land where she originated which produced the blackness of the skin . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` what is our plan ? '' 
 jason was quiet for long moment before replying , `` i would we try and connect with those of the forest to see if the young priest who accompanies them can learn this language . '' 
 he then added , `` i would also plan an attack on the enemy ships in the harbor if you and heather find my plan reasonable . '' 
 captain cook looked at him with little surprise , saying only , `` if it is to be , it will be . '' 
 they found no other evidence of ship wreckage or survivors . 
 as night settled upon the ocean , they placed their ship in a holding pattern and simply awaited the dawn . 
 it had been a stressful few days and everyone needed the rest , so other than the watch officer no one was topside . 
 the woman they rescued remained restrained but now was allowed to have her hands in the front . 
 she refused to leave jason 's side and had to be forcibly placed in a locked storage unit , for captain cook trusted her not . 
 jason was awakened with the coming of the dawn and prepared for the day . 
 he met captain cook near the galley as the captain was ascending topside to check on the ship before the breaking of the fast . 
 jason asked if their prisoner could be released and join them for the breaking of the fast . 
 captain cook thought for moment before responding , `` you seem to trust the stranger . 
 i will have the door unlocked but would recommend that she remain restrained . '' 
 jason acknowledged his concern saying , `` the one we rescued is without a doubt a stranger but she seems not to be an enemy . 
 i would expect she served as a slave or servant to those from the east . 
 i would gain her trust , for she has much to teach us . '' 
 captain cook but nodded and searched through his keys to find the one for the locked storage unit . 
 the stranger was curled up against the bulkhead but awoke with the sound of the door opening . 
 in the dim light she recognized jason and begin speaking rapidly using words with different cadence . 
 jason could understand her not , but led her aft to prepare for the day . 
 by releasing her hands from behind and having them tied again in the front , they allowed the stranger much more freedom and the ability to care for herself . 
 jason led her back to the galley where she consumed enough food for two people . 
 as soon as the eating was done she resumed her speech . 
 jason held up his hand in what seemed to be a universal sign of stopping . 
 he then pointed to himself and repeated his name many times . 
 the stranger finally responded by repeating the sound , and after several tries was able to adequately say the name . 
 jason then moved around the galley and named many things , which the stranger then repeated . 
 jason then pointed at the stranger but said nothing . 
 the stranger first knew not how to respond , and jason again pointed to himself and repeated his name . 
 this time when he pointed at the stranger , she replied , `` rheon . '' 
 jason pointed to himself and repeated his name , and then again pointed to the stranger and said , `` rheon . '' 
 the stranger had a huge smile on her face as she nodded her head and pointed again to herself , saying her name and pointing to jason and pronouncing his name with a heavy accent . 
 they continued this work , naming the other crew members and other objects aboard the ship . 
 by jason 's reckoning it would be midday before they again arrived at the headlands . 
 he continued his work until land was sighted , then everyone 's attention was focused on the headland looking for the light signal . 
 the afternoon was growing long when at last a signal was seen . 
 those on board responded and captain cook gave orders to bring the ship into the landing site in the small bay . 
 they dropped not an anchor but lowered their sails and turned into the wind to control the ship , as a boat was lowered and the crew members prepared to row ashore . 
 darkness was all but complete when the boat returned to the ship . 
 captain cook gave orders for the raising of the sails as they headed back to the open sea and the safety it represented . 
 with the crew of the boat was one of the forest . 
 he was welcomed aboard , but his stories had to wait until captain cook was satisfied that they were far enough from land to be safe from enemy scouts sighting them . 
 the evening meal was made much more interesting as news of the war was relayed by the one from the forest . 
 jason was particularly interested in the details of the steam cannon , but their visitor could relay only the details of the one experimental shot he had witnessed . 
 the injury to heather saddened everyone , for even those of the sea knew of her power as a warrior -- but more importantly they knew her as a most human leader . 
 jason asked , `` is she able to travel ? '' 
 the one of the forest explained that she was riding a horse but had significant difficulty walking . 
 the evening wore on , but jason was deep in thought with his planning and noticed not . 
 morning came and jason 's plan was complete . 
 he met with captain cook and said , `` i will travel to meet with the princess and bring the stranger with me . '' 
 captain cook looked long and hard at jason before replying , `` i have pledged to guard your safety . 
 how am i to do that if you travel ? '' 
 jason replied , `` you can not . 
 the other option would be to rely on the one from the forest to relay my plan and proceed without knowing if those of the forest will be supporting us . 
 it would seem we would have significant risk either way . '' 
 captain cook replied , `` let us go forward and hear more of your plan before we decide . '' 
 jason took his time explaining the nature of the harbor and the presence of machines of war on the headlands to the east side of the harbor entrance , with only a small position on the west . 
 he then quoted from the book he had been studying from the last time those of the east had attacked . 
 when they had succeeded in landing enough troops , they attacked and eventually overran the defenses on the headland , which gave them control of the harbor entrance . 
 this allowed their ships to not only conquer the harbor , but also to begin attacking the city walls with their machines of war . 
 it was don the great 's decision to use his remaining ships to at first flee to the safety of the open ocean and then return as a tightly organized convoy . 
 the enemy 's machines of war based on the headland were unable to stop the convoy from reentering the harbor . 
 they attacked just at nightfall when the black ships from the east had already set anchor for the night . 
 captain cook had many questions about the nature of the harbor and of the entrance itself . 
 jason retrieved the book describing the last war and a chart of the harbor from his cabin . 
 the stranger accompanied him , which bothered jason not , but seemed to make captain cook uncomfortable . 
 as they studied the chart the stranger would look over jason 's shoulder , and when she recognized the harbor she became agitated and repeatedly shook her head . 
 she kept repeating , `` no , no . '' 
 she had learned yes and no but could explain no more why she was upset . 
 jason turned and put his hand on the stranger 's shoulder but said not , for he had not words the stranger would understand . 
 only after jason had sketched out a very crude drawing of their ship attacking the black ships from the east did the stranger calm somewhat , but her white eyes remained wide open with obvious fear . 
 captain cook said , `` our stranger has a great fear of those from the east . 
 i expect there is good reason for this fear and we need to respect it . '' 
 jason responded , `` all the more reason to risk a surprise attack , for if those of the red fall , how long before we follow and our way of life is destroyed ? '' 
 he continued , `` i would take the risk here , far from our homeland , than risk our peoples . '' 
 captain cook but nodded his head in agreement and began taking notes , trying to determine the time of the moon and tides . 
 he asked , `` would you attack again at nightfall or sunrise ? '' 
 jason replied , `` the last attack was at nightfall , and i would expect those of the east to be prepared again for such an attack . 
 a sunrise attack where we followed the easterly portion of the harbor so the sun was at our back might be advisable . '' 
 captain cook responded not but continued working on his figuring . 
 only after several moments did he look up . 
 he said , `` if we attack on the morning of the crescent moon , we can ride the end of the incoming tide and hopefully escape on the outgoing tide . '' 
 he then added , `` it is but ten days to the crescent moon . '' 
 jason thought but a short time before replying , `` i would expect a three-day sail to the harbor , but it may be best to approach from the east . 
 if we allow two days of travel for the one of the forest to return to their camp , that would allow only eight days for heather to prepare and begin the attack on the headland . '' 
 he thought silently for a few minutes before continuing . 
 `` i would expect those of the forest will have difficulty meeting our schedule , but it seems the logical time . '' 
 he then asked , `` what think you of our chances if those of the forest are unable to assist ? '' 
 it was now captain cook 's turn for quiet reflection before he responded , `` i would expect the shadows of the morning light and the additional speed of the tidal push will allow us access to the harbor , but i fear the escape will be difficult . '' 
 they continued their planning as the ship again returned to the small bay for landing the one of the forest . 
 jason completed his note to heather describing the need to destroy the lookout and weapons of war on the headland to the harbor . 
 the one of the forest looked at the letter jason handed him but took it not , saying , `` it may be best if nothing is written , for there is some danger of my capture . 
 speak what you would have me tell heather of the northern palace . '' 
 jason unsealed the letter and read it aloud to the one of the forest , who listened intensely and then repeated verbatim the contents of the letter . 
 when jason and the one of the forest were satisfied , the one of the forest climbed into the boat with his pack refreshed with food from the ship . 
 he but waved once after he had regained the shore and disappeared quickly . 
 captain cook spoke up saying , `` how is it that those of the forest seem to just disappear when they wish ? '' 
 he then gave orders after the boat had been secured on deck for the raising of the sails , and they again disappeared into the vastness of the ocean . 
 while jason and captain cook did battle with those from the east , heather continued her planning . 
 the young priest had finally translated the hidden message on the scroll and those of the forest had searched for the hidden entrance . 
 heather was meeting with the commander of the red when jeremy returned from a scouting mission to report that they had found the door to the secret passageway . 
 the commander of the red looked somewhat perplexed , and heather explained , `` the true message on the scroll sent by the one you call don the great was on the back . 
 what appeared decorative was actually an ancient form of writing and it discussed this hidden passage . '' 
 jeremy interrupted , saying , `` we found the passage as described , but the door is of some sort of metal and secured from within . 
 only a small window could be opened from outside . '' 
 as they were discussing possible means of opening the door , betty appeared , bringing food for jeremy . 
 she said , `` me small and i fit . '' 
 heather looked at jeremy and asked , `` would betty fit ? '' 
 jeremy held up his hands about a foot apart and looked at betty before replying , `` it would be a tight fit but might work . '' 
 heather asked , `` how heavily is the area being patrolled by those from the east ? '' 
 the commander replied , `` they patrol regularly , but since we increased our attacks on the supply lines the patrols are much larger and pretty easy to avoid . '' 
 heather was quiet for a while as she planned . 
 she spoke up , saying , `` i wish not to endanger betty , but it seems that the god of the sacred water has assigned her this responsibility . 
 i would you watch over her . '' 
 she then asked , `` when would you travel ? '' 
 jeremy paused eating and replied , `` we will have a small moon tonight and i would travel with the moon . 
 if we carried betty , we will be back in our patrolled area by daybreak . '' 
 heather accepted his plan , saying only , `` as the god of the sacred water deems it , so it will be . '' 
 she added , `` let the spirits of the forest guide and assist you . '' 
 when the others had left , heather and the commander of the red continued their planning . 
 heather wished for a method of moving the heavy cannon without leaving a sign but knew not how . 
 they finally decided to simply use the wagon and prepare to move their camp if those from the east followed their trail . 
 they both agreed that since the attack on the great city had begun that it was unlikely that those of the east would split their forces to pursue them . 
 those of the forest had reported another small convoy of supplies headed towards them from the east . 
 the planning centered on how and where to attack the convoy . 
 those of the forest functioned primarily as scouts , with the army of the red assuming the burden of the actual attacks . 
 the partnership had been very productive and the flow of supplies to those of the east had been severely limited . 
 the scouts reported that all of the local farms had been scavenged of all food and fodder for use by the invading army of the east . 
 the evening meal was made more festive by the stories told by jeremy , but heather worried about betty . 
 when nightfall was complete but yet two hours before moonrise , jeremy prepared to depart . 
 betty was dressed for travel with her small sword strapped to her side . 
 they set off with jeremy in the lead with two others of the forest . 
 they alternated carrying betty and traveled quickly despite the darkness . 
 one of the three always went ahead scouting for signs of the enemy . 
 as jeremy had planned , they reached the perimeter of their patrolled area about the time of moonrise . 
 they traveled somewhat slower as they traversed the valley to the west of the great city . 
 they arrived without incident at the area of the door . 
 here the river had cut deeply into the hillside , exposing a rock cliff and an area strewn with large boulders . 
 with the change in light things were different , and it took jeremy a while to again find the door amongst the huge boulders . 
 they rested for a few minutes before opening the small door , which moved amazingly well for something so ancient . 
 before allowing betty to try and enter , jeremy lit a torch and peered into the opening . 
 before him lay a road of stones which extended into the blackness beyond the circle of his light . 
 he could see no danger but also no internal mechanism which would allow the opening of the door . 
 the roadway was wide enough for a small wagon but barely tall enough for someone of his height to stand . 
 he told betty , `` it looks safe enough but i am not sure you will be able to open the door . '' 
 betty removed her cape and carefully folded it with her small sword carefully placed on top , and replied , `` i try . '' 
 jeremy knelt in front of the door and created a step with his hands for betty to climb upon . 
 she studied the small opening for a few minutes before telling jeremy , `` i need be more sideways . '' 
 jeremy shuffled on his knees more to the side and betty put her arms through the small opening and said , `` raise me up some . '' 
 she wiggled first one shoulder and then the other through the opening before telling jeremy , `` up . '' 
 jeremy slowly raised her as she continued to wiggle through the very small opening . 
 she did well until her hips became stuck in the small opening . 
 she said , `` you need push . '' 
 jeremy did as he was told . 
 betty continued to wiggle until finally her hips were free and she was now hanging down from the opening . 
 jeremy carefully lowered her legs through the opening until her hands were resting on the ground . 
 he did his best to lower her legs , but in the end it was a bit of a tumble for betty . 
 he passed the burning torch to betty saying , `` i hope you 're alright . '' 
 betty replied , `` me okay . '' 
 she then began looking around , but there was no visible mechanism or lever . 
 she did see a key slot but no key . 
 she called out to jeremy , `` we need key to open door . '' 
 jeremy again stuck his head through the opening and asked , `` have you checked to see if it is hidden nearby ? '' 
 betty replied , `` i too short to see up high but no key here . '' 
 she then said , `` i will walk up tunnel and see if i find key . '' 
 jeremy passed another torch through the opening and betty headed out walking on the stone path . 
 there were many spider webs hanging down which continuously wrapped around her face . 
 she liked not spiders . 
 the walls were hewn in solid rock and were rough . 
 she went slowly , looking for the key in the multiple small crevices . 
 every time she reached her hand into one of the crevices she just knew that a spider would be waiting for her , but she was diligent in her search . 
 she knew not how far she walked but soon the torch was burning low . 
 the rock was now smoother with few crevices , but the spider webs did not diminish . 
 she lit the second torch and rested for a minute trying to decide what to do . 
 she sensed people ahead and decided to continue . 
 the second torch was more than half gone when she came to another door which seemed even more massive than the first . 
 she could find no mechanism for opening the door . 
 she again rested , trying to figure out what to do . 
 when she was quiet she could tell that the one edna called the scarlet king was close by . 
 his mind was jumbled and betty could not understand his thoughts . 
 chapter 13 betty could hear those within but was unsure how she was hearing them . 
 she yelled , trying to get their attention , without success . 
 her torch was burning low and her anxiety kept building . 
 as the torch flickered and went out , she could think not except of the spiders . 
 in desperation she began pounding with her fist on the metal door -- to no avail . 
 only after she had nearly exhausted herself did she sit to rest ; with the rest her mental hearing returned . 
 she concentrated on the scarlet king , letting him know she was here and needed the door open . 
 on the other side of the metal door was the palace war room , and within it were the king and a few of his advisers as well as the one known as don the great . 
 they had been discussing their options , but in reality they were simply receiving the report from don the great , for he had assumed command of the palace guards in addition to their military . 
 the situation was grave , for those of the east had developed new weapons of war which were destroying the fortress walls . 
 in the harbor their ships were attacking with smaller catapults , but again inflicting significant damage on the city and its walls . 
 don the great felt that they would be able to resist the siege for but another week . 
 when asked what would happen then , he shrugged his shoulders and said , `` i would expect a vicious battle with lots of lives lost and possibly the end of the kingdom . '' 
 they had met to discuss the option of suing for peace . 
 the arguments had gone long into the night , with the advisers seeking peace at any cost and don the great rejecting their request . 
 those without knowledge of the past understood not the danger those of the east represented , and believed not don the great when he told them , `` to surrender would be a certain death to many or most of our people with enslavement of those left . '' 
 one of the advisers was asking a more specific question when he was interrupted by the scarlet king , who said , `` she is here . 
 open the door . '' 
 one of the advisers who jeremy had called `` the pet bird '' complained that the door could not be opened and wanted to know who she was . 
 the scarlet king but repeated himself , standing and pointing to the door , saying , `` i command that the door be opened . '' 
 don the great and the commanding officer of the palace guards conversed ; rising , they went to inspect the door . 
 there was a large slot for a key but no accessible bolting mechanism . 
 it had a small secondary door that could be opened . 
 they discussed the danger of opening just the small door . 
 it seemed to have little risk , and when the king again commanded that the door be opened , they decided to take that risk . 
 they undid the latch and slowly opened the small door , or window shutter . 
 they peered into the blackness but could see not until betty moved into the shaft of light . 
 what they saw startled even these men of war , for within the tunnel appeared a being covered in a fine mesh of ethereal material and who was not recognizable as a normal human being . 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` i need speak to the envoy . '' 
 don the great was startled by the use of his name , given by those of the forest , and then he recognized betty 's voice . 
 he replied , `` are you betty , who travels with heather with the golden hair ? '' 
 her response was , `` i help the princess . 
 i need come in . '' 
 the one known to those of the forest as the pet bird demanded to know who was there in the tunnel . 
 the scarlet king spoke , saying , `` she is the one who changed the trees in my dreams from fearsome to soothing . 
 we must let her in . '' 
 the commander of the palace guard said in a quiet voice , `` i know not how to open the door , for it is left over from the ancient ones and has never been opened . '' 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` i fit in window but need help . '' 
 don the great reached in with his arm and she was able to grab his hand . 
 he lifted her up until she could grasp the edge of the door and then helped her pull herself through the door . 
 again her hips were a tight fit , and significant wiggling was required before she was freed . 
 she had no sooner regained her footing than the pet bird began screaming something about a witch or ghost . 
 betty just looked at him , and when they made eye contact the screaming stopped ; for he sensed the trees closing in again upon him . 
 the king spoke up , saying , `` i welcome you and thank you for the comfort you have brought me . '' 
 betty replied , `` not me . 
 spirits of the forest do it . '' 
 the commander of the palace guard asked , `` how did you know of the tunnel and why are you here ? '' 
 don the great said not , and betty tried to explain that heather and the young priest had figured out the tunnel but they were not able to open the outer door . 
 she then explained , `` the princess say we have one of the new weapons and want to bring it to you . '' 
 she continued , `` we bring it to the other door in two days time . '' 
 others had many questions but betty had few answers . 
 finally don the great spoke up , saying , `` maybe the seer of the ancient ones can help us . 
 if not we will need to mount a major counterattack to free one of the gates . '' 
 he then turned to betty and asked , `` is it one of the cannons that use the powder ? '' 
 betty replied , `` not powder but similar . 
 it uses fire and water . '' 
 don the great was quiet but for a moment before responding , `` it must be one of the weapons those of the east are using to destroy our wall . 
 we must bring it in . '' 
 others in the war room had many questions , but betty had not the ability to give answers . 
 she finally said , `` i must go . 
 we bring cannon in two days . '' 
 the scarlet king stood again and walked over to betty , taking her hand and saying , `` may you travel well . '' 
 he then took the heavy gold chain he wore around his neck and handed it to betty , saying , `` please take this as a gift and as a sign of our eternal friendship with those of the forest . '' 
 betty accepted the chain but then handed it back , saying , `` too heavy . 
 me small . '' 
 the king accepted back the chain and squeezed betty 's hand ever so slightly , saying only , `` my thanks for all you have done . '' 
 don the great helped betty squeeze back through the window of the great metal door and fresh torches were supplied to her . 
 the torches were much brighter than those of the forest , and she made good time back to the outer door . 
 when she arrived and called out , jeremy responded , `` where have you been ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 betty responded simply , `` me tired go home . '' 
 the journey back to the camp was made slower with the rising of the sun , for they were now far more vulnerable to the scouts of those of the east . 
 they were still two hours from camp when they were met by others of the forest . 
 they said little but added to the scouting , changing their course to the west to avoid an oncoming patrol of those of the east . 
 when they arrived back at camp they found a very worried heather , who also asked many questions , but betty replied , `` me hungry eat first . '' 
 only after she had eaten most of her food did betty begin to tell her story . 
 she spoke first of the spiders and cobwebs and how black the tunnel was . 
 she then described how she had heard those within and decided to try to make contact . 
 when the scarlet king finally heard her , they opened the window and she relayed heather 's message . 
 heather had many questions but betty was tired and had few answers . 
 she said , `` me tired . '' 
 heather looked at her companion , and she surely was tired . 
 she said , `` betty , we thank you for your bravery and now you must sleep . '' 
 after betty had left , heather sent for the commander of the red . 
 while waiting she told jeremy , `` i would you rest and then arrange for scouts to patrol the trail . 
 we will need others to cover the tracks of the wagon as much as we can . '' 
 when the commander of the red arrived , heather relayed as much as she knew and told of her plan . 
 he but nodded in approval before saying , `` if we use our two horses to pull the wagon , i would recommend a dozen troops accompany them . '' 
 heather accepted his recommendation and then added , `` i would the wagon be prepared for burning in case of possible capture by those of the east . 
 the young navigator has been trained and will accompany you . '' 
 heather and the commander of the red continued their planning while the wagon was prepared . 
 daniel interrupted their planning , saying , `` maybe i should go with the wagon and teach those of the red how the weapon works . '' 
 heather just stared at daniel for some time before replying , `` i trust not those of the palace . 
 none of the forest should enter the city walls , for we are not of the city . '' 
 daniel nodded his acceptance but also noted that heather had identified herself with those of the forest . 
 he replied , `` i respect your decision and will do my best to make sure the young navigator is capable . '' 
 the commander asked heather , `` you have taken great risk for our people despite your distrust of those of the palace ; i wonder why ? '' 
 heather told him briefly of her grandmother 's visit , and explained that she feared those of the east would eventually reach the forest if their peoples did not cooperate . 
 the commander nodded his acceptance and they resumed their planning , only again to be disrupted by the one of the forest who had spoken to jason aboard ship . 
 he relayed jason 's message and answered questions as best as he could . 
 heather spoke up , saying , `` you have traveled hard , now is time for food and rest . '' 
 the commander of the red asked , `` how does this jason expect to attack the enemy ships when he has but one ship ? '' 
 heather replied , `` he has aboard the cannons and powder we used against your ships . 
 he should take not such a great risk . '' 
 she then asked , `` can your troops move east and create a counterattack in six days ' time ? '' 
 the commander thought for some time before replying , `` we have a full regiment prepared to intercept the supply shipment from the northeast . 
 if those were diverted and the rest of my troops placed on a forced march , we could arrive in six days . '' 
 heather called for jeremy , who had rested but a few hours , and asked , `` can we move those of the forest to the east of the great city and launch an attack on the weapons overlooking the harbor entrance in six days ' time ? '' 
 despite little sleep , jeremy seemed fully alert and quickly replied , `` those of the forest can easily travel that distance depending on the amount of supplies we needed to carry . '' 
 heather was quiet for some time before replying , `` we will travel light and depend upon the god of the sacred water to provide for our needs . '' 
 she then explained jason 's plan and the danger the weapons at the harbor entrance represented . 
 jason remarked , `` many of the forest are out on scouting missions . 
 if we wait for their return , i think not we can reach the headland in time . '' 
 heather was deep in thought and said only , `` they will find us as the spirits of the forest guide us . '' 
 she then addressed both jeremy and the commander of the red , saying , `` we will abandon our camp here in the wilderness and take only enough for travel and three days of battle . 
 if we are not successful , i doubt the battle can be won . '' 
 she then spoke to jeremy , saying , `` i would you have those of the forest prepared for departure and then get some more rest . 
 those moving the cannon can head out without you while you rest . 
 as soon as the cannon is delivered to the hidden door , i would you and the others of the forest return to us as we travel east . '' 
 jeremy replied , `` we had planned on covering our tracks , but if we backtrack not , then i should be able to rejoin in four days . '' 
 heather said only , `` as the god of the sacred water wills , so it will be . '' 
 heather and the commander of the red continued their discussion and planning until it was time for the evening meal . 
 during the meal heather explained their need to destroy the weapons on the headlands and the risk jason was taking . 
 she said , `` his plan is dangerous , but also maybe it is the only chance the great city has of remaining intact . 
 we will do our part but our risk is also great . '' 
 she then added , `` it is time for the counterattack . 
 those of the red with us will engage the enemy to prevent their blocking our escape . 
 i know not what comes next , but it will be as the god of the sacred water wills . '' 
 while others continued their preparations for departure , heather met with the young navigator . 
 she gave him a verbal message to pass on to the one he called don the great . 
 it was a simple message : `` at first light of the day of the crescent moon , counterattack on the eastern flank . '' 
 as camp was being dismantled , the young navigator followed behind the slowly moving wagon with those of the forest looking ahead and watching behind . 
 he had time to contemplate the sudden change in heather 's plans , but finally decided that his duty was to complete the mission assigned . 
 just before they reached the edge of the patrolled zone , jeremy rejoined them . 
 their slow movement seemed even slower now , as they frequently had to wait as scouts ranged further ahead . 
 at one point even he could hear the horses of those of the east as they passed ahead of them on their return to their camp . 
 when dawn approached , those of the forest did their best to hide the wagon amongst the rocks by using branches and ferns . 
 when told to get some rest after eating the travel rations , the young navigator found at first his mind would not slow down enough for sleep . 
 the fatigue of carrying his heavy pack finally brought on sleep . 
 it was near sundown before they moved off towards the secret door . 
 the moon had long since set when jeremy called a halt amongst a jumble of boulders . 
 the young navigator could see no evidence of a secret door but he was glad for a rest period . 
 the rocky ground had been difficult . 
 he knew not how those of the forest could move as swiftly as they did , for he was continuously tripping and stumbling . 
 those of the forest again camouflaged the wagon and rechecked that it was properly prepared for burning . 
 jeremy finally returned from scouting the area and told the young navigator , `` it may be best for us to move the horses a little further on where there is some grass . '' 
 the young navigator but nodded in agreement and sat quietly while the horses were unhitched and moved a couple hundred yards further on . 
 now all he had to do was wait for the door to be opened . 
 jeremy came back and asked if he needed anything else , for they needed to push on if they were to regain the others of the forest . 
 the young navigator said not , for the one thing he really needed was help in controlling his own fear . 
 he finally asked , `` what if the door opens not ? '' 
 jeremy responded , `` if the door opens not by the time the sun is fully risen , you must strike the fire and make your way north and east . 
 we will find you . '' 
 he then added , `` may the god of the sacred water watch over you . '' 
 and then the others were gone , leaving the listener alone , waiting for a secret door he could see not , to be opened . 
 he occupied his mind by identifying the stars and firmly fixing his position . 
 the noises of the night repeatedly startled him , and time moved more slowly than he thought possible . 
 the stars continued their march across the night sky but seemed to do it in slow motion . 
 he finally shook his head after he was again startled by a critter of the night . 
 he decided to search for the door using the stars to get his bearings . 
 he would walk a few feet and then return to the wagon to ensure he would not get lost amongst the boulders . 
 he carefully walked a circle of radiating spokes from the wagon , and was surprised when he found the door hidden between two large boulders just steps from the wagon . 
 he remembered betty 's story about the window in the door . 
 using his hands to explore the relatively cold metal door , the window became evident . 
 he opened it , peering into the blackness hoping to see some sign of light , but only blackness and stale air greeted him . 
 he made his way back to the wagon and sat watching the stars make their ever so slow march across the night sky . 
 those within the palace had searched high and low for the key to the door . 
 the seer had been summoned , and when told of their need had only asked , `` is the one with the golden hair here ? '' 
 the advisor that jeremy had called the pet bird responded angrily , `` it matters not . 
 we need the key . 
 find it for us or you will have a price to pay . '' 
 the seer , who seemed ancient enough himself with his fringe of gray hair , readjusted his floppy hat and replied , `` i know the story of the tunnel but not of the key . 
 i will have to study the ancient scrolls . '' 
 without waiting for permission , he turned and left the war room for his ancient temple filled with scrolls . 
 the one called the pet bird complained , `` he is just a crazy old man and i think we should believe him not . '' 
 don the great simply rolled his eyes , saying , `` if the seer can help us not then we must force our way out the gate and hope we can return with the weapon . '' 
 he added , `` it will be a bloody battle and we will lose our element of surprise . '' 
 the king rejoined them ; he had been carried into the war room , for he now had difficulty walking because of the weakness in his legs . 
 he asked of their progress . 
 the pet bird pointed at the one called don the great , saying , `` you tell him that no key exists . '' 
 don the great bowed towards the king and replied , `` we have yet to find the key . 
 the seer knows of the tunnel but not the key . '' 
 the king replied in his somewhat weak voice , `` the key exists , otherwise she would not have come . '' 
 it was past midnight before the seer returned carrying one of his ancient scrolls . 
 as he ever so gently unrolled the scroll , those of the red looked anxiously but were unable to decipher the writing . 
 there was a picture showing the key with great detail . 
 the pet bird demanded to know what it meant . 
 before answering the seer asked , `` is the one like a child with them ? '' 
 the pet bird responded , `` you mean that little witch ? '' 
 he was brought up short by the king , who said , `` yes , the little one is with them . '' 
 he then asked , `` what does this mean ? '' 
 the seer had a bit of a smile on his face as he responded , `` it is part of the legend but not usually told . '' 
 he then read the script translating it , `` the key must be inserted and turned to follow the stars when facing north . '' 
 don the great spoke up , asking , `` does not the scroll tell us where the key is ? '' 
 the seer replied , `` it says not but i would expect the little one has already told you where the key is . '' 
 the king began fingering the royal chain around his neck as he had done since he ascended to the throne . 
 this time his fingers came to rest on a relatively plain looking trinket . 
 he removed the chain and , despite the fact that all of the characters had been worn off through the centuries , the general shape did indeed match the drawing on the ancient scroll . 
 he said simply , `` this is why the little one would take not my gift . '' 
 he handed the chain to don the great who inserted the trinket into the key slot . 
 before turning the key he had to stop and think about the direction the stars moved at night when he faced north . 
 there was moderate resistance and then a definitive click . 
 it took three men to open the door , revealing the stale air in the tunnel . 
 before moving into the tunnel don the great summoned a troop of his most capable warriors . 
 the pet bird complained , `` how do we know my cousin will not just escape into the wilderness leaving us behind ? '' 
 this was almost more than don the great could bear , and he angrily responded , `` i suggest then you be the one to open the outer door and risk being trapped in the tunnel by the forces from the east . 
 you may enjoy their company or maybe not . '' 
 the pet bird was about to respond when the king interjected , `` it is time for trust . 
 go and bring back this weapon . '' 
 when the troops had been assembled they lit their torches and proceeded down the tunnel , catching all the cobwebs that betty had left behind . 
 don the great was the last to enter the tunnel and passed the key back through the window for the door to be locked behind them . 
 he again took the key and proceeded down the tunnel . 
 at the outer door they listened hard but could hear no sounds . 
 don the great stepped forward and inserted the key , which again turned with some resistance but a definite click was noted . 
 his troops then pushed the door open . 
 the young navigator was not sure which he noted first , the sound of the door moving or the flash of light from the torches . 
 at first he wanted to hide but worked hard to control his fear . 
 the troops exited the tunnel in a defensive formation and then don the great strode forth . 
 the young navigator stood and addressed don the great in a formal manner . 
 the response was , `` we have no time for formality . 
 say what you need to say and let 's get this wagon moved . '' 
 young navigator pointed to the north , saying , `` there are two horses about one hundred yards to the north . '' 
 he added , `` i bring a message from the one with the golden hair . '' 
 only after they had moved the wagon into the passage and secured the door behind them did don the great fall back and walk with the young navigator . 
 when asked for the message , the young navigator replied , `` at first light on the day of the crescent moon , counterattack on the eastern flank . '' 
 don the great asked many questions and the young navigator did his best to answer them , but had not significant knowledge to make his answers meaningful . 
 he told them that the camp in the wilderness was being abandoned and all troops heading east . 
 he knew only a little of jason 's plan . 
 when they arrived at the inner door , the guard within opened the window and don the great passed the key to those within . 
 before opening the door the guards looked carefully at those in the tunnel making sure none of the enemy were behind them . 
 as soon as the door was opened the troops preceded the wagon through the opening , which was barely big enough and significant scraping of the wheels occurred . 
 as soon as don the great and the young navigator had entered , the door was again closed and locked . 
 one of the horses decided that it needed to relieve itself right in front of where the one called the pet bird was seated . 
 don the great restrained his urge to laugh , but could not help but smile as his cousin became almost hysterical . 
 the horses were unhitched from the wagon and led up the stairs to the courtyard . 
 servants had soon cleaned the mess and the troops began unloading the weapon from the wagon . 
 the young navigator seemed not to realize he was surrounded by royalty as he supervised in great detail the unloading and assembly of the weapon . 
 he explained the function of the different parts and how the sticks were essential to controlling the velocity of the iron balls . 
 within the wagon were only about a dozen of the iron balls , and don the great realized they must begin manufacturing them if the weapon was to be of any use . 
 he gave orders , and one of the troops took with him one of the iron balls and a note from don the great , commanding , `` all available metal shall be used and the balls manufactured as the highest priority . '' 
 the sticks were of a lesser problem , for within the city they had many woodworkers . 
 the young navigator was insistent that the sticks must be manufactured with the same strength as the samples he had brought . 
 when asked about the firing of the cannon , young navigator explained the aiming system that daniel had taught him . 
 the one called the pet bird spoke up , saying , `` what are we waiting for ? 
 let 's get this weapon set up and show those of the east that we can fight back . '' 
 don the great answered not for a while as he contemplated the message from heather with the golden hair . 
 he finally spoke up , saying , `` i think not . '' 
 he explained no further , not completely trusting those within the war room to keep his plan secure . 
 despite the whining of his cousin , he refused any further explanation , saying only , '' i would we stockpile adequate supplies of the iron balls before giving up our element of surprise . '' 
 his cousin continued his whining , saying the destruction of their wall was proceeding and it was all don the great 's fault for failing to use a weapon to protect them . 
 he went on and on about their need to protect the king . 
 don the great listened for some time to the whining , but wished he had the power that betty had displayed to quiet down his cousin . 
 finally the king , who had appeared to be asleep , spoke up , saying , `` i have designated don the great as commander of our forces and defender of the kingdom . 
 we will do as he says . '' 
 the one called the pet bird was about to continue his whining , but the king just looked at him . 
 it was enough to put a halt to the discussion . 
 the king spoke up then , saying , `` it is been a long night and i am tired . '' 
 with that the war council ended and all retired for some rest , knowing that the onslaught of their city would soon begin again as daylight became full . 
 chapter 14 as they traveled east heather took stock of her small army of those of the forest . 
 they traveled as a group of just over forty with a few scouts yet to join them . 
 they traveled light and mostly at night to avoid the patrols of those from the east . 
 she was still not walking well and rode the great white horse , which caused those of the forest extra effort in covering their tracks . 
 but they had no choice . 
 betty frequently rode with her and the pace was comfortable , with those of the forest easily keeping up with their loping gait . 
 the patrols seemed fewer , as those of the east concentrated with ever greater fervor on destroying the walls of the great city . 
 heather found herself praying silently to the god of the sacred water for the strength and courage to accomplish their task , for if they failed it was likely that jason and the others would not survive . 
 she much wished for a chance to see the east headland and the machines of war which sat upon it for her planning . 
 when jeremy returned , he and edna went ahead to scout the route to the headlands . 
 betty , who was sitting behind her on the great white horse , was unusually quiet . 
 when heather asked her why she was so quiet , betty replied , `` i hear edna . '' 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` she okay . 
 i see what she is seeing . '' 
 heather asked , `` can you make me see as edna does ? '' 
 `` i try . '' 
 as long as heather kept her mind quiet she started to see images of the land that lay ahead of them . 
 at first it was just a general image without much detail , but as she continued to work to calm her mind the images became much more vivid . 
 edna , being a hunter , noticed things that heather would not normally see , such as small broken branches from feeding animals or a change in the height of the vegetation indicating a game trail . 
 a small bird flushed off to the left , and edna immediately froze before imitating a bird call that caused jeremy to likewise freeze . 
 he slowly worked his way back to where edna was crouched , and she pointed towards where the bird had flushed . 
 they both began to circle back towards that area , having said nothing and using only a few hand signals . 
 edna soon found the tracks of scouts who appeared to have traveled from the headlands where they were going . 
 she listened intensely but could hear no other sound . 
 she cautiously followed the trail , staying to the side and remaining hidden as much as possible . 
 the trail seemed to just end near one of the few large trees . 
 as a hunter edna instinctively scanned the ground level for any sign of movement . 
 only after she had secured her area visually did she begin to examine the large tree . 
 in amongst the leaves she noticed a small piece of rope hanging down . 
 as she stared , something moved amongst the branches and she recognized the outline of a man . 
 he had somehow attached leaves to his clothing and blended well with the tree . 
 edna produced the warning call of the small finch , watching the man for any response . 
 he responded not and continued to shift his position occasionally . 
 jeremy responded with a similar call . 
 edna began to slowly retreat back to her last position and wait for jeremy . 
 she explained what she had found using only hand signals . 
 they both withdrew into a more densely vegetated area before whispering their findings . 
 a decision was needed on how to proceed . 
 jeremy suggested they continue their leapfrog but stay closer together and pay more attention to possible tree lookouts . 
 heather 's concentration was broken when one of the forest reported a scouting party on horseback . 
 heather asked , `` will they cross our path ? '' 
 he responded , `` they will cross behind us on their present course . '' 
 he then added , `` we have left much sign and even those of the east may see it . '' 
 heather thought for but a moment about the heightened patrols , for those of the east had been pretty casual about their scouting , so confident were they in their machinery of war . 
 she told the scout , `` take a few others of the forest and do your best to cover our sign in the area you think they will cross . 
 risk not encountering them directly , for we much need to maintain our element of surprise . '' 
 when the scouts had departed heather tried to again concentrate on the images that betty had relayed , but her mind would not quiet enough to hear them . 
 she had assumed they had traveled far enough to the north to have avoided any contact . 
 she decided that they would now travel only at night . 
 this would make for much slower travel , but they would still arrive in time for an assault on the headland at first light on the day of the crescent moon . 
 in the palace preparations for the counterattack were proceeding , but it was not until the day prior that others in the palace noted the increased activity . 
 during the war council , the one those of the forest called the pet bird complained , `` you are preparing for some sort of battle and have not advised the war council . '' 
 don the great replied , `` we are at war and fighting for survival . 
 i have not time nor energy to explain every little aspect of my defense planning . '' 
 his cousin the pet bird replied , `` you have not answered my complaint . 
 are you preparing for some sort of counterattack ? '' 
 don the great rolled his eyes and sighed before replying , `` if we are to survive , at some point we will need to counterattack . 
 we must be ready when the time comes . '' 
 the complaining continued : `` if you counterattack you will leave us defenseless . 
 i demand to know the details and the risk . '' 
 the pet bird waited not for an answer but continued to press , saying , `` this new weapon sits idle while our wall is destroyed . 
 it is as if you are assisting the enemy in our destruction . '' 
 don the great arose and just stared at his cousin , saying only , `` my duty is to king and country . '' 
 his tone was quiet but there was no doubt that he would allow no further challenges . 
 he turned and walked to the door , pausing only to say , `` there is much work to be done , for this battle will be decided in the next several days and our country and our king will live or die . '' 
 those of the great city who lived near the east gate could not but notice the preparations , but yet when the trumpets began to sound before dawn they could not help but be surprised . 
 the gates were opened and the army of the red , although much diminished , marched forth through the gates . 
 their mounted troops led the way followed by ranks of archers . 
 when the last of the troops had passed through the gates they were again secured with only a small contingent of soldiers left behind . 
 as the army of the red formed a defensive shield and began moving slowly forward , the new weapon which had been secured behind the city wall came to life . 
 as he was commanded , the young navigator proceeded to target the area of the cooking fires visible in the dim light . 
 he was unsure as to his accuracy , but agreed with don the great that the iron cannonballs would themselves be a significant disruption . 
 as the light increased , those of the east began to reposition their machines of war to directly attack the forces under don the great . 
 with the coming of the light the young navigator now had specific targets . 
 the aiming was more difficult than he had expected . 
 it was only after many misses that one of his cannonballs hit a machine of war . 
 the destruction was easily evident even from the distance . 
 the mounted troops of those of the east were now organized and began charging towards the army of the red . 
 the young navigator shifted his targets to the approaching cavalry and was able to somewhat disrupt their formation . 
 don the great had his much fewer mounted troops initiate a line of defense , but they soon fell back under the cover of the archers . 
 those of the east regrouped and prepared for a concentrated attack , but again the cannonballs partially destroyed their organization . 
 their counterattack penetrated into the line of archers , but the strength of the bows being used by those of the red allowed their arrows to penetrate through much of their armor . 
 they again fell back , awaiting the arrival of their marching troops for reinforcement . 
 the battle continued throughout the morning , with those of the red having established a firm foothold that those of the east had been unable to break . 
 don the great knew that it was just a matter of time until reinforcements arrived from the northern and western fronts , and they would be overpowered . 
 he hoped that whatever heather with the golden hair had planned could be completed before that happened . 
 those of the forest had moved to the base of the headlands on the east side during the darkness of night . 
 as the first hint of morning light became visible they advanced towards the machines of war mounted atop the headland . 
 heather knew they faced a difficult passage because the trail was well guarded with a six-foot wall and narrow gate . 
 if those of the east had the wall manned , their only other choice would be to scale the cliff ; then they would be exposed to the archers of those of the east . 
 shortly before they arrived at the gated wall , the scouts returned , reporting a few sentries only . 
 as they moved forward and were about to begin scaling the wall , the sound of trumpets from the great city could be heard . 
 with the trumpets came an alarm from the forces guarding the machines of war based on the headland . 
 as the troops from those of the east began arriving at the wall , heather made the decision to push forward quickly . 
 the first of those of the forest who scaled the wall were met with a barrage of arrows . 
 reacting instinctively , heather urged her great white horse onward . 
 the horse leapt the gate , scattering those defending it . 
 the horse was protected by the armor of those of the east , and attacked , rearing up enough to bring its hooves down on anyone in its path . 
 crouching low behind the great horse 's neck , heather continued her charge towards the rank of archers . 
 once she had broken through the line of defenders she turned the horse and attacked again with her sword . 
 this created enough confusion that those of the forest were able to follow quickly and their own arrows began to find their marks . 
 as the light became full , those of the forest gained control of the gate and wall . 
 as those of the forest regrouped inside the wall , heather fell back and they began a more organized ascent . 
 they battled with archers and a few swordsmen as they moved forward . 
 edna had stayed behind with daniel and betty , guiding them to high ground to the east of the headland . 
 they found a vantage point where they could see the attack progressing . 
 daniel had protested being left out , but heather would not hear of his arguments . 
 betty brought the discussion to a close by saying , `` we not warriors . 
 they need us after to fix people . '' 
 the confusion at the headland was enough to distract the sentries , and they noticed not a ship approaching in the grayness of the early dawn with minimal sails . 
 the ship rode the incoming tide into the harbor and was silent as any ghost ship . 
 the crew had applied grease to all moving parts to prevent the normal sounds of the ship . 
 when they had been free traders they had learned the ways of stealth . 
 as the mist of dawn arose from the water , jason and captain cook prepared for their attack . 
 the ships of the enemy were no longer lined up as they had been during the previous war , but were still grouped fairly tightly together . 
 the cannons had been readied , but jason held off firing until they were quite near the first ship ; the alarm was finally raised . 
 the cannons fired and the ship was engulfed with the smoke of the powder . 
 they sailed on towards the next ship without waiting to see the effect of their shots . 
 the next ship was somewhat more prepared , but their catapults were set for attacking the city walls . 
 again they fired at close range and escaped in a cloud of smoke . 
 the other ships were now busy pulling their anchors and trying to readjust their catapults . 
 captain cook had the sails raised , and their speed built up somewhat as they positioned to attack the third ship . 
 they fired from a somewhat further distance but could hear the cannonballs striking the ship , so they knew they had done some damage . 
 the fourth ship had pulled its anchor and was raising its sails when it was fired upon by the cannons . 
 jason had given captain cook total responsibility for the ship ; he spent his time observing the defensive reactions of the ships and trying to ascertain the extent of damage . 
 of the twenty or so ships in the harbor , only the outer ships could be reached with their cannonballs . 
 that left five more ships as potential targets . 
 jason called out a change in course in order to maneuver closer to his quarry . 
 captain cook responded with orders to his crew and they approached the next target . 
 the ship had raised its anchor and prepared to flee , but the sails had not yet filled with the wind . 
 they approached the ship from the stern , and when passing they fired . 
 they moved on with the wind now abeam their course and their speed picked up . 
 the next two ships were still struggling with their anchors and were relatively easy targets . 
 the next ship , however , was now prepared . 
 captain cook changed his course to provide some extra clearance and commanded those manning the cannons to raise the weapon slightly . 
 just as they were about to fire , the ship launched a counterattack with its catapult . 
 rather than a single large stone , they launched multiple small stones the size of a human head . 
 only one of them struck the ship , but when it struck it smashed captain cook 's foot as it penetrated through the deck . 
 their cannonballs struck with much greater force , but it was obviously time to flee as those from the east were organizing and greatly outnumbered their single vessel . 
 jason left his position far forward and returned to the helm to find a very pale captain cook , who was bleeding profusely from his mangled right foot . 
 jason wanted captain cook to lie down but he refused , saying , `` we must escape to the open sea if we are to survive . '' 
 with jason at the helm , captain cook took a piece of line and wrapped several turns around his lower leg , creating a tourniquet and cutting off the flow of blood . 
 the crew brought out a chest and made a makeshift seat for their captain , who continued to give orders . 
 he told jason , `` you must sail as close to the east headland as you can . '' 
 he added , `` if those of the forest have not secured the headland , we will have great difficulty escaping . '' 
 jason turned and looked behind them only to see several of the black ships now headed their way . 
 jason mumbled something and captain cook asked him to repeat what he had said . 
 jason replied , `` it will be as is the will of the god of the sacred water . '' 
 they had a lookout posted , trying to see if heather had conquered the headland or not . 
 the sun was now well up , and the lookout called down that he had seen a flash from the signaling mirror . 
 jason called up , `` can you reply ? '' 
 the lookout did his best but the sun angle was poor . 
 jason then called up , saying , `` tell them to head east . '' 
 the lookout did his best but was not sure if the message was received , for the counterattack from the headland on the west had begun . 
 the large catapult initially fell far short of their position , but as they changed the weight of the projectile they were using , their aim was becoming progressively closer . 
 it was now a race to see if they could round the cape before those of the east could adjust their weapons of war . 
 jason brought the ship to within a few ship 's lengths of shore . 
 they could easily hear the breaking of the surf and the rocks seemed ever so close . 
 the stones from the catapult on the west headland were coming ever closer , but jason feared the rocks on the shore even more , for they were a certain death . 
 in slow motion they seemed to finally make the turn around the cape and began to flee to the open sea . 
 jason 's excitement was much tempered when he turned to speak to captain cook and found him unconscious . 
 he gave the helm to the first mate , saying , `` continue to the south until well clear of the land and then turn into the wind . '' 
 jason and one of the crew carried the captain to his quarters and laid him on his berth . 
 the foot was still in the sea boots the captain was wearing . 
 jason feared to remove the boot , for blood was oozing over the top of the boot . 
 the sailor said , `` we must stop the bleeding . '' 
 jason responded , `` know you how ? '' 
 the sailor shook his head in the negative . 
 jason thought for some time about all he had read and finally said , `` the books talk about tightening the line which they call a tourniquet until the bleeding stops . 
 i am not sure how the foot survives if there is no blood flow . '' 
 the sailor took his marlin spike , which was a small shaft of hardwood used to tie knots , and began twisting the line around the captain 's leg until the bleeding seemed to stop . 
 the sailor secured the end of the marlin spike . 
 jason thanked him and said , `` we need daniel the healer from the forest , for i fear we may have saved the captain 's life but cost him his leg . '' 
 the signal light those on the ship had seen was not from those who had taken control of the machines of war , but rather from edna . 
 she had climbed a tall tree and from her perch had watched the battle , relaying information to daniel and betty on the ground . 
 the return signal from the ship had been poor because the sun did not lend itself to proper alignment for their mirrors . 
 she had gotten only a few words , one of which was east . 
 daniel had many questions that edna could answer not . 
 the activity on the headland changed as those of the red who had accompanied them took control of the weapons of war , and now used them against the black ships of the east . 
 the pursuers of jason were taken unaware when the ships began to be bombarded with stones from above . 
 after the first few ships were badly damaged , the other pursuing ships altered course far to the west , but by now had lost sight of the attacking ship . 
 heather could hear the sounds of battle on the eastern front and worried about the progress of the red army of the north . 
 the plan was for them to capture and control the access to this headland . 
 if they failed , heather 's small band had no hopes of maintaining control . 
 those of the red were far more competent in manning the engines of war , and heather left them this task . 
 she sought out jeremy and said , `` i would we begin moving our injured to daniel . 
 i need information on the battle along the eastern front . '' 
 she then explained , `` if those of the red can not secure this headland then we must destroy the engines of war . '' 
 jeremy responded , `` i will head east and report back as soon as possible . '' 
 he then reported , `` we have many with minor injuries , but have lost two of the forest . '' 
 a look of weariness passed across heather 's face and she thought a moment before replying . 
 `` i would we bring with us those we have lost and provide them a proper burial in the forest to the east . 
 they have given so much i can not leave them here on this barren rock . '' 
 she paused and had a somewhat faraway look in her eyes before she continued , `` i would you send another to meet with those on the eastern front . 
 i sense your purpose is here . '' 
 as the day wore on the sounds of battle continued , but for those on the rocky headland their battle was over . 
 heather had watches posted and scouts sent out , with all others to take a well-deserved rest . 
 heather spent time removing the dozens of arrows from the armor of her great white horse . 
 the horse had many superficial wounds which she cleaned to the best of her ability . 
 it seemed to respond favorably to her attention and the froth of war was gone . 
 heather understood not how the horse could be both the gentle giant that carried her without jarring her foot , and at the same time be such a ferocious animal . 
 she knew it was the horse that had won the battle and saved many of those of the forest . 
 daniel and edna were both getting anxious , but betty was content sitting quietly tying knots in a string . 
 edna wished to begin exploring to the east and daniel was sure that his services as a healer were needed , but betty said simply , `` not our time . '' 
 so they sat and waited , with daniel controlling his fidgeting by trying to draw a map of the lands to the east from his memory . 
 he so wished he had brought along a real map . 
 the sun had reached its peak before the first of the wounded arrived . 
 daniel heard but a small account of the battle . 
 hearing heather was uninjured allowed him to concentrate more fully on his healing . 
 edna was anxious to begin exploring to the east and had others of the forest stay with daniel and betty . 
 the sun had continued its journey across the sky and was touching the headland to the west before the news reached heather : the army of the red , which followed those of the forest , had succeeded in penetrating to the base of the headland and was setting up a defensive perimeter . 
 there had been no news from don the great , but the sounds of battle were enough to assure heather that they had not yet suffered defeat and there was still hope for victory . 
 she had the scout return to the commander of the red army of the wilderness , asking for a meeting at the gate wall . 
 those of the forest who had rested were now sent out as scouts and sentries . 
 heather still had trouble walking , and although her great white horse was injured he seemed to mind not carrying heather down the trail . 
 she and the commander of the red shared their travel rations and discussed the events of the day . 
 those of the red had met intense resistance , but when the forces of don the great had attacked , the reinforcements were called off by those of the east . 
 it was a hard-fought battle to break through the line of defense , but without the mounted troops those of the east eventually fell back . 
 they continued to push those of the east as they rotated their forces , allowing the rear guard to assume the defense of the approach to the headland . 
 this left them somewhat exposed to a counterattack from the northeast . 
 it seemed to the commander that the risk was justified . 
 after heather had summarized their attack , the conversation shifted to a discussion of future plans . 
 heather commented , `` we must keep control of this headland and restrict the access to the ocean to those of the east . '' 
 she then explained , `` the attack by our ship not only destroyed many of the black ships from the east , but also has made them concentrate on defense . '' 
 she continued , `` if the one you call don the great can maintain his position , then those of the east will need to shift their forces from the west . 
 that is where the greatest weakness will be for those of the east . '' 
 the commander was quiet for a moment as he contemplated her thoughts , and then replied , `` i would agree with your assessment but know not how you would attack the western front . '' 
 heather had a pretty good vision of the upcoming battles , but had not spent much time on planning the logistics required . 
 she shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` i know not how but know that the god of the sacred water will assist if it is to be . 
 i would that as this position is secured and your connection to the forces under control of the one you call don the great occurs , that your forces rotate back to the west . '' 
 in a rare disagreement , the commander said , `` splitting our forces which are already strained seems not a wise move . '' 
 heather squinted her eyes ever so slightly and her lips pouted just a bit as she considered this comment . 
 she said , `` if those of the east know not that the forces have been split , they will wait for the reinforcements before beginning the counterattack . '' 
 she then added another big `` if , '' saying , `` attacking from the west will make those invading from the east think that we have a much greater army than we do . 
 this will encourage them to sue for peace . '' 
 the commander responded , `` you know not our enemy . 
 they will not sue for peace . '' 
 `` then they will die of starvation , for we will have cut off their supply routes . '' 
 the commander was obviously struggling with this nonconventional approach . 
 after much thought he finally agreed , saying only , `` i and those who serve under me are under your command and will do as you say . '' 
 heather asked , `` would you maintain your position here at the headland with a portion of your troops , or transfer this responsibility to the one you call don the great ? '' 
 the commander of the red responded , `` we have many who are no longer able to travel quickly . 
 i would assign them this task , for i fear that if we can not be prepared in a short time your plan may fail . '' 
 he then added , `` it would be much shorter to travel through the city . '' 
 heather had a surprised look on her face and replied , `` if you and your troops could travel through the eastern gate and exit the city through the secret passage , we would maintain the element of surprise and reduce travel to the western front by two days . '' 
 at this point their conversation was interrupted by jeremy , who reported that edna had gone east based on the partial message she had received from jason . 
 he had followed her and arrived at a small cove just as their ship was setting anchor . 
 edna had signaled and they acknowledged her signal as they lowered one of the boats . 
 in the boat was jason , who asked before the boat even landed , `` is daniel here ? '' 
 jeremy replied , `` the healer is working on our wounded about two hours from here . '' 
 jason 's anxiety was almost palpable as he replied , `` we need his services , for i fear without them we will soon lose captain cook . '' 
 he added , `` it is all my fault and i wish not his death to be in my hands . '' 
 edna kept watch as jeremy raced back to get daniel . 
 daniel had not yet arrived when the boat again approached the shore . 
 daniel immediately stepped into the boat , but before the boat had gone far he began asking questions about the injury . 
 when he realized the amount of blood loss , he thought of his transfusion to heather in their first battle for the sacred water and yelled to jeremy and edna , `` find me a long slender reed that is hollow . '' 
 as heather listened , a new plan began to form in her mind . 
 when jeremy had completed his story , she turned back to the commander of the red , saying , `` it would seem that the god of the sacred water wishes us to move quickly . 
 we of the forest will travel with our ship to the west of the great city and from there prepare our attack . '' 
 she continued , `` i would you and your troops travel yet tonight through the eastern gate into the great city . 
 with a rest and the gathering of supplies , you should be prepared to attack at dawn on the day following . '' 
 there was a discussion about how much to involve don the great with the planning . 
 heather responded , `` we need him and his troops to hold out for another day and a half . 
 i have sent a messenger asking him to meet with us tonight if possible . '' 
 the red commander knew that heather trusted not those of the palace . 
 her plan was dangerous but he understood the need and the risk . 
 he spoke up , saying , `` my troops can hold their own against the invaders from the east , but i fear their mounted troops . '' 
 heather nodded in agreement and said , `` we of the forest will plan a defense against the mounted troops , but i need to see the lay of the land . 
 their ferocity is also their weakness . '' 
 the commander of the red had a questioning look on his face , for he could imagine not how those of the forest , being hunters not warriors , could take on the mounted troops from the east . 
 before they departed heather spoke up , saying , `` i would you travel with the great white horse which has carried me , because i will travel aboard ship and the horse can not . '' 
 they both arose to prepare , and the commander of the red startled heather by formally saluting her , saying , `` it is a great honor to serve under the one with golden hair who is known in our myths . 
 i pray to your god of the sacred water and to our scarlet god for our success . '' 
 heather but nodded in her acceptance of the salute and said , `` i would expect that we use different names for the same god , and if it is to be , the spirits of the forest will help us . '' 
 she was quiet for a moment before adding , `` in the upcoming battle i will need you to retreat in apparent disarray before the mounted troops . '' 
 those of the forest had built a small fire , which heather and the commander of the red sat by while waiting for word from don the great . 
 their wait was not long when the messenger from the forest returned , saying , `` the envoy comes accompanied by a few dozen soldiers . '' 
 heather replied , `` i would those of the forest scatter into the darkness and be prepared . '' 
 the commander of the red was obviously nervous but said not . 
 time went by slowly until even the commander of the red could hear the approach of don the great . 
 when the envoy approached he held his soldiers back and dismounted from his horse at the outer ring of the circle of light . 
 he found heather , as at their last meeting , bending over the fire tending the coals with a stick . 
 she now sat on a rock , for her foot let her not sit on her haunches as normal . 
 at first the envoy did not even see his commander , who was now standing behind heather . 
 their greetings were brief and heather summarized in a few words their control of the headland and the damage done to the black ships . 
 in turn the envoy reported moderate losses , mostly from the mounted troops . 
 heather asked , `` can you hold your position for another full day and part of the following morning ? '' 
 the envoy was silent as he thought , before replying , `` if we fell back tighter against the great wall of the city we should be able to hold out , but with reinforcements coming from the west we will be greatly outnumbered . 
 i doubt we can stand even two full days of attack . '' 
 the commander of the red spoke up , saying , `` it would be enough for heather with the golden hair to complete her plan . '' 
 the envoy looked up sharply at the commander but said not , turning his attention back to heather , whose hair did indeed look golden in the light of the fire . 
 he asked her , `` what is this plan ? '' 
 heather looked up not from the fire and responded , `` i would your forces occupy those of the east while the commander and his troops set up a counterattack on the western flank . 
 they will travel tonight through the eastern gate with a day of rest before exiting again the city through the secret passage , prepared to attack at dawn . '' 
 the envoy began to pace as he thought , and finally replied , `` you would have us split our forces , and those who would be attacking from the west would have no protection from the mounted troops of those from the east . '' 
 heather replied not and the commander finally spoke up , saying , `` those of the forest will be responsible for neutralizing the mounted troops of the east . '' 
 the envoy just stared at heather , wondering how their small band could possibly disrupt the mounted troops . 
 then he realized that they must have with them some of the powder . 
 he asked , `` you will use the powder against the mounted troops ? '' 
 heather again responded without looking up , `` we will do as the god of the sacred water directs us . '' 
 the envoy asked , `` what if i refuse to split my forces ? '' 
 heather poked at the fire for some time before looking up and replying , `` then we of the forest will return to our ship and set sail for our homelands to prepare for the battle which will surely follow , for your city will fall . '' 
 the envoy responded not and finally quit his pacing and sat staring into the fire . 
 he finally spoke up , saying , `` i learned a great deal of inner peace as a captive with you of the forest sitting around your campfires . 
 the flames tell me to trust you , but my military training argues against splitting my forces . '' 
 he stood and said , `` we will hold our ground for up to two days before again retreating through the gate . 
 i will prepare a message for those guarding the gate and for the palace guard . '' 
 he then added , `` i hope your god of the sacred water can help in this plan , for there is great risk for all . '' 
 heather replied only , `` it will be as the god of the sacred water wishes . '' 
 as the envoy turned to leave heather moved not , concentrating on the flames of the fire . 
 only after those of the forest reported the departure of all the soldiers did she stand again and stretch . 
 she turned to the commander of the red and said , `` do as you must , but at sunrise following the morrow you need to begin your counterattack . 
 when one of the forest appears and tells you to fall back , retreat as quickly as possible to set up a defense line . 
 we need to have the mounted troops of the east attack in full fury . '' 
 the commander of the red replied , `` it will be as you have ordered . '' 
 with that heather stood and limped back to the great white horse that was waiting for her . 
 she mounted the horse , saying , `` i will have one of the forest guide the horse back and would have your troops care for it until the time of the attack . '' 
 she then turned and , with those of the forest , disappeared into the night . 
 chapter 15 daniel had no sooner stepped aboard the deck of their ship when he was almost dragged below by jason to see captain cook . 
 jason kept on about how it was all his fault and something about sailing closer to the rocks . 
 for the most part daniel ignored him , trying to concentrate his energy and thoughts on the injury . 
 he noticed the small figure who stayed behind jason but he never got a good look at her . 
 the captain 's quarters were small , with a single bed raised up and storage below . 
 a quick look confirmed that indeed the captain had lost a great deal of blood , for he was as pale as new fallen snow . 
 he responded when daniel pinched his arm but his speech was incoherent . 
 daniel looked at the tourniquet , which had indeed stopped the bleeding but had obviously dug into the flesh of the lower leg . 
 he tried to remove the captain 's boot , but with jason hovering over him there simply was n't room in the small quarters . 
 he told jason , `` cover the table in the galley with some cloths and have two crew come and help me move the captain . '' 
 when jason left , daniel could concentrate and did a more careful examination of the captain . 
 his pulse was weak and rapid but his breathing seemed strong . 
 he could find no evidence of other injuries . 
 the tourniquet had been on for almost twelve hours and he doubted the leg would be salvageable . 
 as he was palpating above the tourniquet , the captain awoke enough to recognize daniel . 
 daniel tried to explain what he needed to do , but the captain just mumbled , `` do as you must . '' 
 when the captain had been transferred to the main table in the galley , daniel used one of the sailor 's sharp knives to cut away the boot . 
 the stone from the catapult had struck the captain 's left foot and ankle , all but tearing it free from the rest of the leg and leaving the bone sticking out . 
 even with the tourniquet so tight there was some bleeding from the large arteries . 
 thankfully the captain had passed out again from the pain of removing the boot . 
 daniel 's plan formed quickly and he spoke up , saying , `` we need to give the captain some blood and i need a volunteer . '' 
 he continued , `` i fear that removing the leg without the blood will be too much for him . '' 
 jason had gone somewhat pale as daniel described his plan , but spoke up , asking , `` is this like what you did for heather ? '' 
 daniel but nodded and jason continued , `` i would that you use my blood , for it is my fault that he has been injured such . '' 
 daniel objected , saying , `` you and the captain are the only ones who can navigate the ship and we can not risk losing you both . '' 
 jason responded not for some time . 
 daniel was about to seek another volunteer when jason said , `` your heather is capable and the crew is good . 
 i would use my blood . '' 
 daniel finally accepted his arguments and instructed him to lie down next to the captain , but facing the opposite direction so that his head was at the captain 's feet . 
 he placed a tourniquet around jason 's arm and searched for a suitable vein . 
 when he was satisfied that the vein was available , he took the hollow reed that jeremy had brought and trimmed it before soaking it in a pan of the concentrated sacred water . 
 two of the crew stood by ready to help . 
 daniel picked up his obsidian scalpel and moved towards jason . 
 jason very much liked not pain , but barely flinched when the sharp scalpel cut into the skin just below his elbow . 
 a small cry emitted from his lips when daniel began teasing the tissue apart to expose the vein . 
 the mysterious young woman reached out and placed her hand on jason 's shoulder but said not . 
 before opening the vein , daniel very carefully placed two small threads , one above and one below , so that he could secure the bleeding if needed . 
 without yet opening the vein in jason 's arm , he now turned to the captain . 
 because he had lost so much blood , his veins could not be felt , for there was no blood to fill them . 
 daniel again used the scalpel to cut through the skin below the knee just above the tourniquet , but made a longer incision . 
 the captain groaned in pain but had not the energy to move . 
 daniel used the scalpel and his fingers to again tease the tissues apart looking for a suitable vein . 
 the captain was a strong man who normally had obvious veins , but now they were all collapsed and it took some time to find a suitable vein . 
 the two crew members became somewhat pale , but could not take their eyes off the work daniel was doing . 
 when he had finally isolated the vein , he again placed a fine thread above and below his intended puncture site . 
 he then took the reed , and using just the very tip of his obsidian scalpel , he made a small incision in the vein and inserted the hollow reed which he had rinsed thoroughly with the concentrated sacred water . 
 he gently tied one of the small threads to secure the reed within the vein . 
 daniel stood and stretched before repeating the opening of the vein on jason . 
 as soon as he had opened the vessel , it began to bleed profusely . 
 he held pressure , then had one of the crew place his finger to continue holding pressure while daniel inserted the free end of the reed into jason 's vein . 
 he lightly tied the light string to secure the tube . 
 now all daniel could do was to wait as jason 's heart began pumping some of his life-giving blood into the captain . 
 he repeatedly took the pulse of both the giver and the receiver , trying to estimate how much blood was transferred . 
 captain cook continued to drift in and out of consciousness but daniel noted that his breathing was much easier . 
 he asked jason if he was having any dizziness and jason denied any symptoms , but daniel remembered when he tried to raise up when he gave his blood to heather . 
 stabilizing jason 's arm , he had jason sit up or at least try to sit up . 
 the dizziness was obvious as jason 's eyes could not focus and daniel had him immediately lie back . 
 he pinched off the reed , saying , `` you have given enough blood . '' 
 he then ever so slowly withdrew the reed from the captain 's leg and secured the vein by tying the threads around the vein tightly . 
 he removed the reed from jason 's arm and again tied off the vein . 
 daniel pulled down the captain 's lower eyelid ; indeed , the color was much improved . 
 this stimulus was enough to awaken the captain . 
 after he finally got his eyes focused , he recognized daniel . 
 he mumbled , `` my leg hurts bad . '' 
 daniel replied , `` your ankle and foot have been crushed and i need to amputate them . 
 there will be much pain . '' 
 the captain was again drifting into unconsciousness and spoke not . 
 jason , however , was quite concerned about all the pain and wished daniel to use the ether . 
 daniel shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` he is not strong enough for the ether . 
 better to suffer the pain then risk his ability to breathe . '' 
 he then began giving orders to prepare for the amputation . 
 he had the crew members securely tie their captain down to the table . 
 he placed another tourniquet just below the knee after having cut away the captain 's trousers . 
 using some of his concentrated sacred water , he cleansed the area and took a deep breath before picking up his obsidian scalpel . 
 he turned to jason and said , `` it may be best if you watched not . '' 
 jason , who was definitely pale , replied , `` i will stay and help for it is my fault . '' 
 daniel used his obsidian scalpel much like a pen to draw a line around the captain 's leg just below the knee , scratching the skin just enough to create a line . 
 this was just above the first tourniquet ; daniel thought the tissue would be viable at that level . 
 he checked again the upper tourniquet and then took the scalpel , cutting deeply along the line he had created . 
 this caused the captain to scream out in pain , but daniel either heard not the scream or somehow simply ignored it . 
 he continued his work , cutting down through the tissues and tying off the bleeding vessels as he encountered them . 
 the captain had thankfully slipped back into unconsciousness from the pain . 
 daniel stretched and looked around to make sure those helping were okay before he started peeling the muscle from the bone . 
 when he had the bone uncovered for a few inches , he reached for his small saw and began sawing through . 
 again the captain screamed despite his semi consciousness , but the tie-downs held . 
 as he cut through the bone , the foot and lower leg simply dangled from the tendons . 
 daniel cut through these with the scalpel and the leg rolled off the table , landing on the floor with a definite thump . 
 this was more than jason could take , and he stumbled off to empty his stomach with his dark shadow following . 
 daniel could not look after him for he needed to finish his work . 
 he secured any remaining bleeding vessels and then had the fire pot brought forth . 
 he used the metal probe which had been heated red-hot to sear the ends of the muscle that were continuing to ooze ever so slightly when the tourniquet was released . 
 the stench of the burning was overwhelming , but the crew who were helping stayed the course with daniel . 
 the captain was alternating between screaming and cursing , but daniel just continued his work . 
 he carefully folded the muscle ends over the amputated bone that he had smoothed to the best of his ability . 
 the skin was then brought together with strong sutures , each of which brought out another curse from the captain . 
 when daniel finished , the two crew members untied him from the table and carried him back to his quarters . 
 jason returned looking very pale and asked , `` how is the captain ? '' 
 daniel finished cleaning his instruments before replying , `` he is strong and should heal . 
 heather had a fever for a few days after receiving the blood , so i would expect the same with the captain . '' 
 he then asked jason , `` how are you doing ? '' 
 jason responded , `` i feel as if i have had several glasses of wine too many . '' 
 daniel responded , `` i would expect this feeling to pass quickly , but drinking extra water should help . '' 
 daniel was packing up his equipment , preparing to return to the camp of the injured , when those of the forest began arriving bringing with them the injured . 
 one of the last to arrive was heather on her great white horse . 
 she was obviously limping as she climbed down from the horse and moved to the waiting boat . 
 she was no sooner aboard their ship when she began giving orders for their departure . 
 it had been a long night for all , but she insisted they depart with the first rays of daybreak . 
 she left the arranging of persons and equipment to elrod . 
 she conferred first with daniel and then jason . 
 she disturbed not captain cook . 
 jason was not yet recovered enough , so heather took the helm . 
 as the first rays of light were breaking over the eastern horizon , she had the sails raised and the anchor pulled . 
 only after they were out of sight of land did she relax enough to tell daniel her story and her plans . 
 daniel listened but his fatigue was such that his eyes kept closing . 
 he had rested not . 
 heather suggested that he should get some sleep , but daniel wished instead to return to the wounded . 
 heather gently suggested , in the command tone of voice , `` would not your work as a healer be more effective with a little rest ? '' 
 daniel gave out a big yawn before admitting , `` maybe a little sleep would help . '' 
 heather set the sails and continued due south for several hours , hiding in the vastness of the ocean . 
 her own fatigue was becoming overwhelming . 
 when jason returned topside she was more than happy to hand the helm over to him , saying , `` i would you continue bearing into the wind for a while longer before turning to the west . 
 i wish to make landfall to the west of the city just before darkness sets in . '' 
 she had wanted to ask of his companion , the mystery woman , but had not the energy . 
 jason asked not her reason why but simply unrolled his chart and started writing numbers down on his pad . 
 heather watched him but for a few minutes before going below to their cabin . 
 daniel was sleeping soundly and awoke not as she joined him in the small berth . 
 despite her fatigue sleep would not come to her , for her mind raced with many thoughts and worries . 
 daniel 's gentle snoring finally overcame her anxiety and she fell asleep . 
 later when daniel awoke he noted his bride next to him , but carefully climbed out of the berth . 
 she responded by rolling over but never awoke . 
 he went to the galley and had food of the sea to eat before checking on the wounded . 
 captain cook had awakened and had a moderate fever but otherwise seemed to be recovering well . 
 he demanded to be released to the bridge and daniel could see no reason why not . 
 he had two crew assist the captain to the bridge . 
 at first the captain said not as he got his bearings and looked at the trimming of the sails . 
 he asked jason , `` your destination ? '' 
 jason replied , `` heather would have us land her and those of the forest as near the west end of the city as we can . '' 
 he handed captain cook the chart , saying , `` i would expect we would arrive at this cove shortly before nightfall . '' 
 captain cook studied the chart for some time before saying , `` if you would proceed a little more to the west the landing would be much less visible , but those of the forest would have a slightly longer distance to travel . '' 
 jason accepted the chart back from the captain , and after study had to agree that the captain was right . 
 he again started jotting down numbers and made a slight heading change . 
 larby and jeremy had been working on a set of crutches for captain cook , and when they presented them he said not . 
 standing , he moved about a bit , but he tired easily and returned to his seat . 
 he nodded in appreciation and said , `` i guess if larby can adapt i should be able to also . '' 
 when heather arrived topside the sun had begun its descent to the horizon . 
 she checked their position but said little . 
 she was happy to hear captain cook barking out his orders in the colorful language used by those of the sea . 
 she asked , `` how much of daniel 's powder do you have left ? '' 
 captain cook replied , `` we had not much at the start of this journey , and have used most of that in our attack on the harbor ships . 
 i will check but probably only two or three small kegs remain . '' 
 heather asked , `` how much powder do you need to defend the ship if attacked ? '' 
 before answering , captain cook called the first mate and had him inspect the stores for an accurate count . 
 he then replied , `` we can fire the cannons about eight times with the powder in one of the kegs . 
 that should be enough to allow us to escape but not enough for an attack . '' 
 the first mate returned and reported that they had three full kegs and one partial keg . 
 heather accepted this information and went to find daniel . 
 he was tending the injured , and heather but watched for some time before touching him on the shoulder and saying , `` i would speak with you topside . '' 
 daniel replied , `` let me finish changing this bandage and i will meet you . '' 
 daniel found heather in the bow of the ship just staring off into the distance . 
 he stood next to her with his arm around her shoulder , and she softened her stance , enjoying the support of daniel . 
 they said not for some time before heather spoke up , saying , `` we must attack the mounted troops and i need your help . '' 
 daniel was puzzled by her trepidation , but knew enough to remain silent and let her work through her thoughts and emotions . 
 when she spoke again there was less of an edge to her voice . 
 she said , `` we have two kegs of your powder , and i would you plan a method of using them to attack the mounted troops of those of the east . '' 
 daniel replied , `` i am sure jeremy and i can come up with something . '' 
 heather was quiet for a moment before saying , `` i have another task for jeremy . 
 i would have those of the forest create a series of trip lines or snares to entangle the horses the mounted troops ride . '' 
 she then added , `` the horses are magnificent creatures and i hate to injure them , but i see no choice . '' 
 daniel asked , `` where will you do battle ? '' 
 heather chewed on her lower lip before replying , `` i wish i knew the landscape better , but it would seem that the east side of the ford where the roadway descends the bank to cross the river . 
 it is a rocky area which should provide reasonable cover for those of the forest . '' 
 daniel asked , `` how do you intend to get the mounted troops into the trap ? '' 
 heather looked down before replying . 
 `` i am using the army of the red we have joined with as the bait . '' 
 she was quiet for some time before adding , `` if we fail , they will pay a heavy price . '' 
 jeremy showed up and asked , `` is this a private party or can i join ? '' 
 heather gave him a gentle smile before replying , `` i would very much appreciate some quiet , peaceful time , but actually i was about to go search you out . '' 
 she then explained , `` i would you and the others of the forest create a net of snares and trip lines to entrap the legs of the horses the mounted troops of the east ride . '' 
 she explained , `` i hope to set a trap and have the horses descending the east hill to the ford . 
 hopefully they will be in full battle charge . 
 daniel will then use what little powder remains to set off the explosion just uphill from your portion of the trap . '' 
 jeremy thought for some time before replying , `` we have a fair amount of rope and there is enough dust to hide it from view . '' 
 he then asked , `` where would you have this trap set ? '' 
 when heather had told him of her site , he nodded , saying , `` the boulders will give us a point to anchor the ropes to . 
 i can rig up a simple spring system using the green branches from along the river , which will allow us to release the ropes all at once . '' 
 heather then said , `` i would expect we will need at least four hours for travel , which leaves you only four or five hours to prepare the trap before we lose the cover of darkness . 
 those of the red will begin their attack at dawn , and i would expect the mounted troops to counterattack within a few hours . 
 those of the red will retreat rapidly to the edge of the river , and it is my hope that the mounted troops of the east will be unable to resist attacking an apparent easy prey . '' 
 while jeremy and daniel continued their planning , heather moved aft to confer with jason and captain cook . 
 for the first time she got a good look at the companion who followed jason so closely . 
 the blackness of the skin and the whiteness the eyes were startling , but as she looked she also noticed the intense intelligence evident . 
 she was dressed in rags and yet her beauty was evident . 
 she asked jason , `` i would hear the story of your companion ? '' 
 jason replied , `` it is a story best told around one of your campfires . '' 
 he then summarized quickly their initial encounter with the black ships of the east . 
 when heather asked of her place of origin , jason could only reply , `` we know not . '' 
 he then went on to explain how rheon seemed to be able to read their charts but they had great difficulty trying to communicate . 
 heather asked , `` would she be willing to work with the young priest so we could learn her language ? '' 
 jason responded , `` she has been much abused , but if i sat with them i think she would be willing . '' 
 heather responded , `` i will have betty work with her to get adequate clothing , and have the young priest who accompanies us work with you two . '' 
 the discussion turned towards her plan , and after listening jason complained that she again was taking too great a risk . 
 heather but shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` we have all taken great risk . '' 
 she then added , `` i need you and captain cook to stand by close enough for a light signal -- either the mirror or fire . 
 `` for things may not go as i have planned , and we will need rescue . '' 
 when the discussion was finished heather went below to find betty and the young priest . 
 betty was busy working on cloth and heather knew without asking that she had already started on the clothing for the stranger . 
 the young priest was suffering slightly from the sickness of the sea despite the relative calmness of the sea . 
 he had questions about the nature of the stranger 's language , but heather said , `` i know not but wish you to learn and to teach jason . '' 
 the sun had almost completed its journey across the sky before captain cook sailed into the small cove and dropped anchor . 
 they began to immediately offload those of the forest . 
 they were traveling light with only a few days ' supplies , for the battle would be quickly decided . 
 either they would need to flee to the sea or there would be time to resupply . 
 about two-thirds of those of the forest moved out quickly , with daniel and jeremy to set up the trap heather had planned . 
 those remaining traveled slowly , for heather yet had difficulty in walking and frequently was carried . 
 they had traveled about half the distance to their point of attack when one of the scouts returned , leading heather 's great white horse . 
 they paused for a rest while heather and her horse became reacquainted . 
 they traveled much quicker now but needed more work to cover their trail . 
 when they finally arrived at the river , they crossed the ford and then moved upstream to high ground from which to further plan the attack . 
 the trail was steep and rocky and the horse had difficulty with the stones and the narrowness of the path . 
 they set up a small camp and scouts began patrolling the area . 
 heather ordered a rest period for those not scouting . 
 it was a moonless night with only the light of the stars , but from her vantage point heather could make out the greater blackness of the land around her . 
 she tried to rest but her mind was too active . 
 when the sky to the east announced the arrival of the morning with a graying of the eastern sky , her anxiety settled itself somewhat , for the decisions had been made . 
 now it was up to the god of the sacred water . 
 it was a glorious sunrise , with the progression from a few bands of pink to a glorious banquet of colors as the sun began to creep over the horizon . 
 heather could make out a few of the forest moving in and out of the boulders . 
 the sun was not yet free of the horizon , and the sound of trumpets was easily heard as those of the red began their attack on the western front . 
 she sent some of those of the forest to act as guides to those of the red as they began their retreat . 
 those who had arrived in the black ships from the east had broken camp , and began moving to the eastern front as reinforcements against the army of don the great . 
 the surprise attack from the rear caused major confusion as the remaining troops were quickly overrun . 
 the inertia of the main column of enemy troops took some time to reform and create a defensive position . 
 those of the east suffered great losses initially , but as they reorganized , their greater numbers stopped the advance of the red army . 
 from her perch on the high ground heather watched for any signs of the mounted troops approaching . 
 it was midmorning before the dust cloud of fast-moving horses could be seen . 
 she had a light signal sent to those of the forest who were with the army of the red . 
 as was planned , the commander of the red ordered an emergency retreat and followed those of the forest who guided them to the ford . 
 by the time they were descending the hill towards the river , the thunder of horses could be felt shaking the ground . 
 heather had wanted them to appear somewhat disorganized , which the commander of the red found easy to do , for the fear that the mounted troops instilled was most real . 
 he did his best to organize the defense line but found himself pinned between the river and the approaching enemy . 
 from her perch heather could see the dust cloud approaching from the fast-moving mounted troops . 
 when they arrived at the down slope leading to the ford , they stopped -- and heather feared that her planning had failed . 
 the troops disappeared back behind the edge of the downslope just out of sight . 
 for a moment there was silence . 
 with a sudden fury they reappeared and began a gallop down the slope in attack formation . 
 her instructions to jeremy had been simple : `` let the lead horses pass and then spring the trap . '' 
 from her vantage point amongst the rocks heather watched in a mix of fear and anticipation . 
 the first few horses passed through the trap as planned , and then suddenly horses began screaming and riders were thrown to the ground . 
 those in the rear of the attack column tried to rein their horses in . 
 daniel was hidden amongst the rocks ready to strike the fire for the powder . 
 as the horses began thundering by , he realized that they were powerful enough to disrupt his carefully buried lines of powder . 
 he became so nervous that he had trouble striking the flint to start the powder on fire . 
 he needed his explosion to occur while the mounted troops were bunched up and before they could reorganize . 
 when he finally struck a flame in the powder and the smoke moved forward , he retreated further into the rocks . 
 they had discussed a complete retreat , but he was unsure of the powder so he stayed close enough that he could relight it if needed . 
 the powder trails seemed to burn more slowly than he remembered , and his anxiety about failing increased . 
 the mounted troops were reorganizing and this opportunity was quickly fading . 
 daniel was thinking hard about what else he could do and failed to keep himself completely hidden . 
 a call went up from one of the troops , who began pointing towards daniel . 
 at this point all daniel could do was flee the area and worry not about the powder . 
 he took off running upriver in amongst the rocks along the bank . 
 three of the mounted troops peeled off from the main group and began their pursuit . 
 they had no sooner left the area of heather 's trap when daniel 's powder erupted in a great explosion , which hurled rocks and dirt over the mounted troops . 
 many were knocked free of their horses just from the concussion of the explosion . 
 the flying debris injured or killed many others , and the sound of horses screaming from their wounds permeated the valley . 
 as soon as debris quit falling from the sky , the commander of the red commenced his attack . 
 the ferocity of the explosion seemed to stimulate his troops . 
 they charged uphill not to the sounds of trumpets , but to the roar of the soldiers ' cries of aggression as they moved to defend their homeland . 
 the network of ropes slowed their progress and some of the mounted troops escaped ; those who were not quick enough succumbed to those of the red . 
 heather 's attention had already shifted to the three mounted troops who had left the main group and were headed upstream along the bank . 
 when she realized they were pursuing daniel , she remembered not her injured foot as she ran to where her horse was hidden . 
 she yelled that those of the forest with her should follow , and she took off at a dangerous gallop down the narrow trail . 
 she mostly just held on as the horse navigated the steep trail , but as soon as the trail leveled she unsheathed her sword . 
 she could see that daniel was soon to be overrun and urged her horse on . 
 those of the east were concentrating hard on their quarry and paid no attention to the approaching horse . 
 daniel darted behind another rock , which caused the pursuers to pull up and change directions , which allowed heather to close the distance between them . 
 it took a moment for the three from the east to recognize that heather was not of their troop despite her horse . 
 the closest turned and began positioning his lancet for an attack . 
 heather bothered not with traditional battle and instead raced by , only to stop and turn , using a quick thrust of her sword to the horse 's hamstring . 
 the horse screamed , but heather 's horse had already turned and was rearing up on its hind legs , striking another of the horses with his front hooves clad in cutting edges . 
 this attack managed to dislodge the rider , who was partially trampled by the sparring horses . 
 the third of the mounted troops had turned and prepared and was ready for heather . 
 heather pulled her horse up short , and the one from the east charged with his lancet leveled . 
 heather met the charge using her sword and all her strength to deflect the lancet . 
 the strength of the attack all but overwhelmed heather and severely twisted her shoulder , so she shifted her sword back to her right arm . 
 when the one from the east stopped and turned his horse preparing for another charge , he was just opposite daniel , who was hiding behind the boulder . 
 daniel reacted using the only weapon he had , a broken tree limb . 
 he charged out from behind the rock and attacked the horse in one of the few places without armor . 
 with all his strength he shoved the stick into the horse 's rectum . 
 the horse responded with a scream and reared up to its full height . 
 this unexpected movement dislodged the warrior riding on its back as the horse fled . 
 heather wasted no time and brought the strength of her horse and sword to the warrior who wisely decided to fight no more and lay passively on the ground . 
 jeremy and the others of the forest had been running hard and had arrived just in time to witness daniel 's attack . 
 jeremy was laughing so hard he had trouble talking . 
 when daniel asked him what was so funny , he replied , `` who but our mighty healer would think of attacking a war horse by shoving a stick up its arse ? '' 
 daniel 's response was , `` it worked , did it not ? '' 
 jeremy had to agree but still could not control his laughter . 
 heather spoke up , saying , `` i would we secure this area and the prisoner . 
 we need to move to higher ground . '' 
 those of the forest , in their apparently disorganized fashion , began moving back across the river to the higher hills to the east . 
 not until they had found a defensible position did heather stop and allow daniel to examine her shoulder . 
 it had already swollen considerably , but he could feel no break in the bones and the joint seemed intact . 
 he used one of his cloth bandages to try to support the arm . 
 heather was obviously in significant pain but complained not . 
 from their temporary camp , scouts went out and brought back reports . 
 as nightfall approached it was obvious that those of the red had succeeded in turning the tide of the battle . 
 those from the east were now being pushed hard from both fronts . 
 those of the great city watched from the protection of the walls and knew not exactly what had happened . 
 the citizens knew that the bombardment of the walls was much reduced , but they understood not the risk that had been taken . 
 the scarlet king and those of his war cabinet had likewise stood on the parapet and watched the battle unfold . 
 the one called the pet bird by those of the forest spoke up , saying , `` it is about time we counterattacked . 
 i would have done this before so much destruction of our walls and city had occurred . 
 i do not know why our commander had to wait so long . 
 we could 've easily done this without the help of the strangers . '' 
 the scarlet king listened to the whining , and despite the confusion of his mind he knew that it was the one with the golden hair and those of the forest who had changed the course of the battle . 
 he spoke up , saying , `` we owe our survival to those of the forest and their spirits . 
 i would not have any one speak against them . '' 
 chapter 16 only after heather had satisfied herself that their camp was safe did she relax enough to fully appreciate the pain in her shoulder . 
 she had those of the forest rotate their rest periods and scouting activities . 
 she asked jeremy , `` what chances would there be of finding some game to supplement our diet ? '' 
 he replied , `` edna is already preparing a hunt and i and a few others will join her . 
 hopefully we will have fresh meat for the evening meal . '' 
 as an afterthought he added , `` a glass of ale would go awfully nice with some fresh meat . '' 
 heather smiled her little smile and responded not . 
 daniel was busy fussing over her shoulder , which seemed to make the pain even worse . 
 he finally announced , `` you will heal but it is going to take time . '' 
 his face was in a deep frown ; he continued , `` your time as a warrior has come to an end , for neither of your arms can fully handle your sword . '' 
 heather responded not for some time as she considered his words . 
 when she spoke it was in a quiet voice . 
 `` i expect your words are true , but we yet have much planning to do . '' 
 for a short time they were quiet together , enjoying the peace of their camp in the presence of one another . 
 the sun was getting low in the sky when edna and the others returned carrying several sheep . 
 she explained , `` seems those of the east have destroyed the farms and those animals which escaped are now wild . '' 
 the scent of roasting meat improved everyone 's spirits , and those of the forest enjoyed much their campfire . 
 scouts and sentries came and went so all could share in the celebration . 
 when everyone had eaten their fill the stories started . 
 as always jeremy played the role of chief storyteller , repeatedly raising his hand as if he held a large mug of ale . 
 he recounted first the snare trap they had created and then daniel 's explosion . 
 he explained , `` our daniel was so worried of his powder that he forgot to remain hidden , and the mounted troops took after him like a family of foxes after a rabbit . 
 if it were n't for heather riding to his rescue he would have been done for . 
 of course it was three against one . '' 
 after he had described in somewhat enhanced detail heather 's attack on the mounted troops of the east , he turned again his attention to daniel , saying , `` now , our healer joined the battle using the only weapon he had -- a small branch of a tree . 
 a sane person would question attacking a fully armored military horse and its armored rider with a stick , but not our daniel . 
 he attacked with the full fury of his profession , jamming the stick into one of the few unprotected spots . 
 now , the horse did not think kindly of someone sticking a branch up its arse , and before you know it the horse was screaming and bucking , tossing his rider to the ground . 
 and that is how we came to have a prisoner . '' 
 when the laughter and cheering had subsided , daniel replied in a quiet voice , `` it worked . 
 i did what needed to be done . '' 
 as the evening wore on , heather 's pain seemed to increase . 
 she and daniel left the campfire for their small tent and some time together . 
 daniel seemed embarrassed about jeremy 's story , and heather said , `` again we have saved each other 's lives and how we accomplished it matters not . 
 what matters is we are together . '' 
 when morning came and the breaking of the fast was complete , heather called a council of all those who were in camp . 
 she started the discussion by acknowledging the efforts of everyone and remembering those who had paid the ultimate price . 
 she then explained how she felt the war would proceed , with the two armies continuing to battle until those of the east either fled or were completely defeated . 
 she said , `` i would expect that our role in this war is coming to an end and that it will be the work of jason to negotiate a peace agreement . 
 i would a few of you head back over the mountains and carry the news to both kingdoms and to those of the forest . '' 
 when asked what would be of the rest of those of the forest , she replied , `` i would we move our camp close to the sea where our ship awaits , but i need to meet with the commander of the red first . 
 expect to travel on the day following the morrow . 
 i need to confer with jason , for much planning yet remains . 
 i would your skills as hunters provide us with the food we need both for our camp and our journey home . 
 the scouts will continue to monitor the battle and patrol for any possible danger . '' 
 jeremy asked , `` you fear those of the east ? '' 
 heather looked up not as she replied , `` i fear those of the east , but i also trust not those of the red in the palace . '' 
 the commander of the red joined them for the evening meal on the following day . 
 he brought a report of the battle , which had progressed well for those of the red . 
 the two armies were in regular communication and continued to squeeze those of the east . 
 when asked about the possibility of a peace settlement , he replied . 
 `` those of the east conquer or die . '' 
 he then went on to predict several more weeks of fighting as those of the east took an ever more defensive position . 
 heather listened and respected what the commander of the red said . 
 she said in reply , `` we of the forest are not suited to traditional battle . 
 we will continue to work with those left behind to prevent supplies from reaching the army from the east , but our role seems to be done . '' 
 they then worked to set up a communication path with those of the forest acting as messengers . 
 when the meeting was completed heather released the commander of his obligation to her , saying , `` i return you to the service of your king , but pray to the god of the sacred water that we can continue not as enemies but as trading partners . '' 
 the commander of the red was quiet for some moments before replying , `` one can serve not two masters , but you have given me and my people a great gift which will not be forgotten even if those of the palace forget . '' 
 camp was broken with the coming of the morning light . 
 those of the forest traveled at a leisurely pace bringing their prisoner with them , who was not used to walking . 
 even without all his armor and the slow pace those of the forest were traveling , he had great difficulty keeping up . 
 he spoke the language of those from the east and could be understood not by those of the forest . 
 those of the forest were gentle enough with him , assisting whenever possible and making sure he had enough food and water . 
 when traveling he was no longer tied but always kept in the center of the group . 
 much sign was left by the stranger and by the great white horse which carried heather , and those of the forest spent little time in covering their trail . 
 those who had gone ahead were able to signal the ship with their mirrors , and those of the forest arrived at the cove in time to watch the ship sail into view . 
 heather thought of moving everyone aboard the ship , but knew that those of the forest would be happier camped ashore . 
 they had yet a long journey home and deserved their time ashore . 
 the boats were lowered from the ship and jason with the others came ashore . 
 those of the sea then withdrew and the ship again raised its sails and disappeared into the vastness of the ocean . 
 only the signalman at the highest point could make out the ship , but it was enough to maintain communication using their mirrors . 
 heather worried but little of their being discovered , for the war seemed to occupy completely the attention of both those of the red and those of the east . 
 a large campfire was built and some more of their fresh meat roasted . 
 root vegetables had survived the ravaging of the farmland by those of the east and it was a most pleasant meal . 
 heather noticed that the lady with the black skin never left jason 's side . 
 she spoke little , and was now dressed in the clothes that betty had made . 
 the bright colors seemed to accentuate the blackness of her skin ; she was beautiful to the eye . 
 as the meal was completed , heather asked jason to tell his story . 
 jason objected , saying , `` i am not a storyteller . 
 it would be much better to listen to jeremy 's stories . '' 
 heather responded , `` there are those of the forest who may choose to disagree with you , but i would very much like to hear your story and of the stranger who accompanies you . '' 
 jason glanced at his companion , who nodded approval in a most inconspicuous way . 
 jason began his story by first describing the initial battle with the two ships from the east , and how his inability to predict advances in military conduct had almost cost them their ship and their lives . 
 his voice was brighter when he described their search for survivors and how they had rescued the one called rheon . 
 heather listened to the story , but also watched closely jason 's companion . 
 her facial expressions indicated that she was understanding the story but said not . 
 jason then told of their attack on the harbor and the injury to captain cook . 
 even in the light of the campfire he seemed to pale as he told the story of the surgery to remove the captain 's lower leg . 
 when he had finished his story those of the forest pounded a rhythm using whatever they had as a drumstick to show their approval . 
 jason 's companion brightened considerably with the rhythm and immediately joined in . 
 it was now jeremy 's turn and he stood for maximum effect , saying initially , `` a story is best told with a glass of ale , but i will do my best . '' 
 daniel protested , saying , `` maybe it would be best if parts of your story were not told . '' 
 jeremy responded , saying , `` you mean the part about you attacking the warrior from the east and his warhorse , both covered in heavy armor , with a stick ? '' 
 the more that daniel protested that others would not be interested in hearing yet again that part of the story , the more those around the campfire urged jeremy on . 
 as jeremy began the tale his right hand again moved as if he held a mug of ale . 
 as the tale was being told , heather leaned over to daniel , whispering , `` you set up jeremy nicely for the telling of the story . '' 
 in response daniel squeezed her hand but said not . 
 the night was late before the stories were all told , and heather and daniel much appreciated the solitude of their tent and the time together . 
 morning came , and after heather had completed her morning ritual she joined those of the forest for the breaking of the fast . 
 jason arrived somewhat late , for he was not an early riser . 
 after the breaking of the fast a meeting was held between heather and jason , with daniel and the stranger with the black skin accompanying them . 
 heather summarized the war situation and told of their prisoner . 
 she asked if jason 's companion could speak with the warrior from the east . 
 rheon began shaking her head in the negative and speaking rapidly , but with only a few words that heather could understand . 
 jason listened to his companion and seemed to be able to understand her . 
 he translated , saying , `` those from the east who ride the great horses will speak not to one from the dark country . 
 she thinks i should be the one to speak to him . 
 with the help of the young priest i have learned some of their language , but fear that without her keen ear i will miss much of what he has to say . '' 
 heather thought hard before replying , `` it would seem those of the east put great emphasis on appearance and stature . 
 it may be best if you presented yourself in royal dress , and maybe the young priest and rheon could sit behind you as advisers and translators . '' 
 jason replied , `` i have aboard the ship the robe i wore when i first met with those of the red . 
 it seems my size has diminished , but it should meet our needs . '' 
 by the time the ship had been signaled and returned to the cove it was midday . 
 heather took time to carefully arrange the setting , which allowed jason to be seated facing away from the sun with the young priest to his left and rheon to his right seated just behind him . 
 the prisoner was brought forth and stood before jason , but bowing his head in recognition of jason 's stature . 
 jason spoke in the language of those of the east , saying , `` i am jason and would hear your story . '' 
 hearing his own tongue from one of the primitives brought out an obvious surprised look on the face of the prisoner . 
 at first he spoke not and jason patiently waited . 
 he then began speaking -- at first slowly and then much more rapidly . 
 he explained , `` my name is zelue the warrior and i serve the great one . 
 we have been sent to conquer this land in the name of our god and to destroy the lesser gods . '' 
 jason responded , `` we are assisting those of the red who are our trading partners . '' 
 then without thinking he added , `` we serve under the command of the one with golden hair who has been prophesied . '' 
 a look of unease crossed over the face of the prisoner as some memory was triggered of a long forgotten story he had been taught . 
 at first he said not , and then looking around for heather said only , `` i have experienced her power . '' 
 jason continued , `` those of the forest consider you not a prisoner but as a guest who requires special care . 
 you are free to move around the camp , but i would advise you not to leave the area of the camp , for those of the forest would be insulted and their arrows are sharp . '' 
 he then summarized the status of the war , saying , `` your mounted cavalry has been broken and your horses starving , for the supply lines have been severed . 
 those of the red are pushing in from both the west and the east . 
 many of your ships have been destroyed in the harbor and the headland recaptured . '' 
 after a pause he suggested , `` it would appear that it is time for your forces to sue for peace . '' 
 the prisoner appeared quite weary as he responded , `` the great one i serve expects and tolerates nothing but victory . 
 we are to either die on the battlefield fighting for victory or return triumphant . 
 return without victory is not tolerated and death by our peers follows quickly . '' 
 he then said in a quiet voice , `` i expect your analysis is correct but we have no way of suing for peace . '' 
 jason responded likewise in a quiet voice , `` i would like to prevent the death and suffering which will happen to both your people and those of the red . 
 we are a trading people and would much prefer trading agreements to war . '' 
 for two days the intermittent discussions continued but seemed to lead nowhere . 
 heather finally had enough and sent a message to the commander of the red who had served under her , saying , `` i would meet with you and with the envoy whom you call don the great , if possible at the time of the moonrise outside the secret passage . '' 
 she gave the brief message to one of the forest to deliver and continued with her planning . 
 she had several of the forest secure the area and create a net of sentries to guard the meeting she wished to have . 
 it was after the evening meal that she and others of the forest departed for the several hour hike to the secret passageway . 
 betty had insisted on coming with and rode behind heather on the great white horse . 
 a small campfire was built in the cover of the boulders just outside the opening of the secret passageway . 
 heather and betty sat patiently by the campfire saying little . 
 those of the forest were well hidden and ready with their bows . 
 as the moon 's silver light first became visible , the creaking of the passageway door could be heard . 
 heather moved not ; no warning was called out by the sentries watching the door . 
 heather listened to the heavy footsteps of the boots worn by those of the red , and thought she could detect three separate sounds . 
 she was not surprised when three figures appeared in the light of the campfire . 
 she said only , `` come sit by the fire , for we have planning to do . '' 
 heather looked up not until the three had seated themselves . 
 she nodded an acknowledgment to the commander of the red and to the envoy . 
 to the third person she said , `` i would know your name and your story . '' 
 the third person was staring at betty and said , `` i expect you already know my story . 
 i am stephen the scarlet king and i have come to meet the one to whom we owe so much . '' 
 heather was quiet for a moment before replying . 
 `` your debt is to my grandmother , who has given me orders from the grave to assist you . 
 i know not how the god of the sacred water causes the spirits of the forest to do as they do . 
 it is this power that has allowed those of the forest to assist you . '' 
 without further discussion or introduction , heather continued the meeting by saying , `` we of the forest have as our guest the one whom i feel was commander of the mounted troops . 
 jason has learned enough of their language to discuss the possibility of peace , but the one from the east says they have no way of suing for peace . '' 
 those of the red nodded in agreement . 
 she continued , `` i would try yet for peace by suggesting a trade agreement , but know not what you have to trade . 
 the cost to your kingdom and to the military people who serve it will be great if the war continues to the end . '' 
 both the envoy and the commander of the red turned to their scarlet king and said not . 
 before replying , the scarlet king reached for his container of water to wet his throat before speaking . 
 betty wrinkled up her nose and said , `` bad water . '' 
 the king looked at his water container and then at betty before replying , `` it is the water from the royal water fountain . 
 it gives us the strength we need . '' 
 he struggled somewhat for his words and especially to organize them , for his mind was much jumbled . 
 heather responded , `` i would you give some of the water for me to take back to our healer , for he knows much about our sacred water . '' 
 the king just nodded in agreement as he tried to organize his thoughts . 
 the envoy spoke up , saying , `` those of the east have little timber for building , but if we supply them with timber for building , it could also be used for the building of their ships of war . '' 
 the scarlet king only partially listened to the discussion ; when he had his thoughts finally organized , he said , `` the kingdom of the red is rich in grain and timber but we have little copper or iron . 
 these we could trade . '' 
 heather said not for some time as she stared into the fire . 
 without looking up she said , `` we of the forest have done our part and will soon return to our homes . 
 i would we completed the peace agreement that was negotiated by jason and the envoy . 
 i will present the option of trade to our guest from the east . 
 if he is not willing to take the risk of returning to his country with the trade agreement , then the battle must go on until their defeat is complete . '' 
 the envoy spoke , saying , `` with my king 's permission , i would meet with jason in the palace and complete the final details of the trade agreement . '' 
 the king had a somewhat faraway look on his face and he spoke , looking at betty : `` my time is short and i would that you not leave , for the little one has brought me great comfort . '' 
 betty was obviously uncomfortable with the attention and said only , `` not me . 
 it is the spirits of the forest . '' 
 heather spoke , saying , `` we of the forest are not of the city , and i would that negotiations occur in the open , for our previous experience in your city was not favorable . '' 
 the envoy spoke , saying , `` it will be as you wish , for we owe you a debt that can never be paid . 
 our previous treatment of your delegates is a great shame on our people . '' 
 time was then spent on arrangements and planning , but the scarlet king participated not and had the faraway look upon his face . 
 it was only as arrangements for the next meeting were finalized that he spoke in a quiet voice , saying , `` i would travel to spend my last days amongst the trees , which have given me such peace . 
 i would ask that you take me with you when you depart for your home . '' 
 silence ensued , with everyone just staring at the small campfire . 
 it was betty who finally spoke up , saying , `` the spirits of the forest would like that . '' 
 the envoy then spoke up , saying , `` i too would like to spend my last days in the land of the spirits of the forest , but the journey is long and fraught with danger . '' 
 he then added , `` you are the scarlet king , and how shall we govern without you ? '' 
 the scarlet king thought for some time before responding , `` my time is short , so what is danger to me ? 
 i shall designate my successor and the governing will continue as always , but without me . '' 
 again silence ensued and heather , without looking up , said simply , `` it will be as the god of the sacred water deems it . 
 i will need to confer with those of the forest before granting your request . '' 
 she added , `` life in the forest is a simple life without the trappings of a kingdom . 
 there will be none to care for you as is the custom in your land , and you will need to live as others in the forest live . 
 winter is far more harsh than you appreciate here in your great city . '' 
 the scarlet king responded , `` i am dying , so what do i need of the trappings of our kingdom ? 
 the peace and serenity of those great trees is what i ask for . '' 
 heather stood and said only , `` i will relay your request and have an answer at our next meeting . '' 
 she then strode off into the darkness with betty at her side , leaving those of the red sitting at the campfire . 
 they sat for some time before the envoy signaled the guards , who assisted the scarlet king back through the secret passage door into the waiting carriage . 
 the commander of the red stood guard himself while the king was carried back into the palace . 
 it was late when heather returned to their camp , and the morning came all too quickly . 
 she completed the morning ritual and joined the others for the breaking of the fast . 
 daniel had tried to wait up for her , but when she had returned to their tent he was asleep with his notebook still open . 
 now he sat at the campfire awaiting his bride and the news she brought . 
 heather enjoyed a light meal with her companions before calling for a council . 
 the council needed to wait for jason to show , for as always he found mornings difficult . 
 those of the forest joked that jason 's snoring was enough to scare away any and all creatures . 
 others argued that it was only the sound of the ocean against the rocks being amplified through jason . 
 after jason had eaten , heather told her story of meeting with those of the red and of the possible trade articles . 
 she then told of the scarlet king 's request to travel with them back to the forest . 
 she said , `` i would this decision be made by the council after hearing jason 's opinion . '' 
 jason spoke up only after a period of thought , saying , `` it would seem a logical decision if those of the forest are willing to forgive the past actions of those of the red . 
 it would ensure future cooperation between our peoples . '' 
 he then asked , `` does the scarlet king understand the nature of life in the forest ? '' 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` he knows . 
 needs to live with the priest . '' 
 those of the forest had a few other questions , but in general everyone seemed willing to allow the scarlet king to travel with them . 
 there was some discussion as to the difficulty in transport , and one of the hunters spoke up , saying , `` we will need the help of the traders , but if we use the house on wheels that the envoy traveled in we can transport the scarlet king . '' 
 after another moment of thought , he added , `` the traders will expect payment for their services and we will have another mouth to feed . '' 
 jason argued , `` i would expect the increased trade will more than compensate the traders for their efforts . 
 you could ask for payment up front , but i think that as highly regarded and powerful as the scarlet king is , those of the red will continue to sponsor him . 
 i doubt they understand the nature of your lives in the forest . '' 
 the discussion carried on , but in reality it was the very nature of those of the forest to offer hospitality , and heather doubted not that the request would be approved . 
 no actual vote was taken but it was obvious that the consensus was in favor . 
 daniel had been examining the water container that heather had brought , having already assumed that those of the forest would agree . 
 there was an obvious subtle tinge of yellow to the water , but to the nose it smelled fresh . 
 he tasted of the water and there was a slight bitterness , but otherwise it seemed fine . 
 he spoke up without thinking and interrupted the conversation of the council , saying , `` i wonder what the source of this water is ? '' 
 jeremy responded , `` i think it is from the fountain in front of the palace . 
 it had yellow crystals all over it and was reserved for those of the royal blood . '' 
 daniel said , `` i wish i had my alchemy equipment to test the water . 
 i would bet , jeremy , that this is their source of iodine , but i wonder what the yellow crystals are . '' 
 heather , wanting to finish the council discussion , said , `` make a list of the equipment you want and i 'll see if those of the red can supply it . '' 
 she then went on to summarize the feelings expressed in the council , saying , `` we will accept the scarlet king as our guest and have him reside with the priest at the monastery . 
 i will speak to those of the red of the cost of his transport , but offer the hospitality of the forest for his ongoing living cost . '' 
 she then discussed in general terms the challenges she saw in reaching a peace agreement with those from the east . 
 they discussed the provisions they would want for their return trip home , and preparations were made to begin securing meat and vegetables for curing . 
 the council was not so much closed as it was allowed to disintegrate into the friendly banter of those of the forest and the telling of stories . 
 daniel completed his list of alchemy equipment and handed it to heather , saying , `` i would have a larger sample of the water and maybe of the crystals if at all possible . '' 
 heather accepted the list to pass on to the messenger ; her fatigue was obvious . 
 daniel said , `` you need time for some rest . '' 
 heather replied with one of her small smiles and said , `` i would tend to the great white horse , for that will give me solace . 
 i will rest when my mind has settled down . '' 
 heather walked slowly towards the makeshift corral that held the great white horse . 
 the horse seemed to sense her presence and walked to meet her as she entered the corral . 
 she needed to stretch to her whole height to scratch behind the horse 's ears . 
 she then began grooming him using just her fingers . 
 both she and the horse seemed to enjoy the straightening of its mane , and heather found herself whistling softly . 
 for the better part of an hour she groomed the great white horse . 
 then the horse bent down , urging heather to climb onto its back . 
 using her right hand to grasp the horse 's mane , she pulled , and then jumped onto the horse 's back despite her injured leg and arm . 
 the horse responded with a gentle shake of his head and stood again . 
 with no obvious encouragement the horse began trotting around the corral . 
 their guest from those of the east had been watching and opened the door of the corral . 
 heather said not but simply let the horse carry her out of the corral into the open spaces . 
 the horse gradually increased in speed until it was at a full gallop , but its motion was so smooth that heather barely needed to hang on . 
 she whispered into the horse 's ears and it gradually slowed , cooling down and returning to the corral . 
 the one from the east was waiting and closed the corral after they had entered . 
 the horse bowed low , allowing heather to slip off . 
 the guest from the east pointed at the horse and said , `` whitinglow . '' 
 he repeated the name several times until heather 's pronunciation was adequate . 
 he then turned and left heather alone to meet again with jason . 
 chapter 17 jason was waiting with the young priest and rheon at their normal meeting site , but they no longer dressed in formal attire . 
 jason was learning the language of those of the east ever so slowly and still depended greatly on the help of the young priest and rheon . 
 their guest from those of the east bowed ever so slightly as a greeting and opened the discussion by saying , `` the one with golden hair whispers to the horse and the horse trusts her . 
 we the people have a legend of such a warrior but i know not from whence it arises . '' 
 jason had many questions of the legend , but the one from the east could only respond , `` our scholars may know the origin , but i know only what was taught in my military training -- that such a warrior was to be emulated for their leadership ability . 
 i never understood how such a warrior could be a woman . '' 
 he was silent for a moment before continuing , `` i have seen and experienced her power , and i now believe the legend to be true . 
 i am willing to encourage my people to negotiate a peace agreement with the mysterious people of the forest and their leader with the golden hair . '' 
 jason asked , `` what of the people of the city of red ? '' 
 the stranger from the east was obviously greatly troubled with the question . 
 he replied only , `` if we are to return to our own country having admitted defeat , we face loss of our honor and certain death . 
 if the agreement is with one of whom our legend speaks , and incidentally includes some sort of peace agreement with those of the city , there is hope that our honor will remain intact . '' 
 jason asked , `` what if your great one agrees not to the agreement you present ? '' 
 their guest but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` then our honor will be spoiled and our lives forfeited . 
 i can but pledge my own vow of peace , and if our commanding officer so agrees i would expect all of our troops to make a similar pledge . '' 
 jason asked , `` how would you suggest the peace process proceed ? '' 
 the stranger responded , `` i would meet with my commander , and if he is willing i would then meet with you and the one who whispers to horses . '' 
 he added , `` we will need to include those of the red , but not until my commander has made his decision . '' 
 rheon spoke into jason 's ear and jason nodded as he listened , rubbing the bristle on his chin . 
 he spoke up , saying , `` you are at present a guest of those of the forest . 
 i would know how your status would change if you are brought back to your own people . '' 
 the stranger said , `` i can but pledge my honor , for if my commanding officer agrees not , so it will be . 
 i shall either return in disgrace or with instructions for a formal meeting . '' 
 he added , `` if i return not it will be because my life has been forfeited . 
 i can promise no more . '' 
 their conversation was interrupted by daniel , who had many questions about the source of iodine used by those of the east . 
 the stranger had no knowledge of such a substance , but admitted that their invasion centered on capturing the royal spring in front of the palace of the red . 
 when daniel asked about the presence of deformed babies the stranger replied , `` many of the royal family are plagued by babies who grow not , and our healers have learned of the strength imparted by the royal spring . '' 
 daniel had many questions about their diet and especially of the differences between the common folk and the royal families . 
 the stranger did his best to answer the questions ; daniel listened intently as rheon translated for him . 
 it seemed those of the royal families avoided eating food from the ocean , but the common folks depended upon the sea for much of their food . 
 he had many more questions , but jason spoke up , saying , `` can not these questions wait while we finish our discussion of a peace treaty ? '' 
 daniel appeared somewhat surprised by the reprimand , saying , `` i expect the cause of this war is similar to the cause of our war with those of the red . 
 we need to treat the underlying cause if we would have peace . '' 
 he then went off to worry about the arrival of his alchemy equipment and the testing he would do on the water of the royal spring . 
 jason and the stranger from the east continued their discussion until the time for the evening meal and the telling of stories . 
 the stranger from the east joined them for the food and watched the telling of stories despite his inability to understand the language . 
 rheon now participated , and told a short story of her people from the dark lands . 
 those of the forest were enthralled to hear of the land so different from their forest . 
 in the morning jason met with heather regarding the offer made by the stranger from the east . 
 jason had concerns about protecting their camp if the stranger revealed , either intentionally or accidentally , their location . 
 heather considered this for but a moment before replying , `` i feel the stranger is honorable in his own way . 
 we have left much sign in our coming and going and anyone looking could find us . 
 i would chance accepting his offer for otherwise many will die . '' 
 they then discussed the method of returning the stranger to his people . 
 heather decided , `` the stranger seems unable to walk any faster than a small child of the forest . 
 i would he ride the great white horse to the northern edge of the camp of those of the east . 
 some of those of the forest would travel along as scouts and ensure he arrives back at his camp . '' 
 she then added , `` i would our meeting , if it is to occur , be in the evening of the day following the morrow . 
 you and i will need to travel but at a slower pace , with again those of the forest scouting ahead for any danger . '' 
 jason responded , `` i agree your plan is logical , but how would you travel with your leg not yet healed ? '' 
 heather replied , `` i will do as i must , but having another horse would be of great help . '' 
 she then added , `` i will speak to edna and jeremy to see if there is any hope of securing additional horses . '' 
 their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of two of the forest leading each a horse burdened with the alchemy supplies that daniel had requested . 
 heather smiled one of her small smiles and said to jason , `` seems the god of the sacred water has already seen of our need . '' 
 daniel immediately began arranging the supplies on a flat rock he was using as a table . 
 the stranger from the east watched but said not . 
 as daniel began his work of alchemy , jason met again with the stranger . 
 jason spoke up , saying , `` heather with the golden hair has agreed with your proposal . 
 you will travel on horseback with those of the forest to the northern edge of your camp . 
 on the evening of the day following the morrow , one of those from the forest will be waiting to guide you to the meeting spot . '' 
 the stranger asked , `` how will we find the one we are to meet ? '' 
 jason just smiled at first before replying , `` those of the forest will find you and be aware of you long before you could possibly find them . '' 
 he then added , `` it would be best if your party was limited to only yourself and a few others . '' 
 as those traveling with the stranger from the east finished their preparations , they were interrupted by an excited yell from daniel . 
 heather walked over to where daniel was dancing around and pointing to the black area on one of their precious potatoes he had used . 
 heather asked , `` what does that black spot signify ? '' 
 daniel responded , `` the water from the royal spring does contain iodine as i expected . 
 now if i just knew what the yellow substance was i may be able to help in the negotiations . '' 
 heather understood not his discussion of alchemy , and finally asked , `` does this mean that their royal spring is much like our sacred water ? '' 
 daniel exclaimed , `` exactly , but i need to figure out what the yellow substance is and whether it promotes health or not . '' 
 he then added , `` it would seem that those of the royal family are smaller and less vigorous than the general population . 
 it may be that the yellow substance somehow hinders their growth . '' 
 heather reminded daniel that betty had said the water was `` bad water '' and had told the king not to drink it . 
 daniel replied , `` betty listens well to the spirits of the forest and i know not how she knows what she knows , but i expect she is right . 
 i wish i knew more of alchemy , but i will do my best . '' 
 heather had a day of rest with those of the forest , preparing both for their departure for home and for the meeting with those from the east . 
 her thoughts were mostly of her baby and of their simple home in the forest . 
 she did not even try to hold back the tears , for they were tears of anticipation and joy . 
 she spent time grooming the great white horse and being everything but a warrior . 
 as the stories were being told after the evening meal around the campfire , she listened but was still far away . 
 her attention was drawn back to the present as rheon told the story of her capture and the destruction of her village . 
 apparently those of the east required everyone to believe in their god or be put to death . 
 heather shuddered at the violence people were able to inflict upon others and wished not to hear more at this time . 
 she excused herself from the group and sought the shelter of their tent . 
 she was soon joined by daniel . 
 morning came , and after the completion of the morning ritual she broke fast with those of the forest and listened to the reports of the scouts and of those working to obtain the supplies for the journey home . 
 daniel reported that indeed the royal spring contained almost as much iodine as their sacred water , but he was troubled that the sample brought on the horses was much more dilute then the container that the scarlet king was drinking from . 
 he knew very little yet of the yellow substance , and again it was much more dilute in the sample the horses had delivered . 
 it was midmorning when heather mounted the great white horse with betty climbing up behind her . 
 jason mounted the remaining horse that had carried the alchemy supplies . 
 they rode at an easy pace as those of the forest scouted ahead and behind . 
 rheon trotted at his side and had no difficulty keeping up . 
 she had not the loping gait of those of the forest but her long legs were obviously made for travel . 
 nightfall was approaching when they arrived at the camping site jeremy had picked out , and they had a simple meal of travel rations . 
 jason complained , `` it would seem that the riding of horses is not what my body was built for . '' 
 he then added , `` far better to ride the waves and let the ship carry you across the ocean than to put up with the jostling and the soreness of riding a horse . '' 
 heather gave him one of her small smiles but replied not . 
 her mind was occupied with the strangers from the east ; she asked jason , `` think you that those of the east will present themselves tonight ? '' 
 jason responded , `` the stranger from the east seemed honorable enough even though his concept of life is so different from ours . 
 i would expect that indeed they will show . '' 
 rheon , who as always was at jason 's side , spoke up , saying , `` they will come but their words may not mean what you think they mean . '' 
 darkness had become complete and the moon had not yet risen as they prepared for the possible arrival of the negotiators . 
 those of the forest surrounded their campsite as sentries and defenders , both groups of whom were well hidden . 
 it was not long before a bird call was heard and repeated from several different spots . 
 jason was somewhat puzzled as to the type of bird , and heather explained , `` those of the forest are speaking and our guests are on their way . 
 they sense no danger . '' 
 jason tried to emulate the calmness that heather displayed sitting by the small campfire poking occasionally at the coals with but little success . 
 the sounds of the night seemed to change not , and yet heather spoke up , saying , `` they are near and travel as a group of three . '' 
 when the one from the forest who was leading the group stepped into the small circle of light , he but nodded his head before again disappearing into the darkness . 
 the stranger who had been their guest was leading two others , who now also stepped into the small circle of light . 
 heather looked up not from her campfire , but said simply in the language of those of the east , `` welcome . '' 
 jason spoke up then , introducing himself only as an envoy from the northern kingdom serving heather of the golden hair . 
 the strangers from the east could not help but notice the glow of heather 's hair in the firelight . 
 the one who had been their guest introduced his commanding officer and the second individual with a long beard who was apparently a scholar who traveled with the military . 
 jason wasted little time and again summarized the military status and the desire that heather had for a peace agreement based on trade . 
 they listened for some time as the commander of the forces of the east spoke at length of the military strength they represented . 
 heather understood not the words but could easily sense the attitude of superiority . 
 she poked somewhat violently at the coals and said in her own language , `` enough . '' 
 the sharpness of her voice was enough to silence the commanding officer . 
 jason explained , `` those of the forest work with the spirits of the forest and they care not for your military strength . 
 they seek to preserve life and would use trade as a means of protecting the peace . '' 
 those of the east conferred amongst themselves , and the man with long beard spoke up , asking , `` the legend talks of such a place as your forest and of the warrior who would bring peace , but also speaks of one who is like a child . '' 
 jason needed the help of rheon to fully translate , and before the translation was even completed , betty stepped out of the darkness into the light of the campfire . 
 she but looked at the scholar and could hear his mind . 
 the one with the long beard bowed in her direction and spoke in a chant which neither jason nor rheon could understand . 
 when the chant was completed , those of the east again conferred amongst themselves . 
 this time it was the one who had been their guest who spoke up , saying , `` the legend has come to pass and we will do as you suggest . '' 
 he then continued , `` if the peace agreement is to be based on trade , what do you offer ? '' 
 jason had been preparing for this question and responded , `` those of the forest trade with other lands their sacred water which prevents the stunting of growth of babies . 
 the royal spring which you have sought to conquer has some of the same substance which empowers the sacred water . 
 i would suggest that trade begin using this essential substance as a basis . '' 
 `` what would you trade this sacred water for ? '' 
 jason responded , `` i would trade for knowledge of the world as is known in your lands . 
 i would expect you have much to offer . 
 those of the red would seem most interested in trading for the iron and brass you produce , and have available much timber and grain in addition to their royal spring for trading . '' 
 the commanding officer spoke up , saying , `` i am a warrior not a trader . 
 as a warrior i must protect my honor and the honor of my troops . 
 you 're asking that we risk this honor to bring about peace and trade . 
 how would you suggest this be accomplished ? '' 
 jason thought hard for some time before responding , `` i understand not your system of honor . 
 i would expect that if the primary goal of the invasion was to secure the royal spring for your royal families , then returning with a supply of water from the spring might suffice . '' 
 the commanding officer asked , `` what would we trade for this sacred water ? '' 
 jason said not , but simply looked at the scholar who travels with military . 
 the commanding officer seemed somewhat confused , but the scholar knew immediately jason 's intent . 
 he spoke up , saying , `` you offer me a choice between an honorable death on the battlefield or a chance to share my knowledge with those of the legend . 
 i would choose life and the opportunity to learn more . '' 
 the commanding officer had trouble comprehending what was going on and asked , `` you would trade this sacred water for a simple scholar ? '' 
 jason responded , `` my offer is a peace agreement , which includes those of the red and a single shipment of the sacred water from the royal spring , in exchange for the services of your scholar for as long as he shall live . '' 
 the commanding officer still had a puzzled look on his face , but responded , `` i would agree to these terms , but how do we implement them ? '' 
 jason said , `` we will meet with those of the red on the morrow and order a cease-fire , which will begin on the day following the morrow . 
 negotiations can begin as soon as the cease-fire is implemented , but i would expect language difficulties will make the negotiations somewhat tenuous , for i know not how to write in your language . '' 
 the commanding officer responded , `` my troops will honor the cease-fire beginning at the rising of the sun on the day following the morrow . '' 
 he added , `` the scholar has been learning to read the language of those of the red from captured work . 
 he will assist us . '' 
 as the discussion continued , heather seemed to be drawn ever more into her small campfire and said not . 
 betty had slipped back into the darkness behind heather and had let the spirits of the forest fill her with images from the minds of the scholar and the commanding officer . 
 heather could perceive these images in only a vague form , but it was enough to give her an image of their thoughts . 
 she sensed great conflict in the images betty was projecting of the commanding officer whenever he discussed the scholar who traveled with them . 
 as the discussion was finishing , heather spoke again , saying , `` i would the scholar who travels with you pledge his allegiance and services to my people . '' 
 when her words were translated , the commanding officer 's face flushed ever so slightly and betty could sense anger , which she transmitted to heather . 
 heather but looked straight into the eyes of the commanding officer and ignored his words . 
 his eyes told her that he had planned otherwise and was not yet willing to comply . 
 she spoke again , saying , `` the cease-fire will not begin until i have received his pledge . '' 
 on hearing the translation , the flushing of the commanding officer 's face increased but for once he said not . 
 those from the east conferred amongst themselves , and this time the scholar spoke up , saying , `` i will pledge my allegiance to your people and willingly give you my services , but i wish to maintain my personal devotion to our god . '' 
 heather looked intently into his eyes and also received from betty an image which seemed honest . 
 she replied , `` i accept your services and allegiance for my people . '' 
 she then added , `` we have much planning yet to do . 
 i would meet again on the day following the morrow just after the sunset . 
 one of the forest will again guide you to the meeting place . '' 
 jason exchanged some formal pleasantries with those of the east and they stood to leave , but heather remained seated and just stared into her fire . 
 she moved not until others of the forest reported that those of the east had truly departed , following their guide back to their camp . 
 only then did heather look up at jason and ask , `` do you trust the commitment they have made ? '' 
 jason chewed on his lower lip and said not for some time before replying , `` in their own way they are honorable people , but their sense of honor differs from ours . 
 it seems the commanding officer had other ideas for the scholar and was most unhappy with your request . '' 
 he then added , `` i would expect the scholar to honor his commitment to you , but also fear that if given the opportunity he would return to his own people with as much knowledge of our peoples as he could gather . 
 we may not want those of the east to have that much knowledge of our cities and peoples . '' 
 heather asked , `` your advice ? '' 
 `` it may be best if the scholar returned with you to the forest where the spirits of the forest could watch over him . 
 i would he lived in my kingdom , for there is much that i could learn , but our borders are much too porous . '' 
 heather arose and began kicking dirt on to the campfire as a signal that it was time to depart . 
 she said no more during the long ride back to their camp . 
 dawn was but a few hours away when she finally climbed into the tent to the sound of daniel 's gentle snoring . 
 her mind seemed more at rest and she was able to sleep well for a few hours . 
 she completed the morning ritual with betty and they joined the others for the breaking of the fast . 
 she told those of the forest what had transpired . 
 messengers were then sent out to those of the red . 
 heather spent the day in quiet reflection while daniel continued to work with his alchemy . 
 the young priest was assisting him , for even though he knew nothing of alchemy his memory of the scrolls in the cave of knowledge contained much information . 
 it was early afternoon and heather was again preparing to leave to meet with those of the red . 
 she interrupted daniel and asked , `` have you any information i need to share with those of the red ? '' 
 daniel began a discussion of many different tests he had run on the water from the sacred spring , but heather 's eyes wandered off , for she understood not his alchemy . 
 she finally interrupted him again , asking , `` have you figured out what the yellow crystals are ? '' 
 daniel looked up from the bubbling solution he had been stirring and said , `` i think it is the substance called arsenic . 
 from the scrolls the young priest read , it is a slow poison if taken in excess amounts . 
 it appears someone has been concentrating the water of the royal spring , which may have caused the scarlet king 's illness . '' 
 heather asked , `` if the water contains a poison , should anyone be drinking it ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` the small amounts given to the citizens of the city seems not to affect them , but does supply them with enough iodine to prevent harm to their babies . 
 the amount the scarlet king has been getting may explain his illness . '' 
 heather gave him a quick kiss and left to join the others for the meeting with those of the red . 
 they traveled as before but somewhat faster , with jeremy again going ahead and picking out a meeting place . 
 the complaints from jason were the same as the night before about his dislike of riding a horse . 
 jeremy replied , `` happy to let you run along with us instead of riding . '' 
 jason put his hand on rheon 's shoulder and replied , `` this one runs enough for both of us . 
 some are built for travel , others of us are not . '' 
 the campfire was lit again as those of the forest secured the area and then hid themselves amongst the boulders . 
 one of the forest waited outside the secret gate and guided the commander of the red and the envoy to the campsite . 
 they greeted jason and heather , but heather responded not , other than simply saying , `` we have much to discuss and plan . '' 
 heather still had difficulty understanding those of the red when they spoke rapidly and depended upon jason to translate . 
 jason described their meeting of the evening before and the proposed trade . 
 the commander of the red said little other than , `` those of the east have assumed a purely defensive posture but fight to the death in every battle . 
 it will be quite costly to completely eliminate them and their ships in the harbor . '' 
 the envoy was more circumspect and seemed very interested in the discussion of the pledge of allegiance and service from the scholar . 
 he wondered why the affirmation to devotion of their god was so important . 
 rheon had been in the darkness behind jason ; she spoke up , saying , `` those you refer to as being from the east tolerate no other gods but their own . 
 when they conquered my people you either accepted their god and customs or you were violently and quickly eliminated . '' 
 her speech was as those of the red as she had learned from jason . 
 the envoy and the commander of the red simply stared at this woman of darkness before finally asking , `` where is such a land with people such as yourself ? '' 
 rheon had some difficulty understanding the question and jason spoke for her . 
 `` she is from a land far to the south ; we rescued her from one of the black ships . 
 she knows much of those from the east . '' 
 the discussion then centered on the proposed cease-fire and peace agreement . 
 the notification of all the different military units and acceptance by the scarlet king and his council were the major issues . 
 as the meeting was coming to an end , heather remembered her discussion with daniel about the royal spring . 
 she said , `` our healer says your royal spring contains some of the power of our sacred water , but is also a slow poison which if taken in large amounts will be gradually fatal . 
 the water your scarlet king drinks is highly concentrated and the slow poison may be responsible for his illness . '' 
 the envoy had many questions , but heather had told them all she knew and but reminded them of betty 's warning . 
 she did ask who was responsible for concentrating the water of the royal spring . 
 the envoy replied , `` my cousin accepted the responsibility of making sure the king 's water was pure , but i know not how he concentrated the water . '' 
 as was her custom , heather simply sat by the fire as those of the red prepared to depart . 
 she spoke up , saying , `` i would you check with your scholars and healers about the use of the concentrated water . 
 it would seem that perhaps preparing a concentrated water of the royal spring to your king may not have been accidental . '' 
 the envoy stared at her as the realization set in that someone , possibly his cousin , was purposefully poisoning their king . 
 he said only , `` i will check . '' 
 as those of the red departed so did those of the forest , but not back to their base camp near the sea but rather to a camp along the river about halfway to the battlefield where those of the east were positioned . 
 heather slept the rest of the night by herself , but her dreams were of their small home in the forest and of her son . 
 the breaking of the fast was later than usual , for all needed the rest . 
 the scouts were busy patrolling the area but those in the camp had a day of forced rest . 
 as evening approached , word was brought that the west gate had been opened and a carriage was headed out . 
 heather instructed the scouts to guide the carriage to the proposed meeting site amongst the boulders atop the bank of the river . 
 another of the forest left for their meeting place of two days prior to guide those of the east to the new meeting site . 
 heather and jason took their time in traveling to the meeting place and again built their small campfire . 
 those of the red could be heard coming from a long distance , for their carriage carried much ornament which announced not only the importance of those aboard but also a warning for all to give way . 
 the carriage could not navigate amongst the boulders and those aboard needed to walk the last mile . 
 heather sat at the campfire , apparently at peace , saying not . 
 jason , however , could not sit still and paced continuously as he worried about the negotiations . 
 heather looked up at him and asked , `` does worrying and pacing make peace ? '' 
 jason could not help but smile as he sat down and replied , `` no , but it seems to help my mind concentrate . '' 
 heather responded , `` it may be better to allow the spirits of the forest to guide your mind , but for that to happen your mind needs to be calm . '' 
 she turned towards betty and asked , `` can you calm jason 's mind so that he can concentrate ? '' 
 betty replied , `` i try . '' 
 jason 's agitation seemed to gradually calm as he stared into the small campfire . 
 as his mind calmed , it became able to visualize the steps required to complete the peace agreement ; he spoke no more but simply watched the flames . 
 he knew not if he actually heard the others arriving or if somehow betty had transmitted their presence to his mind . 
 those of the east arrived first and found heather sitting as before . 
 she spoke not but simply used her uplifted hand to invite them to sit at the campfire . 
 they sat quietly for a few moments before the sound of those of the red could be heard arriving . 
 heather invited them to join on her other side of the campfire with a simple hand gesture . 
 jason welcomed them more formally and introduced those present . 
 he was surprised to see the one that those of the forest called the pet bird amongst the delegation of the red . 
 the pet bird had no sooner settled by the campfire than he began to complain about meeting in such a primitive surrounding . 
 a small whiff of smoke from the campfire shifted his way and he began to cough and sputter and complained even more . 
 jason spoke up , saying ; `` this meeting is at the request of heather with the golden hair and is held in the open , for that is the nature of those of the forest who embrace the night . '' 
 the complaining continued despite jason 's explanation , until betty stepped forward and simply looked at the pet bird . 
 the images of the giant trees she projected into his mind immediately stopped the complaining , and she stepped back into the shadows . 
 jason then began the negotiations as he visualized them . 
 there were as expected many points of disagreement between those of the east and those of the red . 
 heather listened for some time to the negotiations despite her inability to fully understand the words being used . 
 it seemed as if the negotiations were grinding to a halt over what she perceived as trivial points of disagreement . 
 looking up from the fire , she said in the tongue of those of the forest , `` i would have peace amongst our people . 
 if you wish not to have peace , speak up now or complete the agreement . '' 
 jason translated her words to both those of the red and those of the east . 
 all were quiet for a moment before the pet bird spoke up , saying , `` why would we make peace with those who have invaded our land ? 
 we should crush them now that we have military advantage . '' 
 he added emphasis by striking his fist into his open hand , which conveyed his meaning to those of the east even though they understood not his words . 
 the envoy spoke up in response , saying , `` with the aid of those of the forest we could do as you say , but at what cost and who is it that will pay the cost by forfeiting their lives ? '' 
 he added , `` without the aid of those of the forest , our city would have fallen and our civilization ended . 
 we need to heed their words . '' 
 when the pet bird again began his tirade , heather had had enough and spoke in the language of the red : `` maybe we should talk of the slow poison that has been fed to the scarlet king by concentrating the water of the royal spring . '' 
 even in the dim light of the campfire she could see the paleness develop in the face of the pet bird . 
 he said not and the envoy spoke up , saying , `` it would seem that our scholars knew of the danger of drinking too much of the royal water , and i would expect my cousin knew this as well . 
 i would not speculate on his motive , but the effect is evident . '' 
 heather responded , `` this is a matter for those of the red , but for now i would continue the negotiations without further interruptions . '' 
 those of the east understood not what was said but witnessed the power that heather had over the attitude of those of the red . 
 the night was growing late and the agreement was not yet completed . 
 jason summarized their understanding and said , `` i will work with the scholar from the east and create an initial document in the language of those of the east and those of the red as well as the language of those of the forest . 
 we will meet again on the morrow after the setting of the sun . 
 one of the forest will again guide you to the meeting spot . '' 
 as those of the east departed , the envoy held back and spoke quietly to heather . 
 `` i bring the gratitude of the scarlet king and our people 's sincerest thanks for your efforts . '' 
 heather asked , `` how will you deal with the slow poison which has been given to your king ? '' 
 the envoy but smiled in the dim light of the campfire and said only , `` my cousin will remain a potent adversary , and those whom he has made enemies of may wish to pursue the issue . 
 i would continue to watch him closely , for he is devious and very power-hungry but yet remains my cousin . '' 
 heather but responded , `` i miss not the political intrigue of palace life . '' 
 with that her attention returned to the campfire as she poked ever so gently at the coals . 
 the envoy understood this message and departed , with those of the red behind the guide of those of the forest . 
 only after the bird calls of those of the forest indicated that the area was safe did heather and jason resume their conversation . 
 heather was much concerned about trying to clarify details in three different languages . 
 jason was doing his best to imitate heather 's attitude at the campfire and said not for some time as he stared into the coals of the fire . 
 he finally explained , `` i would that the primary document be in the language of those of the forest with translations provided and approved by those of the east and those of the red . 
 i agree there can be only one official version of the agreement . '' 
 heather arose and covered the coals with dirt signaling the end of the meeting . 
 when they returned to their campsite , heather settled down enough for sleep and was soon dreaming of her baby and their home in issip . 
 for several more days the pattern was repeated , with jason spending his daytime recording what had been agreed upon the night before . 
 the scholar from the east had joined their camp and assisted in the translation to the language of those of the east . 
 their writing was of a much more complex nature and jason was unable to comprehend its meaning . 
 rheon , who as always stayed at his side , said little but examined each document before it was completed . 
 one day she pointed out a mistake in the translation of those of the east . 
 jason conferred with the scholar from the east , who agreed a mistake had been made . 
 after the correction had been made , rheon again scrutinized the documents . 
 jason asked her , `` how is it that you are able to read in three languages ? '' 
 rheon tried to explain , `` i see in my mind a picture of the writing and somehow know the meaning of the symbols . 
 i know not how to read as you do , word by word , but i am trying to learn . '' 
 jason continued the tedious task of completing the peace treaty and ensuring the accuracy of the translations . 
 on the eighth day of the cease-fire , agreement was finally reached and signatures applied to the documents jason had prepared . 
 direct interaction between those of the east and those of the red now replaced the campfire meetings with those of the forest . 
 those of the forest prepared to disband their camp along the river and return to their camp by the sea . 
 the envoy had prepared a list of supplies to support their scarlet king during the journey and presented this to heather . 
 with jason 's help they reviewed the list . 
 heather requested the addition of a supply of ale , for it had been long since those of the forest had enjoyed a glass . 
 chapter 18 heather attended not most of the meetings , but stayed in camp and depended upon jason to inform her of the events . 
 they moved their camp back to the sea , and despite jason 's dislike for riding horses he commuted daily to the meeting site . 
 the meetings were now held in early afternoon outside the western gate so that the documents could be more easily studied . 
 those of the forest continued their scouting and hunting to provision the ship for their journey home . 
 daniel was making slow progress on his alchemy and was pretty sure that the crystals were indeed the arsenic as spoken of in the ancient scrolls . 
 he had not yet found a way of removing it from the water , and had started trying to extract the iodine from the water , leaving the arsenic behind . 
 heather watched all the activity going on around her in a somewhat detached manner , for she was missing her baby and her home . 
 she told jason , `` it is time for us to leave . 
 i would you complete the negotiations in two days ' time , for we depart on the third day as the sun rises . '' 
 jason tried to explain how negotiations always took time . 
 heather listened to his long explanation but said only , `` we leave on the third day as the sun rises . '' 
 jason accepted her order and was silent for some time as he thought of all the steps yet to be completed . 
 he replied , `` the document will be signed so that we can indeed leave on the third day . '' 
 he then added , `` those of the red wish to have several celebrations for their departing king . 
 they would we attend . '' 
 heather responded , `` i would those of the forest not enter their great city until the peace agreement is truly signed and shown to be valid . '' 
 she then added , `` if they wish , we would attend a small celebration outside the western gate . '' 
 jason thought of all the planning needed for a royal celebration , but responded only , `` if we are to have such a celebration it will need to be on the evening of the morrow . 
 i will inform them of your decision but know not how they will respond . '' 
 heather nodded acceptance of his statement and said only , `` it will be as the god of the sacred water wishes . 
 it is time for us to go home . '' 
 just after the midday meal jason left for his negotiations . 
 as he had expected , those of the red complained that it was not possible to complete the negotiations in such a short time . 
 jason but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` it is as heather of the golden hair has declared . 
 we must complete our work . '' 
 the amount of writing was enormous , and several scrolls were now filled with the terms of the peace and trade agreements amongst all three parties . 
 it was rheon who had the best knowledge of the consistency between the three sets of scrolls , and as always she was at jason 's side watching over the process . 
 they finished the details as darkness fell , and only after those of the east had departed did jason bring up the issue of a celebration . 
 as he had expected , those of the red complained that there was not enough time to set the stage for a celebration , especially one outside the city wall . 
 jason but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` it will be or not as you wish . 
 we depart at sunrise on the morning following the morrow . 
 your king must be ready for travel and at our camp at sunrise if he wishes to travel with us . '' 
 those of the red departed mumbling amongst themselves about the sudden urgency for departure . 
 they knew not how the king would respond nor how the succession would be arranged . 
 they did know that it would be a short night for all of the staff to prepare a celebration of any sort on such short notice . 
 when jason finally returned to the camp , only a few were by the campfire telling stories . 
 he dismounted his horse and thanked those of the forest who had guided him before walking somewhat painfully to the fire . 
 he sat with rheon by the fire , and as others left them to the coals they gradually moved closer together but said not . 
 it was midday before the messenger arrived from the great city informing them of the celebration to be held outside the western gate beginning just before nightfall . 
 they presented jason with a formal invitation and he acknowledged receipt of the scroll , which he carefully unrolled and read . 
 he nodded to the messenger indicating he should wait for a reply , and walked across the camp to where heather was sitting watching daniel work on his alchemy . 
 he read the scroll to heather , who just nodded in acceptance . 
 jason returned and addressed the messenger , saying , `` in the name of heather with the golden hair , i accept your invitation . 
 we will arrive one hour before the setting of the sun . '' 
 he then added , `` those of the forest will be dressed for travel . '' 
 the messenger bowed low to jason and replied , `` i will relay your answer . '' 
 he then added , `` i have been asked to inform you that the celebration will by necessity be very simple and not the normal royal celebration you may expect . '' 
 jason nodded in reply and the messenger turned and left . 
 jason walked back to where daniel was working and heather was sitting quietly . 
 at first he said not , just appreciating the comfort that was evident between daniel and heather . 
 he finally interrupted , saying , `` i have informed the messenger that we will be dressed in traveling clothes , and he stated that the celebration would be simple , at least by their standards . 
 i hope to sign the agreement this afternoon and will await your arrival rather than endure the horse ride . '' 
 heather gave him one of her small smiles and replied , `` i am grateful that the god of the sacred water has given us your skills as a negotiator . 
 for whether you know it or not , you are a great man and all of our peoples owe you much . '' 
 jason knew not how to respond to the complement so he simply walked away with a small wave over his shoulder . 
 heather then interrupted daniel 's work by asking , `` how should i dress for the celebration , for i have little in the way of clothes to wear ? '' 
 daniel looked up from his work and stopped mixing the solution he had been so busy stirring , and replied , `` why can you not dress in your travel clothes , for are we not travelers ? '' 
 heather responded with a long explanation of the need to present herself properly as one of the forest . 
 daniel could but listen , not knowing for sure what she was talking about . 
 betty arrived carrying some cloth , saying , `` princess , you come . 
 we need to make clothes that match your fighting tunic . '' 
 heather followed betty , leaving daniel to his work . 
 she found edna working on hers and betty 's garments . 
 they were adding small touches of bright cloth to their travel garments . 
 betty had heather stand in the center , and a small amount of cloth was held up next to the fighting tunic . 
 it seemed everyone liked the blue color the best . 
 work began immediately , fashioning a blouse to be worn under the tunic , which enhanced heather 's femininity and yet was definitely of the forest . 
 the work continued until midafternoon , and then it was time to depart . 
 jeremy had already scouted ahead and secured the area , having posted multiple sentries . 
 before leaving , betty inspected heather one last time and insisted that heather wear her grandmother 's clasp on the outside of her tunic . 
 betty said , `` you beautiful . 
 you let the clasp show so eyes sparkle . '' 
 they needed to wait while daniel finished yet another test with his alchemy . 
 he had changed not his clothes and heather mentioned it not . 
 she knew that when he was working he worried not about his appearance . 
 heather walked yet with a limp but was more able to climb aboard the great white horse . 
 those of the forest helped betty mount behind her and the troop set off in high spirits . 
 the bird calls of the late afternoon were a sure sign that those of the forest were scouting far ahead . 
 daniel walked beside heather but remained somewhat distant in conversation , for his mind was yet on the alchemy problem . 
 heather understood little of what he said , but it was apparent that he had not succeeded in removing the slow poison from the royal spring . 
 she finally spoke up , saying , `` i would you leave the problem of your arsenic to a later time . 
 tonight we celebrate and at sunrise we leave to see again our son . 
 let the god of the sacred water do as he will with the other problems . '' 
 daniel looked up at his bride astride the great white horse and could but smile . 
 their conversation now turned to their son and how he must 've grown while they were away . 
 daniel wondered aloud if he had begun crawling or maybe even walking while they had been gone . 
 heather tried to picture her baby walking but the image seemed not right , for he could not have changed so much in the six weeks they had been gone . 
 when they arrived outside the western gate they found a great tent set up with tables and multiple fire pits , all of which seemed to be cooking something different . 
 the royal party of those of the red could be seen approaching from the gate , but those of the east were not yet visible . 
 scouts reported that they were on their way . 
 those of the red numbered about the same as those of the forest , but were all dignitaries dressed in their version of travel clothes . 
 in the center of the group rode the scarlet king in a small travel carriage surrounded by only a few guards . 
 at the rear of the troop , dressed in simple clothes and his floppy hat , was the ancient seer . 
 when the others were seated he but stood to the side and watched everything . 
 when the troop from the east arrived they too were seated by those serving , and only then did those of the forest take to the table . 
 a welcoming proclamation was read by an official of the king . 
 jason and the scholar from the east worked together to translate it to the others . 
 a single cup of wine was served to all and then the signing ceremony was begun . 
 the commander of the army from the east signed the scroll of those of the forest and initialed the other two scrolls . 
 the scarlet king with a somewhat shaky hand did likewise . 
 heather had wanted jason to be the signer for their peoples but he had insisted that heather be the one to sign . 
 she now stepped forward and did as the other two had done , signing the scroll written in the language of those of the forest and initialing the other two . 
 she set the quill down and looked up first at the scarlet king and then at the commander of those of the east , saying , `` let war be replaced with trade . '' 
 a general applause erupted from those of the forest and all others who stood and either stomped their feet or clapped in appreciation of her simple statement . 
 heather seemed not to fully recognize the response she had received , and simply nodded to those assembled before returning to daniel . 
 when things had settled down and the scarlet king had officially begun the feast , she turned to daniel and said , `` i now understand why you never wanted to be at the front of a feast . 
 it is far more comfortable to watch at the back . '' 
 daniel but smiled at his bride and took another sip of the wine . 
 at heather 's request , ale was also made available to those of the forest . 
 the others at the feast noticed not the coming and going of the scouts of the forest , who rotated from the feast to their scouting positions . 
 daniel found the food to be tasty but full of spices he recognized not . 
 he asked jason about the flavors . 
 jason responded , `` i have read of these ancient flavors but know not how they are derived . 
 i do believe we have found another trade item . '' 
 as the evening wore on toasts were made and much food and drink was consumed . 
 heather and those of the forest seemed to participate fully , but she had instructed those of the forest to but sample their drinks and to be aware at all times of danger . 
 as stories of ancient times were begun , she looked up to find the seer , who accompanied those of the red , looking at her . 
 she was slightly embarrassed by his attention ; he bowed low before her and pointed at the clasp she wore on her fighting tunic . 
 he spoke not but turned and walked directly to the head of the table where the scarlet king was seated . 
 the guards standing to either side of the king initially tried to block his approach but he just waved them off and whispered in the king 's ear . 
 the king looked up at heather , and then with assistance arose and walked to where she was seated . 
 he too stared at the clasp heather wore before asking , `` how did you come to wear the royal clasp ? '' 
 as jason translated the scarlet king 's question , it was obvious that heather was embarrassed . 
 she responded , `` it was a gift from my grandmother . 
 i know not its origin . '' 
 the king removed the heavy chain from his neck , and despite his stiffness and the numbness of his fingers , found after searching a short time a jeweled charm . 
 he held it up for heather to see . 
 she said not , for he held an identical if somewhat more masculine amulet . 
 the scarlet king took a step back and with great solemnity bowed ever so slightly to heather . 
 the voice of the one they called the pet bird could be heard asking what was going on . 
 at first no one responded , but the realization soon soaked in that their scarlet king had bowed to the one with golden hair . 
 the king finally turned and addressed those assembled , saying simply , `` it is as the legend has foretold . 
 our queen from ancient times has returned . '' 
 heather knew not how to respond as all of the red now bowed low to her . 
 heather protested , `` i am but a simple warrior sent by my grandmother from her grave . 
 i am of the forest , not of your people . '' 
 the seer spoke up in a language that was foreign but yet familiar , and by listening hard heather could comprehend his meaning . 
 she turned to jason and asked , `` what am i to do ? '' 
 jason responded , `` you must acknowledge their recognition of your clasp and somehow allow them to resume their position . '' 
 heather arose and touching the clasp on her tunic , said , `` i know not the reason or the ways of the god of the sacred water . 
 it is as it is and i wish all to rise . '' 
 those of the red arose and resumed their prior seating . 
 the one called the pet bird was still whining and demanding to be informed as to what was going on . 
 with help , the scarlet king returned to his position at table and said , `` i have been given the gift of seeing the fulfillment of the ancient legend and can now leave the throne to seek the peace of the great trees in the land of the forest . 
 as i leave i wish to appoint don the great as the permanent head of our security forces and of the palace guard . 
 we owe him a debt , for twice he has rescued us and yet seeks not the power of the palace . '' 
 he was silent for a moment before continuing in a much quieter voice , `` i would choose my nephew to take my seat on the throne for he is the lawful choice . '' 
 the one called by those of the forest the pet bird rose and bowed to his king and to those around him , strutting like a courting rooster . 
 the king interrupted the show by again speaking . 
 `` if my nephew chooses to accept the position of the throne , i deem that he be required to consume the slow poison that he has been feeding me . '' 
 an audible gasp went up from the crowd . 
 the strutting pet bird suddenly looked ashen and sat down quickly . 
 the scarlet king looked not at his nephew , but continued speaking . 
 `` if my nephew decides not to accept the position of the throne , then it would be the choice of the royal counselors to choose my successor . '' 
 the scarlet king waited for silence to return and turned towards heather , saying , `` if the one with the golden hair wishes to stay amongst us , we need to acknowledge her as the proper heir to the royal line of our people . '' 
 heather stood and acknowledged the scarlet king before simply saying , `` i am of the forest and would return to the forest . 
 i would that peace continue between our peoples and the trade allow all to prosper . '' 
 the celebration continued but with much more whispering amongst those of the red . 
 the one called the pet bird no longer was demanding attention and seemed to almost disappear . 
 those of the forest would 've preferred more singing and telling of stories , but the mood had changed and they mostly visited amongst themselves . 
 the scholar from the east bowed before heather and asked if he could inspect the clasp she wore . 
 heather but nodded and handed him the clasp . 
 the scholar used a small stick with markings and compared the angles and distances between the individual jewels , working on a small pad the distances and pattern . 
 he carefully handed the clasp back to heather and again bowed , asking , `` may i discuss this with the commander of the forces of the east ? '' 
 heather asked , `` why would you discuss this ? '' 
 jason , who had been intently watching , spoke up , saying , `` i would expect that there is an association between your clasp and the civilization of those of the east . '' 
 the scholar looked at jason and but nodded . 
 heather agreed that he was free to discuss it with the commander of the forces of the east and the scholar quickly departed . 
 within a few minutes he had returned , accompanied by the commander of the forces of the east . 
 the commander now bowed before heather and spoke , saying , `` our people also have a legend of your arrival . 
 the clasp you wear contains the symbol of our royal family . '' 
 heather turned to jason and asked , `` do you understand what this means ? '' 
 jason thought for moment before replying . 
 `` it would seem that not only are we directly connected to those of the red but also to those of the east . 
 at one time we were one people but i know not how we have become so separated . 
 it is a mystery i would solve , but it would entail a great exploration . '' 
 the evening had worn on and there was yet much to prepare for their departure . 
 the scrolls were divided , with each taking the scroll of their language . 
 a formal departure was not the way of the forest . 
 heather simply stood and announced , `` we of the forest leave at first light and will work to establish regular communication and trade . 
 we wish all to live in peace and prosper with trade . '' 
 then those of the forest seemed to just melt away into the darkness . 
 those of the east made a much more formal departure , leaving those of the red within the circle of light outside the west gate . 
 the scarlet king had grown very weary but yet felt a happiness he had not known for a long time . 
 he was taken to his quarters for some rest , for in but a few hours he would leave his homeland forever to spend his last days amongst the great trees of the forest . 
 the one those of the forest called the pet bird had said nothing since the king 's revelation of the slow poison . 
 his desire for the throne was so overwhelming that he seriously considered accepting the throne knowing his life would be much shortened . 
 it was the king 's pronouncement that don the great would assume control of the palace guard in addition to the military that caused him the most concern . 
 without the power of the palace guard he could be but a feeble king and his bastard cousin would control the real power . 
 maybe it would be better for him to continue to work in the background , constantly undermining his cousin 's authority . 
 he finally said to himself , `` i will decide only after my uncle has left for that cursed place they call the forest . 
 i may yet find a way to gain the throne and dispatch my cousin . '' 
 the night had indeed been short when the first light of the morning began to show , and the lookout called out that their ship was entering the cove . 
 heather completed the morning ritual and met with the others for the breaking of the fast . 
 most of their supplies had already been loaded aboard the ship and their camp was quickly dismantled . 
 the boats had been lowered from the ship and those of the forest were gradually carried aboard . 
 daniel was finishing his alchemy and writing instructions for the use of the royal water . 
 he had determined that a small glass three times a week would be sufficient to prevent the iodine deficiency and limit the damage of the slow poison contained in the water of the royal spring . 
 most of those of the forest had already returned to the ship when a small caravan arrived from the great city transporting the scarlet king . 
 he was obviously excited for the journey , but yet needed help to enter the boat for transfer to the ship . 
 his personal physician aided the transfer and then spoke to heather . 
 `` would it be possible for me to travel with the scarlet king ? '' 
 heather was surprised not that those of the red would want to continue to care for their king . 
 she replied , `` you may travel with us , but it is a long and perilous journey from which you may not return . '' 
 the physician replied , `` i have dedicated my life to serving my king and i wish to continue for however long he remains with us . 
 when he is gone my duty in life will have been completed . '' 
 don the great had led the group and stood before heather , bowing his head before saying , `` the power of the legend has been fulfilled , and i along with all my people owe you and the others of the forest a great debt . 
 i doubt that we will ever be able to repay the debt , but i pledge my service to you and the others of the forest . '' 
 heather said not but simply gave him one of her small smiles and reached out her hand in friendship . 
 the envoy gently took her hand and , bowing on one knee , gently kissed it and said , `` to our queen of the legend i wish a long and healthy life , and to her people , may they prosper in peace . '' 
 heather responded with a similar wish for the envoy and reminded him , `` those of the forest have offered you refuge when your time has come . '' 
 as the envoy climbed aboard the carriage for the return to the great city , daniel came running up with his latest test results , saying , `` one small glass of the water from the royal spring no more than three times per week . '' 
 he handed the envoy a copy of his work , which jason had translated into the language of the red . 
 the envoy accepted the scroll and nodded his head in appreciation but knew not what to say . 
 as the carriage was pulling away the envoy turned in his seat and said , `` may the god of the sacred water bless your work which you have so freely shared . 
 my wish is that you and your family may now live in peace . '' 
 heather and daniel were the last aboard their ship ; they had stood on the shore hand in hand waiting for the ship 's boat . 
 their talk now was mostly about their baby and the joy of holding him again . 
 daniel spoke of his concern for the health of those of issip , for they had been gone some time . 
 heather replied , `` those of the forest help each other , and i am sure another of the healers has helped those of our village . 
 let us leave that worry to the god of the sacred water and enjoy the anticipation of seeing our baby again . '' 
 daniel squeezed her hand as they watched the boat pull ashore . 
 the sailors helped them aboard and soon they were again on the deck of their ship . 
 captain cook gave the orders , and the anchor was raised as the sails came up and began to fill with the gentle breeze . 
 as they sailed out of the protected cove and into the open sea , the scarlet king 's physician kept urging him to go below and avoid the ocean air . 
 the scarlet king refused , saying , `` i am now free and would experience as much as i can with the little time i have left . '' 
 even as the pitching of the ship increased as they turned towards the great cape , the scarlet king remained topside . 
 fatigue finally overcame his desire to experience the freedom of the sea , and he followed with difficulty his physician below . 
 captain cook had created an additional small cabin for the scarlet king , which he now shared with his physician . 
 it was the smallest bed the king had slept on since his early childhood , but he cared not for he had made his decision and the loss of the royal privilege seemed but a small price to pay . 
 they traveled well with only moderate seas until they came to the great cape . 
 as the seas became more disorganized , those of the forest again suffered the sickness of the sea . 
 heather , jason , and captain cook shared the duties of the helm , and whenever jason was at the helm , there too was the scarlet king . 
 they spent many hours at first just discussing the principles of navigation , but then matters of life in general , especially the politics of court . 
 jason explained , `` when in the palace i was king , but felt more the prisoner for the demands made of me . 
 when at sea i can breathe fully and feel the freedom that others enjoy . '' 
 when the scarlet king asked what jason would do if he could choose to do anything , jason responded , `` i would set sail and seek the land that gave rise to our peoples . 
 i would then continue the trip , exploring eastward until i again returned to my homeland . '' 
 the scarlet king was quiet for some time before responding , `` i would share your dream , but fear that my time in this existence is very short . 
 i will be satisfied to be amongst the great trees which have brought me such comfort . '' 
 he then asked , `` you are confident that as you sailed east you would not eventually fall off the end of the earth ? '' 
 jason responded not at first and just stared ahead , adjusting the helm as needed . 
 he finally replied , `` i would have the mathematicians check my work , but by my calculations the world is round and everything connected by the great oceans . 
 until one accomplishes the journey of exploration we will not know for sure . '' 
 the scarlet king responded not , but rheon spoke up , saying , `` my people speak of strangers who have come both from the north and west but also from the east . 
 trade was limited , for they had traveled such a great distance . '' 
 she added , `` the strangers from the east were not so pale as you . '' 
 when jason asked of the language of the strangers , rheon but shrugged her shoulders , saying , `` it was before my time , but the stories remember . '' 
 chapter 19 as they rounded the great cape , heather and daniel sat topside and said little , but simply watched the rolling sea and enjoyed the presence of the other . 
 when the seas began to settle heather spoke , saying , `` only one more day until we see our son . '' 
 daniel said not but simply squeezed her hand . 
 the evening air finally forced them below . 
 those of the forest had already begun the evening meal , which needed to be served in small groups , for their space was small . 
 it was difficult to tell stories , for people were always coming and going nor was there a campfire to gather around . 
 jeremy did his best recounting tales of their previous adventures , but without the ale the full impact was not present . 
 as evening became evident , larby and captain cook worked together to determine the tides . 
 but no matter how hard they tried they could not figure a way to arrive at high tide . 
 captain cook finally announced , `` we will spend another night offshore and plan on crossing the harbor entrance at midmorning with a high tide . '' 
 heather and daniel accepted the news because they had no other choice . 
 seeing their baby would have to wait another day . 
 heather was so filled with anticipation that she had trouble participating in the evening meal , and after a short period looking at the moon , she and daniel retired to their small cabin for time together . 
 with the rising of the sun , captain cook again took control of the helm and had the sails adjusted to take the ship out of irons . 
 as the ship gained speed , heather 's anticipation also increased to the point that she had trouble visiting with others . 
 she could smell in her mind their baby and her fingers could feel the softness of his skin . 
 they traveled ever so slowly towards the harbor entrance , and had no sooner entered the harbor than it was evident that something was seriously wrong . 
 washed up against the rocks was one of the black ships . 
 captain cook had the alarm called out and the cannons prepared . 
 they sailed into the harbor entrance and saw another of the black ships smashed against the rocks , and a third sunken with only its mast protruding above the water . 
 heather stared anxiously at the cliffs looking for signs of life , but there were none . 
 the small building those of the red had occupied had been destroyed and no one was manning the lookout . 
 jeremy climbed the mast and called down , `` the harbor catapult has been burned . '' 
 daniel 's heart was racing and all he could do was hold tightly to heather , who was trembling with fear and whose face was fixed with an expression of disbelief . 
 at first there were no tears , but then she finally spoke : `` what has become of our baby ? '' 
 the tears began to flow with a vengeance . 
 daniel simply let her cry , for he knew not how to console her . 
 holding her tightly brought some solace to both of them . 
 betty came up from below chewing on some hard bread and said , `` babies okay . 
 you need not cry . '' 
 heather through her tears asked , `` where is my baby ? '' 
 betty but shrugged her shoulders and pointed out to sea . 
 heather asked , `` you think our babies are out in the ocean somewhere ? '' 
 betty continued chewing on the hard bread and replied , `` they coming back but not yet . '' 
 heather knew there would be no use to further question betty , for she had given them all that she knew . 
 how she knew things was a mystery , but there was no doubt of her ability . 
 heather worked to control her tears , and after her composure was regained she joined with jason and captain cook . 
 captain cook trusted not their situation and wished to return to the safety of the sea , but jason wished to explore for signs of survivors and clues of what went on . 
 heather listened for some time to the discussion before saying , `` betty says larby 's people are coming back with our babies . '' 
 jason wanted to know where they had gone to , but heather knew not . 
 the discussion continued but for a short time before heather announced , `` we of the forest will go ashore , for if an attack occurs we can flee to the high ground . 
 the rest should stay aboard and flee to the safety of the sea . 
 the signaling mirrors will keep us connected . '' 
 both jason and captain cook nodded in agreement and captain cook positioned the ship for the lowering of the boats . 
 as soon as those of the forest had been ferried ashore , the ship sails were again raised and captain cook rode the outgoing tide to the safety of the open sea . 
 those of the forest began setting up a small camp and scouting the area for signs of danger . 
 heather asked jeremy to scout an escape route if needed , and he and edna were soon off exploring . 
 only after the initial reports came back without signs of danger did heather allow the exploration of the homes of larby 's people . 
 the cooking pots were in place and clothing still remained . 
 it was obvious they had left in a hurry , and heather assumed it was the arrival of the black ships . 
 there was no sign of conflict in the caves themselves . 
 as they moved along the shore to the small building those of the red had built , there were signs of conflict , with impacts from the ships ' catapults visible along the beach . 
 the small stone building had been pretty much demolished . 
 daniel spoke up , saying , `` the black ships seemed to have won the battle but not without great losses . '' 
 one of the forest was searching through the rubble and came across an opening into a small room that had survived . 
 the light was poor and they could see not into the interior . 
 a simple torch was made and daniel peered into the small room , which appeared to be a simple storage room with small crates of supplies . 
 as daniel maneuvered the torch , the smoke irritated his eyes and at first he was not sure of what he had seen . 
 he blinked hard several times before he was sure that what he saw propped up against the crates was truly a skeleton . 
 there was no stench , so it had been many weeks since the person had died . 
 daniel withdrew , and the ashen color of his face told heather that something was wrong . 
 when questioned , he said only , `` one has died in their storage room leaving behind only a skeleton . '' 
 there were many questions , but daniel said only , `` i need a better torch . '' 
 heather and the others rested while a better torch was made and finally lit . 
 daniel took the lighted torch , and this time dropped down feet first into the small room . 
 now without the smoke in his face he could definitely detect the musty odor . 
 he looked closer at the skeleton , which was covered in some rags that seemed to be caked with dried blood . 
 he examined the skull but there was no evidence of fracture . 
 the bones were still partially connected by their ligaments , but the rodents had scattered them somewhat . 
 daniel forced himself to ignore the skeleton and examined more closely the contents of the room . 
 most of the crates were empty , but on top of one was a scroll with columns of writing , which seemed to be an inventory . 
 at the bottom in a very uneven hand was other writing . 
 the torch was burning low , and daniel carefully rolled the scroll before climbing up out of the storeroom . 
 he took several deep breaths before responding to the many questions . 
 he said , `` someone survived the attack for long enough to write on the scroll but died of his injuries . 
 i know not if he was of the red or from the east but appears not as larby 's people . '' 
 when asked of the meaning and other writing on the scroll , daniel but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` the writing is poor and i am not even certain of the language . 
 hopefully jason and rheon can work with the scholar from those of the east and interpret it for us . '' 
 he then added , `` i would have help in burying the dead . '' 
 as those of the forest began digging a grave , daniel again entered the storage room , taking with him a large cloth cape that was freed from the debris . 
 he diligently re-created the skeleton , replacing the scattered bones in the proper anatomical position . 
 he closed up the cloth cape and secured it with light rope . 
 he then passed the wrapped skeleton through the opening to those above who ever so gingerly pulled it up . 
 when the grave was completed , daniel took responsibility for lowering the dead into the ground . 
 a prayer to the god of the sacred water was offered as the grave was filled with dirt . 
 heather watched from the edge of the water , alternating her attention between the burial and the flashing of light from the mirrors that the lookout was using to summon back captain cook . 
 she knew not if there would be enough daylight for the ship to return , for the high tide would be just after sunset . 
 the scouts had found no other evidence of life , but much evidence of the battle which had been mostly fought with the engines of war . 
 it appeared to her that initially the catapult of those of the red controlled the battle , but then something happened to the catapult and the smaller engines of war aboard the ships finally won out . 
 the real mystery was what happened to larby 's people and her baby . 
 those of the forest had already lit their campfire and the sun had descended to the very edge of the ocean when the lookout called out , `` ship approaching . '' 
 heather debated putting out the fire , but decided that the smoke would be as much a telltale as the fire if the ship was not theirs . 
 a few tense moments passed before the lookout made positive identification , calling out , `` i see larby in the bow . '' 
 with the ship safely in the harbor , those of the forest continued their preparation for the evening meal , and more importantly for the telling of stories . 
 captain cook would not leave his ship and come ashore even though he knew that traversing the narrows into the harbor was all but impossible at night . 
 jason and rheon came ashore and along with them was the scholar from the east . 
 they joined those of the forest for a simple meal of travel rations . 
 not until everyone had finished eating did heather bring up the subject of the scroll that daniel had found . 
 jason was much intrigued , but when he examined the writing , said , `` the first portion is an inventory list but the second portion is written in a different language . '' 
 rheon and the scholar were looking over his shoulder but said not until jason looked up asking their opinion . 
 rheon spoke first , saying , '' the symbols are much like the symbols of those of the east but seem more primitive . 
 it seems to be talking about the battle . '' 
 the scholar but nodded his head until jason specifically asked the meaning of the writing . 
 the scholar first asked if he could hold the scroll ; he turned it so the light was more effective . 
 he said , `` it is written in the old style of my people from the east and i can not fully understand it . 
 it has been many years since the old style was used and only a few poorly educated people use it now . '' 
 he continued his study and slowly translated for the others the story of the battle and how the writer had survived the sinking of their ship . 
 the ship had struck a rock and the wind had blown them against the rocky cliff . 
 he had been thrown from his lookout post onto the shore and was knocked unconscious . 
 by the time he awoke the battle had moved on and he could find no other survivors of their ship . 
 he kept moving towards the battle in the harbor but the going was very slow , for his breathing was hard and the shoreline very rocky . 
 he watched as the catapult on the high ground succeeded in sinking two more of their ships before they finally succeeded in destroying it . 
 landing parties prepared for battle but found only a few of the red guarding their building . 
 he had moved as quickly as possible , but the landing parties had already departed before he finally arrived at the site of the battle . 
 the ships sailed off with the tide , leaving him stranded . 
 the scholar struggled but was no longer able to make sense of the remaining scroll , for the handwriting had deteriorated markedly . 
 heather spoke up , asking , `` does it speak at all of the people of the caves ? '' 
 the scholar squinted as he strained in the light of the fire to make sense of the remaining writing . 
 after more study he but shrugged his shoulders , saying , `` there is no other mention of any peoples that i can decipher . '' 
 heather persisted , asking , `` there is no mention of the fishing boats used by the people of the caves ? '' 
 the scholar spoke not but simply shook his head in the negative . 
 heather was quiet for but a moment before she looked up at betty and said , `` the people of larby 's left before those of the east arrived . 
 how did they know ? '' 
 betty just shrugged her shoulders and replied , `` i saw black ships . '' 
 heather asked , `` where did they go ? '' 
 betty kept chewing on a piece of dried meat , and replied , `` they followed larby . '' 
 the others around the campfire just watched the exchange , not fully understanding what was going on . 
 heather asked , `` they escaped to the island of the shipwreck ? '' 
 betty just nodded her head and then added , `` almost home now . 
 babies fine . '' 
 heather was quiet for some time before she spoke up and explained to the others , `` betty foresaw the ships of the east and somehow warned larby 's people , who fled to the island of the shipwreck . 
 they are apparently on their way back here , but there is more that i sense . '' 
 jason had many questions but heather had few answers , and soon jeremy was again entertaining them with his stories . 
 when daniel and heather left for the privacy of their tent , daniel asked , `` what is it that you sense ? '' 
 heather squeezed his hand and replied , `` there is some change in larby 's people but i can not yet determine what it is . '' 
 she then added , `` for tonight we are together and what the morrow brings we will leave to the god of the sacred water . '' 
 the next two days were relatively quiet , for the barren lands held little for the hunters of the forest to harvest . 
 the sea was rich , but they knew not how to harvest the bounty ; only larby was successful in providing them fresh fish . 
 it was at high tide that the lookout signaled that a ship was approaching . 
 captain cook aboard their ship prepared quickly for a possible battle , readying the cannons and pulling anchor . 
 those of the forest prepared their bows , and the others began climbing the trail preparing for a possible escape into the wilderness . 
 betty was obviously calm but said not , and heather could sense no danger . 
 she felt her breast swell ever so slightly and a smile formed on her face , for she felt that her baby was most certainly near . 
 she and daniel stayed with the hunters of the forest and watched as the ship sailed into the harbor accompanied by dozens of large canoes and fishing boats . 
 the flotilla seemed to fill the harbor and heather 's anticipation increased even more . 
 as the fishing boats and canoes came ashore those of the forest helped with the landings . 
 the ship looked much like their ship except the sails were but small patches of cloth and it seemed to have no mainmast . 
 they could see those on board lowering a large rock that acted as their anchor . 
 as larby 's people came ashore they talked with great excitement , but heather could understand little of what was said and it was larby who translated for them . 
 it seems that when they had heard betty 's warning they simply fled to their canoes and boats , fleeing out of the harbor with the outgoing tide . 
 it was at low tide when the enemy ships appeared on the horizon and tried to enter the harbor . 
 larby 's people avoided the black ships and continued on the way that larby had taken being guided by the listener 's memory of larby 's journey . 
 they landed on the island of the shipwreck and established a temporary base . 
 soon they were examining the ship and figured a way of patching it and re-floating it . 
 the discussion ended when larby 's mother came ashore with betty 's young son and heather 's baby . 
 both heather and betty rushed forward to greet their offspring . 
 larby 's mother just watched with a smile on her face as betty 's young son ran to his mother and jumped into her arms . 
 betty covered him with kisses , telling him how much he had grown . 
 she bothered not to wipe her tears . 
 heather reached out and took her baby from larby 's mother and said not , but the look on her face was of such happiness that only another mother could fully understand . 
 the smile on larby 's mother 's face seemed to grow as she watched the reunion of mother and child . 
 heather held her son close to her chest and nuzzled him and allowed his scent to permeate into her very being . 
 images of the fresh born baby flooded into her mind and she seemed detached from all around her . 
 the baby geoffrey recognized his mother also and began rooting at her breast . 
 heather could not help but enjoy the sensation , but told her son , `` i am sorry but there is no milk anymore . '' 
 larby 's mother said in her language , `` let him suckle -- you may yet be able to make milk . '' 
 heather could understand little of larby 's mother 's words but yet understood what she had meant . 
 she turned towards daniel and asked , `` can i still feed my baby ? '' 
 daniel replied , `` it is possible , for wet nurses are known for this ability . '' 
 heather 's tears of joy flowed ever more freely as she retreated to their tent with her baby . 
 both heather and her baby responded well initially to the attempt at feeding , but the baby became frustrated when no milk was available . 
 larby 's mother soon appeared with a bowl of warm soup and handed it to heather , motioning with her hands to drink it . 
 heather did as she was told while larby 's mother held the baby . 
 the soup was salty and had just a hint of fish flavor to it . 
 when she had finished the soup , larby 's mother handed the baby back . 
 heather concentrated on being calm as baby geoffrey again searched for the milk he remembered . 
 heather felt a small letdown of milk , and her baby seemed to relax as he again tasted his mother 's milk . 
 larby 's mother watched while speaking not . 
 it was obvious the baby had gotten some milk , and she but nodded her head before turning and leaving mother and baby alone . 
 there was joy in everyone at the reunion , and only those envoys from the northern kingdom had complaints . 
 they were filling jason 's ears with their trials and tribulations and how they needed to leave immediately for their homeland . 
 jason listened to this litany for some time before rising and saying , `` these people saved your lives and yet you have no respect for them or their abilities . 
 have you learned not that others may be different but yet have a special role that is essential for the balance in the world of the sacred water ? '' 
 he then added , `` we will depart for our homelands soon enough , but first we must give thanks to these people for what they have done . 
 i would you think of the debt you owe these people who have rescued you twice . '' 
 jason had spoken with such authority that the envoys from the north replied not and kept their complaining to a minimum . 
 when larby 's people had stored again their meager possessions , they prepared for the evening meal . 
 it was a simple meal combining the travel rations of larby 's people and those of the forest . 
 the tide was low and they made their campfire on the beach . 
 before eating , thanks were given to the god of the sea and to the god of the sacred water in the custom of both peoples . 
 the food was shared amongst all with each trying the food of the other people . 
 as the simple meal was finished stories were begun , with larby and the young priest working hard to translate . 
 the evening wore on and heather whispered to daniel that it was time to try to feed the baby again . 
 they departed for their tent , leaving the others to continue the stories . 
 as the sun rose so did baby geoffrey , demanding to be fed . 
 his crying seemed to stimulate the milk within heather and her breasts swelled more noticeably . 
 baby geoffrey suckled forcibly enough that it cost heather some pain and her breasts were all too soon empty . 
 she began chewing small pieces of meat and feeding it to the baby on her finger . 
 daniel was content to lie there and simply watch his bride and their baby . 
 when the baby was finally satisfied heather handed him to daniel and completed the morning ritual . 
 the three of them joined the others for the breaking of the fast . 
 the envoys from the northern kingdom were speaking again about departing soon for their homeland . 
 heather simply ignored them and asked those assembled what sort of celebration they would have that evening . 
 betty spoke up , saying , `` a wedding feast . '' 
 daniel was very puzzled by the statement and asked who was getting married . 
 heather understood in her heart what betty 's words meant but said not . 
 larby finally spoke up , saying , `` betty and i would marry . '' 
 he then looked at heather , and with a pleading look on his face asked , `` with your permission . '' 
 heather smiled her little smile and replied , `` i have not the power to grant you permission , for it is as the god of the sacred water has willed it . 
 i would add my blessing to your wedding . '' 
 betty then spoke up , saying to jason , `` you marry rheon . 
 she smart and pretty . '' 
 jason was obviously quite startled by betty 's pronouncement and just looked down at the ground for what seemed a long time . 
 he finally looked up at rheon and said , `` betty speaks the truth and i would have you for my wife if you are willing . '' 
 rheon seemed almost aglow with the radiance of her black skin sparkling as she replied simply , `` i would . '' 
 a cheer went up from all assembled , which brought even more people to the fire and discussion in both languages intermingled . 
 everything seemed quite confused on the surface but a general plan was forming quickly . 
 the decision was made to combine the weddings and celebrate them with the customs of both peoples . 
 edna and heather worked with larby 's mother and the other women to fashion wedding garments for betty and rheon . 
 fishmen went out to obtain fresh food for the evening celebration . 
 jeremy went on a search for ale but the small supply they had aboard the ship was clearly inadequate . 
 he then began to explore the storage room , for he had seen an empty cask at the edge of the building and suspected that further supplies might be hidden . 
 using a torch he climbed down into the storage cellar and began moving crates and boxes . 
 many were empty but a few were filled with cloth and other items . 
 as he moved the boxes he finally saw what he was seeking : against the back wall were two casks . 
 with some anxiety he tilted them and was more than a little surprised to find them full . 
 he maneuvered the casks to the small opening and then climbed out , seeking help to lift them through the small opening . 
 others of the forest were more than happy to assist him . 
 those of the forest were somewhat frustrated , for they were unable to make their normal drums because of the lack of trees . 
 they approached larby and asked if he knew of any other material which might work as a drum . 
 larby replied , `` on the outside shore there are frequently small broken logs washed up on the beach . '' 
 he then added , `` the tide is wrong and you must wait till the afternoon tide . '' 
 those of the forest asked , `` can we not just walk to this beach ? '' 
 larby thought of the rapid pace those of the forest had and but nodded his head . 
 he then instructed them to just follow the left-hand shore of the harbor until they came to the beach . 
 several of the forest set off immediately at a rapid pace , climbing to the high ground for the easier travel it provided . 
 it was late afternoon when they returned carrying a large load of firewood and , more importantly , several hollow sections of logs for their drums . 
 stones and sand had been used to create a raised platform for the wedding celebration , and just in front of the platform those of the forest created a campfire pit . 
 they carefully arranged their log drums in a circle back away from the fire pit . 
 seats of honor were created for the elders of larby 's people and for the wedding couples . 
 the envoys from the northern kingdom participated not but grumbled amongst themselves . 
 heather overheard them speaking against jason and his acceptance of a bride not of the royal blood and from a strange land . 
 heather 's temper flared , and without thinking she drew her sword and turned to face the envoys of her native land . 
 she spoke sharply , saying , `` if you wish to challenge the freedom that the king of the southern kingdom has in choosing his own bride , i wish you to do it now . '' 
 the envoys looked at each other and at the sword in heather 's hand before the senior envoy , swallowing hard , said , `` princess , we meant no harm and were but discussing the cultural differences . '' 
 heather shook her head and slowly returned her sword , as she said , `` despite your experiences you still have not learned of the great value that diversity brings . 
 if our peoples are to prosper we must accept and honor the different customs of other peoples . '' 
 she then turned and walked away , for she heard baby geoffrey in the distance demanding to be fed . 
 evening was approaching and the celebration began . 
 the people gathered in front of the platform , leaving a walkway that extended to the water 's edge . 
 one of larby 's people then began to blow into the shell of a sea creature , which started as a soft sound but continued to build until it resonated from the entire harbor . 
 he continued to blow until two canoes appeared , and those of larby 's people walked into the water to guide the ceremonial canoes to the shore . 
 inside the canoes were the wedding couples . 
 the dragging of the canoes was made somewhat more difficult because of jason 's size . 
 jason and larby then both stepped out of the canoes and bowed to the elders seated on the wedding platform . 
 with great dignity they then helped their brides out of the canoes . 
 those of the forest began a slow drumbeat as the wedding couples ascended the beach and walked past all the people to present themselves to the elders . 
 when the elders arose to accept the wedding couples , the drumming stopped . 
 they spoke in their native language , and the young priest stood with them and translated for those of the forest . 
 they were asking the couples if they understood the meaning and the commitment of marriage . 
 when the couples responded in the affirmative , the elders announced , `` let the ceremony begin . '' 
 the young priest was joined by the listener who heard the god of the sea . 
 together they stood and asked the wedding couples to come forward . 
 the young priest went first , reciting the standard prayers to the god of the sacred water that the marriage of rheon and jason would be blessed . 
 when he had finished the prayers he asked the couple to step forward , and they exchanged their acceptance vows . 
 he then asked the couple to exchange a kiss that would seal their marriage . 
 jason bent down and very gently tilted rheon 's chin up , giving her a long kiss . 
 a great cheer went up from all in attendance and the couple bowed in appreciation . 
 when the applause had settled down the listener stepped forward and proceeded with the ceremony of larby 's people . 
 his words were not translated but the meaning was obvious . 
 to those observing , the ceremony seemed nearly identical to the other despite the different language . 
 again at the end of the ceremony the bride and groom were asked to kiss and seal their marriage . 
 again a great cheer went up . 
 larby awkwardly tried to bow , but betty just stood there and smiled . 
 the drumming started up again as the couples began descending to the campfire that awaited below them . 
 they were showered with small pieces of the giant kelp plant , which was an essential part of the life of larby 's people . 
 they were followed by the elders , who stopped in front of heather and insisted that she precede them to the campfire . 
 heather handed their baby to daniel and did as was asked . 
 the drumming continued at a steady subdued pace . 
 once the elders were seated , jeremy and edna began distributing small containers of the ale he had found to all of those who had traveled with them . 
 those of larby 's people distributed the beverage they made from the berries of the giant kelp plant . 
 only after all had been given a little to drink were the wedding couples served . 
 they were then asked to stand , and the drumming increased in intensity before suddenly stopping . 
 at that point all raised their drinks and a cheer went up honoring the wedding couples . 
 darkness was now complete and it was time for the wedding dance . 
 daniel leaned over and whispered to heather , `` at least jason and larby will not have to have someone hold them up during the wedding dance . '' 
 heather said not but simply squeezed his hand . 
 larby and betty arose and entered the center circle . 
 the drumming began quietly and slowly and they danced a slow promenade around the circle . 
 larby had some trouble with his peg leg sticking into the sand . 
 betty , who never liked being the center of attention , was happy when the dance was over and she could return to the sideline . 
 when jason and rheon moved into the circle the drumming again began slowly and quietly , and they repeated the promenade dance that larby and betty had performed . 
 when the promenade was finished jason turned to those gathered and said , `` my wife would dance the wedding dance of her peoples . '' 
 a light applause went up and even in the firelight the enjoyment on rheon 's face was evident . 
 the drumming started again slowly and quietly , and she began a solo dance facing her husband and ignoring all others . 
 at first the drumming seemed to dictate the speed of the dance , but soon it was obvious that rheon was leading the music . 
 her movements were fluid and graceful as she drove the music forward . 
 both the tempo and volume continued to increase , keeping up with her movements . 
 those in the audience could not help but join the music with their clapping . 
 then , with a vibrant movement of her arms , she signaled the end of the dance and the music ended . 
 she bowed to jason and accepted the hand he had offered . 
 a great cheer went out but rheon responded not , taking her place at jason 's side . 
 now the dancing continued with others taking their turns dancing with the brides and grooms . 
 daniel found rheon to be as light as a feather and knew not how she had learned the dances of the forest . 
 heather danced with jason and was surprised at his ability and rhythm . 
 she said , `` i wish you and your bride happiness . 
 may the god of the sacred water bless you and rheon . '' 
 she then added , `` if it is the will of the god of the sacred water may you be blessed with many children . '' 
 as the dancing wound down it was time for the stories to begin . 
 jeremy rose and took command , asking jason to begin by telling of the rescue of rheon . 
 jason began the story in a very matter of fact manner without much enthusiasm in his voice , for he was not a storyteller . 
 when it came to the actual spotting of the survivor , he became more animated and described in great detail the actual rescue of the stranger who sat now at his side . 
 the story was well received and he bowed ever so slightly to the applause . 
 next it was the rescue of larby . 
 jeremy turned towards daniel and asked him to relate the story . 
 as daniel began telling the tale , jeremy was forever filling in details and adding to the suspense . 
 daniel accepted his friend 's interruptions as if it was the most natural thing , which for them it was . 
 it was only when it came to a description of the leg amputation that jeremy took over . 
 he spoke not of the surgery but of the stench and sickness . 
 those of the forest knew the story well , but larby 's people had heard only portions of it . 
 when jeremy had finished , the applause and appreciation from larby 's people was obvious . 
 jeremy then asked if people would like to hear of the wedding kiss of daniel and heather 's wedding . 
 at first few responded but after daniel had complained that it was not an interesting enough story to be told , yet again more and more people joined the chant for the story . 
 daniel settled back and wrapped his arm around heather and their baby while the story of their wedding was told . 
 it was a well told story , and at the end jason rose and said , `` i would wish to see such a kiss . '' 
 with this the chant began for all wanting to see the kiss . 
 daniel and heather arose in the joy of those around them and exchanged a passionate kiss , after which daniel again slumped to the ground to the applause of all . 
 the night was long with some dancing in between stories , and the young and old had long since gone to their beds . 
 heather whispered to daniel that it was time for them to depart also . 
 the scarlet king was also very tired and daniel offered to walk him to his tent . 
 with heather on one side and daniel on the other they made their way in the darkness . 
 the scarlet king remarked in a mix of the languages , `` i have never before slept outside the palace . 
 i had no idea that there were so many stars . 
 i find great comfort at night when i awaken to see them , and leave the fly of the tent open so their light can calm me . '' 
 daniel replied , `` those of the forest have always relied on the stars to guide us and remind us of the vastness of the world . 
 they tie all of us together . '' 
 chapter 20 morning came but the breaking of the fast was much delayed , for the evening had been long and the night had been so short . 
 after heather had completed her morning ritual , she and daniel joined the others for a quiet breaking of the fast . 
 jason and rheon were the last to arrive , with jason looking very tired but rheon sparkling with energy as always . 
 only after jason had finished eating did heather broach the subject of their departure . 
 jason was quiet for some time before responding , `` i would not have my adventure with these wonderful people end , but i expect you are right and we must return . '' 
 he then asked , `` when would you have us leave ? '' 
 heather responded , `` on the day following the morrow , assuming captain cook and the weather agree . 
 larby 's people have offered us dried fish and kelp for the journey . '' 
 she asked jason , `` would you yet stop at the island with the flightless bird ? '' 
 jason replied , `` we have seen so much , but yes , i would still like to see this flightless bird . '' 
 `` so it shall be . 
 a few more days absent from our homes should make little difference after so much time . 
 i will speak to captain cook . '' 
 heather had some of larby 's people take her out to the ship so she could meet with captain cook . 
 he welcomed her aboard and asked , `` i would expect you are planning our departure . '' 
 heather but nodded in the affirmative , giving him one of her small smiles . 
 captain cook continued , `` the ship and the crew are ready but i would yet take on more water and more food if it is available . '' 
 heather responded , `` larby 's people have offered us dried fish and the dried seaweed that they eat and store . 
 it is time we go home . '' 
 captain cook asked , `` when would you depart ? '' 
 `` on the day following the morrow . '' 
 she then added , `` jason would yet see the island of the flightless bird . '' 
 captain cook rubbed the ever present stubble on his chin before replying . 
 `` it would be easy enough to think of that island as a cursed place , but i guess it made us do what we needed to do . 
 i see no reason we can not stop for a short time assuming the weather is good . '' 
 they visited for some time about their journeys , and heather told him how jason was dreaming of trying to sail around the entire world . 
 captain cook listened intently and said only , `` it is a journey that needs to be made . 
 jason is at home on the sea but he is not a captain . 
 who will serve as his captain ? '' 
 heather smiled her small smile and said , `` only the god of the sacred water knows this . 
 i would expect there are few who would be as competent as you for such a journey . '' 
 they visited some more and then heather needed to depart , for she had meetings with the elders of larby 's people . 
 after those of the ship had dropped her ashore she first checked on daniel and their baby . 
 her beloveds noticed not her standing in the shadows , as they played with the ball made of the leaves of the kelp plant . 
 her daniel appeared as a young child rolling the ball to their baby with complete joy . 
 she disturbed them not and went on to meet with the elders about possible trade and the supplies they needed for the journey . 
 they were assembled as before and heather was welcomed most graciously . 
 she was understanding more of their language , but still needed the assistance of the young priest to fully understand the conversation . 
 the elders were most concerned about their claim on the ship they had recovered . 
 heather had discussed this briefly with captain cook , who had advised that the rule of the sea is that the salvage belongs to the one who first claimed the stricken vessel . 
 the elders received this news but then asked of the black ships sunk in their harbor . 
 heather thought before speaking . 
 `` in war , captured supplies and equipment become the property of those who captured them unless the peace agreement says otherwise . 
 our peace agreement speaks not of the ships . 
 i would therefore expect the ships are rightfully yours . '' 
 the conversation turned to potential trade and one of the elders spoke up , saying , `` we have not the timber to fully restore the ships . 
 i would we could trade with those of the forest for such timber . '' 
 heather nodded her head in agreement but said only , `` the trading guild of those of the forest will need to make this decision . 
 i would assume they would be in favor but will speak not for them . '' 
 the conversation continued until it was time for the noon meal . 
 heather was treated with great respect and served prior to the others . 
 she waited until all were served and then began eating the soup and bread she had been served . 
 they were not quite done eating when daniel appeared carrying baby geoffrey , who was demanding to be fed . 
 heather arose and said as she departed , `` i look forward to our trading agreements and the growth of your people . 
 i feel you have an important role to play in the future of all our peoples . '' 
 it seemed the afternoon passed all too quickly . 
 soon the campfire was lit and the evening meal was being prepared . 
 it was a simpler meal than the prior night 's celebration but still far richer than their normal travel rations . 
 there was no ale or wine for the storytelling , but the campfire seemed to suffice and jeremy again led the way . 
 several of larby 's people joined in the storytelling with stories of their people in the ancient times . 
 jason as always was very interested in the stories of creation and how they compared , for a common thread seemed to run through them all . 
 the evening was not so long as the prior night , but heather and daniel had retreated to their tent long before the stories ended . 
 morning came and again the breaking of the fast was later than usual . 
 it mattered not because the tides dictated they could not leave until midday . 
 jason and larby spent time together discussing the navigation to the island . 
 initially larby tried to describe how easy it was to navigate by simply feeling the directional changes of the waves that the island produced . 
 jason knew he had not that ability and was more interested in the angle of the sun and the stars as a means of guidance . 
 only after he was satisfied that his mental image was correct did he join the others in moving aboard their ship . 
 heather 's heart was heavy but she knew not why until she realized that betty was not dressed for travel . 
 they spoke not as their minds searched for meaning . 
 betty spoke first , saying , `` you need me not anymore . '' 
 heather could retain the tears no longer , and through her tears asked , `` what will you do ? '' 
 `` i stay with larby . 
 maybe we sail with jason . '' 
 heather 's tears were flowing so heavily that her vision was blurry , and with the sunlight it made betty seem to glow . 
 she asked , `` will i ever see you again ? '' 
 `` you see me all of the time . 
 we hear each other . 
 matter not where we are . '' 
 `` i do not want to lose you . '' 
 `` you not lose me . 
 i always with you . '' 
 `` what will i do without you ? '' 
 `` you not need me . 
 your babies need you . 
 the spirits of the forest will look after you . '' 
 the ship 's bell began to ring , for captain cook wished to ride the outgoing tide out of the harbor . 
 heather turned and looked at the ship and saw daniel waiting for her . 
 she looked back and betty was gone , nowhere in sight . 
 her crying seemed almost uncontrollable even when daniel came up and put his arm around her . 
 he guided her to the ship 's boat waiting for them . 
 as she climbed into the boat an image of betty formed in her mind and brought her comfort . 
 by the time they reached the ship she had controlled her tears . 
 as she and daniel climbed the rope ladder she noticed all of larby 's people in their canoes and fishing boats . 
 as soon as they were safely aboard , captain cook had the anchor raised and some sail set . 
 they began to move with the tide out of the harbor accompanied by the flotilla of larby 's people . 
 as they approached the harbor entrance some of the small boats and canoes turned back while others worked hard to keep up with the ship , which was now gaining speed from the wind . 
 as the ship reached full speed , all of larby 's people except those in one small boat with a makeshift sail fell behind . 
 heather looked hard at the boat and realized that someone was standing in the bow waving at them . 
 she knew in her heart that it was betty and waved back . 
 as soon as she had waved the small boat gave way and fell back , and all too quickly was out of sight . 
 daniel had been standing next to heather , holding their baby in one arm and embracing heather with the other . 
 he spoke not for some time , letting heather cry . 
 in a very gentle voice he said , `` it is how it had to be . 
 that is the way of the god of the sacred water . '' 
 the end . 
 i enjoyed writing this series about the sacred water because it allowed me to explore my interest in historical medicine as well as the prejudices we all carry . 
 i have so enjoyed being part of heather and daniel 's world that i did not want to leave it . 
 the constant support and encouragement of my wife allowed me to continue writing even when my health made it difficult . 
 the story is told and it is time to move on to other stories and other worlds . 
 i would like to thank marv lincoln for the editing work and tatiana fernandez for her artwork . . 
 i can be contacted at : dockaluza@gmail.com . 
