 introduction `` there are many things that happen in the world , many things that people can not dream of . 
 these things can be scary , amazing , strange , humorous , humiliating , or all of the above . 
 many people wonder why these `` gifts '' only are given to certain people , at certain times or places . 
 the answer to this question is that they are given with no choice at all , just a name drawn out of a hat , just randomly . 
 these special recipients are usually not known of their gifts until the right moment in their lives . 
 the gifts may scare or frighten these people , but then they realize that this gift was given to them for a reason , one reason only . 
 a reason that is beyond almost everything that mankind thinks about , time travel , zombie apocalypses , another big bang , etc. . 
 the gifts that can be given are phenomenal , astonishing . 
 this is the story of my gift . '' 
 gifts a book by ethan marsh gifts ethan marsh published by ethan marsh at smashwords copyright 2014 ethan marsh i the bench of the subway is relaxing , the most calmly planned out time of the day . 
 i ride home to the destitute zone everyday after the schoolhouse is dismissed . 
 i do n't take a taxi ; even if i could afford it , i would n't . 
 the subway is packed with people , business men , cashiers at local shops , or people i 'd only seen on the streets which is not a very good thing . 
 it is november , much colder than i had expected that day , possibly twenty-five degrees at most . 
 i stand , holding onto a cold , steel pole , sharing with four other hands . 
 the ride would be about fifteen minutes before i got off the subway . 
 i study my textbook , scanning it very carefully . 
 tomorrow , i will be given a test to complete . 
 this is not like any other test you are usually given in school , much less the second year . 
 this is not tedious , challenging , or just plain hard , nor is it on paper or a test online . 
 everyone takes the test in their second year of school . 
 i guess depending on the amount of points you get , decides where you live and what job you receive . 
 i have asked my guardian once about the test , and they said that it can decide if you live your life , or not . 
 i try not to think about it much . 
 the textbook contains most of the information that i have learned in the past two years . 
 i am not particularly sure how to study for a test where i have no clue what content is included in it , but i guess the organization that makes the test , does n't want you to study it . 
 i 'm not sure if this is because if they want us to fail or what . 
 i 'll just have to live with it . 
 that is how i deal with most problems that i have , i do n't think about them . 
 lots of things are different nowadays , much different than when my guardian were kids , i think . 
 i do n't know much about my guardian . 
 back in the tens ' or the twenties , things must have been totally different , almost easy to live , peaceful . 
 for me , live was rather enjoyable up to the day that the incident happened . 
 the year 2036 was the year that nobody wants to remember . 
 that was the day that everything changed , absolutely everything . 
 the past eight years of my life have been the worst ones . 
 it 's 2044 now , and frankly ; quite horrid . 
 ii the subway stops . 
 people from all over pour out of the subway . 
 some going to the other departing subway and some going to the destitute zone , like me . 
 the `` bunch '' that lives in the destitute zone should if anything , not wanting to get out of the subway . 
 if you lived where i live , you should be lucky if you have a one room hut . 
 sadly , most people do n't have huts . 
 these poor people spend their days walking around on the rather `` dead '' streets . 
 the destitute zone is undeveloped , more than that . 
 if this zone wants something , they have to get it themselves . 
 i am the last one out of the destitute zone bunch to leave the subway . 
 i shove my textbook in my bag , and walk towards the door leading out of the port . 
 the subway port is nearly five-hundred feet away from where i live . 
 it 's not much of a walk at all . 
 when i arrive at my hut , i walk across the sandy small field that years ago was covered in grass . 
 i walk up to the door and knock . 
 nobody comes to the door . 
 i wait for awhile , then knock again . 
 no answer . 
 i start to get anxious an eager to get inside to see if everything is alright . 
 usually when i come home , the door is either already unlocked or one of my guardian comes to the door at the first knock . 
 i knock again . 
 no answer . 
 i take my attention away from the door when i hear someone calling out violently , almost yelling . 
 my heart stops for a second as i look over my shoulder and see someone from the streets , dashing towards me . 
 people from the streets are quite scary , if i say so myself . 
 i did n't bother to get a good look at him . 
 instinctively , i flee from him . 
 i run behind my hut , and sprint into the woods . 
 i had never been allowed to enter these woods , and i am not allowed to be in them now . 
 they always attracted me , though . 
 i like the idea of peacefulness , relaxing up far in a tree , away from the horror which is my life . 
 the calling behind me continues . 
 as i look behind me , i know that the freakish man is chasing me . 
 the bushwhacking of trees bothers me , but i would rather get hit by a couple of trees than get taken away by a man from the streets because i like to eat three meals a day , or at least one . 
 i run faster into the dark woods until i do n't hear the mans ' footsteps anymore . 
 i pounce onto the nearest tree much like a stray cat being chased away , and climb up as far as i possibly can , i pull out the thing that always comforts me , always saves me from sadness and anger . 
 the round shape of the metal circle sooths my hand as i open the case to see the two blades : one red and pointy , as the other white and dull . 
 i have never been in a situation like this before . 
 i could n't see my hut or much else that i could recognize . 
 the only thing i could see were large trees , mostly evergreen . 
 the other trees that i saw were dead from the roar of winter . 
 after examining the trees , i see a grassy field out far in the distance going southwest . 
 i 'm not sure which way my hut is , since my guardian had taught me to use a compass not long ago , after i had retrieved it seven years ago , when i was eight years old . 
 suddenly , i find myself being panicked . 
 i make no sound , do n't dare to move a muscle , not knowing what will happen to me if i do . 
 will the government find me and take me away for not being supervised ? 
 will the man from the streets have a knife and kill me ? 
 where are my guardian ? 
 at this point , i was so scared , so anxious , so sad , that i could n't control myself , and the compass did n't help . 
 i slip it into my bag , as the wind blows against my face . 
 i jump out of the massive tree , rolling after i slam against the ground . 
 i immediately recover , and sprint toward the grassy field in the distance . 
 there i will at least be able to see my surroundings . 
 i only moved a couple of paces before someone grabbed my shoulder and gripped as if i was the only thing standing between him , and living . 
 i cry in pain , and a strong feeling of shock . 
 `` boy ! 
 what are you thinking ? '' 
 a voice yells . 
 i gasp with fear . 
 this was the man from the streets that had been chasing me . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i mutter , hoping he would n't stab me or something . 
 i turn around and look up at him . 
 he is about six feet tall , very big , and wearing a very heavy jacket that you could probably stay warm in ice cold water in . 
 his beard is long , down to his chest , and he has a pony tail that was a long braid that grew to his back . 
 his skin is dark , unlike mine , i am as pale as a polar bear . 
 he gives me a dreadful look , but on the inside , i sense that he is scared , or sad possibly . 
 his qualities intimidate me , which makes me even more scared . 
 tears start to roll from my eyes . 
 i am not sure if i am angry , or sad . 
 i try to fight back the tears , but i ca n't help it . 
 i do n't pull out the compass . 
 `` we have to leave , boy , we have to leave now ! '' 
 he did n't sound like he was from this zone , he had an accent that i had never heard before . 
 but with his beard and the mostly ripped up clothes , he looked very much like he spent his days on the streets . 
 `` why ?! '' 
 i cry out as slowly , the tears start to absorb into my skin , and stop flowing from the river coming from my eyes . 
 i try to struggle away , but he is much stronger than me . 
 `` you just have to trust me , boy . 
 we are in a lot of danger , '' the man said . 
 my instincts tell me to trust him . 
 i followed him as he leads me out of the woods , or possibly further in . 
 iii i continue to follow the man , hoping that he knows where he is going because i 'm not sure if anybody has been in these woods before , or at least this deep . 
 the man was actually incredibly nice , almost friendly . 
 he did n't talk to me , he just sent a nice feeling to me , like the occasional letter that comes for my guardian . 
 i never know what they say , but both of my guardian always seemed worried after they read them . 
 they never talked with me about the letters , which gave me a slight feeling that they were about me . 
 the last letter came about a week ago . 
 they have n't talked to me since . 
 we stop by a tree and sit down for a break of walking . 
 after awhile , my body feels a weird sensation . 
 i can not focus on anything else but the fear caused my the man , even though he was n't mean or scary at all . 
 my whole body was shaking , shivering . 
 i started to see a small red outline around objects . 
 `` so what 's your name , little fello ? '' 
 the man asked out of the blue . 
 i turn my head towards him , my eyes shining a beam of light straight into the inside . 
 i continue to shake , not able nor not wanting to answer , no matter how nice he is . 
 my guardian always told me that i should never talk to anyone unless it is under their permission . 
 my guardian are like leaders to me , i should follow their rules . 
 it had been a little over a minute , i had still not answered . 
 `` boy ? 
 i do n't bite , you know , '' `` my ... um . . 
 um . . 
 um . . 
 na . . 
 um . . 
 uh , '' i decided to not say anything else . 
 the thick , bloody line around objects is now in place of the small little line . 
 i could n't get the words out , or any words out . 
 `` you okay there ? 
 hello ? '' 
 i decided that this was pathetic . 
 i took a deep breath and relaxed myself as if i were sitting in a quiet room , laying down on a dirt floor , with smooth jazz playing from a faint distance . 
 `` my name ... is roman , '' i felt like i had no meaning . 
 roman , the name that i have been called since the day i was born , the day that i saw my guardian for the very first time , the days that i do n't remember where life was good , and freedom was encouraged . 
 roman , sounded lame to me . 
 `` that name is awesome . 
 i 'm henry , '' he says , as his small , brown lips curve up to form a smile . 
 this makes me feel a little better , knowing his name . 
 i realize that i should n't be scared anymore . 
 now that i know his name , the red outlines are not showing up anymore . 
 i am not sure what caused them , but the idea of it still haunts me . 
 `` are you from this zone ? '' 
 i finally ask . 
 i feel pushy asking this . 
 i feel bad immediately after the words leave my mouth because i know that i should n't have said this . 
 my guardian consider it rude to ask about peoples ' zones probably because if you are like me , you do n't want to feel bad for yourself . 
 you also do n't want someone to brag about living somewhere else , like the upper class . 
 if henry was n't from this zone , i do n't know why in the world he would be here , because there are many other places in the world that he would probably rather be . 
 `` roman , let me tell you something . 
 i do n't believe in all of this zone nonsense , its crap , '' he says , as the smile on his face disappears back to the straight face . 
 he did not answer my question , but i definitely agreed with him . 
 the world needs to come together as one zone , but apparently the government does n't agree that at all . 
 neither of us speak until a big crash appears out of the sky . 
 the crash is like a bomb , sent off into the wonders above the clouds . 
 i startle and jump a little . 
 henry does not jump though . 
 he must know what it means . 
 `` follow me , roman ! 
 hurry ! '' 
 henry shouts as he started dashing north , according to my compass , my pride . 
 i act quickly as told . 
 i must have hesitated for a second because when i started running , henry was much far ahead of me , dashing off into the distance , not even looking behind him to realize that i had not even started to flee yet . 
 i run as fast as i possibly can , trying to catch up to him , but he is much faster than me . 
 he probably does n't notice that i could n't keep up over the loud crashes . 
 as the crashes continue , the red outline around all of the trees and individual blades of grass appear once again , out of my plain sight . 
 i blink , rub my eyes trying to make them go away , but it is no use i look up in the sky , still running as fast and as hard as i possibly can , and i see black smoke , puffing out into the clouds , polluting the earth . 
 fire and ashes , tiny asteroids skydived from the beginning of the crash itself . 
 the crashes , they sounded like fireworks that i had once seen . 
 it was a long time ago when the new president had just gotten elected . 
 red , white , and blue bursts from the sky , every person who was watching , either on their televisions or if they had been there in person themselves , had shiny eyes with oohs and aahs all around . 
 that does n't happen anymore . 
 i feel melancholy whenever i think of this . 
 when i think of anything about when i was younger . 
 before the president was abducted , the capital city was bombed , and the new government took over . 
 eventually , i could faintly see henry in the shadows of the trees , i keep running , sweating so much that i could fill a bucket to the brim . 
 i was determined to catch up to him , i was not going to get lost , again . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 i yell . 
 he ca n't hear me over the polluting crashes popping out in the sky . 
 i stop running and put my hands on my knees , panting like a dog , spitting on the dirt floor which covered the world . 
 only now had it occurred to me that i was lost . 
 no guardian , no protection . 
 just lost . 
 iv i sometimes think that i 've hit rock bottom and there 's nothing i can do about it . 
 i am in that scenario ; no food , water , nowhere to go . 
 i do n't think that i 'm over reacting , even if the situation is a little bit out of control . . 
 not to mention the crashes in the sky are starting to kill my eardrum . 
 i lay down on the ground , gazing up at the sky , knowing that if i try hard enough , i can conquer the fear of being afraid . 
 the fear of anything . 
 i notice that the crashes were getting much closer to the ground , and i know that once the trees catch on fire , everything explodes . 
 a thought of a classmate that i once sat my desk next to makes me think that i could possibly become deaf one day . 
 i would n't dislike it because not hearing would take me more away from the horror . 
 circles of thoughts run throughout my mind , different fears , different things that make me happy . 
 this makes me start to cry because i realize , that i may never live to see and feel these things ever again . 
 i pull out my compass from my bag , sliding my hand past the light brown leather pouch as i reach for the round object . 
 due to fear , i drop it on the ground as soon as a cracking sound brings me out of my thoughts , back to reality . 
 this was not the same cracking sound i have been hearing . 
 this was closer to me . 
 a lot closer to me . 
 i act immediately and dive out of the way , not sure if i am being targeted or what . 
 dirt presses into my face as my whole body crashes to the ground . 
 the cracking continues , i get up from the dirt , brush off my hoodie , and look to see that everything looks normal . 
 then , the cracking creates its consistency and a constant crack sounds , a c note on the major scale if i am correct . 
 i know that one of the trees nearby will fall to the ground of the woods , and the tree just might hit me , since i 'm not sure which exact tree is falling . 
 i do n't move . 
 all of a sudden , the cracking stops . 
 the tree starts to tip . 
 i see it , it is right above me , i do n't move . 
 the tree is halfway to the ground . 
 still no moves from me . 
 i want to move , i ca n't though . 
 the next minute is a blur . 
 something hits me really hard , and i travel fast to the ground . 
 the tree did not hit me , though . 
 a tree would have hurt me much more than what i got hit by . 
 i open my eyes to see on top of me , a large body . 
 an animal ? 
 a mythological creature ? 
 i try to get up , but i do n't have the strength . 
 the body moves , and i still ca n't get up . 
 the person looks down at me . 
 `` roman , are you okay ? 
 roman ! 
 wake up ! '' 
 the person waves his hand in front of my face , i guess to see if i am awake or not . 
 i eventually realize who the person is . 
 the only person that i know of in the entire world who is , that as far as i know , is alive . 
 henry . 
 v i awake at a campsite . 
 i open my eyes the smallest bit possible , only catching a glimpse of the objects around me . 
 i am laying in what looks like a tent , except that it is cubical . 
 a bowl of water and some berries are placed in a basket next to where i lay my head on a sturdy mound of dirt . 
 the bowl is very fancy , nothing like i had ever seen before . 
 it looks like it was freshly baked clay , with the finest of blues glazed onto the piece . 
 it is very peaceful , as i stare at the pottery , with the beautiful flowers patterned all around it . . 
 there is an brown animal skin blanket laying on me that must have came from the finest of species , not an ordinary deer or wolf . 
 this skin came from a tiger . 
 the softness of it reminded me of the days of happiness before the year 2036 . 
 the year that i was assigned a guardian , which was not necessarily a bad thing , but what else happened besides that ? 
 how did my life change ? 
 i am now strong enough to sit up , so i push the blanket aside to the left and sit criss-cross on the dirt floor . 
 a raging headache surprises me . 
 i let out a long groan due to the treacherous pain . 
 hunchbacks may have bad posture , but they sure know how to live . 
 i live like a hunchback most of the time , including now . 
 i drink some water from the plastic canteen that is contained . 
 it appears organized , peaceful . 
 i eat a couple of the berries in the basket . 
 sour . 
 i would 've spit them out , but i was starving so i did n't even care about the horrible taste of the fruit . 
 i eat more of the berries , then lay back down and think to myself , where am i ? 
 no way this place is legal . 
 it could n't have been approved by the government . 
 it '' s too ... peaceful . 
 out of curiosity , i peek a look outside . 
 there are about 15 other tents arranged in a circle . 
 just one big circle . 
 in the middle of the circle that the tents create , a large fire lays . 
 the beautiful oranges and blues of the fire make my eyes feast . 
 the sight of my guardian appears oddly in the fire . 
 he is calling out to me , saying that everything will be okay . 
 i wince at the thought of my guardian and his location , then take my mind away from the sad thoughts of confusion . 
 if i had to take a guess , i 'd say it was about five o'clock in the morning . 
 i yawn as i crawl outside the tent to explore this what looked like to me , paradise . 
 the green , tan grass spreads out in a field , and behind the magnificent nature , large , pine trees spread around in perfect alignment . 
 this is paradise . 
 `` am i in heaven ? '' 
 this thought haunts me several times when i realize i might be dead . 
 this thought makes me shudder , shiver , and all of the above . 
 i can tell that something alive is in the other tents . 
 i hear the groaning , the moving around , everything you hear when your listening to someone sleep . 
 i walk around , trying to be quiet so i wo n't wake the other people ... or beings that lie just thirty feet from me . 
 i move further outside the tent . 
 i pull out a compass from my pocket , which was not mine . 
 in my pocket , there was a shiny silver compass that had a case like a pocket watch that once was buried in the depths of my bag . 
 i gasp , in fear . 
 never before had i lost my compass before . 
 i drop to the ground , scavenging for the piece . 
 the compass that i had in my hand is an imposter . 
 then a thought comes across me and i stop looking for my one and only prized possession . 
 i would look for it now , but i am far more curious about the situation around me . 
 attached to the beautiful compass case , there was a silver key chain that had to have been carefully carved . 
 i panic a little when i realize that i had lost my compass , the memories that kept me in control when the horror occurred in my life , which sadly was quite often . 
 i look on the back only to see two letters , etched into the center : rs . 
 what could rs stand for ? 
 a brand ? 
 no , this is too special to be a brand . 
 this was handmade . 
 along with the compass and key chain , there was something else in my pocket as well . 
 a small envelope lays in my hands . 
 it is addressed to `` roman . '' 
 there were only three people that i could think of whom the letter could me from , my guardian , or henry , because those were the only people who actually knew me , besides my teacher at the schoolhouse , but she would never send me such a letter . 
 i open the envelope , carefully peeling the paper so the pieces of the stationary do n't fall to the dirt ground . 
 i think , with all of my hope , that it , the letter , would explain where the world , or which world , i am . 
 dear roman ,13 / 5/44 i am writing this letter to you for a very important reason . 
 it is tragic , but ... well , that 's really it . 
 this is very tragic , but you must not get angry at yourself , or other people . 
 brace yourself . 
 i stop reading the letter as my chest tightens . 
 i knew that something was off about everything lately . 
 maybe it had something to do with the letters that my guardian had been receiving . 
 i stop for a second , take a deep breath , and continue to read the letter : it 's about your guardian . 
 i should have told you before , but here it comes . 
 the crashes in the sky were bombs thrown by a man that you must stay away from . 
 read that last sentence again . 
 stay away from people who you do not know . 
 especially men . 
 the bombs could have been thrown by various people . 
 the military , navy , terrorists , we just do n't know . 
 we ? 
 more people to meet ? 
 i groan . 
 your guardian was at the pantry to get the weekly food for you , and lets say that ... boom ; it exploded . 
 there were no signs of any bombs anywhere near the building and the bombs exploded in the sky , so there 's another things we do n't know . 
 he may have been taken by the man . 
 i am sorry for your loss . 
 i hope with all my heart i can see you once again . 
 do not trust anyone . 
 they are looking for you . . 
 i , myself , have been through this before . 
 my guardian was killed , murdered , when i was only eleven years old . 
 i cried and cried , but eventually , i found the horrible person who committed this horrible thing , and i took care of them , made sure that they never saw the light of day ever again . 
 i suggest to you that you do the same . 
 as for the compass in your pocket , it will keep you safe in your most times of need . 
 it is still your compass , its just been ... enhanced . 
 trust me . 
 be careful . 
 see you soon , hopefully . 
 henry a tear rolls from my eye . 
 then three tears , a sniffle , and then a waterfall exploded out of my eyes , just before the very moment . 
 i knew it . 
 i knew it all along . 
 he had died . 
 i knew it . 
 i do n't dare make a sound though , keeping the other tents in mind . 
 i put the whole situation in my bag , tossing it away . 
 i did not want to focus on sadness . 
 why did henry write that a man is looking for me ? 
 as i am placing the envelope back into my pocket , one of the tents opens . 
 it is a tent very far away from me , almost on the other side of the circle . 
 i hide my face in my hoodie and bury myself quickly in the pile of leaves . 
 the compass still hangs around my neck . 
 something moves out of the tent and comes closer in my direction . 
 i feel like i am about to scream , cry , yell . 
 then , i hear no movement at all , and everything was quiet . 
 i stopped breathing , thinking that he or she or it heard me rustle in the pile of leaves . 
 it was so quiet , if earthworms made noise , i would hear them like an earthquake . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 the voice was harsh , demanding , but most of all , fearful . 
 i stay where i am , not a single cell moving in my body . 
 i freeze , even more than i was just before in the pile of dead , dry leaves . 
 someone uncovers the leaves that was used as my shield . 
 my shield from the world . 
 `` young man ! 
 what are you doing awake ? '' 
 a woman 's voice says in a hushed tone . 
 i do n't say anything , or hear anything . 
 i scramble to by feet and dash away , looking back to see an elderly lady wearing the nicest of clothes , all made of animal skin . 
 her face looks rather disappointed . 
 she calls out , i 'm not sure if she calls out for something or someone else . 
 i stop running , turn around , and just stand there . 
 she looks like she was physically harmless , weak even . 
 she continues to call out for something . 
 i could n't understand what she was saying because she was talking in a different language . 
 she did n't look like she was from my zone due to her extremely nice clothes and the different language she spoke , but then again , she did n't look like she was from any zone at all . 
 eventually , she stops calling out and a man who looks the same age as her jogs out of one of the tents . 
 he wears a orange robe with black pants underneath . 
 hid long , goatee is braided down to his chest . 
 he comes closer to the woman , then whispers something into her ear . 
 the woman 's eyes widen and i notice that her pupils enlarge . 
 the man then jogs back to the tent in which he came from before . 
 the woman just looks at me for a minute , and i look at her . 
 `` are you roman ? '' 
 she asks in a calm tone , after taking a deep , very deep breath . 
 i decide that i should answer truthfully . 
 i still do not trust her , though , still keeping in mind the tragic letter that was sent to me by henry , which makes me have to fight back more tears thinking about it . 
 he told me not to trust anyone . 
 i trust him , an i 'm sure i can make room for one more person . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` welcome . 
 welcome , roman . '' 
 vi i stand there , next to the woman . 
 she had just welcomed me . 
 welcome to what ? 
 or where ? 
 i stand in the same place with my face filled up with confusion . 
 i am about to say something , asking her about the welcoming , but she beats me to it . 
 `` roman , follow me . 
 you must travel to another area for awhile . 
 there is no more room for you here , '' the lady says . 
 it seems that she had done this before . 
 like she was acting routine . 
 it confuses me , because the tent that i had woken up in , seemed perfectly spacious , even if another person was sharing the tent with me . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 after a long , yet silent pause , she looks at me and puts her hands over her heart . 
 `` i am only who you think and appear me as . '' 
 i did n't say anything else , thinking the same kind of answer would be given to me . 
 i clear my throat due to a cold that i have not yet overcome . 
 the cold is probably caused be such a frigid climate in the world these days . 
 the hike is tough . 
 the deep , -lrb- at least three feet deep , growing a little higher than my knee . -rrb- 
 brown muddy substance spreads like a pile of sheets across the `` trail '' . 
 this is not mud , due to its spots of purple , which scare the living daylights out of me , but i continue on the hike , following closely behind the lady , who does not seem frightened by the purple spotted substance . 
 the lady looks back at me , i guess to see if i am still following from behind , as most kids -lrb- those who are spoiled , or have a very high income -rrb- would not follow behind . 
 she must notice the look on my face , as she says , `` roman , do not be afraid . 
 this will not hurt you . 
 it is called sulm . '' 
 whatever it is , it sinks into me like quicksand , as i sink into it even more . 
 i trudge through the sulm and occasional grass patches , that were just as muddy as the zones with no grass , but the new substance that i have encountered . 
 the lady and i hike for about a half an hour , then she stops to breathe , still in the mud . 
 i decide that i could n't care less about how dirty i get , so i sit down in the mud , as how dirty my clothes and i get , it feels really relaxing . 
 neither of us say a word the whole time resting , as well as the entire hike . 
 while catching her breath , she tells me to head northwest for about five-hundred meters . 
 i am not sure how far this is , but i follow her directions . 
 she starts to hike back to the circle of tents , looking as exhausted as i am , except she has much less energy , her being elderly and all . 
 i sigh in pain , as well as fear , praying that something , anything , will stop me from continuing the journey . 
 i do proceed my hiking though , to the place of unknown . 
 my hopes pray that the place is safe . 
 after awhile of treacherous hiking in the deep sulm , the small trail like path that i am hiking on came to a halt . 
 a large woods filled with dead trees and lays surrounds me . 
 should i go into the woods ? 
 the lady specifically told me to go northwest for five-hundred meters . 
 there is no way i 've gone that far yet . 
 i was only walking for two minutes maximum . 
 who is that lady ? 
 did she lie to me ? 
 my brain tosses around different questions that i do not know the answer to , which really gives me a headache to think about them . 
 the swirl of trapped thoughts were interrupted by a rustle in the woods . 
 something was moving . 
 a deer ? 
 hunter ? 
 i did not want to hike back through the sulm and mud , back to the camp , and it was risky going back to the circle of tents because i could run into someone who could be dangerous to me . 
 i come across every thought , with multiple possible outcomes . 
 sadly , most of them include dying , but it seems like the woods is pulling me in , and my instincts are pushing me in further . 
 i always follow my instincts . 
 i trudge closer to the woods , and then into the path of darkness . 
 the woods is covered in trees , much more `` advanced '' than the woods i had been in with henry . 
 this place freaked me out , the darkness and the shadows of the trees that come across my face , feeling like they are the demons that have haunted me for the past eight years of my life . 
 on the upside , at least the sulm from the trail is replaced by dry dirt . 
 this is not woods . 
 this is a forest . 
 the woodlands ' trees smack me in the face often which gives me scrapes that sting and burn . 
 they hurt , but my curiosity heals them , as if they had never been there before . 
 i be cautious because of the occasional rustle in the trees around me , like someone was watching me , or following me . 
 i try to ignore it as much as i possibly can , but each time it sounds , the speed of my walking increases as i navigate through the terrain . 
 eventually , i come to see a small opening in the woods . 
 the light of the sun beams through the passageway , as it replenishes my mood with happiness , as i walk closer towards the light , seeking whatever lies beyond . 
 i must have gone five-hundred meters by now , so i start to jog my way to the opening , my curiosity meter at an all time high . 
 i run out of the shadowy forest to see a once in a lifetime experience . 
 a large grassy field spreads across acres and acres of land . 
 the most beautiful grass , more beautiful than the grass at the circle , grows to the perfect height , not too long , and not too short . 
 the bluest of water lays beyond me in the form of a slow flowing stream . 
 i gaze into the stream , only to find many little fish , hopping and swimming around in the body . 
 a large mountain range stands over me and the body of water as the shadows of the shapes come down onto me , almost pushing me to the ground . 
 it is beautiful , magnificent , phenomenal . 
 pain starts to occur inside me as an indication that i am hungry , thirsty , and tired . 
 i look into my bag , only to have no more than a handful of almonds , as i remember that they were supposed to be a snack for if i got hungry at the schoolhouse . 
 thankfully , i have n't eaten them yet . 
 i grab them out of my bag , and savor each piece of nut , as if i had never tasted the delight of the delicious food . 
 after i have finished , i walk over to the stream and plunge my head into the shallow water . 
 i inhale the liquid , not even bothering to taste it . 
 i already know how it will taste . 
 wonderful . 
 i sit down and took my animal skin shoes off , dip my feet in the water , and just breathe . 
 the fish still swim by my feet , massaging indeed . 
 i lay down on the smooth grass and watch the big , circular sun and wonder how it could be so cold , but the sun could be that big . 
 i just then remember how cold it is , and button my hoodie up . 
 i watch the sun and the mountains around me as the light begins to die , only to be born once again the next day . 
 the pink and the orange colors sparkle in my own mind because i had never seen anything so beautiful . 
 it makes me sad , as the reminder of my life glimpses in my mind . 
 the routine , the controlling , the chaos . 
 i hate it . 
 tears build up i n my eyes , but i fight them back , forcefully . 
 how could anything be bad , when this sight makes everything better , if you could just look at it , once in your lifetime , and enjoy the peace of the gleaming lights . 
 then i see the suns rather twin , as it takes the graveyard shift and shines the night with a bright white light that is almost as beautiful as its sibling . 
 the light of the moon brings me to close my eyes , but i can still see the white glow even through my skin of my eye lids . 
 i do n't feel it , but i know that tears are just pouring out of me . 
 the night glow causes a yawn . 
 then another yawn . 
 i rub my eyes and place my arms on my chest , folded like a piece of paper . 
 then sleep . 
 the most beautiful thing that i have ever seen before shoots me with a tranquilizer , putting me to sleep instantly . 
 `` you enjoying relaxing , kid ? '' 
 i force my eyes open , scared out of my mind , hoping , praying for the small , yet large favor to not be harmed . 
 i open my eyes and see the sky . 
 it is different , it is normal . 
 just blue and plain . 
 the clouds do n't remind my imagination of anything , except for plain old clouds . 
 i sit up in shock , but then turn to see a man , no older than twenty-four . 
 his nice brown hat fits perfectly on his head , as does his light brown leather jacket , with two rows of buttons that lay up and down on . 
 i did n't answer . 
 i did n't want to meet anybody else , thinking that they could lead me into trouble , or something worse . 
 `` hello ? 
 hey ! '' 
 he says , waving his hand in front of my face , to gain my attention , to gain the leverage . 
 i still did n't answer , i just look up at him , blank-faced , as he looks down at me , smiling . 
 he is very handsome , his rectangular eyeglasses fitting perfectly on his head . 
 i am feeling something , something weird when i look at him . 
 the force that is driven through one another that sometimes , can not be stopped . 
 this force infects me with such a large impact . 
 jealously . 
 he sits down next to me , his knees against his chest , but does not put his feet down into the water . 
 his brown leather shoes are made of the same material as his coat and hat , are practically shoved into my face , my eyes forcing to stare at the large , rather expensive accessory , making the level of jealously increase . 
 `` are you roman ? '' 
 he asks , which instinctively , makes my eyes dart to his face , exclaiming many emotions , upon such a simple expression . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 i demand , really starting to get anxious because with everything that has been going on , i wonder how two random strangers whom i had never met ever before in thirteen full years . 
 they both seem like they know my name , almost if they were supposed to . 
 it seems that his regret takes over him , due to his facial expression , but he quickly ignores it . 
 `` you 'll find out soon , '' he says , getting up from the field , walking north . 
 `` you comin ' ? '' 
 he says , looking back at me , giving me a friendly jester for me to come along . 
 i choose to follow , only because i do n't think he will harm me . 
 i put my shoes on , not caring if they get drenched , because i know that they will dry eventually . 
 i quickly catch up to him , walking alongside him . 
 i do n't think that this is the smartest decision , but it is definitely the safest . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask , my curiosity once again taking over , obsessing my thoughts over one simple question . 
 `` you hungry ? '' 
 he ignores my question , but he offers me food , so i did n't care that he ignored my question , and could n't resist . 
 i nod , craving more food as my taste buds become needy . 
 he pulls out some bread and cheese from his bag . 
 he made two sandwiches like an expert , slipping the pre-sliced cheese under two slices of bread . 
 he hands one of the masterpieces to me . 
 the simple two ingredients flash before me . 
 my eyes swirl around as if a wheel is spinning the trickiest of optical illusions . 
 i feel as if i am drooling from the looks of it . 
 `` thanks , '' i say , trying to act calm , but my mood is everything but that . 
 the sandwich is now in my possession . 
 under my control . 
 i bare my teeth and chomp into the delightful pieces of bread with a slice of thin , white , cheese laying in the center of the sandwich . 
 the taste is so amazing , the feeling of fainting comes upon me . 
 i shake it off and realize that i have weirded out the man who is strangely looking at me , straight in the face . 
 `` no problem . 
 you know , that 's a nice compass you got there . '' 
 he says it slowly , like as if he thought that something was n't normal . 
 `` thanks . 
 since you know my name , what 's your name ? '' 
 i ask out of curiosity , feeling pushy , but demanding , again . 
 he looks at me first with shock , then with a sense of regret . 
 he shakes his head to clear his thoughts . 
 `` i 'm tedd . 
 tedd smith , '' he says with a toothy smile on . 
 his teeth are perfectly aligned , all lined up next to each other , not crammed , not spaced . 
 my teeth on the other hand , are jagged , spaced , and tilted . 
 my guardian ca n't afford straighters for me , and i ca n't either . 
 he seems too nice to be truthful . 
 tedd . 
 it is n't a funny name , not something to remember , just tedd . 
 plain , old , tedd . 
 i finish my delicious sandwich in a matter of two more large bites , trying to taste every last bit of it . 
 the sandwich had taken my attention away from reality , so after a couple of seconds that felt like minutes , i snap out of the world of unknown , then jog to catch up to tedd . 
 he looks at me with a small grin . 
 i smile back , continuing to follow him , right by his side . 
 we walk on the very large grassy field , that seems to go on for kilounits and kilounits . 
 a large feeling of relief passes over me as we continue the walk on a dirt road , because at least i know that there is a small chance that this tedd guy knows where he 's going . 
 after awhile of walking on the dirt path , we reach a little village , or a town , depending on what it could be called . 
 not very big at all , but larger , and nicer than the last village that i was mysteriously at . 
 instead of tents there were huts and small houses , some with even a second story -lrb- i , obviously enough , have never seen a building with a second story , much less a house . -rrb- 
 as we walk closer and i can get a better look , my mouth uncontrollably drops open . 
 this is like the heavens . 
 there are many people walking the roads , strolling into shops , actually communicating with each one another , which makes me sad because in all my life , in thirteen full years , i never yet came to the thought that people could communicate like this at all . 
 there is a bridge that lead across a moat that leads to the village . 
 this is not what i am used to at all . 
 i wipe my feet -lrb- they are drenched in mud and sulm , as well as water -rrb- off on the grass , still gazing at the establishment . 
 tedd looks at me with a smile . 
 the same smile he did when he told me his name . 
 i look back at him and say nothing , but smile . 
 `` welcome to your new home , roman . '' 
 vii i am just standing there , at the border of the town . 
 just a little town , makes me so excited , so happy , even so anxious , i have no clue what do do with myself . 
 i 'm in shock when tedd tells me that this is my new home . 
 i had no clue what to say , just in so much shock my whole emotional system shut down and is rebooting . 
 sure it was amazing , i 'll give him that , but what about my old home ? 
 the destitute zone is where i have lived my whole life . 
 it was n't exactly the best quality of life , but i adapted to it , and i kind of liked it . 
 but from the look of this wonderful , astonishing place , i want to belong here , not the destitute zone . 
 i do n't think that anyone should belong there . 
 `` why did n't you tell me before ? '' 
 i say happily , my voice at a higher pitch than it normally is due to the anxiety of the situation . 
 `` i wanted it to be a surprise . '' 
 i say nothing . 
 nothing at all . 
 tedd knows that i am grateful , thankful , when a tear starts to roll from my eye . 
 i try not to get very emotional , but at this point , when all is given to me , i ca n't help it . 
 more of the tears swim up to my eyelids , gasping for oxygen . 
 `` follow me , '' he says , walking closer into the town , waving his hand like a flag that many guards twirl when sight of a government official is near . 
 leading to the town , a river runs along the edges of the civilization . 
 the river is beautiful , amazing , but not nearly as perfect as the one i gazed upon earlier . 
 a large , man made , beautiful bridge leads across this river , leading into the heavens . 
 we walk together passing by all of the houses on the street that is called main street -lrb- the houses kind of creep me out , because on the street that we are on , all of the houses look like the exact same thing , but they are all so perfect , that i do n't really even notice the imperfection . -rrb- 
 i wave at people , in amazement when they all wave back to me . 
 the worried and excited look on my face is replaced by a rare look , for me at least . 
 the most calm of smiles is replacing on my face . 
 the palms of my hands and feet are no longer salty and damp . 
 i am happy . 
 i look up to the house that tedd stops at -lrb- still the same as the other houses . -rrb- 
 etched into the door is one word : four . 
 i choose not to pay attention to it and continue waving at people on the walks . 
 i stop when an object catches the corner of my peripheral vision . 
 i turn to see tedd pulling out a big brown key form his leather jacket pocket and opens the door to the house . 
 `` this is where you 're going to be staying . 
 you like it ? '' 
 the house that i step into is a house that i 've never even imagined before . 
 i explore the whole house . 
 i run through all of the rooms . 
 living room , dining room , cooking room , you name it . 
 my face booms as i walk all around the house , the first floor . 
 the happiness is gone . 
 the excitement , the anxiety , the look on my face , the sweaty palms , it 's all back . 
 it appears that there was a story below the first floor , along with the second floor above me . 
 but when i open the door to go down , trying to explore , tedd slams the door so i would n't . 
 he glares at me , with a sense of anger , and fear . 
 the excitement turned to phobias , scary thoughts twist and turn through my brain , and i swear to myself that i will never go , or attempt to go down there ever again . 
 i did not want to make him mad , because he has given me so much , so i just went along , trying to act like nothing ever happened at all , and i hope that he does as well . 
 a bad first impression is the last thing that i need . 
 there is a hallway that leads to a second floor , a room with a big table , which leads to a room with cabinets and a refrigerator , as well as other large appliances , and a room with a big brown leather couch and a whole bookshelf of books to read . 
 on the second floor , there were two bedrooms and a really fancy bathroom . 
 back home , we bathed in rivers nearby huts , which i realized just now is quite disturbing . 
 i scoot back to one of the bedrooms , exploring the room for the second time . 
 this time , i realize something . 
 something important . 
 i am about to call for him , but he comes up the stairs , as if he read my mind , and looks right into my eye . 
 he takes off his hat to reveal his perfectly shaped hair , and in his hat , an envelope lays . 
 he hands the envelope to me . 
 it is a guardian transfer certificate . 
 i can tell by the red decal that is keeping the envelope sealed shut . 
 i have seen it before . 
 the logo of the government engraved onto the piece of paper-like material . 
 everything made sense now . 
 the camp i was at , transition for guardian transfer , and this house is where tedd , and now i , live . 
 i cry , being reminded of my old guardian , but then think optimistic , and realize that this is better . 
 i will still find who killed him . 
 he can tell by the look on my face that i already know what it is . 
 `` so ... do you want me to be your new guardian ? 
 , '' tedd says oddly , with a rather silly voice . 
 this is where my mind takes a bit of a turn . 
 it would be awesome to have tedd as my new guardian , but what about my former guardian ? 
 and where does henry fit into all of this ? 
 he knew who i was , i could tell , just by the small hint of worry , stuck on his face . 
 i did not say anything , but i gave him a shiny smile , just pretending that this is the most spontaneous thing that has ever happened to be before . 
 it really was n't , though . 
 after about a minute , our silence is interrupted by a loud knocking sound coming from the foyer downstairs . 
 tedd walks down the stairs and opens the door , while his hand gesturing me to stay back . 
 a man with a suit coat appears at the door . 
 since i had never seen someone like this ; professional , i decide to the room with the couch , and hide behind the wall so i would n't be seen . 
 `` hey , mr. smith ! '' 
 tedd sounds like he knew the man , or he could just be that friendly . 
 i continue to listen as they shake hands , passing on grins . 
 `` how 's it doin ' tedd ? '' 
 `` good good . 
 you ? '' 
 `` i 'm doin ' fine , thanks for asking . 
 i just wanted to confirm that roman ... uh ... roman smith , yeah that 's it , would be showing at school next wednesday . '' 
 school ? 
 i should have expected this , since this was n't exactly paradise . 
 i was not looking forward to it at all . 
 based on the context , the man who tedd calls mr. smith , said that the school week starts on wednesday , when back at my old home , school started on tuesday . 
 roman smith ? 
 this new , last name , sounded better , better than roman kavinski . 
 i flashback to the day at the camp , then glance down to my chest . 
 the circular piece , still hangs , and i forgot it was even there in the first place . 
 i grasp it in my hand , then turn it over , feeling the small , perfected , one of a kind designs throughout it . 
 on the back , the etched rs still is there , still as big and bold as ever . 
 rs . 
 roman smith ? 
 maybe ... `` umm ... yes , he 'll be there . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 now he is in the seventh-grade , right ? '' 
 `` that is correct , sir . '' 
 i forget about the whole rs thing , and tune back into the situation with school . 
 seventh-grade ? 
 back home , i was only on my second year of school . 
 i do know now that many things are different here than they are back at the destitute zone . 
 `` okay ! 
 just checkin ' to see what the plan was . 
 we are very excited for roman to be comin ' here . '' 
 `` see ya , '' tedd says as mr. smith walked down the porch steps and into his what looked like a sub . 
 it is very beautiful , it did not have flashy and retro lights like everything else that exists in the world today . 
 i had only seen a sub once in my life . 
 i can barely remember it though , as it was at the very beginning of the knot of my life . 
 it loosens , then it tightens , then it loosens again . 
 `` rich dude , '' i thought , but did n't dare to say anything , thinking i could get that horrid glare from tedd once more . 
 `` so who was that ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` that was the administer of your new school , m.e. 34 . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i did n't complain about going to school , because i knew that i needed to learn . 
 i did n't feel like arguing about it , so i say calmly , `` can i have something to eat ? '' 
 it had n't been awhile since i had eaten something , but i was starving . 
 `` well , it 's sixteen-fifteen now , so how about a snack and then we can go to a restaurant ? '' 
 `` a restaurant ? 
 i 've never been to one . '' 
 that was telling the pure , clean truth . 
 i did n't actually know the meaning of a restaurant , i had just heard the word on my radio , which i had gotten for my ninth birthday , from my grandfather , pretty awesome if you ask me . 
 `` then tonight is going to be pretty cool for you . '' 
 i smile , then walk over to the room with all of the cabinets and the appliances , and open the one of the four cabinets . 
 the light that flashes before me is amazing . 
 so many plastic bags filled with food of all kinds lay on the wooden shelves , hidden behind the wooden barrier . 
 i grab a large brown plastic bag that says : carter 's . 
 it 's good . 
 i pop open the plastic bag and pull out a small , bite-size , twisty snack , covered in grains of salt . 
 i carefully eat one , crunching the pieces of cooked bread in between my uneven teeth , and my eyes light up , even more than the sandwich had made me glow earlier . 
 the taste is so powerful , so strong , i only can eat one . 
 i use a clip to secure the bag , and slip it back into the cabinet . 
 afterward , i walk to the room with the couch and crash , sinking my body , a full six thousand , thirty two units , into the leather . 
 the cold leather makes me shiver , but it is so comfortable , that i can bare . 
 i nap , in the lightest of sleeps , wondering how all of this could happen so fast , and how it could all be so good ? 
 me and tedd walk down main street , the street where we had first walked together , at about eighteen hundred hours . 
 tedd locks the door with the big brown key and then puts the key into his coat pocket once again . 
 main street is a long track that has many shops and lots of people walking around . 
 the sight and sound and smell of people communicating makes me happy . 
 it makes me really happy . 
 `` so , roman , what kind of food do you like ? '' 
 tedd asks me as we were walking past a clothing shop . 
 i never knew that people had a preference on what they looked like and what they wore . 
 or a preference for what they eat . 
 `` realistically speaking , anything that wo n't kill me , '' i chuckle . 
 this is actually true . 
 my guardian brought me home anything that he could get . 
 it could be anywhere from a frozen pizza to canine food . 
 tedd lets out a little laugh , that only lasts for a couple of seconds , then he turns serious again . 
 `` how about sushi ? '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` telling the full truth here , sushi is raw fish in rolls . '' 
 i stopped and gave him an `` are you serious ? '' 
 look and right away he gave me the `` you bet '' look along with a thumbs up . 
 he must like sushi , so how bad could it be ? 
 `` okay . 
 sushi it is . '' 
 i try to be calm , but i am too eager to hide it . 
 the sushi restaurant is about three quarters of the way to the end of main street . 
 when we walk in , lights of all different colors flash in my eyes . 
 i smack my hand over my face in shock , squinting as my weak pupils adjust . 
 everything is neon . 
 the music is electronia , i do n't like it at all . 
 the forties ' music was not my favorite . 
 my favorite kind of music that i have heard is rock . 
 i love it . 
 it seems so mean and horrid to some people , but it really is just the opposite . 
 everyone used to listen to rock in the thirties ' , but nobody does anymore , for some reason . 
 just lots of electronica . 
 tedd leads me to a long table with high , purpleish stools lined up until the blue and red striped wall stands in their way . 
 the stools feel similar to the couch at tedds ' house , but it is different . 
 much different . 
 a man in an outfit that looks just like the music walks to the are of the table and places down two glasses , which look just like everything else . 
 the stream of fluid then passes through the air , and into the clear glasses . 
 `` you like it , roman ? '' 
 he yells . 
 i wince at the loudness , but i know he has to scream . 
 the music and everything else is too loud . 
 `` it 's amazing , '' i reply , not really lying , just amazing in a bad way . 
 how could the society of the zones turn into this ? 
 `` i 'm glad you like it . '' 
 before the sushi was served , i scurry to go to the bathroom because i had n't gone since the tree with henry . 
 the bathroom was stored away in a little hallway next to the bar , also painted with `` flying colors '' . 
 as i walk in , the delightful smell of air freshener comes against my face , which smells great . 
 i do my business in a urinal , which i had never used before . 
 all i had ever used is a hole that i dug in the ground myself . 
 everything was automatic , and all you ever had to do is wave your hand in front of it . 
 amazing . 
 i turned on the sink -lrb- by waving my hand -rrb- and all of a sudden , the door opened . 
 however , there was nobody to be seen at the door . 
 i turn the sink off . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called , doubtful anyone would answer , but there might be someone really friendly like tedd . 
 no answer . 
 a stall door opened . 
 i check in the stall . 
 nobody was or is present . 
 the urinal flushes and i jump . 
 i start trembling , shaking . 
 from fear ? 
 all of the stall doors open and all of the sinks turn on . 
 it 's wild . 
 my body is in tremors , it hurts to breathe , but i do not have even a small case of asthma . 
 i look in the mirror . 
 my eyes are red as well as my hands , they 're glowing , like they are on fire . 
 i feel the urge to run , move . 
 i try to slow my breathing and calm down , thinking that would help , but it was no use . 
 the urge comes unbearable and i dash out of the bathroom , with more speed than i could ever have . 
 the wind in my ears and hair is relaxing , enjoyable , for the few moments that i have it . 
 i am out of the labyrinth in a matter of three seconds . 
 the wind still roars against my ears . 
 i stop in my tracks when i notice that my hands have turned more red and i get really hot . 
 i put my hands on my knees , then i start to feel drowsiness . 
 i am collapsing . 
 `` hel - '' i am interrupted by an impenetrable force . 
 all of a sudden , everything is quiet . 
 quieter than ever . 
 even quieter than the time at the woods when the tree fell down . 
 quieter than anything could ever be . 
 i could n't move , not at all ; paralyzed , scared . 
 i could n't see anything , but i swear i feel tedd , laying down on me , wondering how this happened , calling for help , but i am perfectly alive . 
 however , i was only alive in my own being . 
 i am chatting away , calling for tedd , telling him that i am alright , but nobody could hear me , except for myself . 
 viii i awake to a big bump . 
 i tumble into the air , then fall back down . 
 something big and hard slams into my head . 
 i snap my eyes open and gasp . 
 a wooden box had hit me . 
 i rub the knot that will soon come to be . 
 who am i ? 
 what am i ? 
 i sit up and look to the locket tied around my neck . 
 it 's still there . 
 right then , i remember everything from before , the sushi restaurant , the restroom , tedd . 
 i look down at my hands . 
 they are not red anymore , i assume , and hope , the same with my face . 
 another bump scares me . 
 i whimper with fear , but not from the rattle . 
 not that at all . 
 i appear to be in a large box , moving very fast , maybe sixteen hundred unimeters per hour . 
 boxes , big and small surround me . 
 there is a large metal door behind me that is locked . 
 i decide not to unlock the door , not knowing what dangers could lay beyond . 
 i am in a vehicle of some kind , i can tell my the speed . 
 it is a lot like the subway , except for the fact that i am alone . 
 the subway , is anything but alone . 
 everything stops moving . 
 boxes come flying at me , but this time i block them with my fists . 
 this time , i am not in paralysis . 
 `` hello ? 
 anyone there ? '' 
 i yell , hoping someone would respond , but yet not wanting anyone to . 
 no answer . 
 i hear a big screech , and then the metal door opens . 
 i throw my hands over my face , and a box is thrown into the air , slammed whatever opened the door . 
 `` oh ... my ... '' i gasp . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i jump behind a box . 
 my hands turn red again , but not nearly as bad as before . 
 anxiety , fear , excitement ? 
 i do not have a clue for what the cause could be . 
 how could i do this . 
 guilt . 
 that must be the cause . 
 everything is okay , everything is okay , i think . 
 but i know that everything is not . 
 i peek out from behind the box and see that there is nobody there . 
 my whole body gets really hot , like a hot flash , only i feel like i need to burn off energy . 
 my heart pumps through me , telling me to run away , to scram and leap for as far a s a being can , but i remain calm , taking all of my energy to . 
 curiosity pushes me to the door , and as i open it further so i can get out , my body takes over and i start to feel the same feeling as i did at the sushi restaurant . 
 this feeling scared me . 
 i do n't usually get scared very often , but this scares me . 
 a lot . 
 i know one thing . 
 i have to stay calm . 
 as i am moving closer to the freedom , a man gets up from the dirt ground . 
 i had never seen him before . 
 `` roman ! '' 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 i scream in fear . 
 `` roman ! 
 it 's me , henry ! 
 you have to follow me . '' 
 `` wha . . 
 what ? 
 i do n't even know who you are . 
 i 'm sorr - '' the man murmurs something to himself , then shoots up an offer . 
 `` listen , do you want answers about it ? '' 
 he asks , pointing to my hands . 
 how could he possibly know about it ? 
 i do n't question him . 
 i immediately jump out of the box , following . 
 henry walks me to the front of the box , this part had seats and cup holders . 
 it looked a lot like the subway , only one of the seats had buttons and levers next to it . 
 `` get in the sub roman , '' henry commands . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you later , there 's no time . '' 
 `` no ! 
 tell me now ! '' 
 i scream . 
 i feel babyish , having a temper tantrum , screaming in someones face . 
 i did not mean to yell at him , it just slipped out . . 
 `` calm down . 
 we are in the corrupt . 
 no man 's land . 
 now quiet . '' 
 the corrupt . 
 it sounds scary , yet inviting . 
 i have never heard of it , but apparently i have not heard of many places . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask , feeling frightened by the stranger . 
 `` i 'm your pal ... henry . '' 
 my life flashes between blinks . 
 i remember now , his face , the worry , the woods , my guardian . 
 i gasp , then reaching out for him . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 i yell , hugging him as tight as i can . 
 `` yeah , yeah kid . 
 come on . '' 
 i stop hugging him to ask an important question . 
 `` what 's happening to me ? '' 
 i hope for an answer . 
 that 's what i need . 
 an answer is just what i need . 
 henry yawns and does n't reply to me . 
 i decide to leave him alone . 
 i still feel the urge to move pumping through me , my hands are still red . 
 i scratch at my hands , not because they are itching , but i can not find any other way to deal with the energy that pumps through me , just begging for something catastrophic to happen just at this very moment , when i am on the way to safety `` ignore your hands , boy , '' henry demands . 
 since he knows more than i did about them , i stopped messing with them , but i could n't resist the urge to wiggle my legs back and forth below my seat . 
 henry takes his attention off of me and pulls a green painted lever and the whole sub starts to shake . 
 then , he presses a few buttons on a keyboard on which the alphabet is laid out on each key . 
 the alphabet on the keys is not the insorian alphabet that i use . 
 i wondered if henry speaks a different language than the people in the destitute zone do . 
 he probably needs to considering that he travels around the zones . 
 after henry was finished pressing the buttons of the alphabet , he pressed a red button and pulled a red lever and the sub started moving . 
 moving faster than when i was in the box part of the sub . 
 i grab the leather seat , squeezing the material as much as i can . 
 the ride is very smooth , though it was very fast . 
 the way that the sub moves along the single rail implanted in the track made me feel relaxed . 
 i lay back on the leather seats and go over the events that have happened . 
 it all seems to be okay things , until i come across the thought of my guardian . 
 my old guardian . 
 he is dead . 
 i will find who killed them . 
 and why this being would do such a thing to bring this much cruelty to me . 
 i wake up to the screeching roar of the sub . 
 i blast out of my catnap , sitting up straight on the surprisingly comfortable seats . 
 the sub was stopping . 
 i fix my hair and look to see that henry is still awake . 
 before i go to look , i hope and pray that he is . 
 i confirm my thought when he pulls a black lever . 
 the large door where i had stepped in , leads me out to the destination . 
 henry follows close behind . 
 in front of me stands tall , a large chrome painted building -lrb- very fancy , in my opinion . -rrb- 
 glass windows lined up in stripes , all the way to the top of the building . 
 i could see the moons ' reflection off the perfectly cleaned glass , i doubt that there is one smear on any of the windows . 
 henry takes a long , white jacket out of the sub and puts it on , slipping it past his shoulders . 
 he then starts to walk towards the building , so my instincts tell me to follow him . 
 i could n't stop wiggling my hands , i was still freaked out about this whole thing a lot , but i ignored most of my feelings now , not on purpose . 
 all that i can think about was my red hands and what is happening to me . 
 i continue to follow henry . 
 the automatic motion door is the wall between the building and the small lot where many subs were ported . 
 i walk in , after henry . 
 the interior is much like the outside walls of the building . 
 everything is painted white , including the pieces of clothing that people are wearing . 
 henry takes me to a small room that branches off of the ` main ' hallway that we are present in . 
 the door squeaks softly , but i hear it as a screech , like a thousand mice , attacking their prey . 
 the lights were off inside the cutaway room . 
 `` roman , put this on , '' henry says in a hushed tone , handing me a white jacket much like his , only mine did not have a name on it . 
 it seems as if he is trying to be secretive . 
 i hesitate , but then obey the order . 
 i took out my bag and pulled out a flashlight to see before i slid the jacket on . 
 my eyes are not very good in the dark . 
 they never have been . 
 i have twenty-five , twelve vision , whatever that means . 
 i take off my hoodie and place it back into my bag . 
 underneath my hoodie , i wear a black tee shirt , which probably has n't been cleaned in awhile . 
 i trust henry right now , so i quickly put the jacket on and put my flashlight back into my bag as henry starts to move out the door . 
 i continue to follow him . 
 the lights that i walk into almost seem to blind me , as if by pupils have never encountered the strange phenomenon that is light , even though they had fought much worse at the sushi restaurant . 
 i wince at the though of it , still keeping in mind tedd . 
 the building is very large , i do n't have one clue what it could be used for . 
 as me and henry walk through the long , rather endless hallways , there are mainly two types of rooms that i see . 
 the majority of the rooms were small , where a person is simply sitting at a desk , looking at a screen , typing on a keyboard . 
 instead of typing on a keyboard , sometimes they were talking into a small device , having a conversation with someone . 
 i wonder how they doing that . 
 the technology of the new days ... there are a couple of rooms that intrigued me , but i am not sure why . 
 these rooms were loaded with equipment and two or three people with masks covering there faces . 
 they stood over a long table one or two of the people held metal tools in their hands . 
 i can see the anxiety in their hands , which are trembling , as well as their faces , with their eyes wide and their eyebrows quivering and tilted up at a forty-five degree angle . 
 one of the people glares at me with such anger and despise that only one who owns true hate can show . 
 i quickly look away and continue following henry . 
 many people stare at me as they pass me by . 
 they look like they are scared of me , or angry with me in some way . 
 this happens a lot while me and henry are walking . 
 i shudder at each person who gives me a nasty stare , or any kind of grim look at all . 
 did i do anything to them ? 
 words themselves can not even explain my happiness when henry stops at a small door , obviously locked tightly . 
 i look up to see a yellow and black striped sign : caution ! 
 authorized personnels only ! 
 i continue to stare at the sign , not daring to look down from the mystery until i have it cracked its code . 
 i am curious , yet freaked out by it . 
 mostly because i do n't know what it is , but i do n't think that i am an authorized personnel . 
 even if i am , how ? 
 i have n't done anything that i know of that would classify me as authorized . 
 maybe henry is . 
 i look down from the yellow and black frame when i hear a click . 
 the door is open . 
 henry walks in , but i just stand there , not knowing what to do . 
 he looks back at me , and i look directly at him , then he looks at me harder , which cracks me . 
 i walk in , cautiously creeping behind henry 's back , so i am not seen . 
 inside the room , many screens scatter up along the walls , in the most ridiculous of patterns . 
 on the glowing pieces of stainless steel , tables and charts filled with data and documents packed with words are shown . 
 i do n't know what they mean , and i do n't really want to anyway , so i take my attention away from them , focusing my mind on the many other `` wonders '' in the room . 
 there were only a couple of people in the very large room , most of them staring at me , instead of turned around in a swivel chair . 
 i try to ignore them , but i ca n't help to look back at the expression on their face , the expression of their body . 
 i analyze it , thoroughly searching for what they could possibly be thinking and feeling . 
 i look down at my hands . 
 the pieces of flesh and muscle are still piercing red , like they were on fire . 
 `` dr. jones ! 
 welcome ! '' 
 a woman 's voice said . 
 a rush of relief comes over me . 
 i turn around to henry , as he walks towards the voice . 
 it lasts for seconds , which feel like minutes going by very , very slowly . 
 dr. jones ? 
 is she even talking to us ? 
 a doctor is the last thing that i would ever expect henry to be -lrb- however , he is wearing a large white jacket , and there are only so many jobs that would allow you to own one of those . -rrb- 
 `` hi , dr. mckensie , nice to see you once again . 
 this is roman , '' henry said moving away so i could n't hide behind his back anymore . 
 i step out of the way , trying to be brave , as i tilt my head down and my eyes looking up , trying to look as desperate as possible . 
 my fake expression drops when i see her . 
 her short blond hair lays down on her shoulders , then coming up in the tiniest of curls . 
 below her bangs , large , rectangle glasses rest upon her face , and back to the arc of her ear . 
 she is about the same height as me -lrb- five feet , six inches ; i think ? -rrb- 
 `` well hello roman , i 'm connie . 
 i have been looking forward to seeing you . '' 
 i look back , about to greet her as she has greeted me , but henry pulls me away for a second , yanking the jacket that i had put on earlier . 
 the look on his face made me think that this was very important to him . 
 he crouches down to get to my eye level . 
 `` roman , follow this lady , she will tell you the information that you want to know . 
 i 'll be right in this room when you come back , '' he says quietly , hushing his tone as much as someone could ever do . 
 `` i will . 
 thanks henry , '' i say , feeling anxiety pile up on my shoulders . 
 henry stands back up , and walks away to a screen and plops into a leather chair . 
 that leaves me , and connie . 
 i turn around to her and look her in the eye . 
 her finger reaches up and bends back and forth , almost pulling me towards her . 
 i follow connie into a much smaller room . 
 there are much less screens and a bed , with layers wax paper piled on it . 
 lots of equipment covers the walls . 
 i sit down on the bed , hoping that i am supposed to . 
 `` so roman ? 
 are you from here ? '' 
 she asks , as she is gathering papers , then finally shuffles them and then sits down in a swivel chair , that looks like the same one that the others outside in the larger room are sitting in . 
 i do not know how to respond to the question . 
 i guess i should tell the truth . 
 `` no , '' i answer simply . 
 `` oh , really ! 
 where are you from ? '' 
 i want to say i live where i was with tedd , but sadly i did n't know where that was . 
 `` the destitute zone , '' i say , and right away her eyes widen a little and i can see by the look on her face that she felt sympathy for me . 
 that sympathy , i need badly . 
 connie is the only person who sees sympathy for me . 
 i do n't see that same look in other peoples ' eyes . 
 she quickly ignores the topic , but i feel as if she still wants to discuss it . 
 `` okay , roman , i am just going to do some simple tests , so you just lay down and relax , '' connie says . 
 she is very laid back . 
 it seemed like stress did n't bother her . 
 relaxing was not easy for me to do . 
 it probably was n't a good thing , but i had n't gotten used to the urge that i have been feeling , so i always shake my hands or feet and ankles . 
 i continued to do this since i could n't help it . 
 eventually , connie notices that i am uncomfortable , in a way . 
 `` everything okay , roman ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i decide to tell her the truth since she might reveal something . 
 `` no , actually . 
 i 've been acting really weird lately . 
 its really ... odd . 
 it only happens at random times - '' `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asks with enthusiasm , probably not caring if she interrupted me . 
 she leans closer , her elbows on her knees , screaming for an answer . 
 `` well , my hands and sometimes my face gets really red . 
 like on fire , burning red . 
 it 's like a really , really bad case of eczema , only its not that at all . 
 but when it does happen , i have a strong , urge , that i need to exert energy , move , run , anything . '' 
 connie does not say a word after i stop spilling words out of my mouth . 
 she has a small relieved look on her face . 
 she takes a deep breath , then opens her mouth to speak : `` okay , roman . 
 since you already know a little bit about what 's been happening to you , i will add to the knowledge that you have . '' 
 i sat up from laying down on the wax paper bed , now my elbows on my knees , my eyes grabbing the information out of her skull . 
 i do n't say anything , because it would boost my excitement level . 
 i wait for her as she pulls down a screen and grabs some little suction cup like objects from a drawer . 
 she walks over to me , sticking them onto my head , and i did n't bother to move them off , the energy in me was going crazy . 
 the screen flashed to life . 
 `` so , i am just going to tear the whole bandage off here , basically this is a normal brain , '' she says as she points to a blue picture . 
 it is fascinating , but nothing compared to the image to the right of it . 
 `` . . 
 and this is yours . '' 
 a large orange picture of a brain shows up on the screen . 
 it looks very different from the first picture . 
 this brain has more veins in it . 
 it also was much larger than the first picture . 
 this is my brain ? 
 `` roman , this might scare you , but do n't worry . 
 there is a certain substance located in your body that gives you this ` energy ' feeling , '' she informs . 
 i lean in even further , begging for more . 
 this is all news to me . 
 i want to say that it was good news , but i do n't think i can answer that yet . 
 `` so your body is most likely having a reaction to this odd substance , causing this . 
 the scientists that have been studying this call it adrenalin . '' 
 adrenalin . 
 the word echoes in my mind , spiraling around the phenomenon . 
 it is odd to know that i am different from other people . 
 i always thought that i am normal . 
 i go inside my head for a second and think how this substance is affecting my brain . 
 i wonder if the adrenalin has been in my body for my whole life . 
 if it has n't , when did i get it ? 
 and why ? 
 i have so many questions to ask . 
 connie eventually points at my hands . 
 `` if i had to make a prediction , you will learn to be very happ - '' henry slams the door open . 
 he does n't make any noise , just grabs my arm and pulls me out of the room . 
 i pull my arm away from him , but he gives me a glare . 
 i choose to cooperate . 
 `` wait ! 
 connie ! 
 , '' i scream , crying for more information on this adrenalin . 
 henry is much stronger than me , pulling me out of the large room , and out into the hallway . 
 he stops for a second , as i freeze , about to load him up with questions . 
 there is no time to . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he says as he 's dashing away , not stopping to tell me anything about what is going on . 
 i was n't taking the chance to lose him again , so i follow him , running as fast as i can . 
 henry is much faster than i thought a fifty year old man would be . 
 i have to remember to trust him . 
 both of us sprint down hallways , back the way we came . 
 i continue to look at the fascinating rooms . 
 they are acting as everything was normal , and so was everyone else . 
 i am the outlier . 
 henry and i sprint out of the building , and onto the drive-in where we walked in . 
 i stop for a second , not because i 'm tired , i am not tired at all . 
 i just had to think for a second , put together all of the facts and all of the information that i have received . 
 henry stops moving as he climbs into the sub . 
 he looks at me . 
 i hesitate for a second , then dash to the sub , and leap in . 
 i pull the door shut , then lock it . 
 i sit down behind the drivers ' seat and glare at henry , not trying to show much anger , but the strong and powerful emotion escapes me anyway . 
 i take a deep breath , and try to relax . 
 i am too stressed out . 
 `` okay , what is this about ? '' 
 i demand , slowly , making sure that he gets all the words processed into his mind . 
 `` they 're here , '' he says . 
 `` who ? 
 who 's here ? '' 
 `` we do n't have time for this , roman ! '' 
 `` who is here , henry !? '' 
 i scream as i look him straight in the eye , squinting a little . 
 `` tedd . '' 
 ix henry breathes in deeply , then out . 
 i do n't think for a second . 
 `` why is tedd here ? '' 
 `` he 's here ... '' another deep breath . 
 `` ... to find you . '' 
 i ignore his answer . 
 there was something more that i wanted to know at the moment . 
 `` how do you know tedd ? '' 
 i ask , now my questions move fast-paced , i feel the energy is starting to take over me once again . 
 `` i used to work with him . 
 here , '' he replies , which kind of shocks me . 
 it seems odd that tedd used to be a doctor . 
 i would n't even try to guess what tedd does for a job . 
 he seems so perfect . 
 i want to be perfect , too . 
 `` of course he 's here to find me . 
 i 'm here sitting in a truck after i blacked out on main street , wherever i was . 
 he is my guardian , supposed to protect me , '' i blurt , just saying whatever sounded right in my head . 
 `` sorry roman , but in the corrupt , nobody has a legal assigned guardian . 
 the government does n't care for the corrupt . 
 also , tedd is not really here to find you , but to take you . 
 to kill you . '' 
 this rattles me all over . 
 i do n't even hear a word out of henry 's mouth until he says this . 
 to kill you . 
 tedd , the nicest guy i 've ever met , and i was just told he was out to kill me ? 
 i could n't believe it for a second . 
 i do n't believe it . 
 but i will have to play it safe . 
 no questions asked , henry pulls the levers that start the sub , and speeds down the tracks we came from . 
 no destination in route . 
 the ride is quite frightening , especially because i have no clue where we are going , and i 'm not sure henry does either . 
 he drives for about ten minutes on the dirt tracks , then drifts onto a speedway . 
 the sub was moving at least ninety kilounits per hour -lrb- twenty kilounits per hour faster than the speed limit . -rrb- 
 i notice that henry had not even out his safety belt on yet . 
 we gain speed , zooming down the speedtrack as the speed throttle was almost as far as it could go . 
 i am done with silence . 
 `` slow down , henry ! '' 
 i shout , not really caring in what order the words come out . 
 all i want is for the sub to slow down . 
 stop . 
 `` i have to keep you safe , '' he says , keeping his eyes on the road . 
 his eyes are bloodshot and hair was in a ` rats ' nest ' . 
 he had probably not bathed in weeks , but neither have i , so i wo n't criticize him . 
 `` just slow down a little . 
 nobody is behind us . 
 it 's only two hours right now , and you should n't be driving , '' i say hopeful , praying that he will slow down , or stop . 
 stop . . 
 he ignores my suggestion though , like i thought he would when i proposed the idea . 
 a siren alerts henry . 
 it is faint , but he hears it . 
 it is as if his ears were already ready for it . 
 his hand reaches for the speed throttle so that it touches the max limit . 
 the sub could not move any faster . 
 at least we will stay at this speed . 
 `` henry ! 
 you need to slow down the freaking ' sub ! '' 
 i shout . 
 i have known since the beginning that henry is a dangerous , shadowy character , but i never thought that things would become this horrid . 
 the sub shakes along with a big crash . 
 i shake in my seat , wondering what in the world the crash was . 
 henry does not get startled . 
 he swifts onto the next track , continuing at the fast speed . 
 maybe someone wrecked the sub ? 
 i start to cry because i am not nearly as courageous as henry . 
 i am scared . 
 `` god damnit ! '' 
 he mutters , swerving through the different lanes of track . 
 he extends his index finger , then slams on a small blue button and lights in front of the sub turned off so the track could no longer be seen . 
 `` henry ! 
 turn the lights back on ! '' 
 i scream . 
 all he does is continuing to swerve . 
 i wonder why he was doing this . 
 if he was trying to keep me safe , why would he put me in danger ? 
 another crash alerts me as well as henry . 
 the windows that protect the side of the sub are now shattered , leaving bits and pieces launched into henry 's arms . 
 i have to do something . 
 i am in danger , and i am not going to die in a sub crash . 
 not here . 
 not now . 
 `` hen - '' `` no ! 
 i said no ! 
 do you want to die ? 
 no , i did n't think so . 
 so trust me god damnit ! '' 
 a tear falls from my eye . 
 it is not because i am sad , but because i am scared . 
 i ca n't show my vulnerability . 
 i wo n't . 
 i unhook my safety belt , then stick my head out the window behind me and and see that there is a large grass patch coming up off the side of the track in about a quarter thousand units . . 
 i know that this is the best thing for me . 
 i turn the lock and pull open the door . 
 `` what the fu - '' i say nothing , but simply , `` goodbye . 
 i hope that i can see you once again . '' 
 i climb to the outside of the sub and shut the door closed . 
 i hang on with dear life to the handle that could open the door again . 
 the grass patch was coming up very very soon . 
 i now grab onto the handle with one limb , the other hand gripping the compass , my compass , as i think , did tedd write that letter ? 
 i let it go . 
 i only think one thing . 
 it repeats itself over and over again in my mind . 
 `` will i survive ? '' 
 there was no way to know yes or no , so i go with yes . 
 my heart races as i come to decide . 
 i jump . 
 x i have never experienced flying . 
 this changes . 
 now . 
 everything is moving in slow motion . 
 i see henry cursing up a storm still sitting in the seat that he was , blood on his face from the glass bits that launched into his body . 
 i ca n't hear him at all , though . 
 i feel bad for what i am doing , abandoning him . 
 i imagine that he is disappointed in me . 
 i think of his guardian , how he/she was murdered . 
 he is just like me , only without being special . 
 i feel the wind pressing up against me as i float in the air , falling slowly to the grass patch below . 
 i have my compass in my hand , the locket is no longer around my neck . 
 the compass will keep me safe . 
 it has all along , and it will now . 
 i turn my body behind me , and see sirens yellow and purple , which i have never seen ever before , and i do n't think i am alone in that vote . 
 they are not the colors of the police department , fire department , or anything . 
 i look down to the grassy patch . 
 it does not like the comfiest grass in the world , but dirt is underneath , which is a lot better than concrete . 
 beyond the grassy patch is a cliff that leads to a canyon . 
 i hold my breath and my chest tightens when i realize that ... i am jumping too far . 
 into the canyon . 
 i cry . 
 shout . 
 nothing works . 
 after i am certain that death would come soon , i wonder why tedd wants me , or if he does . 
 i look down at my hands . 
 same as always . 
 this could be why . 
 the adrenalin . 
 the adrenalin . 
 everything made perfect sense now . 
 the crashes in the sky , my guardian dying . 
 tedd killed my guardian just to get to me . 
 he is jealous . 
 i thought i was jealous of him , but really , he was jealous of me ? 
 i want to cry , bawl , but it is not worth it at this point . 
 i bet the lady at the campsite was talking to tedd before i had n't even shown up . 
 it was n't a guardian transfer camp . 
 it makes me sick . 
 the good thing is , tedd wo n't kill me , because i wo n't let him . 
 i will kill myself before he can have the chance . 
 a fiery burst shoots out of my hands . 
 gravity no longer pushes me into the wonders of death . 
 i am flying , except i do n't know how . 
 i wiggle around for a second , trembling around in the blind air . 
 i scream . 
 nobody is around . 
 i would like to be happy , i am happy , but i am the most frightened that i have been . 
 even more than the time where henry told me that my guardian had been killed . 
 even more than the time where the bombing of 2036 happened . 
 i am even more scared . 
 the sirens have not reached me yet , nor will they ever will , i hope . 
 before i am able to learn to maneuver the blasts , the sirens come closer to me . 
 they are speeding in what looks like mini-subs , faster than henry was ever going on the speedtrack . 
 i do n't know how to use these fiery bursts , but i have to learn . 
 quick . 
 i move my arms out in front of me . 
 i fly back into the canyon . 
 i start to shriek because of the sight of the deep , deep canyon that stands below me . 
 i calm down and put my arms behind me . 
 sure enough , me and the fear that glows off of me hover back to the grassy field where i started . 
 the ringing of sirens stop . 
 it startles me and the blasts that carried me into the sky turn off . 
 i fall about twenty feet and land on my leg . 
 i cry out in pain , but it is have been better than plummeting to the bottom of a deep canyon . 
 at least i fell in grass , and not rock . 
 still , i do n't dare to say anything , even with the pain that curses my bottom limb . 
 tedd knows i 'm here . 
 a sub door slams . 
 `` roman ? '' 
 i recognize that voice from anywhere . 
 i do n't even have to look up from the grass that i am laying in . 
 tedd is here . 
 he is here for me . 
 i have to think . 
 if i try to turn the miracles that came out of my hands on again , i might succeed or fall on my butt again , in even more pain than i am in now . 
 `` roman ?! '' 
 he shouts again . 
 he was getting closer . 
 i stand up and get close to the cliff . 
 he expects me to trust him , he thinks that i think that he is a good person . 
 `` roman ! 
 there you a - '' i stand up , ready for negotiations : `` do n't make a move or i jump . 
 i know why you 're here . '' 
 i watch the look on his face . 
 he smiles and looks like he cares a lot about me . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he says , trying to act stupid . 
 `` i know you want me ! 
 because of what i can do . 
 what i have . 
 henry told me everything . 
 i outsmarted you . 
 i know it , '' i say , starting to get fierce . 
 i wo n't jump off the cliff . 
 unless he forces me to . 
 `` okay . 
 fine . 
 you win . '' 
 he places his hands above his head . 
 i think that he is actually giving up and was going to back off until i hear a whistle tweet . 
 tedd is the one to blow it . 
 about fifty armed soldiers pour out of subs and other vehicles and circle around the grassy patch , surrounding me . 
 his smile grows bigger , closer to the side of his cheeks . 
 without thinking , i run at tedd and launch my fist into his jaw , then forcefully snatching his neck . 
 i lead him close to the cliff that falls into the deathly canyon . 
 he cooperates , even though his alternative is being choked . 
 `` one move and this disgusting man will die , '' i say to the soldiers , in quite a firm tone for me . 
 i continue to clench tedd 's neck . 
 not enough to kill him , but enough so he will be in outrageous pain . 
 the guards do n't move . 
 they do keep their guns up and ready to fire . 
 `` you - '' `` shut up ! '' 
 i yell . 
 i punch him in the gut , using all of my strength to make sure that pain inflicts him . 
 he cries out . 
 i throw him down onto the grassy patch , stomping my foot onto the skin of his quite long neck . 
 the last thing i see is the first thing that i have seen . 
 i look down at tedd , and with all of the pain that i put him through , his smile just wo n't quit . 
 i wonder what makes him so sick , so cursed , to make him come this far , to diminish a poor boys ' life to the even more little . 
 thinking about him makes me more furious . 
 i begin to lead my forceful thoughts to tedd , getting ready for him to free fall into the canyon . 
 but i see one of the guards squeeze the trigger of the large gun that they carry . 
 then , the pain in my shoulder begins . 
 xi `` space and time revolve around me . 
 pain strikes me like getting hit with a metal club against your bare heart . 
 i knew i was shot , but i am not sure where . 
 i could see , but everything was blurry . 
 my sight was bulged with red and orange , probably from all of the blood that poured out of me . 
 i felt pain everywhere , not just where i was shot . 
 the soldiers came around me , disbanding from the circle that was once formed . 
 they looked at me through there such , dark , goggles , only afterward they picked me up and carried me above their heads . 
 it seemed ceremonial . 
 their face masks looked even creepier than before up close . 
 i wondered which one of them had shot me . 
 the camouflage painted van soon came to my vision . 
 i did not like being unaware of things at all . 
 i tried to struggle out of their hands , but it is no use . 
 i can not move . 
 for the part i could see of myself , it was like my hands earlier . 
 red and fiery . 
 the only difference was that everything hurt . 
 stung . 
 badly . 
 the soldiers placed me on the floor in the truck . 
 three of them sat on benches beside me , and the rest of them went somewhere else . 
 did the soldiers know i was awake ? 
 alive ? 
 i notice that the soldiers were having a conversation with each other , but i was too busy freaking out i could n't make out what they were saying . 
 the van started to move . 
 not very fast , a pretty smooth ride and quite relaxing . 
 i had no clue how i could have been relaxed . 
 i thought of the last time i had gone to sleep . 
 i could barely remember it with all that had happened in the past couple of days , or weeks . 
 i tuned in to the soldiers conversation , thinking none else could be done with the useless time in paralysis . 
 soldier 1 : `` so , what did the boss say we are supposed to do with this kid ? '' 
 they did know that i was alive . 
 i continue listening in on their conversations . 
 soldier 2 : `` we 're supposed to run him through one of the mri 's at the main facility . '' 
 mri ? 
 i did n't know what it was , and i did n't want to . 
 i would escape before that could happen . 
 i zone out of their dialogue , and back into my own conversation . 
 i did n't want to hear anymore anyway . 
 since this `` adventure '' started , i have not kept track of time . 
 i only kept track of two ` times ' : day and night . 
 the thought of time made me even more tired as i laid on the cold , metal floor . 
 the tread in the floor felt as if it was cutting into my back . 
 surprisingly , the weak pain felt amazing . 
 drool started to fall from my mouth as i dozed off , and honestly , it was the best sleep ever that i had ever gotten . '' 
 i wake up on a bed , much like the one at connie 's office , but i was not there . 
 wax paper lays under me on the tan , leather bed . 
 i am able to move again , thankfully . 
 i wiggle my hands with excitement , and fear . 
 when the habit forces me to look down at me hands , the sensation continues . 
 my hands were normal , thankfully . 
 i wonder if this whole adventure had all been one big dream . 
 but it would not have been a dream . 
 a nightmare . 
 this deep thought gives me a headache . 
 my body still stings a little , but i can deal with it . 
 i sit up on the bed . 
 the crinkle of fresh wax paper annoys me . 
 as i sit up in the room , i notice that lots of equipment are crammed tightly in the room , which is not that big . 
 where am i ? 
 where did tedd and his people take me ? 
 i hope that none of the `` adventure '' had never happened at all in the first place . 
 what about the blasts that came out of my hands and feet ? 
 i hope that did n't go away , because can really come in handy one day . 
 how am i not dead ? 
 i remember the guards shooting me , how did i survive ? 
 i went through more pain than i have ever been through before . 
 then , an urge sneaks up on me and slaps me on the face . 
 not the same urge , to move , though . 
 i feel the need to explore . 
 if i find out where i am , it will make me a lot less anxious . 
 standing up is challenging . 
 my muscles feel like over heated noodles . 
 only noodles do n't hurt with every move that you make . 
 i wince as the pain in my bandaged shoulder begins its constant work . 
 i try to keep my balance as i get closer to the door , grabbing and holding on to anything i possibly can . 
 the door opens . 
 `` roman ! 
 your awake ! '' 
 he says as he opened the door and closed it again behind him . 
 he holds his stomach hard from where i punched him in the gut . 
 i do not feel bad for him . 
 `` so , roman , how ya doin ' today ? '' 
 he says , so politely i almost could n't tell that he was the meanest being on earth . 
 i ignore him , refusing to answer . 
 i keep the rage on my face , though . 
 i know that he notices it , but i can not tell why he does n't react to it . 
 i ca n't move , thinking i will fall . 
 `` how are you doing today ? '' 
 he asks again , with a threatening look on his face , his teeth smashed together into what looks like one row of teeth . 
 `` well ... '' i start . 
 `` . . 
 i 'll be doing a lot better once i put your eye out ! '' 
 i say angrily as i pounce onto him like a tiger , seeking its prey . 
 the impact of the tiled floor makes his head whip back . 
 laying on him , i grab his neck , this time , ready to choke him . 
 `` listen , you get me out of here right now , and i wo n't shatter your throat . 
 that would be doing you a favor , '' i whisper , firmly . 
 `` roman , you can help me sa - '' i punch him hard in the face . 
 blood peeks out . 
 i do n't wipe it away though . 
 i enjoy seeing him suffer after all that he has done to me that has made me go through . 
 `` get me out of here , '' i say , slowly , making sure he hears all of the words loud and clear . 
 `` i 'm sorry , roman , but that 's not going to happen . '' 
 tedd pulls a gun out of his jacket pocket . 
 i do not have the fastest reflexes in the world , so i can not grab the weapon from him . 
 i stand up in a hurry , releasing him from misery . 
 i stare at the gun , examining it . 
 it is the same gun that i got shot with . 
 i 'm not sure how i am sure of this , but i know that this was the one . 
 tedd was the one who shot me . 
 `` do n't move , roman , '' he says , winking at me with a smile . 
 he blows a whistle . 
 the same whistle that he blew . 
 the same outcome happens . 
 four heavily armed soldiers come pouring in and grab me by the arms , pulling me away . 
 `` i 'm not done with you ! 
 i swear to god , i 'll kill you ! '' 
 i scream . 
 i try to fight the soldiers away , but their combined strength disables me to be free . 
 the soldiers pull me out of the room . 
 three of them aim guns at me , while the other one stares at me , and that is when i notice that these soldiers were the same soldiers that carried me to the van . 
 i know they wo n't kill me , because i have something they want , and they ca n't take it from me . 
 the soldier who does not have a gun pointed closely at my face puts handcuffs around my wrists . 
 they close tightly around my wrists , which hurt them a lot but by now , i 'm used to pain . 
 i even enjoy the pain that is weak . 
 the soldiers escort me down several hallways , guns still pointed at me . 
 if i am to make one sudden move , they would fire , and it would be all over . 
 all of the other citizens look scared when they see me . 
 i do n't blame them at all . 
 blood spattered on my face in all directions , as well as the adrenalin pumping up my skin , i would be scared of myself , looking in a mirror . 
 i memorize the turns of the hallways so i wo n't get lost when i escape . 
 right , right , left , straight , left , straight . 
 that combination could be a matter of life or death . 
 i hope i do n't die . 
 the turns lead me and the soldiers to a room with a very bright light on the ceiling . 
 a chair and a table sit in the middle of the room . 
 a soldier grabs my arms tightly which makes me flinch , and pulls them behind the chair so i have to sit down , and ties a rope in a knot around my wrists and the chair so i am stuck and can barely move . 
 the soldiers stand by the door . 
 even though this is not the time , i decide to have some fun . 
 what else could i possibly lose ? 
 `` you know . . 
 you guys do n't talk much , '' i say in a playful voice . 
 i used to use that voice all of the time when i was younger . 
 `` your interrogation will begin shortly , '' a soldier replies . 
 interrogation ? 
 that freaks me out . 
 i decided not to talk to the soldiers anymore because they might reveal more information that i do n't want to know at the moment . 
 like an execution to go along with the interrogation . 
 i sit in the chair for awhile , my hands hurting from the small diameter of the cuffs . 
 the peace ends when tedd walks in , with a bandage covering half his face . 
 he hair is still shaped perfectly . 
 he continues to hold his stomach tightly . 
 he stands by the table , across from me . 
 it quivers , but his smile is still there . 
 still there to haunt me forever . 
 `` hello , tedd , '' i say . 
 `` do n't say anything unless you 're answering a question asked by me . '' 
 this seems harsh . 
 i start to see tedd 's mean side . 
 i knew that he had one , but he kept it on the inside of him . 
 `` do you know about yourself ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` do you know about yourself , you mindless piece of - '' a hand buried in a heavy black glove comes across my face in a fist , inflicting pain against my jaw . 
 `` do you know about yourself ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you know what you are capable of ? '' 
 this one stumbles me . 
 truly i do n't . 
 `` i would , but you came in trying to kill me before i could receive that information . 
 so that 's your fault . '' 
 i try to get in his face . 
 make him feel the shame that he deserves . 
 he deserves to die . 
 i watch his face crinkle up , in anger , or relief ? 
 `` who told you about yourself ? '' 
 i tried to think of connie 's last name . 
 i could n't remember it though . 
 `` dr. connie . . '' 
 i say . 
 `` . . 
 she told me just before you came and tried to find and kill me . '' 
 tedd thinks for a minute . 
 he rubs his finger against his clean shaven chin . 
 then , his face lights up and his eyes widen . 
 `` oh yes , dr. mckensie ! 
 we used to work together . '' 
 `` used , '' i mumble , trying to insult him . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 he screams at me . 
 another fist slams into my face , this time straight for the mouth . 
 i cry out in pain , then do as he says . 
 `` i also used to work with your good friend , henry . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i do . '' 
 `` do you know what i do for a living ? '' 
 `` besides ruining peoples lives ? 
 no never mind , that 's a full-time job , '' i yell , with rasp in my voice . 
 `` i 'm a scientist . 
 i 'm working on improving humans . 
 improving the world . '' 
 `` and you want me because of the adrenalin that i have , which you want to try and use it on other people , '' i say , trying to get him to realize that i knew all of this before he told me . 
 i knew all of this before . 
 `` please , roman , '' he begs . 
 i have all of the leverage . 
 i am in control of the situation . 
 kind of . 
 my thoughts lead to the up side and the down side . 
 the upside , humans would be faster , stronger , and more efficient . 
 the down side , what if it only works on certain people , and the rest of them , die ? 
 also , if it does work , people could rebel against the government with their new powers , which i would be okay with , but i could n't stand another revolution . 
 i 'm not sure if i want to be experimented on for countless hours either . 
 `` lets see ... i 'll think about it , but if you want any chance of me saying yes , i want to talk to dr. mckensie first , '' i say , trying to gain more leverage than i have already . 
 `` and why should i let you do this ? '' 
 he says , trying to suck up . 
 he knows why he should let me . 
 `` because i have something you need . '' 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 still sucking up . 
 `` adrenalin . '' 
 xii he turns around immediately after the word leaves my mouth , stamping his feet on the ground , turning towards the door . 
 `` thirty-eight , get dr. mckensie on the phone , '' tedd demands . 
 i wonder if the soldiers had names . 
 the soldier without the gun , who i think has a higher rank than the other soldiers , runs out of the room . 
 `` do you work for the government , tedd ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he ignores me . 
 i still think he does . 
 i continue to sit in the chair until my wrists become numb . 
 the ropes squeeze against my wrists . 
 where is connie ? 
 tedd walks over to the table . 
 `` you listen to me you little bastard . 
 if you try to escape in anyway , i swear to god , i will cut your head off myself , '' tedd says as he walks out of the room . 
 he probably went to get connie . 
 that leaves me , and the soldier ; with a gun . 
 i know while he 's gone , it 's the perfect time for me to escape . 
 i can deal with the soldier , but how do i get out of the chair ? 
 i have to think quickly . 
 time is running out . 
 i 'm not sure where tedd went , but he 'll probably get back soon . 
 i think of something . 
 maybe if my hands could shoot fire , maybe they could burn the rope ; and the handcuffs . 
 how did i turn them on , though ? 
 i flex my hands , over and over again , hoping for a huge blast of fire to escape out of my hands , but nothing works . 
 then i think of something brilliant . 
 i was mad when the flames turned on . 
 i have to get mad . 
 i thought of things that would make me mad . 
 tedd , living in the destitute zone , sure these things all made me really mad , but it was n't enough . 
 then , i think of the one thing that made me want to grab somebodies neck and ramble it until it falls off . 
 when my guardian was killed . 
 just the thought of it makes me scream loudly , overflowing with anger , i started to get sweaty as the soldiers stare at me . 
 it was n't enough . 
 then i look to my chest . 
 just a shirt . 
 no compass . 
 that does it . 
 tedd took it , the last thing that i had on him . 
 he made it , though . 
 that ... little ... liar . 
 my hands get really hot , piercing the rope , and the handcuffs . 
 in about half a minute , i would be free . 
 i feel veins nearly popping out of my body . 
 sweat dripped to my face and that 's when the soldier reaches for his walkie . 
 he is probably alerting tedd . 
 i wait for a couple of seconds , basically standing up , ready to fly out of the trap , into freedom . 
 the rope and handcuffs broke and i charge out of the chair . 
 i tackle one soldier to the ground and rip his helmet off , revealing his face . 
 i launch my fist with great force hard against his cheek . 
 i turn around , only to see the other soldier , his gun aimed straight at me . 
 i grab the tip of the gun , snatching it from his hands . 
 i toss it to the other side of the room , then throw him to the ground , punching him as i did to the other . 
 after the blow , my hands press against their chests , piercing skin . 
 blood starts to flow as an indicator for me knowing that they both are hurt . 
 a lot . 
 after i think i have hurt them enough , i grab his walkie , burning it within my hands in a matter of seconds . 
 `` do n't make a move , '' i command . 
 i do n't want to kill him , but he could survive the burn i gave him . 
 i decide to spare him . 
 i want to be simply civil . 
 i swipe the gun from him that he had in his pocket and run out the door , which was oddly enough unlocked -lrb- stupid tedd . -rrb- 
 thankfully i had remembered the turns to leave the building , or to where i was in the first place . 
 left , right , right , left , straight , left . 
 i slid down the hallways , passing by all other people in the building . 
 they probably did n't know who i was , or why i am here . 
 the turns lead me to a hallway . 
 if i choose to run down the hallway to the right , i could see a hallway that eventually , leads to a dead end . 
 if i dash down to the left , i can see a door to the outside world . 
 the paradise , in comparison to what i am in now . 
 of course , i run to the hallway leading outside , to freedom . 
 as i start to run down the hallway , a large voice sounds , echoing all through the building : `` roman ! 
 do not leave the building ! 
 if anyone sees a boy with brown hair , five and a half feet , do not let him leave ! '' 
 i suspect the voice was tedd , even though it is disguised by the speakerphone . 
 of course i do n't listen to him , i run down the hallway and into the room with the door . 
 i am so close . 
 so close to what i have always wanted . 
 as i am about to run out the door , a man stops me with his hand . 
 he has probably heard the announcement that had come on through some kind of speaker . 
 i could n't care less for who it is , so i grab the gun from my pocket and point it at his face . 
 then i realize who the man is . 
 xiii i put the gun back immediately , acting like it was never up against his face , `` roman , what are you doing ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what am i doing here ?! 
 what are you doing here , steve ? 
 i thought that you were dead , that tedd killed you , '' i ask in confusion . 
 i wonder why he does n't look in shock , even with the ridiculous redness on my face and on my hands , which are waving in the air with emphasis . 
 the expression on his face is blank , empty , like nothing is on his mind . 
 `` i 'm here to sign forms for the experiment , '' he says which shocks me . 
 i look at him , raising an eyebrow , and i usually do that for when i do n't like something , so i assume that he knows what that means . 
 `` roman , tedd is a very compassionate man , '' steve says , `` i know about you , roman . 
 tedd will make sure you are safe during the experiment . 
 also , i hope you did n't make me come all the way from the destitute zone just for you , for nothing . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i do n't want to be in the experiment ! '' 
 i yell , pushing past him . 
 he stops me again , grabbing my shoulder . 
 `` roman , you doing a little something for tedd could change humanity forever , '' he says grabbing me by the arm now . 
 i try to struggle away , but steve is much stronger . 
 this is when i have to again look at the upsides , and the down sides . 
 if i participate in the experiments and agree with steve , tedd will experiment on me and who knows what will happen . 
 the only other option is to hurt steve because that is the only way that i will get past him . 
 but steve , the one who raised me . 
 i will get away , but i will never forgive myself . 
 my brain feels like it is twisting in to knots , one by one . 
 i have to make a decision . 
 if i do n't , tedd will find me soon . 
 i pull the gun from my pocket . 
 immediately , steve backs down and gets on his knees , begging , `` roman , roman . 
 it does n't have to be this way . '' 
 `` humanity does n't deserve to change . '' 
 my hand squeezes on the gun . 
 i squint my eyes as i start to cry . 
 i do n't want to shoot him . 
 `` roman , you do n't have to do this . 
 we can work it out , '' he croaks . 
 there is no time for working things out . 
 i pull the trigger . 
 ixv `` sometimes you may think you 've hit rock bottom . 
 that may be true , but you always have the chance to climb back out of it . '' 
 his body lays on the ground . 
 blood piles out of him like a parade , exploding out of the wound that i made . 
 and all i can do is flee . 
 as i run out of the building , i look back to see my guardian , the one who raised me , the one who cared for me , laying on the ground holding his chest , people surrounding him , trying to help . 
 i walk down the streets , crying , sobbing , not knowing where i am , where i am supposed to be , or where i want to be . 
 i do n't want to be anywhere , to tell the truth . 
 my clothes are splattered with blood , blood of my guardian . 
 all i can think is that i have killed my guardian . 
 an innocent man who had done nothing to me , but loved me . 
 after awhile of pacing up and down street the same street over and over again , hiding in the bushes nearby so i can stay hidden from the rescue sub that had come for steve , i come upon connie , or dr. mckensie . 
 she is walking to the building that i was just in , probably to talk to me before the experiment . 
 that will not happen though . 
 i catch her as she is just about walking into the door . 
 i pull her away , not wanting to be seen by anyone . 
 `` roman ! 
 what are you doing here ? 
 you must get - '' `` no . 
 i 'm not participating in the experiments , '' i fire back , knowing how she would finish her sentence . 
 `` i 've been experiencing more of the things . '' 
 i expect that she will want me to say more . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asks , like she is confused . 
 she takes my hoodie off , due to the dirty blood . 
 she does n't ask about it . 
 i will not tell her about steve . 
 i pause , sealing my lips shut best i can . 
 `` roman , you can tell me . 
 there is nothing to be ashamed of . '' 
 i crack . 
 i tell her everything , the burning , the how i broke out of the building , and how i killed him . 
 i do not tell her about the blasts that came out of my hands and feet . 
 that is a secret that one person , one person only should know . 
 she stares at me for awhile , blank faced , almost exactly how steve had looked . 
 only i can tell that there is a lot on her mind . 
 `` come with me , roman , '' she says , walking past the door . 
 i do n't follow immediately . 
 i think and then tell myself , she is really the only one that i can trust . 
 tedd is idiotic , my guardian are dead , and i think henry is going crazy . 
 i decide to follow her . 
 we get into a sub , much like henry 's , only much smaller and lower to the ground . 
 it is something that i have really never seen before . 
 luxury . 
 the vehicle is luxury , no doubt about it . 
 connie looks at me in a funny way because i guess i was stargazing at all of the flashing lights and buttons inside the sub . 
 she laughs . 
 i smile back at her , but do not laugh . 
 i do not think that i will ever laugh again after what happened . 
 a big rumble sounds and then the sub starts to move . 
 i notice that the levers are the same colors as they were in henry 's sub . 
 the sub moves pretty fast , but not as fast as henry was driving . 
 i wonder if he is okay . 
 i pray that he is , because i do n't want to lose anybody close to me for a long time . 
 `` so , do you think these `` things '' are dangerous ? '' 
 she asks , hands still on the throttle . 
 `` yes , that 's why i did n't participate in experiments , because ... '' a pause . 
 then her eyes widen and her expression beams . 
 `` you thought it would be dangerous if other people have it , '' she says like a light bulb had been flickering , and just now tightened to realize the truth . 
 `` yes , '' i confirm . 
 another pause . 
 `` let 's go back to my office , '' she says . 
 `` i have something to show you . '' 
 `` hey connie ? 
 where am i ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the prevalent zone , '' she replies . 
 `` where the common people live , like people who have some money , but not a lot . '' 
 `` okay , thanks . '' 
 we head down the same speedtrack that henry drove me down . 
 it haunts me to think about that moment . 
 how could i have ever done that ? 
 i would never , ever think to do that now . 
 the throttle on connie 's sub was on ; y halfway to the max limit . 
 it makes me feel much more comfortable to be riding with her . 
 eventually , we arrive at the chrome building where i met connie . 
 the same features consist . 
 non-smeared windows , shining glass , people walking in and out . 
 `` well ... welcome back ! '' 
 connie says as we walk in the door . 
 i do n't wear the lab jacket anymore , and i 'm not sure what happened to it or why i was wearing it in the first place . 
 we arrive at her office , after walking through the series of hallways . 
 these i do n't memorize , because i know connie will lead me out of them eventually . 
 the yellow and black caution sign does not bother me this time . 
 walking into her office seems like deja vu to me , except for the fact that henry is n't here with us . 
 i sit down on the bed as i was sitting before . 
 `` so ? 
 you 've been going through more of the things ? '' 
 she asks , sounding like a professional , turning back into the serious version of herself . 
 she chuckles after she says this . 
 i smile , but still , do not and will not laugh . 
 `` yes , '' i say , again . 
 `` is there more than what you have already told me ? '' 
 connie asks as she puts on a pair of her big , round eyeglasses , instead of the rectangular ones that she normally wore . 
 `` actually , yes . 
 it seems in the moment of danger , i seem to have ridiculously fast running speed , '' i reply , which was n't the entire truth because i have not yet actually experienced this , but i felt that i was moving much faster than i could ever move before . 
 `` and also ... there is something else , '' i say , getting ready to sweep some real dust off of my shoulders . 
 i tell her everything that happened in the events that occurred with henry . 
 the jumping , the falling , the capturing , and the flying . 
 she gazes at me for awhile . 
 `` you . . '' 
 she begins . 
 `` . . 
 are a very special child , roman . '' 
 it bugged me that she called me a child . 
 technically , i am , but i am thirteen years old , i think i should be called something else besides a child . 
 being called this makes me feel small , powerless , feeble , and worst of all , tame . 
 i have known that i was special for awhile , ever since i was told about the adrenalin , and i know that it is true when someone says it themselves . 
 i smile at her , this time my teeth showing . 
 i feel like she actually cares for me . 
 i wish that she could be my new guardian , instead of ... `` hey , roman , '' she asks . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` would you mind if i performed some experiments on you ? 
 just some basic scans . 
 i think this ` adrenalin ' is a very interesting topic . '' 
 my eyes dart to her , at first with anger , but then excitement . 
 my automatic answer would have been no , but connie is the only one i can trust . 
 the only one . 
 i have to really think about other people here , not just myself . 
 i might be a hypocrite for doing this , but tedd is a maniac . 
 the slightest smirk appears on my face ; i know i am doing evil . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'd be glad to . '' 
 xv connie has me lay down on the bed , and she straps me down so i could n't get up . 
 this frightens me , but i stays calm and remember that i trust connie . 
 i trust her with my life . 
 `` okay , i am going to test your reflexes , '' she says . 
 i nod , hoping that worry does n't find its way to my face , even though i can feel it inside . 
 she places little suction cups all over me . 
 it is a little bit embarrassing and scary for me since she had me undress before i was strapped down to the bed . 
 she walks over to me and puts a little keypad in my hand . 
 in the middle of the keypad , a large red button pops out , almost screaming for me to press it . 
 i resist , and listen for more directions . 
 `` okay , roman . 
 when you feel a shock , press the button . '' 
 `` alright . '' 
 she went over to a screen and i hear a click . 
 i wait for the shock , frightened because i have know idea how powerful it might be . 
 i am prepared though . 
 i wait a couple of seconds , then a blast of electricity zooms through me , i feel like a rush of energy passed through me . 
 my hand slams on the red button , as it tumbles to the floor . 
 connie makes more clicks using the technology , then she looks at me with a blank face . 
 i look at her , with the same expression . 
 `` how 'd i do ? '' 
 i ask curiously , pushing the words toward her , wanting an answer . 
 `` i will tell you all of your results at the end of all of the experiments , '' she says , sounding more serious than she was before . 
 she pulls off all of the suction cups from my body which stings , but not nearly as much as what i have been through in the past . 
 she gives me a hospital gown to put on , so my naked body is not shown . 
 next , we walk out of her office , straight across the big room outside . 
 everybody is gone . 
 unlike before , people do not sit at the screens , typing away . 
 instead , abandoned chairs lay across the wall perfectly pushed in , as if nobody had sat in them before . 
 when we arrive at the room , the lights are not on , which made everything extremely dark . 
 i could not see two inches in front of me . 
 i wave my hands in front of me just in case i run into anything . 
 connie quickly walks over to a wall and the lights flash on . 
 my pupils barely have time to adjust , again . 
 inside the room , everything is painted chrome -lrb- just like everything else in the building . -rrb- 
 tiles run across the floor . 
 it was mostly empty , except for a large tube in the middle , also painted chrome . 
 i know that this is another test and i also know that i do n't want to do it . 
 i 'm not doing it for me though . 
 i want to help connie , because i can trust her . 
 she sets a clipboard down on a desk not far from where i was standing . 
 there were two `` sections '' in the room . 
 one was the actual room with the large tube in the middle , and the other side was a small zone that had walls of blue tinted glass . 
 lots of buttons and screens are on that side of the room . 
 `` okay , roman , this is an mri scanner , '' she says , still leaving me still to no clue what it is . 
 `` what does mri stand for ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` magnetic resonance imagery . 
 roman , do n't worry one bit , this wo n't hurt you at all . 
 in fact , i myself have had many mri 's in my lifetime , '' she says , coming over with a large plastic bin , filled with a lot of equipment , none i know what it does . 
 `` there are a few preparations that might sting you a little , but you 'll be just fine . 
 trust me , '' she says , placing the bin down on a small table like platform that leads to the mri , which i assume that she is going to pull equipment out . 
 a large syringe like object with a needle sticking out of it -lrb- at least three inches -rrb- comes out of the bin . 
 she comes closer to me . 
 `` put your arm out in front of you . '' 
 i obey her request and extend my arm straight out in front of me . 
 she points the large needle at me , as it slowly floats over towards me . 
 i wince at the pinch of the piercing metal , drilling a hole into my flesh . 
 the second of pain feels like a whole minute , but then it is over . 
 i let out all of the air contained within me , i could move a turbine with the great power . 
 `` would you like some water , roman ? 
 it might make the side effects less noticeable . '' 
 side effects ? 
 had i been drugged ? 
 i hope whatever was put into my body was not harmful . 
 i take the water carefully out of her hand and gulp the liquids down , the clear consistency slithering down my throat . 
 after i swallow , a sense of drowsiness comes upon me . 
 `` roman ? 
 can you lay down on this platform ? '' 
 i do as she says , trying as hard as i can not to fall over . 
 i collapse onto the conveyer belt , my back jerking and twisting from the impact . 
 connie comes over to me and places a full body mold on me , only leaving holes where my nose , mouth , and eyes are . 
 the mold is a light green color , and it is the very opposite of smooth . 
 the scratchy substance rubs upon me . 
 i wish that i could scratch myself to rid of the itches all over me . 
 connie gives me one last smile , but this time , i do n't even give her a smile . 
 then , she presses a few buttons , each corresponding to the same frequency of beeping . 
 the belt of moving leather moves me into the tube . 
 outside of panicking , i see connie as she walks to the other section of the room . 
 i watch her as she talks into a microphone . 
 her voice echoes throughout the whole scanner . 
 `` roman , i 'm going to be right here the whole time , okay ? '' 
 i gulp at the even the thought of breathing . 
 the side effects of the drug that she had injected me with are taking over me . 
 it is hard to control . 
 but i manage to get something out : `` okay . 
 how long is this going to take ? '' 
 i hope for an answer of five minutes or less because i am not in the most comfortable position laying down in an itchy container with a rough surface planted on top of me . 
 `` precisely , twenty-five minutes , '' she replies . 
 i sigh . 
 `` you ready , roman ? '' 
 she asks . 
 more focusing to succeed at speaking , i say , `` i guess . '' 
 she pushes one of the many buttons in the room , then makes a few clicks on a screen , and i a loud noise sound and i move slowly deeper into the tube , or scanner , as i should call it . 
 the belts , and me halt to a stop when i reach about the end of the tube . 
 it is very bright , and i have to squint when i open my eyes . 
 after about a minute the noise gets louder which gives me a raging headache , which i ca n't ignore no matter how hard i try . 
 i ca n't tell over the headache , but i think a large groan escapes me . 
 the side effects do n't bother me , the noises keep me awake and alert as i could ever be . 
 on top of the occurring buzz , some louder sounds come in with little beeps , at intervals of about two seconds . 
 this annoys me even more the buzzing did , but i am so scared that i could n't care less about an annoyance . 
 i start to feel weird after about ten minutes of the scan . 
 it feels like electricity flowing through me , fast . 
 i am uncontrollably shaking and i feel like the life is escaping out of me itself . 
 i thought this was normal for the mri to be doing this , but then i thought , `` i 've felt this before , '' i 've felt this before . 
 but what is it ? 
 then i know and gasp at the picture in my mind . 
 the orange , large , infectious picture . 
 i feel the adrenalin . 
 xvi i feel the adrenalin . 
 it 's all i can think about . 
 i feel the adrenalin , i feel the adrenalin , i feel the adrenalin ! 
 i am panicking . 
 full out panicking . 
 sweat beads start to form on my face , i can feel everything in my body . 
 i feel my blood pumping , my lungs expanding . 
 i try to think of this as a good thing : maybe it will help the testing if i feel the adrenalin now . 
 maybe it 's a good thing . 
 maybe this will help figure out what the adrenalin is , and how to get rid of it . 
 i remember what is it that i need to do . 
 staying calm is a challenge , as it was when i felt the adrenalin before . 
 my body continues the shaking `` stay calm . 
 stay calm . 
 stay calm , '' i think . 
 i ca n't resist to the power of the adrenalin . 
 my whole body is in tremors ; i can not stand to not being able to move . 
 it seems that if adrenalin pumps through me than blood . 
 i hear the loudspeaker . 
 `` roman ! 
 are you okay ? 
 try to stay still , it 's not over quite yet , '' connie calls , which reveals that she has no clue that i am uncomfortable . 
 i am more than uncomfortable though . 
 i am irritated , stressed , pained , strained , and anything else that could mean disoriented . 
 i wish to reply and say what i feel , but i can not even think to do two things at once , even if she could hear me . 
 my brain feels like a glob of nothing , absorbing the adrenalin . 
 the adrenalin is taking over me . 
 i realize that i have to alert connie . 
 i can not stay here any longer . 
 the face mask is bolted to the cart , even though it did n't seem that she bolted it when it was placed on me . 
 i am stuck here . 
 my body continues to be in tremors , large explosions blasting in my chest . 
 it is so much pain , i ca n't stand it . 
 maybe the adrenalin could help me escape ? 
 if the adrenalin made my hands burn other things , why could n't my hands burn the face mask ? 
 after all , it is plastic , i think . 
 if they were burning , i could burn through the whole scanner if i wanted to . 
 i could focus on my hands . 
 all i had to do is stop moving , and focus . 
 everything stops . 
 the noises stopped . 
 was i in relief , or horror ? 
 i wait for a couple of seconds then come to see connie , in obvious horror . 
 she rushes over to the scanner , presses a couple of buttons , then the conveyer belts rushes me out of the tube . 
 `` roman , what happened in there ?! '' 
 she asks , prying off the full body mask , with the help of the screwdriver . 
 i knew then that nobody wanted that to come off during the procedure . 
 i step out of the cart , and she sees what happened . 
 she sees my sweaty face , the worried look on my face , she sees that . 
 she also sees something else . 
 something else far more important than sweat . 
 more important than feelings . 
 she knows what she sees . 
 i can tell . 
 she does n't say anything at all , all she does is nod her head , back and forth . 
 i see many things in her emotions , but the one thing that sticks out to me is her excitement . 
 i can feel that she is excited , even though that she does n't show it . 
 `` i 'm scared , connie , '' i say , telling the full-out truth . 
 i did not think this through . 
 i simply spoke my mind . 
 `` i know , roman . 
 there are many reasons that you may be scared in this situation . 
 do n't worry . 
 we will find what is going on with you , '' she says , her big eyes stare down at me , which makes what i am about to say a little more difficult . 
 `` no , connie . 
 you do n't understand . 
 i am scared ... '' i take a large breath . 
 it scares me even more just to say it . 
 i know that there is no way that i can escape it . 
 `` ... of myself . '' 
 you may think that being scared is hard , but overcoming your fears is even harder . 
 the only thing that is harder than that is the feeling of having no fears at all . 
 i stand in the scanner room next to connie . 
 i ca n't see normally . 
 my sight is bulged with red and orange , fiery almost . 
 i wonder what connie is thinking . 
 my sight is not the only thing that is n't working normally . 
 my ears hear a ringing that has a constant sound . 
 like the doorbell that i heard at his house when the man , mr. jones , reminded me and him of education . 
 i wonder how long it has been since then . 
 days ? 
 weeks ? 
 months , even ? 
 connie stands there , looking at me . 
 she sees that i am uncomfortable , and i could n't care less . 
 i glare down at my piercing arms . 
 `` i am scared of myself ; i am dangerous . 
 i am scared of myself ; i am dangerous , '' i repeat . 
 i have to keep everyone save , because of one thing . 
 the adrenalin is taking over me . 
 i ca n't stop it . 
 xvii `` i have to leave , '' i mutter . 
 connie gets an anxious look on her face as the words come out of my mouth and twirl around her head , but then she looks angry . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asks , starting to get the anxious look back on her face . 
 i continue the nasty look on my face . 
 `` i have to leave ! 
 it is not safe for me to be here with you ! '' 
 i scream . 
 `` please stay here for the rest of the experiments , roman . 
 the world is not safe for you , roman ! 
 you could go mad , or hurt many people . 
 you do n't understand what you 're capable of ! '' 
 she says , firmly . 
 she was trying extremely hard to convince me not to leave . 
 `` i already am mad ! 
 look at me ! 
 i ca n't even stand still , not to mention the fact that i killed almost five people ! 
 it 's not safe for me to be here either ! 
 tedd will probably bust down your door , looking for me . 
 he will kill you if you know where i am . 
 he will . '' 
 i reply . 
 i feel the need to just scream at very top of my lungs . 
 to let all my anger out , roaring in the middle of a large field , is the least that i deserve . 
 my life has been ruined in the past couple of days . 
 all because of one person . 
 one person that brings the most strong despair to my life at the thought of his actions , and that inferior smile . 
 i run out of the room in my hospital gown , into connies ' office and grab my hoodie and my bag . 
 i put it on , quickly , then strap my bag on , then i fly out the large door , down the stairs , down the hallways , not even caring enough to see if people are still staring at me , and out of the building . 
 nobody in the lobby even caught a glimpse of me . 
 i run out the door . 
 it painfully reminds me of the building that tedd had me in earlier today . 
 where i shot my guardian . 
 tears drip from my eyes as i look back and remember the sight of him , laying in pain , on the ground . 
 it is all my fault . 
 the tracks that i run on are like my hometown , only asphalt . 
 i run down the track , not even caring if there is anybody walking ; they probably would n't notice me anyway . 
 the thought of steve makes me want to punch myself in the gut , making sure that i suffer the worse than he did . 
 i clench my fists , trying my hardest to not resort to violence . 
 violence is never the answer . 
 unless the people who are being given violence deserve it . 
 i find my way to the same speedtrack that tedd found me and henry on , interstate twenty four . 
 it was already dark out , and i would have been exhausted by now , if it was n't for the adrenalin , giving me stamina and speed . 
 the adrenalin inside of me gives me astonishing power , that no other being could ask for . 
 i finally realize that i should enjoy this power , and make good of it , instead of being scared of it . 
 but there was one thing . 
 one thing that i was done with . 
 tests . 
 i am not an experiment , even if i am special . 
 even if my guardian himself came back to his living self and wanted to perform them on me . 
 no . 
 i walk until the sun rises , then i stop and take a breather because i start to get a tired . 
 a couple of hours back , i had taken a merge off the speedtrack . 
 the sign that led me to it read prevalent zone 13 . 
 on top of being tired , a mighty beast of hunger pounded on me . 
 i had n't eaten since the tasty curly snack , with him . 
 the sandwich with him . 
 i remember the berries and nuts from even before that . 
 they tasted amazing . 
 the thought of food pains me inside and i could n't live with it . 
 my hands still bleed with adrenalin , as well as anger , they are clenched with both , not letting go . 
 most of the time in my life , i had enough food so i would n't starve . 
 right now , i 've past the limit of starving . 
 at this point , i was on the verge of dying . 
 xviii the pain of dying is worse than the pain of being dead itself . 
 - i know that . 
 i feel lots of pain in my stomach and i know that i have to get food soon . 
 i walk down many tracks , double-tracks , and quad-tracks . 
 it puzzles me why there are not many people on the streets . 
 it confuses me because everyone i see walking along , seems like they are having the best time of their lives . 
 for the things that have happened to me in the past couple of ... , i do n't think it is even possible for me to think of peace . 
 to think that life is considered a good thing . 
 i continue the painful walking until i come across a rundown building . 
 all of the windows are boxed with wood . 
 the building was not very big , and the building made me think of my last day at the school . 
 we were learning about the three needs of life : food , water , and shelter . 
 i speculate these three things . 
 i have zero out of the three . 
 i think automatically . 
 the building will provide me shelter . 
 this building will help keep me alive . 
 i run across the four lane track to the other side of the street where the building is located . 
 i run as fast as i can , as if there was a feast laying in front of the building , to give me whatever it is that i need . 
 as i am crossing the next street , a red sub -lrb- actually identical to henry 's , even at first i call for him , but then i realize it is not him because a small white symbol is painted on the front of the sub : the symbol of the government -rrb- comes zooming down the street , i 'm guessing much faster than supposed to . 
 i dash across the remaining of the distance , and have to dive in order to not get hit by the larger object . 
 my face smashes into dirt . 
 the adrenalin saved me . 
 again . 
 i get up from the ground , only to see that the red sub had stopped . 
 i am not looking for trouble , so i quickly run to the building . 
 i still try not to resort to violence . 
 violence is horrid . 
 i look back to the red sub and see that nobody has gotten out . 
 the truck is stopped simply on the road . 
 i bang and bang on the door , but it is boarded up with wood that i can not break . 
 that is one thing the adrenalin does not give me : strength . 
 someone gets out of the sub . 
 i did n't know who it was , all i heard was a sub door slam . 
 i press on the door hard , seeing that the boards were starting were starting to burn , but far from perishing . 
 `` hey kid ! '' 
 i press harder . 
 i know the adrenalin will save me either way , but i did not want to fight this guy . 
 i wo n't fight anyone . 
 not again . 
 `` kid ! 
 what do you think you 're do - '' fear crawls up on me , seeking the violence hidden deep within me . 
 i dash up to him , tackling him to the concrete ground , then smash his neck onto the steps . 
 i press my hands against his chest , until i see the burning of his heart . 
 he falls to the ground , twitching rambunctiously . 
 i fall to my knees as i see him dying . 
 i ca n't stand to know that i killed someone . 
 this was n't the first time that i could n't stand to know something . 
 i feel like i am dead . 
 no food , no water , no heart . 
 i have killed people . 
 i am being hunted . 
 i will die , before old age . 
 i forget about everything that i did in that time , and busted through the door to the building , using anger and sadness , no strength at all pieces of wood slit my arms , revealing blood , but all i can focus on is staying alive . 
 i do n't pull the wood out . 
 inside , everything is one big room . 
 no furniture , no windows . 
 it is frightening , haunting almost . 
 no light travels in the building , making the feeling of something crawling up behind me even worse . 
 to start , i find a piece of wood lying on the ground , held it up , and placed my hands near it . 
 sure enough , it caught fire , which startles me , the ashes flying out of the piece of nature . 
 i carried it around with me , so i could see the building more clear . 
 a smile appears on my face . 
 it is almost as if something had gone my way for once . 
 for once . 
 i finished my shelter need . 
 two to go . 
 i place the torch on the ground , hoping for my life that the building will not catch on fire . 
 i walk out of the building on the search of food and water . 
 i turn around i walk onto a street in which the building is on . 
 a street sign reads elm avenue . 
 i turn left on elm and stop . 
 beyond me , many shops and houses lay and the streets are packed with people , and happiness . 
 i figure that the food in at least one of the shops , out of the many . 
 i walk to the nearest building to me on the side of the road that i am on , as it labels , mike 's general store on a very large sign . 
 i am about to open a door to mike 's when i realize that my face has the adrenalin look as well as my hands . 
 i did n't want questions , they would eventually lead me back to him . 
 to resolve this , i pull my hood over my face tightly and walk in . 
 i do n't cover up my hands at all . 
 i could n't care less . 
 i was right . 
 shelves of items including food and beverages fill the store . 
 i gasp in relief . 
 i grab a basket from the pile next to the door to carry energy that i hopefully will purchase . 
 i walk over to grab stuff that i will get , then run into another problem . 
 how in the world will i pay for this ? 
 i grab my bag immediately as i think of this . 
 i drop it on the floor , prying open the small , beat up pouch . 
 after searching through everything i have ever owned , my total in money is thirty-four bolts , which to be honest , i have no clue where i got it . 
 thirty-four bolts , however , is barely enough to buy two loafs of bread . 
 since money is limited , i think quality over quantity . 
 i use the snapped strap to attach the bag back over my shoulder , keeping the small amount of money squeezed tightly in my hands . 
 i scan the hallways , looking for the food with the most amount of protein ; so i wo n't have to eat as much . 
 i find many things that i would love to eat , turkey breast , salmon fillet , and pasta , but i ca n't afford them . 
 then i find something : cheese . 
 i know that cheese contained lots of protein , and it was n't that expensive either . 
 i took three of the largest blocks of cheese off of the shelf and placed them into the basket . 
 altogether , the cheese would be fourteen bolts . 
 i need a beverage . 
 i was thinking of juice or milk , since i had only gotten to drink those on occasions , and i love the taste of both of them , but water was only five bolts for a gallon . 
 i grab two gallons of water and placed them in the basket along with the cheese . 
 i save ten bolts for emergency , just in case i need them . 
 now that i was finished , i walk up to the register , and swipe my items . 
 then , i place the bolts in the collector and press the button labeled pay . 
 a little piece of paper comes out of a slot . 
 it did n't seem important , and i had no clue what it was , so i shoved it in the bottom of my bag . 
 i walk out of the store , smiling on the inside , not on the outside . 
 there are still many things that ruin my life , but it is really good knowing that i will live long enough . 
 long enough to kill tedd . 
 ixi i walk back to the building , and walk through the opening in the door . 
 eventually , i will have to board it up again , and find another way in . 
 i ca n't risk people coming in . 
 that would put me in danger , and more importantly , they will be in danger . 
 of me . 
 i 'll cross that bridge when i come to it , though . 
 coming to another problem tears me to pieces . 
 the cheese will grow spoiled and bad if it stays in a warm zone . 
 i have to explore and hopefully find a nice cool place to put the cheese but first i will eat . 
 i tear open the cheese package as i sit down criss-cross on the wooden floor , which looked like there had been a large fire in this building before i had `` claimed '' it . 
 i grab the water and chug a quart or two . 
 i have to be careful on how much cheese i eat . 
 i break one block of the cheese in half , and then in half again , and shove the remaining of the cheese down my throat . 
 for the part that i did taste , it was mind blowing to my taste buds . 
 even though i was still hungry , i put the cheese back into the grocery bag . 
 this is challenging , to not eat when i was hungry . 
 i glug a few more sips of water , then i set the bag down on the floor and go to explore the building more . 
 the building is n't that big . 
 next to the big room i was just in , there were two smaller rooms . 
 both completely empty . 
 in one of the rooms , a passage way led to a staircase , mostly broken down . 
 i went down the staircase , having to hop down two or three steps at a time , because most of the stairs had fallen down . 
 the passageway leads me to a fairly large room with a huge door leading across one wall . 
 i walked over to the door , and saw that there was a flashing green button near it . 
 out of curiosity , i push the button , and immediately hear a loud buzzing sound . 
 the door is opening . 
 outside of the door , there was a very small track leading back to the road which i came from , and straight in front of me , an immense forest stands . 
 i stare at the forest , my mouth wide open , tilting my head so that i can see the tallest tree . 
 i run away to the first room i was in . 
 an idea floats up to my brain . 
 i shall implement it . 
 i fly up the stairs and sprint into the first room . 
 i grab the food , and the torch that i had made , which was still burning strong , and run back down to the room with the big door . 
 another thing in my life goes my way . 
 hot glue . 
 sitting on the floor in front of me , waiting to be used , by anybody , anything . 
 i pick up the bottle of hot glue and stick the torch to the wall , along with two more that i manage to make out of other pieces of wood , just begging to be used . 
 i walk back to the green button , and close the large door that kept me from the outside . 
 while it is closing , i notice a single track laid out in the center of the room , as well as the small track outside . 
 it was time to train . 
 train . 
 xx i sit on the concrete , cold floor , meditating . 
 the coldness does not bother me , neither the texture of the grit in the rough gravel . 
 everything around me is quiet and still , except for the orange flames that come out of the torches . 
 ashes pop out of the piece of wood , helping me stay calm and complete . 
 meditating is hard . 
 especially with the adrenalin . 
 i try my hardest to stay still , and do one thing at a time , one thing only . 
 in and out . 
 after about thirty minutes of deep breaths , in and out , the objects around me start to bulge red , just had they done earlier , after the scan . 
 after i ran away from the one person who could help me . 
 i know what the bulging red is , and what its cause is . 
 the adrenalin . 
 connie had told me about this , she never warned me , so i think of it as a good thing . 
 to have these powers , it was in fact , a good thing . 
 i lose track of time . 
 my world starts to swirl around me as i sit there still . 
 i am falling through a trap door that leads to a wormhole , taking me to another place . 
 the color red flashes on and off in my sight , frightening me . 
 i would wake myself up , but i have no idea how . 
 it gets to the point where i ca n't go for much longer , but i can not wake myself up . 
 i panic , imagining myself to be shaking , in tremors , but i feel no movement at all . 
 i feel nothing . 
 everything is quiet . 
 again . 
 when i awake my cheek lays flat on the concrete.i still focus on my breathing . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 i sit up from the `` dead '' state that i was in for the past ... time . 
 i do n't worry about the time . 
 i need to learn to activate my powers , to protect me , or to attack . 
 i stand up , and look at my hands . 
 small active flames spark from them . 
 i do not feel any pain from the fire . 
 phenomenal . 
 i flex my hands , bringing them out in front of me . 
 i move slower , feeling dizzy , as i start to see my hands on fire . 
 embers spark , which make me flinch my hands , i put all of my focus into my hands , i start to sweat , i can feel the flames in my hands , they are just trapped within the flesh . 
 embers spread farther down my arms , to the point where my clothes start to catch on fire . 
 thankfully , they do n't . 
 then they release . 
 the flames smash out of my hands , and my chest tightens , as i keep them lit , starting to feel weak . 
 i fall to my knees , and then my hands , and now arms , slowly turn back to the normal state , red and fiery . 
 i stand right back up . 
 i flex my hands , doing the same motions , trying to ignite the flames that came from my hands again . 
 sweat downpours from my hair , onto my face , my eyes start to water , then the embers come , just as they did before . 
 i am trying as hard as i can to keep the embers awake . 
 the flames do not burst though . 
 i struggle for about a minute , then i relieve all of the pressure that once entered my body , as i collapse onto the ground , laying there , as i feel the disappointment of failure . 
 i lay there for awhile , then close my eyes as sleep comes crashing down on me . 
 i am conscious . 
 i am sleeping . 
 but i am awake . 
 i see the insides of my eyelids , as i sit there , in paralysis . 
 i am unable to wake up , no matter how hard i try . 
 i am stuck , in my sleep . 
 i lose track of time again . 
 i am conscious again . 
 i know that i am sleeping , same as i did earlier . 
 i am freaking out . 
 i awake to a loud rumble . 
 i sit in a chair , fairly large . 
 a white jacket secures me tightly so i can not move . 
 i shake my body uncontrollably . 
 i exhale all of the air that had ever been contained in me . 
 i look up from staring into my lap . 
 i am in a small room with weapons sitting on racks on all four walls , as well as the ceiling . 
 guns , knifes , and some things that i have never seen in my life before . 
 another rumble . 
 it sounds like the ceiling will crash down . 
 `` hello ?! '' 
 i call . 
 nobody answers me . 
 `` hello ?! 
 is anyone there ? 
 help me !! '' 
 i scream , hopeful that someone like henry or connie will come running through the door in front of me , that they will save me from this mystery of misery . 
 anxiety takes over me until the door to the room opens . 
 the person in front of me is not henry , nor connie , nor anyone i know . 
 an armed man with a full body suit , looks much like a swat team , walks in , and stands next to me . 
 `` your execution will begin now , '' the man says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask firmly . 
 `` of course , i will not be doing the performance . 
 he will be here in a minute , '' he says , oddly enough with a chuckle . 
 psychopath . 
 it was odd how he referred to the execution to a performance . 
 he aims the gun at me as another man walks into the door . 
 tedd . 
 my mouth is wide open as he walks over to me . 
 `` hello , rom - '' `` shut up ! 
 do n't act all nice . 
 inside , you are a no good piece of shit ! '' 
 i scream , trying to gain control over him . 
 i do n't apologize for my foul language , he deserves it . 
 i just notice that i am sweating , more than i ever have before . 
 more than i was when they released . 
 the sweat droplets spill onto the floor , creating a small puddle on the blacktop . 
 tedd glares at me as he walks over to one of the walls and grabs two knifes . 
 i start to cry . 
 `` you ca n't do this to me ! '' 
 i yell , all of my anger exploding out of me , charging for him , but my anger is too weak . 
 he ignores me . 
 he thinks that he can do this to me , that he has the right to . 
 he brings the knife closer , and i try to struggle away , but the chair is bolted to the floor . 
 i am bolted to the chair . 
 a slit across my face sparks , as blood waxes and spills onto the floor . 
 the tears add to the puddle of blood and sweat on the ground . 
 the pain in my left hand strikes with such great force as the knife enters my body . 
 i cry out . 
 spit slobbers out of my mouth and onto the floor , i feel destroyed . 
 tedd won . 
 he holds his other knife up , and stabs it into the back of my right hand . 
 i have never experienced this much pain in my entire life . 
 i ca n't do anything about this , he has all of the control . 
 my neck is bent over my chest , with my hands beside me , tied to the metal chair , they spewing out blood , as the pond of body liquids turns more red than clear . 
 i tilt my head up to watch , as he grabs a third knife from the ceiling , this one much larger than the two before , which he had stabbed into both of my hands . 
 he walks behind me , and pulls the knife next to my throat . 
 he starts to pull , i can feel the blood creeping out when i ca n't breathe any longer , but then i feel nothing . 
 nothing at all . 
 i see one thing , wrapped around his neck . 
 a compass . 
 my compass . 
 not his . 
 mine . 
 i wake up covered in sweat on the floor that i fell asleep on . 
 a headache follows me as i stand up from my doze . 
 i have to catch my breath for some reason . 
 i walk over to the bag of groceries and drink gulps and gulps of water . 
 the liquid refreshes me , which is exactly what i need right now . 
 i do not know what time it is , same like i have for the past couple of weeks , or months . 
 i press the little flashing green button and the door opens . 
 i am not taking a break from my training . 
 i walk over to the forest that lays in front of me . 
 the forest reminds me of happiness , i 'm not sure why . 
 i focus on my hands . 
 they seem to spark easier this time . 
 i do n't have to try as hard , which is fine by me . 
 i press my hands firmly against the nearest tree . 
 after about ten seconds , i can see the tree perishing , burning to ash . 
 i know not to burn too much of the tree , a result of it falling . 
 the burn is extremely effective , which i enjoy . 
 i am able to control my adrenalin powers . 
 now i have to learn how to fight . 
 xxi i find a small yet thick tree in the forest , not too deep in at all . 
 i spark the embers again , and burn the tree down , leaving a large log in front of me . 
 it is light enough that i can lift it and carry it back to the building . 
 i need some rope . 
 i do n't want to even try to make rope , so i will buy some i have ten remaining bolts . 
 i will look for rope . 
 i am okay on food and water , since i have decided that i wo n't be here much longer anyway . 
 i run up the small track that leads back to elm avenue , and i look for a shop that would carry rope . 
 i try the shop i was in earlier . 
 i look in all of the aisles , but no rope was to be found in that shop . 
 i walk further down elm and walk into a couple other shops that could possibly sell rope . 
 nothing . 
 then i come to a hardware store . 
 i figure that they must have rope in there . 
 so i walk in casually , with my hoodie , my bag , and my hospital gown . 
 the hardware store is like the shop i was in first , with much more for sale . 
 i walk up to the desk where it looks like i can be helped . 
 `` do you sell rope ? '' 
 i ask the lady sitting in a chair . 
 `` yes we do , young man . 
 you will finds many different types of rope in aisle fourteen , '' she replies . 
 `` thank you , '' i nod as i walk away . 
 i find aisle fourteen , in the very back of the store . 
 there , sitting in that aisle , are different shapes and sizes of ropes . 
 i examine each one . 
 i want something long , but not too long . 
 thick material would be nice . 
 i find the perfect rope . 
 twenty feet of sturdy rope . 
 it costs seven bolts , which is almost all of what i have . 
 for the cause , i think that it is a great deal , even though i will be even more broke after the purchase . 
 i walk back up to the lady at the desk and lay the rope in front of her . 
 her eyes stare into my soul , pulling me out of myself . 
 `` i 'd like to buy this , '' i say , calmly , trying as hard as i can not to draw attention to myself . 
 she zones out , then `` wakes '' herself up , shaking her head . 
 `` okay . 
 is your guardian here with you ? '' 
 she asks , which catches me off guard . 
 i take as much time as i can , then she waves her hand in front of my face . 
 `` umm ... '' i start , trying to think of anything . 
 i ca n't say my guardian are dead , because she will call the government , and they will say that my guardian is tedd , which is true , but i hate his guts . 
 his dead , slimy guts . 
 i see that she had already scanned the items , so i knew that all i had to do was pay for them . 
 nervously , i slam the seven bolts onto the desk , take the rope , and dash out of the hardware store . 
 as i am running , i look back and my eyes focus on her , straight in the eyes . 
 she sees my face . 
 i can tell . 
 my burned , adrenalin face . 
 i gasp with relief once i know that the lady wo n't come after me anymore . 
 i run back to the building , and right into the room with the big door . 
 i am lucky because none of the food or water was touched by bugs and/or other animals . 
 i should be more careful the next time i leave . 
 i take the rope out of the package , and toss it on the floor . 
 after moving the log that i obtained before i got the rope , i tie the rope to two things : a pipe running along the ceiling of the room , and the log . 
 i make sure that it is secure nice and tight , and then i go back to the forest and find a log just like the other one . 
 thankfully , it is not that hard to find at all . 
 i drag it back to the room , and tie the remaining rope to another hook and the log . 
 i stand back to look at it . 
 now i shall learn to fight . 
 i hit one log with my fist . 
 the pain is not as much as i had expected . 
 it swings back to one wall , then comes back even faster than i hit it . 
 it slams at me hard in the stomach . 
 i fall to the ground . 
 i groan , but get back up , urging to try again . 
 my stomach is in lots of pain , but i must continue . 
 i hit the log again , and this time when it comes at me , i duck under it , diving on the gravel . 
 the gravel scrapes against my leg , which bleeds horribly . 
 i scramble to my feet to get back up , and when i do , the log hits me smack in the face , forcing me to slam onto my back . 
 i lay on the ground for awhile , then i realize that the same thing will happen unless i use something . 
 something that no other human has , i think . 
 the adrenalin . 
 i sit on the ground , `` indian style '' , meditating , as i was earlier , except in more pain . 
 i feel the pain , but it does n't hurt at all . 
 my location is the top middle side of the room , so i can focus on both of the tied up logs . 
 all of my focus is on the logs . 
 in hindsight , somebody could right now sneak up behind me and i would never notice . 
 i watch the shape of the logs , as i flashback to the moment where they had hit me . 
 the pain . 
 the cuts . 
 i watch the logs as they swing back and forth . 
 back and forth . 
 back and forth . 
 across my being . 
 i stand up , to try again with the logs . 
 not only will i try , but i will succeed . 
 i ball my fists and face the log . 
 my right fist launches forward as if an isolated rocket ship , shooting toward destiny . 
 the pain in my hand is not as bad as it was the time before , since i knew what was coming . 
 i see it move back to the wall in front , then i focus on it and as it is coming back to me , i bring my hand out in front of me , and defend myself from the swinging projectile . 
 my hands are n't as strong as i would like to be , i look down at them and they look like they could start to bleed at any minute , they sting , and look more red than they have ever been . 
 they look like they are bleeding , but they are as dry as ever before . 
 i hit the log again , and the same thing happens , i hit it hard with my hand , with a tear coming from my eyes . 
 i am not sad , yet in so much physical pain that it ca n't be explained . 
 i know right away that i made a mistake hitting it as hard as i can . 
 it comes back to me in high speeds , but i see it moving in slow motion . 
 i see it flying towards me . 
 the action of bringing my foot up against the log does n't come until the projectile is at less than two or three inches away from me . 
 most of my life , i have walked bare foot everywhere -lrb- including the time ever since i woke up on the bed in that building , -rrb- so the impact of the log hitting my foot was not nearly as bad as the log hitting my hands . 
 my foot slams into it at an angle , so it swings to the right and smashes into the other log . 
 both logs come at me with speed . 
 the motion of slowness does not come this time , yet the logs seem to be coming faster at me than i hit it . 
 i drop to the floor and dodge both of the logs . 
 i did not want to be whacked on any part of my body . 
 i do n't want to stand up , but my feet push me up from the concrete , forcing me to continue . 
 forcing the excitement to grow larger . 
 i obey my feet and continue the method of hitting and blocking until i can barely move . 
 the pain is so excruciating , it was as if all of my bones had been twisted at one-hundred and eighty degrees . 
 i look down and see that my hands bleed from the wood , as well as many splinters are launched into my skin . 
 i can sense that the sun has gone down . 
 it is a feeling of cold , sadness . 
 my bloody hands rest on my knees , as i pant until i realize that i need to do something . 
 i need to sleep . 
 the only reason that i have n't yet is because i remember the horror that happened last time i fell asleep . 
 i know that it is not real , but everything seems like it is projected into reality . 
 i shudder at the thought of the nightmare . 
 i have to be strong though . 
 i slowly lay down on the cold concrete floor , all of my muscles creaking , like an old rocking chair that was once in my hut . 
 i just have to close my eyes , and go to sleep . 
 this action troubles me . 
 i can not think of the unbearable pain that happened to be in the lucid dream that i was experiencing the night before . 
 i force my eyes shut so hard that after about a minute , i start to see different patterns and different colors , green , blue , orange , checkerboard , stripes , and other things that can not be explained . 
 i relax my eyes once it gets too intense . 
 and i fall asleep . 
 xxii i wake to the sound of yelling . 
 `` anybody here ? 
 hello ?! '' 
 a woman 's voice . 
 i thought that it was connie , but how could she ever find me , in this abandoned , blown down building ? 
 i wish to keep sleeping , but my eyes open themselves . 
 i see the ceiling of the room , and a wave of relieve flushes over me as i realize that i am still and the same place i was went i had slept the night before . 
 `` roman ! 
 are you here ? '' 
 now i am sure that connie is here . 
 it is her voice and her tone . 
 and she knows my name . 
 only a small amount of people know my name . 
 i sit up from the concrete where i was sleeping and look at my hands . 
 they are bleeding , but they look and feel better than i thought they would be , after what i 've done to them . 
 i do n't even think about food and water , i just dash up the stairs and into the rooms on the floor above . 
 `` connie ? '' 
 i call , hoping for dear life for an answer . 
 `` roman ?! 
 where are you ? '' 
 she says , after a pause of a matter of seconds . 
 `` are you on the first story ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i 'm upstairs . 
 come find me ! '' 
 she says , after another puzzling pause . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 i run up the stairs , two at a time , and upstairs i come to find rock bottom again . 
 only i have fallen deeper . 
 deeper than the world of possible . 
 connie is here , sitting in a chair , but someone else is too . 
 henry . 
 he carries a knife , pressing it tight across connie 's throat . 
 connie had been calling for me , to lure me upstairs . 
 my brain twists into two . 
 why is henry here ? 
 `` roman ! 
 help - '' `` shut up ! '' 
 henry yells , pulling the knife closer against her delicate skin . 
 my heart feels like it has stopped . 
 i love connie , she is pretty , kind , and caring . 
 but also , i love henry . 
 `` henry ! 
 what are you doi - '' `` listen , roman , you do n't understand ! '' 
 `` i perfectly understand everything , henry ! 
 you 're just going crazy ! 
 a helpless old man ! 
 that 's what you are . 
 let her go ! '' 
 i let out all my anger on henry . 
 how could he do this ? 
 my sight begins to bulge up red again . 
 `` roman , trust me , '' he takes a deep breath , the same kind of deep breath he took when he told me that tedd was here to kill me . 
 `` connie is working with tedd . '' 
 at first , i have trouble understanding what came out of his mouth . 
 i did n't know if i was hearing him right . 
 `` roman . 
 i know that this is a lot to take in , but connie , is working with tedd , the guy trying to take advantage of you . '' 
 i look at him straight in the eye . 
 my mouth drops open as the words tab me in the chest , releasing all happiness and hope that i had ever wanted . 
 i did n't want to believe what just came out of his mouth , but is connie just an act ? 
 is she trying to pretend like a good guy , just like tedd is doing ? 
 it makes sense , but i still do n't believe it . 
 henry has surprised me a lot in the past , but i still trust him . 
 but did i trust connie more ? 
 `` lets ask her , '' i suggest . 
 `` are you working with tedd , connie ? '' 
 i ask , firmly , like tedd did to me . 
 my lip quivers , the thought of betrayal is taking over me . 
 `` no ! 
 why would i ever betray you , roman !? '' 
 she replies . 
 i see the anger in her face , which makes a tear fall onto my cheek . 
 her large glasses fall onto the floor , shattering because of the impact . 
 henry pulls the knife closer to her very much delicate skin . 
 `` i 'm not working with tedd ! '' 
 her voice is more raspy and grim , now that she is in danger . 
 henry pulls another knife out from his pocket and stabs it into her left hand . 
 just like tedd did to me . 
 connie screams in pain , as much as i want to take the knife out of her hand and stab it into henry 's face , i ca n't save someone who could be trying to kill me . 
 coincidences bounce all around my skull , mind-boggling . 
 `` one more time , please tell the truth connie . 
 are you working with tedd ? '' 
 i stab my voice into her ears , just like the knife in her hand . 
 my teeth clench , with anger , but i am more sad than i could ever be . 
 tears fall from my eyes consistently . 
 henry pulls the knife the closest it could ever be to her neck without her bleeding to death , her blood would spill out , down the wooden steps . 
 she knows that this is her last chance . 
 `` are you - `` yes . 
 i am . '' 
 xxiii i feel pain in my stomach . 
 nausea creeps up on me , crawling over me , like a monster that i have always been scared of . 
 one of the two people that i could ever trust , is a fraud . 
 i puke in my mouth , then swallow it again , trying to gain the upper hand with myself . 
 henry lets go of the knife , dropping it on the ground . 
 henry looks at me with sympathy , the same look that connie gave me . 
 for the first time . 
 i do n't look back at him . 
 she sits , tied to the chair , as i watch her in disgust . 
 `` i 'm sorry , roman , i really am , '' she says . 
 `` sorry does n't make everything go back to the way it was ! '' 
 i scream back , which in this situation , she has a lot more to say than sorry . 
 i am crying , i wipe the tears away from my cheek . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry about this . 
 i truly am , '' she says , reaching for a gun , a gun that she pulls out of her pocket . 
 she holds it firmly at both of us . 
 `` untie me . 
 now , '' she commands , giving a jester to henry to do so . 
 he stands like a rock , hard and strong . 
 `` doctor . 
 i 'll give you one last chance . '' 
 he does n't take the chance . 
 he does n't move . 
 instead , he crouches down , reaching for the knife that he had dropped . 
 the gun fires . 
 `` henry ! '' 
 i scream , as i see him falling to the ground in pain . 
 i dive onto the ground , trying to help him , but i know that he needs real medical help to restore him . 
 as i stand up with a knife to finish connie , i notice that she is gone . 
 gone . 
 it 's like she was never here . 
 the chair that she sat in is the only thing left of her presence . 
 i start to cry again . 
 it is all way too much to bare . 
 my life is now worthless . 
 all i have is the adrenalin . 
 i could n't care less about it , anyway . 
 i do n't want it anymore . 
 i want things to go back to the way they were , in the destitute zone , my home . 
 `` roman , '' he says , in a raspy voice . 
 i can tell he is in a lot of pain . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i reply back , sniffing because of the sadness . 
 `` i need you to save me . 
 you can get the bullet out of my leg . '' 
 `` i do n't think i can . '' 
 `` you have to try . 
 i know you can . 
 i 'll help you . '' 
 i think for a second , then i make my decision . 
 `` what do you need me to do ? '' 
 i ask , hoping that he knows . 
 after all , he is a doctor . 
 `` downstairs , my big white coat is down there along with a first aid kit . 
 bring that up here , '' he says . 
 i nod as i leap down the stairs , scurrying for the first aid kit . 
 they are both sitting by the front door , or where a front door used to be . 
 i grab the first aid kit , and trample up the stairs . 
 i put it down next to henry . 
 `` okay , good . 
 now get the skinny metal tool and tweezers . '' 
 i open the first aid kit and see that there are lots of tools , all which are metal . 
 the tweezers were easy to find due to their distinctive properties . 
 `` skinny metal tool , '' i repeat in my head . 
 i eventually found it . 
 i had to move fast . 
 henry was bleeding out quickly . 
 i hold up the two tools that i found and he nodded . 
 `` okay , roman , here 's the tricky part . 
 i need you to use the tweezers to grab the bullet . '' 
 it freaked me out to even think about performing surgery . 
 if he dies , i will never forgive myself . 
 overall , after what i have done , i will never forgive myself anyway . 
 `` are you sure i can do this ? '' 
 i ask , knowing what the answer will be , at least coming from the man that i am performing the surgery on . 
 `` you can only try , '' he says with a smile on his face . 
 he seems so laid back considering he could die in a matter of minutes . 
 if i was in his shoes , i would be panicking the life out of myself . 
 i focus on his leg . 
 i put the skinny metal tool which i think was called a precision knife down . 
 i stuck the tweezers into his thigh . 
 he groans , which frightens me because i am scared that i did something wrong . 
 i continue to work though , regardless of the sounds that he makes , even though the fear grows larger . 
 i search around for the bullet , until i see a little bit of it launched in between a large piece of tissue . 
 i ca n't tell if it is the bullet or not , because most of what i can see is red . 
 blood red . 
 pure , blood , red . 
 i stick the tweezers softly into the tissue and try to grab the bullet with the tweezers . 
 as the puddle of blood on the floor gets bigger and bigger , the more scared i get . 
 i am still crying , which does not help my confidence . 
 i think with every tear , i see a glimpse of henry 's corpse , lying on the ground in front of me . 
 i will not let him die . 
 i have known him since the beginning of this ` adventure ' , and i want him to live till the end . 
 i snag the bullet with the tweezers but it is stuck in the tissue . 
 `` you can do it , roman , '' henry croaks . 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 i pull harder and harder but it is no use . 
 then i have an idea . 
 i grab the precision knife and use it to cut the tissue so the bullet is loose . 
 using the tweezers , i snag the bullet out of the limb , and toss it on the ground . 
 i did it . 
 i saved him . 
 i wipe the sweat off of my forehead and let out air . 
 lots of air . 
 `` roman , your almost done , '' he starts , in between breaths , `` there is bandage in the first aid kit . 
 wrap it around the wound . 
 there is no time for stitches . '' 
 i take a deep breath -lrb- mostly in relief , because i did not want to give stitches to henry . -rrb- 
 `` i 'm almost done , almost done , almost done , i can do this , '' i think . 
 i scavenge for the bandage . 
 i notice the puddle of blood has turned into a lake . 
 it spills down the wooden staircase , staining the hard , ashy material . 
 i find the bandage at the bottom of the kit . 
 there is also some tape . 
 i wrap the bandage around henrys ' leg two or three times , then i rip a piece of tape and secure it tightly . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 i start to laugh , oddly enough . 
 `` you did it , roman . 
 thank you , '' he says . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 i ask , hoping he says yes , even though i know that is unreasonable . 
 `` walk ? 
 i got shot in the leg ! 
 not for awhile , '' he replies with a small chuckle . 
 i laugh again , breaking my promise , again . 
 my mind goes back to tedd . 
 and connie . 
 i will kill both of them . 
 the thought of them makes me clench my fists . 
 but , where are they ? 
 `` i think i know where tedd is going , '' henry says , sitting up with both of his legs plopped out in front of him . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i ask anxiously . 
 `` main street . '' 
 it makes sense that he would go to main street . 
 he is going to the house labeled four , in the story below the first one . 
 the one that he would not let me go down . 
 something is down there , but i am not sure what . 
 or why . 
 i look down at henry . 
 `` do know where main street is ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he does n't say anything , just pulls a piece of paper that is rolled up out of his pocket and tosses it onto the ground . 
 i kneel down and pick it up , and it is a map of where everything in the world was . 
 in the top left section , it was the authorities zone , much bigger than the other zones . 
 in the bottom left section was the corrupt . 
 in the top right section lay the prevalent zone and opulent zone . 
 and then there is one left . 
 my hometown . 
 the destitute zone . 
 along with all of the zones , it shows most of the tracks and speedtracks . 
 i search for main street in all of the zones , until i found it in the prevalent zone . 
 it was straight smack in the center . 
 i looked at the other streets until i found elm avenue , where i was right now . 
 it is just down the street from here . 
 xxiv `` henry , i got ta - '' `` go roman . 
 go . '' 
 he replies which makes me think if he knew where i was going in the first place . 
 i run down the staircase and out of the doorway . 
 i run all the way down elm , passing by many strangers , some even bumping them on the shoulder . 
 i feel bad for doing this , but i have a lot more on my mind right now . 
 i pass by all of the shops that i previously went to , before i found out about connie working with tedd . 
 before i found that tedd was a liar . 
 an idiot . 
 a demon . 
 every time i think of this , him , her , it angers me . 
 thankfully , the anger gives me a burst of speed . 
 the adrenalin helps a lot with speed too . 
 eventually , i see the turn to main street . 
 at this point , my sweat turns into a garden hose , spraying all over the sidewalk . 
 i fall and scrape my knee as i turn onto main street , tumbling as i turn the fast corner , and immediately recover . 
 a little scrape was n't nearly as bad as some of the other injuries that i had received in the past couple of times . 
 i freeze my tracks as i see it . 
 main street is so beautiful . 
 it makes me even more angry at tedd . 
 i continue to run , faster and faster . 
 i watch the houses as i sweep by them : nine , eight , seven , six , five . 
 four . 
 i stand in front of the house . 
 the house where i thought i was the happiest i could ever be . 
 it makes my cry , bawl . 
 i fight back the tears , though . 
 now is not the time to start getting emotional . 
 i walk slowly up to the door . 
 i do n't knock . 
 i carefully twist the knob only to find that the large , fancy door , is locked . 
 i have a solution , though . 
 i do not have the big , brown key that opens it . 
 lighting my hands with embers seems to be much easier this time than the two times before . 
 the adrenalin seems to work easily with anger . 
 i press my hands against the door , and automatically see the piercing burning in the door , the ashes falling to the ground . 
 it is a beautiful sight . 
 after i know that the door is weak , i pull my hands away . 
 i walk back about twenty feet , then charge at the door . 
 i hear the wind in my ears . 
 i run faster than i ever have , and i bring my fists up and charge at it with my side . 
 more splinters . 
 i fall onto the floor once i am inside . 
 pieces of wood fall on me and give me scrapes , but i barely notice them . 
 i run down the foyer and open the door to the story below . 
 i inhale , wait seconds , but do not exhale . 
 the staircase is very dark . 
 i can not see . 
 i light my hands and use them as a torch . 
 i slowly walk down the stairs , trying my hardest not to creak the rather weary wood . 
 tedd and connie are down here . 
 i can feel their presence . 
 they are being careful not to move , so they can perform a sneak attack . 
 i wo n't let that happen , though . 
 i am being cautious . 
 very cautious indeed . 
 i continue down the staircase . 
 i look for a switch to turn the lights on . 
 there is one at the bottom of the staircase . 
 i have to move quickly . 
 i exhale my breath , then jump down the remaining of the stairs , and land on my feet , crouching the slightest bit . 
 i slam on the light switch . 
 the lights roar to life and i turn around to find that tedd is not here . 
 connie is , however . 
 she is hanging from the ceiling in chains . 
 a piece of paper like material is in her mouth , tied around her head , so she can not speak , or request help . 
 her left hand is still bleeding out horribly from the knife . 
 someone managed to pull the knife out , though , probably tedd if i had to guess . 
 the room is painted all chrome , very much like the building that henry took me to where i first met connie . 
 there are many machines and scanners crammed into a room too small for all of the equipment , in my opinion . 
 i walk over to connie and pull the soggy material out of her mouth . 
 `` roman ! '' 
 she yells in relief . 
 `` save it . 
 i do n't have time for this . '' 
 `` tedd tied me up here . 
 he used me . '' 
 this does n't surprise me . 
 i know now that connie is not as nearly as bad as him . 
 `` where is tedd now ? '' 
 `` he said he was going to a circle . 
 that 's all i know , '' she replies , which is not that helpful . 
 i try to think back to everything that has happened to me . 
 where have i seen a circle ? 
 circles have no significance to me . 
 i have never been to a circle . 
 that i know of ... `` also , he told me if you came here , to give you something , '' she blurts , and i can tell that she did n't want to say it , guilt reaching her face , as well as fear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's in the box on the shelf in the corner . '' 
 i jog over to the corner and pick up the box . 
 it is not sealed shut . 
 there is a basket inside of the box . 
 in the basket , it is filled with red berries and a card . 
 i open the card and it says simply : behind the woods . 
 - you know who i have no clue what this means . 
 it has to be a place . 
 i scavenge through the box more , hoping something else is in there , giving me an obvious hint . 
 i find something . 
 it is in a small leather case . 
 i open the case to find my prized possession , the wind beneath my wings . 
 my compass . 
 not the knock off that tedd had `` given '' me , but mine . 
 the one my guardian gave to me . 
 then i thought of the tent where i woke up after i lost henry . 
 the same berries were in the same basket , they tasted the same . 
 but where did a circle come in ? 
 then , i look to see the small note again . 
 i have seen this handwriting before . 
 tedd wrote that letter from supposedly henry . 
 more lies . 
 it comes to me . 
 `` i know where he is . 
 i know exactly where he is . '' 
 xxv i run out of the house , sprinting further down main street . 
 i hop across the bridge that leads out of the prevalent zone . 
 i run to the grassy field where i peacefully soaked my feet , before he came to me . 
 before he ruined me . 
 i stop and look up into the sky . 
 i am a very lucky boy . 
 the yellow , the orange , the pink . 
 the impressive stream still runs below the mountain range , as the shadows fly down on me . 
 i quickly forget it , and move on , getting ready for the fight of my life . 
 i run back into the woods , where the lady had told me to go . 
 i find the pathway that leads out of the woods and i stand , my hands on my knees panting . 
 i am close . 
 too close . 
 i finish catching my breath and sprint down the five-hundred yard trail that i had once walked with the lady . 
 i notice that the sulm and mud is replaced by damp dirt that only stretches to the bottoms of my shoes -lrb- a lot easier to run in than the two hundred unit high sulm . -rrb- 
 i know the circle is within fifty meters . 
 i grab my compass and hold it into my hands . 
 i will kill him . 
 right . 
 now . 
 i see the circle . 
 i see the tents . 
 and most importantly , him . 
 i see him . 
 xxvi `` tedd ! '' 
 i scream , letting out all my force , feeling the adrenalin go through me , i do n't think about anything else but him . 
 he turns around and looks at me . 
 my voice is raspy , loud , and hoarse . 
 just how i want it to sound . 
 i stop . 
 just stop . 
 i do n't move any longer . 
 he has destroyed me . 
 just by the look on his face . 
 i know when he smiles the same toothy smile when he first told me when he told me his name that ... ... that he has the adrenalin . 
 `` roman ! 
 nice to see you too , '' he says , grim . 
 `` how did you - '' `` oh yeah ! 
 it turns out your not the only one with the special ` adrenalin ' , '' he says with a smirk on his face . 
 `` . . 
 and it 's all thanks to my special assistant , dr. mckensie . '' 
 connie . 
 she must have performed experiments on me . 
 she said it was basic but she was doing the same thing that tedd would have done . 
 i ca n't be mad at her , though . 
 i ca n't . 
 she was tied up . 
 why did she lie ? 
 `` you used her , '' i say , not really feeling anger anymore . 
 `` you bet i did . '' 
 i hate it . 
 he seems so confident that he will always win , but he will not win . 
 not this time . 
 not a chance . 
 i charge at him , lighting my hands with embers . 
 he just stands there , with his stupid toothy smile . 
 i launch my fist into his stomach , but he grabs it and uses the adrenalin to burn it hard . 
 it is hard to fight fire with fire . 
 it is harder to fight a large fire with such a small one . 
 i slam my knee into his gut , which makes me able to struggle away . 
 while he is still recovering , i grab his neck and tackle him to the ground . 
 i burn his neck hard , but he throws me away -lrb- twenty or thirty thousand units ? 
 has the adrenalin given him this massive strength ? -rrb- 
 i do n't see how he can possibly survive . 
 a skin like substance forms back on the wound , it is red and fiery , blue and red purple veins replaced with red . 
 the adrenalin heals his neck . 
 he stands up perfectly . 
 i can not fight fire with fire . 
 so i will fight it with anger . 
 verbally . 
 `` you ruined me ! '' 
 i say , as my voice starts to get raspy . 
 scary . 
 `` you ruined me ! 
 look what you have done ? 
 why would you ever do this ? 
 all just for your selfish needs ? 
 you sicken me ! '' 
 he turns around . 
 he does n't look like it , but i can tell that he is wounded . 
 `` you think this is my fault . 
 you gave this to me ! '' 
 he screams . 
 `` you gave this all to me ! '' 
 he is right . 
 i did give this to him . 
 this is all my fault . 
 i should n't have followed henry , i should n't have interacted with anyone that i did . 
 i should n't have . 
 i focus on my hands , and think of all he has done ever to me . 
 he used me , he wants to kill me , he lied to me , he wasted the use of my compass , he killed my guardian . 
 flames shoot out of my hands . 
 he killed my guardian . 
 `` just remember , roman . 
 you 're not the only one , '' he screams , in a diminishing voice . 
 he repeats it , your not the only one , over and over again . 
 his scream sounds louder , as flames that had come out of my hands , cover his entire body . 
 i jump back onto the ground , crying . 
 i know that i ca n't win . 
 but i will at least try . 
 out of anger , sadness , and friendship , the same scream comes out of me . 
 the same flames cover the rest of my body , just like they had done to tedd . 
 i use the adrenalin to fly towards him . 
 he does n't even notice me . 
 you killed my guardian ! 
 `` you ! 
 you killed me ! 
 you turned a poor boy into this ! '' 
 i smash onto him , tackling him to the ground . 
 i kick and punch him until i see the soul escape out of him . 
 the first drop of blood that i see across his face , i feel a sense of happiness . 
 the first puddle of blood , spilling onto the ground , i feel sadness . 
 the first sign of death that i see deep within his body , i feel memories . 
 memories that only i know . 
 i look to his chest , as the locket is still there . 
 i grab the compass , breaking the key chain . 
 i hold out my flaming hand , and place the compass within . 
 the compass is curled , burned , and is rid of anything that it ever meant , to me , and to tedd . 
 i stand up from the red ground . 
 the flames leave my body slowly . 
 i watch the ashes of him lay on the ground . 
 i did it . 
 i killed tedd . 
 xvii i am in a different world . 
 i zone out , thinking of what i did , what i accomplished . 
 what i went through to achieve this . 
 i see nothing , but a whole world of adrenalin . 
 the orange and the red and the fire , but also the yellows and the pinks and the blues and the grays . 
 the flying and the beating and the burning . 
 all things that i did . 
 the circle of tents around me fade away as if they were never even there in the first place . 
 my world spins around me , as i see and remember everything that has ever happened to me ever before in the time called happiness . 
 the time that was so short , but it was too long . 
 then all fades before me , and all i see is black . 
 for the readers who just want more . 
 page 133 is not the end of the adventure . 
 xvii i wake up on a bed . 
 the same one fell asleep on . 
 i sit up , and exhale loads of air , relieving and refreshing myself instantly . 
 i see everything that i remember the night before the lucid dream really got to me last night . 
 `` roman ! 
 your awake ! '' 
 he says as he walks into the room from the large wooden door . 
 i push the plaid blankets away when i remember everything . 
 i remember the adrenalin . 
 i remember tedd . 
 he rolled slowly in his wheelchair , creaking the floor with each movement of his hands . 
 i have my memories stored into one thing . 
 i hold the leather case up in my hand , open it , and pull out the packed item . 
 the adrenalin is in this piece , or at least the mixed memories of it . 
 i could feel the warmth and power as i squeezed it within my hands . 
 `` yes , i am awake . 
 and i 've never been more happy , tedd . '' 
 i slip out of my bed , and into my chair , rolling away to the kitchen , where i will feed myself a snack before tedd cooks breakfast for me . 
 in the cupboards , i find the same pretzels , the same exact snacks i found on my journey . 
 the identical bag was even the same ` carter 's . 
 it 's good ' brand . 
 and the couches , the same cold couches from that house in my dream . 
 i rolled over to them and dropped myself on , falling into the freezing cold leather . 
 amazing . 
 i remember something . 
 the basement , the dark , dirty menacing basement . 
 i quickly get back on my chair and zoom away to that hallway . 
 i open the door and fly down the ramp , excitement and curiosity taking over me . 
 adrenalin . 
 that 's what i feel . 
 i freeze in my tracks when i see the room . 
 it appears to be an office , the office of my father . 
 equipment much the same as in my dream crams the room to the tightest . 
 in the corner , a little girl sits , crying , facing the wall . 
 i double take , making sure i 'm actually seeing this correctly . 
 i am . 
 i walk over to the girl and say , `` hey , '' softly and nicely , trying not to disturb her sadness . 
 she turns around , wiping the tears away from her face . 
 her large , rectangular glasses stared into my insane mind . 
 connie . 
 connie was this little girl . 
 connie is this little girl . 
 my jaw drops open , but then i remember she has no indication of my lucid dreams . 
 nobody does . 
 `` what ... what happened ? '' 
 i ask , trying as hard as i can to act sympathetic , but all i can think about is the dream . 
 `` i was chased ... by a crazy man , '' she croaks in between sniffles and cries . 
 i completely amaze myself sometimes . 
 i knew who this man was . 
 i knew who this man is . 
 henry . 
 xviii `` connie . 
 what was this man 's name ? '' 
 i eagerly blurt , trying to get the information out of her . 
 `` i. . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 crap . 
 `` did he say anything to you ? 
 anything at all ? '' 
 `` no , well not to me , '' she begins . 
 `` when he was chasing me through the woods , he kept calling out ` boy ! ' 
 or ` adrenalin ! ' 
 at random times . 
 i was so scared . '' 
 this , this is scary . 
 there is no other word for it . 
 scary . 
 how would this even be possible ? 
 is my dream turning to reality ? 
 or am i just going completely insane ? 
 either way would be horrid . 
 `` oh ! 
 now i remember something ! 
 as i finally got back , he was calling a name like , ` roman ! 
 roman ! ' '' 
 i did n't even know what to say next . 
 `` what 's my name ? '' 
 i shout , for no apparent reason . 
 she startles then says quietly , `` you do n't remember your own name , steve ? '' 
 steve . 
 my guardian . 
 my dead guardian . 
 is me ? 
 i inhale fiercely , sucking in air , trying to make some sort of weird sense to all of this . 
 i ca n't . 
 i pass out , falling straight to the floor , unconscious . 
 impossible . 
 when i awake , i really awake . 
 i really am awake . 
 it 's not another dream , the inception is over . 
 i live my life , alone with no family . 
 no tedd , no connie , no henry , if he ever even did exist . 
 i figured out everything . 
 everything that made this situation messed up . 
 this was all a mere fantasy . 
 roman , is based on my son . 
 my striving and succeeding son , jimmy . 
 connie , my sister . 
 my younger sister , a veterinarian at a local pet hospital . 
 tedd , my father . 
 my disappointed father . 
 he 's disappointed in me , for not living the life i could have lived . 
 that leaves me . 
 i , am based off of henry . 
 a crazy , insane man who roams the streets , looking for an adventure to go on , a life to live . 
 i have not found it quite yet . 
 for the readers who even want more , you 'll just have to wait . 
 wait . 
 not long . 
 not short . 
 just wait . 
