 defiance hannah hanson copyright © 2014 hannah hanson published by hannah hanson at smashwords all rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this work , in whole or in part , in any form . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 all characters , events , organisations and products depicted herein are either a product of the author 's imagination , or are used fictitiously . 
 to the reader who yearns for yet another book but has ran out of money in the wake of their fears , they had not realised they were creating a monster , a vengeful creature that would pursue their destruction . 
 chapter one clouds slowly gathered in the sky , their dark grey lining more prominent against the glaring orange of the setting sun . 
 the raindrops started as whispering air hovering just above the masses of old houses . 
 then , without warning , the unmistakeable streak of a lightning bolt ripped through the sky , followed immediately by the crash of thunder . 
 amelia stood by the dirty , cracked window , staring intently as the group of neighbours in the muddy street quickly dispersed to their homes to seek shelter from the rain . 
 unlike the central city , area eleven , formerly known as north london , was uncared for . 
 there were no clear pathways nor was the government concerned about placing restrictions to ensure the safety of its people . 
 this was the norm in most countries . 
 after the great war , anarchy and chaos governed the world until the elite , the rich , and those with enough brutality and hunger rose and joined forces . 
 in london , the government elite were less brutal , but amelia found them no better than those who ruled elsewhere in the world . 
 amelia inhaled deeply ; a gush of foul air raced into her lungs , causing her to choke . 
 she quickly grabbed her throat as she steadied herself . 
 four men , the cause of her distress , marched in her direction . 
 she had seen them before . 
 she had felt their unnerving presence . 
 they walked resolutely through the rain , their navy blue suits perfectly ironed against their bodies , their hair combed back neatly . 
 they had those same vacant eyes amelia had seen so often on the faces of government workers . 
 her heart fluttered like the battering of wild wings as the men walked like robots , their gaze fixed on amelia 's front door . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 amelia screamed . 
 she turned to run but her legs gave way and she tripped over her own feet in anticipation of what was about to come . 
 she knew very well what it was , and as she stumbled and fell , her thoughts took her to dark places . 
 `` amelia , what is the matter ? '' 
 murmured her father 's calm voice as he stretched a helping hand towards his daughter . 
 a gentle smile crept over his long , refined face . 
 amelia wanted the words of warning to flow out of her mouth , but she stammered , and the old mahogany door crashed open with a loud thud that left her heart pulsing in her mouth . 
 the four men quickly entered with automatic pistols drawn . 
 `` mr jonathan raymond , you 're under arrest for treason , '' said one of the men . 
 his dark blonde hair was soaked from the rain and his brown eyes twitched . 
 `` i have done nothing wrong , '' mr raymond said as one of the other men grabbed his arms and proceeded to cuff them behind his back . 
 `` leave him alone ! '' 
 amelia said as she raced towards the man with the blonde hair . 
 she pushed him forcefully and raised a fist , which he grabbed . 
 he stared at her through venomous eyes as he pushed her away . 
 amelia 's mother , teresa , and her brother , daniel , had by this point come to see what all the fuss was about . 
 in that moment , amelia saw weakness in her mother 's eyes ; they were filled not with defiance , but tears , which trickled down her caramel skin . 
 she held onto daniel 's hand tightly as she muttered soothing words : `` do n't cry , danny . 
 it 's alright . '' 
 `` mum , help him , '' amelia cried . 
 she did n't notice her own stream of tears until she tasted them at the corners of her lips . 
 she wiped away the droplets with her right palm and tried to calm down . 
 her father had told her many times not to let her emotions engulf her . 
 she grabbed her right hand , which trembled uncontrollably , with her left one and studied the four men carefully : their features and their names and serial numbers were embroidered on the small patch of fabric above each one 's right suit pocket . 
 `` i 'll come back soon , '' mr raymond said . 
 his voice was full of certainty , and although amelia did not believe it , she forced a smile . 
 her father looked at her through kind blue eyes that seemed to glow against his pale skin . 
 teresa walked carefully towards her daughter , placing a firm hand on her shoulder while the four men forcefully dragged mr raymond away . 
 amelia shook her mother off , followed the men at a run , and stood outside in the rain to watch . 
 her nostrils flared as she wiped away the rain that blurred her vision . 
 she wished the sky would clear and the endless rain would cease as her father was pulled towards an armoured vehicle . 
 a strange feeling stirred within her breast as she gazed upon her father 's noble figure : tall and lean with broad shoulders . 
 his brown hair curled softly , and even though she could not see his face , she knew he felt no fear , only remorse at leaving his family behind . 
 but amelia , to her dismay , was not as shaken by the event as she thought she should be . 
 her body reacted with such calm it frightened her . 
 the tears that streamed once earlier had dried up and the trembling had ceased . 
 she hoped her father could see how collected she was . 
 he would be proud . 
 the people gathered outside their houses in crowds and muttered rather loudly among themselves as they observed amelia with disdain . 
 she knew what they were thinking , but she did n't care . 
 abruptly , her father stopped walking ; he was several feet away from the vehicle when he turned around . 
 `` i love you , '' he shouted as he smiled , his white teeth gleaming against the dark sky . 
 teresa and daniel started to run to him , to embrace him , but the guards were quick to hold them back . 
 amelia , however , stood transfixed , her feet rooted to the muddy ground , her fists clenched unconsciously . 
 she flashed a forced smile to her father , waved , and walked back into the house . 
 she had seen enough . 
 as she entered the house , she wiped her muddy feet sloppily on the mat , smiled , and walked towards the small bathroom at the back of the house , next to the small kitchen . 
 like all the other houses in this area , their house was single-level ; many people simply could not afford more than that . 
 but its small and enclosed rooms made the harsh winters bearable , and for that , she was grateful . 
 she flinched at the sound of the moving vehicle and waited for the shuffling of her mother and daniel racing inside . 
 `` your father will be back ; just you wait , '' teresa said as she held onto her son tightly . 
 `` do n't give him false hope , '' amelia said . 
 `` dad wo n't see daylight ever again . '' 
 the words flooded out of her mouth before she had a chance to think . 
 she turned to her brother and regretted those sharp words ; his expression showed how they pierced his heart like a dagger . 
 dismay clouded daniel 's shocked eyes , while anger blazed through her mother 's tearful ones . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i was wrong , '' amelia whispered as she walked towards her brother in an attempt to undo what she had already done . 
 `` you 're ruining my polished floor with that mud , '' grunted her mother . 
 teresa walked past her daughter . 
 amelia stood there for a long time , staring at nothing , until eventually she headed towards the bathroom near her bedroom . 
 amelia undressed and rubbed a shaking hand over her mouth as she stepped carefully into the shower . 
 when had her hands started to tremble again ? 
 she did not know . 
 the hot water ran down her spine , causing her to shudder . 
 she knew better than to let its warmth completely engulf her . 
 hot water was a scarce commodity here . 
 she quickly ran her fingers through her long , dark curls , enjoying the sweet scent of lavender soap . 
 she stepped out of the small bathroom , her warm feet pressing against the cold , worn-out flooring . 
 as she dashed into her bedroom , she caught a glimpse of herself in one of the small mirrors hanging in the corridor . 
 in a certain light , she was breath-taking . 
 her brown eyes gleamed under her dark , defined eyebrows . 
 her skin was a warm olive tone and she had a small mole just below her right eye . 
 she hated that mole . 
 she shook her head and walked away briskly , forgetting the silence in the house . 
 she did not want to think of her father ; each time his absence came to her mind , her throat constricted . 
 she felt helpless . 
 the wind was beating against the old latched window as she entered her room . 
 she looked around nervously ; the icy-cold room appeared smaller than usual . 
 the smell of damp wood had consumed it . 
 rays of light weaved through the cracks that had formed over the years . 
 the sky had cleared , but just barely . 
 the oak floorboards creaked with each step she took , and as her heart raced uncontrollably , she could have sworn she felt something -- or rather , someone . 
 she swivelled around , hands clenched . 
 nothing . 
 she opened one of the drawers and picked a grey long-sleeved shirt to match her black trousers . 
 she wanted something to suit her mood . 
 she sat on her unmade bed and stared out of the window . 
 tears of agony trickled down her plump cheeks , and she bit her lower lip to stifle a sob . 
 all the emotions she had attempted to suppress came flooding back . 
 she grabbed her pillow and threw it aimlessly across the room . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 her father had not retaliated , nor had he attempted to defend himself . 
 she knew very well he was more than capable of disabling all four men , so why had n't he ? 
 was her father 's submission a sign ? 
 what made him so certain they would not execute him ? 
 she agonised over endless questions , each one more painful than the other . 
 `` amelia , dinner , '' shouted her mother . 
 amelia dragged herself to the dining table , her eyes fixed in an accusing stare as she walked to where her mother stood laying the plates . 
 `` you could have helped , '' amelia said . 
 `` your father was wrong ; you 're still a child , '' teresa said . 
 her voice had changed ; it was suddenly neither menacing nor cold , but subdued . 
 the disappointment in her dark , beady eyes made amelia shudder . 
 `` i 'm not a child ; i 'm going to turn seventeen in a few months ! '' 
 `` eat your dinner . '' 
 teresa sat down on the chair . 
 `` you 'll understand some day . '' 
 `` understand what ? '' 
 `` just eat your dinner , '' teresa said , avoiding amelia 's fierce eyes . 
 `` this is what i hate about you . 
 you give people crumbs then change the subject ! '' 
 the words hung in the air , full of venom . 
 she did n't intend to sound so callous , but the words had come out without a thought . 
 she did that often . 
 her mother flinched as though she had been slapped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mum ; i did n't mean it , '' amelia said apologetically . 
 amelia found her mother irritating , but she knew better than to address her in such a manner . 
 if her father had taught her anything , it was to be respectful . 
 `` i do n't feel hungry ; can i be excused ? '' 
 amelia stood up before her mother could respond . 
 her brother , who had spent the whole time rearranging the peas on his plate , raised his head . 
 `` your problem is you have ears but you do n't listen , '' he whispered , perhaps more to himself than to his sister . 
 amelia lurched across the table and grabbed him by the collar , her eyes burning with rage , her hands quivering . 
 `` careful , the food ! '' 
 teresa said . 
 `` i dare you . 
 hit me , '' daniel taunted . 
 she let go of his collar and straightened her shirt . 
 her anger had consumed her beyond reason . 
 amelia steadied her trembling right arm and tried to calm herself . 
 she did n't intend to harm her brother , not really . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 she looked at her brother and hoped he saw the regret in her eyes . 
 teresa could no longer keep the tears at bay ; she buried her face in her palms . 
 `` it 's okay , mum ; please do n't cry , '' daniel whispered . 
 teresa stared at her son through tearful eyes . 
 daniel had matured so quickly , he seemed almost unrecognisable to his mother . 
 she forced a feeble smile and wiped the tears away . 
 chapter two piercing rays of sun darted through the window 's flimsy cream curtains . 
 amelia opened her heavy eyes in the silence . 
 groggy from lack of sleep , she reluctantly dragged her body out of the bed , almost falling to the floor . 
 instead , she caught herself and flopped back down on the bed , lying crosswise , her arms and head hanging over the edge . 
 she had spent most of the night tormenting herself with the previous day 's incident , wondering what would happen to her father . 
 she knew what she had to do . 
 thinking of her course of action made her feel nauseated , and the muscles at the back of her neck ached . 
 suddenly , the door was flung open . 
 a barefoot figure walked carefully across the wooden flooring . 
 unable to lift her head , she stared at the intruder 's long , pale feet . 
 daniel . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 she mumbled . 
 her head throbbed . 
 `` you have to find him , '' daniel said . 
 he sat on the floor inches away from her bed . 
 `` find who ? '' 
 groaned amelia as she tumbled out of the bed onto the floor . 
 she let out a soft cry ; her bones seemed to be threatening to break . 
 `` dad , who else ? '' 
 `` how do you know they have n't killed him already ? '' 
 `` he 's more valuable to them alive . 
 they wo n't kill him , not so soon , '' daniel said . 
 he stood up slowly , walked towards the window , pulled the curtain aside , and stared at the crowd . 
 `` he was part of a revolutionary movement over fifteen years ago . 
 they gave society hope until they made a mistake , '' he said . 
 his voice was so low and soft , she could barely hear him . 
 amelia looked at him for a long time . 
 her brother had n't simply grown taller ; he had matured . 
 she had n't noticed the change before . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 `` i found a small box with papers from his friends and i asked about it . 
 he did n't tell me willingly . '' 
 daniel traced his long , bony fingers along the windowsill , and his eyes narrowed as he became pensive . 
 he opened his mouth as though to speak , then closed it . 
 he turned on his heel and stared at his sister , who lay sprawled on the floor . 
 he wondered if she had what it would take to avenge his father 's capture . 
 she was spontaneous , as evidenced by her fighting when they practised ; however , her emotions and anger always got the better of her . 
 daniel was sixteen months younger than his sister , but he acted more mature . 
 he was selfless at the worst of times and compassionate at the best of times . 
 he would be the one to stay behind , to look after his mother if his sister did not return . 
 `` what was the mistake ? '' 
 amelia blurted out . 
 it took a while for daniel to understand her question . 
 `` he wanted to be normal , and with that , came the consequence of existing outside the shadows . 
 they were seen in the light , as nothing more than mortals , '' daniel whispered . 
 the words fell out of his mouth but sounded foreign , as though he had memorised and practised the sentence without understanding it . 
 daniel was more of a bookworm than his sister , and had he been born in a different era , in different circumstances , he could have made a life for himself as a writer . 
 `` so how come it took so long for them to be found ? '' 
 `` they faked their deaths ... '' he paused , wiped his eyes with the back of his hand , and turned to face amelia . 
 the glint of tears swelled in his eyes . 
 she 'd never seen her brother cry except as the result of an injury . 
 she contemplated comforting him , but the tears were enough embarrassment for him . 
 `` dad wanted to live a normal life . 
 he did n't want to fake his own death ... he did it for us , so we could have a normal life . '' 
 `` normal , eh ? '' 
 she said as she rolled her eyes . 
 `` this is as normal as it will ever get for us . '' 
 `` where do i go ? '' 
 `` area seven . 
 there is a man known as the hawk . '' 
 `` and how do you suggest i find this hawk ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 she straightened herself and rested her back against the wooden bedframe . 
 her back ached for reasons unknown to her . 
 `` he 's known in the fighting community . 
 dad would kill me for sending you -- if he were here -- so come back alive . '' 
 with that , he stood and started to towards the door , but amelia grabbed his ankle and looked up at him with eyes full of fear and confusion . 
 `` wait . 
 i 'm not ready for this , '' amelia said . 
 she had initially thought her brother was joking , toying with her , but the grave look on his face told her otherwise . 
 she was n't ready . 
 she wanted her father back just as much as daniel , but she was afraid of failing . 
 the thought of failing was more painful than the thought of death . 
 she could n't be the one to let her family down . 
 `` if you ca n't go , then stay . '' 
 his words stung . 
 pain soon followed , and her trembling hands were cold at the fingertips . 
 her heart throbbed and her tender shoulders tensed . 
 she buried her face in her quivering hands , confused . 
 `` i guess you have n't realised it , but we are being watched and followed . 
 make sure no one follows you , '' daniel whispered . 
 amelia had sensed it before , but her brother 's words confirmed her suspicions . 
 suddenly , she shuffled in her spot on the floor , her eyes darting nervously . 
 daniel hurried out of the door before she had a chance to say anything . 
 for hours , she lay in the same spot , blank and fearful . 
 the idea of failing consumed her , tormented her . 
 she did n't realise until her mother walked in that she was quivering and her limbs had become fixed in one position . 
 `` let 's have some food , '' teresa said . 
 her voice was soft , and although amelia could n't see her face , she knew her mother had that same expression , full of compassion and sadness . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 `` you 're going to wither away . 
 please , '' teresa insisted . 
 amelia pressed her hands on the floor and used the weight in her arms to leverage herself to standing . 
 her body ached . 
 she was coming down with something . 
 her mother stepped towards her . 
 she felt strong hands grasp her under the arms . 
 `` porridge , lots of it , '' teresa said through gleaming teeth . 
 her jet-black hair was brushed back and tied into a bun . 
 the bun was once neat , but now , after her restlessness , strands of hair hung loosely around her face . 
 her lips were prominent against her high cheekbones and her thin , dark eyebrows framed her small , dark eyes . 
 against the streaks of light she looked delicate and beautiful , as though she had been carved with great precision . 
 unlike her mother 's , amelia 's features -- though beautiful and subtle -- were masked by the unruly brown curls that always hung loosely on her shoulders . 
 teresa helped her daughter to the bathroom , amelia 's weight pressing painfully against her shoulder . 
 when had her daughter become so heavy ? 
 teresa did n't flinch as she carried amelia , even though the pain was becoming excruciating . 
 teresa persevered through gritted teeth and deep breathing . 
 amelia grabbed the bathroom door handle and dragged herself in . 
 she collapsed on the toilet seat , fully clothed , and prayed the pain would cease . 
 every couple of years she would find herself suddenly crippled by flu-like symptoms , and for days she would wish death upon herself in an attempt to run away from it . 
 though the treatment for her illness was not expensive in the grand scheme of things , she knew money was scarce . 
 the tears suddenly swelled in her eyes and stung as she bit her thin bottom lip . 
 she let out a small groan . 
 life could n't possibly get any worse . 
 she stretched a shaking hand into the air , as though admiring its frailness . 
 it quivered in the air . 
 she drooped back against the toilet seat and let the tears flow carelessly . 
 `` amelia , are you alright ? '' 
 asked teresa , her soft voice cracking through amelia 's drifting thoughts . 
 the girl raised her head and glanced around the empty bathroom . 
 `` coming . '' 
 amelia sat at the wooden dining table as she ate the hot porridge her mother had prepared . 
 they could n't afford anything more sumptuous . 
 `` you look terrible , '' daniel said . 
 he had n't noticed earlier when he had gone into her room , but now her unruly hair was not the only thing out of place . 
 her skin was pale and dark circles were visible around her hazel eyes . 
 her cracked thin lips curled down . 
 daniel 's face was sad and full of brotherly concern and remorse as he said , `` i 'm sorry for being short with you earlier . '' 
 amelia gulped the food , the warm porridge giving her a false boost of energy . 
 she glanced up for a moment and smiled at her brother . 
 he had a rectangular face with a defined , sturdy jawline . 
 his small grey eyes were spaced evenly and sat below brown eyebrows . 
 his thin lips remained closed as he stared back at her smile . 
 he reminded her so much of her father ; simply looking at him made the tears swell in her eyes . 
 she quickly glanced away and focused on her bowl . 
 the three of them sat in silence , eating their breakfast with concentration . 
 daniel was the first to stand up , his tall , slender body towering over his mother 's petite frame . 
 he placed a steady hand on her shoulder and then walked towards the small kitchen adjacent to the dining room to wash his bowl . 
 the porcelain sink had become worn out from excessive scrubbing ; his mother found great delight in scrubbing everything to the bone . 
 he turned around to say something to her about it to make her smile , but the words refused to come out . 
 shamefully , he turned his back to her and continued to wash . 
 chapter three teresa spent the last few coins she had on her daughter 's treatment . 
 the physician had diagnosed amelia with a viral infection , and teresa then collected the medication from the only chemist nearby . 
 as she gave the money away , she found herself clutching at the coins frightfully . 
 she was not ready to part with them . 
 she had asked the chemist if there was anything less costly she could get to treat her daughter , but the sad look on the young man 's face left her heart empty . 
 she grabbed the small brown bag with the capsules and swiftly walked away , forgetting to thank the young man for his help . 
 a cluster of dark clouds formed in the sky , obscuring the sun . 
 teresa 's lips were crisp with dryness and the skin around her eyes was thin , showing signs of fatigue . 
 in the fading sunlight , she looked frail and ill . 
 she clenched her fist tighter around the brown bag with the antiviral medication . 
 her heart throbbed painfully against her chest ; her breathing had become laboured . 
 abruptly , she stopped on the dismantled pavement , as though she had seen something wicked . 
 her eyes darted back and forth anxiously and the skin between her eyebrows creased softly . 
 she was certain she had seen him , but she could n't believe it . 
 she quickened her pace , holding the bag near her chest . 
 as she walked purposely across the muddy , unkempt street , she recalled her mother 's stories of a time when this place was a safe haven for many . 
 after the third world war in 2023 , almost one-third of the population died . 
 the world had gone into anarchy . 
 food and electricity were scarce and looting became the norm . 
 she recalled herself as a young girl , merely fifteen , darting through a shop and grabbing a loaf of bread without paying for it . 
 twenty-five years later , teresa was still paralysed by the guilt . 
 the world had become a cruel place for those who were unfortunate enough to be born into poor families . 
 education and prosperity were privileges left only for the elite and their kin . 
 of course , the government held elections every three years . 
 they branded and televised it in order to show their pathway to democracy . 
 teresa loathed that term . 
 the internet was heavily censored and the media was clever to ensure information made available to the public would keep them in their place . 
 every so often , when people tried to revolt against the oppression , a young man or woman from a poor background from the four areas would rise to be `` someone , '' and silence would consume the streets again , every man , woman , and child suddenly filled with hope . 
 teresa had hoped her children would have a better future , a future in which humanity rewarded justice and hard work with prosperity instead of showering the greedy with more money . 
 `` oh , sorry , mrs raymond , '' said a small girl as she collided with teresa . 
 teresa stared at the girl . 
 she was no more than twelve years of age . 
 the girl smiled , revealing small , spaced-out , stained teeth , her blonde hair blowing against the wind . 
 teresa did n't think she knew this girl , and the way she smiled was strange ; it seemed as though the girl intended to hit her . 
 teresa smiled and placed a gentle hand on the girl 's small shoulder and walked past her . 
 the encounter unsettled her . 
 this was the second time today she had felt uneasy . 
 teresa stopped abruptly . 
 how did the girl know who she was ? 
 she looked behind to ask her , but she was gone . 
 shaken , teresa walked as fast as her legs could carry her , amongst the crowd and through narrow , dirty alleyways towards home . 
 area eleven , once known as north london , was a ghetto just like the other four areas . 
 the streets were littered with rubbish , faecal matter , urine , and vomit . 
 the air was putrid to inhale , and yet the people had become accustomed to it . 
 those who worked for the government avoided coming to these areas , and when they did , they ensured they did their job `` cleansing '' the areas of all criminals in a mere day . 
 sometime thereafter , teresa arrived home , barely conscious of herself . 
 she gave the antiviral medication to her daughter and sat on the old fabric sofa near the window . 
 for hours she sat there , staring at nothing , until it was time for bed . 
 *** the beginning of nightfall presented itself with bursts of red and orange splatters in the sky . 
 the temperatures had dropped ; nothing remarkable , but enough to get the hair at the back of amelia 's neck to stand up . 
 she edged towards the window and closed it tightly , ensuring no air could weave its way into the room through the small cracks . 
 she sat on her bed for the last time , her vacant eyes searching the room . 
 it had only just dawned on her how much she would miss this place . 
 once more , the tears threatened to come flooding , but she tilted her head back and inhaled loudly in an attempt to stop them . 
 it had now been three days since her father had been taken , and with each day , she found the sadness morphing into rage , directed at everyone and everything . 
 she had fought with her mother and brother and said words that brought a rush of blood to her cheeks as she remembered them . 
 she was remorseful , but she knew if she apologised now , it would seem vain ; instead , she spent her days and nights in her room , plotting . 
 she glanced at the window , where the gentle wind howled and the darkness was difficult to pierce . 
 she grabbed her black rucksack , full of essential clothing and dried food for the journey . 
 adrenaline poured through her pulsating veins , and she felt the irregular thump of a headache threatening to start . 
 she placed a firm finger on her temple and steadied her thoughts . 
 she would find the hawk , and when she did , he would lead her to her father . 
 she stood slowly , tossed the bag over her shoulder , and headed towards the wooden door . 
 she scanned a fleeting eye across her room , sighed , and walked out . 
 as she closed the door , her brother appeared . 
 he stood silently . 
 `` if you do n't come back in ten days , send a message ... '' his voice trailed off , as though something had caught his eye . 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 when he saw nothing there , he began to open his mouth . 
 amelia raised her hand . 
 she understood . 
 abruptly , he threw himself at her and embraced her , his long arms engulfing her in his warmth . 
 daniel was n't usually one for hugging . 
 a small smile crept onto her face as she hugged him back , her head resting on his left shoulder . 
 `` please do n't make me find you , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 she felt the trickle of his salty tears on her neck and stood in his embrace for what felt like an eternity . 
 she pulled back and brushed her clothes , although there was nothing on them . 
 she straightened her posture and placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'll bring dad back , '' she assured him with a smile too broad to be genuine . 
 daniel nodded , his head bobbing up and down . 
 then she noticed her mother in the distance , her eyes transfixed in melancholy on her daughter . 
 guilt paralysed amelia . 
 she stretched a hand out and smiled at her mother , who proceeded to walk in her direction ; her swollen face and the hint of pink in her nose told amelia she had been crying . 
 `` you 're still ill . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , mum . '' 
 `` i love you . 
 you know that , do n't you ? '' 
 teresa asked , smiling weakly . 
 amelia tasted salt before she realised she was crying herself . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i did n't mean to say those horrible words . '' 
 teresa let out a small laugh , startling both her children . 
 `` you 're just like my brother : a complete idiot . '' 
 the three stared at each other and burst into laughter . 
 amelia felt her shoulders drop , and her mother 's embrace cocooned her . 
 after several moments of silence , teresa awkwardly pushed herself back , straightened her clothing , and then sighed loudly . 
 `` i do n't want you to go . '' 
 the words trickled out of teresa 's lips before she knew what she was saying . 
 `` i know , mum , but i have to ; i 'll be back before you know it , '' amelia said , smiling bravely . 
 she tossed the bag over her shoulder and walked resolutely to the door . 
 she knew not to look back ; otherwise she would change her mind . 
 her fear would consume her . 
 so she did what she had to do . 
 she opened the door and briskly walked outside . 
 she raised her head and looked at the sky . 
 glowing orange and red hues painted the sky as the last rays of sunlight brushed over the canvas of white clouds . 
 it appeared as though the day was coming to a peaceful rest , fading beautifully , and yet , without the warmth from the sun 's rays , amelia 's skin grew cold . 
 the damp , chilly air was consuming the warmth the sun had left behind . 
 the rising sliver of moon , eagerly awaiting the departure of the sun , provided a dim light but no warmth . 
 she pulled the sleeves of her black coat over her hands , more from force of habit than against the cold seeping through her clothes . 
 as she crossed the street , the warmth of her home lingered behind her , beckoning for her return . 
 her mother shouted goodbye , but amelia dared not look back ; she raised her hand in the air and waved as she walked away . 
 as she walked , and the darkness sucked away what was left of the daylight , it dawned on her that she had no means to get to area seven . 
 she had lied to her brother and mother when she said she had some money saved . 
 she stopped abruptly , contemplating whether it was too late to turn back . 
 she glanced behind her , her heart thumping against her chest . 
 the front door was closed , along with the window of opportunity . 
 she held onto the strap of her bag and quickened her pace . 
 she would n't think of the warmth she 'd left behind ; the emptiness , coldness , and dangers of the night were now her home . 
 she walked aimlessly for what seemed like a lifetime . 
 she had a vague idea where area seven was , and since buses and trains were beyond her budget , walking was her only option . 
 her legs tingled and her breathing became heavy , her body begging for water . 
 she stopped near a dismantled porch where a beautiful house had once stood . 
 she hung the bag on the gate door , which barely stood on one hinge , and rummaged through the bag for a bottle of water . 
 she sipped enough to moisten her mouth . 
 the cold water trickled down the back of her throat and the sweetness that followed was too tempting , and so the sips turned into gulps . 
 she pulled the bottle away from her mouth forcefully . 
 glancing at the now half-empty bottle , a pinch of annoyance flooded her veins . 
 she forced the bottle back into the bag , this time placing it at the bottom so she would not be tempted again . 
 the darkness left the air empty . 
 streetlamps had stopped working many years ago , so area eleven was plagued by darkness when the last sunrays disappeared . 
 amelia felt the cold on the back of her neck send an electrical pulse ; she quivered for a moment then relaxed . 
 in that moment , she felt something , almost like a presence . 
 she knew it was most likely imaginary , her childish thoughts playing tricks on her as they often did at night . 
 and yet there it was . 
 the smell of a warm-blooded being seemed to be present , lingering , watching . 
 her heart leapt suddenly when she stepped on something . 
 the crunchy sound echoed in the deafening silence . 
 she squinted and found a plastic bag scrunched together in a ball . 
 her heart rate quickened as she grabbed her rucksack tightly and started to run . 
 she was being watched ; she was certain of it . 
 the dismantled pavements became a blur as the surge of adrenaline urged her body on , bringing with it warmth and sweat . 
 the steady thump of her footsteps echoed in her ears , and as her heart rate increased further , she felt safe , knowing her feet would carry her for a great distance . 
 sometimes , she was grateful for the poverty and hardship in which she had been raised . 
 no , she was not merely grateful ; she had come to understand that this would be a weapon . 
 chapter four for hours , walking and running sucked the energy out of her . 
 inevitably , her body came to a crisis point , incapable of pushing itself further . 
 amelia cursed under her breath as she gasped for air . 
 she had convinced herself that even with the long nights autumn brought , she could walk till daylight . 
 but as she stared at her watch and the darkness in the sky , the specks of hope evaporated . 
 the sound of crunching leaves and a swerving car caught her attention . 
 a man got out of the car . 
 `` what 's a pretty girl like you doing here at this time of night ? '' 
 she turned and looked at the man who stood before her . 
 in the darkness , his features were nothing more than a sketch . 
 she felt uneasy . 
 he took several steps towards amelia while she stood still , paralysed , curious to see who roamed the night with her . 
 her eyes had adjusted to the darkness , and as he came nearer , the moon provided enough light to see his face . 
 he had dark circles under his eyes and his once full , round cheeks were sunken . 
 his lips were dry and his left hand twitched . 
 his pale skin glistened in the moonlight and his face bore no distinct lines to reveal his age . 
 his features were profoundly alluring ; the effect was indescribable and yet familiar . 
 his auburn hair was ruffled and short , falling just below his earlobes ; as he took a final step , the moonlight revealed a scar on his right cheek that looked out of place . 
 `` i like to go for a walk at night , '' amelia said . 
 her voice sounded forced and unnatural . 
 he had caught the lie ; she was certain of it from the way his right eyebrow arched . 
 `` perhaps i can give you a lift to where you 're going , '' smiled the man , revealing crooked and yellow teeth . 
 `` walking is better , thank you , '' amelia said forcefully as she turned on her heels . 
 the man reached out with his hand and grabbed her above the elbow . 
 his grip was tight and painful . 
 amelia stopped . 
 she turned to face him and dropped her hands by her sides , as if in defeat . 
 the man retracted his hand and pursed his thin pink lips . 
 `` i did n't ... '' amelia punched his nose with a clenched fist , and then elbowed his chest . 
 the man heaved and gagged . 
 he hurled a careless punch against her face and the tip of his knuckles collided with her lips . 
 amelia took a step back ; the surge of adrenaline from the hit made her heart pound . 
 she leaned forward , grabbed his collar , pulled his hair back , and then threw him on the ground before ramming her foot against his left ribcage . 
 the man choked and screamed in agony , and the trickle of crimson blood from his nose made her remember her father 's words : you should fight to disable , not to kill . 
 she looked at the man , who had curled into a foetal position , and she ran into the distance before he had a chance to regain his balance . 
 `` i 'll find you ! '' 
 he screamed after her . 
 his eyes gleamed with rage as he spat blood on the ground . 
 amelia glanced back as she continued to run ; the man was now nothing but a mere speck in the distance . 
 she had created enough of a gap between them , and for that , a smile crept into her lips . 
 she eased her pace and slowed to a casual stroll , her feet lighter than ever against the ground . 
 the tingling sensation in her lower lip made her come to a sudden halt . 
 her lips tasted of blood . 
 she ran a gentle finger over the wound to assess the damage . 
 a streak of red blood that seemed more diluted than usual was smudged on the tip of her finger . 
 she stared at it curiously before licking it . 
 the taste of metal engulfed her senses , and as she pressed into the wound with her teeth , the taste got stronger and more bitter . 
 when the wound refused to stop bleeding , she placed pressure on the site and continued to walk aimlessly . 
 she looked at the sky , almost pleading for bursts of sunlight , but her eyes were met by the dull moon . 
 she sighed and persevered on . 
 the thought of home and a bed flickered through her mind as she passed a row of abandoned houses to her right . 
 she walked up to one of them . 
 she kicked open the glass door , which was barely hinged , revealing a small landing . 
 the stench of old , dank cloth hovered around the door . 
 with an air of martyrdom , she pulled the carved door handle as it let out a small creak and crept cautiously into the darkness . 
 with every step , the damp smell intensified , and her nostrils flared in distaste . 
 she wrinkled her nose and tried to focus on the darkness rather than the unbearable stench that lingered . 
 she felt uncertain about this , but what choice did she have ? 
 `` is this the house of mr and mrs lisbon ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 her voice echoed through the hollowness ; no one responded . 
 she did not know a mr and mrs lisbon , but hoped if the owners were at home , they would pity her , thinking she was lost . 
 no one replied and the silence stretched . 
 `` if you can hear me , please help , '' she continued , her voice more steady . 
 she paused for a minute . 
 silence . 
 she let out a sigh and turned to the right , where the living room was . 
 in the darkness , it was hard to make out , but she could see the outline of what appeared to be a sofa in the back of the room . 
 she walked towards it and collapsed on it . 
 the stench of worn-out leather and damp tickled the back of her throat . 
 unable to bear the stench , she moved to the cold floor . 
 she took the grey winter cloak from her bag and used it to cover herself . 
 she placed her right arm under her head and held tightly onto the bag with her left . 
 with the sofa against her back , she felt safe , knowing she had a complete view of the room . 
 she listened to her own breathing pattern until it grew heavy and thick . 
 her eyes flickered in slow motion and her body relaxed to welcome the early start of a sleeping daze . 
 her heavy eyelids drooped over her eyes and the hard , cold floor pressed against her skin as amelia curled into a more comfortable position . 
 when she failed to drop off , she tried to focus on something that would soothe her to sleep : the abandoned fireplace on the left-hand side of the room near where she lay . 
 the last thing she saw was the everlasting darkness . 
 the sun bled various shades of red and orange as it crept over the horizon . 
 the flickers of red spread across the sky , reflecting off the cracked glass window . 
 the coolness of the night breeze had withered away to make room for the early morning warmth that would soon follow . 
 the sound of gentle footsteps awoke amelia . 
 she leapt up and , through heavy eyes , scanned the room , her feet firm on the floor as she held herself in a squatting position . 
 nothing . 
 her heart rate slowed as she melted into the floor again with a sigh . 
 she had slept for several hours on the hard flooring ; her body ached . 
 with a cautious eye , she rolled the cloak into her bag and dusted the dirt from her clothing . 
 she peered around the empty living room and concluded that it looked better in the darkness . 
 rubbing her dry mouth and tracing her fingertip along her wound , she concluded that it had healed with no blood residue . 
 for that , she was grateful , but she needed water . 
 hurling the bag over her shoulder and tying her hair into a neat bun , she explored the house . 
 amelia walked towards the main entrance and tiptoed into the back of the corridor where she assumed the kitchen would be . 
 her guess was correct . 
 she opened both taps and waited as trickles of water dribbled . 
 she cupped her hand and collected the droplets , her patience wearing thin . 
 she washed her face with the little water she collected ; then the sound of creaking footsteps made her jump out of her skin . 
 she whirled around , her hands up in defence , her body tense as water droplets trickled down her cheeks . 
 a young girl stood by the door . 
 she had pale skin to match water-hued eyes . 
 her nose was delicately carved against her round apple cheeks . 
 her long blonde hair hung loosely against her small frame . 
 she wore a navy blue dress with long sleeves and a gold hem just below her knees . 
 her skinny legs were covered with black tights . 
 she looked frightfully delicate , and as she took two steps forward , amelia found herself cringing and backing away . 
 she knew better than to be afraid of this child , who looked no more than twelve . 
 but there was something strange about her . 
 `` i 'm lost ; will you help me find home ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` how did you know someone was in this house ? '' 
 `` guessed , '' she replied , smiling , revealing small , spaced-out , stained teeth . 
 amelia did n't like her . 
 there was something peculiar , something unsettling about her . 
 afraid to show her feelings , amelia forced a smile . 
 `` i ca n't really help you . 
 i 'm trying to find home too . '' 
 `` maybe you can look after me ? '' 
 she beckoned . 
 she stretched out her delicate hand , pulsating with green and blue veins . 
 amelia felt the sadness in the girl 's eyes drown her , suffocate her into submission . 
 `` i 'll try my best . '' 
 the girl ran to her and embraced her , wrapping her small arms around amelia 's waist . 
 amelia smiled and stroked her soft hair , and although she did n't know where fate was taking her , she could n't help but feel fearful . 
 she tried to tug the girl away gently but she refused to move , her body glued to amelia 's . 
 she felt a stab of paralysing panic . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' the girl whispered . 
 her voice , though sweet and innocent , sounded forced , and amelia tried to contain her fear . 
 she slowly tugged away from the girl 's tight grip and steadied herself , only to be pulled forcefully by the hand . 
 the girl 's hand , frail and soft , had far more power than amelia could have imagined . 
 amelia stumbled behind her , dragging her bag with her right hand . 
 the water left on her face was icy . 
 she watched the girl 's small frame bob with sheer adrenaline across the corridor , through the wooden door , and into the bright day . 
 amelia placed her hand over her face to block the blinding light . 
 chapter five as the sun set and the shadows of the evening crept in , amelia followed the young girl through back passageways of area seven . 
 although the girl had said she was n't completely sure where her home was , amelia did not believe her . 
 all she knew was there was something unsettling about the girl . 
 the girl was called elysia , a name amelia had never heard in all her years . 
 `` does your name mean anything ? '' 
 `` blissfully sweet . '' 
 amelia was becoming accustomed to her near-silent companion . 
 even though she spoke little , it was comforting to have a traveling partner . 
 it also helped that elysia had enough money to enable them to take the route ten bus to area seven . 
 at one point , amelia wanted to ask how elysia had come to have such money in her possession , but in fear of being abandoned , she remained silent , occasionally glancing at elysia 's frail frame out of curiosity . 
 amelia glanced around as darkness clouded the sky . 
 she did n't know where she was . 
 the houses looked just like those in area eleven : old , withered , and abandoned . 
 the sky was full of stars and a soft , warm breeze rustled the leaves scattered on the ground . 
 even in the emptiness of the night , the air was heavy with the stench of bodies . 
 her nostrils flared in disgust . 
 an expression of deepest revulsion flashed across her face for a moment . 
 she heaved at the smell of something dead . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 elysia turned to face her . 
 her pale face seemed to almost glow in the darkness . 
 did a bilious , spiteful smile wander over her thin , pink lips for a fraction of a second ? 
 amelia was certain of it . 
 chilled and shivering , more from fear than the cold , she stared at the girl , whose expression loosened . 
 elysia quickly forced an exaggerated smile and said , `` this place always smells like this . '' 
 `` i thought you said you did n't know where we were going ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 everything felt saturated with the pungent smell . 
 it was so stuffy . 
 her breathing had suddenly become uneven . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' the words came out of her mouth as little more than an indistinct whisper . 
 just as the smell was there , it was gone . 
 the air suddenly became clear and welcoming . 
 the pressure in her chest that threatened to explode into a piercing pain ceased . 
 amelia straightened herself . 
 she stared at elysia . 
 her eyes were met with the twinkling of innocence . 
 there was something wrong . 
 very wrong . 
 elysia grabbed her hand and pulled her into a small path . 
 the path was seldom used and overgrown , and the branches thrashed beside them in the wind . 
 `` i remember where home is now . 
 you can rest there for a bit . '' 
 amelia shrugged away the last tendrils of fear that gripped her and followed elysia through the darkness . 
 she dared not look anywhere but straight ahead . 
 in the darkness that surrounded her , she feared even a curious glance would be dangerous . 
 she screeched loudly as her foot caught on something . 
 panicked , she leaped forward , racing through the darkness , almost forgetting elysia . 
 the silence lay so heavily , she could feel it dropping over the night . 
 then , with no warning at all , they burst from the pathway into a dimly lit street . 
 she felt elysia 's small hand tugging at her coat , her eyes dilated against the unwelcomed light . 
 amelia felt a cold shiver trickle down her spine , tingling . 
 `` where is this ? '' 
 `` you 'll become famous , '' elysia said as she laughed through her nose , her small body heaving and shaking . 
 amelia , confused by the sudden change in character , flinched . 
 but by now , elysia had once again turned into the innocent girl she had first met , the darkness that lurked within only barely visible . 
 amelia , once again convinced herself that she was merely a damaged child , nothing more . 
 she stepped into the street and , to her surprise , it was littered with people . 
 it was n't overcrowded , but certainly nothing like area eleven , where everyone hid inside their homes as the last streak of sunlight disappeared from the sky . 
 `` i know you know more than you 're telling me , elysia . '' 
 `` and what exactly do you think i know ? '' 
 her voice was nothing more than a contained whisper . 
 `` for a start , you give me the impression that you 're a poor , innocent , and ignorant waif , and yet you articulate well and beyond your age . '' 
 `` i like reading . '' 
 books , although not banned , were scarce , and those who found comfort in the pages of writing had to go to internet stores , paying for their daily fix . 
 there had been a time when libraries were scattered across the country , but after the war , society had no use for them . 
 as amelia became accustomed to the light , her nerves rose to taunt her once again . 
 it was now clear that the ringing in her ears was a warning as she watched the crowd walk in one direction like zombies . 
 she started to say something , but the words drowned in her fear . 
 someone placed a large firm hand over her mouth and dragged her body into the dark pathway . 
 she felt a blow against the side of her head ; the piercing pain left her nauseated . 
 yet it was not shock , but a different feeling , more like dread , that seized her . 
 she did not recall anything else in that moment , except elysia 's exaggerated smile and her tender hand always beckoning her . 
 she forced herself to concentrate on staying conscious , to remain alive , but in the sinking darkness , she found comfort , a delightful peace that her body yearned for . 
 chapter six `` she should have woken up by now . '' 
 `` she will . 
 she is stronger than she seems ... '' elysia paused , smiling and looking over her shoulder as though greeting someone . 
 `` besides , have i ever let you down ? '' 
 amelia struggled to open her heavy eyelids . 
 the hoarse , strained voice of a man pierced her ears . 
 `` i need her to recover quickly , '' he snapped , his voice echoing in the room . 
 amelia , in her agitated state , was beginning to shiver . 
 she forced herself up from the small , lumpy bed she had been thrown onto . 
 she looked around the room ; it was a prison cell with bars . 
 there was nothing but the worn-out bed and a bucket in the cell . 
 in front of her , on the other side of the bars , stood none other than elysia , her small frame juxtaposed against the tall man who stood beside her . 
 the feeling of boundless loathing amelia had tried to suppress rose within her . 
 all the questions she had suppressed flared up at once in her consciousness . 
 she stood sharply and walked to the metal bars , pain radiating through her right arm . 
 turning cold and barely aware of herself , she clutched the metal bars and spat at elysia . 
 elysia 's small , consumptive face showed little remorse . 
 she opened her pursed lips ; the words hung in the air like thick fog , `` she 's just perfect , diablo . '' 
 `` perfect for what ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 elysia , uninterested in her question , walked out of the room , leaving behind nothing but bitterness and raging anger in amelia 's throat . 
 she wanted to break that thin neck -- no , yearned for it . 
 she should have known better than to trust a stranger . 
 diablo , who had stood silently during the whole ordeal moved closer towards the bars . 
 he was tall , with sharp features . 
 his dark emerald eyes looked out of place against his pale skin and dark blonde hair . 
 he smiled at her , revealing tobacco-stained teeth . 
 he had a seductive smile , punctuated by a small dimple on his right cheek . 
 `` she tells me you can fight , '' diablo said . 
 `` she 's a liar , '' amelia said through gritted teeth , not so much out of hatred but from the shooting pain that threatened to paralyse her . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 because if you ca n't fight , then i have no choice but to kill you ... '' his voice trailed off as he studied her , seemingly assessing her strength . 
 `` i 'm sure you can appreciate that in my line of work , discretion is essential . '' 
 the information was too much to take in all at once . 
 amelia , though confused , understood the implications of his words . 
 bored with his torment , she nodded with a heavy head . 
 `` supposing i can fight , how do i get out of this place you have built for yourself ? '' 
 `` empire , '' he corrected , his eyes narrowing to slits . 
 `` you get a percentage of the winnings -- if you win , of course . 
 and you can buy yourself out before someone else does . 
 very simple , really . '' 
 tiny droplets of cold sweat dribbled down her forehead and a peculiar feeling of exhaustion consumed her thoughts until they pounded in her head , endlessly thrashing against her temples . 
 her eyes glazed over and her thoughts were incomprehensible even to herself . 
 `` when can i start ? '' 
 `` oh , you 're so keen . 
 i love it ! '' 
 he laughed and walked away . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 cried amelia , the tears swelling before she had a chance to fight them back . 
 but he had vanished . 
 she collapsed to the hard floor , her hands still gripping the metal bars . 
 all at once , a flood of emotions shook her already overwrought nerves and her anger was replaced by hysterical laughter . 
 `` can you be quiet , please ? '' 
 came a voice . 
 it had n't occurred to amelia that there could be others like her , trapped and kept as fighting animals . 
 she heaved herself up and leaned against the metal bars ; she looked to the right and left . 
 it looked like someone 's basement , not much bigger than that . 
 the room extended beyond her periphery to the right and left . 
 the basement was so large that amelia could not see all of it . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she whispered into the empty air , searching for the voice , hope rising within her . 
 `` they call me ace . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` the devil and his deranged daughter . '' 
 small laughter twittered in the darkness , dispersing the emptiness and fear that hung over amelia 's shoulder . 
 `` how many of you are there ? '' 
 `` eleven , including you , '' ace said . 
 amelia smiled to herself . 
 `` they recruit frequently ? '' 
 amelia asked , though she knew the answer before he replied . 
 `` only when one of us dies or gets sold on . '' 
 `` i 'll break elysia with her doll-like eyes ! '' 
 amelia said . 
 another voice rose in the darkness , replacing ace 's -- this time , that of a girl . 
 `` we 've all tried that . 
 she 's not the enemy . '' 
 as far as amelia knew , there was truth to the statement . 
 her heart sank . 
 she slithered back to her bed , lay on her back , and stared at the ceiling . 
 sometime after that , she drifted off . 
 she was jolted back to consciousness into the darkness of the dimly lit room by terrible shouting . 
 she found herself becoming flustered , almost frightened . 
 she turned on her right side and gazed into the emptiness . 
 fear was taking hold of her more and more . 
 then she heard footsteps coming from the depths of the room . 
 diablo had returned , this time with a plate of food in his right hand and a cup in his left . 
 she could have sworn she saw a twinkle in his eyes as he came closer . 
 his blue shirt showed off his lean body whilst the black trousers were too long for his height . 
 `` i bear gifts , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` i do n't need them , '' amelia snapped as she looked at him intently and spitefully . 
 he stared back at her . 
 a minute of silence passed and she saw something like mock indignation in his eyes as he bit his lower lip . 
 diablo bent over and placed the plate and cup carefully on the ground , his eyes still fixed on hers . 
 she stared at him as he disappeared once more . 
 tormented by burning thirst and hunger , she discarded her stubbornness and walked towards the food and water . 
 she peered at the plate , at the dried and overcooked potato with green vegetables and cream sauce drizzled on top . 
 it looked enticing . 
 suddenly , the memory of her mother 's cooking came flooding back . 
 `` eat it , '' ace said in a hoarse , strained voice . 
 she reached a quivering hand between the metal bars but quickly flinched back as though burned . 
 she stared at the food longingly . 
 a gush of saliva flooded her mouth and she had to swallow more frequently . 
 `` what if it 's poisoned ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 `` you 're now as valuable as gold to him . 
 he would not poison you . '' 
 the certainty in ace 's voice made her heart pound until she felt she might die from the increased pressure in her chest . 
 without thinking , she grabbed a piece of potato and quickly gobbled it down , each bite sending squirts of tangy saliva into her mouth . 
 in hunger , anything tasted delicious , she thought to herself . 
 though it was certainly nothing like her mother 's food , it was better than she 'd had in a few days . 
 she finished the potato and vegetables and washed them down with the water . 
 her hunger and thirst satisfied , she lay back down and quickly fell asleep . 
 in the dark of the night , amelia was jolted back to consciousness by what sounded like the terrible screaming of a child being tortured . 
 but it was only the screeching of metal on metal as a cell door opened . 
 she peered through the darkness , her eyes incapable of quickly adjusting . 
 for days , she had remained in the cage , and aside from relieving herself in the bucket and being fed , she lay on the bed , plotting the inconceivable . 
 `` today is the beginning of the fighting season , '' diablo said . 
 although she could n't see his face , she was certain there was a small smile plastered there . 
 another man , short , with a grey moustache and sensible eyes , opened the metal doors of her cell and looked attentively at amelia before moving to the next cage . 
 almost instantly , elysia appeared behind him with her innocent doll eyes and pink cheeks . 
 amelia hurled herself at the girl without much thought . 
 however , she was too slow : elysia darted to the right with one casual step and amelia fumbled to the ground . 
 elysia twisted her lips in pity , and as her pale face shone in the darkness , amelia caught her expression . 
 this time , it was nothing like that of the child she had accompanied for days . 
 this time , it was like that of an adult trapped in the body of a child . 
 she was almost frightened by the girl 's expression . 
 as though nothing had happened , amelia dusted herself off and regained her posture . 
 she would n't make the same mistake . 
 next time , she would n't miss . 
 one by one , the prisoners were all escorted up an unstable wooden staircase out of the basement . 
 amelia glanced over her shoulder and noted only two small windows on both sides of the room . 
 too small , she thought . 
 someone pushed her from behind in an attempt to get her to walk faster . 
 obediently , she quickened her pace and followed the group . 
 the darkness started to melt and the light that came from the door blinded her . 
 as she drew nearer and the light become more unbearable , she raised her hand to block the glow that seemed to be omnipresent . 
 once they reached the landing , they were escorted into what appeared to be a sports court , fenced on all four sides . 
 the place was crowded with people and the smell of alcohol drenched the brightly lit hall . 
 with every step amelia took , the crowd whispered and murmured amongst themselves , their voices causing her to tremble . 
 her nervous trembling turned into some sort of fever , and even in the warmth of the place , she began to shiver . 
 she wore a grey jumper on top of her short-sleeved shirt , with black trousers . 
 how she yearned for her coat . 
 the crowd shuffled amongst themselves in anticipation of the new addition to the team . 
 their eyes gleamed with unrestrained excitement . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 shouted a man . 
 amelia tried to figure out where the voice was coming from but found no one . 
 `` tonight is going to be incredible , that much i can guarantee you all -- and i 'm sure we 'll see things we have n't seen before . '' 
 he spoke for several minutes , but amelia drifted off sometime after he started speaking . 
 fear and confusion clouding her thoughts , she tried to see if she could find ace amongst the other ten members . 
 all she had was a male voice to go by , which meant four of the team members were eliminated based on sex . 
 a young girl with scruffy ginger curls stood by her right , her small , beady dark eyes fixed on the crowd as she mumbled words under her breath . 
 amelia nudged her and asked who ace was . 
 the girl looked back through vacant eyes , then returned to staring at the crowd . 
 amelia found the girl irritable and inattentive ; her eyes flitted from one side to the other , and then she scratched the back of her neck . 
 amelia learned later that the girl 's name was vacant , befitting in every sense . 
 chapter seven `` please give a warm welcome to sue ! '' 
 diablo shouted , his voice echoing through the overcrowded arena . 
 amelia stood beside him , and a young girl with vibrant red hair emerged from the group of fighters . 
 diablo slithered past amelia , whispering , `` crush her . '' 
 sue stood before amelia , pacing back and forth eagerly . 
 then , without warning , sue threw the first punch , her small frame gliding across the floor . 
 amelia ducked and regained her posture . 
 she stared at her opponent . 
 her small freckled face twisted as she paced past amelia . 
 she paused . 
 then , suddenly , she threw her weight at amelia 's waist . 
 amelia , too slow , felt the painful jab at her stomach . 
 both fell to the ground . 
 the hard floor sent a shooting pain to the back of amelia 's skull . 
 sue regained her posture and hurled herself on top of amelia . 
 amelia struggled under her . 
 she could n't understand how such a lightweight could be giving her such a hard time . 
 at school , she was always the quickest , the strongest . 
 but in this place , she was nothing but a newcomer , and one who was struggling miserably . 
 the smell of sweat and body odour lingered in the air like a thick fog . 
 amelia 's heart pounded against her chest , causing her throat to constrict . 
 for a moment , she felt as though she would collapse . 
 the room was swarmed with cheering faces . 
 without thinking , and with the rush of adrenaline seeping through her pores like venom , she abandoned rationality . 
 in the wake of darkness , she allowed her fears of being defeated to morph into the unimaginable . 
 she grabbed sue 's hair and pulled it back . 
 sue screamed in agony . 
 amelia let go of her hair and shuffled backwards . 
 the two girls stared at each other for a while , both waiting for an opportunity . 
 amelia raised her right leg just above her chest . 
 sue , having seen it , placed her forearm in front of her face . 
 the kick collided with her right forearm . 
 sue bent over , holding her injured arm , and amelia grabbed her hair , pulled it backwards , and smashed her elbow against sue 's face . 
 the crowd cheered as sue staggered . 
 no longer able to keep her posture , she fell to the floor . 
 amelia slammed her knuckles against her chin . 
 the cheers were so loud ; they felt like the air itself . 
 amelia shouted as she spun around , swung her body sideways , and ducked . 
 she deflected sue 's blow with her forearm but lost her bearing in the process . 
 sue threw a punch . 
 her fist collided with amelia 's nose . 
 amelia wailed as she pinched the bridge of her nose . 
 unable to control the pain , she let her legs give way and sank to her knees . 
 sue took this window of opportunity and hurled a kick against her chin . 
 the loud crack echoed in amelia 's ear . 
 she cried in agony . 
 the crowd roared whilst amelia lay curled on the ground . 
 `` if you die here , who will find your father ? '' 
 she asked herself . 
 with a sudden surge of energy , amelia jumped up , placed her legs at shoulder width , bent her knees , and waited . 
 this time , she would take the defence . 
 she had to learn the behaviour of her opponent . 
 watch for patterns . 
 only then would she be able to fight back . 
 sue , almost sensing amelia 's goal , paused . 
 she stood tall , but then dropped her arms to her sides and waited . 
 her forehead was shining with sweat . 
 the loud booing from the crowd rang in amelia 's head . 
 suddenly , amelia grabbed sue 's right arm , twisted it behind her back , and kicked the backs of her knees . 
 sue 's frail body tumbled to the ground . 
 amelia grabbed her head and thrashed it against the floor . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 someone cried in the distance . 
 then the person fell silent , as though their voice had failed them . 
 amelia stood up and glanced at the still body . 
 a man came to sue 's aid and turned her over . 
 her face was dripping with crimson blood . 
 amelia , in that moment , was white as a sheet . 
 suddenly , horror swept her heart . 
 sue turned her deathly pale face to her ; she twisted her lips weakly in an attempt to utter something . 
 amelia bent close to the girl . 
 `` they 're looking for you , '' sue mumbled through a bloody mouth . 
 guilt overpowered amelia and , as she tried to edge closer to find out more , diablo grabbed her hand and raised it to the crowd , declaring her the victor . 
 `` the stakes have been raised , '' he shouted to the crowd . 
 the words meant nothing to amelia as she stared at sue 's broken body being rushed away . 
 she prayed hard for her survival . 
 her sanity relied on sue living . 
 she did n't intend to cause her such harm , but somewhere in the middle of the fight , she had lost herself . 
 she had become consumed with rage . 
 what exactly did sue mean by , they 're looking for you ? 
 who were they ? 
 the crowd chanted , `` angel ! '' 
 as they shook the barbed wire fences of the arena . 
 she feared they would break through and kill her until she realised they were cheering her . 
 `` does the winner want to say anything to the crowd ? '' 
 diablo whispered in her ear . 
 his breath was hot and the stench of alcohol was nauseating . 
 she shook her head and slipped behind him , and he took her out of the arena . 
 the other team members stared at the ground as she walked past . 
 was it shame they felt on her behalf ? 
 what had she done ? 
 the questions that floated in her thoughts had no answers and she continued to torment herself as she sat on the bench , watching the others fighting like animals . 
 her heart rate slowed to normal , and the warmth she had felt during the fight was replaced by a chill that seeped through her veins . 
 she glanced around to see why it was so cold . 
 sometime during the fight , she had removed her jumper , and the black t-shirt she wore was not enough to keep her warm . 
 she wrapped her arms around herself and sprawled on the wooden bench , facing the arena . 
 ace was fighting next . 
 he had broad shoulders and was of muscular build . 
 he had a rectangular face with a sharply defined and sturdy jawline . 
 his dark , soft ebony skin glistened under the radiance of the arena 's light . 
 his small brown eyes sat below thick unruly eyebrows . 
 his thick lips remained closed as he stared into the crowd . 
 his jet-black hair was tied neatly with a thin leather strap to reveal a wide forehead . 
 his fight was short and swift . 
 it seemed as though he was playing with his opponent . 
 he darted back and forth and dodged each punch and kick as though it were merely a game . 
 he was too smooth . 
 a pinch of jealously soared through amelia 's veins . 
 abruptly , as ace was looking at the crowd , gloating through evenly spaced white teeth , his opponent 's kick collided with his face . 
 ace tumbled backwards and fell to the ground . 
 the sound of a crack pierced through the crowd 's roar . 
 his opponent suddenly had the upper hand . 
 he punched repeatedly at ace 's face whilst ace lay motionless beneath him . 
 the crowd gasped , then came to a sudden silence . 
 ace 's opponent was thin and of lanky physique , and with every punch , ace merely twitched . 
 then ace grabbed his opponent 's shoulders and pushed him back with such force that he stumbled back several feet . 
 ace swiftly stood up , raced towards the other boy , and let his large bare feet crush against his chest . 
 the sound of cracking ribs and the piercing cry sent shivers down amelia 's spine . 
 ace then did something remarkable . 
 he grabbed the young man with one arm and held him up . 
 he stared at the crowd and raised his right arm to the crowd . 
 the crowd screeched with unbearable excitement as the young man heaved and coughed . 
 ace had shown mercy , something amelia was incapable of doing . 
 her heart raced and the pounding rang in her ears . 
 in the chaos and chanting , amelia drifted . 
 she had proved herself to be a brutal asset . 
 however , as she sat on the bench , bile lingered in her throat . 
 had she lost a part of her soul in an attempt to survive ? 
 would there ever be salvation for her crimes ? 
 as she tormented herself with these thoughts , she almost failed to notice the crowd hastening out of the arena . 
 the games had come to an end . 
 it seemed like minutes , but from the numbness radiating down her spine as she stood up , she knew no less than several hours had passed . 
 she glanced over the crowd one last time . 
 men , women , and children rushed past her . 
 something uncomfortable about their very presence sent a chill down her spine , yet she could not say for certain what alarmed her . 
 among the crowd , someone stood out . 
 it appeared to be a man , but she could n't be too certain . 
 the hood on his black cloak covered his head and most of his face except his lips , which seemed to curl into a smirk . 
 just as quickly as she had seen him , he vanished into the crowd . 
 someone pushed her forward and her gaze was pulled away . 
 reluctantly , she walked through a small corridor that led to the staircase . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 `` we have no use for time , '' ace said , his voice hoarse and heavy . 
 was it guilt he felt ? 
 amelia darted through the other team members and walked beside him . 
 the smell of sweat and blood made her nostrils flare and she wondered if she smelled just as bad . 
 `` why did n't you finish the fight ? '' 
 amelia asked quietly , her voice barely audible even to her . 
 ace watched her through glazed eyes . 
 his dark eyes were captivating . 
 they drowned her in darkness and she had to hold back a shiver . 
 he opened his mouth for a moment , and then closed it , shaking his head . 
 he walked faster , as though avoiding her . 
 amelia , annoyed by his response , quickened her pace . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why did you feel the need to smash sue 's head even after you had won ? '' 
 amelia paused . 
 why did the words feel so painful ? 
 `` i did n't know i had won , '' she replied . 
 `` then how did you know i did n't finish my fight ? '' 
 amelia did n't like him . 
 she had convinced herself that his bark was more dangerous than his bite , but his cold words made her think otherwise . 
 `` everyone has their style . 
 i do n't like to cripple another , '' ace continued . 
 as much as he was right , she did n't want to give him the satisfaction . 
 had her father been there at that very moment , she would have seen shame in his eyes . 
 `` how long have you been a fighter ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` a year , maybe two . '' 
 `` why have n't you tried to escape ? '' 
 her question caught him off guard . 
 he looked at her , confusion twinkling in his eyes . 
 he smiled and continued walking . 
 he had a kind smile . 
 she wondered if he was always like this . 
 before she had a chance to catch up with him , someone placed a firm hand on her shoulder . 
 startled , she turned around . 
 `` he likes to be quiet after a fight . '' 
 a tall girl of broad build who went by the name of rose stared back at her . 
 her grey eyes were framed by short blonde hair . 
 she wore a black long - sleeved shirt and trousers . 
 amelia nodded and slowed her pace , her eyes still fixed on ace . 
 `` you ca n't escape this place , '' rose uttered . 
 `` there must be a way , '' amelia said . 
 a young man with a defined , muscular jawline raised his head ; his brown eyes glowed with hope . 
 he had heard the conversation and beamed too broadly for his small mouth . 
 nervously , amelia glanced around to see if anyone else had heard . 
 everyone seemed too far away or distracted to notice . 
 she sighed loudly and let a small whimper of frustration escape her lips . 
 rose and the boy -- whose name amelia did not know -- laughed at amelia 's agitation . 
 diablo glanced around . 
 his eyes paused on amelia , and then he turned around . 
 she looked at rose and contemplated whether she would make a good friend . 
 friends were a liability in area eleven . 
 she liked the idea of having a companion who was not a threat , for a change . 
 in that moment of insanity she had forgotten her circumstances . 
 she had drifted from her goals so quickly that the thought frightened her . 
 they descended the staircase silently as she thought of her father . 
 a small cry escaped her lips as she thought of him , and she quickly placed a palm over her mouth to stifle the sound . 
 `` angel , come to the front . '' 
 it took a moment for amelia to realise diablo was referring to her . 
 she darted through the group and stood by the landing . 
 `` my name is amelia , '' she hissed through gritted teeth . 
 `` angel is your new name . '' 
 chapter eight amelia lay on the hard bed and stared into the darkness her eyes had become accustomed to . 
 she had turned and twisted for hours . 
 she had thought of a hundred ways she could escape . 
 yet with every idea that popped into her head , the magnitude of the escape agitated her . 
 what had become of her mother and brother ? 
 was her father even alive ? 
 she stared into the emptiness and fidgeted , longing for the end of the night . 
 she yearned for someone to talk to in the hope of finding answers she could not find on her own . 
 suddenly , she heard two distinct treads walking carefully down the stairs . 
 they echoed in the silence . 
 she gritted her teeth and closed her eyes as though afraid their eyes could pierce the darkness and they would notice she was awake . 
 `` you have to get rid of her . 
 she 's a liability who does n't know her own strength , '' said a man whose voice she did not recognise . 
 `` since when is the death of an opponent anything but a part of the game ? '' 
 the question betrayed diablo 's intense annoyance . 
 `` this is n't about death . 
 sue is alive and better than ever , but the issue here is that this one is unpredictable , without self-control , and that 's never a good sign . '' 
 `` word has spread of new and fresh blood . 
 she 's a rough diamond , that 's all . '' 
 amelia was aware they were referring to her , but her thoughts drifted as she heard the good news about sue . 
 the guilt that had haunted her for three days disappeared as though it had never been there . 
 `` mark my words , diablo : she will be the fall of your empire , '' snorted the other man . 
 she continued to listen but heard nothing after that . 
 sometime after , amelia drifted off . 
 she curled into a foetal position and slept peacefully that night . 
 *** the morning was so damp and misty , day succeeded in breaking only with great difficulty . 
 and as the day dawned , amelia twisted in her bed , a gentle breeze suddenly floating into the stuffy basement . 
 the sudden ruffling sound of the padlock awoke amelia , to her dismay . 
 `` training day . '' 
 she opened her eyes to find elysia standing before her . 
 her smile , in spite of its sweetness , was a little too thin . 
 a tinge of colour suddenly suffused her pale face and as she held the door open for amelia , her eyes gleamed with excitement . 
 amelia looked at her this time without the stain of anger clouding her vision . 
 she truly was a remarkably pretty girl -- her hair too vibrant and her eyes too big for her face -- her small ashen ankles dancing against the velvet dress she wore . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to practice in the arena , angel , '' elysia said , without taking the trouble to conceal the irony of her tone . 
 she walked swiftly past amelia with the door ajar . 
 amelia wanted to feel remorse for this child , if she could call her that , but every time she tried , it was too difficult . 
 she had always been slow to forgive , a trait abhorrent to her father . 
 he had tried so hard to make her forgive as a child , and had failed too many times to count . 
 one by one , each of the members walked out of his or her cell until only amelia was left . 
 she still sat on the hard bed , her eyes barely open . 
 `` hurry up ! '' 
 elysia shouted . 
 they followed her through the twists and turns of corridors , barely taking note of their wanderings . 
 amelia dragged herself behind the group as they made their way to the shower cubicles . 
 she had already assessed these cubicles and their small windows , trying to find an escape route . 
 but they were too small , even for her petite frame . 
 elysia spun around on her small feet and shot a terrible glance of wrath at amelia before she slithered past . 
 the heavy musk of her scent hovered in the air after she had gone , making amelia 's salivary glands squirt with bitterness and her nostrils flare . 
 this was a new smell . 
 everyone had exactly five minutes to shower and get dressed . 
 amelia , clean but still partially asleep , followed the crowd once more . 
 her eyes barely focused on where she was going until she stumbled against rose , who always seemed to be lingering in the back of the group . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` just about . 
 you ? '' 
 `` like a baby , '' rose giggled . 
 `` do you ever think one day you 'll get out of here ? '' 
 `` every day , '' rose said , her thin lips pressed into a smile . 
 `` then why have n't you escaped ? '' 
 rose paused for a moment , as though the question never crossed her mind . 
 she traced a tender finger over her lower lip and frowned . 
 `` not possible . '' 
 `` you can buy your way out , '' amelia said . 
 she grew suddenly animated as she spoke . 
 rose placed a steady hand on her shoulder and stared at amelia , almost extinguishing her hope . 
 `` if it were that easy , ace would not be here . '' 
 amelia simply did n't understand . 
 she became annoyed ; her shoulders tensed and her lips curled into an impudent smile . 
 `` i 'll find a way , '' she muttered under her breath . 
 rose pretended not to hear . 
 `` once you have no hope , there is nothing else to cling to . '' 
 `` are n't you the smart one , '' rose laughed . 
 `` you watch , '' amelia said confidently . 
 eventually , they reached the arena . 
 the windows were all open , so a gush of air and rays of sunlight weaved in . 
 it looked and felt bigger than amelia remembered . 
 she stood , her eyes transfixed on the ground . 
 suddenly , exclamations of horror arose on all sides . 
 amelia started and looked toward the direction of the cry . 
 a teenage boy , who must have been no older than fifteen , lay sprawled on the ground . 
 his leg was gushing out spurts of blood like a fountain . 
 amelia rushed to his side and placed pressure on the wound . 
 he stared at her with vacant eyes as his lips trembled . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 his red nose and blotchy face made her shiver . 
 he beckoned for her to come closer and whispered , `` watch out . '' 
 before she could ask what he meant , a small blade raced by her right ear . 
 she grabbed her ear and felt the warm rush of blood . 
 abruptly , she stood up and turned around . 
 diablo held several small knives in his left hand and proceeded to throw them at her in calculated rhythm . 
 amelia darted , dodging each one in line with his rhythm . 
 it was too easy . 
 ace grabbed her from behind and elbowed her left side , causing her to drop to the ground . 
 she coughed and choked as her head spun . 
 a painful headache clouded her vision and her body felt numb . 
 the niggling pain of a headache was turning into an unbearable migraine . 
 `` stand up , '' said diablo as he grabbed her hair . 
 in the wake of the pain , she stumbled to the ground , her senses no longer co-operating with her body . 
 she did n't want to die , not like this . 
 she placed her palms firmly on the ground , inhaled and exhaled loudly , and steadied her fears . 
 she had to survive . 
 she jumped up , too quickly for her sore body , but she ignored the shooting pain . 
 she clenched her hands into fists and held them close to her chin . 
 if she was to die , then at the very least , she would give them a good fight . 
 `` okay everyone , gather around ! '' 
 diablo shouted . 
 amelia , convinced it was part of the ploy to get her guard down , remained vigilant in her defensive stance . 
 `` you too , angel . '' 
 amelia glanced around fearfully . 
 in the back of the arena , two men , elysia , and another woman sat on a bench , staring at her . 
 she had n't noticed them before . 
 she walked towards the rest of the group . 
 all this was tiring her quickly . 
 then , like a flood of rain , she remembered the boy . 
 she glanced back , but there was no one there . 
 had she imagined him ? 
 there was no blood where he had been , and as she glanced at her hands , there was no blood on them either . 
 she was becoming delirious , her fear and confusion increasing by the second . 
 her body quivered uncontrollably , and her fingertips became icy cold . 
 `` i want you all to pair up . 
 whoever wins from each team fights the other winners , and so forth . '' 
 amelia did n't want to fight . 
 she wanted , or rather needed answers in order to steady her nerves . 
 she quickly darted through the crowd and grabbed rose 's hand . 
 rose smiled at her with such delicacy that amelia almost forgot her urgency for answers . 
 she wondered how such a nice person could end up in such a tragic place . 
 what did it matter in the end ? 
 `` you 're excited , '' rose said . 
 `` what have they done to me ? '' 
 blurted amelia , her voice shaking as she spoke . 
 as she pursed her lips , fear flickered in her eyes . 
 her irregular heartbeat pounded against her chest as she squeezed rose 's forearm . 
 rose flinched and took a step back , her eyes growing wide with fear . 
 `` did you eat or drink something earlier ? '' 
 asked rose . 
 `` yes , water . 
 it was left by my cell . '' 
 rose merely shrugged as she said , `` they spiked it with hallucinogens . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` maybe diablo , or elysia . 
 they pick at random who gets the hallucinogens . '' 
 amelia grabbed her chest and collapsed to the ground . 
 as she lay on the ground , paralysed , her eyelids too heavy to keep open , she felt compelled to seek diablo , to ask for help . 
 she reached her hand in the air and mustered enough energy to open her mouth before collapsing again . 
 she lay sprawled on the ground , thin and weak . 
 `` please , '' she cried . 
 no one came to her rescue . 
 the rest of the group , including rose , merely stood there staring , as though fascinated by her distorted body . 
 amelia saw the hint of remorse in rose 's eyes , and amelia could n't contain the tears that trickled down her cold face . 
 when had it become so cold ? 
 would her mother and brother ever know she had died ? 
 diablo appeared before her and said something , or perhaps she dreamt it in that moment of insanity . 
 with the last ounce of energy she had , she licked her dry lower lip and clenched her cold hands . 
 she closed her eyes and focused on her breathing . 
 to her surprise , it was calm and controlled . 
 she heard the chaotic mutters in the distance and felt someone dragging her body . 
 a serene smile crept onto her face as her life withered away . 
 darkness plunged into her soul as they dragged her body across the hard floor . 
 the scraping of her skin was unbearable , but she could n't scream in agony . 
 had she known death would be so painful , she would have fought harder to stay alive . 
 her last breath was wasted on regret . 
 beyond that , she had wished there were someone , anyone who could cradle her from the cold ground , for it had become too unbearable to endure . 
 but no one came to comfort her . 
 `` i told you it would be too much . '' 
 `` i thought she could take it . '' 
 `` i do n't pay you to think ! '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` i do n't know where idiots like you crawl out of ! '' 
 diablo said as he stared down at amelia 's lifeless body . 
 chapter nine a gush of air rushed into amelia 's lungs . 
 she inhaled loudly , her back arching against the force of it . 
 she grabbed elysia 's frail hand , her eyes wide and pleading . 
 `` you 're alive , '' elysia whispered . 
 diablo spoke , `` i 'm glad you 're alive , my angel . 
 i was starting to get worried . 
 you can not begin to imagine the amount of money i spent on you the last two days . '' 
 diablo sat down beside amelia , the flimsy bed barely able to cope with the added weight . 
 amelia opened her mouth to say something , but diablo placed a gentle finger on her dry lips . 
 `` you need to save all your energy . '' 
 he stood up and looked at elysia . 
 he seemed distracted . 
 `` i need a favour , '' amelia said in a strained voice through the pain . 
 her body ached and the sharp pain hammering against the side of her ribs was too painful to bear . 
 `` you 're in pain . 
 elysia , get her some morphine . '' 
 amelia raised a protesting hand . 
 since the war , opioids had been legalised and were sold with few restrictions . 
 the government elite were content with the masses becoming addicted and emotionally void for a large portion of their lives . 
 it made no difference to their comfortable lives . 
 elysia 's forceful hand tried to open her amelia 's mouth to cram a capsule down her throat . 
 amelia struggled , bit at her tender fingertips , and stared intently at her . 
 elysia recoiled . 
 her small eyes glazed with disbelief . 
 amelia had no intention of taking the opioid and she was ready as ever for a fight . 
 fortunately , elysia did not attempt to force the morphine down her throat again . 
 `` she enjoys the pain , '' elysia said with a venomous gaze . 
 she stood still for a few minutes , staring at amelia for reasons the young woman could n't fathom . 
 diablo sat beside her again and waved elysia away . 
 the room was still and silent . 
 amelia felt cold uncertainty pinch at her stomach . 
 suddenly , she gave a start as a desperate thought raced through her mind . 
 `` i want you to send a letter to my mother about my death , '' amelia said . 
 her gaze was steady and her lips curled at the corners of her mouth . 
 although she was pale , her eyes burned with excitement . 
 though amelia doubted her brother would search for her , she remembered his last words , do n't make me find you , and wanted to be certain he would not . 
 after all , who would search for a dead girl ? 
 `` that is lying , and i do n't encourage such despicable behaviour , '' diablo said , smiling feebly . 
 amelia snorted through the pain and said , `` suddenly you 're an honourable man ? '' 
 diablo pressed his lips together and fought to still his rage . 
 he pressed his hand firmly on the bed and struggled to rise . 
 she had n't notice earlier , but now it became clear to her : he was injured , but she could n't figure out where . 
 he walked forcefully to the small glass window on her right . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 he said gloomily . 
 `` it is not a lie . 
 amelia is dead , while angel has been born . 
 if you do this , then i 'm resigned to be here forever . '' 
 amelia paused , as though what she was about to say would be painful to endure . 
 she used her right elbow to push herself up and sat upright against the old rusty metal frame . 
 it was cold against her warm back . 
 `` who will look for a dead girl ? '' 
 diablo smiled and stared at her . 
 she shivered . 
 there was something sinister about the twinkle in his eyes . 
 `` so be it . '' 
 he walked to the wooden door . 
 as he closed the door behind him , amelia slipped back under the covers , the warmth of the blanket too delightful to resist . 
 she slept unusually long without dreaming . 
 diablo and elysia came to visit her several times during the day , more from fear that she might escape than anything else . 
 amelia stirred from her sleep when a cold finger pressed against her cheek . 
 she opened her eyes to find elysia close . 
 she jolted and recoiled . 
 elysia looked hurt and quickly disappeared from the room . 
 amelia woke up irritable and angry and looked with hatred around the room . 
 it was small ; the white paint and minimal furnishings gave the illusion that there was more space . 
 to her right was a small mahogany bedside cabinet that looked worn out . 
 there was a rocking chair parallel to the bed . 
 aside from those sparse furnishings , the room was bare . 
 there was a small piece of paper on the chair with the word deal written on it . 
 a small smile crept onto her face . 
 diablo had agreed to send a message to amelia 's family to inform them of her `` death . '' 
 it was the only way to keep her mother and brother safe . 
 amelia swung her legs off the bed and struggled to her feet . 
 the wooden flooring felt unbearably cold against her bare feet . 
 she held onto the cabinet for support and stood in that same position for what seemed like a lifetime . 
 suddenly the door swung open and diablo stood in the doorway , looking at her , smiling . 
 for a man who did such despicable things , he was always smiling , and that scared her the most . 
 `` good , you 're ready for a fight . '' 
 he beamed . 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 i 'm in a lot of pain and need rest . '' 
 `` i offered pain relief . 
 you have less than an hour before the audience comes to watch a spectacular game . 
 i hope by then you 're ready . '' 
 diablo closed the door . 
 amelia sunk back into the bed . 
 she had no choice but to fight . 
 she sat on the bed , daydreaming for several minutes , before elysia came and offered the painkillers one last time . 
 amelia was smart enough not to refuse this time . 
 then she followed elysia back to the basement to gather all the other team members . 
 as she walked down the creaking staircase , she saw ace by the landing . 
 why was ace allowed out of his cell unattended ? 
 `` how did you get out of your cell ? '' 
 `` it is n't a cell , '' he said , his face as expressionless as ever . 
 amelia stood beside him , glaring at him , while he remained distant . 
 what was going through his mind ? 
 unable to restrain herself , she blurted out , `` does n't it bother you ? '' 
 `` you ask a great deal of questions that will never satisfy you . '' 
 `` how do you know i wo n't be satisfied ? '' 
 `` you 've been here for some time now and yet you ask the same questions in a hundred different ways . 
 does n't that bore you ? '' 
 amelia was uncertain . 
 what could she say ? 
 she pressed her lips together tightly . 
 `` i see people like you all the time . 
 fighters with natural talent that many here would gladly sell their soul for , but you ... '' he trailed off . 
 he seemed distracted . 
 `` do n't stop now , '' amelia hissed . 
 `` you 're a waste . '' 
 amelia clenched her fist and punched him on the nose . 
 his head jolted backward as he lost his bearings . 
 after he regained his posture , he touched his nose and looked at his blood-soaked fingertips , then merely stared at her . 
 there was no malice in his eyes . 
 `` if what i say is a lie , then why does it bother you ? '' 
 with that he walked away and climbed the stairs . 
 did he truly mean what he said ? 
 why was he so spiteful ? 
 amelia tormented and taunted herself with these questions all the way to the arena . 
 she was not fully conscious of her surroundings when she entered the arena , but the loud cheers of the crowd brought her to her senses . 
 she raised her eyes and stared for a long time at the crowd , their cheers and chants echoing in her ears , until she felt the nibbling sensation of a headache surfacing . 
 she wondered if she would be forced to fight even in such a state . 
 `` i hate this place , '' she muttered to herself . 
 rose , who appeared almost out of nowhere , placed a firm hand on her shoulder and asked , `` how was your holiday ? '' 
 `` what holiday ? '' 
 amelia said , a smile creeping onto her face . 
 `` do n't be so modest ! 
 anyways , a lot has happened since you 've been snoozing in the sterile room . '' 
 `` why is it called the sterile room ? '' 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 amelia nodded her head , even though she did n't understand . 
 afraid of looking stupid , she shrugged off the question . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` apparently , diablo has to sell off one of us to the king . '' 
 `` who is the king ? '' 
 `` no one knows . 
 he never comes himself . 
 he always sends a different person seemingly unrelated to him . '' 
 amelia paused at this new revelation . 
 none of this made any sense to her . 
 why was this king interested in one of them ? 
 why now ? 
 and who would he pick ? 
 for hours she remained seated on the bench , looking at the people fighting but not really watching . 
 sometime after walking in she had managed to drown out their voices , or perhaps her own thoughts were too loud to hear the crowd . 
 in any case , it made no difference to her . 
 she 'd had enough of it all . 
 eventually , an announcement caught her attention . 
 it was sue in the middle of the arena , waving to the crowd , her small frame more delicate than ever . 
 although amelia was happy she was alive , she was reminded of the blood and what sue had said . 
 she had n't thought too much about it since that day , but now , the thoughts came rushing down in a torrent . 
 she opened her mouth to ask rose but decided against it . 
 what would she know ? 
 the games finished ; she was fortunate enough to have been spared from fighting . 
 perhaps it was diablo exercising compassion . 
 she could n't be too sure . 
 she left the crowd chanting as she walked to the basement . 
 the rest of the day dragged . 
 she sat on her bed feeling somewhat deflated . 
 she knew she had to go on , but had lost the energy . 
 then she saw her bag in the corner of the cell , neatly placed by the bedside . 
 she had completely forgotten about her rucksack -- after all , there was nothing of value in it . 
 amelia reached out and grabbed it , opened it , and examined the contents . 
 something tugged at the tips of her fingers , and she pulled out a small piece of paper , unfolded it , and read the contents . 
 dear amelia , you 're far more valuable than you think , and the things you know may one day put your life in jeopardy . 
 i never wanted this life for you . 
 somewhere between having you and daniel , i lost the way . 
 i forgot to be the brave father you thought i was when you were little . 
 the only thing i know is that right now , you 're not safe . 
 perhaps this letter has come to you too late , and for that , i am truly sorry . 
 i am not half the man you think i am . 
 do n't come looking for me . 
 you will not find the answers your heart yearns for . 
 look after your brother and know that i 'm sorry . 
 know i never meant to hurt you and i love you . 
 father amelia read the paper with tears streaming down her cheeks . 
 why had n't she noticed this letter before ? 
 how long had it been in there ? 
 what did her father mean by all of it ? 
 she clasped her hand over her mouth and shook her head in disbelief ; her father knew they were coming for him . 
 but why did n't he run ? 
 there were so many unanswered questions , amelia felt as though her head would explode if she did n't stop thinking . 
 chapter ten stephen waterhouse walked into the isolated room . 
 the prisoner sat on the metal chair . 
 he wore a slashed shirt that had once been white but was now stained with blood . 
 a deep wound was visible under the bright light . 
 his breathing came too heavy in the silence . 
 `` let 's try this again , '' stephen said . 
 `` i ca n't tell you what you seek . '' 
 `` how about we play a game ? 
 i 'll tell you something about myself and you can do the same , '' said stephen through a forced smile . 
 his voice echoed in the solid metal room . 
 the painted white walls made it appear bigger than it actually was . 
 the bright lighting gave mr raymond a headache : he suspected that was intentional on their part . 
 he placed shaking , bloody hands over his temples and ears in a feeble attempt to drown out stephen 's voice as well as soothe the headache that threatened to cause him even more grief than his wounds . 
 stephen paced back and forth a few times ; his heavy , shiny black shoes glistened and made an echo with every step . 
 he was n't sure where to begin . 
 he spoke very little normally and he found no comfort in sharing his darkest thoughts or his life , but this was a man sentenced to death . 
 to whom could he talk in the grave ? 
 he pressed a long , thin finger to his lips , contemplating . 
 his eyebrows were wrinkled and mr raymond thought he looked constipated . 
 a soft smile crept over mr raymond 's wounded face . 
 mr raymond thought very little about his family and his circumstances . 
 he knew he had no hope , but as he sat in that room , he prayed his family would survive this entire ordeal . 
 in confinement , he found himself calling out in prayer more frequently than he had ever done before . 
 how strange that in the wake of disaster , he was compelled to draw nigh to a powerful deity he had denied all his life . 
 he certainly saw the hypocrisy in his own prayers , and yet , it did not stop him from pleading . 
 `` when i was younger , my mother reminded me that one day , i would become someone important . 
 i felt special , you must understand , even from a young age . 
 those dreams were quickly destroyed as i grew older and wiser and saw the world for what it truly was . 
 it broke my heart , knowing that because of the area i grew up in , i would never have a chance . 
 is n't that sad , mr raymond ? '' 
 the question was more rhetorical than anything else and before mr raymond could respond , stephen raised his hand . 
 `` when i was twelve , a man came to see my mother . 
 i remember that day as though it were yesterday . 
 and can you guess what it was about ? '' 
 the rhetorical questions were tormenting mr raymond . 
 in that moment , he concluded that the whipping and the brutal beating were nothing in comparison to the torture of listening to stephen 's childhood story . 
 no , he was certain this was part of the torture plan . 
 if anything was going to take his sanity , it would surely be this . 
 mr raymond 's thoughts wandered . 
 was stephen this stupid ? 
 would he honestly expect him to divulge secrets he had buried deep inside for some sad childhood tale he could n't verify ? 
 `` mr raymond , look at me ! '' 
 stephen snapped . 
 `` as i was saying -- yes , where was i ? 
 oh . 
 this man brought money with him and this money was to help me finish school . 
 this in itself was a gift that , even to this day , i can not repay . 
 my opportunity started then and from that day forth , i promised myself i would work hard . 
 harder than a man born in the central . 
 i worked in order to achieve a portion of the life of the fortunate , and now look at me . 
 have n't i grown to be someone to be proud of ? '' 
 `` they have turned you into a monster while they dine in their houses like untouched angels , '' mr raymond whispered , getting in a quick response . 
 his voice was barely audible , but the words grated like a scream ; stephen gasped and lurched at him . 
 he punched mr raymond 's face so many times the blood splattered on his own clothing . 
 only then , when he noticed his bloodied suit , did he back away slowly , glancing down at himself nervously . 
 stephen crumpled to the floor , his knees on the hard floor . 
 he whimpered to himself and whispered something repeatedly that mr raymond could n't understand . 
 he dragged his blood-stained self to the corner of the room , where he sat on the floor , rocking back and forth . 
 mr raymond had n't thought his answer would provoke such a response , but as he watched in sheer curiosity , it dawned on him that stephen was already a broken man . 
 with a gasp that echoed in his own head , mr raymond dared to speak one last time . 
 `` do n't let them turn you into something you 're not . '' 
 the words were intended to comfort stephen , but he did n't appear to have heard them . 
 there was something strange about him , rocking aimlessly and without rhythm . 
 his eyes even seemed to be lit with rapture as he muttered to himself . 
 finally he looked straight at mr raymond and said loudly and firmly , `` i 'm not a monster ! '' 
 his gaze was sharp and fixed , and his consumptive and agitated face produced a painful impression . 
 mr raymond cringed and steadied his thoughts . 
 even if stephen were not a monster , there was something more sinister lurking in the depths of those eyes . 
 the deranged look he gave mr raymond was not that of a sane man . 
 mr raymond was not particularly religious , but if he had been , he would have believed stephen was possessed . 
 how else could he explain these peculiar behaviours in a man with so much status and power ? 
 after much silence , stephen gathered himself together . 
 he heaved himself from the floor and tried in vain to dust off the dried blood . 
 he straightened his suit and tie and composed his distraught face . 
 `` i have tried to reason with you . 
 i have tried to show you i 'm on your side , but you 're adamant about making me the enemy . 
 i have grown tired of this . 
 tomorrow , we will kill your family . '' 
 `` leave my family alone . 
 you want me , not them ! '' 
 mr raymond shouted through his swollen , bloody mouth . 
 a sinister smile crept over stephen 's face . 
 he turned his back on mr raymond and faced the large mirror that hung on the wall . 
 he looked pale and tired . 
 he stared at himself for a long time . 
 then he abruptly turned on his heel and walked towards the door . 
 he gripped the cold handle and slowly turned it . 
 `` wait , '' mr raymond said . 
 stephen paused as though contemplating the word , weighing its value . 
 a flicker of excitement danced in his eyes and his lips curled into a smile . 
 he paced , almost cautiously , towards his detainee , who remained chained and bolted to the metal chair . 
 then the door suddenly opened . 
 an older man walked in . 
 he gazed on mr raymond with small , grey , fiery eyes . 
 undaunted by the blood , he stared at stephen in confusion . 
 unsure of what to say , stephen stared back ; his thin lips pressed into an impudent smile as he dismissed the bloody scene . 
 he traced small , fat fingers over his pointy beard . 
 `` we are waiting for a go-ahead , '' the older man said coldly and intently without taking his eyes off stephen 's face . 
 mr raymond was confused . 
 through bloodshot eyes , he tried to work out who was in charge . 
 the man abruptly turned on his heel and walked out . 
 stephen remained still as the door closed . 
 he stayed still and silent for a long time . 
 his eyes narrowed , transfixed on the steel door . 
 was he waiting for someone ? 
 `` you had something to tell me , '' stephen said finally . 
 `` spare my family . '' 
 `` i do n't think you comprehend the severity of the issue at hand . 
 i can only help you and your family if you tell me what i want to know . 
 it really is n't that hard to understand . '' 
 `` but i do n't know anything . '' 
 `` you 're testing my patience . 
 i am not a patient man and when i get angry , it is not a pleasant sight . '' 
 his irritation increased with every word he uttered . 
 `` i know that . '' 
 `` tell me , then ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 he twisted himself about with rage and grew paler . 
 his lips trembled and vainly endeavoured to form some words , but the anger stopped him . 
 his rage blinded him and his hand trembled with uncontrollable anger ; mr raymond watched with calm astonishment . 
 he contemplated what he could say to calm the man down . 
 his face throbbed painfully and his body ached . 
 above all , it was n't his own death he feared , but that of his family . 
 he could n't put them in danger . 
 he opened his mouth as though to say something , then closed it just as quickly as the thought crept into his mind . 
 `` your time is up . '' 
 `` there were four of them , '' mr raymond said . 
 the words forced themselves out before he had time to refine the truth . 
 `` two have died , one has been imprisoned , and the other roams outside of london . 
 last i heard he had travelled to the north . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 `` if i knew that , do you think i would be here ? '' 
 stephen strolled towards him . 
 that peculiar and contrived smile crept over his thin lips and a strange , reproachful look lingered on his face for a minute or so . 
 `` you know what i think ? 
 and this is a theory the others do n't believe . 
 i think you 're the last man -- the one who escaped . '' 
 mr raymond swallowed painfully and tried to steady his eyes . 
 stephen did n't have much to go on other than his theory . 
 he looked at stephen 's face closely and noticed his nostrils flare under the light . 
 the anger was still lingering , even boiling beneath the surface . 
 `` i wish that were the case . 
 maybe then my life would be more valuable . '' 
 stephen 's eyes blazed with anger as he looked at mr raymond . 
 clearly , the words had hit a nerve . 
 he turned on his heel and raced to mr raymond to quickly inspect the skin behind his ears . 
 his heart throbbed painfully against his chest . 
 nothing . 
 `` you should have a scar here , '' stephen spat . 
 he covered his face with his hands and murmured in a language unknown to mr raymond , who gazed at him uneasily . 
 he certainly was n't afraid of stephen , but there was something dangerous about him -- something peculiar and sinister that threatened mr raymond with a fate worse than death . 
 he wondered if stephen had ever been experimented on as a child , for much of his symptoms reminded him of the stories he had heard as a child himself . 
 they called them the anomalies , for the children showed signs of morphing that were neither dangerous nor useful . 
 but no , there was something more to him . 
 `` you 're one of them . 
 i just have to prove it , '' stephen said . 
 his suspicions seemed to increase the more he thought about it . 
 from his pocket he pulled a steel chain from which a silver watch hung loosely . 
 he glanced at it and walked out without saying anything . 
 mr raymond shouted something that he ignored . 
 as he closed the door , his eyes met those of his colleagues . 
 most of them had sleepy eyes and a chilled expression . 
 stephen shuffled past them briskly as they all exchanged startled glances . 
 chapter eleven `` she is n't for sale . '' 
 `` diablo . 
 everyone is for sale , it 's just a matter of price , '' the man said . 
 amelia sat on the bed , her back against the cold wall . 
 she watched the two men as they quarrelled . 
 one of the fighters was for sale , just as rose had told her . 
 she recognised the man as the one who sat on the bench the day she was drugged . 
 they discussed the cost and exchange rate at length but amelia had tuned out minutes before . 
 eventually , the man sighed loudly , catching amelia 's attention . 
 `` five thousand pounds , and that 's our final offer . '' 
 diablo , unable to contain his excitement , made a sound close to a screech . 
 he grabbed the wooden railing by the staircase as though to steady himself . 
 the pound currency after the war was stronger than it had ever been . 
 with that amount , diablo could easily afford to close the underground arena and live amongst the elite in the central . 
 `` you should have started with that sum initially , '' diablo said through a broad smile . 
 `` when can we have the girl ? '' 
 diablo fumbled with the bundle of keys attached to his trousers by a silver chain . 
 he walked towards amelia , his eyes fixed on the keys . 
 `` i do n't want to leave , '' said amelia . 
 she sat still and pale . 
 her eyes were glittering and she breathed with difficulty . 
 at least here , she knew there were others ; rose was her friend , and that bought her some comfort . 
 there was no comfort in the unknown . 
 `` my angel , you have to understand i would n't sell you willingly , but it is an offer i simply can not refuse . '' 
 he traced his index finger across her cheek . 
 amelia flinched and moved her head out of reach . 
 `` i thought we had a deal , '' amelia said . 
 diablo paused , confused by her statement . 
 then suddenly , he understood what she meant . 
 he smiled and gestured for the man to take her . 
 he walked away as she struggled with the man . 
 `` you can either walk or i will drag you ; which would you prefer ? '' 
 with that , amelia turned and scuttled to the staircase , then marched up as quickly as she dared . 
 she knew there was no point in running . 
 there would be no place for her to hide . 
 amelia reached the door , which was slightly ajar , and stepped out . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she stopped abruptly , turned on her heel , and stared at him . 
 `` you forgot your bag . '' 
 amelia shrugged as though it did n't bother her , but of course it did . 
 she ran down the stairs and swerved past him to get to the landing . 
 she looked around eagerly . 
 as she had anticipated , there was nowhere for her to run . 
 reluctantly she went into her cell and grabbed her bag and the small piece of paper that lay on the bed . 
 as she stepped out , she glanced back . 
 rose waved at her , smiling as always . 
 amelia waved back , her sadness difficult to mask . 
 she searched for ace and found him lying on his bed on his back . 
 she stepped forward to say goodbye but decided against it . 
 she ran back to the staircase . 
 she had become accustomed to this place . 
 she had come to see this place as home . 
 the man stood by the door , waiting for her , his face expressionless . 
 `` what shall i call you ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 she was n't even sure why she felt compelled to ask ; she did n't care . 
 `` you do n't need to know that . '' 
 `` maybe not , but i would like to know the name of the man who thinks i 'm worth that much . '' 
 the man narrowed his eyes suspiciously . 
 `` i do n't think you 're worth a fraction of that , but i answer to someone who , for some strange reason , values your life . '' 
 amelia felt a burning excitement seep to the surface and she stifled a smile . 
 he was simply the middleman . 
 she followed him through dark and entwined corridors . 
 eventually they came to a small metal door . 
 she turned suddenly . 
 she could have sworn she heard someone call out to her . 
 then she saw elysia , standing in the distance , her face shrouded in darkness . 
 amelia shuddered as elysia disappeared into the shadows . 
 the metal door creaked open . 
 the bright sunlight rushed through with such blinding force that she had to cover her eyes . 
 she felt a hand grab her and pull her as she stumbled forward . 
 the sun had come out from behind a cloud and shone bright . 
 the fresh air was delightful . 
 in the bright light , she saw the man 's face , a face only a mother could love . 
 he saw the fear in amelia 's eyes as she unconsciously retreated . 
 in a feeble attempt to reassure her , he stretched out a large , pale hand . 
 `` no , '' amelia mumbled to herself . 
 she looked behind at the dark corridor . 
 perhaps she was looking for elysia , but this time , her gaze was met with emptiness . 
 amelia quickly buried the thought and her mind drifted . 
 rose . 
 she had wanted to take rose with her . 
 she had come to trust her ; even more so , she saw her as an ally in a place where enemies were in surplus . 
 she stood there staring at nothing for a while until the man 's voice bought her back to reality . 
 she did n't respond straight away . 
 she was not fully conscious of where she was . 
 `` listen , i do n't have all the time in the world , '' the man said irritably as he turned on his heel and walked away . 
 he did not glance back to see if she followed . 
 amelia looked around . 
 the house where she had been held was huge and unkempt . 
 it was surrounded by acres of field and at the edge was a forest . 
 she almost stopped breathing as she contemplated her escape . 
 this would be her best opportunity . 
 it was a long time before she ventured to try . 
 as though sensing her plan , the man saw her sooner than she had anticipated , but she scuttled as fast as her legs would carry her . 
 there was a small fenced passageway just behind the house . 
 it was low and roughly made . 
 she had to get away , out of this horrible circumstance . 
 she ran without looking behind her . 
 a pang of fear and loss stirred within her as she heard his pounding footsteps in her ear . 
 he was close . 
 too close . 
 a feeling of sadness mixed with horror welled up in amelia 's heart as she reached the edge of the field . 
 within the luscious green grass lay shards of glass and metal . 
 she gave a terrific squirm and stopped abruptly . 
 she dared not glance behind her . 
 his footsteps grew louder with each second she wasted . 
 she extended a pale , dirty foot to check it for injury . 
 the man grabbed her by the arm and yanked her towards him . 
 `` this is why i hate children . '' 
 `` i 'm not a child . '' 
 `` i do n't like to be made to run unnecessarily . '' 
 he pulled at her forearm with great force , causing amelia to squeal with agony . 
 he let go of her arm and once more went on ahead without her . 
 this time , amelia knew better than to try to escape . 
 where could she run ? 
 could she have escaped if she 'd taken a different route ? 
 did she still have an opportunity ? 
 her heart throbbed and her chest constricted with pain . 
 the man was now a little too far ahead and amelia ran behind him , her chest still painful . 
 an old grey car was parked by the road . 
 the man threw a small black cloth towards her . 
 she reacted slowly , and it fell to the ground . 
 amelia picked it up and stared at it , bewildered . 
 `` when you get into the car , wrap it around your eyes . 
 you do not remove it until i tell you . '' 
 `` why ca n't i see where i 'm going ? '' 
 `` i do n't trust you . '' 
 he opened the driver side door and slithered in . 
 the car jolted with his weight . 
 amelia reluctantly got in beside him . 
 she placed the blindfold around her eyes but left a small peephole . 
 `` put it on properly or i 'll do it for you , '' he hissed . 
 he did n't try to mask the annoyance in his voice . 
 fearful , amelia did as she was told and listened to the revving engine of the car . 
 the engine rumbled grumpily as it turned over and finally started . 
 the journey was bumpy and , every so often , she would ask , almost pleading with the man , to see the world . 
 his answer was always the same , a simple no . 
 `` i 'll call you bob . '' 
 amelia was certain this last comment would irritate him . 
 she was n't sure what her motivations were at this stage , but she still carried on talking . 
 `` i wish you would n't call me that . '' 
 `` maybe if you told me what to call you , then we would n't need to have this conversation . '' 
 the silence dragged for a while . 
 `` james . '' 
 `` james ? 
 are you quite sure ? '' 
 blurted out amelia . 
 `` yes . 
 do you have a problem with that ? '' 
 `` no -- you just do n't look like a james . '' 
 after that , he did n't speak again nor indulge her questions . 
 amelia eventually drifted off to sleep . 
 chapter twelve the car came to a sudden halt and amelia was roused from her sleep . 
 she removed the cloth from her eyes , then stared at the house before her . 
 she had seen images of such magnificence only on television and the internet . 
 for a long time , she remained in her seat , still and unable to move . 
 `` i do n't have all day , '' james said . 
 his voice cracked through her vacant thoughts . 
 `` where are we ? 
 is this the central ? 
 why am i here ? '' 
 `` stop , please . '' 
 she wanted to grab the man and shake the answers out of him . 
 crushed by his silence , she followed him and looked around in awe . 
 houses lined one side of the road , each house occupying the equivalent of three houses in area eleven . 
 on the opposite side of the road were acres of land with decorative gardens . 
 `` amelia ! '' 
 james was becoming impatient with her very existence . 
 in the short period of time he had spent with her , he had come to dislike her . 
 of course , he simply did not understand what it was about her that made him agitated . 
 as she walked towards him with her curly brown hair blowing against the cool sun , she smiled at him . 
 he flared his nostrils with distaste and sighed loudly . 
 `` i do n't like you either , '' amelia whispered as she walked past him . 
 if he had any doubts about it before , they all disappeared . 
 he loathed her . 
 they walked towards the large gates that led to the house . 
 in the middle lay a pathway made of cobblestones and on either side , fresh flowers blossomed . 
 amelia had never seen anything like it . 
 unable to refrain from her sudden desire to touch them , she reached over and picked a flower . 
 `` i just could n't help myself , '' she said before james could object . 
 she brought the blossom to her nose and inhaled a delicate aroma . 
 `` what are they called ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 `` wildflowers . '' 
 `` are they always this beautiful ? '' 
 james paused for a moment and then said , `` i guess they are . '' 
 he walked on ahead , expecting amelia to follow . 
 but she stood there , turning and twisting each petal with morbid curiosity . 
 it was too much for her to take in . 
 she had never imagined she would ever touch a wildflower . 
 never did she imagine she would be in such a beautiful place . 
 suddenly , she remembered diablo and his place ; the contrast was shocking . 
 she quickly brushed away the thoughts that stirred within her . 
 they were too upsetting . 
 eventually , she withdrew her eyes from the wildflowers and followed james . 
 she looked at the sky . 
 she had n't noticed before but somewhere behind the grey clouds , the sun must have gone down , for it began to get dark . 
 `` you 're easily distracted . 
 he will not like that . '' 
 who was he ? 
 just as the question came to her mind , she distracted herself . 
 she knew she would be compelled to ask the question out loud . 
 james stopped abruptly and looked behind . 
 he was expecting her to say something , and her silence unsettled him . 
 when he paused for too long , amelia overtook him and continued towards the large wooden door that gleamed from excessive polishing . 
 the house was covered with ivy that snaked up the side of the imposing marble wall . 
 she stood by the doorstep and waited for the door to be opened . 
 james pushed beside her and typed a code into the alarm system keypad on his left . 
 the door slowly swung open . 
 before amelia stood a staircase with a marble banister decorated with two grandiose statues of hawks , one placed on each side . 
 amelia propelled herself forward by a force unknown even to herself . 
 for a moment , her feet were so light , she thought she was floating . 
 she reached the staircase and brushed her hands against the smooth banister of the grand staircase . 
 the hawk , of intricate gold design , seemed to gaze into her soul . 
 she stared at the statue as though expecting it to come to life . 
 `` you must be amelia . '' 
 an unfamiliar voice broke through her reverie . 
 she tried to look away from the statue but a force deep within her kept her transfixed . 
 she shivered as she tore her gaze away from the hawk . 
 a man of about forty , of above-average height , stood in the doorway to her left . 
 he had a broad , pleasant face with high cheekbones . 
 his jet-black hair hung just below his ears and framed his round face . 
 his narrow eyes were black and had an intense and thoughtful look under a wide brow . 
 he had the air of an imposing gentleman . 
 `` i am haruto naoki . 
 you must be tired from travelling . 
 please come and join us for dinner . '' 
 amelia followed him to the large dining room to her left . 
 the dining table in the middle could accommodate ten people and was laid exquisitely with food , the likes of which she had never seen . 
 in the corner of the room , a woman with reddish blotches on her face stood conspicuously . 
 she was too magnificently dressed and stood to one side , as though waiting for something . 
 she glared at amelia with icy-blue eyes . 
 the woman stepped towards the table with a rustling of her silken gown and lowered herself onto a chair . 
 haruto beckoned for amelia to sit . 
 reluctantly , amelia obeyed . 
 he then sat opposite her , next to the woman . 
 she stared at the white plate in front of her and felt a pinch of guilt tighten her throat . 
 how could she enjoy such food , knowing her mother and brother were struggling on bread and soup ? 
 for the longest time , amelia merely stared at the empty plate , without any thought of helping herself to the food . 
 `` how is your father ? '' 
 haruto 's facial expression was blank as he asked the question . 
 there was no indication that he knew what had become of mr raymond . 
 amelia did not want to inform a stranger about her father 's disappearance . 
 she paused for a moment then shrugged . 
 `` i heard he was in trouble with the authorities , '' haruto said . 
 his voice was calm and calculated . 
 amelia stared at him as he ate a plate full of boiled potatoes and salad . 
 amelia was growing more paranoid by the second . 
 she shuffled in her seat in agitation and wiped her dry lips on the back of her hand . 
 suddenly , the room felt smaller , and hot . 
 `` i was under the impression that you had set off to find me , '' haruto said . 
 the words escaped his mouth as nothing more than a whisper . 
 `` are you the hawk ? '' 
 his silence reinforced amelia 's suspicions . 
 how did he find her ? 
 how did he know who she was ? 
 suddenly , amelia pushed her chair back from the table and sat up straight . 
 even she was n't sure what she was doing . 
 haruto observed how pensive and distracted she was . 
 he pulled the napkin from his lap and patted his lips dry . 
 `` please , help yourself to the food , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't need food , i need answers . '' 
 before she knew it , amelia 's eyes burned . 
 she tried to stifle the tears and gripped the wooden chair tightly . 
 `` i will answer all your questions in due course . 
 for now , you must do as i say . '' 
 `` i 'm getting tired of doing what others want me to do . 
 give me answers or i 'll walk away , '' hissed amelia . 
 she had suddenly grown animated and angry . 
 `` madeleine , please leave us , '' haruto said . 
 the woman , who had spent much of the time staring at amelia with curiosity , pushed her chair back from the table and walked briskly out of the dining room . 
 amelia watched as her body bobbed in the distance . 
 she had a peculiar , even comical walk that left amelia bemused . 
 `` i 'm your father 's friend , a good friend , '' haruto said , his voice vibrating in the silence of the spacious room . 
 amelia 's expression suddenly darkened . 
 she turned to look at haruto , her eyes lit with rage . 
 `` you 're not a friend . 
 a friend would never do as you have done . 
 you threw him and his family under the bus whilst you 've lived like a king . '' 
 haruto was taken aback and his face , now turned away , was extremely pale ; he wore an expression of extraordinary suffering , as though he had been tortured . 
 `` he chose that life . 
 we all made our choices and lived by them . '' 
 `` perhaps so , but in a time of need , where were you ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 only when her throat ached did she realise she was shouting . 
 her body shook with anger and her hands were clenched tightly against the chair . 
 `` why am i even here ? 
 do you think this is somehow going to atone for your actions ? '' 
 haruto did not respond immediately . 
 amelia wished for an answer ; anything would have been more bearable than the deafening silence she endured now . 
 `` it was your father 's idea . 
 we told him ; no , rather , we warned him that his choice would have a grave consequence , not only for him , but for his family . 
 that was a price he was willing to pay and as a friend , a true friend , i could only support him in his choice , regardless of how preposterous it was . '' 
 haruto paused for a moment . 
 abruptly , he got to his feet , looked around as though confused , and paced towards a large window at the back of the room . 
 he was pale , his eyes vacant , and he suddenly looked exhausted . 
 `` why did n't you share some of your wealth at least ? '' 
 haruto laughed nervously . 
 for a while , his laughter echoed in the room , even after he had stopped . 
 `` your father is a proud man . 
 he would rather die than ask for or accept help . '' 
 `` but ... '' amelia began to argue but soon realised she had no more straws to grasp at . 
 all she said was , `` they are going to kill him . '' 
 haruto turned away from the window and looked at amelia . 
 he saw her eyes glisten as she fought to stay strong . 
 unable to contain herself , her lips began to quiver and tears coursed down her cheeks . 
 her sadness quickly turned into self-loathing . 
 she did not want to cry in front of him . 
 a curse rose up in her soul as she wiped away the tears . 
 `` i wo n't let that happen , '' haruto said . 
 amelia nodded , more as a reflex than anything else . 
 she wanted to believe him , but she saw nothing in the man 's eyes that gave her hope . 
 `` when can i leave here ? '' 
 amelia asked . 
 `` i have brought you here as a promise to your father , '' he replied . 
 `` what ? 
 have you seen him ? 
 or spoken to him ? 
 why did n't you mention this earlier ? '' 
 `` amelia , please . 
 i made your father a promise a long time ago . 
 we all made promises to one another if such a circumstance were to present itself . 
 i have not seen nor heard from him recently . '' 
 `` who are the we you keep referring to , and what was the promise ? '' 
 as amelia asked the question , fear crept into her heart , and she became apprehensive of his every word and gesture . 
 `` your father , myself , and two other friends -- '' before haruto had a chance to finish his sentence , amelia turned her back to him . 
 `` where are the other two ? '' 
 `` one is suspected dead and the other lives , '' continued haruto . 
 his expression was now frozen and serious . 
 `` what does suspected dead mean ? 
 surely he is either dead or not , '' said amelia . 
 haruto suddenly dissolved into nervous laughter , apparently unable to restrain himself . 
 `` they call you the hawk . 
 that 's why ... '' amelia 's voice suddenly trailed off . 
 so many thoughts surfaced at once , it became difficult for her to keep up . 
 of course she should have realised from the moment she saw the statues . 
 amelia now sat on the chair and appeared calm , then got up once again and began pacing , arms crossed , lips pressed tightly together . 
 haruto was becoming agitated by her pacing . 
 unable to bear it any longer , he pleaded with her to stay still . 
 amelia stopped and smiled feebly . 
 `` i did go by that name . 
 in any case , that is n't important . 
 we must focus our energy on getting your father released . 
 i will train you , physically and mentally , but you must be patient . 
 it could take weeks , perhaps months , before we can do anything tangible -- '' `` i do n't have that much time , '' interrupted amelia . 
 `` you do ... they will not kill your father . '' 
 haruto went to the table , examined the food , and walked towards the foot of the staircase . 
 `` i will see you tomorrow morning , amelia . 
 make yourself at home . '' 
 amelia watched as he walked past the stairs and disappeared to the left . 
 his footsteps echoed in the silence as she stood , bewildered . 
 coming in june 2014 , the next in the defiance series . 
 sign up here for pre-launch specials and notification about the book . 
