 terosan tales copyright 2014 edward a thomson published by edward a thomson at smashwords smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only , then please return to smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents acknowledgements story one story two story three story four about edward thomson acknowledgements thanks to everyone that helped me along the way . 
 particularly to r. james stevens -lrb- twitter.com/rjamesstevens -rrb- for his frequent encouragement to get past the last hurdle of self-publishing : to finish writing the book . 
 story one -- deck 20 `` qevon , breakfast . '' 
 a dull hum filled the otherwise silent household . 
 thick walls killed the concerto of myriad extractor fans . 
 no house , not even the poorest houses , were without computerised utilities . 
 the city was a sprawling networked hive of freezers , vacuum cleaners and light switches . 
 waste heat was sucked from the circuit boards and pumped around the tower block to be reused where needed . 
 a criss-cross of wires hid beneath the skin of the walls ; carrying power and communication between the nodes , the human conveniences , that covered an entire planet of metal towers and walkways . 
 footsteps thumped erratically down the hallway . 
 that was n't qevon . 
 crannor lay down his cutlery and peered out into the hallway . 
 the door of the master bedroom swung shut and bounced against its frame . 
 he shouted to his son again . 
 the toast popped up . 
 a golden brown hue to the bread indicating it was perfectly ready to receive the butter . 
 crannor poured the coffee and grabbed the butter . 
 he shouted out again to qevon . 
 the reply was the noise of aeroplane engines that children make . 
 nee-am ! 
 qevon grasped a plastic spaceship that flashed with red and blue lights . 
 the plastic toy bleeped as it landed next to a cereal bowl . 
 `` starship belar 3 reporting for breakfast , '' qevon announced . 
 `` lucky asteroids or honey planets ? '' 
 crannor asked . 
 `` can i have both ? '' 
 `` eh ... '' crannor puffed , `` sure . '' 
 he lifted the box of asteroids and began to pour . 
 `` let me do it , let me do it . 
 i can do it , watch , '' said qevon as he grabbed the cereal box from his father . 
 `` where 's mum ? '' 
 crannor asked his son . 
 `` do n't know , '' qevon replied . 
 `` shower , '' it was more of a statement than a question although crannor guessed his son did n't know . 
 crannor stammered for something to say but he did n't know either . 
 he suspected she had just come home . 
 a whiff of gin lingered in the hallway . 
 qevon poured from the honey planets box while holding his starship in the other hand . 
 he purred with engine noises . 
 `` come on , stop . 
 just pour it normally . 
 did you not hear mum leave the bathroom ? '' 
 crannor said all at once . 
 `` i 'm getting changed , '' a barely audible voice shouted through from the bedroom . 
 `` your toast is getting cold , '' he shouted back . 
 `` i 'll make some more . '' 
 `` ca n't you just eat it now ? 
 we ca n't afford to keep wasting food , i chucked half of the leftovers this morning . 
 the vegetables were black . '' 
 no response came . 
 `` daddy ... '' qevon spoke in the way he did when he wanted to ask a difficult question . 
 `` yes , qevon ? '' 
 `` how many stars are there ? 
 hundreds ? '' 
 `` there are many , many stars . 
 too many to count . '' 
 `` more than a hundred thousand hundred hundred ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` has n't someone tried to count them all ? '' 
 `` yes , some have tried but you can never quite get them all . 
 we do know that there are more stars in the sky than there are people on this planet . '' 
 `` daddy , do you have to work today '' the words were chewed with the breakfast cereal . 
 `` qevon , do n't speak with your mouth full . 
 yes , daddy has to go to work today . 
 there have been a lot of malfunctions with the machines in our district and it 's daddy 's job to find out why . '' 
 `` what sort of machines , daddy ? 
 and why ca n't they fix themselves so you can stay at home . '' 
 `` sometimes they can , qevon , but it is n't always possible . 
 the machines are government owned machines . 
 they monitor the districts ; cleaning up and sometimes carrying out repair work . 
 but they are n't sophisticated enough to fix all problems , especially not their own internal problems . 
 the machines can perform a self-diagnostic apply patches from the government 's central node but sometimes that just is n't enough . 
 when that happens my team is called in to solve the problems . '' 
 qevon spooned another mouthful of cereal and mumbled something about going out to play with keth on the lower decks . 
 `` i do n't want you anywhere near deck 20 , tell keth he has to comes up if he wants to play . 
 it is n't safe down there . 
 make sure you stay within the tower , qevon , there are plenty of places to play inside . 
 are you listening to me ? 
 qevon ? 
 the lower levels are dangerous , i do n't want you down there . '' 
 qevon scratched at his arm . 
 angry red patches of skin covered both forearms and the inside of each elbow . 
 the summer months were the worst for irritation . 
 crannor noticed the scratch marks around the bump qev 's id chip was hidden . 
 `` do i have to keep it , dad ? '' 
 `` it 's for the best , son . 
 remember when grandad was ill and his chip alerted us to his condition ? 
 the chip 's sensors tripped the alarm , and let us knew he was in trouble . 
 it saved his life . '' 
 qevon scratched his chip with renewed vigour , but finally relented . 
 he conceded that his dad was correct . 
 everyone had to have a chip . 
 why does it have to be so itchy ? 
 crannor eyed the clock on the fridge again , `` i need to leave . 
 remember , no lower than level 21 and do n't go further than the next tower , and stay away from red areas . 
 the reds do n't look after their neighbourhoods , and they do n't look after their children . '' 
 he kissed qevon on the head then grabbed his jacket . 
 `` love you honey , love you qevon . 
 we 'll hang out when i 'm back from work , does n't that sound great '' `` love you dad . '' 
 the apartment door slid open between breaths , the house computer system bade crannor good day . 
 as soon as his feet were clear of the opening the door slammed shut . 
 crannor 's heart raced everytime he had to take the induction lift . 
 there was no way of knowing what robot calamities he would encounter in his line of work . 
 entering the lift was often just the start of another crazy day . 
 he mentally counted his data pads and power tools ; main laser torch , fine torch , insulation spray , left pocked datapad , right arm compdevice , powerbelt , traction boots , carry box ... and a few more items he picked up but could n't remember . 
 he could feel a sharp point from something that hung at his waist but he could n't see what it was . 
 once inside the induction lift his boots sealed to the floor . 
 the lift dropped faster than gravity would allow . 
 crannor gritted his teeth and curled his toes . 
 the lift door opened . 
 it has plummeted eighteen stories in the blink of an eye . 
 crannor exited and walked towards the express port . 
 ` shuttle 1312 , upper platform , ' he mumbled inaudibly bumping his way through the crowd . 
 his eyes fixed upon the shiny metal walls of the vast lobby , his sight cut through the bustling crowd to look upon his green and cleanly shaven face . 
 mirrors had a way of drawing attention to themselves like nothing else could . 
 goggles ! 
 crannor just remembered they were in his back-pack . 
 this pair was recently upgraded with a new processor and increased databank . 
 ` good morning crannor . 
 power levels : two days remaining . 
 charge soon . ' 
 the words flicked in front of his eyes . 
 ` shuttle 1312 is on time , you must walk faster . 
 suggestion to increase step rate by 5 % . ' 
 crannor hurried but found himself distracted , ` great new products just in , picked especially for you by our human specialists . 
 would you like to view our power wrenches now ? ' 
 an ad-blimp passed crannor as part of its pre-programmed circuit around the station . 
 his goggles were able to access the blimp 's diagnostics ; the owner 's logo projected on his lenses with a run-down of the blimp 's status . 
 power level high . 
 uptime 508 days . 
 owned : til corp. . 
 crannor 's neck whipped back as a stout man shouldered his way past . 
 cran broke his concentration with the advert to rub his neck . 
 `` fucking red , '' he muttered . 
 the thickset shoulders turned towards cran . 
 a chest-beating pose suggested danger . 
 it was soon followed by an untranslatable roar of expletives.the two of them stood eye to eye . 
 heads almost touching . 
 pupil-less goggles staring deep in one another . 
 `` watch where you 're going , '' cran declared then turned to walk away . 
 the stranger grabbed his shoulder and pulled him back . 
 cran 's tools rattled and his legs protested at the awkward force from twisting . 
 `` how about i cut those green lips of yours and make them `` fucking red '' ? '' 
 the 1312 shuttle came into view . 
 it slowed as it pulled into the station . 
 a warning sounded in cran 's goggles . 
 ` late ! 
 hurry now ! 
 shuttle departure imminent . ' 
 `` your system clock is broken , '' crannor said to the stranger . 
 in the moment that the man looked down at his watch cran ran past him and headed for the nearest carriage . 
 qevon poked the last of his soggy breakfast cereal . 
 there was more milk than flakes . 
 he did n't enjoy it when it was too wet , yet he knew that when he poured the milk to the brim . 
 his plastic spaceship sat on the table next to the self-cooling milk canister . 
 its silence called to him , ` play with me ' . 
 the spoon fell lifeless and downed in the bowl . 
 qevon grabbed the ship and ran around the kitchen table screaming like an afterburner . 
 the ship 's engines lit up as it flew through the air . 
 morning light finally creaked through the kitchen windows . 
 beads of rain coalesced and dropped onto the sills . 
 heat and humidity was the worst combination for qevon 's skin ; the sensation was that of something twisting and turning around deep inside the muscle . 
 a short electronic pulse indicated it was half past the hour . 
 qevon stiffened . 
 he hated the sound of alarm clocks , the noise was so frightening that he was afraid to even touch them . 
 the first time he ever set an alarm , for the reason of curiosity and fun , had forced his dad to burst into his bedroom and rescue qev from the blaring sound . 
 under the covers qevon hid , stiff with fear . 
 his heart quickened again yet the pulse was over . 
 the red digits on the fridge displayed 08:30 . 
 fortunately the ship 's crew survived the turbulence and the ship was gliding around the room again . 
 qev ran to the window and peered out onto the harsh metallic streets of terosan . 
 the city-planet 's skies were clear today , qev peered out across the jungle of monoliths . 
 only by looking upwards was it possible to catch a glimpse of the sky , in every other direction all he could see was other towers like the one in which he lived . 
 down here at this level there was n't much variety in day-to-day scenery . 
 if you were lucky you could see up to a maximum of four or five blocks away , but without fail your gaze would end upon another building . 
 the walkways below were the unreachable highways of deck 20 . 
 there was no way he could go down there without getting into trouble . 
 marching , walking , riding ; people flowed like water from tower to tower . 
 where were they all going he wondered . 
 shopping or meeting friends , he reasoned , perhaps some were working as his dad was . 
 despite his father forbidding him from going to deck 20 he could n't help feel enticed to visit . 
 he could see children playing . 
 it ca n't be that bad , can it ? 
 they were laughing and screaming . 
 hopping , jumping , running ; in and out , round and round . 
 plastic spaceships , hover boards , magballs ; everyone played by different rules but everyone played together . 
 forget staying inside , those kids were having too much fun . 
 qevon rushed to his room and rummaged through a pile of clothes . 
 he was changed and out in the door in such a rush that the spaceship was left behind on the bed . 
 `` going out to play . 
 bye ! '' 
 qevon shouted to his mother . 
 no reply was heard . 
 she must be engaged in the net again . 
 he pushed the door to his parent 's bedroom ajar , he peered in and saw her reclining in a computer chair . 
 the family was poor but unlike most families at this stratum they had managed to salvage a second chair-pod thanks to crannor 's repair skills . 
 the goggled helm covered his mother 's eyes and ears . 
 a blaring sound emanated from the helm 's earphones ; the latest pay-per-month blaster no doubt . 
 her gloves twitched every time an enemy player shot at her . 
 with each death her voice filled the room with excited profanity ; sometimes winning , sometimes losing . 
 it did n't seem to matter which , her tone was the same . 
 on the floor lay a wet discarded towel a hair 's breadth away from the drying rack . 
 qevon grabbed the towel and slung it over the heated pipes . 
 `` going out , '' qevon shouted . 
 `` ok ! '' 
 she replied at least . 
 qevon closed the door . 
 `` be safe , '' she shouted just as the door clicked . 
 soon after leaving qevon decided to ignore his father 's advice and go place with the kids on deck 20 . 
 most of the rush-time crowds had past . 
 as he exited the lift he realised that he 'd left behind the spaceship . 
 he dug into his pockets found a scrunched up magball mit . 
 perhaps the others would let them join their game . 
 he did n't recognise anyone , perhaps they went to a local school down here on deck 20 ? 
 `` qev ! '' 
 a familiar voice called on him . 
 qevon could n't see where the voice was coming from . 
 `` qevon ! '' 
 the voice shouted again . 
 it was keth . 
 there he was , on the other side of the game waving his hands . 
 `` come on , we need another player . '' 
 keth stood a half-head taller and was notably broader than the other kids who played magball . 
 keth was yellow-skinned , just as half of the other kids were yellow . 
 a couple of them were red while the rest were green like qevon . 
 keth kicked the ball to another team mate and continued to play without getting an answer from qevon . 
 the ball blasted past qevon 's face as he stood counting the number of players . 
 he was working out if he could join ; the last time he joined a game the teams had an uneven number of players and everyone started to whine about what was fair . 
 it was n't fun and no one could agree whether qevon could play or not . 
 entering a game required majority approval . 
 a few shouts of acceptance followed and the ball and qev joined keth 's team . 
 as soon as he joined the ball whizzed past him again and hit the 4-point post . 
 `` come on , we 're 10 points down . '' 
 keth shouted . 
 a green skinned kid , a few years older than qevon , threw the ball high in the air towards another green skinned kid at the other end of the public walkway . 
 these two must be on keth 's team , he reasoned . 
 the ball missed its target and bounced then rolled under the feet of adults who walked on by . 
 eventually , the ball emerged from the crowd as another adult kicked the ball back into play . 
 keth now had the ball ; he punched it higher than ever before . 
 the ball was caught in a gust of that ripped between the towers , it drifted aimlessly but managed to land near in the opponent 's half . 
 keth did n't always think , he acted first and always played rough . 
 aldon , another boy that qev recognised , was playing on the other team and had just picked up the ball . 
 `` pass '' `` pass it '' `` here ! 
 over here ! 
 pass ! '' 
 `` me , me , to me ! '' 
 keth to qevon , then back again . 
 interception . 
 aldon to another boy , then back again . 
 interceped . 
 keth had the ball again . 
 once more the ball soared towards the edge of the walled walkway , if it could fly over the edge of the railing it would be lost to somewhere 20 levels below ; however , the the ball stopped impossibly fast against an invisible wall that extended upwards from the walkway 's railing . 
 energy barriers prevented objects from being knocked or thrown off . 
 a safety feature devised from humanity 's trial and errors of building larger and more highly interconnected structures . 
 at first it seemed stuck but then the ball rolled down the barrier as if rolling through honey . 
 `` here , it 's our ball . '' 
 keth shouted to aldon who has been the first to the barrier . 
 technically the ball was out of bounds so play had to stop . 
 `` no it is n't . 
 you kicked it , '' aldon shouted back . 
 `` it came off sel 's leg , '' artoc complained . 
 `` it did n't touch me , '' sellicia rebuked . 
 qevon paused to stare at sellicia . 
 a girl , playing magball . 
 girls do n't play magball , do they ? 
 her light green hair swished as she turned and ran towards aldon . 
 she kicked the ball and in that moment decided the state of play . 
 qevon was motionless . 
 he could n't speak or watch the ball come straight at him . 
 he was staring at sellicia . 
 there was something about her . 
 he did n't have the words for it . 
 crunch ! 
 qev 's eyes were forced shut as the impact felt like a burning sensation across his face . 
 he brought a palm to his face and felt his eyes well up . 
 sore , but not sore enough to cry . 
 he regretted not paying attention to the game and looking like a fool in front of everyone . 
 qev dropped to one knee and covered his face . 
 he was dazed . 
 as soon as he crouched low the other team scored . 
 `` i 'm not playing , '' artoc threw his hands up , `` you guys cheated . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no we did n't . '' 
 monor shouted back . 
 `` it 's my ball , '' artoc tried to add credibility in the way that only a child would try . 
 `` yeah , but it 's my generator , '' another added . 
 the generator helped to keep the ball within the area of play , and also linked up the point posts in order to keep track of the score . 
 qev had n't recognised the voice , he managed to open his eyes and look around to see who was arguing . 
 he saw keth stand in front of red-skinned boy of similar height but slimmer build . 
 keth then looked at sellica , `` you kicked the ball before we decided who had the ball . '' 
 more high-pitched shouting ensued but qev had lost track of what was going on . 
 he sat down at the side and covered his throbbing cheeks and nose . 
 many of the passing adults looked on with disdain but said nothing . 
 the arguments were heated but voices carried far across the open deck . 
 qevon rolled back the sleeves of his jacket and scratched his arms . 
 the heat and humidity combined with the stress of the game was forcing him to itch . 
 the embedded id chip was implanted only a week ago . 
 all kids in his class as school received them at the same time . 
 the week before they all wore biometric encoded ankle straps . 
 his skin shone red where he had scratched . 
 he clenched his teeth and tried to fight the thought of scratching more . 
 qev looked back towards the magball game and saw keth land a punch on green-skinned boy on the other team . 
 a fury of kicks and punches ignited between the two . 
 within a few breaths of time passing more kids had joined the fray . 
 punching and kicking was just the beginning ; it was followed by hair pulling , biting , scratching , elbowing and other forms of petty fighting . 
 qev noted that sellicia had stood back out of harm 's way . 
 two dark-blue uniformed police troopers encroached upon the fighting children . 
 helmets on ; visors down . 
 their well-shaven chins gleamed from beneath the visors . 
 a green and a yellow set of lips were revealed gritted teeth from both officers . 
 rail guns holstered . 
 stun batons covered . 
 an outstretched glove protruded into the crowd of fighting children and grabbed someone around the shoulder , but qevon could n't see who . 
 `` desist ! '' 
 the officer shouted before emitting a short pulse from siren on his wrist . 
 it reminded qevon of his alarm clock . 
 he froze in terror and his covered his ears . 
 the alarm was only momentary but he felt the need to shut his eyes until the fighting stopped . 
 keth approached , his lips were burst and his cheeks bruised , despite this he smiled ear-to-ear . 
 keth loved fighting ; he was bigger and stronger than most other kids . 
 it was like nothing had happened , the other kids followed behind keth and gathered next to qevon . 
 chatter resumed and the officers disappeared back into the crowds . 
 a red-skinned boy from the other team produced a clear piece of plastic film from his pocket and slapped it against the walkway barricade . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 qevon asked as he looked up from his crouched position . 
 the film stuck without slipping . 
 `` polyfilm , obviously . 
 my brother showed me how to etch my name into it . 
 we covered a wall on that tower with jokes , '' the boy pointed west towards a faraway tower . 
 qevon stood up to look at the polyfilm , but could n't see it . 
 he ran a finger over the clear film . 
 he could barely see it and the texture provided no grip for his finger . 
 when the sun stuck the film just right the dark coloured wall shimmered unnaturally ; it was the only way to see the film . 
 `` how are you supposed to read it ? '' 
 qevon asked . 
 `` you need goggles , but to write on it you need an etching pen , '' the boy answered . 
 `` i have an etching pen , '' sellicia announced and stepped forward . 
 she produced the pen from her pocket and began to write over the newly placed polyfilm . 
 `` you do n't need goggles but it helps . 
 the words shine when you wear the goggles . '' 
 `` we should all put our names on the deck 's wall , '' keth said . 
 `` nah , we 'll get caught , '' aldon said , `` need to go behind a wall ... or somewhere quiet ... '' `` the walls of the express port , '' sellicia beamed with her suggestion . 
 `` but that 's dwn on level 10 , '' qev whimpered . 
 he knew his father would disapprove . 
 `` it 's fine , i 've been down before , '' she boasted . 
 `` me too , '' keth added . 
 qevon looked at his friend 's raised eyebrows , he suspected that was a lie . 
 moments later the crowd of kids from the magball game filled the bank of elevators and descended to deck 10 . 
 a few had flaked off and gone home but at least eight remained . 
 qevon , keth , sellicia , aldon , monor , artoc and a few more exited on to deck 10 . 
 the fighting had been completely forgotten by now . 
 qevon discovered that the red-skinned boy with the polyfilm was sandar , an older boy from the same academy . 
 a shuttle accelerated and escaped from sight . 
 the express port quietened just after the train left . 
 clear plas-walls separated the monorail from the crowded walkway . 
 dozens and dozens of adults had gathered on the platform waiting for the next train . 
 so far the kids had n't been noticed . 
 many adults read news on their datapads or stared into space . 
 `` look the plas-walls are covered in polyfilm , '' keth pointed out . 
 myriad strips of polyfilm littered the clear wall of the shuttle tube . 
 a criss-cross lattice of defaced film made it almost impossible to read what anyone had written . 
 `` give me the pen , '' keth demanded . 
 sandar obliged . 
 `` what are you writing ? '' 
 artoc asked . 
 `` keth was here , '' keth laughed . 
 sandar grabbed the pen then added his own name , he wrote on one of the polystrips which was already there . 
 sellicia followed , then monor . 
 keth decided to write his name twice more . 
 despite this hive of activity none of the passers-by seemed to notice . 
 not even a grumble . 
 nothing . 
 they pushed past each other on the walkways then stood frozen on the platforms . 
 some others loitered with no aspiration to do anything or go anywhere . 
 qev wondered if these were the people his dad warned about . 
 a small group of people dressed in rags sat in a dark and secluded area behind one of the plas-tunnels . 
 ` watch out of the homeless on deck 10 ' his father had once warned . 
 not that his father had ever expected him to be down here . 
 the free-roaming litter , dirty walkways and dank air from the express port created a feeling of unease . 
 no light shone from the darkened passageways where the homeless hid . 
 it seemed obvious that the hanging lightstrips needed to be replaced , yet they looked old as if though they had n't been attended to for years . 
 `` qev , write your name , '' keth extended a hand and offered a pen , `` come on , you wo n't get caught . '' 
 qevon reluctantly grabbed the pen and rushed a quick scribble at the nearest section of wall . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 an angry voice shouted across the walkway . 
 qevon drove the pen into a jacket pocket . 
 he wondered how anyone had seen him , he thought he had been quick enough to avoid getting caught . 
 as he hid the pen in his jacket he looked over to where the voice had come from . 
 a group of teenagers approached . 
 most of them yellow and green-skinned youths with a near even mix of male and female . 
 `` what ya doin ' here ? '' 
 one of the them shouted . 
 another from the group laughed . 
 `` leave them kam , '' said one of the females . 
 `` writing on our walls , are you ? '' 
 kam said , '' that 's our wall and you kids do n't have a right to come here and write on our walls . 
 you understand ? 
 only we can write on our walls . '' 
 `` nah , was n't us , '' keth blurted defensively , `` was already written on before we got here . '' 
 `` we can write on our walls , but not you . '' 
 `` kam , just let them be , '' the same female voice as before . 
 a few of the males ignored the advice and converged upon the keth and the others . 
 qevon cowered tight against the wall and began to itch at his arms again . 
 `` yeah , just let us be , '' keth said . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 qevon shouted at keth . 
 kam grabbed keth by the collar and pulled him to stare eye-to-eye . 
 shouting and swearing gushed from kam 's mouth , and it was the first time that qev had seen keth look scared . 
 qevon clenched his legs together . 
 monor ran towards the elevators in the tower lobby but no one else followed . 
 qev scratched again and then felt an odd ripping sensation in his arm . 
 he looked down and saw his biochip covered in blood and lying on the floor . 
 he covered the wound and held it tightly closed . 
 `` your chip , '' sellicia pointed , `` you better put it back in or they 'll think you 're dead . '' 
 `` what are you two talking about ? '' 
 one of the teens next to kam shouted over . 
 he came and stood over the pair of them , `` stop talking ! 
 you 've no chance of escaping now , you better give us all your money and we 'll let you walk away . '' 
 unknowingly the newcomer had stood on qev 's biochip and crushed it . 
 sellicia gasped and qevon welled up with tears . 
 the central system of terosan would detect that qevon had just died . 
 at least that 's what the computer would naively conclude . 
 before either he or she could reply the teen had grabbed sellicia by the hair . 
 she screamed in pain and stumbled backwards . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 a voice from nowhere shouted above the noise of the fray . 
 a large red arm passed near sellicia 's face . 
 the grip on her hair had loosed and she looked up to see a stout red-skinned man pushing the teen away from her . 
 this man had grabbed the teen by the neck and began to shout at him . 
 another teen tried to punch the would-be hero but failed to connect . 
 `` police ! '' 
 sellicia shouted . 
 four officers ran down the walkway with rail-pistols in hand . 
 in an instant it was over . 
 the group of teens dispersed but laughed as they ran away . 
 qevon screamed as the red-skinned man crashed to the solid walkway floor . 
 red blood oozed from the cracked red skin . 
 a round hole had been made in the man 's skull . 
 `` no ! '' 
 sellicia shouted and waved her arms . 
 she cried along with qevon as they saw that the police had shot the man who had come to their rescue . 
 the officers had escorted the children home and qevon was taken straight to hospital to have his biochip replaced . 
 crannor arrived at the hospital but was so relieved that he overlooked the fact that qevon had ignored his rules . 
 qevon wailed in his father 's arms , `` he saved us dad , he saved and he was the one who died . '' 
 `` i know son , i know . '' 
 crannor replied as he held his son tightly . 
 chapter two -- fallen gods of cheam ice , it 's everywhere . 
 ice , it 's even where you do n't see . 
 snow is everything that is n't ice . 
 vistas of ice , rocks and mountains , between plateaus of snow . 
 cheamian landscapes never differ . 
 the further south you go the more it snows . 
 cool winds whip across the lands , through the valleys of white , up and over the rocks of grey . 
 darkened greens huddle together where the ice stops and before the rocky peaks begin ; the wooded areas are few yet evergreen -- brown legs coated in white powder . 
 the village of fjatlos sat high on the sheltered face of a rocky mountain overlooking five glacier valley . 
 a string of mountains met around a valley of glaciers , the sea of ice-packed structures flowed down the from the rocky saddles and gathered in the basin as a culmination known as the fjatlos basin . 
 the village dwellings were high above the basin carved into the peaty hillside , the wooden frames buried deep into the ground . 
 steep walls stood taller than man , from which snow wound slide and fall without hindrance . 
 each building stood apart to let the snows flow freely by , the snow could be the downfall of any dweller yet snow provided the necessary insulation for life . 
 tallest of all buildings was the church , rising up taller than the village hall , yet not as tall as the melt-water collector . 
 the collectors were life-giving tall wooden structures that channelled fresh snow from the ridge that collected the water in metal buckets . 
 even in conditions as rough as cheam it was easy for people to forget what kept them alive . 
 danger focussed the mind but everyone needs rest , everyone forgets about the natural mechanisms of life . 
 life was only possible in fjatlos due to the natural heat from the mountain fissures that provided the warmth needed to change the ice into water . 
 the fire caves hide a source of pure hot water that drips and collects in the depths of the caverns . 
 a labyrinth of tunnels hides the pools of water beneath the hills . 
 `` istelle , istelle ! 
 get back in here . 
 you 'll freeze to death , '' the voice of sedron 's wife carried in the wind . 
 sedron turned his head to watch his wife and ran after their daughter istelle . 
 `` i 'm fine mother , look i can run , '' istelle called back . 
 sedron was glad to see his daughter was up and running around again . 
 fever had wracked her body and took her to the edge of death . 
 ` please not again ' , they pleaded with death not to take another child , they had lost enough offspring . 
 it did n't feel like such a long time since they lost an older daughter to fever . 
 `` istelle ! '' 
 her mother called . 
 `` mama , there 's no wind , mama . 
 i can run and run . '' 
 `` get your furs on , now . 
 do n't let your father see you like this . '' 
 a hand grabbed istelle from behind and dropped a thick fur garb over her head . 
 `` careful young wolf , even the bravest hunter wear their furs , '' sedron spoke clearly to his daughter . 
 `` ugh ! 
 dad , '' istelle resisted , `` it is n't even cold . '' 
 she tried to slip away from his hug . 
 `` it is cold , young woman , and you will wear your furs . '' 
 istelle freed herself and ran away along the frozen muddy pathways of the village . 
 the white-grey wolf cloak trailed behind her . 
 it hung half over one shoulder but did n't quite fit . 
 this cloak belonged to her brother who was lost on a village hunt . 
 `` get away from the edge , '' istelle 's mother called , `` tell her sedron ! '' 
 `` she sees it , she wo n't run over the edge . '' 
 he shouted back . 
 `` sedron ! 
 i 'm not losing another child this year . '' 
 sedron grumbled , he would n't let the past haunt the future . 
 if he always dwelt on the kids already lost then he could not celebrate the three kids that remained . 
 four gone , but three still survive . 
 the world was harsh and unforgiving , he was reminded of this every morning . 
 why did life exist on such a frigid world ? 
 sedron tried not to ask himself , the thoughts of his own mortality and limited existence drove him to dark places . 
 the mind was sharp when cold , but clarity was lost when the mind was left to dwell . 
 istelle ran to the edge of skull cliff , her mother shouted again , but sedron had n't moved . 
 ` why is called skull cliff ? ' 
 istelle had asked her father when she was younger . 
 so young , so naive . 
 how to explain the bones in the valley ? 
 not to a child , you ca n't explain the bones to a child . 
 the bones are from unwanted children , bastards , and cripples . 
 when the babies ' cries stop , the parents start . 
 villages elders are at least given a choice : the dignity of a swift execution or the option of leaving to wilderness with a sharp blade . 
 life is tough and food is scarce . 
 the gods have forsaken this world . 
 ice . 
 snow . 
 ice . 
 snow . 
 ice and then more damned snow . 
 oh , why ca n't it be warm ? 
 istelle 's laughter and screams of joy filled the air as she ran with friends around the village . 
 the other parents watched with just as much concern . 
 life was dangerous and everyone has lost a sibling , parent , or child in recent memory . 
 `` see , she 's fine , '' sedron said as he sat down to sharpen his iron spear . 
 he shrugged his large round shoulders and took a piece of flint from his pocket . 
 everything was fine , he told himself . 
 `` troubles at home ? '' 
 a voice called from behind . 
 sedron did n't rise to the bait . 
 his brother laughed then came to sit beside him . 
 alfron was taller and more muscular , yet had a poorer aim and was n't as nimble on his feet . 
 just behind alfron were two more men , each followed by a leashed wolf , and behind them were alfron 's two teenage sons fomel and kebber . 
 `` almost time for hunting , are you ready ? '' 
 sedron heard the footsteps of the other men but had n't bother to turn and greet them . 
 one of the wolves had come to sedron 's familiar smell , it licked his face then sat by his feet . 
 `` deaf or just ignorant , sedron ? '' 
 sedron smirked . 
 `` the spear wo n't sharpen itself . '' 
 the seven hunters dressed alike in white-grey skins that matched the wolves they walked with . 
 collective barks came from the wolves who had turned their attention to a snowfox running by , they yanked themselves against their leashes in a vain attempt to pursue . 
 the hunters pulled the leashes tight leading to a collective yelp from the wolves . 
 `` easy now , '' alfron clapped his pet . 
 the tip of sedron 's spear was sharp enough to cut with the slightest touch . 
 sedron rose and eyeballed his fellow huntsmen . 
 he said nothing . 
 everyone knew each other , this hunt would be routine . 
 no mistakes . 
 no unnecessary deaths . 
 no children to bury , not this time . 
 `` pray for my return , we shall feast when i return . 
 the lands shall be rife with meat now that the winds have gone . '' 
 sedron addressed his wife . 
 `` sedron , '' welyn called out to him but suddenly could n't find the tell him how much he meant to her . 
 he had to survive , she did n't know how she could last if there was another death in the family . 
 worst of all if sedron died her pillar in life was gone . 
 she tried to smile but her eyes fell to the ground , her mind wandered into a dream of days long gone . 
 `` sedron , i shall pray for your return . 
 please be careful . 
 no heroics ... '' she looked to the rest of the huntsmen , `` from any of you . '' 
 `` sedron ! '' 
 elsar shouted . 
 `` no time for kissing , let 's get hunting . '' 
 snow crunched under the feet of the hunting party as they started their march away from sedron 's house . 
 the wolves rushed alongside ; darting out and back with eagerness . 
 cotyr looked back to see if sedron had moved , `` by gods man ... you are in no hurry . '' 
 the wind howled yet the sun still shone . 
 sedron kissed his wife goodbye , he uttered something to her that no one else could hear . 
 `` we shall return with a feast for the whole village , '' sedron announced to all . 
 by now , the rest of the village had come out to wave farewell to their hopeful hunters . 
 may the hunt be prosperous they shouted after the men . 
 `` or to an irate wife if you fail , '' alfron laughed . 
 `` careful brother or she will have your wolf for our next stew . '' 
 sedron finally left by kissing istelle goodbye . 
 his other children remained inside . 
 he mumbled a prayer to the gods that should this party fail then they must look after his wife and children , even his eldest and moodiest child . 
 cerrun would n't listen to his father , he had no drive to do anything with life . 
 how does a parent encourage a child to live when the child will not listen to reason ? 
 every suggestion is wrong , every bit of help ignored . 
 ` be safe ' sedron whispered to the wind . 
 `` gods of wind , of fire , of land and water , of trees and of men , hear my prayer . 
 give me strength to hunt and see that my spear will fly straight and true , give me courage in the face of fear and deliver me from danger . 
 i ask this prayer to be heard `` o ' gods above , watch over us this day . '' 
 alfron said aloud . 
 ilkand , their father , never left the village without prayer and he had raised his own sons to be both respectful to the gods and dutiful to the village . 
 no chief was fairer or greater in skill . 
 sedron long wished to emerge from his father 's shadow , but even in the old man 's death , few can see the potential that shines from sedron . 
 ` ilkand the great , ilkand the wise , the generous , the fair , the master . ' 
 sedron had grown tired of his father 's legacy such that he had come to revel in the folklore of magnar , a man that some say was even greater than ilkand . 
 it was he that wrestled wolves and brought home the first tamed wolf to the village . 
 magnar lost an eye but continued to hunt . 
 magnar lost a hand but continued to rule . 
 many say that sedron , and ilkand , were descended from magnar the legendary chief of fjatlos . 
 what made ilkand so loved was not just his successful hunting strategies but his patience and fair handedness in resolving disputes . 
 it was not uncommon for rival villages to come to him and ask for adjudication of their disputes . 
 a man who loved to walk and climb alone , as much as he loved to hunt with the other men from the village . 
 a quiet man who was fierce in battle yet bore no grudges and was slow to temper . 
 he was ilkand the loved . 
 sedron had planned out the route the party would take , as master of the hunt he set the pace and chose to lead them north across the ridge and away from five glacier valley . 
 over to the backside of the mountain and then northwards past the evergreen forests . 
 the hilly region beyond the flatlands to the north should prove fertile this time of year , away from all the villages of man . 
 the untouched setting , beyond the flatlands , allowed animals to roam wild and free . 
 kills should be plentiful , but it was not without danger . 
 his father always instructed his parties to cross the snowy expanse as fast as possible , only the biggest and toughest creatures would roam there but their maw could cut a man in two with ease . 
 sharp claws that could penetrate the skull , front to back , in a single swipe . 
 such creatures that stood tall as a church and could run as fast as any wolf , but their meat was poisonous and foul his father had warned . 
 sedron never figured out how his father could know that . 
 as a child sedron heard stories from his grandfather of the equatorial flats far in the south . 
 vast icy deserts with untouched snow that was so soft and thick that no one dared cross them . 
 no shelter or food , so it would be impossible to cross even if anyone dared . 
 ` was there no rocks there grandfather ? ' 
 sedron had asked . 
 he never did get an answer to that . 
 ` could n't it be crossed in a sledge ? ' 
 sedron had asked another time , ` no , too far . ' 
 before the hunters would cross the flats sedron checked that all members still followed . 
 elsar , cotyr , alfron and his sons fomel and kebber . 
 sedron counted six ; two more than he would have liked . 
 the boys would be more of hindrance than a help . 
 ` it 's not an easy hunt , boys , perhaps it would be best to go back . ' 
 sedron had warned them but alfron pleaded to let them come . 
 they had to learn how to hunt one day . 
 fomel wheezed with each gust of wind which further entrenched sedron 's resentment as he heard his nephew struggle to match his pace . 
 `` slow down sedron , '' alfron had barked , at least twice now , but sedron would not listen . 
 alfron had also complained of aching feet and muscle cramps , but sedron ignored it . 
 he was determined to hunt , and bringing home any sack of meat smaller than he was would be a failure . 
 ` the sleds must be piled high , ' he warned . 
 no turning back until we have filled our sacks . 
 `` my feet are aching . 
 i must rest , sedron , '' alfron shouted above the howls of the wind . 
 one of his skis had become lodged into a mound of snow and threw his body to the floor . 
 even the wolves were tiring and the sky was now darkening . 
 it was time to rest . 
 sedron accepted and came to sit beside alfron . 
 `` are you injured ? '' 
 he asked alfron . 
 `` i 'm fine , just a little bruised but it 's nothing , '' alfron said . 
 `` we should try making the crossing before nightfall . '' 
 `` we wo n't make it . 
 it 's too far . '' 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' cotyr interrupted . 
 `` it is n't too far , '' sedron replied to alfron , `` we 'll make it . 
 i 've done this before . '' 
 `` i 've done it before too and you know it 's too far , '' alfron said . 
 `` can we eat already ? '' 
 cotyr shouted . 
 he stood above the two brothers still waiting for resolution . 
 `` hey ! 
 did you just see that ? '' 
 elsar shouted . 
 he was the last to join the commotion . 
 alfron 's sons had joined him on the snow but kept quiet while the adults bickered . 
 `` let 's make camp here , it would be better just to rest . '' 
 alfron said . 
 `` here ? 
 you moron , we ca n't just stop here . 
 where is here ? 
 here is nowhere . 
 there 's no shelter , no wood , no anything , '' sedron rebutted . 
 `` we should move on then , '' cotyr agreed and pointed towards the far end of the flatlands . 
 `` there ! '' 
 elsar shouted , `` there it was again . 
 did you see that ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 sedron turned to see what elsar was looking at . 
 `` i do n't see anything . 
 now let 's just get our stuff and get to the other side . '' 
 `` i saw it ... it was like a star falling from the sky , '' said cotyr . 
 `` cotyr , you 're hungry . 
 you do n't know what which way is up when you 're hungry , '' sedron shouted back . 
 `` no , look , there . 
 it happened again . 
 whatever it was , it fell again . '' 
 elsar said . 
 `` it was a falling star . 
 i 've seen it twice now . '' 
 cotyr added . 
 `` gods have mercy , '' alfron said . 
 `` i can assure you that the sky is not falling down . '' 
 sedron said , he looked around for the mysterious falling stars . 
 `` it was a meteor . 
 nothing more . 
 now let 's get going before night falls . '' 
 `` we should see where they land . 
 maybe they bring gold ? '' 
 elsar asked . 
 cotyr laughed . 
 `` gods do n't have a use for gold . '' 
 `` there ! '' 
 elsar shouted . 
 he pointed at the series of falling red stars falling . 
 everyone was watching sedron who now stood at the edge of disbelief ; his mouth agape . 
 they had all seen the falling stars now . 
 `` this is a bad omen , brother , '' alfron said . 
 the wolves seemed the most apprehensive , they whined and wagged their tails profusely . 
 another three stars fell , red pinpoints of light , bursting into life in an instant then disappearing just as quickly . 
 all occurrences happened in the same region of sky . 
 it had to be a meteor shower , sedron told himself . 
 the day was passing through the twilight into the night . 
 the stars no longer fell but the sky had darkened , the clouds were thicker , miasmic and grey . 
 sedron lead the team forward . 
 ` i must not show fear , they will not follow if i can not lead . 
 there is no need to fear , for death is not the end . ' 
 he uttered breathlessly to himself . 
 `` look ! 
 more lights , '' cotyr shouted . 
 `` they 're blue , '' elsar added , `` and green . '' 
 `` they ... '' alfron spoke up , `` they 're just hanging . '' 
 and then nothing . 
 the lights disappeared . 
 sedron and the hunting group were soon reminded how dark cheam became in the middle of the flatlands . 
 no campfires , no sun , no falling stars , almost no light at all . 
 suddenly , a cloud of ice and snow exploded in the distance . 
 a mist rose from the land and dominated their view of the hills . 
 the situation had new meaning . 
 something , whatever it was , had hit the flatlands . 
 the cloud continued to puff outwards and finally washed over the weary travellers . 
 sedron pulled his cloak in tighter when the wind blew . 
 his wolf barked in the air . 
 something was threatening it . 
 what did it sense ? 
 a further row of stars descended . 
 as it did a further cloud of snow blew across the land . 
 these gods fell and then stopped . 
 their lights had not extinguished , yet they no longer fell . 
 a gust of wind brushed along the flatlands , the miasma of ice and snow cleared if only for a moment . 
 clarity was offered for a moment . 
 all the lights had come to a rest . 
 the new constellations slept with cosy silence upon the powdered snow . 
 red , blue , and green ; the fallen stars did not twinkle . 
 what were they ? 
 sedron asked himself . 
 no tale or legend spoke of sleeping gods who came to lie in silence . 
 `` the fury of karthuz rages before us , he protects his kin who wish to sleep , '' alfron shouted to be hard upon the wind . 
 respite from the weather of cheam had been only fleeting . 
 `` behold kathuz and his offspring . '' 
 `` aye , behold karthuz , '' cotyr added . 
 sedron kept quiet . 
 he offered no conclusion for he could not understand how the others knew this was karthuz . 
 they had to be gods , but why not armenuz or galon ? 
 why karthuz ? 
 it did not matter for now the men were at ease . 
 bad weather was forgotten , the gods have arrived . 
 will they listen to our prayers , provide us with food , and reveal their godly serenity to us ? 
 what fortune it would be for sedon , son of ilkand , the village chief , to bring gods back to the village . 
 with such power would come great wealth . 
 our rivals will despair . 
 sedron lead them forward ; they would venture forth and meet their makers . 
 `` what sort of creatures are they ? 
 sedron asked . 
 he lead the team ever closer . 
 the silence was long broken . 
 the gods did not sleep silently but emitted a deeply resonant hum . 
 the creatures , gods if they were , looked strange . 
 what should a supreme being look like ? 
 not like this . 
 these were not gods . 
 surely not . 
 confidence dwindled , even in alfron who was the first declare the lights as gods . 
 it was karthuz he said , he insisted . 
 no fewer than ten creatures now stood as straight-legged silhouettes against the mountains . 
 the jaws of the unexpected beasts fell upon the snow to reveal an eerie glow from inside their throats . 
 as the team closed in sedron could see that the creatures had large box-like bodies that were stuck atop four stiff legs . 
 were these the horses of the gods ? 
 fashioned with lanterns that burn so bright that all can see them from far across the heavens . 
 strange animals they must be if their natural resting position is to stand up straight with mouth ajar . 
 sedron soon noticed differences among them , some were slightly taller and longer , while others were fatter with shorter legs . 
 each of them were easily as tall as the village church , if not taller . 
 `` karthuz ! '' 
 alfron shouted . 
 `` quiet , you idiot , '' sedron yanked on his brother 's cloak . 
 how did these foul beasts fall like stars ? 
 as the group drew nearer sedron stepped more quietly . 
 the creatures ' skin shimmered like polished metal : clean and smooth yet unyielding . 
 the wind did not ruffle any hair or feathers . 
 `` look at their eyes , '' cotyr said . 
 he stood just behind sedron and pointed to the nearest of the fallen stars . 
 `` why do they only have one eye ? 
 it shines so brightly ... like a star , yet it is long and thin . '' 
 they edged closer still . 
 the resonant hum of the beasts had quietened . 
 the coloured lanterns on the legs of the beasts dimmed while the lights from the jaws grew brighter . 
 a gasp of air escaped and perspective changed forever . 
 familiar shapes emerged from the mouths of the animals thought to be gods . 
 bipeds . 
 the realisation struck sedron that these creatures were not gods but enemies . 
 a pulsing of blue light flashed near the ships ; a thunderous blue flame roared past the hunting party with a howl like none had heard before . 
 they had been spotted . 
 another flash and then a lagging roar of flame ripped past their heads once more . 
 `` we need to get out of here , '' sedron bellowed . 
 alfron made no sign of protest , even he had accepted the inevitable . 
 these creatures were not gods . 
 their silhouettes made them look like men , albeit these were men who had travelled in the belly of a metallic beast . 
 these were men who had appeared to fall like stars from the heavens . 
 another roar of flame . 
 sedron threw himself to the floor and narrowly avoided being hit . 
 he looked up and saw cotyr standing with on one leg , the other had disappeared . 
 cotyr mouthed a silent pain then collapsed to the snow . 
 before sedon got as far as cotyr another burst of fire struck alfron and took him directly to the heavens . 
 he was gone . 
 sedron looked to the deceased 's sons , his nephews , they had dropped to the floor and huddled together . 
 he saw a fear in their eyes , one which mirrored his own . 
 his brother was gone but there was no for time tears . 
 cotyr was n't fit to make it back to the village . 
 they knew the rules . 
 with alfron gone then only three of the hunting party would return . 
 in all of the commotion sedron had lost sight of elsar ; who knew where he was ? 
 they called out for him but heard no reply . 
 with the party in shambles and the threat of a superior foe not far behind them sedron wondered if it was even possible to return home . 
 what then ? 
 this enemy would not stop . 
 death would come for them sooner rather than later . 
 sedron would lead them to his family and they would die alongside him . 
 `` we must make it back to the village , we must warn the others and hope they can flee to safety , '' fomel shouted to sedron . 
 `` we 'll be leading the enemy to our homes . '' 
 sedron replied . 
 `` they will find our homes whether we lead them there or die tonight . '' 
 `` aye ! 
 that be true . '' 
 the three of them spread out and ran as fast as they could across the snowy terrain back to the village . 
 the wolves had survived , they had kept low when the shots were fired , and emerged from hiding when sedron and his nephews decided to run home . 
 they had to get home and tell the others . 
 it was n't safe ; they had to escape , but where ? 
 anywhere , but here . 
 story three -- the pirate queen zsilana awoke with the taste of blood on her lips and a pounding headache . 
 she felt around to see if her clothes were still intact . 
 ` i was n't raped , at least , ' she concluded in silence while surveying the cubic room in which she lay . 
 only a single door and no window . 
 `` how 's the cell ? '' 
 at first she thought she dreamt the voice but there was a shimmer of light and shadow through the gap in the door . 
 `` go die in a hole scumbag . '' 
 `` that 's no way to get released . '' 
 said a muffled masculine voice with no obvious accent . 
 moments passed where nothing was said . 
 `` that ship you knocked off , bet you think that was funny . '' 
 the voice did not echo once but vanished into silence . 
 `` you wo n't be laughing if you knew who i was . 
 you better wipe that smile off your face , that was my ship you tried to knock off . '' 
 `` yeah ... that 's nice . '' 
 `` do n't expect me to take this lightly . '' 
 `` sure buddy , i jack ships like that all the time . 
 now throw me the key and i 'll be on my way . '' 
 `` oh , but you have n't jacked my ships before ... and that 's why you were lucky , until now . '' 
 `` sounds like you were the lucky one . '' 
 `` when captains lose ships , they lose reputation . 
 when i lose ships i lose billions of credits . 
 i have zero tolerance for piracy , and zero tolerance for scum like you . '' 
 `` what 's a few billion gallons of jumu cola between friends ? '' 
 `` funny . 
 i 've seen your work before , i know fellow business owners that have been damaged by your exploits . 
 those vac-missile drones rip holes in the side of the hulls and if the ships are n't destroyed then they are forced to limp home with an injured crew . 
 the size of the holes are larger than this security cabin . 
 do you think about the crews when you perform your heinous acts ? '' 
 `` casualties are part of the job . 
 flying through space is a dangerous way to live . 
 if it is n't an asteroid that gets you then it 's the damn pirates . '' 
 zsilana laughed . 
 `` do you know who you stole from ? '' 
 he barked , `` do you know who i am ? '' 
 `` everyone , anyone . 
 i do my research , i know what 's on each vessel before i take it but i 'm not so picky ; jumu cola today , azorn minerals yesterday and who knows what tomorrow brings ? '' 
 `` both companies have legal rights to safe passage in terosan space , as documented in the kyopix agreement . '' 
 his monotonous voice was beginning to irritate zsilana . 
 where was he from anyway ? 
 `` safe and unhindered passage , i should add . '' 
 `` we 're not in terosan space , and since when did kyopix care so much about their workers ? 
 i 've met hundreds of former kyopix workers in indie sectors before . '' 
 zsilana replied . 
 `` the ships are owned by kyopix . 
 they are my ships . 
 i do n't like it when people damage my vessels . 
 the cola is less of a concern but i do own 30 % of the company 's stock . '' 
 that had to be the smuggest voice in the whole galaxy , perhaps he was n't always so monotonous . 
 `` so i can keep 70 % of it and you can let me out ? '' 
 `` zsilana ... '' the wall began to vibrate accompanied by an awful whirring sound . 
 a viewport appeared on the blank wall that gave zsilana a view of the space outside . 
 `` take a look outside . 
 i 'm not playing games . '' 
 an explosion roared in front of her . 
 an intense shock of shrapnel bounced against the hull of the security cabin . 
 `` am i supposed to be impressed by the bright lights ? '' 
 `` that was one of your ships , cal 34 . 
 designation , light freighter , if i 'm not mistaken . '' 
 `` and my crew ? '' 
 `` they 're safe . 
 i 'm not a murderer but you need to learn your lesson . '' 
 `` i have more ships , one is n't a big loss , '' zsilana said . 
 `` is it not ? 
 i do n't enjoy losing a ship and i would gauge that you do n't either . 
 you hide your feelings well . 
 keep watching . '' 
 another explosion occurred outside . 
 `` i do n't think that 's legal , not this close to the station . '' 
 `` legal ? 
 do n't make me laugh my pretty . 
 you know nothing of legal . '' 
 `` so why are you talking to me if i am to be punished ? '' 
 `` it amuses me to see you in there . 
 i 've heard much about you , zsilana , but never had the good fortune to meet you , and now favourable circumstances have presented you here with little effort from myself . 
 it was like i just had to think it and you put yourself in front me . 
 just when i need you . 
 perhaps it is serendipity ? '' 
 `` you ? 
 need me ? '' 
 `` i have a proposition ... one that will let you out here , without punishment ... but i 'll be taking back the jumu cola . 
 all of it . '' 
 `` what will i have to do ? '' 
 `` what you normally do : steal . 
 there is something that i would like to have . 
 something that kyopix feels it could benefit from but it is n't something that we can acquire so easily ourselves . 
 you see , terosan recently purchased an intergalactic propulsion system . 
 not star to star , but galaxy to galaxy . 
 can you imagine the wealth we could reap with such a device ? 
 why fight over congested starlanes and limited resources when you could jump to a whole other galaxy with a whole load of other resources . 
 we 'd be rich beyond belief . '' 
 `` is n't the kyopix consortium already rich beyond belief ? 
 do n't answer that . 
 i know the answer already . 
 i have to say i 'm curious , i did n't know such technology existed ... or could exist . 
 how exactly did terosan ` purchase ' this device ? '' 
 `` ah , with great cost i assume ... from the hayf imperium . 
 unfortunately , terosan has no intention of sharing this technological wonder ... and , well , we want it ... '' she had a feeling he was smirking but the next thing he was going to say was inevitable . 
 `` and you will get it for us . '' 
 `` hayf ? 
 as in the hayf imperium ? '' 
 she expelled her breath in disbelief , `` nah , now you are just making fun of me . 
 i do n't believe it . 
 not for a second . 
 first , it was an intergalactic drive , then you make it worse by suggesting the hayf traded it to terosan . 
 perhaps you want me to walk over space there , naked , and simply pick it up with my bare hands ? 
 well , of course i 'll knock their door first . 
 i best be polite about it , right ? '' 
 `` hayf , as in the hayf imperium . 
 yes , the same people . 
 we were astonished by it too but that 's what our intel tells us and we know the intel is reliable . 
 i can show you the archive of our doc-streams . 
 terosan did an impressive job of keeping this one quiet , very quiet . 
 we only learnt about the deal after the delivery was concluded ... and i ca n't think of a single other times that 's happened ... at least not for a long time . 
 what terms hayf accepted are unknown , but we both know technology like that ca n't be cheap . 
 such a device would lead to untold fortunes and power . 
 i assume that you want to be there along for the ride , do n't you ? '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 zsilana asked . 
 `` are you not the best person for the job ? '' 
 zsilana smirked at this coy reply , but kept her lips sealed . 
 she waited ; baiting him to say more . 
 he muttered , `` are you looking for me to give you some praise little girl ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` nah ... '' she paused , `` i 'm not interested , i 'd rather just pay a fine and get out , '' zsilana replied . 
 `` i can hold you there indefinitely . 
 we 're not in terosan space as you so rightly pointed out ; we 're in wild space , the independent paradise for criminals . 
 who will come to ensure that you have your rights ? 
 money talks and i 've bought everyone . 
 you 're in here and you 're staying in here ... unless i decide to change my mind . '' 
 he had a point , `` let 's say i do this ... how exactly do i get around the terosan fleet ? '' 
 `` come . '' 
 the voice beckoned . 
 the cell door slid open . 
 `` just steal the device and bring it back to me . 
 simple . '' 
 zsilana stood up and strolled out of the door . 
 she exited into the inspection room and saw her would-be employer flanked by two armed guards . 
 a man of similar height and a face of smoothed out wrinkles . 
 an impossible monochrome block of slick backed hair sat atop his head . 
 `` their defenses will be down , we 've got that covered . 
 all you have to do is get inside and take it . '' 
 she had only meant to glance into his eyes but fixed upon him for a moment too long , `` men definitely get better with age . '' 
 she whistled then stepped close to smell his odour . 
 if he 's that way inclined his eyes would follow the cleavage . 
 zsilana hoped to turn his excitement into favour . 
 manipulation was always the key to getting ahead . 
 he looked . 
 his eyes dipped . 
 she smiled . 
 the kyopix boss reached out a hand towards her breasts and grabbed at the id tags that hung around her neck . 
 `` fake tags . '' 
 he pulled the tags free and slipped out the hidden datachip . 
 `` hidden credit chip . 
 counterfeit too ? 
 this is too cliched . 
 i have to laugh . '' 
 zsilana snatched at the credit chip . 
 she leaned closer to peck a kiss upon his lips . 
 `` no touching . 
 touching is extra . 
 i 'll get the device but you 'll need to replace those two ships you just destroyed . '' 
 zsilana smirked . 
 `` you 'll get them . '' 
 `` you set the location and time , and i 'll create the extraction plan . 
 this should be a routine operation , although it is one with considerable risk . 
 the device stays with me until payment is settled . 
 if you fail to pay then i destroy the device , '' zsilana said . 
 `` it wo n't come to that . 
 payment will be generous , i can assure you . 
 a hundred thousand credits per head should cover it . '' 
 `` that wo n't even cover the damage they 'll do to my ships . 
 five hundred ! '' 
 `` i 'll advance you two hundred and that ought to see your ships ready for action . 
 the final repair costs will be covered when you return . 
 plus an additional hundred per head on delivery . '' 
 `` i want two hundred before i agree to this . 
 send me the details and i 'll review them . 
 right now , i need to get back to my ship . 
 the crew will be missing me . '' 
 she blew a kiss and walked out of the inspection room . 
 kyopix released control of zsilana 's fleet and returned her crew . 
 her return to the ship was short lived , a quick reconciliation with the crew before coming back to the station . 
 they allowed her lead ship to wait at one of the company 's own airlocks -- a premium spot near the market deck . 
 the walk from ship to market was less than two minutes . 
 zsilana 's heart beated quicker when the airlock opened on to the main thoroughfare of the market deck . 
 she beamed with excitement . 
 this was a small perk but definitely a worthy sweetener . 
 her usual docking section was several floors away and required a series of lifts that ensured double-backing on yourself just to get to market . 
 it sounded like madness to anyone that had n't visited before , but the station was n't designed and built as a single entity -- it had grown organically , module by module . 
 luryae grinned , she held her captain 's hand as they walked into the market . 
 the open air structure showcased a hive of merchant coves intermingled with bars and portable stalls . 
 this module of the station was a half-sphere several stories in height ; all the coves appeared to be dug into the exterior frame and faced inwardly looking at each other across the open plaza . 
 ups and acrosses -- walkways joined one level to another -- a web of traffic enhancers . 
 walk on the left , stand or loiter on the right . 
 never block a walkway . 
 alcohol must only be consumed in the designated areas . 
 all chemical inhalers must be smokeless -lrb- unless inside privileged premises -rrb- . 
 walk , do n't run . 
 talk , do n't shout . 
 mobile communicators must be no more powerful than a hundred squats . 
 for all that the station was free from terosan zsilana felt it ironic that the station had so many rules . 
 she remembered her first visit here with her parents . 
 evacuees , dirty , smelly , poor , impolite and homeless but that made them cleaner than half the spacejunkers that called ardent light their home . 
 zsilana fondly remembered the creaky welds that joined two mismatched and decaying ship hulls at their seams . 
 nothing ever fitted right , nothing was painted or sealed either . 
 if mice lived in space they could race from top to bottom in a day . 
 those days were an appendage to the modern station . 
 ardent light had evolved a long way from its chaotic patchwork beginning . 
 the kyopix consortium had done much to modernize the station in an effort to commercialize it , boost local trade , and then extract as much profit from it as possible . 
 they ca n't claim to have put the station on the galactic charts but they definitely made it the most popular independent destination bar none . 
 the station had ballooned in population and size since kyopix bought it . 
 zsilana reluctantly admitted to herself that it was probably for the best . 
 tripped out spacejunkers threatening families with extortion was n't the best upbringing for a child , and that was something that zsilana longed to forget . 
 ardent light was so large that smaller stations orbited it . 
 these new stations catered for specialist needs : refueling , repairs , storage and any needs of the space traveller . 
 the main station had become premium real estate , her mother had predicted . 
 she told zsilana to watch how big cities can grow by being popular . 
 it was a natural law of the universe as far as her mother was concerned . 
 if the smaller stations around the light were n't impressive enough then any first timer would be amazed by the fleets of ships that floated just out of touching distance . 
 the fleets , like the stations , conducted trade and exchanged services with one another . 
 the light was almost superfluous because it was dwarfed in size compared to the far spread fleets of ships , yet it was the focal point that held everything together . 
 kyopix reminded everyone that it was the locus of independent commerce . 
 `` so when will you tell me about this job we got ? 
 is it safe ? 
 it sounds too good to be true . 
 think about it . 
 we all got strung up and now we 're out because the guy does n't want to press charges . 
 there is something you 're not telling me , '' luryae probed . 
 `` kee , my darling , you got ta trust me on this one . 
 there 's a lot of risk but we can pull it off ... i just ca n't talk about it in the open . '' 
 after a quick stroll across the market plaza zsilana lead them into a shadowy corridor thatshe guessed would lead to further airlocks . 
 in a nearby alcove hid a bank of vending machines . 
 `` freebie ? '' 
 zsilana smirked and inserted her fake credit chip into a machine . 
 `` gim me a jumu , '' luryae laughed . 
 `` did you give it all back ? '' 
 `` the jumu shipment ? 
 he took it while we were incarcerated but we 'll make more on this job than we would have made selling cola . '' 
 `` so , about this job ... what is it ? '' 
 `` we have been asked to steal something ... something big . 
 kyopix only released us without charges since i agreed to the job . 
 they have agreed to pay us well for the delivery of a certain item . '' 
 `` you said it will be risky , how risky ? 
 this item has to be important to simply let us go . 
 it ca n't be something so easy to get or they would have bought it already . 
 kyopix are a powerful player in the galaxy , why would they want our help ? '' 
 `` it 's a high level job and this will secure our reputation as a powerful player in the galaxy . 
 we can do it . 
 we can steal anything , is n't that what we always tell ourselves ? 
 no job too big and leave no path unwalked . 
 that 's why they asked us : we can steal anything but kyopix ca n't . 
 they ca n't risk their reputation but you 're right it is something they ca n't buy , so they want to steal it . 
 that 's where we come in . '' 
 luryae grumbled , she did n't like the risky jobs . 
 she 'd agree to go but her expression always betrayed her feelings . 
 `` the last high level job we tried almost got us killed . 
 can you promise me that wo n't happen ? '' 
 `` this job is risky and i ca n't promise we wo n't die . 
 if things go awry we can run . 
 we 've done that all our lives . 
 we 'll make it out . 
 trust me on this one , the stakes are worth it . 
 when we 're done you can visit vinri , as you always wanted . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking ... that i do n't have a choice , you 're going and i ca n't let you down . 
 i do n't like the smell of this , we should be rotting in a jail cell , and we would be if it was n't for our mysterious benefactor . 
 one who works for kyopix ? 
 so who is our employer exactly ? '' 
 `` oh ... only the ceo of kyopix . 
 the guy at the top of the food chain . '' 
 `` the one and only ? '' 
 luryae asked , she hid her surprise . 
 `` yep . 
 him . 
 did i mention i 'm meeting him tonight for dinner ? '' 
 zsilana smiled . 
 `` is he cute ? 
 will you - '' `` is that your first concern ? 
 yes , we might ` you know ' do that ` thing ' but i 'll be coming back baby kee . '' 
 `` how old is he anyway ? '' 
 `` could be 60 , he does n't hide his age and i know he is older than my dad . 
 but less talk on that , you need to push the crew into prep mode . 
 we should n't linger too long . 
 too many prying eyes and we have a reputation for trouble . '' 
 `` you do n't say , '' luryae shot a look of incredulity , she smiled , `` i had three blasters pointed at my head this morning and that was before security arrived . '' 
 `` hey , they broke three of my ribs before even asking my name . 
 that 's just rude . '' 
 `` broke three ribs ? 
 you do n't even look hurt . '' 
 `` ok , slight exaggeration . 
 they kicked me while i was on the floor . 
 it felt like i had my ribs broken , who 's counting ? '' 
 `` well you just did ... '' luryae laughed . 
 `` and yes , our reputation is not that of law abiding citizens of the galaxy but i fear we are messing with people and powers beyond our control . 
 what is it we are stealing for them ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say , not yet ... the bottom line is that we will be infiltrating terosan , but do n't worry about it . 
 we 'll have the support we need . 
 look , i need to go , i wish i could tell you more but it is n't that easy . 
 chin up and get our crew in order . '' 
 zsilana placed her hand on luryae 's cheek . 
 `` we can back out if it goes wrong . 
 come , let 's have another box of jumu . '' 
 zsilana smiled and finally luryae smiled back . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a voice shouted behind them , `` you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 zsilana turned around to confront the stranger . 
 a young male approached the two of them . 
 zsilana sighed . 
 cute but a poor opening gambit . 
 `` i just saw you steal two boxes of cola . '' 
 the voice was wavering . 
 zsilana noted the lack of confidence . 
 `` relax , you did n't see anything , '' she replied . 
 `` my father will have your head for this , he owns that company . '' 
 `` your father ? 
 and who is he to be so great ? '' 
 zsilana said . 
 `` my father is vohosecy gihriwu , chief executive of the kyopix consortium . '' 
 `` hmmm , never heard of him , '' zsilana said flatly . 
 luryae barely repressed her laughter , she choked then let out a light cough that was clearly a laugh . 
 `` you better give them back . 
 right now . '' 
 the petulant voice was gnawing at zsilana 's patience , she straightened her back and noticed the young male 's eyes drop to watch her chest raise . 
 the tightly fitting dress was the hook . 
 he was right where she wanted him . 
 `` tell you what ... i 'll pay for them . '' 
 zsilana pulled out a real credit chip and placed it into his hand . 
 she grabbed his wrist and then placed a kiss upon his lips . 
 he stood still in frozen silence . 
 `` d-d-do you have dinner plans ? '' 
 the young man smiled , visibly nervous . 
 `` i do ... but i 'll make you a better offer . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` come to my ship and we can have supper . 
 luryae can sort dinner for you if you promise to wait for me when i get back . '' 
 luryae grabbed him by the shoulders and lead him back to zsilana 's ship . 
 her grip was far stronger than his . 
 had he even tried to resist ? 
 zsilana smirked . 
 `` dinner has to be cancelled . '' 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 zsilana tried to hide her disappointment . 
 she was barely inside his luxurious apartment which sat atop the pinnacle of ardent light . 
 expensive looking art adorned every wall . 
 the decorations were otherwise plain and minimalist but gave an air of solid craftsmanship . 
 zsilana half expected to see his portrait on one of the walls but could n't see it . 
 above the bed hung an abstract piece that she was n't able to decipher : it was a chaotic mess of colours that might have well have been a computer file dump and then framed . 
 her eyes wandered the room to the extent that her mind drifted from why she was here . 
 `` my sixth wife called to say that she has to visit her company 's operations on the station ... or so she says but i accidentally left my diary out . 
 ergo , that 's how she tracked me down . 
 best if you left , this could get messy . 
 she likes shouting , if nothing else , '' he said . 
 `` ca n't be that bad can it ? 
 let 's have a drink ? 
 just one . '' 
 zsilana smiled . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he tried to resist the temptation . 
 zsilana had turned her back and walked to the whisky decanter . 
 she sniffed the aroma then poured two drinks . 
 she looked deep into his eyes and walked over with both glasses half-full . 
 zsilana smiled then stumbled with a well practised fake trip . 
 the whisky glass slipped from her hands and covered vohosecy 's shirt . 
 `` oh ! 
 i 'm very sorry . '' 
 zsilana produced a napkin from thin air and started to dab at the wet patch , `` let me help you . '' 
 vohosecy muttered something that sounded like a curse , he pushed zsilana 's hand back then unbuttoned his shirt . 
 `` this will need to go in the washing chute . '' 
 he pointed to a hatch on the wall . 
 zsilana stared at his lightly defined abs . 
 not bad shape for his age . 
 `` do we have time ? '' 
 `` time ? 
 time for what ? '' 
 zsilana , `` y ' know ... before your wife comes . '' 
 `` no . 
 we do n't have time for that . '' 
 he stared at her , it genuinely looked like anger but she did n't care . 
 another barrier to overcome and she liked a challenge , despite how short lived this one would be . 
 then , again , there was another waiting for her back on the ship . 
 this could be the plot for maintaining control : neither knows about the other . 
 bargaining chips were always needed when business went sour . 
 zsilana stepped forward to take his shirt , she stepped too close and pressed her lips against his . 
 gently sliding her tongue into his mouth she grabbed for his belt as he feigned resistance . 
 he pushed her back then undid the belt himself , he grabbed her by the waist and pulled her closer . 
 `` clothes . 
 off . 
 now ! '' 
 was all he managed to say . 
 `` captain . '' 
 luryae stumbled to her feet and saluted zsilana as she entered the bridge . 
 zsilana had caught luryae with her feet upon the captain 's computer panel . 
 `` luryae ! '' 
 zsilana snapped but then relaxed with a smile , `` no feet on my computer . 
 ready the ships for departure . '' 
 `` things did n't go well ? '' 
 luryae kee asked . 
 `` i need to go shower , '' zsilana beamed . 
 `` oh ! 
 i see , '' luryae smirked , `` well then captain . 
 it seems i better make this ship ready . '' 
 `` we need to leave sharp . 
 a transmission just came in as i was leaving . 
 our target ship is heading into the sector so we 'll have less time to prepare than usual but let 's make every second count . '' 
 `` yes , captain , '' luryae replied to zsilana , `` you hear her . '' 
 she shouted to the rest of the crew on the bridge , `` release the docking clamps and take us out from station . 
 let the other ships know our route . '' 
 zsilana leaned close to luryae , `` where 's the young one ? '' 
 `` in your quarters . '' 
 `` good . 
 i hope he has been treated well . '' 
 luryae nodded in response . 
 `` captain ? '' 
 luryae asked . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` may we speak ... in private ? '' 
 zsilana pointed to the forward lounge . 
 the pair stepped inside and sat opposite each other at the oblong conference table . 
 luryae spoke , `` captain , what are we doing here ? 
 the crew is spooked , they - '' `` they ca n't know just yet . '' 
 `` but - '' `` just tell them it 's a routine extraction . '' 
 `` and the truth of it ? '' 
 luryae pressed for answers . 
 `` the terosan government has purchased a powerful piece of equipment from the hayf imperium . 
 the system is being tested nearby and this is our best chance to take it . 
 kyopix have people on the inside that will deactivate the shields upon our arrival . 
 we will extract the device along with the kyopix engineers . 
 they will have everything prepped for us . 
 we just need to show up and do our part . 
 it 's a routine extraction . '' 
 `` but , wo n't it -- '' `` it 's a routine extraction , '' zsilana repeated more forcefully . 
 `` hayf ? 
 that does n't sound routine to me . 
 i have a bad feeling about this , we 've never been near hayf space before and with good reason . 
 the stories never end in a pleasant way . '' 
 `` but they are just stories . 
 have you ever met anyone that has survived ? 
 besides we wo n't be in hayf space , far from it . '' 
 `` no one survives that 's why we have n't met anyone , '' luryae complained . 
 `` and if no one survives then how do the stories get out ? '' 
 `` well ... you know what i mean . 
 they do n't deal with any other species in the galaxy except to destroy them . 
 no one has ever seen them and no one will go near them . 
 that 's good enough for me to know this is crazy . 
 what 's a bucket of bolts like this ship going to do against their destroyers ? '' 
 `` look , the risks are high but we 'll make it through . 
 tell the crew to prepare for extraction and then stay focussed . 
 we 'll make it , believe me on this one . 
 we 've got some of the best engineers out there to help us make this go smoothly . 
 let 's talk more later , i really need to shower . '' 
 `` yes , captain . '' 
 the ship was loaded and ready to leave ardent light . 
 zsilana slouched in her chair , she watched on the viewscreens as her crew went about their tasks . 
 silently she beamed with pride , being captain had its merits . 
 you picked the destiny . 
 she leant over with one hand casually stretched out towards the assistant 's chair . 
 zsilana lunged then clasped feyu 's hand . 
 the displays of affection were too casual , luryae had said . 
 it was simple jealousy . 
 this was n't a military ship , and discipline had never been a problem anyway . 
 `` after this job we 'll visit the pleasure domes of kriin , '' zsilana smiled , she kissed feyu 's hand . 
 he writhed uncomfortably , feyu did n't seem to enjoy the attention . 
 the two chairs sat on a raised podium above the rest of the bridge crew . 
 `` soon it will be time for you to see what makes us successful . '' 
 `` closing in on the position , captain , '' lieutenant byrol shouted . 
 `` shield up , weapons ready , '' ensign teran added . 
 `` there are n't many ships where half the of officers are female , '' zsilana spoke softly so only feyu could hear . 
 his eyes were scanning the room , he was watching , anticipating , judging . 
 he must be trying to figure out how much danger we are entering into . 
 `` in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... we 're there . '' 
 byrol announced . 
 `` visual , '' zsilana demanded , `` i want their status . '' 
 `` their shields are up and are maneuvering into a defensive pattern . '' 
 `` ensign sarsen , punch in code 359 then transmit on band m. '' `` yes , captain , '' sarsen acknowledged . 
 `` captain , their engines are out , '' byrol shouted , `` they just turned off for no reason . '' 
 `` personal transmission for the captain on band m , '' sarsen announced and punched in the commands to relay the message to zsilana 's datapad . 
 `` sarsen , patch a copy to luryae . '' 
 `` teran , what 's their shield and weapon status ? '' 
 `` completely nullified . 
 at least for now , captain , but i ca n't say how long they will be down for , might be days but could be minutes . 
 i ca n't tell . 
 their systems are more complex than i 'm used to . 
 yet somehow their defences came down without any effort . 
 do we have someone helping us on the inside ? '' 
 teran said . 
 `` another incoming message captain , '' sarsen said , `` patching ... '' `` bring us about and review the on-screen annotations -- we 'll spearhead the fleet by going here . '' 
 zsilana proded her datapad . 
 the oval viewscreen at the front bridge shone with pulsing lights where the captain outlined her strategy . 
 `` supporting ships will skirt the edges ; here , here and along here . '' 
 she scribbled more lines with her finger . 
 `` teran , inform the boarding party that it 's time to dock , they need to be ready . '' 
 `` yes , captain . '' 
 `` there are engineers to extract . 
 tell the boarding party that they will be at these coordinates : patching them now . 
 make sure they read my instructions fully for extracting the device , i 've been given clear orders to safely remove the device without even a scratch . '' 
 hush fell upon the bridge while the crew members carried out their tasks . 
 zsilana noted that feyu 's eyes followed her every movement ; whether she sat back or on the edge of her seat , his eyes followed . 
 he did n't speak and bore no expression . 
 `` ... and docking in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... engaged , '' teran 's voice broke the silence . 
 `` get the boarding party on screen , let 's see their helmet feeds , '' zsilana said . 
 `` doors opening . 
 feeds on , '' sarsen announced . 
 `` boarding team , follow the engineers to the extraction point . 
 crew member 7 direct engineer rayot to board our ship , he has a copy of the blueprints for the device . '' 
 `` all going smoothly so far . '' 
 feyu 's voice was crisp yet quiet . 
 `` so far , but we ca n't become complacent . '' 
 luryae stood behind zsilana . 
 the boarding team had passed through the ship undetected . 
 the internal sensors were still down although it was anyone 's guess when they would be functioning again . 
 fortunately , the kyopix spies already on board the ship had helped to disable door locking mechanisms where needed . 
 it also helped that all the other doors were locked shut and allowed the boarding party to progress unhindered . 
 `` they 're by the device , see cams 3 through 6 , '' sarsen announced . 
 zsilana edged forward on her seat `` team , make sure device is unhinged for removal . 
 i 'm counting on the engineers here , you guys told me you knew how to get this device out . 
 now prove it . '' 
 `` yes captain , device is almost unhinged '' came the reply , `` but how do we get it out ? 
 this thing is huge . 
 there ai n't no way this small team is carrying that thing out on our shoulders . 
 no ma’am . '' 
 `` do n't worry about that crewman , you 're doing exactly what i asked , just make sure it is completely unhinged from the supports and ready to pop out when i say , '' zsilana replied . 
 she turned and spoke into her ship 's intercom , she had another team to work from this ship , `` are the torches ready ? '' 
 `` cutting torches ready , captain . '' 
 `` start etching the hull , we 'll blow it through from this side , '' zsilana instructed then turned back to the open comm-channel to the other crew members , `` boarding team , stand back . 
 this hull 's coming loose . '' 
 `` yes , captain , '' a crew member replied . 
 `` any further resistance ? '' 
 zsilana asked . 
 `` the terosan crew are readying a combat team to take back the engineering section . 
 so far they 've had no luck but we better get moving . '' 
 `` what 's the eta ? '' 
 zsilana looked towards ensign teran . 
 `` only a few minutes , '' teran said . 
 the hardest part about being captain was the limited feedback you experienced while stuck in the captain 's chair . 
 you had to hope that everyone was doing their job to the best of their ability . 
 it was n't always obvious to tell that when all you can see if a small section of flooring or wall from a crewmembers viewscreen . 
 the device was unhinged from the supports , so the reports had said but it was n't obvious from the viewscreen feeds . 
 it should however have at least a few more pieces that attached it to the rest of the rest , zsilana guessed , it had to be tied to the ships engine 's somehow . 
 that 's how it propelled , surely . 
 the overview she read from the kyopix spies made it sound simple , yet neither she nor them were engineers . 
 `` make sure the device is ready to pop . 
 we need to move fast , '' zsilana barked to the away team . 
 `` torches , report in , how is the etching ? '' 
 `` the etching process is almost done captain , but the hull was thicker than expected . 
 we managed to use the pneumatic thumpers to punch through the inner hull , should be easy to lift the skin from this one captain . '' 
 zsilana looked to teran , `` em-shields and weapons still down ? '' 
 `` still down , '' ensign teran replied . 
 almost there . 
 this is going to work , it 's actually going to work . 
 zsilana steadied herself in the chair , but excitement was building , her stomach churned , her legs stiffened and her brow became moist from perspiration . 
 it was hard to watch . 
 so close now . 
 there 's a lot of credits waiting for us when we get back . 
 a private yacht would be in order -- something to cruise around in without the crew , a little something packed full of luxuries . 
 `` cam 4 , i need a visual to your left . 
 possible breach in adjoining corridor , '' sarsen interrupted . 
 `` looking . 
 nothing , '' came the reply , `` i 'll scout the area and report back . '' 
 `` captain , '' teran shouted , `` the engineers reported that the hull is ready to be pushed through . 
 suction team has secured the perimeter and are ready for the extraction . '' 
 `` then let 's make the lift , '' zsilana said , `` engineers , move back from the extraction point . 
 crewman 2 , lead them back to the ship . '' 
 across an open com channel the entire bridge heard the dirty sound of a discharging bolt rifle . 
 an archaic projectile weapon that made the bloodiest mess . 
 another shot thundered , it filled the bridge with electronic feedback and reverb . 
 cam 5 lay smashed and bloodied ; dirt , blood smeared the partially working visual feed . 
 `` breach ! 
 we need back up in engineering . 
 now ! '' 
 member 2 shouted across their com . 
 `` member 5 is down , '' sarsen announced . 
 `` hold tight , i 'm on my way , '' luryae called out . 
 zsilana stood up . 
 that was nothing she could say but watch and let kee exit the bridge . 
 she gulped a loud intake of air that made the bridge crew momentarily turn to watch her . 
 for that moment when the air was held it seemed like hours . 
 when the out-breath came the bridge crew returned to work . 
 she could n't stop luryae going , personal feelings only served to make the decision cloudy . 
 the away team needed more leadership . 
 it was the natural choice . 
 ` be safe ' , her words came out as a whisper . 
 further shots reverberated over the bridge 's com system . 
 `` back up needed . 
 i repeat , back up needed , '' crew member 3 pleaded . 
 `` it 's coming . 
 sit tight ! '' 
 zsilana shouted . 
 `` has the lifting started ? 
 i wanted that device out of there . 
 now ! '' 
 `` the hull is breached and but the engineers ca n't strap harnesses to the device until the fighting has stopped . '' 
 `` captain , we have incoming , '' sarsen said . 
 `` well ? 
 send more troops then . '' 
 `` no , not in there . 
 out here . 
 two frigate sized ships appeared from nowhere . 
 visual in 3 . 
 scanners show they are on top of the our fleet . '' 
 `` send out periphery ships . 
 fleet lead has to stick tight to target vessel . '' 
 zsilana . 
 `` ships dispatched . '' 
 teran said . 
 `` visual on , '' sarsen said , `` those ... they are n't terosan captain . 
 that 's hayf frigates , it has to be . '' 
 `` they 're only frigates , '' zsilana said . 
 `` hayf frigates , captain , '' sarsen said . 
 `` look , just make sure those hayf whatevers do n't get close to our position . '' 
 `` captain , this is suicide . 
 we wo n't survive hayf frigrates . 
 we should abort , '' sarsen said . 
 `` never . 
 no device , no payment , '' zsilanan retaliated , `` we need to crush those vessels . 
 how hard can it be ? '' 
 `` one of our ships is already damaged ; retreating . 
 a second ship now disabled . 
 captain , this is getting out of hand fast . 
 we need a full reteat . '' 
 `` not yet , we 're too close , '' zsilana said . 
 `` another ship disabled . 
 and another . 
 our fleet is going down , captain , '' sarsen said . 
 `` terosan is immobilized , we can hold out long enough . '' 
 teran added support to the captain . 
 `` focus ! '' 
 zsilana shouted , `` hayf must have a weakness , there must be a way . '' 
 `` luryae is now on board , patching her through '' sarsen announced . 
 `` it 's a stalemate down here , captain . '' 
 luryae said . 
 `` figure it out and be quick , we have company out here . 
 hayf frigates '' zsilana replied . 
 `` hayf ? 
 captain - '' luryae spoke up but was cut short . 
 `` do your job luryae , let me worry about the hayf . '' 
 `` another ship gone , '' sarsen said , `` frigates closing in to our position . '' 
 `` bring ships to cover , '' zsilana said . 
 `` our boarding team has been repelled , '' teran said . 
 `` can we still get the device ? '' 
 zsilana 's voice quivered . 
 `` soon , '' teran replied . 
 `` captain , bad news , '' sarsen said , `` a hayf cruiser just appeared . 
 no warning and no visual yet . '' 
 `` luryae ? 
 get out . 
 they 've brought the heavies . '' 
 zsilana called out over the com . 
 sarsen read out further casualties , `` another ship gone , they 're taking us down too fast , but the frigates have been deflected from our position . 
 this is our gap to leave . 
 that cru - '' `` forget the device , let 's go . 
 now ! 
 lieutenant byrol , ready the engines . '' 
 a low rumbling engulfed the ship 's hull , the floor vibrated which caused the screens to flicker in and out of life . 
 `` pull us free , we need to leave , '' zsilana shouted . 
 `` we need time to release the clamps and close the airlocks . '' 
 taren replied . 
 `` we do n't have time . '' 
 `` cruiser circling to our position , '' sarsen warned . 
 `` go ! 
 go ! 
 go ! '' 
 zsilana paced back and forth in front of feyu , she cracked her knuckles and slapped the sweat from her brow . 
 `` luryae ? 
 are you on board ? 
 respond , please , '' teran spoke over the com . 
 a dim sound came back on the com chanel , `` here , lieutenant . '' 
 zsilana 's lead ship pulled free from the terosan vessel , as it undocked the boarding jetty sliced a gash along the hull . 
 shrapnel and dirt fanned out from the terosani hull . 
 bodies , tools burst , pipes all came free into the darkness of space . 
 a narrow escape from death itself , this was a story all too familiar for zsilana . 
 somehow this was different . 
 she 'd never come face to face with any hayf ship . 
 there was never any need to venture near their territory , and this time was no different . 
 how did they get here so quickly ? 
 they 're hayf her conscience told her . 
 they can do anything . 
 she had stared down the barrel of a gun more times than she could count . 
 sometimes she held the trigger , other times she was on the floor with the barrel in her mouth . 
 yet none of those times ever lead to death . 
 zsilana still lived despite the dangers of her style . 
 she was afraid when death knocked , she never learnt to overcome the fear but perhaps that 's what kept her alive . 
 fear can be suppressed but never killed . 
 despite all of that , all the past experiences , this time felt different . 
 her fleet had never been so methodically disabled or destroyed by anyone . 
 not the terosan , not kyopix , not her rivals , and the petty kings of factions faceless and unknown that inhabited the non-terosani freeworlds . 
 zsilana had tried to explain this to vohosecy , but he did n't seem to care . 
 he seemed heartless . 
 `` i have the plans . '' 
 zsilana smiled , she played coyly with her hair . 
 `` the device ? 
 you do n't have it ? 
 i ca n't pay you without it , i asked for the device , '' vohosecy replied in a cool tone . 
 zsilana looked at him sternly , `` you did n't say there would be any hayf presence there . '' 
 `` i could n't know . '' 
 `` you should have , you knew there was a fair chance i 'd be slaughtered which is why you gave me this mission . 
 you knew the capabilities of the hayf ships but needed someone else to test that theory . '' 
 `` no device , no payment . '' 
 `` your intelligence agents should have known , you sent us out there to be killed . '' 
 `` i want the device , not your head . 
 why would i let you go ? 
 you could have ran and never come back , i took that risk and i still need the device . '' 
 `` the plans will be sufficient , if you do n't buy them then someone else will . 
 i 'll find a market for them somewhere . '' 
 `` you 'll get a tenth of what they 're worth . '' 
 `` i thought you only wanted the device . '' 
 `` i want the device , yes . 
 besides , there is no way to prove that you have n't already copied and sold the plans . '' 
 `` well , that 's a chance you 'll just have to take . 
 i 'm right here , right now . 
 convenient point of sale my friend . '' 
 zsilana smiled . 
 `` a known thief with plans of a secret device , sounds like like grounds for making you an outlaw , and all outlaws have bounties on their head . 
 will you be accepted both dead or alive ? 
 we may have to see , and perhaps i should claim the reward myself . '' 
 vohosecy smiled and eyed zsilana , but she did n't flinch at the threat . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 vohosecy called out , he rubbed his hands together , `` give me the datachip . '' 
 `` i have it , '' zsilana flashed the chip , `` but you do n't think i came without some assurance ? 
 do you know where your son , feyu , is ? '' 
 `` he was dealing with some local corporations , i left him to deal with them , '' vohosecy paused , `` but , now that you say ... have you ... i see , you 've met my son , have n't you ? 
 what did you do with him ? '' 
 `` nothing yet , he 's a sweet boy . 
 kind hearted , warm . '' 
 `` he let himself get captured ? 
 he means nothing to me . '' 
 `` i did n't say i captured him , i just asked if you knew where he was . 
 feyu is safe , along with the plans for the device . 
 this datachip on the other hand contains nothing useful , it is simply a recording of feyu asleep on my ship . '' 
 zsilana smiled then threw the chip on to his desk , `` if you harm me then you wo n't find either the plans or your son . '' 
 `` what makes you think you can get out of here alive ? '' 
 he baited . 
 `` if you are thinking of forcing me to go against my will then be assured that i have people on the station waiting for me . 
 if i die they will know and my ship will leave with the plans and your son aboard . 
 i do n't want to die but i think you 'd rather have your son back , or you want the plans at the very least . '' 
 zsilana held her head high . 
 vohosecy said nothing . 
 he stared out a viewport into space , he reclined with a glass of whisky . 
 `` if you wo n't buy then i shall be leaving , '' zsilana spoke clearly . 
 `` go ! '' 
 vohosecy shouted . 
 zsilana straightened her tunic then turned to leave the room . 
 she grabbed for the panel by the door . 
 a low toned whoosh noise preceded the opening of the apartment door . 
 she left . 
 `` ok , i yield . 
 i yield . 
 come back , '' vohosecy called after her . 
 zsilana stood in the doorway . 
 she was silent but smiled . 
 `` give me the plans , and my son , and you can have a third of your payment . '' 
 `` half , '' zsilana complained . 
 `` you 've copied the plans already . 
 i can tell . 
 you 're not stupid , so do n't treat me as an idiot either . 
 your losses are your losses , and you can no longer guarantee exclusivity of the plans , '' vohosecy said . 
 zsilana nodded but hid her smile . 
 a third would be more than enough to replace what she had lost . 
 the hayf had only disabled the ships , not destroyed them . 
 the terosan military had boarded and captured the crew but they ought to still be alive . 
 there was hope . 
 story four -- gnir 's raid `` what are you doing ? '' 
 qevon sat reclined in his computer chair , he watched cerrun work with a las-torch . 
 `` frying my bio-chip , '' cerrun replied . 
 qev stared back , mouth agape . 
 cerrun smiled back at him , `` what ? '' 
 `` you removed your bio-chip ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` just took it out , '' cerrun laughed . 
 `` you know what i mean , '' qev wrinkled his brow , he was surprised that a terosan police team had n't descended from the roof top and broken in through the window , `` how did you remove it without setting off the alarm ? '' 
 cerrun smirked , `` y ' know , the usual way . '' 
 `` you remember the story about what happened to me as a kid ? '' 
 qev said . 
 `` yep , i did n't just pop it out . 
 you need to plan in advance for this sort of thing . '' 
 qev slinked uneasily in his seat , he tried to get a better view of what cerrun was doing . 
 did he actually have another chip in his arm , or what was he doing ? 
 `` well , y ' know , '' qev emphasised the last work mockingly , `` this is my place and i do n't plan to get arrested today . '' 
 `` i have another chip hooked up the datapad in my jacket , i planned ahead . '' 
 a smoldering smell reached qev 's nostrils , he squirmed in fear of cerrun 's madness . 
 `` the pad does the business and the chip believes it , everyone 's happy . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' qevon said , `` you 're not the first to try this , and there 's good reason that more people do n't . '' 
 `` the first attempts at chip faking was before the tgn was even set up . 
 the first to do it was younger than we are now , although it was simpler then . 
 no profile faking or chip cloning , just straight forward rewiring . '' 
 `` profile spoofing has never worked though , they always get caught , '' qevon warned . 
 `` the good ones do n't get caught and that 's why we never hear about them . '' 
 `` and what about that guy recently who changed his appearance on the tgn ? '' 
 `` he did n't do it right . '' 
 `` clearly , '' qev snorted . 
 `` i saw his code , a fair attempt but too simple . 
 he copied a gaming profile and tried to run that on the tgn with his normal biochip . 
 a spoofed profile but the hardware was the same . 
 the authorities are wise to that . 
 running faster than a shuttle through some of the busiest streets did n't help either . '' 
 `` we 'll see how well you fail then , '' qev patted cerrun on the back and then left to grab a couple of beers . 
 he returned with two opened synthglass bottles . 
 `` here , '' he commanded cerrun to take a beer who was still fidling with a lastorch and the biochip . 
 `` this 'll work , just wait and see . '' 
 `` ... and if it does n't at least they 'll trace it to my place ? '' 
 `` fingers crossed , '' cerrun laughed . 
 `` what shall i open ? 
 pre-load the room or you want to test it in a game ? '' 
 `` load the room but connect to tgn , i just want to check a few parameters before going out . 
 no point doing all this messing around just to play games , even on the net games they do n't check biochips as strictly as they could . 
 no point , '' cerrun said , his point made sense . 
 qev felt he had to agree with the sentiment but was cautious about loading up the tgn from his home connection . 
 `` computer has loaded the room , you 'll need to reach over behind you and grab my spare visor , or did you bring one ? '' 
 qev said . 
 `` i brought one , thanks , '' cerrun replied , he swigged a gulp of beer and placed the visor over his head . 
 `` loading in , '' qev said . 
 `` you boys better behave in there , '' sellicia shouted through from the other room . 
 the room was empty . 
 the walls a shade of white against the usual grey floor . 
 the light hatch was closed and a single incandescent bulb beamed from the ceiling . 
 `` watch this , '' cerrun jumped , and then again . 
 `` i 'm watching you jump ? '' 
 qev replied . 
 `` higher than normal , i 've boosted my jumping while inside the tgn . '' 
 `` so you can jump over a building then ? '' 
 `` that would draw unwanted attention ... like the shuttle running guy did . '' 
 `` so what 's the point then ? '' 
 qev prodded . 
 `` to test , refine , and improve our functionality . 
 it is self-empowering . '' 
 `` sure ... '' qevon was n't wholly interested , `` let 's fly , i said to melec and krognar i 'd meet them this afternoon . '' 
 `` ha , melec . 
 i wonder why we bother . '' 
 `` you know why , he is n't so bad . 
 he 's followed us into the thick of it many times , and you know as well as i that he can code with the best , '' qevon said . 
 `` just pass me the coordinates , '' cerrun commanded . 
 qev physically passed a datachip into cerrun 's palm before swigging his beer . 
 just as he wiped his lips cerrun 's pixelated self had vanished . 
 qev 's eyes moved to the location button on his hud , his fingers tapped on the nearby console and soon his profile slipped into the datastream and sped across the tgn to the target destination . 
 `` how 'd you do that ? '' 
 qev asked in amazement . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` there 's two of you , '' cerrun looked over his shoulder and saw a copy of himself doing the same . 
 qev was surprised by cerrun 's reaction , neither were expecting it . 
 `` also , how did you get here so quickly ? '' 
 qev asked . 
 `` tricks of the trade , '' cerrun smirked , `` i already had a half-search on the location before you handed me the datachip . 
 the coordinates merely removed the other possibilities . '' 
 `` how did you figure out how to do that ? 
 you 've far too much spare time . '' 
 qev replied , he turned to survey the local area . 
 the two of them stood just out of the awning of a large tower , this neighbourhood was one of the quieter areas in the sector and was often a favourite hangout . 
 wherever they went staying low key was the plan . 
 their location jump had taken them to a narrow passageway that connected two towers . 
 cerrun 's two-body accident had remained unseen . 
 the underbelly of the forest of towers was somewhere that qevon had avoided since the accident he had as a child . 
 his father 's words still rang in his ears . 
 a message beeped on qevon 's hud ` almost there ' , it was melec . 
 qev looked around to tell cerrun but he had disappeared , qev wrinkled his brow . 
 he moved to the end of the passageway and looked around . 
 the streets buzzed with a light patter of traffic but cerrun was gone . 
 `` your problem is simple , you 're not in charge and you never will be , '' melec appeared , his voice always preceded him . 
 `` nah , i 'll handle it . 
 she 'll come to see what she 's missing . '' 
 krognar looked deep in conversation with melec . 
 `` it does n't work like that , your problem is that you 're stuck in a dream . 
 you fantasize about what you want to happen . 
 you believe it but it will never be real . 
 never . '' 
 krognar looked towards the ground , his shoulders drooped with inconsolable acceptance , `` but ... surely - '' `` no . 
 never . 
 women want to be ignored . 
 they may not understand it but it is instinctive , thousands of years of evolution takes precedence over reason and rationality . 
 it was true before we discovered electricity and it 's true now , '' melec 's lecture stung krognar 's confidence . 
 `` i see i 've missed a fascinating conversation , '' qevon felt like yawning but let his words show his apathy . 
 `` melec does n't get it , he does n't know the situation like i do , '' krognar defended himself . 
 `` he has no chance . '' 
 `` hang in there , it might work out , '' qev said . 
 `` it wo n't , '' melec rebuked . 
 `` it might work this time , melec . 
 he just needs to stay positive . '' 
 `` nope , i 've known too many women . 
 the rules of the game are the rules of the game . 
 just take out a hundred and go to the titty bar . 
 drop a thousand and you might go home lucky , '' melec put an arm round krognar 's shoulder . 
 `` it does n't need to be like that , do n't make it sound so depressing , '' qev said . 
 `` you would n't know man , you had it easy ... i do n't mean to say you have n't had things tough too , but when it comes to this , y ' know ? '' 
 krognar looked at qevon with a look of fear . 
 `` infatuation is what they call that young man , '' the group turned their heads to see an old man addressing them . 
 the three friends stood in a moment of silence . 
 `` old man , it 's none of your business , '' krognar said , `` beat it . '' 
 `` listen to your elders , you 've got a dose of dreamer 's reality . 
 it 's fun , i can tell you young un but it 's only fun for a time . 
 it 's a dangerous affliction to be stuck with . '' 
 `` listen old man , i told you to beat it . 
 this has nothing to do with you , '' krognar was becoming increasingly defensive , qev feared that he might hit the old man . 
 `` when you chase someone but they do n't know it 's infatuation , but if they reciprocate then we call it love . 
 two sides of the same coin . 
 best just to put that coin away and follow your friend 's advice ... as dumb as he might look . '' 
 `` cerrun ! '' 
 melec shouted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 qev said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 krognar asked . 
 the old man transformed before them . 
 cerrun laughed . 
 `` meet our friend cerrun , '' qev said , he could see the funny side of it . 
 `` how the ... '' krog stood amazed . 
 `` he 's full of tricks . 
 handle with care , '' melec added . 
 `` so what are you doing hanging out with this loser ? '' 
 cerrun nodded towards melec . 
 `` i want to be part of the group , melec said he 'd introduce me to his crew . 
 y ' know he said he 'd bring me to meet you guys , he saw me jacking a magtrain and said i should come join , '' krog said . 
 `` mag jacking is a kids ' trick . 
 amusing but simple . '' 
 `` yeah man , i respect your skills . 
 you got ta show me how you did that old man trick . 
 i wish i could take my face off and put on a new one , that 'd be a cool trick , y ' know ? '' 
 `` that 's a lot of custom coding , and custom hardware . 
 not something you can learn in a day . '' 
 cerrun advised , his tone was flat . 
 `` you see this ? '' 
 `` yeah ... it 's a credit chip , '' krognar answered . 
 `` look again , '' cerrun twitched his fingers and produced two more credit chips . 
 `` whoa ... that was slick . '' 
 `` that was n't a coding trick either , i did n't alter anything , '' cerrun said . 
 he flicked his wrists and smoothly hid all three coins , `` sometimes you do n't need to do anything difficult to achieve the best results . 
 practise will get you where you need to be . '' 
 `` i will learn that trick , just give me time , '' krog said . 
 `` he 's smart , he 'll do it , '' qev said , `` we should let him raid with us . '' 
 `` melec said i could come , '' krog added , `` he said we 'd probably do something cool , like break into government computers and steal secret information . '' 
 `` melec poses a security risk with that tongue of his . 
 you 'd best not repeat everything he says . 
 our next mission will be a search , just like your previous missions , '' cerrun said in his usual flat tone , qevon could n't determine if he was joking . 
 melec was remarkably quiet throughout the exchange . 
 qevon 's eyes wandered , he had no desire to listen or interrupt . 
 his eyes drew upon electronic graffiti upon the tower wall , his hud zoomed into the location . 
 enlarge . 
 decrypt . 
 nothing , yet . 
 enlarge again , focus , reduce noise . 
 qevon was caught up adjusting the settings of his hud 's visor that his attention dropped from the conversation . 
 `` a search ? 
 but anyone can do a search , how is that a mission ? 
 it is a basic function on tgn , '' krog protested . 
 `` everyone can search but not everyone does . 
 experts are still able to find something that others can not , despite everyone looking at the same ... wall . '' 
 cerrun 's words snapped qevon 's consciousness back into the conversation . 
 qev smiled as if though nothing was amiss . 
 `` what will we search for ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 qevon broke the flow of discussion , `` sorry , what are we talking about ? 
 i was distracted by the graffiti . 
 gang tagged but ca n't clean up the image well enough to read . '' 
 `` we will search for meaning , '' cerrun said looking at qevon . 
 `` more words games from cerrun . 
 always hiding his meaning in semantics , '' melec said . 
 `` i do n't have meaning , which is why i 'm searching for it . 
 perhaps you can trade some ? '' 
 `` what if there 's none ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` what if there 's none ? 
 exactly , '' cerrun smiled , `` you were right qev , smart kid . 
 he has understood something that many have missed . 
 everyone can search but not everyone does . '' 
 `` not everyone needs to , '' melec said , `` look this is getting old fast , let 's go do something or i 'm splitting . '' 
 `` if we can not find meaning , then i ask , are we able to find something semantically similar ? '' 
 `` semantically similar ? '' 
 melec snorted , `` what does that even mean ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' krog said `` exactly , '' cerrun agreed , `` krog is learning fast . '' 
 qevon 's hud flashed with a new inbox alert . 
 `` let 's go hunt for meaning , i 'll get my gun , '' melec had turned his attention to watching the magtrain rumble along the elevated track . 
 silence fell upon the four , the noise drowned out all discussion . 
 `` just got a message from rik - '' qev broke off , he waited for all attention to return from the passing train . 
 a few people passed closer that qev wanted , he kept his voice low then said `` from gnir . '' 
 cerrun 's attention was piqued . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 krognar asked `` another friend , '' qev said . 
 `` another trouble maker , '' cerrun said . 
 `` he 's one of cerrun 's long time buddies , but trouble for sure , '' melec said . 
 `` he 's down by 23-18 , '' qevon said , he was still looking at the message discerning meaning from gnir 's convoluted speech , `` he wo n't give anything more specific , no plans , nothing . '' 
 qevon typed into the comp-pad at the end of his real fingertips . 
 he grabbed a stale bowl of nachos and washed them down with his beer . 
 the seat always gave him a sore when he sat in one position for too long , the reclining computer chairs were comfy but the blood was n't flowing as it normally would . 
 qev felt that sitting down so much would be the death of him . 
 `` that 's all he said ? '' 
 melec asked . 
 `` he did n't say much , just asked us to come to 23-18 . 
 i pinged back a message asking for his locale but he has n't replied . 
 `` and he wo n't , you 're bleeding heat , '' cerrun added , he sat adjacent to qev in the reclining chair while his tgn profile stood in opposition . 
 his beer had warmed from sitting too close to the computer . 
 he removed his visor and whacked qev on the arm , ` you think sel will fetch us another beer ? ' 
 `` what ? '' 
 qevon announced to the party . 
 `` what what ? '' 
 melec said . 
 `` nothing , cerrun just removed his visor , he wants another beer . 
 hold on . '' 
 qev said then removed his own visor , ` i 'll sort it . 
 gon na take a bathroom break . ' 
 `` ditto '' cerrun added . 
 the pair of them returned refreshed , qev placed two opened beers into the chairs ' cup holders . 
 ` i spoofed the pad 's reg in the tgn , ' he said to cerrun . 
 `` that 's not enough , gnir will backtrace your pad and he 'll see that the reg is spoofed , but it wo n't match your profile . 
 he knows that will throw up tracebot alerts . 
 at least , it will as far as he is concerned . 
 if he 's playing it that safe then the location he gave is n't real either . '' 
 `` you women took long enough , '' melec complained once he saw qev 's profile move again . 
 `` we 're trying to figure out gnir 's location , he sent another message asking us to come quick , '' qev said . 
 `` 23-18 ? '' 
 melec said then before cerrun could berate him he added `` but that 's a spoofed address . '' 
 `` spoofed address ? 
 what is this guy up to ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` too much , that 's the problem . 
 he could be doing anything now . '' 
 melec said . 
 `` gnir got melec arrested the last time they met , '' cerrun added . 
 `` spent 48 hours explaining to the cops why they had the wrong guy . 
 gnir 's an idiot if he thinks he can lift government files with a kids percolator , '' melec said . 
 `` a kid 's what ? '' 
 krognar asked . 
 `` a type of file catcher , '' qevon said , `` sorta . '' 
 `` just steam him some fog and find out where he is , '' melec said . 
 `` you really want to know ? '' 
 qevon asked , `` i thought this would be the last thing you would want to do . '' 
 qevon tapped at his comp-pad again , `` i 'm routing my message in a steam packet . '' 
 `` i think i know where he is , '' cerrun said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 melec asked . 
 `` 53 and something , just trying to pin him down . 
 he still appears in the tgn live search , except he 's cloned his location and tried to hide where he came from but ... well , after a few tricks i 've managed to find his location . '' 
 cerrun said . 
 `` ah , i just looked at the search results too . 
 he 's running a two-state location mask , that 's pretty cool but has to raise suspicion with the autos . '' 
 qev added . 
 `` definitely raises suspicion with the autos , '' melec added . 
 `` he could be baiting the government autos , '' cerrun said . 
 `` 23-18 is his beacon that search will take you to by default when you jump . '' 
 `` so this guy is pretty special ? 
 sounds like he can do alot . '' 
 krog said . 
 `` sure , '' melec laughed . 
 `` ok , he 's by 53-06 and ... i think 7 too . '' 
 qev said . 
 `` let 's go ? '' 
 krognar said . 
 `` wait ... krog , you need a callsign . '' 
 melec said , `` how about kid wonder ? '' 
 melec belly-ached at a joke only he understood . 
 `` kuriosity it is then , '' cerrun said then search-jumped into electronic oblivion . 
 he was gone . 
 qevon tapped at his comp-pad and entered the queue for his profile to be taken to 53-06 . 
 he tapped cerun 's shoulder who had been silent since making the jump , ` have you landed in 53 yet ? ' 
 `` yep , i 'm having look . 
 most of the buildings are empty . 
 nothing obvious , i 'll take scout around before you get here . '' 
 qevon 's profile landed , he could n't remember if he had been here before . 
 night had come to this sector , the darkness was barely marked by the pinpoints of light that dusted the skyline . 
 it was a semi-industrialized area that looked like any other . 
 a factory tower dominated the skyline here , in the near distance were residential towers for the probable workers . 
 qev figured he might have passed here as a kid whenever his dad carried him around while on duty . 
 the info-plaques listed a few companies designated as small manufacturers and machine servicers . 
 what was gnir up to ? 
 melec and krognar appeared moments after qev . 
 cerrun had already wandered off to look for something , he had n't said what . 
 qev noted the eerie quietness of the sector . 
 no pedestrians , no trains , no hover cars , no magtrucks . 
 the towers above the 30th buzzed with life yet the base was deadly silent . 
 `` either of you been here before ? '' 
 qevon asked . 
 `` nope , '' krog said . 
 `` there are a lot of places i have n't been to but this place is unusually quiet , even for an industrial centre , '' melec said . 
 krognar did n't appear focussed , qev did n't think the youngest member of the group was in touch with the situation . 
 last time melec met gnir he was arrested , cerrun 's words echoed in qev 's head . 
 this time might not be any different . 
 melec 's body had stiffened , the silence did n't feel right for qevon either . 
 all the light-hearted humour had to stop , this was no longer a game . 
 let 's not get arrested , qev said to himself . 
 his heart pounded faster . 
 he had been friends with gnir for a while but krog had never met him before . 
 this could be his first taste of trouble and he was n't even aware of it . 
 `` where is cerrun ? 
 and how did he get here so quickly ? 
 he 's around here , somewhere , right ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` forget about him , just stay alert , '' melec said . 
 `` the silence ... what ... how ... is n't there something wrong here ? '' 
 qevon asked . 
 the lightest of breezes spun its way around their feet and across the metallic walkway . 
 `` it 's just a pattern null , '' krog said . 
 `` what is ? 
 the silence ? '' 
 `` all neighbourhoods have quiet times , especially at night . 
 you ca n't predict when we people will come or go as schedules change plans go awry . 
 so this means that an area can be busier than expected for a given time of day , or quiet as the case seems to be , '' krog said . 
 `` smart kid , '' melec said , although qev believe it was a mock as he had been the first to observe it earlier . 
 `` is more likely that gnir had something to do with this . '' 
 `` over here , '' cerrun 's familiar voice was a welcome interruption , he waved them over , `` i think he 's in this tower . 
 i suggest we try this door . '' 
 `` do you know what he 's looking for ? '' 
 qev asked . 
 `` not yet , probably government files . '' 
 `` must be important to be so secretive , '' krog said . 
 as the team approached the door krog pointed to a road block sign that prevented traffic from passing close to the tower . 
 had it been gnir ? 
 qev looked ahead at the closed door , he wondered if it was locked . 
 surely cerrun can figure out how to break it . 
 as the four of them crept towards the tower they tried to dodge the natural light and cling to the shadows . 
 finally they reached the wall of the tower , the texture felt as real as it always did , his perspiration was real but he knew this reality was not wholly physical . 
 this felt wrong , they should n't be here . 
 cerrun played with the door-lock , he worked in silence and kept his hand motions shrouded . 
 qev could n't see what he was doing . 
 devices that kept everyone else out were merely a hindrance for cerrun . 
 the locking system bleeped and lit up with reds and greens before going silent . 
 cerrun pushed the door wide open and lead the group inside . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 krognar asked . 
 `` some place illegal , '' melec said , qevon hummed his agreeance . 
 the intermitant glow from the lights revealed that they had entered a long hallway of ill-repair . 
 `` krog , keep close . 
 anyone you see must be treated as a threat . 
 the government could be sending secbots already , gnir likely called us in his final moment of need . 
 do n't stray too far , they will trap you if you move alone . '' 
 qevon said . 
 krog merely nodded his reply . 
 `` they 'll flood your senses with confusion . 
 the first time is always the worst , '' melec laughed as he always did . 
 qev felt sorry for bringing him along , but it was the only way he 'd learn . 
 the kid 'll need resolve to make it through , everyone else had been through it . 
 once at the other end of the corridor cerrun worked his tricks with the locked door . 
 as before this one blinked acceptance and opened . 
 they crept forward but cerrun raised a hand to stop them advancing further . 
 a high pitched whine zipped beyond the door , the distinct sound of a hovering sec-bot . 
 qev applead to krog for hush , the younger male was about to ask a question . 
 once the buzzing noise of the rotors passed into silence cerrun lead them through the unlocked door into another corridor . 
 through a series of doors and tunnels cerrun lead them onwards and upwards into the belly of the darkened tower . 
 the power had probably been cut , the light was so dim here that qev suspected everything was running off emergency generators . 
 it could be a sign that gnir was here afterall . 
 cerrun stopped outside at an arbitrarily chosen door , he placed his palm against the wall , `` he 's here , he 's on the other side of this wall . '' 
 what 's he doing here ? 
 qev asked inwardly , he placed his hand against the wall and felt the warmth of the neighbouring room . 
 the rest of the building was so cold that it felt like a fire was burning beyond the door . 
 cerrun sliced the lock and nudged the door ajar . 
 `` gnir ? '' 
 cerrun called into the room . 
 `` copy , '' came the reply , `` i knew you 'd come . '' 
 `` i 've got three more with me , two of the usual faces and a new kid . '' 
 `` all clean ? '' 
 `` yep , all good . '' 
 `` get in , shut the door , '' gnir 's voice boomed from the depths of the room . 
 `` what are you doing with that ? '' 
 melec asked , `` that 's a big ass box of transistors . '' 
 `` it 's an old government computer , they seem to have forgotten about it . 
 i found it by accident and ... well ... i became curious . 
 there 's a lot of data here , i 'm sure there are some juicy facts they would n't want us to know ... but , y ' know , i ca n't analyze this alone . 
 that 's where you boys come in , you just got ta keep it secret , ok ? '' 
 gnir said . 
 somewhere in there , in the shadows of the room , he is frantically searching through the data . 
 `` so what can we do ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` you gon na keep it secret ? '' 
 gnir snapped , `` being here is a security risk but i ca n't do this alone . '' 
 `` we understand , just chill , '' melec barked . 
 `` cerrun , what do you think of this ? '' 
 qev asked . 
 cerrun began in a low voice , `` definitely government tech , an old design but probably valuable to them . 
 dunno how he found this but it has him excited and uptight . 
 i think he is n't telling us as much as he knows . 
 `` i can hear you , '' gnir called out , `` this is big alright , there 's enough data to keep us reading for millennia . '' 
 `` i can see why you 'd keep this quiet , '' qev said , `` generates a lot of heat too , the government sec bots must recognise the power signature too . '' 
 `` exactly , '' gnir said . 
 `` so what have you found ? '' 
 melec said , he wandered around the room looking for gnir . 
 the room would be large enough for more than a hundred people to dine but most of that space was taken up by the computer . 
 `` where 's cerrun ? '' 
 qev noticed that his friend had slid off into the shadows . 
 `` cerrun ? '' 
 gnir called out , `` no messing with the computer now , '' `` can we see what 's on here ? '' 
 krog asked , `` i 'm curious to know . '' 
 `` best to stand back kid , '' melec said . 
 `` cerrun ? '' 
 gnir shouted again , `` be careful , i ca n't risk losing this opportunity . '' 
 `` did n't you invite us here to help ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` i need cerrun , but i messaged qev ; the two are always together . 
 he ought to be able to help with this . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 qev said . 
 `` you can stay for the ride , your company is always welcome . 
 i just need him to break something for me . 
 cerrun ? 
 you hear that ? 
 i 've got a job for you . '' 
 `` he 's probably looking at your problem before you even ask him , '' qev said . 
 `` none of the above , '' cerrun shouted . 
 krog laughed and even melec cracked a smile . 
 `` gnir , maybe cerrun wo n't help you afterall , '' krog said . 
 `` this is getting old , fast , '' melec interrupted . 
 `` i 'm just going to have a look , '' krog said , he stepped closer to the computer and looked for an access point . 
 `` do n't touch it , you 'll ruin all my hard work , '' gnir said , he finally emerged from the shadows . 
 qev could see the irritation in gnir 's stance , he was on edge . 
 what did he imminently fear ? 
 `` but i 'm just going to take a look , '' krog protested . 
 qev decided that it was wise to let gnir have his way , this was his project and it was n't a bright idea to let a novice get involved , `` krog , best not to touch . '' 
 melec edged towards the door , `` i 'm leaving , this is boring . '' 
 `` you ca n't ! 
 you 'll draw too much attention . 
 just entering this sector you could have already triggered a heuristic anomaly in the sec codes . '' 
 gnir said . 
 `` so what 's this data then ? 
 why did you invite us and why ca n't we leave ? '' 
 melec shouted and edged closer to gnir . 
 the two looked directly into each other 's eyes but melec stood a head taller . 
 qev watched them stare at each other in silence . 
 the whirring computer sound filled the air . 
 qev decided to break the silence , `` he does n't know what he has , that 's the problem , but - '' `` true , yes , that 's a small problem , but i have assurances . 
 we can make it work , '' gnir said . 
 `` cerrun ? '' 
 qev shouted , `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` the first thing i do on any job , see who 's coming for us . 
 the power this thing draws will raise suspicion with the energy board , '' cerrun said , he was standing alone and pointed to the computer . 
 qev caught a glimpse of his movements , he was tapping into one of the terminals . 
 `` whatever , i 'm leaving , '' melec declared . 
 `` me too ! '' 
 krog said , `` this is a waste of time . '' 
 `` qev ? '' 
 melec looked at him . 
 `` i 'm in no rush , '' he lied but he did n't think that he could abandon gnir at this stage . 
 trouble did n't have to find gnir , he was always already there in the thick of it . 
 `` no one leaves until i can salvage as much as i can of the data , '' gnir shouted . 
 a heavy rotor sound filled the airways outside , it sounded like a sec copter . 
 qev hide his brief moment of panic . 
 there is always a way to escape he told himself , they 've been in this situation many times . 
 qev strolled to the window and peeked out the sec copter , `` we need to leave . '' 
 `` ca n't we just disconnect ? '' 
 krog asked . 
 `` it is n't as easy as that , we need to run and hide so that they ca n't trace us . '' 
 qev said . 
 `` cerrun ! '' 
 gnir shouted `` just take the top 1 % , i 've marked all the data . 
 just take what i 've marked , it 's ordered by importance . '' 
 `` you folks can figure it out yourselves , '' melec left the room and set off down the hallway . 
 the sound of his boots hitting the floor quickly disappeared under the sound of the copter . 
 krog followed soon after him . 
 `` cerrun ? '' 
 gnir shouted then looked at qev , `` what you feeling ? '' 
 `` i 'm watching crew assemble outside , '' qev said flatly . 
 `` almost done , '' cerrun shouted back . 
 one of the windows cracked from the force of a gas canister being launched into the room . 
 qev jumped back from the window as the room started to fill with smoke . 
 a light hail of shots cracked the remaining glass . 
 cerrun choked , `` let 's go , '' he pulled away from the computer and pointed towards the opposite wall . 
 `` there 's another exit over here . '' 
 `` but ... but ... we wo n't have enough data . '' 
 gnir complained . 
 `` it has to be , '' cerrun said as he closed the terminal . 
 gnir was intent to stay . 
 qev could n't say anything more , he and cerrun left by the other door . 
 there was nothing more they could do for gnir , and no way to persuade him to leave . 
 ### about the author edward a thomson has been writing on and off for the last fifteen years . 
 what started as an outlet for creativity while creating pen-and-paper based games , it soon turned into writing full-length works . 
 he graduated from the university of edinburgh in 2007 with a masters of physics -lrb- astrophysics honours -rrb- and then graduated from the university of glasgow in 2011 with a phd in astrophysics . 
 his blog covers many topics from maths and philosophy to electric cars . 
 read more at his blog : http://www.esoteriic.com/ or follow on twitter : http://www.twitter.com/eathomson 
