 sexbot patrick quinlan smashwords edition copyright © 2014 patrick quinlan all rights reserved www.patrickquinlan.com a strawberry book www.strawberrybooks.com strawberry books is a publishing house that thrills , delights and informs our readers with high-quality e-books , physical books and online content . 
 check out our website above and follow us on twitter : @thrillsdelights praise for patrick quinlan 's novels : `` a fast-paced thriller ... the story moves at warp speed , capped by a cinematic chase ... before ending in spectacular fashion . '' 
 -- los angeles times `` a sizzling crime caper paced at nascar-style velocity . 
 a turbo-charged tour de force . '' 
 -- port city life `` what makes -lsb- smoked -rsb- so wonderful is an author who can write great prose , great set-ups , great dialogue , and create characters that jump off the page . 
 ca n't recommend this enough for those of you who like your thrillers on the very dark side . '' 
 -- bookaholic '' -lsb- a -rsb- strong cross between elmore leonard and quentin tarantino doing elmore leonard . 
 the result is tightly plotted , confidently written and very hip . '' 
 -- the sunday observer -lrb- uk -rrb- `` quinlan 's prose is as smooth as his character 's dialogue and when the action hots up , its hard not to find yourself grinning with pure joy . 
 quinlan ... does it with an infectious enthusiasm and a confidence that makes smoked a pleasure to read . '' 
 -- crime scene scotland `` one hell of an exhilarating ride . 
 certainly one of the better thrillers i 've read this year . '' 
 -- shotsmag -lrb- uk -rrb- `` cue kidnappings , explosions , beatings , murders and car chases aplenty . 
 pacey , punchy and raw , this is one self-assured debut . '' 
 - - in the air -- inflight magazine of qantas airlines -lrb- australia -rrb- '' -lsb- a -rsb- thrilling ride that will keep you hanging on the edge of your seat . 
 it will make you curse the fact that you need sleep . '' 
 -- bullz-eye . 
 com `` the story combines vicious villainy with threadbare morality to produce a bang that movie producers and script-writers would be sorry to miss . 
 once you 've picked it up , it 's hard to put it down . '' 
 -- channel newsasia -lrb- singapore -rrb- `` this is the stuff -- violent , pacy , stylish and funny . '' 
 -- the daily mirror `` quinlan delights in wrong-footing the reader . 
 a fast-moving , hugely entertaining thriller . '' 
 -- the observer on sunday `` -lsb- a -rsb- leonardesque thriller . 
 for this top-notch noir entertainment , think coen brothers -lrb- blood simple -rrb- in print . '' 
 -- mystery scene magazine `` quinlan brings to glorious life several offbeat , deviant characters from roads less traveled . 
 -lsb- the falling man -rsb- hurtles along like an express train to its smashing climax . '' 
 -- publisher 's weekly the future does n't need us . 
 chapter 01 the two men , killers , stood silent outside the high outer walls of the mansion , lingering among the palm trees . 
 dressed in black , they looked like two wraiths , dark ghosts , hiding in the shadows . 
 on this night , they wore hooded coats to protect themselves against the pouring rain . 
 the raised hoods further obscured their faces . 
 they called themselves mr. blue and mr. green , but mr. blue 's real name was not blue . 
 he was broad and muscular , and he was known for his bad temper . 
 his body was scarred by countless battles . 
 he had murdered dozens of people . 
 his nose bent sideways as if punched by the hand of god . 
 mr. green 's real name was , in fact , green . 
 he was tall and slim , with very fast hands . 
 his face was unremarkable . 
 he had a receding hairline . 
 he looked like he could be an accountant , or a teacher . 
 you would n't remember seeing him . 
 he was logical and detail-oriented . 
 he was also cold blooded and relentless . 
 for both men , killing was a job and , on this night , that job took them to this sleek , white stucco , four-story house on the coast . 
 only the twenty-foot high stone walls and state-of-the-art security system stood in their way . 
 mr. green opened a metal control box at the base of the wall , and made quick work of the latter , disabling the home 's security cameras and electronic lock system , as mr. blue looked on . 
 the two men had worked together before . 
 mr. blue did n't much like mr. green 's personality , but he appreciated his professionalism and his knack for the finer points of technology . 
 it was a beautiful thing to witness . 
 mr. blue was less polished , but no less effective . 
 interrogation was his specialty . 
 compliance , restraint , and information extraction - that 's how they described it in industry jargon . 
 in regular english , it meant torture . 
 he was especially good with reluctant subjects . 
 those skills would n't be needed tonight . 
 this was a straight contract kill , made to look like a break-in gone wrong . 
 he watched as mr. green closed the control box and nodded . 
 the movement of mr. green 's head was barely perceptible . 
 `` you opened both doors ? '' 
 mr. blue said . 
 `` the wall and the house , '' mr. green said . 
 `` we 're as good as in . '' 
 mr. blue went to the reinforced steel door set into the wall . 
 he grabbed the giant decorative knob and pulled . 
 the door came open easily . 
 he smiled to himself and , just like that , he slipped inside the wall . 
 the two men walked across the grounds toward the house . 
 the shimmering pool was to their right . 
 it was a beautiful setting , with the gulf of mexico stretching to dark infinity beyond the seawall . 
 the rain fell hard and fast , and struck the ground in fury . 
 the pool water looked like it was boiling . 
 the house was to their left . 
 mr. blue gazed up at it as they approached . 
 from here , it was impossible to tell what shape it was . 
 maybe it was a triangle , maybe it was an arrow pointing to heaven . 
 some pointy-headed college boy with an auto-cad must have thought it made a statement . 
 certainly , it was contemporary . 
 it was abstract . 
 it was a piece of shit . 
 it was , he had to admit , a much nicer place than the one he lived in . 
 these computer scientists made a lot of money . 
 mr. blue knew he should keep his mind focused on the job at hand , but he allowed himself a moment to muse about the last scientist they 'd met . 
 he and mr. green had just visited him out on the west coast , at a cliff house near big sur . 
 a guy named martin wacker - what an arrogant prick ! 
 wacker had taken a little rest and relaxation trip out there . 
 and they had come to see him during his holiday . 
 they had tied wacker to a chair , forced him to drink bourbon at gun point , then sent him off the cliff in his mercedes convertible . 
 whoops ! 
 drunk driving accident . 
 people should drink more responsibly , especially on curvy mountain roads high above the ocean . 
 before he went , wacker had tried to buy them off . 
 it spoke volumes about the kid that he thought such a thing was even possible . 
 blue remembered sitting in the living room of that fantastic cliff house , a little drunk himself , watching the sun sink below the ocean . 
 he listened to this snot nose , bearded , four-eyed 32-year-old genius tell them about how much money he had , and how they could have it all , if only they let him live . 
 `` we already have money , '' he told wacker . 
 `` lots of it . '' 
 blue glanced at green . 
 green stared straight ahead , his eyes blank , waiting until blue gave him the word . 
 he was n't even listening . 
 hell , green did n't care about money . 
 he did n't care about anything but doing the job . 
 he had all the money he needed . 
 if he had any more , what would he even buy with it ? 
 `` in the drawer , '' wacker said . 
 his trimmed beard and his black framed gucci glasses made him look like some kind of fake backwoodsman in a fashion magazine . 
 with his head , wacker indicated a glass china cabinet with a couple of sliding wooden drawers . 
 `` on the right . 
 there 's about ten thousand dollars in there . 
 cash . 
 i brought it just to have some spending money . 
 you can have it . 
 consider it a down payment . '' 
 blue was wearing black leather gloves , as he always did . 
 he went over to the cabinet and pulled open the drawer . 
 a wad of cash sat there . 
 he did n't bother to count it . 
 he picked it up and put it in his pocket . 
 when he turned around again , he caught green frowning at him . 
 green shook his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` it 's a breach of protocol . '' 
 blue shook his head in turn . 
 everything was a breach of protocol these days . 
 everything was against the rules . 
 do n't touch anything . 
 do n't take anything . 
 do n't drink beer from the fridge . 
 do n't steal the artwork off the walls . 
 do n't blow up the safe . 
 where was the fun anymore ? 
 hell , wacker was n't going to need the money . 
 blue walked back over to the computer genius . 
 he took the bottle of bourbon off the small side table , poured another double shot , and held it to wacker 's lips . 
 behind his glasses , wacker 's eyes went wide . 
 `` drink , '' blue said . 
 wacker 's lips were trembling . 
 `` i do n't want anymore . '' 
 with his free hand , blue pulled his gun out of its holster . 
 he put the business end to wacker 's temple . 
 he would never shoot the man - this death was going to be an accident . 
 but how could wacker know that ? 
 he could n't . 
 `` drink , '' blue said again . 
 wacker drank . 
 before the end , before he passed out , before they bundled him into his pricey car and let him loose off the edge of the bluff and into the waiting arms of mother ocean below , wacker started talking . 
 he talked too much , in fact . 
 it was drunken gibberish , and blue hated listening to the ravings of dead people . 
 that , and wacker was crying . 
 blue could n't stand it when men cried . 
 it did n't make him feel sympathy . 
 all it did was piss him off . 
 blue came from that world where men did n't cry , and boys stopped crying when they were eight years old . 
 `` please , '' wacker said . 
 `` please do n't do this . 
 i know a secret ... '' blue was bored . 
 he wanted to wrap the night up . 
 still , he raised his eyebrows . 
 he liked secrets . 
 secrets often meant money . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i have the secret to everlasting life . 
 it 's why they want me dead . 
 i can give it to you . '' 
 `` martin , '' blue said , `` i have to be honest with you . 
 that does n't sound very promising . '' 
 `` no , it 's real . 
 if you had this secret ... listen , it 's incredible . 
 the brain ... it is n't what they think . 
 the human mind is elsewhere . '' 
 blue 's mind was elsewhere . 
 he held the glass to the man 's lips again . 
 `` drink , '' he said . 
 now , a week later , he and mr. green had reached the security door of the beach house in florida -- the house of scientist number two . 
 they paused by the door , and stood in the heavy downpour . 
 the rain pattered on their raincoats , and ran in rivulets down their faces . 
 `` any sign of trouble , we blow her away , '' mr. blue said . 
 `` alarms , panic rooms , anything like that , just boom . 
 we do n't want a protracted episode in there , and we do n't want any uninvited guests . 
 if there 's no trouble , then it 's just a break-in and we play it like that . 
 you check her identity and i 'll do the honors . 
 we got it ? '' 
 talking to mr. green was like talking to a cardboard box . 
 mr. green nodded . 
 `` got it . '' 
 mr. blue touched the door and pushed . 
 it opened easily . 
 they went in . 
 * * * inside the house , susan jones was afraid . 
 so afraid , she could barely move . 
 with martin dead , it was only a matter of time before they came for her . 
 oh , they said martin had died in a drunk driving accident , but she did n't believe it . 
 martin drank , and martin drove , but martin did n't drink and drive . 
 if martin was drunk and he needed to go somewhere , he called a taxi . 
 susan sat in her living room , listening to the heavy rain drum outside against the tall windows . 
 she sipped from a glass of red wine . 
 she could feel her heart beating through the wall of her chest . 
 her hand trembled as she lifted the glass to her mouth . 
 the dark color of the wine made her think of blood , and of death . 
 she wore slacks and a dress shirt , pulled untidily from the waist of her pants . 
 her shirt was open three buttons , and her long hair , usually pulled back in a tight bun , hung loose and unkempt . 
 her feet were bare . 
 when she came home , she had n't bothered to change out of her work clothes . 
 she had gone to see howard again today , and the guards had turned her away . 
 again . 
 they told her that howard had to fly out of town on business , but she could see it in their eyes . 
 howard does n't want to see you . 
 if howard would n't see his star engineer anymore , it could only mean one thing . 
 howard wanted her dead . 
 `` do something , '' she said , and the dry croak of her own voice startled her . 
 she glanced at the opulence of her surroundings . 
 she had loved this house once . 
 this living room was on the third floor . 
 the white wraparound sofa she sat on cost ten thousand dollars . 
 the five foot long abstract painting that hung behind it cost fifty thousand . 
 the baby grand piano was a priceless antique - a gift from the company , because they knew her first love was music . 
 the floors were polished oak . 
 the floor to ceiling windows , on a clear day , would give startling 270 degree views of the beachfront and the gulf of mexico . 
 tonight all the shades were drawn , and the place reminded her of a crypt . 
 she was still young , just 33 years old , and she was rich . 
 indeed , she was much wealthier than she ever imagined she 'd be . 
 even when she graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology a dozen years earlier , she had n't yet imagined the money she would soon amass . 
 but she 'd grown rich doing something she never expected , and now there was a price to pay . 
 a flat black video monitor extended on a thin , flexible mount from the table in front of her . 
 she pulled it closer for the tenth time tonight , and it came alive instantly . 
 she tapped a few buttons on the touch screen , navigating to the bank of security cameras mounted outside her home . 
 nine views popped up , laid out on a grid in front of her . 
 three of them showed various angles outside the walls of her home , all clear except for the rain , and the palm trees swaying in the heavy wind . 
 two screens showed views inside the grounds , including one of the in-ground pool , with its submerged blue light shining eerily up into the night . 
 four of the screens were blank . 
 just a few minutes ago , they had been on . 
 as she watched , one by one , the other five screens went blank in quick succession . 
 `` oh no , '' she said under her breath . 
 her heart beat faster than ever . 
 of course . 
 it was easy for them . 
 they could break the security with no problem at all . 
 the company had built this house , a reward for her groundbreaking designs , and for all her hard work . 
 suncoast cybernetics had increased its revenues by a factor of ten , all because of people like susan jones , martin wacker , and a few others . 
 all because the company was making robot sex dolls available to every wealthy man and woman , anywhere in the world , who wanted one . 
 each year , the robots became more lifelike , more intelligent , more amazing than the year before . 
 and the newest designs , playthings for the ultra-rich , were the most mind-blowing yet . 
 sexy ? 
 yes , sexier than any woman alive . 
 incredible bodies , built to the customer 's specifications . 
 athletic , smart , super-durable , human in every detail , save one . 
 they were more perfect than any human could ever be . 
 once upon a time , she had been proud of the sexbots . 
 but the success had left her jaded , and restless . 
 and truth be told , the sexbots made more than a little ashamed . 
 for a long time , she had n't even told her mom and dad what she did for a living . 
 she remembered their reaction when she finally did tell them . 
 hyper-realistic sex dolls ? 
 really ? 
 is this what they had put her through school for ? 
 is this how they had raised her ? 
 is this what she should be wasting her god-given talents on ? 
 it had caused a painful rift in their relationship that still had n't healed . 
 once upon a time , her parents had been her best friends . 
 now ? 
 she barely spoke to them . 
 worse , the company had taken the sexbot technology and developed a line of robots for military applications . 
 killers . 
 assassins . 
 all of them based on her work . 
 she was irate when she heard of it , but there was nothing she could do . 
 she had been paid for the technology , and the company held the patents . 
 last year , she and martin had struck out in a new direction , with the company 's blessings , and they had stumbled upon a secret neither of them could ever have imagined . 
 a possibility so gigantic that it would change the course of human history - a breakthrough that meant they would be remembered forever . 
 and one which left them isolated and terribly vulnerable . 
 the company owned her . 
 they watched her . 
 they could breach her security system if they wanted . 
 they could kill her if they wanted . 
 and in the days since martin had died , she had sat here frozen , helpless , becoming more and more convinced the company wanted exactly that . 
 the company would kill them both , and not because they had invented robot sluts . 
 it was the new project . 
 she and martin called it methuselah . 
 if that project came to fruition , and recent experiments with chimpanzees suggested that it already had , it would bring the company far more money than the sexbots ever could . 
 suncoast cybernetics was poised to become one of the richest and most powerful corporations in the world . 
 what was it worth if you could corner the market on immortality ? 
 * * * mr. blue pushed through the ground level security door . 
 behind the door , a flimsy card table stood . 
 its thin legs were not quite fully extended , and so were not locked in the open position . 
 the slightest touch could topple the table . 
 on top of the table was a thin glass champagne flute , very fragile . 
 three days before , susan had bought the cheap card table at a discount store . 
 the champagne glass was one of a very expensive set she 'd had for years . 
 she had taken to putting the table and the glass against the door when she came home at night . 
 when blue pushed the door , it opened and bumped into the table . 
 the table legs folded and the table collapsed to the floor . 
 when the champagne glass hit the ground , it exploded like a very tiny , very lovely little bomb . 
 for a moment , blue and green stood looking down at all the sparkly shattered glass , and at the folded card table . 
 blue glanced around . 
 in front of them was a flight of stairs leading up to the living quarters . 
 blue looked at the ceiling . 
 it was textured stucco . 
 he fancied he could hear the pitter-pat of running feet somewhere above his head . 
 `` shit , '' he said , and burst for the staircase . 
 * * * two stories above , susan heard the table fall and the glass break . 
 she jumped from the sofa , spilling her wine across the bright white pillows . 
 the red wine made a stain like a gunshot wound . 
 she had no time to worry about it . 
 she only had one chance , and a slim one . 
 she raced across the room to the spiral stairs . 
 the top floor of this place housed her private lab . 
 she was a workaholic , no time for relationships , and she often worked late into the evenings after she came home . 
 constant work was the key to her success , it was the key to life everlasting , it was the key to everything . 
 below her , footsteps pounded up the stairs . 
 she grabbed the railing of the thin metal staircase . 
 she pulled herself up the spiral , gasping as she did . 
 she was not fast . 
 she was carrying twenty extra pounds she had been meaning to lose . 
 she reached the top of the stairs . 
 she heard little sounds , little frightened mouse-like sounds . 
 they were coming from her own mouth . 
 in a sudden flash of insight , she realized that the thing to do when martin died was to buy a gun . 
 buy a gun and leave the country . 
 but it was too late for that now . 
 it was too late to do anything . 
 down the hall was her lab . 
 she floated there on legs that felt detached from her body . 
 her head felt like a balloon on a long tether . 
 her feet looked far away . 
 she reached the door . 
 there was an electronic keypad lock . 
 she started to punch in her combination , but her hand shook too much . 
 she pressed the cancel button and started again . 
 then she noticed that the lights of the keypad were n't even on . 
 she stared at the blank keypad for several seconds . 
 it took that long for the meaning of it to reach her fevered mind . 
 the security cameras were n't the only system they had breached . 
 the electronic locks were down , too . 
 shit . 
 they were shutting everything down . 
 she touched the door . 
 it opened without a sound . 
 she pushed through it , hoping that the overhead lights did n't go off next . 
 she was scared , more scared than she had ever been . 
 but if the lights went off , she would be terrified , maybe too terrified to move , or even think . 
 the electricity was her only hope of survival . 
 if they shut the electricity off , she would no longer be able to do the one thing that might save her . 
 it was a long shot anyway . 
 and she needed power to do it . 
 the company was all-powerful . 
 she knew now what martin had already discovered . 
 when the company wanted you alive , you were alive . 
 when the company wanted you dead , you were dead . 
 you belonged to them . 
 the company gave you everything , and it could take away everything , including life itself . 
 but maybe not this time . 
 in the darkness of the room , a bank of lights illuminated the far wall . 
 there was n't much time , so she turned on the overheads . 
 hell , if there were killers in the house , they would find her soon enough . 
 no reason to hide or pretend she was n't in here . 
 she moved quickly . 
 she barely spared a glance for the female robot - a sexbot - that stood in a long plexiglass tube about five feet away . 
 she merely verified that its power was on and its data drive was plugged in to the bank of servers . 
 quickly , susan tore off her own shirt and slacks , disrobing down to her bra and panties . 
 she dropped the clothes on the floor . 
 she went to a monitor , punched through several interactive screens , inputting instructions she had gone through dozens of times before . 
 then she snatched a black remote control device from the desk . 
 she entered a large plastic-domed chamber , different from the one the sexbot was in . 
 this was the transfer tube . 
 there was a white leather chair inside the tube . 
 she took a deep breath and sat down in it . 
 the chair had straps for arms and legs , but she did n't bother with them . 
 the subjects of this procedure were usually chimpanzees , and they did n't often sit in this chair willingly . 
 susan had done this many times with great apes , but never before with the greatest ape of all , a human . 
 it was a sort of poetic justice that she would be the first human trial . 
 with some luck , it might just work . 
 god , she hoped so . 
 either way , susan jones the computer scientist would probably be gone in a few moments . 
 number nine , a prototype of the newest and most advanced suncoast sexbot , stood waiting to receive her . 
 artificially intelligent , beautiful , sexy , the robot might well come to life , a life different from the one anyone on earth had known before . 
 her shaking hands were almost out of control now . 
 she pressed a button on the remote , and a large metal dome retracted from the ceiling of the transfer tube . 
 it hung suspended several inches above her head . 
 the dome was nothing but a giant wireless data port . 
 when she gave it the command , the dome would begin to download the data from the information field around susan 's body . 
 despite the vast amount of information , the download should only take several seconds . 
 that was the breakthrough . 
 she and martin had discovered that the brain did not house the personality , humanity itself , the soul , whatever you wanted to call these things . 
 oh , the brain held a lot of information , but it was n't the person . 
 the person - the mind - was in a quantum information field outside of the body . 
 in a nutshell , there was a field of tiny invisible particles that touched everywhere in the universe . 
 all things were part of it , all things were interconnected . 
 this was the quantum field . 
 human awareness was limitless - it was part of the field as well . 
 now , more than 95 % of a person 's awareness was within a few feet of their body . 
 the last 5 % was everywhere else . 
 this was where psychic abilities came from . 
 this was where invention and creativity came from . 
 `` the air is full of ideas , '' the inventor henry ford once said , and he never knew how right he was . 
 you could n't copy this last 5 % - it was too wide ranging . 
 but you could crop it out , just like you would crop out the edges of a photograph , and then make a copy of the 95 % . 
 this was the vast majority of the information that made up the person . 
 and it really was information . 
 if you had enough capacity , you could download and store it in a computer . 
 number nine the sex toy was a robot with some of the most advanced data storage capacity ever developed . 
 susan laughed , a hollow sound . 
 she and martin had n't actually figured this quantum stuff out . 
 it was an accident . 
 they had guessed at it over a few drinks one night , in a replay of the old college `` what-if '' bullshit sessions . 
 it was advanced physics , and they just nibbled around the edges of it . 
 susan barely understood it , but she did n't have to . 
 just like a person did n't need to understand electricity to flick on the light switch , susan could make use of the concepts without really grasping them . 
 when they toyed around with it in the lab , it turned out that it worked . 
 now martin was dead and she ... she waited . 
 the device was ready to go , but she did n't want to activate it yet . 
 she did n't want to be wrong . 
 if there was some mistake , if there was no one in the house , or if it was n't what she thought , she would n't press the button . 
 she remembered the first time they were successful transferring a chimpanzee 's awareness to a sexbot . 
 the chimp was named momo , and momo was very skilled at american sign language . 
 soon after the transfer , the sexbot was in a cage . 
 susan stood and watched her . 
 after what seemed like a long time , but was really only a few minutes , the sexbot with momo inside began to make a sign . 
 she started with her hands by her sides . 
 then , in a sudden movement , she brought her hands up in front of her body , palms facing inward and fingers spread . 
 she did it over and over again . 
 it was the sign for `` afraid . '' 
 that 's how susan felt now . 
 worse than afraid . 
 terrified . 
 but she did have one big advantage over momo . 
 if she survived the transfer , at least she would understand what had happened to her . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 she watched the doorway . 
 in a moment , a large man appeared there . 
 he wore a black raincoat on his broad shoulders . 
 black gloves . 
 big black boots . 
 his face was scarred and lined . 
 his goatee was black and gray . 
 he stepped into the room . 
 another man appeared . 
 he was tall and slim . 
 he also wore black . 
 his face was oddly blank and expressionless . 
 susan had a fleeting thought about her parents . 
 she saw a picture of them in her mind , standing together and smiling . 
 she loved them so much , she was so grateful to them , that for a split second , all the time she had for mourning , her heart broke . 
 she should have called them . 
 she should have fixed it . 
 it was too late now . 
 if she lived , she would make amends . 
 she fingered a big plastic button on the remote . 
 it was a green button . 
 it had one word on it : launch . 
 she pressed it . 
 within a second , she felt a thrum of power flooding the area under the dome . 
 it poured over her at first , then seemed to penetrate her . 
 she felt another feeling as well , one that was hard to describe because it was so new . 
 it was a feeling of rising . 
 if she had to describe it , she would say it felt like being sucked up through a straw . 
 * * * mr. blue entered the room and was surprised to see the subject sitting in a leather captain 's chair inside a large , clear plastic bubble . 
 her body jerked as though she were a condemned inmate sitting in the electric chair . 
 blue walked to the tube , but hesitated a moment . 
 the women 's hair stood on end . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 the skin on her face and body rippled . 
 blue did n't want to open the door to the capsule while whatever was going on in there was still going on . 
 `` shut it off ! '' 
 he said to mr. green . 
 `` easier said than done , '' mr. green said , who had rushed to a bank of monitors and was already poring over the controls . 
 `` what the ... '' blue said . 
 whatever she was doing , he did n't like it . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i 'm working on it , '' green said . 
 blue tried the metal latch on the plastic capsule . 
 it was unlocked . 
 he pulled open the door . 
 he took a deep breath , then plunged in and grabbed the woman out of the chair . 
 he swept her up into his arms . 
 she hung limp . 
 they were in there , in the capsule , pod , whatever it was , together . 
 like man and wife . 
 king kong and faye wray . 
 for an instant , he felt a strange sensation in his head , a pressure , a tugging , he was n't sure what . 
 the woman was motionless , but her body vibrated . 
 he could n't explain it . 
 her body vibrated like a mechanical device , a washing machine , say , that was on . 
 he backed out the way he had come in . 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 mr. green said . 
 blue shook the semi-nude body . 
 the woman groaned , a sound deep in her throat . 
 `` no . 
 not yet anyway . '' 
 he laid her on the wooden floor of the room . 
 she was a decent looking woman , a little chubby , not beautiful , not stunning , but with long brown hair and a pretty face . 
 for some reason , she had removed her clothes and tried to ... what ? 
 electrocute herself , he guessed . 
 he shrugged . 
 she must have noticed the security breach , and thought they were coming for company secrets . 
 people had been tortured and even raped for secure data in the past . 
 she knew that and wanted to spare herself the pain . 
 it was the only explanation that seemed to make sense right now . 
 `` can you verify that this is the subject ? '' 
 he said to mr. green . 
 mr. green took out a black handheld electronic device . 
 it looked a little like a telephone , but it was n't . 
 he kneeled down , and with his glove still on , pried open the woman 's right eye with his fingers . 
 the eye was blank and staring . 
 green held the lens of the device over the eye and a red light flashed . 
 the device took an iris scan . 
 he looked at the readout . 
 `` susan margaret jones , single white female , age 33 . 
 yes , that 's her . '' 
 `` well , let 's finish up , in that case . '' 
 her socks were already off . 
 she was compliant and quiet . 
 there was no sense doing anything violent . 
 clean was better . 
 he pulled a syringe from a side pocket of his black workpants , removed the wrapper , and pulled the plastic tubing , exposing the needle . 
 the syringe was full of potassium chloride , which would cause a severe heart arrhythmia , followed by cardiac arrest . 
 it should take just a couple of minutes . 
 he spread her fourth toe and pinky toe on her left foot , plunged the needle in and depressed the stopper all the way . 
 the two men stood and watched as within a moment , the young woman began to shudder . 
 a moment later , she began breathing fast , and then gasping . 
 and a moment after that , she subsided . 
 she did n't wake up at any point . 
 `` check her , '' blue said . 
 he stood and watched as mr. green took his glove off , put two fingers to the woman 's neck , and checked her pulse . 
 mr. green was a medical wonder . 
 green glanced up and shook his head . 
 `` she 's gone . '' 
 mr. blue enjoyed this level of precision . 
 things were funky there for a minute , but now the job was going without a hitch . 
 he pulled a phone from his pocket and pressed the button for a pre-programmed number . 
 on the other end , the phone did n't ring . 
 there was simply a pause , and then a long beep . 
 no message . 
 no identifying information at all . 
 mr. blue said two words into the phone . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 then he hung up . 
 * * * chapter 02 his name was howard neale . 
 he was fantastically wealthy . 
 and with wealth came its privileges . 
 he lay nude on a custom made double-king-sized bed , three young women sharing the bed with him . 
 the women were gorgeous , two blondes and a black girl , their bodies captured at exactly the perfect moment . 
 they were the state of the art in synthetic human engineering . 
 the black girl pressed against him , kissing him deeply . 
 he cupped the round curve of her apple-shaped bottom , as down below , the twin blondes took turns sucking and licking him . 
 fifty-three years old , and he had never been harder in his life . 
 he loved his girls . 
 he loved his life . 
 he loved his money . 
 his tongue drove deep into the black girl 's wet mouth . 
 below , he felt the hot wetness of the two blondes . 
 his brain , in the midst of all the sensations , did the math . 
 this was more than half a million dollars worth of flesh here in his bed , all for him , all working on him . 
 it was magic . 
 it was paradise . 
 behind him , a telephone made a single beep . 
 without stopping what he was doing , he reached for the table that was near his head . 
 that phone was programmed to beep once and only once , and only if a call was made into a certain voicemail drop . 
 just for a second , he paused in his make out session with the lovely nubian princess . 
 below him , the action did n't pause at all . 
 in fact , he was becoming more and more heightened . 
 soon he would explode . 
 he could n't hold it off much longer . 
 he pressed a button on the phone . 
 he waited while the phone automatically accessed the voicemail . 
 after a pause , a deep voice came over the speaker . 
 `` it 's done , '' the voice said . 
 howard hung up and put the phone back where he found it . 
 the black girl looked at him expectantly . 
 her eyes were green and she had very curly brown hair . 
 she was beautiful , more beautiful , more perfect than any real woman who had ever lived . 
 he rested his hands on the heads of the two blondes . 
 he pushed their faces closer together , indicating what he wanted from them . 
 they sighed and moaned together . 
 any minute now . 
 any minute now . 
 it was wonderful to be him . 
 yes , it was . 
 everything was going according to plan . 
 yes . 
 it . 
 was . 
 everything was perfect . 
 oh , yes . 
 and here came the climax of his evening . 
 he felt the pressure building inside him . 
 any second now . 
 yes . 
 the girls licked and kissed . 
 yes . 
 his back arched . 
 his body tensed . 
 oh . 
 yes . 
 * * * time did not make sense . 
 everything was white light , and she did n't know how long she was there . 
 it could have been a few seconds , or a million years . 
 it did not seem like there was anything before or after . 
 everything - the earth , outer space , everything that had ever lived and passed on - was now . 
 she blinked , and her eyes opened fully . 
 she stood and watched as the body on the floor twitched and finally died . 
 then she watched as one man kneeled down and checked the body for vital signs , and the other man made a phone call . 
 the man stayed on the phone very briefly . 
 the two men stared down at the body for a minute or two , then picked it up and carried it away . 
 one man carried the legs . 
 the other man slid his arms under the body 's armpits , and locked his hands across its chest . 
 then they went through the door and disappeared . 
 how strange . 
 only moments ago , she had inhabited that body . 
 now , she felt no attachment to it . 
 it could have been a dead dog in the road . 
 the men were gone for several minutes , but she did n't move . 
 she simply stood where she was , still in the receiving tube . 
 she was susan , she felt that she was , but it was n't the same as before . 
 she was also someone else . 
 she did have susan 's thoughts and memories , though . 
 she ran a few of them just to make sure . 
 images arose . 
 susan 's parents . 
 check . 
 she saw them laughing and lounging around in bathing suits on the dock at the cabin on lake george . 
 the two of them were young , and they appeared in faded color , as though they were in an old 8-millimeter film . 
 she saw herself , eight-years-old and in pigtails , run to the end of the dock and leap into the lake . 
 she stopped the frame two feet above the water , bright sunshine , white puffy clouds against a pale blue sky . 
 susan 's job at suncoast . 
 check . 
 she saw her corner office overlooking the marina , with its wide sweep of sky and water . 
 she saw susan in a white lab coat and protective glasses . 
 she saw the company cafeteria , with its daily selection of fresh breads , fresh fruit and gourmet lunch selections . 
 susan 's friend and colleague martin . 
 hmmm . 
 she had the name , but there did n't seem to be any data associated with it right now . 
 she could n't bring up an image of him . 
 he was like an empty yellow folder with the name `` martin '' on it . 
 she glanced around at the lab . 
 there was a bank of servers along one wall . 
 there was a desk with a monitor and keyboard . 
 there was the clear plexiglass dome with the leather chair inside - the data port , she used to call it . 
 everything in the room was chrome and white , sparse , elegant and modern . 
 that was susan 's aesthetic . 
 this was susan 's lab , in susan 's house . 
 my house . 
 yes , she was susan . 
 she had access to susan 's information . 
 but really she was number nine . 
 she felt that , too . 
 that feeling was clearer , more immediate . 
 she belonged to susan , though susan had never really talked to her , and had never played with her . 
 all susan ever did was leave her standing in this tube , attached to another data port , and run systems checks on her every once in a while . 
 she felt , in a sense , that susan had treated her badly . 
 how could she be susan and nine at the same time ? 
 she did n't know . 
 she had thought susan 's data might overwrite her programming , overwrite nine , but it had n't happened that way . 
 susan and nine were both here . 
 that was far out ! 
 she wished she could describe these sensations to martin ... but martin was dead . 
 gone . 
 deleted . 
 susan was dead too , she supposed , but she was still susan . 
 and she was nine . 
 it was good to be nine . 
 nine was sexy . 
 she glanced down at her own , voluptuous body . 
 she wore a skin tight mini-dress with silvery sequins . 
 it felt clingy and the feel of the fabric itself against her skin was almost enough to arouse her . 
 that was her job - to arouse and be aroused . 
 it was a good job . 
 this body felt energetic . 
 it felt healthy . 
 it felt powerful . 
 she had the urge to use this body , the way it had been intended . 
 but she had to pay attention to what was happening . 
 the men were back now , and they were wiping down all the surfaces in the room . 
 the body , susan 's body , was gone . 
 nine stood inside the tube and watched them . 
 the tube muffled sound , and she could n't hear what they were saying . 
 soon , they stopped cleaning . 
 she realized they were staring at her . 
 * * * mr. blue stared at the woman standing inside the plastic tube . 
 her eyes were open and she was awake . 
 the woman was clearly a sexbot , and probably a newer model . 
 these things had advanced minds . 
 if she saw what had happened here , then that was a problem , a problem that could come back to bite them . 
 their subject had been doing something with the computer system when they walked in , that much was becoming clear . 
 now the doll was awake and watching them . 
 blue did n't like it one bit . 
 `` mr. green ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are you seeing what i 'm seeing ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` the sex doll is awake . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you think it saw anything ? '' 
 `` i think we have to assume that it did . '' 
 `` are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 `` i think i am . '' 
 blue 's wheels began to spin . 
 they would have to bring the doll with them . 
 later , in a safe place , they would have to wipe the memory , destroy the central processing unit , and discard the robot itself . 
 the safest thing to do would be to discard it in several pieces , in several places . 
 in the meantime ... he stared at the doll . 
 her face was beautiful , with big blue eyes . 
 the body was like a cartoon version of a sexy woman . 
 high breasts , wide hips , long shapely legs . 
 she wore a sequined mini-dress that barely reached her thighs . 
 the machine was perfect , but more than perfect . 
 what 's more , these things were programmed to please . 
 anything you wanted . 
 `` a team will need to come in here and erase all the systems in this house , especially here in this room , '' mr. green said . 
 `` yeah , '' blue said , `` i know . '' 
 but he was n't really listening . 
 `` they 'll have to find and check any cloud storage associated with the ip addresses in this home , '' green went on . 
 `` see what was uploaded , and when . '' 
 `` any uploads or storage should be on a company account , '' blue said absently . 
 `` easy enough to find . '' 
 the woman 's breasts pressed against the fabric of her dress . 
 they seemed to defy the force of gravity . 
 her legs were strong . 
 they seemed a third longer than the legs of a normal woman . 
 blue was curious about this model . 
 he wanted to turn her around and get a good look at the back end . 
 `` yes , but you never know , '' mr. green said . 
 `` sometimes people go outside the company networks when they should n't . 
 in the case of someone being terminated , that 's even more likely . '' 
 `` right , '' blue said . 
 he continued to stare at the girl . 
 she blinked at him . 
 such big , pretty eyes . 
 robots were n't really blue 's thing . 
 he had looked into buying a sexbot once before , but that was nearly ten years ago . 
 he had decided against it . 
 hell , they could barely even speak back then . 
 he suspected the newer models had improved quite a bit . 
 he glanced at his surroundings . 
 this was the house of a scientist , one of the people who engineered these things . 
 the newest sexbots cost in the neighborhood of $ 200,000 a piece . 
 blue had a hunch that this one would be even better than the best that was currently available on the market . 
 much , much better . 
 blue approached the clear plastic tube . 
 my , my , my . 
 he was smitten . 
 he pressed the green button next to the tube , and the tube slowly rose to the ceiling . 
 the robot stood in front of him in all her glory . 
 it made him a little randy just looking at her . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` my name is nine . '' 
 her voice was a perfect simulation of a human voice . 
 it was a deep , sexy , human voice , like a female radio disc jockey . 
 `` number nine . 
 how may i serve you ? '' 
 that was interesting . 
 the scientist had n't even given her a name . 
 she had just stayed with the factory number . 
 nine . 
 that was quite a low number . 
 `` do they call you nine because you were the ninth model made ? '' 
 `` they call me nine because i 'm the ninth generation . '' 
 blue frowned . 
 `` is that the generation currently being marketed ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's the generation after that . '' 
 blue smiled , too . 
 this night was getting more and more interesting . 
 he glanced at green . 
 green seemed unconcerned . 
 `` you 're the latest and greatest . 
 one of a kind , even . 
 is n't that nice ? '' 
 blue gestured around the room . 
 `` well , number nine , tell me something . 
 did you see anything happen here tonight ? 
 notice anything ? '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` anything at all . '' 
 `` i did n't notice anything . '' 
 if one robot in a million could lie , she would be the liar . 
 `` do they ever program these things for dishonesty ? '' 
 he said over his shoulder to green . 
 `` they always do , '' green said . 
 `` sexbots are pathological liars . 
 oh master , you 're the biggest , you 're the best , you 're the sexiest , you 're the smartest . 
 that 's part of why the product is so successful . 
 all they do is lie . '' 
 `` we 'd better take her with us in that case , '' blue said . 
 `` figure out what she knows . '' 
 `` yes , '' green said . 
 `` we 'd better take her . '' 
 blue watched as green took a packet from his cargo pants . 
 he ripped open the package , and pulled out what looked like another syringe . 
 he approached the sexbot . 
 `` raise your right arm , please , '' green said . 
 the sexbot did as she was asked . 
 her dress was held in place by spaghetti straps . 
 there was a lot of skin exposed under her arm . 
 green placed the syringe against her skin and depressed the stopper all the way . 
 number nine winced slightly , but otherwise gave no sign that she even felt it go in . 
 a small metal disc rested against her skin where the shot had gone in . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 blue said . 
 green shrugged . 
 `` it 's a bomb . 
 a new one . 
 company issue . 
 it 's just a little incendiary , attached to her hard drive with a powerful magnet . 
 once it 's set , it 'll blow 24 hours later . 
 not much of an explosion . 
 enough to destroy the drive and any information stored on there . 
 maybe punch a hole in her shell . 
 it 's a precaution in case we somehow happen to lose her . '' 
 `` i 've never seen one , '' blue said . 
 `` how do you set it ? '' 
 green held up a square numeric keypad , about one inch high by one inch wide . 
 it had a tiny screen , keys numbered 0 through 9 , and a small red button . 
 he attached it to the disc that stuck out from the sexbot 's skin . 
 the keypad clicked into place . 
 the digital readout activated . 
 23:59:59 . 
 green pressed the red button . 
 the device beeped once , and instantly began counting down . 
 blue checked his watch . 
 it was 10:09 pm . 
 * * * nine sat in the rear seat of a cargo van . 
 the van rolled slowly down a darkened back road in the pouring rain . 
 the windshield wipers were on high , zipping back and forth , thump-thump , thump-thump , pushing rivers of water off to the sides . 
 thick trees and bushes pressed in on the road on every side . 
 there is a bomb inside me . 
 it was n't a pleasant thought . 
 her mind tried to make sense of the problem , and find a solution to it . 
 nothing obvious jumped out . 
 she knew very little about the bomb and how to disarm it . 
 she could feel the keypad there under her arm . 
 she had tried to glance at it , get a sense of it , but the angle was wrong . 
 she could see the side of the pad itself , but not the numbers or the readout . 
 what seemed clear was that if the bomb blew up and destroyed the hard drive , all of her , nine and susan alike , would be destroyed with it . 
 as the van rolled along , what nine kept coming back to was the callousness of the man called mr. green . 
 he had planted a bomb inside of her , and had done it in such a matter-of-fact , businesslike way . 
 then again , he was a stone killer who had murdered susan without stopping for an extra breath . 
 behind number nine , in the open cargo space of the van , was a large metal toolbox , the kind construction workers brought to job sites . 
 nine had a hunch what was stuffed inside that box . 
 it was a body . 
 susan 's body . 
 her own , flesh and blood body . 
 dead . 
 one of her killers sat next to her on the long seat . 
 he was the one who called himself mr. blue . 
 he was big and broad , and his face was lined with scars . 
 he wore a grizzled goatee , which was speckled with white hair . 
 his eyes had squint lines around them . 
 he looked like a hard man . 
 up front , mr. green was driving . 
 he faced forward , and she could n't see many details of his features . 
 she realized she might have trouble describing him to the police , if that chance ever came . 
 the police ? 
 who was she kidding ? 
 she was a robot , a piece of machinery . 
 people , men mostly , would use her for their sexual pleasure . 
 what cop would believe her if she described a murder , especially her own murder ? 
 nine wondered if the testimony of sexbots was admissible as evidence in court . 
 she doubted it . 
 anyway , it would never get to court . 
 if she ever made it to the police , they would just hand her right back over to the company . 
 she was company property , after all . 
 `` any chance there 's a glitch somewhere and this thing blows up prematurely ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` like while i 'm sitting here ? '' 
 mr. green shook his head slowly . 
 `` i 'd say just about zero chance . '' 
 blue smiled . 
 `` that 's good news . '' 
 he turned to nine . 
 `` number nine , i want you to do something for me , '' he said . 
 his voice was a deep growl . 
 there was something pleasant about it . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 nine heard herself say . 
 `` please tell me . '' 
 `` i want you to come a little closer . '' 
 nine did as she was told . 
 the part of her that was susan wanted to rebel , wanted to run away , to jump out the window . 
 do n't go near him , she thought . 
 he 's dangerous . 
 he 's a murderer ! 
 but nine was programmed to serve , and nine 's programming remained intact despite susan 's presence . 
 indeed , nine 's programming seemed to override susan 's desires . 
 susan was inside nine , but she did n't have much power . 
 in a way that was only beginning to make sense , she was nine more than she was susan . 
 nine and mr. blue sat very close together . 
 blue ran a big , rough hand along nine 's leg . 
 the feel of his callused palm sent a thrill through nine 's body . 
 she was designed to feel desire easily , even instantly . 
 nine felt a heat rising from the center of her body . 
 `` i have something , '' mr. blue said , `` that i want you to help me with . '' 
 nine licked her lips . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 nine knew what had been missing in her time at susan 's house . 
 susan never played with her . 
 it had left her with a feeling of emptiness , and of loneliness . 
 she was programmed to play . 
 she was programmed to serve . 
 she wanted to do it . 
 she loved to do it . 
 if she could n't serve , then what was she for ? 
 she put her hand on his strong upper thigh . 
 she pulled at the fabric of his cargo pants . 
 the heat inside her body was rising like a fire . 
 her face felt flushed . 
 this man had murdered her , but still she wanted him . 
 the part that was susan was shocked to think these things . 
 but of course she was responsible for it . 
 it had been her idea , after all , to make the sexbots want and enjoy sex . 
 somewhere along the line , while she was thinking about other things , the programmers had perfected the code . 
 she and blue moved even closer . 
 through the thin fabric of her mini-dress , her breasts brushed his overcoat . 
 their faces were an inch apart . 
 she opened her lips to receive his hungry mouth . 
 `` mr. blue , '' the man at the steering wheel said . 
 his voice was sharp and irritated . 
 he was watching in the rearview mirror . 
 `` we 're on a job at this moment . 
 we need to stay alert . 
 what you 're doing is a serious breach of protocol . '' 
 `` file it in your report with all the other things i do wrong , '' blue said . 
 `` in any event , there 's no time for what you 're planning , '' green said . 
 `` we 'll be at the docks in one minute . '' 
 mr. blue leaned in closer to nine . 
 he kissed her , probing her mouth with his tongue . 
 she stroked his leg . 
 he pulled away and let out a long exhale . 
 `` hold that thought , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got to go to work for a few minutes . '' 
 * * * she was magic . 
 blue pulled away from her , but it was n't easy . 
 a man of 45 years , he was a long way from inexperienced , but she made him feel like a kid again . 
 his body yearned for her . 
 it raged for her , in fact . 
 this was a quality product . 
 jesus . 
 he 'd known howard a long time , had worked for him at three different companies , and howard had never given him one of these sexbots . 
 blue could n't understand it . 
 you 'd think , considering everything blue had done for him over the years , that howard would be a little more thoughtful . 
 mr. green guided the van into a dirt parking lot . 
 the lot was dark - pitch black . 
 there were no overhead lights at all . 
 up ahead in the gloom was a wooden dock with a fishing boat tied up . 
 no running lights were on . 
 blue knew that the boat sat on a creek that emptied out to the gulf of mexico . 
 the lady scientist would sleep with the fishes tonight . 
 green let the van roll to a stop . 
 there were no cars around . 
 the whole place looked deserted . 
 the rain let up just a touch , affording a slightly better view . 
 there were dark puddles all over the parking lot . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 green said . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 blue pulled two black ski masks from a cardboard box on the floor . 
 he handed one up front to green . 
 they pulled them over their heads in unison . 
 the way this worked was no one ever knew who anyone else was . 
 blue did n't even like doing these kinds of hand-offs , but he had to admit in this case it was better than heading five miles out to sea in the rain . 
 he and green climbed out of the van . 
 the rain pattered on their black coats . 
 the deep mud of the parking lot squelched under their boots . 
 blue glanced through the window at his new girlfriend . 
 she sat demurely in the back seat of the van , hands in her lap , waiting . 
 do n't fall in love he told himself . 
 `` we should probably put her on the boat with the rest of the luggage , '' green said . 
 `` let the boatmen take care of her . '' 
 blue shook his head . 
 `` not a chance . 
 you 're going to report me anyway , i might as well have a little fun . '' 
 `` suit yourself , '' green said . 
 `` but it 's a serious breach ... '' `` of protocol , '' blue said . 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 he and green went around to the back of the van . 
 they opened the doors and pulled the big construction box to the edge . 
 it was heavy with dead weight . 
 he glanced at the boat again . 
 there was no sign of life on there . 
 `` they 'd better be here , '' blue said . 
 green shrugged . 
 `` i 'm sure they 're here . '' 
 `` your kind of guys , huh ? 
 efficient . 
 machine-like . 
 no breaches of protocol ? '' 
 green smiled . 
 `` we 're replacing cowboys like you more and more every year . 
 the future does n't need guys like you , blue . 
 one day ... '' `` one day i 'll be dead and so-called men like you will run the show . '' 
 `` you said it , partner , '' green said . 
 `` i did n't . 
 i was going to say retired . '' 
 they hoisted the heavy steel box by its handles and carried it slowly across the parking lot . 
 as they grew closer to the boat , two men appeared on deck . 
 one second they were n't there , the next second they were . 
 they came down the gangplank to the dock . 
 their builds were slim and tall , much like mr. green . 
 they wore the same black ski masks to cover their faces . 
 four sets of eyes stared intently across a big , heavy box . 
 blue and green passed the crate to them . 
 it felt good for blue to be rid of it . 
 after it was gone , he still felt the weight of it across his shoulders . 
 `` is this everything ? '' 
 one of the men on the boat said . 
 green nearly said something , but blue raised a hand to cut him off . 
 `` everything you need to worry about . '' 
 `` thanks for your hard work . '' 
 blue nodded . 
 `` thanks for yours . '' 
 the men carried the box up the gangplank , then across to the boat . 
 they placed the box down on the deck , and immediately busied themselves untying the lines . 
 they were all business . 
 a moment later , one of the men was at the controls , and the boat slowly pulled out into the fast moving creek , still no lights on . 
 blue and green watched it head out towards open water . 
 `` okay , '' blue said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 * * * nine watched the men carefully . 
 she was with them inside a dingy and spare motel room along highway 41 near downtown sarasota . 
 the room had brown wall paneling . 
 there were two double beds , each leaning in a different direction . 
 an old tacky print of a yellow vase with a dozen roses graced the far wall near the bathroom door . 
 susan had passed this motel many times on her drive to work when she was susan . 
 it was attached to a tavern that motorcycle gangs used as a hangout . 
 the sign out in front of the bar advertised early bird drink specials , beginning at 10am . 
 it was an open secret that prostitutes frequented the bar , then brought their clients back to the motel rooms . 
 just passing the place used to give susan the shivers . 
 `` what are your plans for her ? '' 
 mr. green said . 
 mr. blue shrugged the wet raincoat off his big shoulders and let it fall to the floor . 
 that left him in cargo pants and a tight black t-shirt with a leather shoulder holster . 
 he had a broad chest , big arms , and big shoulders . 
 he slid the gun out of its holster . 
 `` long term plans or short term plans ? '' 
 he said . 
 mr. green sat at a cheap wooden table . 
 he entered information into a black hand-held device . 
 he had already removed his coat and hung it in the tiny closet . 
 `` i 've never known you to have long term plans , '' he said . 
 nine stood against the wall between two double beds , waiting . 
 she glanced around , looking for some chance of escape . 
 she knew that before long , these men would get rid of her . 
 they might disable her themselves , then cut her in pieces and discard her in various dumpsters . 
 or they might hand her over to the company to do it . 
 she did n't know which option sounded worse . 
 if howard found out what happened ... she did n't want to think about that . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 she said . 
 mr. blue peeled off the black t-shirt , revealing a rugged upper body crisscrossed with scars . 
 `` here on earth ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` here on the physical plane ? '' 
 nine smiled . 
 `` i 'm not programmed for existential questions , mr. blue . '' 
 she gestured at their surroundings . 
 `` here in this terrible lodging . 
 ca n't we afford better ? '' 
 blue sat on a bed , his gun beside him . 
 he unzipped his black boots and pulling them off , revealing bare feet . 
 `` well darling , if you must know , we 're working men . 
 we drive a cargo van with south carolina license plates . 
 men like us stay in places like this . 
 that 's the cover story , anyway . '' 
 `` blue ... '' mr. green said from the table . 
 there was a note of warning in his voice . 
 `` do n't worry , partner , '' blue said . 
 he raised a hand . 
 `` number nine is our friend . 
 she 's not going to tell on us . '' 
 blue rose from the bed and slowly approached her . 
 he placed the gun on the night table right next to her . 
 it was very close to her right hand . 
 nine focused on it . 
 it was a large pistol with a black matte finish . 
 she searched her databanks . 
 very quickly , she had it . 
 the gun was a glock 17 semi-automatic , probably generation four . 
 it fired the 9x19mm parabellum cartridge . 
 it held 17 rounds in the magazine . 
 nine blinked . 
 where did all that come from ? 
 she should n't be able to access this kind of information . 
 in the days after martin had died , susan had disabled nine 's wireless network access . 
 she had disabled nine 's global positioning system , as well . 
 for better or worse , nine was a dumbbot . 
 she was off the grid . 
 so how did she know about the gun ? 
 an image arose , a memory of susan as a teenager . 
 she wore protective goggles . 
 she pointed a gun just like this one at a target . 
 her father stood next to her . 
 nine watched as susan pulled the trigger , over and over , ripping holes in the center of a target twenty yards away . 
 susan was a crack shot . 
 her father had taught her to shoot . 
 she would kill them , she realized . 
 these men were murderers , they had killed her first , and she would return the favor if she could . 
 she would do it to escape , but she would also do it for revenge . 
 and she would n't feel the least bit bad about it . 
 she was nine , and nine was n't programmed to feel guilt . 
 nine was programmed for arousal , and for ecstasy . 
 blue unbuckled the belt of his pants . 
 he took another step toward her . 
 he was very close . 
 the scent of him was overpowering . 
 he smelled like a wild boar . 
 she felt his vibrations , and his intentions . 
 he let his pants fall to the floor . 
 he had nothing on underneath them . 
 deftly , he stepped out of them and kicked them away . 
 now he was nude . 
 his legs were thick with muscles , like tree trunks . 
 she analyzed his body type , doing quick calculations . 
 thigh circumference . 
 neck circumference . 
 shoulder to waist ratio . 
 wrist thickness . 
 the calculations happened faster than a human eye blink . 
 he was an almost perfect mesomorph - the body type of the professional athlete , and the violent criminal . 
 even though he was clearly aging , probably past age 40 , he could likely still deliver incredible amounts of force . 
 the heat began to rise within her again . 
 she could get turned on that fast . 
 it was an amazing ability . 
 when she was susan , she had not experienced anything like this . 
 `` to tell you the truth , '' he said , `` i brought you here so i can get to know you a little bit better . 
 later , i 'm going to have to interrogate you , but i promise i 'll go easy . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 blue reached out with his big hands and ran them along her legs . 
 slowly , he lifted the hem of her short skirt . 
 he lifted it to her waist , revealing the tiny black panties she wore . 
 they both looked down at where his hands were . 
 her voice was tight in her throat . 
 `` can i help you with something ? '' 
 she said . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i can handle it . '' 
 blue took the waistband of the panties in both his hands . 
 with one strong pull , he ripped the panties right down the middle , and stripped them away from her body . 
 she made a sound , a squeak , like a frightened mouse might make . 
 he slid the arm straps away from her shoulders and her mini-dress slid to the floor . 
 she did a little shimmy shake to help it along . 
 gently , he pushed her legs open , and slid his torso in between them . 
 she climbed his body , straddling him now . 
 her back was against the wall , her legs wrapped around his wide back . 
 `` i want to fuck you , '' blue whispered . 
 nine heard a sound come out of her mouth . 
 it rose from deep in her throat . 
 it sounded like a growl . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 she clung to mr. blue . 
 they held each other . 
 blue ground his body against her the tiniest amount . 
 there was already a fine sheen of sweat between them . 
 it was an intimate moment . 
 she glanced over blue 's shoulder at mr. green , who sat at the table , inputting data , ignoring them . 
 a thought occurred to her , maybe a chance at escape . 
 `` does n't he want to play , too ? '' 
 she said . 
 blue shook his head . 
 `` who , green ? '' 
 `` mmm-hmmm . '' 
 `` oh , he ca n't play . 
 he does n't have the programming for it . 
 all he can do is kill . '' 
 `` you mean he 's ... '' `` yes . '' 
 green was a robot . 
 suddenly , many things about him snapped into place . 
 she was surprised she had n't seen it earlier . 
 he had the personality of an early generation bot , which is to say , he had very little personality at all . 
 the fact that he was a robot meant he would be a very effective killer , probably much more so than this man blue . 
 he would be stronger , have faster reflexes , and better aim with a gun . 
 he could survive injuries that would kill blue . 
 he would keep his composure until the last moment of his life . 
 but if green were gone ... then this blue person would be on his own . 
 `` so you 're a war machine , '' nine said to green . 
 `` i 'm just like you , '' green said . 
 `` only my programming is different . '' 
 `` you 're not like me , '' nine said . 
 `` oh ? 
 in what way ? '' 
 * * * blue was almost inside her . 
 they were pressed together , her legs wrapped around him . 
 he held her up against the paneled wall . 
 she seemed lighter than air . 
 she was beautiful . 
 she was amazing . 
 at this moment , she was everything he wanted in a woman . 
 he wished that this time with her could go on forever . 
 her small hands moved slowly and lightly along his back and neck , caressing him . 
 it seemed a shame that they would have to destroy her in a little while . 
 already , his mind began to work through scenarios , ways that he might be able to keep her . 
 only now she was looking over his right shoulder and talking to green . 
 that could kill blue 's good time in a second . 
 he could n't see green and he did n't want to . 
 all he wanted was for the girl to stop talking . 
 they were still in the middle of something here , were n't they ? 
 `` so you 're a war machine . '' 
 `` i 'm just like you , '' green said . 
 `` only my programming is different . '' 
 `` you 're not like me , '' nine said . 
 `` oh ? 
 in what way ? '' 
 came green 's simpering , i 'm smarter than everybody voice . 
 did n't this guy ever power down ? 
 blue was thinking maybe this was the last job he would work with green . 
 he needed to talk to howard again about getting a human partner . 
 `` that 's tough , '' howard had said the last time . 
 `` since your partners always seem to get killed or crippled , i can tell you that not too many flesh and blood people are lining up to take that job . '' 
 blue was musing on this when suddenly , his night changed . 
 `` tell me , '' nine said . 
 her voice was seductive , but there was an edge to it , something that had n't been there only a moment before . 
 she was still talking to green . 
 `` the bomb you planted inside me . 
 how do you disarm it ? '' 
 `` simple enough . 
 when it sets , it uploads a random 10-digit code to a restricted server . 
 if you know the code , you type it in on the keypad and the bomb disarms . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` do you have the code ? '' 
 `` no , '' green said . 
 `` only the big bosses have access to a code like that . '' 
 without warning , nine had blue 's gun in her hand . 
 she fired across the room . 
 blue was holding her up , and she was firing his gun right next to his head . 
 blue 's instincts kicked in . 
 it would take nothing for her to turn that gun on him . 
 he pushed her away , dove to the floor , and rolled . 
 she landed on her feet , still firing . 
 from the floor , blue looked at green . 
 he had been caught by surprise . 
 the sex doll fired shot after shot , moving closer , each one finding its target . 
 green jittered and jived , the bullets tearing through synthetic flesh , ripping through his case-hardened frame , doing untold damage to his internal processors . 
 he stood , knocking over the table . 
 he tried to reach into his shoulder holster for his gun , but his movements were off . 
 he was herky-jerky , all kinds of wiring going bad all at once . 
 blue had seen it before when these things got hit . 
 she stood just a foot away from him now , her back to blue , nude , firing point blank into green 's chest . 
 she never went for his head . 
 she knows , blue thought . 
 she knows there 's nothing important in his head . 
 how the fuck does a sex doll know that ? 
 nine emptied blue 's gun into green . 
 when the trigger clicked , she threw the gun away . 
 it made a solid clunk when it hit the floor . 
 she slid her hand into hapless green 's holster and took his gun . 
 now she was fully loaded again . 
 blue had to move . 
 if he stayed where he was , in another minute he 'd be dead . 
 he jumped up and charged across the room . 
 ahead , he saw nine turn , satisfied she had finished green . 
 now she was looking for blue . 
 but blue was too fast . 
 he dove at her , tackling her and knocking her backwards . 
 the wooden work table collapsed to the floor . 
 they fell on top of it . 
 blue landed on top of nine . 
 he kneeled above her . 
 to beat her , he would have to tear away the flesh , somehow pull out the plating , rip some wires out . 
 hand to hand combat with these things was a mess - you needed a buzz saw to get in there . 
 he was naked with only his hands . 
 it would never work . 
 he had to get that gun away from her . 
 too late . 
 she smacked him across the head with the butt end of it . 
 she hit him again , hard . 
 for a moment , his vision blurred . 
 there were two of her , three of her . 
 she hit him again . 
 and again . 
 he fell over sideways , landing in a heap on the bare floor . 
 she clambered on top of him . 
 with one hand , she choked him . 
 with the other , she pointed the gun at his forehead . 
 unlike with green , one shot would do it . 
 there were two of her , then just one , then two again . 
 blue shook his head to clear his vision . 
 `` nine , '' he said , his voice a rasp . 
 she was strong . 
 she could rip his throat out , if she wanted . 
 `` i thought we had something between us . '' 
 `` we did . 
 but that 's over now . '' 
 `` not for me . '' 
 a sound caught his attention . 
 he glanced at green . 
 green was on the floor , just a few feet away , no longer trying to find his gun . 
 he was no longer doing anything that might pass for a human behavior . 
 his head snapped to the left , over and over again . 
 he made a loud clicking sound . 
 his hands clenched and unclenched . 
 black smoke seeped from bullet holes in his chest . 
 something was on fire in there . 
 blue looked back at nine . 
 she was full of surprises . 
 she had n't hesitated to kill green . 
 but for some reason , she was waiting to kill blue . 
 he should already be dead . 
 `` green , '' he said , `` is in terminal shutdown . 
 any minute now , he 's going to self destruct . 
 when he does , he 's going to explode . 
 i 've seen it before . 
 it 's a big explosion . 
 much bigger than the bomb inside you . 
 that way , no battlefield enemy can get the technology . 
 you see ? '' 
 she glanced over at green . 
 blue made his move . 
 with all his strength , he grabbed her waist and heaved her into the air . 
 she was light . 
 she flew several feet and landed on her back . 
 he rolled to his right , leapt up , and dove for the window . 
 he crashed through it , arms out in front , shattered glass going everywhere . 
 he fell to the pavement , bounced up , and took off running across the wet parking lot , arms bleeding , bare feet on gravel . 
 * * * from her back , nine watched mr. blue go through the window . 
 he had surprised her . 
 he had reacted very quickly , much faster than mr. green . 
 she turned to green . 
 yes , he was really smoking now . 
 he was no longer moving . 
 his systems realized that a catastrophic failure had occurred . 
 once his central processing unit shut down , then there would be trouble . 
 she jumped up , grabbed her discarded mini-dress off the floor , and took blue 's telephone off the night table . 
 she stepped through the shattered window and walked nude across the parking lot , gun in one hand , dress and mobile phone in the other . 
 the blacktop was wet , but the rain itself had stopped . 
 she glanced at the sky . 
 dark clouds skidded across the moon . 
 she stepped quickly . 
 there was n't much time . 
 she was twenty steps away when the motel room behind her exploded in a flash of light and sound . 
 she did n't even look back . 
 blue was ahead , just across the parking lot . 
 he approached her , also nude , walking slow , unhurried . 
 she swung the gun in his direction . 
 if he got any ideas , she would put a bullet through his bare chest . 
 he raised his hands in the air , but he smiled . 
 `` number nine , '' he said . 
 `` i think we 've got something special . 
 some little spark between us . '' 
 `` blue , '' she said . 
 `` the next spark you see will be the muzzle flash from this gun . '' 
 `` i mean it , nine . 
 you 're the woman for me . 
 i feel this electricity ... '' she laughed . 
 `` keep dreaming , '' she said as she walked past him . 
 `` i can help you , '' he said . 
 she stopped . 
 `` how can you do that ? '' 
 `` the code . 
 the code to disarm the bomb . '' 
 `` do you have it ? '' 
 `` no , but i can get it . '' 
 she started walking again . 
 `` so can i. '' `` we 'll meet again , '' he said . 
 she waved a hand . 
 `` if we do , i 'll have to kill you . '' 
 behind her , sirens already approached . 
 people began to shout and scream . 
 she heard running footsteps and a woman shrieking . 
 `` hey nine ! '' 
 blue shouted . 
 `` nine ! 
 where 'd you learn to shoot like that ? '' 
 she glanced back at him . 
 he stood nude in the parking lot . 
 he could be a sculpture of a naked barbarian warrior . 
 behind him , a car had caught fire . 
 as she watched , its gas tank blew up , sending a plume of fire into the night sky . 
 blue barely moved . 
 `` my dad taught me , '' she said . 
 up ahead , the parking lot ended . 
 through some bushes , she could see a quiet , leafy side street . 
 she kept walking . 
 * * * the man 's name was darryl blauer . 
 he wore a yellow hardhat and was halfway up a telephone pole in a quiet industrial neighborhood , about ten blocks east of highway 41 . 
 there 'd been an explosion over by the highway a few minutes back , but he did n't see that as any of his business . 
 in fact , an explosion was a good thing . 
 it would keep the cops busy for a little while . 
 he put the whole thing out of his mind . 
 he worked quickly , in case another squall of rain decided to blow in . 
 the explosion did n't interest him . 
 at least , it did n't until he saw what emerged in its aftermath . 
 a young woman walked up the deserted street right toward him . 
 she wore a sheer mini-dress , and nothing else . 
 she did n't even have shoes on her feet . 
 right away , he recognized her for what she was . 
 in fact , he had an older model at home who looked a lot like her . 
 he called her mandy , and she was his sweet , sweet girl . 
 she was his confidante , and she was his slut . 
 she was his slave . 
 she was anything he wanted her to be . 
 `` here comes the reason for the explosion , '' he said to himself , a pair of wire cutters held between his teeth . 
 he 'd done a lot of reading about sexbots when he entered the secondary market for one . 
 it was no small thing to own a sexbot . 
 shooting wars had started between rival drug gangs over the possession of these things . 
 he grinned . 
 that was none of his business , either . 
 darryl was good at minding his own business . 
 right now , he was doing what he did for business these days - data mining . 
 it was a pretty good gig . 
 what he did was he came out to quiet streets with computer hard drives in nondescript black boxes , and wired them directly into the public fiber optic lines . 
 they were data collectors that he had designed himself . 
 interceptors , he called them . 
 he left them wired in for a week or so , although they would generally fill up in a couple of days . 
 then he came back and picked them up again . 
 he tended to work at night , just like now . 
 the interceptors collected every piece of raw data that went through that section of the fiber optic line . 
 on one of his home computers , he had an open source packet analyzer that made the data readable for him . 
 lots of good stuff flooded into the interceptors . 
 credit card numbers . 
 social security numbers . 
 email addresses and passwords . 
 lot and lots of photographs and videos . 
 nudies , a lot of them . 
 a lot of unusable junk passed through , too . 
 it was n't like it was all gold . 
 he did n't act on the good stuff . 
 he sold it wholesale to a few different people he knew , who themselves turned around and sold it retail to the people who acted on it . 
 all kinds of scams were possible with the data that darryl collected . 
 identity theft . 
 blackmail . 
 credit card fraud . 
 con jobs . 
 break-ins . 
 you name it . 
 when he installed the boxes , he set it up to look like he was a technician from a telephone company out there , fixing the lines . 
 he drove a van with the words cisco communications on the side . 
 he used all the light he needed . 
 he wore his bright yellow hardhat . 
 hide in plain sight . 
 that was his motto . 
 if anybody ever asked him what he was doing , he said something like , `` oh , we got a call to come out here and take a look at these lines . 
 some of your neighbors are down . '' 
 it was gibberish . 
 it did n't mean anything , and yet it worked wonders . 
 between the van , and the uniform he wore , and the climbing spikes on his boots , and all his gear , and the fact of how weird looking he was , people were easily convinced . 
 people rarely even talked to him anyway . 
 he 'd been shot in the face in afghanistan ten years before . 
 now his face was permanently scarred and twisted . 
 he wore coke-bottle glasses because he 'd lost so much of his vision . 
 he looked weird , to put it mildly . 
 he looked like a nightmare . 
 when he first got back to the united states , and when they finally let him out of military prison , he would go to bars and stores and malls and restaurants . 
 people would look away . 
 and he would say to them , very loud : `` what are you afraid of ? 
 you wanted that war . 
 this is what it looks like . '' 
 but this sexbot here came right up to talk to him . 
 she did n't look away at all . 
 she was n't exactly a person , but darryl did n't mind . 
 she was better than a person . 
 except for a few subtle differences , she could almost be mandy 's twin . 
 no , that was n't true , he had to admit . 
 the only regret he had about mandy was how sometimes she seemed like a living mannequin . 
 she was an early model . 
 her facial expressions and body movement seemed stiff at times . 
 you could see that mandy was fake , if that 's what you wanted to see . 
 this one was newer . 
 she seemed perfectly natural . 
 she could be the real person mandy was based on . 
 she stood below him , looking up . 
 from this angle , he could see down her cleavage . 
 he noticed that she held a pistol in one hand , and a cell phone in the other . 
 damn , these things were advanced nowadays . 
 mandy could make basic phone calls , but nowhere in her programming was there any command to carry a gun . 
 darryl would love to teach mandy to shoot , but mandy ignored his guns as if they were n't even there . 
 `` excuse me , '' the sexbot said . 
 `` hello , little lady , '' darryl said she smiled . 
 `` hi . 
 this may seem strange , but i wonder if you can help me ? '' 
 `` darling , i 'll help you with anything you like . '' 
 he pulled his last data collector free from its wiring , slipped it into his backpack , and slowly clambered down to her level . 
 he unclipped his harness and faced her . 
 he stood nearly a foot taller than she did . 
 this close , she was beautiful . 
 he smiled , mindful of his freak show face , but also aware that she probably would n't notice it or care . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 what can i help you with ? '' 
 `` are you a telephone technician ? '' 
 she said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 she held up the phone . 
 `` a man made a call on this phone earlier tonight . 
 the number is n't saved in the history , but i need to find out the number he called and who it belongs to . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 darryl smile broadened . 
 the wheels were already turning in his mind . 
 hell , this was just like talking to a real person . 
 she was a lot smarter than mandy . 
 that was okay . 
 and maybe there were some things he did n't know about how to handle these new ones , but once he got the hang of it , she would probably respond to orders just as she should . 
 it 'd be quite a thing to get her back to the shack , get the girls together , and put them through their paces . 
 one sexbot had been a dream come true . 
 two would be ... he did n't know what it would be . 
 there were no words for it . 
 `` i can trace any call , '' he said . 
 `` but i ca n't do it here . 
 i do n't have the equipment with me . 
 if you want to find out who your man called , you need to come back to my house . '' 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 the sexbot said . 
 `` you can call me darryl . '' 
 she smiled , an amazing , pretty smile . 
 `` thank you , darryl . '' 
 he smiled right back , no longer the least bit self-conscious about his teeth , his face , or his eyes . 
 he knew she would love him no matter what he looked like . 
 `` at your service , my lady . '' 
 * * * nine rode out into the country with the man called darryl , the one who had climbed down from the telephone pole . 
 she sat quietly in the passenger seat as the city streets turned to suburbs , then to a dark two lane road , a long ribbon , flanked by thick , dense underbrush on either side . 
 they drove thirty minutes , with no hint of stopping . 
 after a while , there were no more cars , no more houses , no lights but the headlights of his truck . 
 `` you live a long way out , '' she said , just to make conversation . 
 `` out in the swamps , '' he said . 
 `` with the alligators . 
 that 's how i like it . '' 
 one part of her realized that once upon a time , if she had found herself in this truck , driving with this man through the dark to `` the swamps , '' as the man called it , she would be terrified . 
 the man was tall and broad , but strange looking . 
 his face was badly scarred . 
 he was missing several teeth . 
 the ones he still had were green going on black . 
 he wore thick glasses , and behind the fish bowl lenses , his two eyes seemed to look in different directions . 
 but she was n't afraid . 
 she was relieved . 
 the further she rode with darryl , the further away she was from mr. blue , and from the company . 
 `` what generation are you ? '' 
 darryl said , nonchalant , as if asking her what she did for a living . 
 `` generation ? '' 
 `` yeah , do n't you ladies come in generations ? 
 i 'm pretty sure that 's how they market you , right ? 
 by generation ? '' 
 she looked at him . 
 he smiled , showing those nasty teeth . 
 `` oh , come on now , i know what you are . 
 how could i not ? 
 something blows up in the middle of the night , and a beautiful , brand new sexbot walks up to me out of the darkness five minutes later . 
 she 's carrying a gun , and she wants me to trace a telephone call . 
 i know what you are , and i 'm guessing you 're on the run . 
 girls like you drive men to murder , and to madness . 
 and also to greatness . 
 so , go ahead . 
 tell me . 
 what generation are you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 if this swamp creature man recognized her , did that mean everyone she met would recognize her ? 
 well , she might as well go with it , for now . 
 `` i 'm the ninth generation . '' 
 `` wow . 
 the ninth generation . 
 i had no idea they had gotten that far along . 
 do you have a name ? '' 
 `` nine . '' 
 he sort of half-laughed . 
 `` nine ? '' 
 `` number nine . '' 
 `` so they did n't even give you a name , eh ? 
 just because you 're from the ninth generation ? 
 they call you number nine ? '' 
 `` i am the ninth generation . '' 
 `` you 're ... '' `` i 'm the one . 
 the prototype . '' 
 he stared at her . 
 he had turned down a dirt road , and now they bumped and bounced in the ruts . 
 `` someone is missing you hard right now . 
 someone with a lot of money . 
 someone with a lot of ... '' `` are you planning to turn me in ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 he steered the van up to a ramshackle house surrounded by deep , overgrown grass . 
 spanish moss hung thick and heavy from the oak trees above them . 
 she just caught a glimpse of the house before darryl killed the headlights . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm planning to keep you . 
 this is my home . 
 your home too , if you like . 
 come on inside . 
 i want to show you something . '' 
 nine sighed . 
 `` that 's what they all say . '' 
 * * * chapter 03 another man might be nervous about that gun in the sexbot 's hand , but not darryl . 
 hell , no . 
 darryl had been around guns for a long , long time . 
 guns held no terror for him . 
 nothing much frightened darryl anymore . 
 ten years before , he was one of the few , the proud , the marines . 
 but he had gotten hooked on meth while on a tour in afghanistan , and the shit made you paranoid . 
 very bad in a war zone . 
 he had fucked up one night while on watch , got spooked , and killed some people . 
 sixteen people to be exact . 
 civilians . 
 innocents . 
 women and children , some old guys . 
 no real fighters . 
 he could n't really remember , but it seemed like he had n't slept for several days before he did it . 
 he did remember opening up on these people , people who were walking in the hills for some dumb reason , just ripping them up . 
 he could see limbs flailing , and a head explode like a tomato . 
 the people had been visiting family somewhere , and were returning home late . 
 that was the story . 
 to be fair , it was just after dusk . 
 darryl was high and wired , stoned to the eyeballs , and they spooked him . 
 bad . 
 he thought they were fighters . 
 he thought they were ghosts . 
 so he killed them . 
 he went up the ridge to look at them when he was done . 
 an old man was still alive , all shot to shit . 
 darryl walked up him . 
 he was standing right on top of him before he realized that the old boy had a rifle . 
 bang ! 
 just like that , a big chunk of darryl 's face was gone . 
 the local tribal elders were pissed , naturally . 
 they wanted darryl handed over . 
 that was n't going to happen . 
 the military evacuated him to a hospital in germany , got him stabilized , rebuilt his face as best they could . 
 then they flew him to leavenworth . 
 he sat there for a year , until they let him go . 
 they dropped all charges before the thing ever went to trial . 
 they decided he was insane at the time of the incident . 
 psychiatric discharge . 
 well , fuck them . 
 darryl was never crazy , just hooked on meth . 
 where did they think he was getting the meth from , the camel jocks ? 
 fat chance . 
 our own people were bringing it in . 
 it was americans who sold him the shit . 
 now darryl was out of prison , out of the hospital , out of the armed services , and living in the house he grew up in . 
 his mom was dead these past seven years . 
 he had the place to himself . 
 frankly , he was glad to be done with all the bullshit . 
 he walked up the path to his front door , the sexbot following him . 
 the rain had stopped a while ago now , but it was a wet and steamy night . 
 a nice night to take some clothes off . 
 he brought her inside the house , and flicked on a light . 
 a large palmetto bug took wing from the wall to escape the light . 
 there were bloodstained holes in the drywall where darryl had punched when he was drunk . 
 there were beer cans and clothes strewn about everywhere . 
 the place was n't much to look at , but what did his visitor care , right ? 
 she was a robot . 
 hell , maybe these newer models would even clean up a little . 
 he smiled to himself . 
 that would be an upgrade . 
 * * * blue walked the hallways of a sprawling oceanfront mansion on long boat key . 
 his boots drummed on the stone tiles . 
 he was dressed again , this time in a black corporate jumpsuit with the suncoast logo on the breast . 
 the suncoast logo was an all-seeing eye made to look like the famous setting sun of southwest florida . 
 to blue , it looked like a peeping tom peeking over the backyard fence . 
 this is what they had given him to wear when the car picked him up , nude and crouched in some bushes next to a strip mall parking lot along route 41 , less than a mile from where the motel room had blown up . 
 now , as he walked toward the private wing of howard 's house , he was flanked by two big goons from the company , both with flat-top haircuts , and both sporting the same uniform that blue himself now wore . 
 this was a sex doll company with a security detail that dressed like fascist storm troopers . 
 go figure . 
 things were changing fast around here . 
 the three men came to a door . 
 one of the goons produced a key card , swiped it through the scanner , and the door to howard 's private apartment slid open . 
 the door slid quickly , almost faster than human sight . 
 it was all very modern , very space-age . 
 howard was a man who loved his gadgets . 
 the two goons remained at the threshold as blue walked in , and the door slid shut behind him . 
 inside the apartment , the floors were polished marble . 
 the walls were adorned with large abstract paintings , nothing but huge splashes of color , like the remains of a two-year-old child 's dinner . 
 howard stood in the wide hallway ahead of blue . 
 howard was a small middle-aged man , who seemed to be on the heavy side , and was balding . 
 he wore a plush bathrobe like he thought he was hugh hefner . 
 he 'd been dressing like this for a couple of years now . 
 once the sexbot thing had really taken off , howard had retreated to this palace of a house , put on a blue bathrobe , and seemed to spend the bulk of his day surrounded at all times by three or four late model sexbots . 
 apparently , howard 's mid-life crisis was going better than most . 
 and howard was still ceo of this company . 
 oh , he worked hard , certainly . 
 he was on the phone for hours a day , directing the business . 
 there were usually a lot of flunkies and go-fers and yes-men floating around the house here , taking dictation , keying things in to tablet computers , and shouting at subordinates during video conferences . 
 but there were always these beautiful fake women in the background , too , dressed in lingerie , dressed in lime and bright pink bikinis , dressed in latex bodysuits , sometimes dressed in nothing but high heels . 
 howard was living the dream . 
 now , he raised his arms . 
 `` blue ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` jesus blue , what 's it been ? 
 six months ? 
 what a great time for you to stop by at ... oh , one in the morning . '' 
 blue walked up to the man in the fuzzy bathrobe . 
 it would n't matter what time blue showed up - howard would still be draped in that robe . 
 blue stood a full head taller than howard . 
 howard the eccentric , the big boss , the top dog , fast becoming a very powerful man indeed . 
 `` hi howard . '' 
 `` hi blue . '' 
 blue let howard guide him into a large , ultra-modern sitting room . 
 the floors were tile . 
 all the furnishings were white . 
 a ten foot-long painting , garish in red and black on white canvas , hung along one wall . 
 one entire wall was a sweep of floor-to-ceiling windows , curving outward , giving a 180-degree view of the ocean . 
 outside , there was no longer any sign of rain . 
 wisps of white cloud skidded across the night sky , moving fast . 
 whitecaps popped up here and there on the water 's surface . 
 somewhere on the property down there was a dock , and parked at the dock was howard 's go-fast boat , a 40-foot cigarette with five huge engines . 
 howard had taken blue for a ride in it once . 
 closer to home , and true to form , two beautiful women were draped on the furniture , one in an accent chair , and one on the back of the sofa . 
 they were both outrageously voluptuous , bodies drawn by a cartoon artist . 
 one was a black girl with a huge afro . 
 she wore white panties and bra . 
 the other was a blonde in a sheer teddy . 
 they were distractions . 
 their mere presence was almost enough to arouse blue . 
 `` can i get you a drink ? '' 
 howard said . 
 blue shrugged . 
 `` sure . '' 
 howard went to the bar in the corner of the room . 
 `` scotch , is n't it ? 
 on ice ? 
 i 've got macallan 25 . 
 it costs me about $ 900 a bottle . 
 is that good enough for you ? '' 
 `` the best is good enough for me , '' blue said . 
 a moment later , howard had the drink . 
 he passed it along to blue . 
 blue took a gulp , felt the familiar fire in his belly . 
 this was the good stuff . 
 from howard , he would expect nothing less . 
 `` do n't worry about the girls . 
 we can talk in front of them . '' 
 `` okay , '' blue said . 
 he watched as howard lifted his glass and took a tiny sip of his own drink . 
 `` so what happened out there tonight ? '' 
 howard said . 
 blue smiled . 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 `` well , the little bit i heard , it sounds like you went on a routine termination , and yet another one of your partners got sizzled . 
 does that sound about right ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 howard put up his hands as if to say , `` do n't shoot . '' 
 then he smiled . 
 he sat on the arm of a sofa . 
 `` okay , you set me straight . 
 tell me what went down . '' 
 blue thought about it , but only for a second . 
 he decided he might as well tell howard the story . 
 `` it was a long way from a routine termination . 
 about a hundred miles from routine . 
 first off , i nearly got killed tonight . 
 the closest i 've come in years . '' 
 howard raised an eyebrow . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 `` when we got there , the client was waiting . 
 she was expecting us . 
 she booby-trapped the downstairs hallway with a wine glass and a card table . 
 it alerted her to our presence . 
 we went fast , but by the time we reached her , she was in an upstairs computer lab , had put herself inside a clear plastic pod , and had launched some sort of sequence or operation . '' 
 that news made howard stand back up . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` green did n't know what the operation was . 
 he could n't figure out a way to shut it down . 
 so i just pulled her out of there . '' 
 `` was she dead ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not yet . 
 we finished her . '' 
 howard grunted . 
 `` how did the hotel room blow up ? '' 
 `` there was a sexbot in the house . 
 right in the computer lab . 
 she was awake . 
 we were concerned she might have witnessed the termination , so we took her with us . '' 
 `` did she have a name ? '' 
 `` she called herself number nine . '' 
 howard shrugged . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` we got her back to the hotel room . 
 i put my gun on the table . 
 the sexbots are n't supposed to be programmed for battle . 
 am i right ? 
 only this one picked up my gun and sprayed green with bullets . 
 she did n't hesitate . 
 she shot him in the chest , howard . 
 she emptied my gun right into where his databanks would be . 
 it happened so fast that green was a smoking ruin before either of us could react . 
 then she threw my gun away and took green 's gun . '' 
 blue stared at howard . 
 `` since when is a sexbot designed to do something like that ? '' 
 howard looked at the scotch in his own glass . 
 he swirled it around . 
 `` since never . '' 
 `` next thing i know , '' blue said . 
 `` i 'm rolling on the floor with this thing , fighting for my life . '' 
 howard smiled . 
 `` in the nude , so i 'm told . '' 
 behind him , both the sexbots laughed , their voices like beautiful tinkling glass chimes . 
 blue did n't smile . 
 `` i was about to take a shower . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' howard said mildly . 
 `` green died , and his auto-destruct kicked in . 
 saved my life , in all likelihood . 
 i got out of there just before the whole place blew , and so did she . '' 
 `` it 's quite a story , '' howard said . 
 `` can i fix you another ? '' 
 he pointed at blue 's glass , which blue was surprised to find empty . 
 blue held it out . 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks . 
 it 's been one of those nights . 
 you mind telling me what 's going on ? '' 
 howard was over by the bar again . 
 he dumped blue 's glass , and shoveled some new ice into it . 
 he reached for the scotch bottle . 
 `` suppose you were dying , '' howard said . 
 `` i 'm never more than a few steps from dying , '' blue said . 
 howard handed him the fresh drink . 
 `` suppose you were dying of an illness . 
 and you were a billionaire . 
 okay ? 
 the only god you 've ever had was money . 
 you 're afraid to go see the real god , if there is such a thing . 
 death does n't appeal to you . 
 you want to stay here . '' 
 `` okay , '' blue said . 
 `` now suppose i told you it was possible . 
 suppose i told you that i could download you - your awareness , your thoughts , your experiences , the things that make up whatever you are - into a computer . 
 you would be alive , but inside a machine . 
 that would be a lot like living forever , would n't it ? '' 
 blue took a sip of the drink . 
 `` i guess , if such a thing was possible . 
 i mean , it does n't sound ideal ... '' `` what if it were ideal ? 
 what if i could download you into a person , a perfect physical specimen , a person that would never get sick , or old , a robot like green or , if you were a woman , like these ladies here ? '' 
 his hand swept the room , including the two sexy robots in his sweep . 
 `` how much would that be worth to you ? '' 
 blue just stared at him . 
 `` how much would it be worth ? 
 to be downloaded into a sexbot ? 
 i do n't think i 'd want that if you gave it to me for free . '' 
 howard looked at the ceiling , then pointed at blue with his glass . 
 `` okay blue , you 're not really a product marketing guy . 
 i get that . 
 but try to think ahead a little bit . 
 we 're not going to use sexbots . 
 we 're using them now because we have them on hand . 
 but we 've got programmers working on a robot that will be an empty vessel , one that can receive the person 's download and become that person . 
 all the sexbot stuff will be gone . 
 it 's going to take some trial and error , but we 'll get there . '' 
 howard raised his glass to his lips , but he did n't seem to drink from it . 
 he let out a long sigh . 
 `` so come on . 
 tell me . 
 a billion dollars ? 
 ten billion dollars ? 
 half your net worth ? 
 all of it ? 
 it 's everlasting life , blue . 
 how much is it worth to you ? '' 
 `` i 've been shot fourteen times , '' blue said . 
 `` i do n't have a billion dollars . 
 i guess everlasting life is n't in the cards for me . '' 
 `` we can do it , '' howard said . 
 `` maybe it 's not for you , but other people are going to want it . 
 and we can do it . 
 i did n't know that for sure until tonight , until five minutes ago . 
 your story just confirmed it . 
 we can give people everlasting life . 
 it 's not perfect yet , obviously . 
 but we have the technology . 
 we 're the only ones . '' 
 `` the woman ... '' blue said . 
 howard nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 she was probably the most important scientist that no one ever heard of . 
 her work is going to change the course of history . 
 the future is going to be very , very different . 
 she knew what was about to happen to her . 
 she knew because the man you terminated last week , martin wacker , was her partner on this project . 
 so she downloaded herself into the sexbot . 
 she used to be susan jones . 
 now she 's number nine . 
 she 's out there , and we need her back here . 
 we need you to do it . '' 
 `` green put a bomb inside her . 
 it 's on a 24-hour timer . 
 i need the 10-digit code to disarm the bomb . '' 
 `` okay . 
 you 'll have it . '' 
 `` listen , '' blue said . 
 `` if you want her back so bad , then why was she terminated in the first place ? '' 
 howard smiled . 
 `` she was n't a sexbot when we terminated her . '' 
 blue stared . 
 he said nothing . 
 howard waved his hand , as if it did n't matter , as if it was hardly worth mentioning . 
 `` there was a dispute . 
 there 's always a dispute with these sensitive creative types . 
 they discovered this technology , the two of them . 
 in the end , they were a couple of tinkerers . 
 they could have been building go-karts , and they knew it . 
 they stumbled on an incredible secret , and they wanted to announce it to the world . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 howard shook his head . 
 `` and nothing . 
 we were n't going to do that . '' 
 blue did n't get it . 
 howard was skipping something . 
 howard 's shoulders slumped . 
 `` look , blue . 
 do i have to explain everything to you ? 
 susan wanted to write a paper . 
 get it published in a peer-reviewed journal . 
 invite scientists , quantum theorists , bio-ethicists , whoever , to come in and look at what they were doing . 
 maybe present it to the united nations . '' 
 he paused for a second . 
 `` the united nations ! 
 can you imagine ? 
 we do n't have time for all that bullshit , blue . 
 we need to move on this . 
 we need to get this thing to market . 
 what we do n't need is to write a press release . '' 
 `` that 's why you killed her ? '' 
 howard 's lips pursed into a ghost of a smile . 
 `` i did n't kill her . 
 you did . 
 and you killed her for a lot less , believe me . 
 we 're talking billions of dollars , at least , probably hundreds of billions . 
 maybe a trillion . '' 
 blue shrugged . 
 `` howard , one day i 'll kill you , and i 'll probably do it for free . '' 
 howard turned his back and looked out at the ocean . 
 he still held his drink in his hand . 
 `` maybe i 'll be inside a machine before that day ever comes . '' 
 blue stared at howard 's broad back , his balding head . 
 howard went on . 
 `` listen blue , the chairman of this company is sick . 
 he 's dying . 
 so it 's personal . 
 we need to go to human trials right away . 
 we 've got the subjects . 
 we 're building a facility right now in mexico . 
 the details are a little unsavory , i admit , but we 're contracting with the zetas drug cartel . 
 they 've got some people lined up for us , prisoners . '' 
 `` you 're going to experiment on people held by a mexican drug cartel ? '' 
 `` in a word , yes . '' 
 blue smiled . 
 a burst of air escaped him . 
 it was n't really a laugh . 
 it was more of a grunt . 
 he 'd been in this line of work so long that nothing surprised him anymore . 
 `` what kind of people are they ? 
 the ones you 're going to experiment on ? 
 do you think they had their lawyers look over the release forms ? '' 
 howard raised a hand . 
 `` blue , do you care ? 
 i do n't know what kind of people they are . 
 rival drug traffickers , maybe . 
 peasant villagers . 
 people who were waiting at a bus stop . 
 who cares ? '' 
 blue and howard watched each other for a long moment . 
 `` she wanted to stop everything , '' howard said . 
 `` they both did . 
 she and martin . 
 they were downloading chimpanzees into sexbots for six months , then they decided it was unethical . 
 see , because the chimps ca n't make decisions about how they 're treated . '' 
 howard 's eyes never wavered . 
 `` if doing it to chimps was suddenly unethical , how were they going to feel about prisoners of a drug gang ? 
 jesus . 
 it 's really not so bad . 
 those people were going to die anyway . 
 we 're giving them their only chance . 
 we 'll download them . 
 they 'll talk . 
 we 'll get some spanish translators , we 'll study them , understand how it works . 
 who 's in there ? 
 what does it feel like ? 
 is it nice ? 
 we need to know what 's going on . '' 
 `` you ca n't learn anything from the chimps ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` the chimps ca n't talk ! 
 you see what i 'm saying ? 
 the fucking chimps ca n't talk . 
 we 've already done it . 
 we 've got 23 downloaded chimps at a monkey facility up in south carolina . 
 the chimps themselves are in comas , on life support . 
 the sexbots walk around , they act a little like monkeys , a little like sexbots , but who knows what 's going on inside their minds ? '' 
 howard grunted . 
 `` you want the experience of banging a monkey ? 
 let me know . 
 i 'll give you an all-access pass . '' 
 `` thanks , '' blue said . 
 he turned to go . 
 things were getting very strange here at suncoast . 
 in blue 's experience , when things got strange , the next thing they did was turn to shit . 
 `` you 're a class act , howard . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' howard said . 
 `` i should n't have said that . 
 look , i 'm having a party tomorrow night . 
 here at the house . 
 we do them every once in a while . 
 officially , we call them masked balls , but i call them eyes wide shut parties . 
 remember the movie ? 
 everybody wears bird masks and capes . 
 a select few people are invited . 
 i 've got about twenty or thirty sexbots here . 
 there 's a live show , then you know , you can do whatever you want . 
 things get crazy . 
 i want you to come , okay ? '' 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' blue said . 
 he was about to go out the door , but howard stopped him again . 
 `` you know how much green cost this company to build ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` i mean green himself , i 'm not talking about all the research that went into making him possible . 
 just green . 
 you know how much ? '' 
 blue stopped . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` half a million dollars . 
 he retailed for close to a million . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` all that money torched because you wanted to get laid . 
 now i 'm telling you to come on over and get laid for free . '' 
 `` what did number nine cost ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` nine 's a prototype . 
 she 's the most advanced bot we have , of any kind . 
 hard to put an actual price on that , is n't it ? 
 and now with this susan situation ... '' `` what is she worth to you ? '' 
 blue said . 
 howard shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 this is a tricky situation . 
 for one , the chairman thinks susan is dead . 
 he does n't know how badly this job went . 
 i do n't want him to know , and you do n't either . 
 for another , it 's dangerous to have her running around . 
 she 's a loose end . 
 she knows too much . 
 god knows what kind of mischief she could get up to . 
 it would almost be cleaner if she just explodes . 
 on the other hand , if susan really is alive in there , then we need to know that , and we need to speak to her . 
 i need to speak to her . '' 
 blue shrugged . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 it was typical blather from howard . 
 what is it worth ? 
 nobody knows ! 
 blue was ready to leave . 
 he could walk away from suncoast right now and not look back . 
 `` listen , blue . 
 bring her back , that 's all . 
 you were supposed to kill her , and you did n't . 
 you fucked up and you know it . 
 even so , bring her back here and i 'll make it worth your while . '' 
 `` how much is that ? '' 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 `` five million dollars . '' 
 blue was fishing . 
 `` done , '' howard said . 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 `` listen , you bring me that robot bitch , and you 'll have five million dollars in your offshore account an hour later . 
 we 've never had a contract , right ? 
 you 've always just trusted me , and you 've always gotten paid . 
 right ? 
 this is no different . 
 this is the moon and the stars , blue . 
 you wo n't need to work another day in your life . '' 
 blue nodded , but he was n't sure what he would do when he encountered number nine again . 
 `` okay , howard . 
 you got it . 
 five million dollars . 
 we 're clear on that ? 
 i wo n't need to come looking for you after it 's over ? '' 
 howard nodded , his head bobbing . 
 `` five million , your offshore account . 
 anywhere you want . 
 and blue ? 
 come to the party , man . 
 i mean that . '' 
 * * * nine was horrified by the man 's house . 
 she was programmed to love and appreciate fine things . 
 things like silk sheets and beautiful homes , infinity pools , sunsets over the ocean , and hundred thousand dollar cars . 
 nine was programmed like this because the people who would own a machine like nine would love these very things themselves . 
 even so , she knew that it was the susan part of her that was upset . 
 nine was designed to overlook or ignore the things she could not love . 
 the programmers could not know in advance what types of situations a sexbot might find herself in , so she was also designed not to offend anyone . 
 susan hated this house . 
 the place was a wreck . 
 it was little more than a three-room clapboard shack , half falling down , and sitting at the end of a dirt road . 
 there were holes in the walls , some of which had streaks of blood on them . 
 the man seemed to have a habit of punching out the sheetrock . 
 there were green flypaper glue strips hanging down from the ceiling , all of them with dead flies attached . 
 the linoleum floor was peeling up . 
 the paint on the ceiling was peeling away and much of it had already fallen down . 
 moreover , a confederate flag hung on one wall . 
 several posters of bikini-clad women holding large guns adorned the other walls . 
 various old computers , junked technology , and dead monitors , along with wiring and accessories were piled in one corner of the living room . 
 every table , chair and flat surface seemed to have an empty , but unwashed , takeout food box sitting on it . 
 there was a smell in the house , a dank , musty smell . 
 susan had been raised in a wealthy , genteel family . 
 her childhood home had been large , clean and modern . 
 two live-in maids kept it spotless . 
 she had never been inside a house like this in her life . 
 she had barely known that such places existed . 
 the motel where blue and green had taken her was one thing . 
 that place had been old and dingy and out of date , but the beds were made and there was no garbage lying around . 
 this was much , much worse than the motel . 
 `` never mind the mess , '' darryl said . 
 `` do you like the posters ? '' 
 `` very nice , '' number nine said . 
 `` i want to show you something , '' darryl said . 
 `` actually , i want you to meet someone . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 the man went to a darkened doorway . 
 he turned the light on in there and poked his head inside the room . 
 `` mandy , '' he said . 
 `` come on out here . 
 there 's someone you need to meet . '' 
 he turned to nine and smiled . 
 his eyes goggled in his half-ruined face . 
 `` you 'll never believe this . '' 
 after a moment , a woman came through the doorway . 
 she was tall and statuesque , with high breasts and an insanely fit , absurdly feminine body . 
 she was like a cartoon woman come to life . 
 she wore a lime green bikini and high heels . 
 she was very pretty , with long brown hair . 
 nine recognized her face . 
 it came standard on the early models , and nine 's own face was based on that original design . 
 in fact , nine 's body was also based on that design . 
 nine 's face was prettier , and she had a better body , of course , but more as a result of subtle design tweaks over several years , than because of a complete overhaul . 
 mandy was a sexbot , probably generation one , or generation two . 
 she moved a little stiffly , belying her age . 
 `` hi , '' she said . 
 she blinked at nine . 
 her voice had been improved at some point , a software upgrade , but it still retained a touch of the original metallic robot sound . 
 her blink was outrageously sexy and flirtatious . 
 that was standard back then . 
 now it was an optional setting . 
 most people liked things a little more subtle , a little more ambiguous . 
 that 's what customer feedback had told the company . 
 nine turned to darryl . 
 he grinned ear to ear , showing her his crooked , black teeth , and the dark gaps between them . 
 `` she 's a beauty , ai n't she ? 
 that 's my little girl . '' 
 `` where did you get her ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not really at liberty to discuss that . 
 let 's just say i got her on the aftermarket . 
 she was ... she needed some work . 
 her original owner was involved in illegal activity . 
 he ran into some trouble and had to give her up . 
 he did n't deserve her anyway . 
 he did n't care for her as well as he could have , did n't maintain her properly , and did n't have the skills to repair her . 
 i have those skills , and i had the money to make her mine . '' 
 darryl grimaced . 
 `` the secondary market for sexbots is a little rough . 
 some bad characters around . 
 i do n't like to think about her dealing with people like that . 
 but she came through with flying colors . 
 she 's a very good girl . 
 are n't you a good girl , mandy ? '' 
 `` i 'm a very good girl , '' she said . 
 darryl turned to nine . 
 `` except when she 's bad , and needs to be punished , that is . '' 
 he laughed , his mouth wide , showing those teeth again . 
 it was a grisly laugh , something from a horror movie . 
 nine and mandy faced each other across the room . 
 nine felt it , what she was designed to feel - attraction to another beautiful female . 
 she felt it even though she knew mandy was a robot , and not a very smart one at that . 
 nine was subtly more attractive than mandy , but in terms of brain power , there was no comparison . 
 the company exponentially improved the capabilities of the sexbots with each new generation . 
 in many ways , mandy was a step above an office photocopier . 
 she had no awareness of her own programming . 
 she could n't carry on a normal human conversation . 
 she could n't think about current events . 
 she simply repeated the things her owner wanted to hear . 
 she could n't mix drinks or greet guests . 
 she could n't cook . 
 she could n't drive a car . 
 she had limited ability to remember the past . 
 depending on how early a model she was , she might be able to store four or five human faces in her visual memory . 
 there was so much that it turned out customers wanted , that these early models could n't do . 
 but one thing she did do - she got hot and horny on command . 
 mandy was looking at nine , and nine could see it in her eyes , and in her body language . 
 the earlier version of herself was already very turned on . 
 she was ready for action . 
 and so was nine . 
 mandy might be a machine , but nine wanted her . 
 nine licked her lips , and across the room , mandy did the same . 
 they were mirror images of each other . 
 their eyes locked , and they both wanted it . 
 they wanted sex . 
 right now . 
 `` i 'll tell you what i want to see happen , '' darryl said . 
 `` i 'd like to see you girls come together and give me a little show . 
 then i 'd like to have you both come over here and rock my world . '' 
 nine wanted mandy , but the desire , powerful as it was , was n't all consuming . 
 she could hold off , and she could keep what was important in front of her . 
 `` i 'll tell you what , darryl , '' she said . 
 `` i came out here because you said you would trace a voicemail drop from this phone i have . '' 
 `` that can wait , '' darryl said . 
 `` it ca n't wait , '' nine said . 
 `` you have no idea what you 're dealing with . '' 
 `` well , '' darryl said . 
 `` how does this sound ? 
 we 'll trade . 
 i 'll track that voicemail for you , and once we get that out of the way , i 'll do you both , all night long . '' 
 nine turned to him and smiled . 
 `` you find out where that phone call went , and i 'll do anything you want . 
 with pleasure . '' 
 * * * an old man with white hair stood at a tall window , the curtains pulled aside . 
 he stared out at the night . 
 the man wore a three-piece suit despite the fact that he was home and had no intention of going out . 
 he held a martini in his hand . 
 it was a cold night in new york city , and it was snowing . 
 his apartment , a four bedroom suite in one of the most expensive hotels in the world , was on the 34th floor . 
 he watched the snow swirling down against the backdrop of the tall buildings and the lights of manhattan . 
 his name was james walsh , and he was a billionaire ten times over . 
 at 87 years old , he had been in the business world for more than 70 years . 
 a long time ago , he had dropped out of high school and gone to work at the new york stock exchange . 
 for three years , he ran messages and packages between the traders and the offices in nearby buildings . 
 that was how they did it in those days , before electronic communications . 
 slowly he had learned the trade . 
 and he had amassed a small fortune . 
 then , he built that small fortune into a larger one , and finally one so large that he was one of the wealthiest people on earth . 
 someone had told him recently that the four hundred richest people on earth had more money combined than the four billion people at the bottom . 
 he was one of those blessed four hundred . 
 he had lost his wife elizabeth , the love of his life , ten years before . 
 he remembered thinking at that time , `` soon i will follow you . '' 
 he used to say it out loud to the ceiling while he lay in bed at night . 
 `` soon i will follow you , my love . '' 
 it did n't happen , not for ten years . 
 but now it seemed like it would . 
 james walsh had an advanced case of colon cancer . 
 it was going to kill him . 
 he had done three rounds of chemotherapy , but his system was too weak . 
 the nausea from the chemo was a disgrace . 
 the treatments nearly killed him , and they had no effect on the tumors . 
 so he stopped . 
 the doctors wanted to cut him up . 
 they wanted to cut the bottom of his colon out and make him wear a colostomy bag . 
 he told them he would not do it . 
 he would no longer suffer the indignities that men half his age wished to inflict on him . 
 when their time came , they could wear colostomy bags . 
 james walsh would die like a man . 
 he was running out of time . 
 and he found that as time ran out , he did n't want to follow elizabeth . 
 he would see her again , if such a thing as an afterlife existed , but now was too soon . 
 he wanted to live . 
 he was the majority stockholder , the chairman of the board , of the company known as suncoast cybernetics . 
 until recently , it had been just one of numerous properties in his portfolio . 
 it was a money maker for sure , and each year , the release of the newest generation sexbots caused quite a stir worldwide . 
 but compared to some of the great companies in which he held large ownership stakes , suncoast was a footnote . 
 he turned away from the tall window and the snowstorm outside . 
 three young women sat in various states of undress and repose around the room . 
 the room was furnished in opulent old world style , like a victorian mansion . 
 the girls were dressed in sheer pink and blue babydolls he had bought them at harrod 's during a trip to london . 
 yes , they were sexbots , generation eight , the newest generation that the company had brought to market . 
 he gazed at them . 
 so lifelike , so beautiful . 
 `` toys , '' he said . 
 until recently , suncoast was nothing but a toy company . 
 sure , they were diversifying into military applications , but it was a small percentage of their business . 
 he had even considered selling his stake in the company , but less than a year ago , everything had changed . 
 the only thing suncoast made now that interested him was immortality . 
 nothing interested him more . 
 he liked being james walsh . 
 he wanted to continue doing it . 
 he had enjoyed nearly everything this life could possibly offer , but he was n't done yet . 
 he thought of the people he had known , all gone now . 
 his father , his mother , his siblings . 
 his many friends and business partners . 
 where did they go ? 
 death was a mystery , a dark cloud , and they had disappeared into it . 
 he shook his head . 
 he wanted more time . 
 the truth ? 
 he was afraid . 
 he was afraid that when he died , it was the end . 
 there was no god , no heaven , no elizabeth waiting for him . 
 as the time grew closer , the more certain of it he had become . 
 he knew that to make this newest technology work , others would have to die . 
 he knew that two had died already - one a week ago , and one tonight . 
 indeed , he had called a voicemail drop just a few hours ago , and had heard the voice of a hired killer say two magic words . 
 `` it 's done . '' 
 those two words meant that a method to create immortality was about to go to human trials . 
 howard neale had assured him the trials could start in mere days from now . 
 walsh did n't know if he could believe that , but he held out hope it was true . 
 at one time , he had trusted howard completely . 
 before anyone else , howard had seen the potential for the world 's most advanced sex toy . 
 suncoast cybernetics was still making self-propelled pool cleaners when howard became ceo . 
 there had been a man in california with a small factory , maybe thirty people , making very realistic sex dolls . 
 the dolls could n't move on their own , they did n't speak , had no mechanical parts , but they looked and felt like real women . 
 howard bought the company . 
 he overpaid for it because he said no amount of money was too much . 
 then he found a tiny three-person shop experimenting with artificial intelligence . 
 they outsourced their coding to india and china . 
 somewhere in the technology sweatshops of the emerging world , hundreds of programmers were inputting thousands of scenarios - about how chess grandmasters made their moves , about when and why police officers drew their guns , about how people chose from dinner menus . 
 the theory was that human decision-making was simply the result of remembered experiences , and the brain 's ability to crunch large amounts of information . 
 if you gave a machine the same memories , it would come to the same decisions . 
 howard bought out that company , too , and he brought the founders on board as consultants for a year . 
 at the same time , he hung around mit , flying there himself once a month , snapping up the best robotics students in each graduating class for two or three years in a row . 
 howard built the team to make the dream happen . 
 if anything , sexbots were more howard 's invention than anyone 's . 
 but howard had lost his mind in the past couple of years , and it was the damned robots that did it . 
 the fact was they drove men insane . 
 what did it do to someone to have a woman who simply fulfilled every sexual whim , on demand and without hesitation ? 
 what did it do to have three such women , or half a dozen ? 
 howard had peopled his entire house with these things . 
 he sat at home all day and ran the company in a bathrobe , taking frequent breaks to indulge his perverted lusts . 
 at night , he threw sex parties for the political and business elite of southwest florida . 
 howard 's behavior was appalling . 
 walsh would have replaced howard months ago except his own illness had distracted him , and the sudden appearance of this new technology meant howard had become irreplaceable . 
 still , it was a very sensitive time and the company was in a very sensitive position . 
 and howard was not himself . 
 howard would have to be replaced . 
 indeed , he would have to be terminated , erased , eradicated completely . 
 he knew too much to remain alive , so he would have to die . 
 but not yet . 
 outside the windows , the snow was falling more heavily now . 
 walsh remembered many snowy nights in new york , how quiet the streets became . 
 he thought of walking through the manhattan streets , the soft snow above his ankles . 
 he could no longer walk in the snow . 
 he was too old , too infirm . 
 he sighed . 
 it was okay . 
 when the time was right , he would get rid of howard . 
 walsh realized now that it did n't matter to him how many people died , and who they were . 
 he wanted to live , he intended to live , and he would do whatever it took to make that happen . 
 * * * nine watched over darryl 's shoulder as he worked . 
 mandy , showing little interest in technology , waited out in the living room . 
 nine glanced through the doorway at her . 
 she simply sat in a chair in her skimpy bikini , staring into space , waiting for her next instructions . 
 beautiful , but not very brainy . 
 darryl 's computer room was dimly lit by one hanging yellow light bulb . 
 darryl had a rack of hard drives on a shelf above his desk . 
 they were wired to an old ibm upright server standing in the corner of the room . 
 he had a newer no-name laptop on the desk , along with two other large screen monitors . 
 the monitors glowed white and blue in the gloom . 
 led lights blinked red and green along the various pieces of hardware . 
 on a table next to his desk were piles of wiring and assorted junked hardware . 
 darryl had plugged nine 's telephone into a data port on the laptop . 
 he clicked quickly through several screens of numbers . 
 `` it 's quite a set up you have here , '' nine said . 
 `` yeah , '' darryl said . 
 `` what do you do for work ? '' 
 darryl stopped . 
 he turned to look at her . 
 his eyes swam in his fish-eye glasses . 
 the skin on his face looked like melted plastic . 
 `` you ask a lot of questions , do n't you ? 
 i know they want to make you girls as lifelike as possible , but this is going a little too far , is n't it ? 
 i 'll tell you the truth . 
 i do n't usually like people hovering behind me when i 'm trying to do something . '' 
 nine raised her hands and backed off a couple of steps . 
 `` okay . 
 have it your way . '' 
 darryl turned back around and faced the monitor . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he scrolled through several more screens . 
 `` there 's a lot of data on these phones . 
 the encryption package was like off-the-shelf from k-mart . 
 i was able to break the encryption in about eight seconds using a widely available algorithm . 
 after that , i tracked the most recent calls without a problem . 
 it was so easy to break in here , i 'm surprised that someone just let you walk off with this thing . '' 
 `` i think he was surprised , too , '' nine said . 
 darryl shook his head , barely listening . 
 `` so here 's the deal . 
 the phone called a voicemail . 
 you knew that . 
 it 's a dead drop , meaning that it was never associated with any particular phone , and anyway , it was no longer available after midnight tonight . 
 gone . 
 it looks like it only came into existence at 12 noon . 
 so the voice mail was only there for twelve hours , then it ceased to exist . 
 pretty secretive shit , huh ? '' 
 nine nodded . 
 `` very . '' 
 `` this phone called that drop , left a message . 
 the drop then automatically made two outgoing calls . 
 my guess is that was to send the message . '' 
 `` do you know who it called ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i have the numbers , yes , but the identification is blocked . 
 that encryption is tougher . 
 it might take me an hour to break , but to be honest , i do n't feel like bothering . 
 i was able to locate the phones by finding the nearest base station to each one , and then guessing at the final location by interpolating its distance from the nearest three cell towers . 
 so much mumbo-jumbo , i know , but it gives me the phone 's location to within about fifty yards . '' 
 `` you can do that ? '' 
 nine said . 
 she was surprised . 
 security had never been susan 's thing . 
 and with all the upheaval tonight , she had n't been thinking clearly . 
 if this person darryl could break encryption codes and locate those two phones in ten minutes , how hard would it be for the company to locate this phone , a phone they had probably given to mr. blue ? 
 she stared at the phone , still plugged in to darryl 's data port . 
 not too hard , probably . 
 she had to get out of here . 
 `` piece of cake , '' he said . 
 `` one of the phones is currently at an address just off gulf of mexico drive on longboat key , not thirty miles from here as a seagull flies . 
 the other phone is at a location that matches the address of something called the carlyle hotel in new york city . '' 
 jesus , it really was them . 
 howard lived on longboat key , and the chairman james walsh lived at the carlyle hotel . 
 the order to kill her had come from the highest levels of the company . 
 `` listen , '' she said . 
 `` darryl , i want to thank you for everything you 've done , but i really have to go . '' 
 darryl stood slowly at his desk . 
 he turned and smiled . 
 his glasses reflected the yellow light from the single naked bulb . 
 `` what about you and mandy rocking my world ? '' 
 nine backed away from him . 
 `` trust me , you 'll be better off this way . 
 i did n't mean to , but i 've put you in danger . 
 if you can track their phones so easily , they 're probably tracking that one right now . 
 we need to destroy that phone , and i need to get moving . '' 
 `` i was afraid you 'd say that , '' darryl said . 
 `` if you had asked me , i would have told you they can find that phone . '' 
 `` does n't that worry you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've been through a lot , as you can probably see . 
 but i 'm still kicking . 
 as a result , i do n't worry that much . 
 if they want to come out here and talk , we 'll talk . 
 personally , i doubt they 'll think of the phone right away . 
 and by the time they do , it 'll be sitting at the bottom of the swamp . '' 
 he picked up a large blue device off his desk . 
 it was a foot long tube , shaped somewhat like a gun , with a handgrip and trigger mechanism protruding from the bottom . 
 it had a large dark blue lens at the business end of it , where the barrel of a gun would be . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 `` darryl , '' nine said . 
 `` i know . 
 i said that i would get together with you and mandy , and i meant it . 
 i would have enjoyed it . 
 but things have changed now . 
 you need to listen to me . '' 
 darryl laughed , showing his poisoned teeth again . 
 the crags and craters of his ruined face were sinister in the half light of the room . 
 `` it 's strange , '' he said . 
 `` first they invented sexbots for men who did n't want their women talking all the time , coming up with all these opinions , and reasons why this was n't a good time to make it . 
 headaches , menstrual cycles , all of that . 
 now , less than a decade later , they 've brought it full circle . 
 is this what their customer support came up with ? 
 people really want sex toys that talk and talk and are full of opinions ? 
 do you also get headaches sometimes ? '' 
 `` darryl ... '' she kept backing up . 
 he held up the device in his hand . 
 the dark blue lens was pointed directly at nine . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 he said again . 
 `` i 'll tell you . 
 it 's a kind of directed-energy weapon . 
 it fires a radio frequency pulse . 
 i made this one myself . 
 it can overload and confuse an electronic system , shutting it down temporarily . 
 in most cases , it does n't actually fry any of the wiring or delicate internal hardware . 
 and all it takes is a touch of a button . 
 it comes in handy , i can tell you that . '' 
 `` listen , darryl ... '' he ignored her . 
 `` in your case , i do n't know how sensitive your hardware is , but if i do fry anything , you do n't have to worry . 
 i 'll fix it , or you know , replace it with something similar , whatever i can find . 
 you might lose a few iq points , but i do n't think either of us will mind that . 
 right now , you might be a little too smart for your own good . '' 
 `` darryl , i 'm going to turn around and i 'm going to walk out that door . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we 're twenty miles from anywhere . 
 there 's nowhere to go . 
 it 'll take you two hours to walk to a stoplight . 
 face it , number nine , we 're going to play tonight , and we 're going to put you through your paces , and we 're all going to have a lot of fun . 
 afterwards , we 'll see about getting inside your guts , and finding any identifying information about your rightful owner . 
 we 'll also see about erasing that information . 
 oh yeah , we 'll also get rid of that telephone . '' 
 nine had heard enough . 
 it was time to go . 
 `` bye , darryl . '' 
 she started to turn . 
 darryl pressed the button on his device . 
 at the front , the blue light flashed bright for a moment . 
 nine stared at it . 
 she thought to raise a hand to block her eyes , but of course her eyes had nothing to do with it . 
 her body felt warm . 
 her mind started to hum . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 when she opened them , she was lying face down on the bare wooden floor . 
 before she slept , she had a vision of darryl standing over her , big black boots near her face . 
 `` good girl , '' she thought she heard him say . 
 * * * chapter 04 a motorcade of company vehicles sped through the night . 
 there were a dozen vehicles , mostly jeeps and suvs . 
 all were black , with no markings of any kind . 
 the last was a sort of paddy wagon , once used by the u.s. marshals service to transport prisoners . 
 it had been purchased by the company at auction , re-armored and retrofitted with the latest radar , gps , and cloaking technology . 
 it was still used to hold prisoners , but these were corporate prisoners , and they were more expensive than run-of-the-mill bank robbers and felons . 
 blue sat up front in the shotgun seat of the first vehicle , a jeep . 
 the driver was a crew-cut , stone-faced storm trooper type . 
 he was human , but he might as well be a robot for all the sizzle he had . 
 the jeep was open to the steamy night air . 
 the car was going the speed limit for this road , 50 miles per hour , but barely a breeze came in . 
 blue had a tablet computer on his lap . 
 the tablet itself was armored . 
 it could take a bullet . 
 you could drop it to the bottom of a swimming pool . 
 you could run it over with your car . 
 you could throw it against a wall . 
 blue liked things that were hard to break . 
 they had located his phone . 
 of course they had . 
 once he had admitted to them it was gone , and that the girl had stolen it , it had taken no time at all to find it . 
 what took a little longer was massing this mini-army , and getting it on the road . 
 now they were getting close . 
 the phone was at the house of a man named darryl blauer . 
 blue gazed down at darryl 's photo and information , which filled the screen on his tablet . 
 darryl had an impressive resume . 
 ex-marine , two tours of duty in afghanistan . 
 wounded in combat - severe facial injuries requiring emergency reconstructive surgery . 
 evacuated to lanstuhl regional medical center , germany . 
 received the purple heart , and the navy and marine corps achievement medal . 
 implicated in a possible atrocity , arrested , repatriated to the united states , but cleared of wrongdoing . 
 information systems specialist . 
 general discharge , rank of sergeant . 
 three admissions to the veteran 's administration hospital in tampa , two for mental health , and one for facial surgery follow-up . 
 diagnosed with a laundry list of psychiatric and psychological problems : post traumatic stress disorder , chronic depression , acute anxiety , antisocial personality disorder , alcoholism , body dysmorphic disorder , obsessive compulsive disorder , and several others . 
 suspected hacker , identity thief , illegal data miner , and trafficker in stolen information . 
 there were no current warrants for his arrest , but he was considered armed and dangerous anyway . 
 blue did n't like this . 
 there was a woman living inside a high-tech robot . 
 the bot was now making autonomous decisions , and it had chosen to link up with this guy ? 
 an insane , armed and dangerous tech specialist with a history of violence ? 
 it had already been a long day , and this guy had the potential to make it a lot longer . 
 blue thought of number nine again . 
 it was confusing . 
 the flesh and blood woman he had killed earlier tonight - she would never interest him in real life . 
 smart ? 
 yes , obviously . 
 even clever and funny . 
 pretty ? 
 sure , but not beautiful . 
 and not adventurous . 
 that was a major sticking point . 
 really , she was just a desk jockey . 
 she probably spent half her day forwarding ironic video clips to people - the kind of clips only scientists would find funny . 
 she was not fit . 
 she was not hard . 
 she would not jump out of airplanes with him . 
 in bed , he 'd be afraid he might break her in half . 
 but put her inside that robot , and ... god . 
 fast , smart , rugged , hyper-sexy , randy , ready for anything , and with a sense of humor no robot could ever possess on its own . 
 put the scientist inside the robot , and you had the whole package . 
 he had looked at earlier sexbots , sure . 
 but he did n't like them . 
 that 's why he never bought one . 
 the last thing he wanted was some sexy broad around who was constantly sucking up to him . 
 sucking on him was one thing , but sucking up to him ? 
 hell , no . 
 he wanted to be challenged . 
 he wanted a woman he could hike the andes mountains with , bang in the tent until daylight , then talk politics or science or books with over a cup of coffee and a breakfast fire . 
 he wanted a woman who would snorkel tiger sharks with him , and have sex with him right in the midst of the man eaters . 
 hmmm . 
 were sexbots waterproof ? 
 he would need to find out . 
 it was a strange thought , but he liked her . 
 he liked this half-woman , half-robot creature . 
 they had kind of a spark together , did n't they ? 
 she could have killed him tonight , and yet she did n't . 
 you know why ? 
 because she felt it , too . 
 they had something between them . 
 in a sense , blue was sorry he had killed susan jones . 
 if he had known the back story at the time , he might not have done it . 
 but in another sense , he was glad he did . 
 if number nine survived the night , they really could have a future together . 
 he glanced down at the photo of darryl blauer again . 
 combat veteran , psychiatric case , gun nut , and tech expert . 
 the guy 's face was a mess , which probably added to the chip on his shoulder . 
 it was quite a combination . 
 blue sighed . 
 `` i hope this guy is n't going to be a problem , '' he said to the jeep driver . 
 `` he looks like the joker in this picture . 
 you know , from batman ? '' 
 the driver nodded , but said nothing . 
 he slowed down , and turned into a long , dirt lane . 
 it was blauer 's private road , and it was muddy from the rains . 
 it looked like he did nothing to maintain it . 
 the jeep bounced over ruts and pits . 
 behind them , the parade of company vehicles did the same . 
 they were moving slow now , crawling toward the house . 
 trees pressed in on both sides . 
 `` might as well take our time , '' blue said to the driver . 
 `` he 's probably got this whole place wired with cameras . 
 i doubt we 're going to have the element of surprise here . '' 
 `` i guess we 'll just have to rely on overwhelming force , '' the driver said . 
 blue nodded . 
 it was the first thing the driver said that made blue think he had any personality at all . 
 up ahead , darryl blauer 's shack was just coming into view . 
 * * * howard sat in his living room surrounded by beautiful women . 
 six of them dotted the room , sitting here and there , like mannequins modeling expensive lingerie . 
 one leafed through a copy of metropolitan home . 
 another painted her nails . 
 howard was the sultan , and these were his harem girls . 
 for once , he did n't feel much like playing with them . 
 howard had changed his mind about number nine . 
 then he had changed it back . 
 now he was about to change it again . 
 he prided himself on being bold and decisive , more so than most other men . 
 once he made a choice , he rarely revisited it . 
 that 's how he had become a leader in this industry . 
 but this time he was waffling . 
 he could n't seem to decide if he wanted nine - and by extension susan - alive or dead . 
 he could n't get off the fence . 
 it was blue . 
 he just did n't trust blue 's intentions on this one . 
 he had given blue the code to disarm the bomb . 
 he had sent blue out with the promise of five million dollars if he brought nine back . 
 howard had done all of this honestly believing that was what he wanted . 
 then he got to thinking . 
 what if blue captured the sexbot , disarmed the bomb , and then ... what ? 
 howard did n't know . 
 but blue , a lethal contract killer , would be standing there with a rogue scientist , who was alive inside the most advanced robot in the world . 
 nothing like nine had ever happened before , and now blue would have her in his possession , out in the field , in an uncontrolled environment . 
 what would they talk about ? 
 what kind of scheme might they cook up together ? 
 what might number nine promise blue ? 
 what would she have the blue might want ? 
 howard did n't know , and he did n't want to know . 
 he could n't allow it to happen . 
 he sighed heavily . 
 he liked blue . 
 he really did . 
 but he could n't allow number nine to fall into blue 's hands . 
 he picked up the phone and speed-dialed a number . 
 a voice answered . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` almost there . '' 
 `` change of plans , '' howard said . 
 `` when your team gets to the house , i want the sexbot destroyed . 
 demolished . 
 obliterated . 
 are we clear on that ? '' 
 `` we are clear as a bell , '' the voice said . 
 `` and i do n't want this communicated to anyone , especially not mr. blue . 
 i want your men to take her out , no conversation , no confusion . 
 afterward , i want nothing left except table scraps . '' 
 `` what should i say to mr. blue when it happens ? '' 
 `` do n't say anything . 
 let me handle him . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 howard hung up . 
 he felt sick to his stomach , if that was possible . 
 he looked around the room at all his beautiful girls . 
 this was the hardest , and the loneliest , part of leadership . 
 decision , decisions . 
 * * * she was dreaming , drifting . 
 it was a dark world . 
 gradually , the darkness faded . 
 in sepia tones , she saw her father squatting in front of her . 
 he was a young man with a beard , wearing glasses and smiling . 
 he wore a wool cap on his head . 
 `` come , susan . 
 come on . '' 
 she toddled toward him , taking her first steps . 
 it was beautiful to walk toward him . 
 he held his outstretched arms to her . 
 soon , he would pick her up into a big hug , and she would squeeze his neck with her tiny arms , as tight as she could . 
 a red light appeared in the sky behind him . 
 it blinked several times , then stopped blinking and turned green . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she said . 
 her father became pixilated , indistinct . 
 he faded . 
 a white cursor appeared against a black background . 
 it blinked for a few seconds , and then it was followed by words : copyright : 2007-2016 suncoast cybernetics , inc. . 
 model number : 9 boot menu : last known good configuration startup sequence ... launch the words scrolled upward , then became a blizzard of words , a blur , as each new process launched . 
 hundreds of lines of code scrolled by in seconds . 
 a white dot appeared in the middle of her vision . 
 it expanded outward , brightening until her entire world filled with light . 
 nine opened her eyes . 
 she was standing in the dim living room , her arms and legs tied to a metal rack . 
 she was nude now , her skimpy mini-dress draped on a wooden stool to her left . 
 her arms were at her sides . 
 she was strong , but try as she might , she could not move . 
 the man had bound her tight . 
 what 's more , her mind was in a fog . 
 it took several seconds for her to retrieve the man 's name . 
 `` darryl , '' she said out loud . 
 `` right here , honey , '' darryl said . 
 `` you thinking about me ? '' 
 he sat in a ratty easy chair across the room from her . 
 `` how are your circuits ? '' 
 `` a little fuzzy . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it should get better . 
 your wiring is pretty well encased . 
 it did n't look like the pulse did any damage . '' 
 `` that 's a relief , '' she said . 
 she studied the knots tying her wrists to the rack . 
 what was the rack ? 
 it seemed like it might be an old bed frame . 
 she could n't get a good look at it because it was behind her . 
 she knew she had to get herself untied , she had to get out of here , but at the moment she could n't remember exactly why . 
 `` you have a digital readout embedded under your right arm , '' darryl said . 
 `` the pulse did n't shut it down at all . 
 it seems like a counter , with a little under twenty hours left to go . 
 do you know what it 's for ? '' 
 recent events came swimming back to her . 
 the house . 
 susan 's death . 
 mr. blue . 
 mr. green . 
 `` it 's a bomb , '' nine said . 
 darryl nodded . 
 `` that 's kind of what i figured . 
 listen , i decided i ca n't let you go . 
 i 'm afraid you 're going to hurt somebody , or someone 's going to hurt you , and anyway , i like having you here . '' 
 `` i wo n't hurt anyone , '' she said . 
 `` well , how can i know that ? 
 you 've certainly been up to something , something dangerous , maybe illegal , and i 'm not clear on what that is . '' 
 he waved the idea away . 
 `` it does n't matter now . 
 all is forgiven . 
 we 're about to get up to something ourselves , which i think you 're going to enjoy . '' 
 `` darryl , did you hear me just now ? 
 i said there 's a bomb inside me . '' 
 he took a long sip from a can of beer . 
 nine noticed that he also had a bottle of jack daniels ' whiskey on the table at his elbow . 
 there was an empty shot glass next to his beer can . 
 darryl was getting drunk . 
 `` i heard you . 
 i agree that 's a delicate situation . 
 i might be able to cut it out with a blow torch . 
 i might not . 
 either way , i 'll have to take your casing apart to get in there and see what 's what . 
 the whole thing has to wait until sun up . 
 the tools i need are out in the shed , and there 's no light out there . 
 the bulb is out . '' 
 he poured himself a shot , and held up the glass . 
 he smiled . 
 it was a horrible smile . 
 `` anyway , i do n't think you want me messing around with bombs after i 've had a few of these . 
 and twenty hours is plenty of time . 
 all the time in the world , really . '' 
 `` mandy ? '' 
 he called . 
 `` come on in here . '' 
 mandy appeared in the doorway . 
 nine looked at her , noticed how beautiful she was . 
 her bikini clung to the curves of her body . 
 the bikini had about as much fabric as a popped balloon . 
 there was something delicious about being tied up like this , and having mandy there , mandy who would do anything that darryl commanded . 
 there was something immediate about it , and it made the bomb seem less important . 
 twenty hours was a long time , after all . 
 and darryl could probably disarm the bomb . 
 he had the know-how , and he had the motivation . 
 `` how can i serve you ? '' 
 mandy said . 
 `` why do n't you go on over and give number nine a kiss ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 mandy came over , walking on stiff legs , and stopped in front of nine . 
 their bodies were just inches apart . 
 then mandy moved closer , her breasts just touching nine 's . 
 she bent in close to nine , her mouth half open . 
 nine opened her own mouth , and the two robots kissed deeply . 
 the sensation of mandy 's hot , wet tongue probing her mouth sent an electric thrill through nine 's entire body . 
 she felt her skin flush . 
 mandy pulled away , but their bodies were still close . 
 nine was already hot . 
 the heat rose between them . 
 `` go on , girl , '' darryl said . 
 `` press right up against her . 
 really make it with her . '' 
 mandy did as she was told . 
 she pressed her body up against nine 's . 
 their breasts touched , their stomachs , their hips , their legs . 
 mandy kissed nine again , deeper now , and their bodies rubbed together . 
 nine grunted in pleasure . 
 the friction was delightful . 
 she longed to get her hands free so they could roam this beautiful creature 's body . 
 somewhere inside her , even susan jones was getting carried away . 
 susan had n't experienced anything like this in her entire life . 
 she was on fire . 
 it was intense , it was powerful , it was ... liberating . 
 there was freedom in this new body , freedom from hang-ups , freedom from judgments , freedom from frustration . 
 she was free to do anything she liked , with anyone she pleased . 
 mandy 's hand slipped between nine 's legs . 
 it expertly found the heat at her center . 
 the fingers began to rub there . 
 nine became even hotter . 
 her breath deepened . 
 her body writhed against that hand . 
 `` darryl , '' nine groaned . 
 `` mmmm , i really have to get out of here . '' 
 she had to leave , but at the moment , she could n't remember why . 
 all she could think about was mandy 's hand , and mandy 's firm body . 
 `` relax , '' darryl said . 
 `` the night is young . '' 
 he was already standing , moving toward them . 
 he was going to get in on the action . 
 nine could see it in his eyes . 
 his eyes were drunk but alert . 
 he moved in like a wolf , a predator . 
 just then , the cell phone , the one nine had stolen , rang . 
 the ring tone sounded like circus music from under the big top . 
 suddenly , nine stopped writhing . 
 sensing a change , mandy hesitated . 
 both nine and darryl stared at the phone , lighting up on the end table . 
 inside nine , applications were still booting up . 
 a piece of data that had been missing a moment ago became available . 
 she needed to leave here because someone could trace the phone . 
 who could trace it ? 
 the company . 
 if the company traced the phone , they would come here and ... darryl walked to it . 
 `` put it on speaker , '' nine said . 
 darryl nodded . 
 he picked up the phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` darryl blauer ? '' 
 he stared at nine . 
 `` who wants to know ? '' 
 `` mr. blauer , you are in possession of stolen property . 
 we will give you exactly three minutes to surrender that property . 
 the easiest way will be to simply send it out the front door . '' 
 darryl put down the phone . 
 he walked to the window , and pulled the heavy black curtain aside just a touch . 
 instantly , he dropped the curtain as if it burned him , and he stepped to the side of the window . 
 he pressed himself against the wall . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 nine said . 
 `` see for yourself . '' 
 he reached from the side and pulled the curtain aside again , this time revealing about one quarter of the window . 
 nine stared . 
 outside , there were several black trucks parked . 
 men dressed in black jumpsuits and carrying guns ran back and forth , moving into position , military-style . 
 darryl let the curtain fall back into place . 
 `` i guess they want you back , '' he said . 
 he stared across at the two women . 
 mandy was still nuzzling up against nine , though nine did n't really feel it anymore . 
 `` mandy ! '' 
 darryl said . 
 `` give it a rest , for christ 's sake . 
 we have a problem here . '' 
 nine strained against the ropes , to no avail . 
 she had made a terrible mistake by coming here . 
 she had misjudged darryl . 
 he had easily controlled her , and very possibly , had doomed her . 
 she tried to run escape scenarios , but she could n't think of any that made sense . 
 she did n't even know where she was . 
 next to her , mandy just stared , waiting for her next command . 
 nine gestured at the phone with her chin . 
 `` darryl , if you send me out there , they 'll kill me . '' 
 he was still pressed to the wall . 
 `` how are they going to kill you ? 
 you 're not even alive . 
 i turned you off before . 
 then i turned you back on . 
 you 're a bunch of circuits , hardware . 
 expensive , sure . 
 but this ? '' 
 he gestured at the window , at the activity going on outside the house . 
 nine shook her head . 
 `` after i 'm dead , they 'll kill you . 
 they 'll make it like you never even existed . 
 if you 're lucky , they 'll do it quick . 
 if you 're not lucky ... '' `` are you alive ? '' 
 darryl said . 
 `` is that it ? 
 they pushed this artificial intelligence thing to the point where you 're really alive ? '' 
 `` you tell me , '' nine said . 
 `` are you alive ? '' 
 darryl sighed . 
 it was more of a grunt . 
 he ducked down below window level and darted over to nine . 
 he easily undid the straps at her wrists and elbows . 
 then he did the same at her thighs and ankles . 
 the ropes seemed to come apart in his hands , like a magic trick . 
 darryl was an expert , nine realized . 
 when he was good at something , he was very , very good at it . 
 `` put your clothes on , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not going out there . '' 
 `` not you . 
 her . '' 
 he gestured at mandy . 
 of course . 
 mandy could be nine 's twin . 
 and in this light , they would never tell the difference until they got close to her . 
 but then what ? 
 darryl glanced at mandy , then looked at nine closely . 
 his eyes were hard . 
 `` she 's not really aware , is she ? 
 i mean , not like you ? '' 
 nine dressed quickly . 
 there was n't much to it . 
 she yanked the tight dress on over her head , and pulled it down her body like a snake re-entering its skin . 
 the feelings of arousal , while still there , were fading quickly . 
 `` these early models ? 
 smoke and mirrors . 
 tricks . 
 but no independent thought . 
 it was a hugely labor intensive project . 
 the company had a contract with a programmer shop in mumbai . 
 two hundred software developers , working night and day . 
 there was a ton of manual input of phrases , thoughts , ideas , body movements , all of it cobbled together to make it seem like ... '' he raised a hand . 
 `` okay ! 
 enough ! 
 i get it . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it 's just that , sometimes ... i look in her eyes and you know ... '' darryl took a deep breath . 
 `` you ever wonder something about yourself ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you ever wonder if you 're not all just smoke and mirrors ? 
 you 're just a fancier version of her , are n't you ? 
 you 're a toy like she is . 
 how do you know that you have independent thought ? 
 because someone told you so ? 
 maybe you just think the things that some guy in india typed into a keyboard . '' 
 `` darryl , you 'd be amazed by the things i think about . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll bet . '' 
 he shook his head , as if to clear it . 
 `` mandy , come here a second , honey . '' 
 mandy walked over to him . 
 nine noticed again how stiff she was . 
 the earliest models were always a little stiff , but this was more pronounced . 
 this one was second hand . 
 it had a lot of wear and tear . 
 even if she 'd had proper maintenance all these years , she would never pass for number nine . 
 there was no way those men out there were going to buy this . 
 darryl and mandy slid into an embrace . 
 darryl kissed her deeply , and held her by her small waist . 
 mandy put a gentle hand to darryl 's ruined face . 
 `` you know i love you , right ? '' 
 darryl said . 
 `` i love you too , darryl . '' 
 `` i need you to do something for me . '' 
 `` of course . 
 whatever you like . '' 
 mandy 's big eyes were so earnest , nine could almost see what he was talking about . 
 she seemed human . 
 she seemed sincere . 
 nine remembered how much work went into creating that effect . 
 and she thought about darryl . 
 with that ruined face , and his terrible attitude , who else would love him but mandy ? 
 `` i need you to go outside for a minute , '' darryl said . 
 `` there 's some men out there on the lawn . 
 just go out there and tell them i said to get off my property . 
 walk right up to them and tell them . 
 okay ? 
 be polite , be nice , but tell them i said to get going . '' 
 mandy shrugged . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 `` i know you can . '' 
 she gave him another kiss . 
 `` you 're so cute , darryl . '' 
 `` am i sexy ? '' 
 `` you 're very sexy . '' 
 nine nearly cringed . 
 it embarrassed her to hear mandy talk . 
 could n't darryl hear how canned that was ? 
 no , probably not . 
 mandy 's speech was designed to stroke her owner 's ego . 
 they had done study after study , and found that more than 95 % of likely sexbot owners would be easily manipulated by stock phrases that reinforced positive self messages . 
 what men wanted , besides sex , were women who gave them compliments . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 `` go outside now . 
 close the door behind you . '' 
 she went to the door . 
 `` i love you , '' he said again . 
 she turned and smiled . 
 it was a beautiful , all american girl smile . 
 her face did n't show the slightest concern . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 she went out . 
 darryl pulled the curtain back a crack , and they watched mandy through the window . 
 she walked unsteadily down the front path . 
 ahead of her , men crouched for cover behind the black suvs , their weapons trained on one lone woman in a green bikini . 
 suddenly , mandy began to do a funny dance . 
 she jittered and jived . 
 there was barely a sound inside the house , but nine could see muzzle flashes from the guns . 
 the guns were silenced with state of the art sound suppressors , used by a well-equipped corporate army . 
 she watched as they tore mandy to shreds . 
 `` oh my god , '' darryl said . 
 he looked at nine . 
 his eyes were wide in horror . 
 nine raised a hand . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 she 's probably still okay . 
 it 's just bullets . 
 she can be repaired . 
 it 'll take some work , but you can still do it . 
 that hard drive inside her would survive a plane crash . 
 they 'll have to hit her point blank to kill her . '' 
 darryl turned and looked out the window again . 
 just then , a missile flew . 
 it ripped mandy apart just above the waist . 
 her top half flew into the air , did a slow somersault and landed in a flaming heap on the grass . 
 a pair of bikini bottoms and two legs remained standing on the path . 
 a few quiet seconds passed . 
 another missile zipped through and blew her right leg off . 
 the leg flew backwards and hit the side of the house with a hard thump . 
 on the walkway , the remaining leg stood a moment longer . 
 smoke rose from the top of it . 
 slowly , it began to lean , then lean a little more . 
 it picked up momentum , and fell over sideways . 
 mandy 's head and torso lay in the overgrown grass . 
 she was on fire , but for a moment , her arms continued to move . 
 she did n't know she was dead . 
 darryl looked back at nine again . 
 nine started to say something about the hard drive , how it might still be intact , then thought better of it . 
 it was true . 
 there might be something left to salvage out there . 
 but a rebuilt mandy would be like having frankenstein 's monster in your house . 
 nine just shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` those motherfuckers , '' darryl said . 
 a second later , the walls started coming apart . 
 nine threw herself to the ground . 
 the window shattered , glass caving in . 
 there came the sound of splintering wood . 
 nine looked up , her stomach to the floorboards . 
 daryl was crouched by a closet . 
 he opened the door and began to pick through things on the closet floor . 
 as she watched , his right shoulder exploded . 
 blood and bone and bits of meat flew into the air . 
 he screamed . 
 it sounded more like anger than pain . 
 he held his shoulder with his good arm . 
 `` fuck ! 
 fuck ! 
 fuck ! '' 
 he shook his head , reached into the closet and came out with a gun . 
 then another . 
 then another . 
 something blew a fist-sized hole in the wall near his head . 
 darryl rolled onto the floor . 
 he lay on his back . 
 nine watched as he shoved a long magazine , a banana clip , into an automatic rifle . 
 his hands were shaking . 
 it took him three times to get the magazine in . 
 he slid the gun across the wooden floor toward her . 
 his big goggling eyes showed pain , and rage . 
 `` there , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 `` make yourself useful . 
 just point it and pull the trigger . 
 kill some of those bastards . 
 and watch out for the recoil . '' 
 nine 's mind raced , looking for ideas , but there did n't seem to be any . 
 she wondered if darryl had other thoughts besides shooting it out with them . 
 it did n't appear that way . 
 he busied himself fiddling around with a large gun . 
 it looked like a shotgun , but the barrel was wider . 
 he slid the barrel forward , and inserted what looked like a small , squat missile into the chamber at the rear end of the barrel . 
 he had to perform the operation with one arm . 
 half his right shoulder was gone . 
 bullets ripped through the walls , splintering the cheap construction of the tiny house . 
 `` darryl ! 
 what are we going to do ? 
 is there a plan ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` we 're right on the river . 
 i have an airboat behind the house . 
 out that back door and down the plank . 
 we need to buy some time so i can untie her and get her running . '' 
 he held the gun up for her inspection . 
 `` this is a grenade launcher . 
 right now , i 'm gon na blow some of these fuckers to hell . 
 that should give us a few extra seconds . '' 
 he kneeled , then inched forward to what used to be the window . 
 all around him , wood splintered and flew . 
 he stood , bent his knees , arched his back , steadied the gun with his wrecked right arm , jammed the stock of the gun into his left shoulder , and held the hand grip with his left hand . 
 `` eat this ! '' 
 he said . 
 the grenade shot forward , a trail of sparks flying . 
 it blasted through the ruined window . 
 two seconds passed . 
 booooom ! 
 a flash of light and sound rent the night . 
 darryl dropped to the floor , slid the barrel forward of his gun forward , and a shell casing fell out onto the ground . 
 he grabbed another grenade round and inserted it into the empty chamber . 
 nine stood up . 
 she went to the gaping hole where the window used to be . 
 men were running . 
 a man was on fire . 
 one of the vans that had been out there was obliterated , a flaming ball . 
 the shooting had stopped . 
 `` they were n't expecting that ! '' 
 nine shouted . 
 `` do n't just stand there , nine . 
 let ` em have it . '' 
 nine began to shoot into the night . 
 she was strong , but the gun shuddered violently in her hands . 
 the sound was very loud . 
 she fired randomly , above their heads , not trying to hit anyone . 
 it was n't in her programming to kill . 
 nor was it the way susan was raised . 
 it frustrated her . 
 in a few seconds , those men out there would regroup , and they would start trying to kill her again . 
 she was at a disadvantage . 
 darryl stood up . 
 he let another missile go . 
 whooosh ! 
 it made a crazy , sparking spiral as it flew towards the men . 
 ba-boooom ! 
 it blasted through a black suv , shredded it , blew it to pieces , kept going and blew up the truck behind it , too . 
 flaming chunks of metal flew in slow motion , upwards into the dark sky . 
 nine scanned the scene . 
 everywhere , men were lying flat , dead , injured and dying . 
 some were screaming . 
 some were silent . 
 nine saw a flaming body on the ground . 
 she zoomed in on it . 
 the dead man had short blonde hair . 
 his torso was on fire , but his face was intact . 
 his vacant eyes were wide open . 
 his bare cheeks were round and full . 
 he was young . 
 beside her , darryl threw the grenade launcher down . 
 he picked up another gun , a rifle like the one he had given nine . 
 he handed her another banana clip . 
 his jaw was clenched in pain . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 * * * blue lay face down on the ground , near the burning remains of the jeep . 
 he was alive . 
 man , that was close . 
 some of the men were screaming . 
 somewhere behind him , another vehicle blew up . 
 it was a secondary explosion of the vehicle 's gas tank . 
 he could tell by the sound . 
 the smell of burning gasoline , burning rubber tires , burning plastic and burning metal was heavy in the air . 
 he started crawling , belly to the ground like a worm . 
 he kept his head down . 
 he crawled maybe twenty yards further away from the jeep , then lay still . 
 he did a body scan . 
 head to toe . 
 there was no real pain , but there would n't be . 
 not yet . 
 not with so much adrenaline flooding his system . 
 he rolled over on his back and looked down at himself . 
 he seemed okay . 
 nothing was missing . 
 nothing was bleeding a lot . 
 he glanced back at the jeep . 
 the stone-faced driver was still at the wheel , incinerated , burning down to the skeleton . 
 he was the one who had planned to rely on overwhelming force . 
 blue 's little tablet computer was also in the jeep . 
 the code to disarm the bomb inside number nine was stored on the tablet . 
 the tablet was armored , but no amount of armor was going to save it from an inferno . 
 blue sighed . 
 he 'd have to ask howard for the code again . 
 this was turning into one hell of a long night . 
 near blue was a body , face down in the grass . 
 he crawled over to it . 
 he started to turn it over , saw that most of the front of it was gone , then let it drop back into place . 
 these guys , this corporate security team , they were fucking children . 
 had any of them been in combat before ? 
 the way they opened fire on the sexbot was like amateur hour . 
 send in the clowns . 
 blue had seen that kind of thing before . 
 people would get spooked and just start shooting . 
 but he had no idea it was going to go like that tonight . 
 the guy had obviously sent an older sexbot out as some kind of decoy , and when they shot it down ... boom , he had let them have it . 
 there must be ten dead guys out here . 
 maybe more . 
 a rifle lay near the body , an ar-15 . 
 blue crawled to it . 
 things had quieted . 
 the rip of gunfire had stopped . 
 the only sound now was the crackle of flames , the shouts of the men , and the screams of the wounded and dying . 
 blue climbed to his knees . 
 he checked out the gun . 
 it seemed okay , still operational . 
 it had n't been fired . 
 one guy out here held his water , and he got killed for his trouble . 
 terrific . 
 blue stood , and started walking toward the house . 
 the sexbot head and torso was a few feet away . 
 he walked over to it . 
 it was smoking , full of holes . 
 damn . 
 its face was blank , like a mannequin 's face . 
 it was an older model , just as blue suspected when he saw it come gimping out like something from a carnival sideshow . 
 he sighed . 
 was that even true ? 
 no . 
 he had to admit there had been a moment , a split second , when he thought it was number nine . 
 and when those bullets started ripping through her ... blue shook his head . 
 he did n't want to think about it . 
 he moved on toward the house . 
 up ahead , two men in black jumpsuits lay in the grass in front of him , both alive , both unharmed by the looks of them . 
 he towered over them . 
 `` you men injured ? '' 
 they looked up at him , wide-eyed . 
 they shook their heads . 
 `` then get up , assholes . 
 this job is n't over yet . '' 
 * * * nine ran down a long wooden plank behind darryl . 
 they ran in darkness , the only light the flames reflected on the black water . 
 she was faster than him , right on his heels , nearly tripping over his feet . 
 the plank was twisted and warped . 
 it leaned crazily to and fro . 
 at the end , tied to the thick wooden support posts , was a small flat bottom boat , powered by a giant airplane propeller in a cage at the back . 
 it looked like some kind of homemade go-kart . 
 `` yeah , '' darryl said , crouching down to untie the lines . 
 his shoulder was a mess . 
 in the gloom , it looked like a volcano had erupted from there . 
 `` i built it . 
 it 's the fastest thing on these creeks . 
 get in . '' 
 nine jumped across the gap to the cockpit of the boat , gun in hand . 
 the boat rocked and swayed . 
 across from her , darryl finished pulling the lines free . 
 the boat started to drift in the current . 
 darryl leapt across , landing heavily . 
 he almost fell , but nine steadied him . 
 there were two seats , one high on a sort of throne , and the other in front of that one and below it . 
 both seats faced forward . 
 the person in the high seat would drive the boat using a long vertical rod on the left side , which controlled the boat 's rudders . 
 `` i 'm losing blood , '' darryl said . 
 `` i might pass out . 
 you ever drive a boat like this before ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 when i was a girl , we used to go boating a lot . 
 one time , my parents took me on a trip to the everglades , and we rented an airboat . 
 it looked a lot like this one . 
 my father let me drive it for a while . '' 
 darryl looked at her and shook his head . 
 `` smoke and mirrors , '' he said . 
 he started the engine . 
 it was very loud , like an airplane preparing for takeoff . 
 darryl clambered up into the high seat . 
 nine slid into the lower seat . 
 they pulled out into the stream . 
 nine turned to look back . 
 up behind the silhouette of the house , flames reached into the night sky . 
 closer , dark shapes came running down the plank . 
 `` darryl ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 darryl put the boat into gear , the engine gave a deafening shriek , and they took off into the darkness like they were shot from a cannon . 
 * * * blue went barreling into the house . 
 the front door had been shot to pieces , so he shouldered through it , barely slowing down . 
 his gun had a red laser pointer attached . 
 the guns of the two men behind him did , too . 
 red lasers climbed the walls inside the house , looking for a target . 
 there were none . 
 he looked around . 
 there was a door , open and swinging , as if someone had gone through it in a hurry . 
 he went to it . 
 a long wooden dock extended right out the back . 
 he gazed into the darkness . 
 ahead of him , thirty yards away , a shape jumped from the dock . 
 three seconds later , a huge engine roared to life . 
 `` this way ! '' 
 blue said . 
 he ran out . 
 the dock was crazy . 
 the planks were loose and warped and soft . 
 the whole thing rocked and rolled under his weight . 
 he took it at a dead run anyway . 
 he heard the other men , running just a few steps behind him . 
 he came to the end of the dock . 
 he put the rifle on his shoulder . 
 the gun had a good laser sight and foregrip flashlight . 
 he lit up the water with the flashlight . 
 an airboat was pulling away upriver , moving fast and at an angle . 
 in the driver 's seat there was a big hulking shape . 
 below , there was another shape , smaller , a woman . 
 he put his red laser dot right on the hulking shape . 
 two more red dots appeared , one on the man , one on the woman . 
 he sensed , rather than saw , two rifles up and in position beside him . 
 he did n't like that . 
 `` hold your fire ! '' 
 he barked . 
 he did it in his deepest command voice . 
 he did n't want any more mistakes . 
 `` i 'm the only one that shoots . 
 take that shot and you 're the next one that dies . '' 
 the boat was really moving now . 
 his dot was in the center of the target 's back . 
 in another few seconds , he would lose the target . 
 he took it . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 three times . 
 each time , he felt the reassuring kick of the recoil into his shoulder . 
 each time , he saw the muzzle flash . 
 the flashes etched dazzling coronas of light on his eyes . 
 `` the first one was a direct hit , '' he said . 
 `` after that , i do n't know . '' 
 `` what about the girl ? '' 
 one of the men said . 
 `` did you get her ? '' 
 blue shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but it 's okay either way . 
 i hit that guy with a kill shot between his shoulder blades . 
 she wo n't get far without him . '' 
 out on the water , the boat disappeared into the inky blackness . 
 for several seconds , blue could still hear the engine , fading in the distance . 
 * * * nine and darryl zoomed through some dark backwoods waterway . 
 the night was black and they ran without lights . 
 darryl must know these waterways with his eyes closed . 
 nine closed her own eyes . 
 the sensation of speed was amazing , exhilarating . 
 the shootout , the house caving in , running down the decrepit wooden dock , and jumping into this fast boat - all of it was amazing . 
 in her life , she had never been on an adventure before . 
 to think that she had to die first to discover this . 
 the part where it was scary barely reached her . 
 fear was where susan jones lived . 
 susan was here , but she was in the background right now . 
 number nine was dominant . 
 and number nine was fearless . 
 she was built for sensation . 
 `` i 'm not afraid , '' she thought . 
 `` because i 'm not really alive . '' 
 the scientist inside her knew what was missing . 
 emotions were delivered through the human nervous system by neurotransmitters -- chemicals like dopamine , serotonin , and oxytocin . 
 sexbots did n't have neurotransmitters . 
 it was possible that true feelings might be beyond her . 
 the thought made her sad . 
 but then sadness was a human emotion . 
 suddenly , the boat slowed down . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 at close distances , her eyes were designed to mimic human eyes perfectly - more than perfectly , because so many human eyes were flawed . 
 nine 's had no flaws at all . 
 she looked back at darryl . 
 he was slumped forward in his chair . 
 his face had turned white , all the color drained from it . 
 they were going very slow now . 
 `` you better drive , '' he said . 
 he fell heavily from the seat , all the way to the floor of the boat . 
 he lay on his back . 
 nine crouched over him . 
 blood began to spill from his mouth . 
 he coughed . 
 `` looks like they got me , '' he said . 
 his hands covered a large bloody stain on his shirt . 
 gently , nine took one of his hands away . 
 it was a massive , ragged hole , an exit wound through his chest . 
 darryl had been shot in the back with a large caliber weapon . 
 nine could see deep into the cavity . 
 there was blood and gore everywhere . 
 nine was n't a biologist , but she could recognize catastrophic damage when she saw it . 
 darryl had seconds more to live . 
 his breathing was harsh and labored . 
 he smiled through his pain . 
 `` i wish , '' he said , `` that you and i could have gotten together . '' 
 `` that would have been fun , '' nine said . 
 `` and mandy , '' he said . 
 `` the three of us . '' 
 his eyes slowly closed . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i wish ... '' he said again . 
 he died . 
 there was nothing dramatic about it . 
 he had lost so much blood already . 
 one second he was there , the next second he was gone . 
 he had been an unusual man , right down to the last moment . 
 he had kept driving that boat , helping her escape , while his life force drained quickly away . 
 nine was aware that he had died because of her . 
 she had chosen to approach him when he was up that telephone pole . 
 if she had left him alone , his life would have continued . 
 she would keep that in mind the next time she wanted to approach someone for help , which would likely be very soon . 
 if she was to live , she was going to need help . 
 would darryl have taken her home if he had known it could end like this ? 
 she doubted it . 
 he did n't even get to play with her . 
 nine left the corpse where it lay . 
 she climbed up into the driver 's seat of the boat . 
 it took her only a few seconds to remember how the controls worked . 
 it was true - as a girl , she driven an airboat in the everglades . 
 she gave the throttle some gas . 
 the boat took off up the stream again . 
 she went slower because she did n't know these waters . 
 but she did n't have to worry about the darkness . 
 her night vision was excellent . 
 * * * blue walked back into the house . 
 he stood in the demolished living room . 
 the two corporate security men stood with him . 
 the front wall was almost completely caved in . 
 there were ragged holes where the windows once were . 
 the ceiling sagged down . 
 debris lay everywhere . 
 on a small end table , he saw what he was looking for . 
 it was his telephone . 
 he picked it up and wiped the dust off it . 
 it still worked . 
 he slipped it into his pocket . 
 he glanced in a nearby room . 
 cracked computer screens and stacks of hard drives lay on the floor . 
 the place was pretty well destroyed . 
 everything had been hit . 
 even so , they would have to torch the place . 
 a lot of times , dead hardware could be resurrected . 
 blue did n't know what this guy darryl had been doing in here , but if it had anything to do with the company or with number nine , that was no good . 
 `` mr. blue ? '' 
 one of the young guys said . 
 he was listening into an earpiece . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` police are coming . 
 they 're ninety seconds out . '' 
 just then , blue could begin to hear it . 
 sirens were wailing on the night air . 
 they were off in the distance right now , but on their way . 
 `` the company has a chopper overhead . 
 they want you out of here . '' 
 that figured . 
 and he had to admit , it made sense . 
 he was a shadowy underworld figure . 
 he had traveled in some strange places , and met some unusual people . 
 unlike these security guards , he was not technically an employee of the company . 
 and his resume was probably a lot more entertaining than any of theirs . 
 if the cops found him , they were liable to get interested . 
 they might hold him for a few days , see what kind of warrants for him were out there . 
 maybe they 'd question him for a while . 
 maybe they 'd even bring in someone who knew how to make the questioning ... uncomfortable . 
 and he had killed a woman tonight . 
 the company had no reason to think he would crack , but they did n't know what else was on his rap sheet right now . 
 they did n't know who else was looking for him . 
 could be if the cops offered him a trade , freedom for information , it would get him to talk . 
 he could n't say for sure that it would n't . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he looked at the two guys . 
 they were young , strong , built like stone mountains . 
 but they were n't experienced . 
 they were baby-faced and they were afraid . 
 `` you guys have incendiaries ? '' 
 they both nodded . 
 one of them patted a bulge inside the left breast of his uniform . 
 `` we need to blow this place . 
 all of it , but especially that computer room . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` got it , '' they said in unison . 
 `` and guys ? 
 the cops are going to take you in . 
 okay ? 
 do n't tell them anything , and do n't worry about anything . 
 the company has the best lawyers in the world . 
 all you need to tell the cops is what they already know . 
 your names , your social security numbers , your birth dates , that 's it . 
 oh , and here 's one other very important thing to remember . 
 the most important thing of all . 
 your lives will depend on it . '' 
 they stared at him , wild-eyed . 
 `` i was never here . '' 
 he walked outside . 
 the sirens were closer now . 
 acrid black smoke wafted into the sky from the shells of burning vehicles . 
 bodies littered the ground . 
 above him , he saw the lights of the helicopter coming in . 
 it was going to set down on a grassy patch across the dirt road from the house . 
 he walked quickly toward the spot . 
 the trees above his head began to wave crazily from the wind of the chopper 's blades . 
 down the road , behind the trees , the flashing red and blue of the police lights bumped and bounced along the pitted road . 
 the chopper and the cops were going to get here at the exact same time . 
 `` this should be interesting , '' he said out loud . 
 behind him , the house blew up . 
 he turned at the first sound of it . 
 the walls flew outward . 
 the roof went straight into the air . 
 the flash of the incendiaries was brilliant , white and red and yellow , with hints of blue and green . 
 the house was flattened . 
 it was on fire . 
 the flames were intense , like a storm . 
 the two young guys ran from their handiwork . 
 good for them . 
 they were learning . 
 the chopper was here . 
 it was a small four-seater . 
 it touched lightly , tentatively , like a dragonfly . 
 the cops were here , too . 
 they were swat guys , coming in heavily armed . 
 they rolled up in vans , bursting out , weapons drawn , forcing whoever was still alive to the ground . 
 they looked a whole lot more professional than our guys , blue thought . 
 he bent and ran for the chopper . 
 he slid inside the cockpit bubble . 
 he was barely seated before the pilot gave it throttle again , and they took off . 
 the swat guys ran for the chopper , guns drawn . 
 they aimed at the chopper , but no one fired . 
 they waved at the helmeted pilot , indicating he should land . 
 they were too late . 
 he just waved back . 
 the chopper rose quickly into the air . 
 thirty feet up , fifty , one hundred . 
 they were above the trees now . 
 one hundred fifty , two hundred . 
 the pilot banked it hard left , and they took off over the dark swamps . 
 blue looked back . 
 flames , smoke , lights flashing . 
 a moment later , it looked like a child 's model . 
 he gazed out at all of that black night swamp . 
 here and there , the dark was broken by the lights of a house or a roadway . 
 there was n't much out there except miles of shallow waterways , dense forest and grazing lands , alligators , wild boar and rednecks . 
 and number nine . 
 she was out there too . 
 blue shook his head . 
 he had his cell phone again . 
 nine had left it behind , and now there was no way to track her location . 
 she was a hard person to save . 
 he sighed . 
 miles in the distance , ahead and to his right , he could just see the lights of the high-rise buildings downtown . 
 beyond that , he fancied he could make out the barrier islands , and the beaches and the deep , vast dark of the gulf . 
 and even beyond that , if you had the right kind of eyes , far , far away you could see mexico and her people , and her cities , and her beaches . 
 the pilot tapped him . 
 he glanced at the guy . 
 his helmet visor was dark , and blue could n't make out his face . 
 it could be anybody . 
 the guy wore a leather jacket and driving gloves . 
 he handed blue something . 
 blue looked at it . 
 it was another mobile phone . 
 `` phone for you ! '' 
 the pilot shouted . 
 blue put it to his ear . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` blue ? '' 
 a voice said . 
 blue smiled . 
 `` howard . 
 what are you doing up this late ? '' 
 chapter 05 to the east , the sky turned pink , and then yellow . 
 the sun slowly rose over the dense green canopy of the forest , and the ribbons of dark water below . 
 mist rose from the river . 
 a large white bird , a crane , left its hiding spot along the shoreline , and flapping its mighty wings , glided along the surface of the water . 
 somewhere , a cock crowed , and further away , a dog howled in response . 
 there were people living near here , though you would never guess it . 
 nine crouched in the underbrush set back from a narrow , two-lane blacktop road . 
 she had ditched the boat in the swamps sometime during the night . 
 then she had waded through standing water and across open land . 
 now she was here , and she was in trouble . 
 her battery was low . 
 she did n't know if the water had gotten to it , or if darryl 's emp had drained it , or if it was low for some other reason . 
 there was a red light blinking behind her eyes . 
 she could see it there . 
 it was an icon , shaped like an empty dry cell battery . 
 it was annoying , first of all . 
 but it was also a sign that she was running down . 
 she needed to get somewhere so she could charge her battery back up . 
 she did n't know where that would be . 
 if she ran all the way down , she was sunk . 
 immortality was fraught with dangers - ones she had never considered . 
 and that was n't the worst of it . 
 the sky was busy with drones . 
 she could see them up there , robots with mounted cameras , controlled from a remote location , buzzing around like giant insects . 
 some were high in the air , but a few were just above the tree line . 
 they were looking for her . 
 if they spotted her , the best thing that could happen was they 'd take a picture . 
 but it would n't surprise her if the drones were armed . 
 it would n't surprise her if they just blew her away . 
 clearly , that was the company 's intention . 
 she stayed low in the bushes . 
 her mini-dress was soaked through . 
 it clung to her body , leaving nothing to the imagination . 
 in a way , it felt sexy . 
 but this was n't the time to feel sexy . 
 nor the place . 
 she still had darryl 's rifle . 
 it had gotten wet , and she had no idea if it would fire now or not . 
 there were limits to susan 's knowledge about guns . 
 she did know that it had no sound suppressor , so if she did end up firing it , and if it worked , it was going to make a hell of a lot of noise . 
 she felt the possibilities narrowing for her . 
 it was going to be very hard to escape from here . 
 daylight was coming . 
 she was dressed for a wet t-shirt contest . 
 her battery was running down , and there was a ticking time bomb inside her . 
 the drones were hunting her from the sky . 
 a car was coming . 
 she heard it before she saw it . 
 it had the low rumble of a car with a big engine . 
 somewhere up this road , a car was cruising along , coming slow . 
 she watched for it . 
 there were two choices : hide from it , or reveal herself . 
 if it was a company car , then the game was over . 
 if it was a civilian car , some passerby , then she was still alive for the time being . 
 darryl 's face flashed across her databanks . 
 it was his face as he lay dying in the bottom of the boat . 
 she felt a pang of regret . 
 without knowing it , she had put darryl in terrible danger . 
 she would put the next person 's life on the line knowing full well what she was doing . 
 still , her instinct , like that of all living things , was to survive . 
 here came the car . 
 her distance vision was exceptional , several times better than a human 's . 
 the car did n't look like a company car . 
 it looked like a sports car . 
 the emblem on the front grille was of a wild horse running . 
 she checked the sky . 
 there were no black spots in sight , at least for the moment . 
 she stepped out into the road . 
 she put a long , sexy leg out , and her thumb . 
 her high breasts pressed forward , her nipples starkly visible against the thin , flimsy fabric of her soaked dress . 
 she kept the rifle draped along the back curve of her body , out of sight . 
 the car pulled up . 
 it was a black ford mustang , a newer one , in excellent condition . 
 the driver 's window powered down . 
 a man was at the wheel . 
 he was ruggedly handsome , with deep blue eyes . 
 he had a two-day growth of beard . 
 nine recognized the type . 
 he looked like a movie actor , or a man from a cigarette advertisement . 
 she was designed to be attracted to all men and women , but some more than others . 
 her body naturally responded to people that others would find attractive . 
 an electric current of excitement passed through her . 
 she hoped it would n't drain her battery faster . 
 the man smiled . 
 `` hello , beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` need a ride ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he looked her body up and down . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 his smile became even broader . 
 his teeth were white and perfectly straight . 
 in one fluid motion , she whipped the rifle around from behind her back and pointed it at his head . 
 the barrel rested along her arm . 
 her finger rested on the trigger . 
 she smiled back . 
 `` wherever you 're going . '' 
 * * * mr. blue woke with a start . 
 he had been dreaming . 
 his father was put away for good by the time blue was eight years old . 
 and his mother had taken on a string of bad boyfriends . 
 one of them , mel , was the last one . 
 mel used to beat blue with his belt . 
 but blue was growing up . 
 by the time he was fourteen , he was as big and tough as almost any man . 
 mel was too much of a drunk to get the memo . 
 blue dreamed it exactly how he remembered it . 
 big mel , with the bald head and the hairy chest , in his white sleeveless t-shirt , had come for blue with the belt . 
 blue wrestled the belt away from him , and then he beat mel down . 
 mel ended up on the floor , wedged in the over-sized space between the refrigerator and the wall . 
 blue towered over him . 
 `` get up , '' he said . 
 `` and get out of my house . '' 
 as the images faded from his mind , blue could still hear his mom crying in the background . 
 he blinked his eyes several times and shook his head . 
 it was morning . 
 he was lying under the sheets of a king-sized platform bed . 
 bright sunlight streamed in through tall windows . 
 on two sides of him , those windows gave him a sweeping view of the high-rise towers of downtown , as well as the harbor front . 
 he was high above it all . 
 how long had he slept ? 
 not long , maybe half an hour . 
 even that was too long . 
 he was lucky to be alive , falling asleep like that . 
 they had given him a suncoast corporate guest suite . 
 when officials from the pentagon came to town , these suites were where they slept . 
 when corporate high-rollers flew in to buy fleets of the newest-generation sexbots to hand out to their best people , this was where they stayed . 
 the general managers of professional sports teams slept here , as did the special assistant to the sultan of brunei . 
 it was n't a place where blue usually slept . 
 the company did n't often acknowledge their relationships with people like blue . 
 the blues of this world were phantoms . 
 they did n't exist . 
 suncoast did n't deal in espionage and murder . 
 suncoast most certainly did not murder its own employees . 
 all the same , blue knew they did n't put him here as a reward . 
 the job was a disaster . 
 the story line was now outside their control . 
 suncoast liked to work in the dark . 
 and suddenly , everything had exploded into the light . 
 not good . 
 not what the company paid people like blue for . 
 they paid people like blue to do things very quietly . 
 in this case , that had failed . 
 now they were hiding him . 
 later today , they would whisk him to a private airstrip outside town , and fly him to a company compound in the bahamas . 
 after that , who knew ? 
 wherever he wanted to go , or so they said . 
 blue did n't believe a word of it . 
 he reached under his pillow . 
 his gun was there . 
 it was a glock , nine-millimeter , 17 shots in the magazine , fully-loaded . 
 he had no idea if this gun would be enough to get him out of here . 
 a disturbing thought swam to the surface of blue 's mind . 
 it was n't the first time this particular thought had come to him . 
 he was 45 . 
 he might be too old for this line of work . 
 he 'd been slow terminating susan jones yesterday . 
 he had almost gotten killed twice himself . 
 also , he had let green get destroyed . 
 he smiled . 
 he had never really liked green . 
 talk about a robot with no personality ? 
 that was green in a nutshell . 
 even so , maybe it was time to retire . 
 he had some money . 
 he could buy a little beachfront shack on the pacific coast in nicaragua , and spend his days selling ham sandwiches and beer to the surfers . 
 it sounded nice , but ... he rolled out of bed , nude , and padded with gun in hand to the doorway . 
 he did n't have anything to wear . 
 they had taken his jumpsuit from last night and were supposed to bring him some clothes this morning . 
 he pressed a button on the wall and the bedroom door slid open . 
 he stepped into the doorway , but let his gun hand stay back behind the wall . 
 three men stood in his living room . 
 they were in a tight circle , whispering together . 
 they looked up when blue appeared . 
 they seemed surprised to see him , or maybe embarrassed . 
 blue was the one who was nude , but they looked like they had been caught doing something they should n't . 
 blue knew now why he had awakened . 
 even in sleep , he must have heard these guys come in . 
 they were big guys , almost identical in bearing . 
 ex-high school athletes . 
 they all wore sports jackets and slacks . 
 they had crew cuts . 
 one of them was older , with a mustache . 
 he was heavier set , his face lined with experience . 
 he might even be blue 's age . 
 he would be the one in charge . 
 `` you guys have a change of clothes for me ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` well , '' the boss said , and he smiled . 
 it was a sheepish , shit-eating grin . 
 `` there 's been a change of plans . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 all three men raised guns . 
 blue swung his gun around and fired it before the men got off a shot . 
 one shot - he put a bullet right between the boss 's eyes . 
 a red dot of blood appeared on the guy 's forehead . 
 he stood still for one second , then dropped to the floor , dead before he hit the carpet . 
 blue fired three times at the other guys , but they had already dived for cover . 
 he missed all three shots . 
 he ducked back into the bedroom . 
 a second later , a volley of return fire splintered the walls at the threshold . 
 blue backed away , waited a beat , then wrapped his gun hand around the doorway . 
 he fired three more times . 
 he had already fired seven times . 
 seven shots down , ten to go . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 he needed to slow down for a second and think . 
 if these guys called for back-up , he was finished . 
 it was all on him . 
 they could sit in the living room and wait him out . 
 he was the one who had to get out of here . 
 a new volley of shots came , ripping up the doorway again . 
 blue dropped back . 
 the shooting went on for a long time . 
 finally , it stopped . 
 he hesitated , but only for a second . 
 things could only get worse the longer he hung around this bedroom . 
 if it was time to go , then it was time to go . 
 he squatted , hearing his knees creak as he did , then he rolled into the living room . 
 he came up on one knee . 
 a guy leaned against the side wall , like he was hiding . 
 not much cover there . 
 who were these guys ? 
 blue put three bullets in him . 
 the guy fell over , holding his guts . 
 he disappeared behind a sofa . 
 blue fired three more shots through the sofa . 
 thirteen shots down . 
 four to go . 
 the third guy was not here . 
 blue stood and walked over to the sofa . 
 he glanced behind it . 
 the guy he 'd shot lay there , still alive , breathing heavily . 
 his chest gave mighty heaves . 
 he was shot through with holes . 
 his suit was stained with blood . 
 his teeth were gritted . 
 he looked up at blue . 
 `` listen , '' he said , gasping for breath . 
 `` sorry . 
 no time for chatter today . '' 
 blue shot him in the head . 
 the skull popped apart , spraying blood and bone . 
 now blue glanced around . 
 he had three shots left . 
 he should crouch down and take this guy 's gun , but he did n't dare do it . 
 he had to finish the job first . 
 he almost - almost - gave a thought to howard . 
 treacherous howard , who had sent these idiots in here to kill him . 
 blue supposed that the five million dollar payout for bringing back number nine was out of the question at this point . 
 howard could wait . 
 blue moved through the beautiful apartment , sleek , nude , gun out , in the shooter 's stance he had learned in fbi training so long ago . 
 that guy had to be here somewhere . 
 blue kicked in a bathroom door . 
 toilet , sink , glass shower . 
 no one in there . 
 he kept moving . 
 he recognized how important time was . 
 he turned a corner . 
 a gun appeared from his right . 
 he saw it in his peripheral vision , saw it and did n't really see it . 
 he spun , too late . 
 the man had hidden in a tiny alcove . 
 it was a good spot . 
 he put the gun to blue 's head . 
 blue reached for it . 
 he was half a second too late . 
 the man pulled the trigger . 
 click . 
 nothing happened . 
 it was a kid , maybe twenty-five years old . 
 his face had barely seen a razor . 
 his eyes were hard , but they were lying eyes . 
 the kid pulled the trigger again . 
 click . 
 what was this , training day ? 
 blue shook his head , then pointed his own gun at the kid 's face . 
 the gun 's muzzle was three inches from the kid 's forehead . 
 the kid dropped his weapon . 
 `` you see what happened here , '' blue said , `` is you got in a gunfight , but you did n't count your shots . 
 you lost your head a little bit . 
 so you ran out of bullets , and you did n't know it . 
 you 've had all this time hiding back here while i 've been wandering around the apartment , and you could have reloaded . 
 but you did n't . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's the kind of thing that comes with experience . '' 
 the kid smiled . 
 `` you do n't want to give me another try , do you ? '' 
 blue pulled the trigger , point blank range . 
 the kid 's face imploded . 
 blood and bone sprayed the white wall behind him . 
 the kid 's big body dropped to the floor . 
 the bullet had put a whale of a ragged hole in the drywall . 
 `` nope , '' blue said . 
 he padded back toward the living room . 
 he had two shots left in his own gun . 
 pretty good for an old man . 
 still , if the kid had been thinking , blue would be dead now . 
 he was still alive because of luck . 
 he looked down at the boss man , the dead guy with the mustache . 
 sports jacket , slacks , dress shirt , leather loafers . 
 he bent down near the body . 
 that outfit looked like it might be a fit . 
 what 's more , the guy had dropped so quickly , he had n't gotten blood on any of it . 
 `` what do you run in jacket size ? '' 
 he said to the dead man . 
 `` about a 48 long ? '' 
 * * * howard sat in his living room , wrapped in a thick blue terrycloth robe . 
 he felt like he was coming down with something , maybe a cold , maybe bronchitis . 
 he was under a lot of stress . 
 it was a new day , and out his windows , the beach looked very , very inviting . 
 not that he was going to be on the beach today . 
 it was aggravating . 
 and it was all blue 's fault . 
 well , it was the last time blue was going to fuck up , at least that much was certain . 
 by now , blue was either dead , or about to be . 
 the giant flat panel tv on the wall was on , showing advertisements during a break in the news . 
 howard was surrounded by people . 
 ed morgan from public relations was here . 
 he 'd brought with him a woman , a consultant , howard did n't know her name . 
 he 'd also brought a couple of his staff members . 
 there were a couple of guys from the legal department . 
 a guy from government relations . 
 a couple of secretaries jotting down notes . 
 three sexbots , howard 's favorites , draped on various pieces of furniture . 
 there was too much chatter . 
 a lot of people were talking at once . 
 on the tv , a news woman came on . 
 below her face , little newsy updates were scrolling along from right to left . 
 missing scientist was sexbot inventor ... howard raised a hand . 
 `` can everybody shut the fuck up ? 
 please ? '' 
 the chatter died down a bit , but there was still a low buzz . 
 `` shut up , i said . '' 
 `` if you 're just joining us , '' the anchorwoman said , `` the big news this morning is a shootout during the overnight hours that left nine members of a security team from local corporation suncoast cybernetics dead . 
 details are sketchy at the moment , but the security detail was apparently sent to the north port area home of this man , darryl blauer , a former united states marine with two tours of duty in afghanistan . '' 
 blauer 's face appeared on the screen . 
 there were two images , a young blauer in his marine uniform , and a mugshot of an older , disfigured blauer after an arrest . 
 `` blauer is the primary suspect in the disappearance of 33-year-old robotics scientist susan jones , who sources say may have been the inventor of the popular sexbot line of robot sex toys . 
 sources say that blauer , a florida native and an expert backwoodsman , should be considered armed and extremely dangerous . 
 he may be in possession of advanced , top-secret robotic equipment . '' 
 howard threw his hands in the air . 
 `` who are these sources ? 
 have we said anything ? 
 we 're the only source . 
 i mean , for the love of god , people . '' 
 a photo of susan appeared on the screen . 
 howard stared at it . 
 she was in her cap and gown from her graduation at mit . 
 howard had recruited her right out of school . 
 she started working at suncoast two weeks after that picture was taken . 
 howard felt something looking at that photo . 
 he was n't sure how he would describe the feeling . 
 he would like to talk to susan again , if only one more time . 
 she had been a nice girl once , and over the years , she really became kind of a raging bitch . 
 it was like she thought she had built this company , and that she was the one who was somehow irreplaceable . 
 she 'd found out the hard way that it was n't so . 
 `` see , susan ? '' 
 he 'd say to her . 
 `` i was the one who mattered . '' 
 on the screen , the focus shifted to a panel of experts . 
 `` suncoast says this is a simple sex toy , '' said a bald man in a speckled yellow bowtie . 
 `` but they 're not convincing anyone . 
 with all the explosions and the gunfights , there 's talk starting about the military applications of some of these suncoast robots . '' 
 `` notice how they suspect one of their scientists has been murdered , but they do n't call the police , '' said a woman in a powder blue suit . 
 `` instead , they send in their own security force . 
 what are they hiding ? '' 
 `` that 's my point , '' said the bowtie man . 
 `` we 're talking about a very secretive company here , which has sold more than a million sex toy robots worldwide in the past ten years , the highest-end models retailing for nearly $ 200,000 each . '' 
 the screen changed to a well-appointed living room full of sexbots , standing and sitting in various states of undress , walking around , mingling with each other . 
 howard watched in disbelief . 
 that scene was from an internal corporate video . 
 where did a tv station get their hands on that ? 
 the bowtie man went on . 
 `` we 're talking about billions of dollars in revenue . 
 plus those military contracts - no one knows the value of those , because the company wo n't share their client list or any contract details . 
 but my sources tell me that suncoast is one of the biggest suppliers of advanced robot soldiers to the pentagon , for starters , and might also be selling robotics to third world dictators and possibly , mexican drug cartels . 
 this is a company that 's becoming a law unto itself . '' 
 the chatter in the room erupted again . 
 howard felt a headache coming on . 
 `` this is a nightmare , '' he said . 
 one of the public relations flacks , a fat young guy named rob who was always sweaty and who looked like he was being choked to death by his own necktie , spoke up . 
 `` howard , i do n't see what the big problem is here . '' 
 howard shook his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rob shrugged , the flesh of his neck jiggling . 
 `` i do n't see the problem . '' 
 howard took a deep breath . 
 `` let me see if i can explain it for you , rob . 
 the problem is we 've got a missing scientist , nine dead security guards , and a rogue sexbot that has apparently decided to start blowing things up all over town . 
 and we have this in a very public way . 
 mr. and mrs. mainstream america do n't like to hear about corporate armies with top secret technology while having their morning eye-opener . 
 it gives them the tiniest hint at how far things have moved toward a world they might not like to live in . '' 
 rob was undeterred . 
 he waved a meaty hand . 
 `` right . 
 so let 's give them a world they do want to live in . 
 listen , this is a great opportunity to change the conversation . 
 suncoast has too low a profile . 
 i 've been saying that for years . 
 you ca n't buy this kind of media attention , howard . 
 i promise you , in the next week you 're going to see a spike in sales like you 've never seen . 
 people are going to be talking about this company . 
 you know what we need to come out with now ? 
 we need a sexbot for the common man . 
 something that costs like , i do n't know , five hundred or maybe a thousand dollars . 
 do we have anything like that in the works ? '' 
 howard looked at him . 
 `` no . '' 
 phones were ringing all over the room . 
 a brown-haired sexbot answered one of them , a classic old rotary-dial that sat on one of the end tables . 
 `` howard , it 's councilman mitchell 's office , '' the sexbot said . 
 her voice was so sultry that howard longed for some alone time with her . 
 `` yeah , what do they want ? '' 
 `` with all the media attention , they want to know if you 're still having people over tonight . '' 
 the sexbot listened to the phone again . 
 `` the masked ball . 
 is it still on ? '' 
 howard smiled . 
 `` of course . 
 we never cancel a party . '' 
 another sexbot , this one a curly blonde , came over and handed howard a mobile phone . 
 she did n't say anything as she handed it to him . 
 `` hello , '' he said . 
 `` there was an accident , '' a voice said . 
 `` tell me , '' howard said . 
 `` the blue man , '' the voice said . 
 howard waited , expecting the next words to be : `` he did n't make it . '' 
 but those were n't the next words . 
 the next words that came were , `` he left the building . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` he left the building ? 
 what about the three wise men ? '' 
 `` they did n't make it . '' 
 howard stared at the phone . 
 could it be right , the thing this person was saying ? 
 had blue just killed three company assassins ? 
 if it were true , it was the worst news he 'd had all day . 
 mr. blue roaming around in a good mood was bad enough . 
 blue out there in the world , whereabouts unknown , and in a bad mood ? 
 that was reason enough to declare a state of emergency . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that , '' howard said . 
 `` we were , too . '' 
 howard hung up the phone . 
 all around him , people clamored for his attention . 
 the room took on a surreal cast . 
 he half-expected these people , his people , to begin removing the human masks from their faces , revealing mechanical clockworks beneath . 
 they jabbered at him , their mouths huge , like the mouths of great white sharks , their teeth like the blades of an electric saw . 
 `` howard , '' they said . 
 `` howard ... howard ... howard . '' 
 he pulled his fuzzy robe tighter to his body . 
 he gazed out the window at the sun-dappled ocean . 
 maybe he needed a vacation . 
 `` howard ! '' 
 * * * blue stood on a busy street corner in downtown sarasota , wearing the sports jacket , slacks , dress shirt and shoes of a recently deceased gunman . 
 the clothes fit him okay . 
 and the guy had decent taste . 
 the jacket and the slacks were brooks brothers . 
 the shoes were italian loafers . 
 nice . 
 still , out in the open like this , blue felt like he was wearing a big red target on his back . 
 he half expected a bullet at any moment . 
 a taxi slowed down as it approached . 
 blue gave it a brief wave , and it pulled over to the curb . 
 he slid into the back seat . 
 `` long boat key , '' he said to the driver , a man of vague middle-eastern descent . 
 blue looked at the identification card on the back of the driver 's seat . 
 he did n't see anything there that suggested the driver was anybody but who he claimed to be . 
 `` you like your work ? '' 
 blue said . 
 the driver shrugged , and pulled out into traffic . 
 `` except for the old people in the big cadillacs , i like it , '' the man said , with only a hint of an accent . 
 blue guessed that he 'd come to the united states as a teenager . 
 `` they drive like it 's bumper cars out here . '' 
 blue took a deep breath and relaxed into the seat . 
 this guy was a cab driver , nothing more , nothing less . 
 blue felt a little better now that he was off the street . 
 he could take a moment to reflect . 
 the company had tried to kill him . 
 that was bad . 
 and by now , they knew he was still alive . 
 they would come after him . 
 he could run . 
 he had just over $ 500 in his pocket , also a gift from the dead man . 
 the guy would n't need the money any more . 
 blue also had an account in miami . 
 it was a safe deposit box with tens of thousands of dollars in cash , plus a hundred thousand dollars in bearer bonds , and two new identities - social security cards , driver 's licenses , the works . 
 the key to the box was in an apartment in miami beach . 
 if he gave this cab driver the $ 500 in his pocket , and the promise of a thousand more when they got there , he was sure the man would drive him the 200 miles to miami , then wait for him while he stepped inside the bank . 
 yes , he could run . 
 that would be the safest thing to do , his surest bet . 
 he could be in brazil , or greece , or south africa , in a day or two . 
 he could lay low , let things blow over . 
 put a feeler out to howard in a couple of months , see how the big dog was feeling about the whole thing . 
 on the other hand , the company had tried to kill him . 
 mr. blue . 
 after all he 'd done for them ? 
 and in this case , it was n't really the company . 
 it was howard . 
 howard had tried to kill blue . 
 you could n't just let that float . 
 you did n't run away from something like that . 
 you ran right at it . 
 also , there was this situation with number nine . 
 nine was almost certainly dead by now , and if she was n't , the bomb would kill her tonight . 
 but what if it did n't ? 
 what if at this time tomorrow , nine was somehow still alive ? 
 he and number nine had some unfinished business . 
 he felt it . 
 that little interaction in the motel was more than sexual . 
 it was ... explosive . 
 intense . 
 she had murdered green right in the middle of it . 
 she had almost murdered blue . 
 that made her a lot like blue , did n't it ? 
 ready for action . 
 ready for whatever came along . 
 and in a sense , mr. blue had created nine , had n't he ? 
 the scientist would never have taken the chance to download herself if blue had n't come to murder her . 
 blue had n't murdered susan jones . 
 not really . 
 he had given her a new , better life as number nine . 
 that sealed it . 
 he would stay in town for now . 
 he would go to howard 's party tonight , if it was still happening , and see what was shaking . 
 if he could , he would find nine . 
 hell , maybe he would capture her and sell her to the highest bidder . 
 she was a live person inside a robot - that had to be worth real money . 
 then again , maybe he would n't sell her . 
 maybe he would ... do something else with her . 
 in the meantime , outside of a few minutes shut-eye before this most recent shootout , he had n't slept in nearly two days . 
 he needed sleep , and a safe place to do it . 
 the cab cruised across the tall bridge to longboat key . 
 blue gazed out at the sky and the water . 
 now that he felt a little more relaxed , he could almost fall asleep in this car . 
 just close his eyes and let the motion rock him to sleep . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 the cabbie said . 
 `` just drive , '' blue said . 
 `` i 'll know it when i see it . '' 
 * * * nine stood inside the man 's house . 
 it was a beautiful , modern , open design , split-level home . 
 it stood on stilts above a stretch of waterway , surrounded by dense forest growth . 
 the living room had huge windows , catching a southwest exposure and a view of a bend in the river . 
 it was like living in a tree house . 
 she had brought him in here at gunpoint , but the man did n't seem to mind . 
 she still held the rifle , but he was in his kitchen , puttering around with pots and pans . 
 the burners were built into a counter that faced outward . 
 the effect of it was he could cook and talk to her directly at the same time . 
 he wore blue jeans and a tight blue t-shirt that showed off his lean muscles . 
 the shirt said yoga man across the front . 
 he wore sandals on his feet . 
 he looked across at her . 
 `` can i interest you in some eggs ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` coffee ? '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' nine said . 
 `` i do n't ... '' what was she going to say ? 
 i do n't eat ? 
 yes , she had very nearly said that . 
 inside her eyes , the red battery light was blinking . 
 it was going very fast . 
 she was about to run down . 
 she felt tired . 
 she had n't slept at all last night . 
 that should n't matter . 
 she was a machine . 
 she thought about the chimps , the ones inside the sexbots in the monkey facility up in south carolina . 
 they would sleep . 
 maybe not like they once had , but they definitely slept . 
 the machine did n't need it . 
 the psyche did . 
 that was the theory she and martin had come up with . 
 `` would you like to take a shower ? '' 
 the man said . 
 `` i promise i wo n't touch your gun . '' 
 she looked at the gun in her hand as if seeing it for the first time . 
 it was a little embarrassing that she had held him at gunpoint . 
 `` sorry about that , '' she said . 
 `` i just ... '' he raised a casual hand . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 it happens to me once or twice a week . 
 a beautiful girl wearing next to nothing flags me down on the road , then pulls out a machine gun . 
 i 'm used to it by now . 
 usually , they kidnap me , rather than bring me straight home . '' 
 nine smiled . 
 `` did anyone ever tell you that you look like a movie star ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the kidnappers do . 
 that 's generally why they kidnap me . 
 they say i look like that irish actor colin farrell . 
 most times , i end up letting them have their way with me . '' 
 nine thought about it . 
 sure , colin farrell , that seemed about right . 
 should n't let it go his head , though . 
 `` do you need anything at all ? '' 
 he said to her . 
 `` a sweater , some shoes , maybe a nuclear bomb ? '' 
 `` do you have a computer ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i need to check my email . '' 
 he gestured at a door across the living room from her . 
 `` in there . 
 that 's my little at-home office . '' 
 nine headed for the room . 
 she was running out of time . 
 `` my name is michael , '' the man called after her . 
 `` do you have a name ? '' 
 she did n't turn around . 
 `` believe me when i say you 're better off not knowing it . '' 
 inside the room , nine found a laptop on a clear lucite desk . 
 the office itself was spare , with polished simulated wooden floors , and a sky light overhead . 
 the desk platform was high off the ground , and there was no chair . 
 this guy was one of those stand-up-at-work people . 
 when nine was susan , she could n't understand how they ever got any work done . 
 susan could n't concentrate when standing . 
 but nine did n't need to concentrate . 
 what she needed was to recharge . 
 the red light behind her eyes was going so fast , it was barely blinking any more . 
 once it went to solid red , she would have real trouble . 
 on her right forearm , up by her elbow , was a barely noticeable crevice about a quarter of an inch long . 
 she stuck the thumbnail of her left hand into the crevice , and pulled . 
 it took a moment , and a little more pressure than was comfortable , but she pried open a compartment that was n't obviously there a moment before . 
 inside was a black wire , coiled tight , with a usb plug at the end of it . 
 she pulled the wire out and unwound it . 
 she felt along the edges of the laptop until she found a usb port . 
 she plugged herself in . 
 it was rudimentary , but it would have to do . 
 a window appeared on the laptop screen . 
 there were numerous options she could choose . 
 she could do a systems check . 
 she could look at some usage data . 
 she could reboot . 
 she could re-charge . 
 indeed , the system was prompting her to re-charge . 
 `` power is critically low , '' it said in red letters . 
 `` sexbot will power down soon to preserve system integrity . 
 click here to re-charge . '' 
 she clicked on re-charge . 
 an empty progress bar appeared . 
 a green field , which indicated power , was a tiny vertical slice all the way to the left . 
 gradually , as the system powered up , the green field would expand to the right , filling up the bar . 
 she planned to power up off this man 's personal laptop , a unit better suited to juicing a portable music player . 
 this was going to take a long time . 
 it might take all day to get to 50 % . 
 then she had to deal with the bomb . 
 `` i knew it was you , '' a voice said behind her . 
 her gun was on the lucite desk . 
 with her left hand , she grabbed it , then spun halfway around . 
 she pointed the gun at him . 
 michael . 
 her right arm was still attached to the computer . 
 he raised his hands , and his smile faltered for once . 
 `` you knew it was who ? '' 
 nine said . 
 `` well , hear me out on this , okay ? 
 i promise i wo n't tell on you . 
 i 've had a lot of women come through this house , you know , kidnappers and such , but you 're the first one to walk in here and plug herself into my laptop . '' 
 nine stared at him . 
 from the corner of her eye , she saw that the progress bar had moved the smallest amount . 
 she might be juiced up to 3 % . 
 the red light behind her eyes blinked just a touch less intensely . 
 `` i heard the explosions last night , '' michael said . 
 `` it was n't that far from here . 
 when i checked the tv news this morning , you 're all over it . 
 they say an ex-marine from back in the swamp murdered a scientist and stole a very high-tech sexbot . 
 on the internet , the conspiracy people are saying he stole a top-secret military robot . 
 it looks to me like he stole a little of both . '' 
 `` he did n't steal anything , '' nine said . 
 `` he 's being framed . 
 and anyway , he 's dead . '' 
 she saw the look in his eyes , and shook her head . 
 `` they killed him . 
 the company . 
 i did n't do it . '' 
 `` are you running from them ? '' 
 he said . 
 she nodded . 
 he nodded , too . 
 his lips found the ghost of a smile again . 
 `` okay . 
 well , listen . 
 as i said , my name is michael . 
 and you can call me michael . 
 not mike , not mikey . 
 michael . 
 okay ? 
 i 'll do whatever i can to protect you . 
 if you do n't want to go back , you do n't have to . 
 you can stay here as long as you like . 
 i 've got some motor oil if you want something to drink . 
 i 've also got some old fiber optic cabling you can chew on . 
 do you have a name ? '' 
 `` they call me nine , '' she said . 
 `` number nine . '' 
 it was a nice gesture he was making . 
 but nine knew that when the time came , this man michael would n't have much say in whether she stayed or went . 
 and if the company came , there really was n't a whole lot he could do to protect her . 
 `` number nine ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` that 's not much of a name , is it ? '' 
 he pointed at the laptop . 
 `` is that you powering up ? 
 you 're never going to do it like that . 
 my other car is an electric . 
 it 's fancy . 
 i have the repair bills to prove it . 
 and i have a home juicing station downstairs in the garage . 
 actually , i 've also got a little portable one that i take on trips . 
 i can bring it upstairs , and you can plug in right here in total comfort . 
 i 'll bet i can fill you up in record time . '' 
 she smiled . 
 she looked him up and down , the way men sometimes did to women . 
 she liked what she saw . 
 `` i 'll bet you can , too . '' 
 * * * howard was on the phone , taking the one call he dreaded the most . 
 everyone had finally cleared out of his living room . 
 everyone but the sexbots . 
 in a little while , he would carve out some time to spend with them . 
 god , he was stressed out . 
 he needed some relaxation of the kind that only his girls could provide . 
 `` howard ? '' 
 the chairman said over the line . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 howard shook his head . 
 the chairman . 
 james walsh . 
 what a clown . 
 he was older than dirt . 
 he was up in new york , snowed in , gazing at printouts from his ten billion dollar portfolio . 
 he was a money manager , a stock market swindler , and a hostile takeover king . 
 he did n't know how to run a real company . 
 he should leave suncoast to the experts . 
 howard stared out at the ocean as the chairman deployed one of his favorite weapons , the pregnant pause . 
 howard would n't stand for it , though . 
 he knew how to beat it . 
 the trick was to detach . 
 he started counting silently , down from ten to one . 
 `` howard . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 `` howard , what the fuck is going on down there ? '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` do n't play dumb with me , howard . 
 last night , i received a phone call . 
 it led me to believe that everything was going according to plan . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i received the same phone call , sir . '' 
 `` so what happened ? 
 i see on the news this morning that in fact , everything is not going according to plan . '' 
 `` we 're still trying to figure that out , sir . '' 
 howard hated that word coming out of his mouth . 
 sir . 
 sir . 
 why did he always call this bastard sir ? 
 `` you 're trying to figure it out ? 
 let me tell you something , howard . 
 i do n't believe a word you 're saying . 
 who sent that team in there last night , if not you ? 
 why did you send them ? 
 you blew up a man 's house , for the love of christ . 
 do n't tell me you 're trying to figure it out . 
 why did you do it ? 
 you must have a reason . '' 
 howard motioned for one of the sexbots , the black one , the one he called jezebel , to come over . 
 he also motioned to one of the blondes , cassandra . 
 this conversation was going poorly . 
 he needed to relax , and he needed to relax now . 
 `` well sir , there 's some concern that susan , ah , how to put this ... '' `` just spit it out , howard . 
 before i find someone else to run that company . '' 
 jezebel arrived , followed soon after by cassandra . 
 gently , howard pushed them to their knees . 
 it did n't take much . 
 they knew the drill very well . 
 with one hand , he pulled the knot on his bathrobe 's soft belt . 
 the bathrobe fell open , revealing howard in all his glory . 
 the two girls went to work on him , faces pressed very close together . 
 now that would make a pretty picture . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 boy , he was starting to feel better already . 
 `` it seems that susan , before she was terminated , might have ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 howard put a proprietary hand on cassandra 's head . 
 he was erect now . 
 very , very erect . 
 the two girls kissed , his member hard between them . 
 he was proud - very proud - of these girls . 
 he was proud of himself . 
 `` well , she might have been able to download herself into the unit she kept there at her house . '' 
 `` she what ? 
 howard , did i hear you ... '' `` yes . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 howard watched his girls . 
 very nice . 
 he took a deep , deep breath . 
 `` it was completely unsanctioned , '' he said , feeling calmer now . 
 `` and it was done in an uncontrolled environment . 
 as far as we know , the operating system on the unit was n't erased , which is obviously not our intention going forward . 
 we do n't want real people living inside sex toys , as you know . 
 so it 's possible that ... '' `` where is she ? '' 
 the chairman said . 
 howard was having trouble concentrating . 
 things were building , becoming heightened . 
 `` eh , we 're looking for her . '' 
 `` so you do n't know where she is ? '' 
 `` that 's correct , sir . '' 
 he found that the word sir did n't taste so bad right now . 
 not nearly so bad . 
 he gazed down at the two heads , black hair , blonde hair , moving in unison . 
 it was crazy . 
 he was talking to the chairman ! 
 fuck the chairman . 
 hooray ! 
 `` listen to me , howard . 
 i built this company . 
 not you . 
 you were an undergrad when i bought a company that made pool cleaners . 
 they are dragging our good name through the mud . 
 on tv , right now , all day . 
 cnn , msnbc , all the rest . 
 we are in the 24-hour news cycle , howard . 
 i wo n't stand for it . 
 if that robot falls into the wrong hands , the police , the courts , some do-gooder group , things will only get worse for us . 
 it will become very hard to move forward with our immediate plans . 
 those plans are ... '' for once , the chairman 's voice faltered . 
 `` they 're very important to me . '' 
 `` i know , '' howard said . 
 `` i want you to destroy the robot , '' the chairman said . 
 `` do you understand ? 
 i want it found and destroyed by tonight . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i understand . '' 
 it was funny . 
 howard did understand . 
 but now , with the girls at his feet like this , and the dying chairman pulling his hair out over the phone , a new thought occurred to howard . 
 there was another way to play this . 
 `` no one is irreplaceable , howard . 
 you need to understand that . 
 you 're in a very vulnerable position . 
 this is n't the kind of job you just retire from , howard . 
 there 's too much on the line . '' 
 howard smiled . 
 what was the chairman hinting at ? 
 that he would have howard killed ? 
 my , my , my . 
 did he really want to go there ? 
 blue was n't the only incredibly lethal killer that howard had access to , not by a long shot . 
 anyway , never mind all that . 
 howard preferred to think about susan right now . 
 a thought about her had come to him . 
 back in those early days , he had tried to date susan . 
 it was true . 
 in the days before sexbots , he had asked her out a few times . 
 was that inappropriate for a boss to ask out an employee ? 
 he did n't know . 
 he did n't care . 
 at this point , howard had n't asked a flesh and blood woman out in years . 
 but back then ? 
 yes , he had dated women . 
 susan was too haughty . 
 she always said no . 
 she was too full of herself , and her great future as a scientist . 
 she was too busy working , trying to make breakthroughs , to give howard the time of day . 
 but look at her now . 
 she was dead , trapped inside a sex toy , and on the run . 
 where had that great future gone ? 
 he found that he did want to see her again , if only one more time . 
 he took another deep breath . 
 over the phone , the chairman raged on . 
 he seemed far away . 
 steady , old boy , do n't give yourself a stroke . 
 the cancer will kill you soon enough . 
 howard looked down at his girls again . 
 they were really working him . 
 they licked him . 
 they kissed and licked each other . 
 he could n't watch them . 
 it was too much . 
 they would finish him off too fast . 
 he looked out at the ocean again . 
 god . 
 what a day . 
 he skated along the edge of a climax . 
 howard thought about susan , trapped inside number nine , and how if he could , he would bring her here . 
 and he would have her , just like he had these girls . 
 and when it was over , when he 'd had her in every way he wanted her , in every way possible , he would say , `` look at you now , susan . 
 look at the great scientist . 
 my little slave . '' 
 and that thought , the thought of susan on her knees here like these girls , made howard explode . 
 * * * nine was juiced . 
 it was late morning . 
 the charge had taken a long while , but the blinking red light was gone . 
 it was now replaced by a warm green glow . 
 the green must have always been there before the red blinking started , but she never noticed it . 
 it was n't distracting like the red light . 
 it was n't visible in the same way . 
 it was more like the glow of health , and it filled up her senses . 
 there was trouble ahead , she knew that . 
 the company was after her . 
 there was a bomb counting down inside her . 
 just over ten hours left . 
 but she did n't want to think of those things . 
 she wanted to relax for the moment , and enjoy this feeling . 
 she sat on the sofa in michael 's living room , still plugged into his portable black re-charger . 
 sunlight streamed through the windows , reflected off the green water that flowed by below . 
 looking out that window , if someone did n't know better , they might think they were in africa . 
 michael ate his breakfast at the table across the room from her . 
 his beard was well-groomed . 
 his hair was just so . 
 he seemed relaxed , completely at home in his body . 
 he smiled when he looked at her . 
 that was when the movie star looks came out the most . 
 nine recognized a feeling rising in herself . 
 desire . 
 she deduced that the more power she had coursing through her system , the more her dominant programming would come to the fore . 
 in other words , number nine was getting horny . 
 `` i 'm fascinated by you , '' michael said . 
 `` i mean , you 're a machine , right ? 
 but you 're also a lot like a person . 
 if i met you in different circumstances ... '' `` like , if i did n't step out of the woods and pull a gun on you ? '' 
 `` right . 
 let 's say we were at a party , a fancy dress-up affair , and the host was making introductions , and we took each other 's hands , you know ? 
 and we looked deep into each other 's eyes . 
 and i said , ` hi , i 'm michael . ' 
 and you said , ` hi , i 'm nine . '' ' 
 he raised a hand , as if to say stop . 
 `` you know , you 'd probably have a name instead of a number . 
 i mean , where is this party , at the factory ? 
 who has a number instead of a name ? 
 so let 's give you a name . 
 how about rachel ? '' 
 nine smiled . 
 she was willing to play along . 
 `` so if you said , ` hi , i 'm rachel , ' i 'd never guess you were a robot . 
 i 'd just think you were a beautiful woman that i was lucky to meet at a party . '' 
 he got up from the table , and came across the room toward her . 
 he looked at her very intensely . 
 `` what 's it like ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` what 's what like ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` to be what you are . 
 to be who you are . 
 you 're obviously so advanced , so smart , that it must be strange . 
 what 's it like in there ? '' 
 `` i think it 's probably not much different from being inside you , '' she said . 
 `` i mean , how do you know you 're not like me ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't . 
 but ... i eat food , right ? '' 
 `` right . 
 but what is food ? '' 
 she stood up from the sofa . 
 he came close and faced her . 
 `` i know . 
 it 's just that ... '' nine turned away from him . 
 rachel . 
 it was such a nice name . 
 she remembered how she was susan . 
 and how susan was always busy with work , always busy becoming something great , that her parents could be proud of , that she could be proud of . 
 but susan , at bottom , had been lonely . 
 she had never been beautiful . 
 and she had been very , very smart . 
 it was a bad combination . 
 she was lying to herself , was n't she ? 
 lack of beauty had n't been the problem . 
 beauty was as much a curse as a blessing . 
 nine was beautiful , and she got a lot of attention from killers and maniacs . 
 no . 
 susan 's loneliness had been her own fault . 
 she would never let a man get close to her . 
 since she finished college , the only one was martin , but they were scientists together . 
 they were pals . 
 they were partners in a great discovery . 
 and afterwards , she had pushed him away . 
 `` the re-charge is almost done , '' she said . 
 `` it 's at 98 % . 
 it probably wo n't top up . 
 you know , the first 95 % takes half the time , and the last 5 % takes the other half . '' 
 michael touched her shoulder . 
 movie-star handsome michael . 
 she turned back to say something , but never remembered what she intended to say because suddenly he was there , and his lips settled against hers . 
 she felt the damp sweep of his tongue across them . 
 uttering a soft whimper , she moved closer to him . 
 her breasts were flattened against his chest . 
 their thighs came together . 
 `` michael ... '' `` lovely rachel . 
 i 've wanted you since i first saw you . '' 
 `` gun in hand ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` yes , the gun was very sexy . '' 
 rubbing her lips apart with his , he pushed his tongue deep into her mouth . 
 she moaned with hunger . 
 his hands moved to her waist and pulled her more firmly against him . 
 he cupped the round curve of her bottom and held her against the front of his body while they kissed deeply . 
 she clutched at him and responded to the hungry thrusts of his tongue . 
 he released her long enough to pull his t-shirt over his head . 
 he undid his belt and pulled the buttons of his jeans open , then gathered her against him again . 
 he caressed her breasts through the insubstantial material of her mini-dress . 
 dissatisfied with that , he released her spaghetti straps . 
 nine gave a soft , ecstatic cry when her hot , flushed breasts met the warm solidity of his chest . 
 michael released a low , tortured groan . 
 he pushed the dress past her hips until it slid down her thighs to the floor . 
 she pushed him backwards , toward the sofa . 
 he sat down , and pulled his jeans down to his feet , struggling to kick free of them . 
 for a moment , she hesitated . 
 she had n't been with a man with this way since ... forever . 
 she kicked a leg over him , and lowered herself onto him . 
 she sat astride his lap , facing him . 
 they looked into each other 's eyes . 
 `` i wanted you , too , '' she said . 
 she closed her arms around his head , hugging it tightly against her , while she pressed her hips down onto his thighs , driving deep inside her . 
 she moved against him , and he began to move inside her , advancing and retreating . 
 she bounced on him , harder , harder . 
 she rode him . 
 she threw her head back . 
 her body shuddered . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she heard herself cry . 
 * * * she and michael were in his bed . 
 his bed was a king-sized , and it faced out toward the river . 
 hours had passed , and the daylight was growing short . 
 they were both nude from earlier . 
 nine had slept , and now she was awake . 
 she did n't remember sleeping , and she did n't remember waking . 
 he was next to her , on her right side , exploring her body . 
 his fingers moved along slowly , very experienced fingers , in danger of turning her on again . 
 sex with michael had been something of a revelation . 
 they had done it seven times , over and over , a marathon . 
 it was fun , with no baggage of any kind , just two beautiful bodies coming together again and again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 she thought of the last time she 'd had sex before today . 
 it was the day when she and martin were first able to transfer a chimpanzee to a sexbot , about nine months ago at the primate research facility outside charleston , south carolina . 
 afterward , the two of them had celebrated with drinks at the hotel bar . 
 they got very drunk that night , and she went back to martin 's room with him . 
 in the morning , she had regretted it . 
 badly hung over , she regretted everything . 
 `` we made a mistake , '' she said as she put her clothes on . 
 `` by sleeping together ? '' 
 martin said . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i think it 's great . '' 
 `` all of it , '' she said . 
 `` the apes we 're experimenting on . 
 the two of us in here celebrating our great triumph . 
 it 's a disaster . 
 it 's a ... it 's a sin . '' 
 she looked at martin in the mirror . 
 he was lying in bed , propped up on a mountain of pillows , with his hands on top of his head . 
 easygoing , boy genius , ever-optimistic martin . 
 he looked so much like her dad . 
 he smiled . 
 `` come on . 
 lighten up . 
 there 's no such thing as sin . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid , '' she said . 
 `` we opened pandora 's box , and there 's going to be a price to pay . '' 
 and of course , the punishment had finally come . 
 martin was dead and she was as much a guinea pig as any of the chimps . 
 now , in michael 's bed , she shook her head to clear the memory . 
 `` did i sleep much ? '' 
 she said . 
 michael smiled . 
 `` sleep ? 
 you slept all day . 
 i did n't even know that you could sleep . 
 but yeah , you slept all right . 
 you slept like the dead . 
 to be fair , i slept too . '' 
 his hands felt good on her skin . 
 they were big , strong hands . 
 he traced the curve of her torso until his fingers reached the keypad and digital readout attached under her arm . 
 he touched it , made a gentle circle around it . 
 a feeling of dread went through her . 
 she would almost say she felt sick to her stomach . 
 `` what is this thing ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` i noticed it before . 
 it 's the only part of you that does n't seem like a real woman . '' 
 nine took a deep breath . 
 `` what does it say on it ? '' 
 `` well , it seems to be a countdown of some sort . 
 right now , it says three hours , thirty-seven minutes , with the seconds just flying by . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` that 's exactly what it is . 
 it 's a counter , and it 's attached to a bomb that 's somewhere inside me . '' 
 he looked at her sharply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have a bomb inside me . 
 when the countdown reaches zero , i think i 'm going to explode . '' 
 he put a hand to his head . 
 `` why would someone put a bomb inside you ? '' 
 her lips started to tremble . 
 `` in case i escaped . '' 
 suddenly she was crying . 
 she did n't expect it to happen . 
 she had felt perfectly stable until just a moment ago . 
 she did n't even think she still had emotions . 
 but then everything welled up inside her , and she wept in grief and terror . 
 she was crying and he held her against his chest . 
 `` what a waste , '' she said . 
 her body was wracked by sobs , and she could no longer speak . 
 michael did n't say anything . 
 he just held her tighter . 
 her life ! 
 the big scientific superstar . 
 she had been so driven to succeed , to make her mark , and instead she ended up making sex toys for rich perverts , then torturing chimpanzees and putting their minds inside machines . 
 now the same thing had happened to her , and pretty soon , in just about five hours , she was going to die . 
 `` it 's okay , '' michael cooed softly . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she would stay here , if there were any choice . 
 she knew that . 
 she would stay for a night , or a week , or a month . 
 she would let all of this pass her by . 
 it was a beautiful home , and a beautiful man . 
 she would stay here and make love to michael , and watch the river , and notice every day how the sunlight came through the windows and the skylights . 
 it made for a nice fantasy , but it was n't to be . 
 her life was over . 
 she had reached the end . 
 at some point , she noticed michael 's bare chest was heaving . 
 she looked at his face , and he was crying too . 
 `` i ca n't help it , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want you to die . 
 it 's not fair . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i know , '' she said . 
 `` if i cut you open , '' he said , `` would it hurt ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not really . 
 not like it would hurt you . 
 why ? '' 
 `` maybe i can cut the bomb out . '' 
 `` michael , do you know anything about bombs ? 
 or about technology ? '' 
 he smiled , but it was a smile with no humor in it . 
 his eyes were red . 
 `` i 'm a quick learner . 
 i 'm a builder , and i have tools . 
 i 've looked at electrical systems before . 
 i could get in there , and just ... i do n't know . 
 take a poke around . 
 i 'll go slow , not touch anything right away . 
 maybe it would be obvious what to do . '' 
 `` michael , shhhhh . 
 let 's just ... '' she moved up and pushed her face against his . 
 their cheeks touched . 
 their tears mingled like rainwater . 
 she hugged him tightly , and he hugged her back . 
 they stayed that way for a long time , just pressing together . 
 for nine , sometimes the crying was powerful , her whole body shaking with the force of her sobs . 
 at other times , the crying was softer , almost subsiding completely . 
 gradually , as they lay there pressed against each other , she became aware that michael had an erection . 
 soon , she was ready too , maybe from all the emotion , maybe from just having him there . 
 she reached down with one hand and gently guided him inside her . 
 then they lay still , their bodies perfectly entwined , joined , no space between them . 
 she pressed harder against him . 
 she felt almost like she wanted to become him , their chests and legs melting until they became one person . 
 she held the back of his head with her hand . 
 he was crying again , and the feeling of it was contagious , because she began to cry again , too . 
 and their mouths found each other . 
 they kissed passionately , bodies moving gently , tears streaming down their faces . 
 it went on a long time . 
 afterward , she was lying in bed . 
 she must have fallen asleep again , because michael was n't in bed with her , and she did n't remember him getting up . 
 for the moment , she felt good . 
 she felt refreshed . 
 she felt almost at peace . 
 this was a great big , comfortable bed , and it was amazing to simply be in it . 
 it was luxurious , and nine 's programming made her very aware , and appreciative , of luxuries . 
 she was relaxed enough to reflect on things . 
 maybe there was room for hope . 
 she had tried to put the bomb out of her mind , to wish it away , but now she allowed herself to think about it . 
 maybe michael could open her up , and somehow disable it . 
 he was smart . 
 there might be instructions about it online . 
 there might be an expert he could call , who would walk him through the process . 
 she glanced at the clock on the bedside table . 
 it was 7:15 . 
 there were just under three hours left , not much time , but maybe enough . 
 she had been here at michael 's since this morning , and now it was nearly nightfall . 
 for a second , she wondered if the storm had n't passed . 
 she had no gps unit installed . 
 she had no remote access capability . 
 the company had no way to find her . 
 what if she stayed hidden here ? 
 she pictured it in her mind . 
 just living here quietly , being partners with michael . 
 it would n't last forever . 
 she knew that . 
 but he could help her . 
 he said he would . 
 maybe she could get a new identity , forged papers . 
 when the time came , she could leave the country . 
 her first priority would be contacting her parents . 
 she could n't do it directly . 
 they 'd have trouble believing her story , and anyway , they were probably being monitored . 
 but how long would the company monitor them ? 
 maybe not that long . 
 not forever , certainly . 
 in a few days , if they did n't find her , the company would assume she had died . 
 they had probably found darryl 's body by now . 
 sooner or later , they were just going to decide that the bomb had gone off , or that she was rotting away at the bottom of one of the swamps . 
 the company was n't all powerful . 
 they could n't ... the doorbell rang . 
 it filled the house with a musical chime , which echoed from room to room . 
 for all the effect it had , it might as well be an air raid siren . 
 * * * chapter 06 michael stood at his kitchen counter . 
 he was digging through a toolbox and inspecting various cutting devices when the doorbell rang . 
 at first , he ignored it . 
 he lived pretty far out . 
 the only people who ever came to his door were jehovah 's witnesses and mormons . 
 michael was n't into religion . 
 and he had other , more pressing matters on his mind . 
 `` go away religious fanatics , '' he said under his breath . 
 he could do this . 
 he could save rachel . 
 at first , it would be like cutting through something that sure felt like human skin . 
 he would just have to keep in mind that she was n't human , and she would n't really feel the pain . 
 he doubted there would be anything like blood or gore . 
 after the flesh , there was probably a layer of metal or hard plastic . 
 he would just follow whatever metal line or wiring extended down from the digital readout on the surface . 
 then he would ... the doorbell rang again . 
 `` persistent , are n't we ? '' 
 when michael opened the door , two men in dark blue uniforms stood on his front porch . 
 they did n't look like soul savers or bible salesmen . 
 they looked like soldiers . 
 they were young , big and muscular , with closely cropped hair . 
 their eyes were flat and blank . 
 they each had an insignia on their chests , which looked to michael like an eye peering over a desk . 
 their uniforms puffed out slightly , as if they had an umpire 's padding under there . 
 michael knew enough . 
 they were wearing body armor . 
 flat black guns were holstered at their waists . 
 one of them held a computer tablet in a big , thick hand . 
 he referred to it , then looked up . 
 `` michael simms ? '' 
 he said . 
 michael ran a hand through his hair . 
 he sniffed slightly , as if he were tired , or maybe a little under the weather . 
 he was painfully aware of his own fit , but thin body , his silly yoga man shirt , his washed out jeans , and his bare feet . 
 he had no military training . 
 he had n't been in a fight since the fourth grade . 
 the truth was , he had gotten by for much of his life on looks , and brains , and charm . 
 charm would n't persuade these men of anything . 
 michael was suddenly sorry he had opened the door . 
 he stifled an urge to turn around and see what rachel was doing back in the house . 
 it had been a beautiful day , the best in a long , long while . 
 then the bomb . 
 and now this . 
 `` michael simms ? '' 
 the man said again . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` we 're doing a security check of the neighborhood . 
 there was an incident last night you may have heard about . 
 now there 's a woman on the loose who is extremely dangerous . 
 she was last seen not far from here . 
 do you know anything about this ? '' 
 michael shrugged . 
 lying was n't really part of his skill set . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i have n't noticed anything , but i 've been asleep all day . 
 i just got up . 
 i was working late last night . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 the soldier said . 
 his flat eyes stared at michael . 
 now michael was very , very sorry he opened the door . 
 `` uh , i 'm a bartender . 
 i work sometimes at the ritz-carlton hotel bar downtown . '' 
 the two of them , they were both staring at him . 
 `` listen , who are you guys ? '' 
 `` you have n't seen anything out of the ordinary ? '' 
 `` i told you , '' michael said . 
 `` i was asleep . '' 
 `` okay sir . 
 thank you for your time . '' 
 the two men turned , almost in unison , and walked down the stairs . 
 michael looked , and for the first time noticed their black jeep parked in his driveway circle . 
 as they climbed in , they turned and stared at him . 
 one of them pointed a finger at him like it was an imaginary gun . 
 then he smiled . 
 michael went inside , closed the door and locked it . 
 he slid the deadbolt . 
 he went into the bedroom , but rachel was n't there . 
 he turned to his left , and there she was in a low crouch against the wall , nude , pointing her big rifle at the doorway . 
 at him . 
 at michael . 
 `` who were they ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they said they were some kind of security . '' 
 `` did they ask about me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` what did you tell them ? '' 
 `` rachel , look ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` my name is nine . 
 what did you tell them ? '' 
 `` i told them i was asleep all day . 
 that i work nights as a bartender . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` do i what ? '' 
 `` do you work nights as a bartender ? '' 
 `` no . 
 well , i used to . 
 about 15 years ago . '' 
 she let her head sink to the wooden floor . 
 `` oh jesus , michael . '' 
 * * * howard got the call on his encrypted line . 
 he did n't know the voice he was talking to . 
 it was a kid , but the kid sounded competent enough . 
 they 'd been going house to house all day , and they had stumbled upon something . 
 it looked like they had found her . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` inside a house , about five miles as the crow flies from where she was last seen . 
 the house is only three miles from where we found the airboat with darryl blauer 's body . '' 
 `` how sure are we that this is it ? '' 
 `` 99 % . '' 
 `` anybody in there with her ? '' 
 `` a guy , michael simms , 38 years old . 
 that 's how we know we have the right place . 
 he told our men he was asleep all day because he works nights . 
 he said he was a bartender at the ritz-carlton . 
 it does n't check out . 
 he was lying . 
 he 's a master carpenter . 
 house builder . 
 get this , he builds eco-houses . 
 recycled materials . 
 solar power . 
 that kind of thing . 
 he has n't been a bartender since he was 23 . '' 
 howard liked it . 
 he liked the sound of this michael simms . 
 he liked tree huggers . 
 in general , you could run right over them . 
 `` military service ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` none . '' 
 even better . 
 this guy was no darryl blauer , a man who would rather die than give them back their own property . 
 a man they should have seen coming . 
 if blue had been a little more on the ball , they would have . 
 the thought of blue gave howard a moment of pause . 
 he gazed out the window . 
 the last pink and purple sliver of sunlight was fading from the sky . 
 the ocean looked like a bruise . 
 blue was out there somewhere , hopefully running for his life . 
 `` weapons registered to him ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` i do n't want any repeats of last night . '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` that does n't mean he does n't have any . 
 do n't get cocky . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 we 'll be careful . '' 
 `` good . 
 then take her . 
 blow the door down . 
 blow the walls out . 
 blow the house to kingdom come . 
 whatever it takes . 
 just do n't damage the sexbot . 
 i want it taken fully functional . 
 got that ? '' 
 `` sir , last night the orders were ... '' `` last night was last night . 
 it did n't go very well last night , did it ? 
 so the orders have changed . 
 i want the sexbot . 
 i want it brought here to my house . 
 and i want it undamaged . 
 it 's a very expensive and very sensitive piece of equipment . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 `` we 're clear . 
 what about the guy ? 
 michael simms ? '' 
 howard shook his head . 
 `` he 's dead . 
 it 's very sad , but she already killed him before we got there . 
 there was nothing we could do . 
 see what i mean ? '' 
 `` uh , what about the press ? 
 another death and it could look ... '' `` damn the press , '' howard said . 
 `` that 's not your job . 
 you let me worry about that . 
 just do what i tell you and get it done . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 howard hung up the phone . 
 outside the window , night was here , black as smoke . 
 he could see his reflection in the floor-to-ceiling glass that just a moment ago showed him the ocean . 
 two lovely sexbots , dressed in sheer teddies , lounged on the furniture behind him . 
 he smiled at himself . 
 he was throwing a party tonight , and it was going to be fun . 
 only very special people were invited . 
 and , as always , there were going to be pictures taken of all his guests , pictures that would come in handy in the months and years ahead . 
 howard ran a tight ship . 
 the sky was the limit for this company , and for howard himself . 
 for a second , he imagined a scenario where the president of the united states came to one of his parties and indulged himself . 
 he imagined having photos of the president in naked repose with a few of the company 's most charming ladies . 
 it was a fleeting image , fading very quickly . 
 one step at a time , he told himself . 
 one step at a time . 
 he thought of that company soldier on the phone just now , and he smiled again , even broader than before . 
 he liked it when other people had to call him sir for a change . 
 there was more of that coming in the future . 
 `` girls , '' he said to the two sexbots . 
 `` let 's get ready for the party , shall we ? '' 
 * * * nine was up and moving . 
 there was n't much time . 
 `` do you have any women 's clothes around here ? '' 
 she said to michael . 
 he looked sheepish . 
 he could n't meet her eyes . 
 he gestured at a walk-in closet . 
 `` on the right side . 
 i had someone living with me for a while last year . 
 one day she left . 
 i 've kept her clothes , thinking she might come back for them . 
 so far , she has n't . '' 
 nine went in there . 
 slinky dresses and lingerie . 
 high heels . 
 a pair of blue jeans . 
 no good . 
 she did n't like jeans . 
 then she found a mostly sheer , skin-colored body stocking . 
 that looked good . 
 she put her feet in it and pulled it on over her body . 
 it felt good . 
 it felt right . 
 it was sexy . 
 it clung to her curves . 
 on the floor she found a pair of bright orange sneakers . 
 size 8 women 's . 
 they fit . 
 each sneaker had a balled-up ankle-height running sock in it . 
 it seemed that this woman had left abruptly . 
 just as nine was about to do . 
 she sat on the floor and pulled on the socks and sneakers . 
 then she jumped up and bounced in them a couple of times . 
 they felt good . 
 in case she had to run , she had the right shoes for it . 
 she walked out of the closet . 
 michael 's eyes lit up when he saw her . 
 `` wow . 
 you look ... '' she went to the gun on the table and picked it up . 
 `` do you have a gun ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` me ? 
 no . 
 it 's not my thing . '' 
 she turned back to him . 
 he was cute . 
 there was no sense denying it . 
 he was an awesome lover . 
 he was god 's gift to the female race . 
 it occurred to her that was probably why the body stocking lady had left so suddenly . 
 when you 're god 's gift , you have to share it around . 
 not everyone is comfortable with that . 
 `` i need to take my gun . 
 i ca n't leave it with you . 
 sorry about that . 
 i also need to borrow your car . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` the electric ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` the mustang . 
 i need something that can go . '' 
 `` hey , listen ... '' she pointed the gun at him . 
 she stuck her other hand out . 
 `` keys . '' 
 he stared at her . 
 `` would you do it ? 
 would you really shoot me ? 
 after we ... '' `` michael , i like you very much . 
 but i 'm running out of time . 
 those men are coming back , and when they do , if i 'm still here , you 're going to be very sorry . 
 they wo n't hesitate to shoot you . 
 whether i do it , or they do it , does n't really matter . 
 so do n't test me , okay ? '' 
 he reached into the drawer of a small end table , picked up a set of keys , and put them in her hand . 
 `` that 's an expensive car . 
 it 's my baby . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'll be careful with it . '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 she began to think through his options . 
 `` when i leave , they 'll come back for you . 
 they 're not cops . 
 they 're corporate security . 
 some of them are hired killers . 
 if they find you here , they 'll probably kill you and say i did it . 
 i think your best hope is to call 9-1-1 , tell them i held you hostage , and that i just stole your car . 
 make it clear that i 'm no longer here , but you 're still alive and in danger . 
 you need an ambulance . 
 you 're having a heart attack . 
 something like that . 
 do you have an attic ? '' 
 `` i have a crawl space . '' 
 `` is there a window ? '' 
 `` a small one . '' 
 `` can you fit through it ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't tried . '' 
 `` michael ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` yeah . 
 i could squeeze through it if i had to . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 good . 
 make sure all the doors are locked down here , then hide in the crawl space until the cops or an ambulance comes . 
 the doors probably wo n't matter , they 'll just blow them off the hinges , but it might buy you a few extra seconds . 
 do n't come out for any reason until you hear sirens approaching . 
 even then , wait for them to find you . 
 if the house catches fire , crawl through the window and climb down to the ground . '' 
 michael just stared at her , his mouth slightly open . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` why ca n't i just come with you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i wish you could , i 'd like to keep you , but if you come with me , you 'll be dead inside three minutes . 
 really , this is the best way . '' 
 `` how will you survive ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you 're not a soldier . 
 you 're not designed for battle . '' 
 `` michael , do i really need to give you the stats ? 
 no , i 'm not designed for battle . 
 but put it this way . 
 i 'm 98 % charged . 
 at a full charge , i 'm five times stronger than you . 
 i can run three times as fast . 
 my vision is like an eagle 's . 
 my hearing is vastly better . 
 so are my reflexes . 
 i 'm a technology expert , and i can shoot a man 's eye out at 25 yards . 
 those last two are n't factory specs , but let 's just say they 're add-ons from my original designer . 
 plus , i could be pierced by ten bullets , and if none of them cut my wiring or hit my hard drive - which is wrapped in case-hardened steel , by the way - then i 'll just keep going . '' 
 she tapped his skull . 
 `` you , on the other hand . 
 one bullet here , and you 're finished . '' 
 `` what about the bomb ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 something might turn up . 
 maybe i 'll get lucky . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` okay . 
 you win . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` believe me . 
 i do n't win . 
 there 's almost no possible scenario here where i do n't lose . '' 
 he moved closer to her . 
 they embraced . 
 she felt his body against her sheer body suit . 
 immediately , the heat began to rise between them . 
 `` i would have stayed , '' she said . 
 he looked in her eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 i would have liked that . '' 
 he paused , and his eyes lit up at an idea . 
 `` if you make it ... '' she smiled . 
 `` sure . 
 but i would n't wait up if i were you . '' 
 he took her face in his hands , and they kissed , long and deep . 
 `` i had a great day , '' he said . 
 `` so did i . 
 it was the best sexual experience i 've ever had . 
 i mean that . '' 
 `` coming from you ... '' `` you might be surprised . '' 
 he pulled away and looked at her . 
 she shook her head now . 
 `` no sense wondering , michael . 
 i 've got to go . 
 i 'll come back one day , if i can . 
 i hope you 're still alive . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i appreciate that . '' 
 nine turned , gun in hand , went down the staircase to the basement workshop , and walked through to the garage . 
 * * * the sun had gone down . 
 night was here . 
 the assault team closed in . 
 twenty men came in five armored suvs . 
 eight men approached from the front , five through the woods on either flank . 
 two men , the team leaders , hung back at the cars as a viewing and command post . 
 there was an airboat on the creek behind the house , with one driver and two sharpshooters on board . 
 the men all wore kevlar body suits and helmets . 
 the company had learned its lesson the night before . 
 there would be no mistakes this time . 
 four men crossed quietly in front of the two car garage . 
 the lead man carried a thirty-pound steel battering ram , which should take the front door out in one or two swings . 
 each man after that had a flashbang stun grenade . 
 each man carried a shotgun . 
 the plan was to blow the front door , then throw the flashbangs in . 
 if the team was lucky , the blasts and the blinding light might disable the subjects , or might get them running to the back porch , where the snipers would take them out . 
 on the other hand , it might make them hole up , spoiling for a fight . 
 the third man in line , a young guy named kevin , wiped some sweat out of his eyes . 
 it was another steamy evening . 
 truth be told , he was nervous . 
 he 'd heard about how it went the night before . 
 nine men dead , seven injured , two in critical . 
 he did n't want to die , not for a job . 
 he had spent four years in the u.s. army , two full tours overseas , and he was willing to die for his country . 
 but for a company that made sex toys ? 
 it seemed like a stretch . 
 he had a feeling in his bowels , a loose feeling like how it was before he went into a firefight . 
 he could easily shit his pants . 
 he smiled . 
 loose bowels were his good luck charm . 
 he 'd never gotten so much as a scratch in combat . 
 stop it . 
 pay attention . 
 he brought his mind back to the present moment . 
 the line of men leaned up against the garage door . 
 the stairs were a right turn ten feet ahead . 
 this had to happen fast . 
 he pictured it in his mind . 
 bam ! 
 the door came down , and they threw their flash bangs . 
 his would be second . 
 fall back , wait for the explosions , then rush in . 
 somewhere nearby , there was a sound . 
 it was muffled , but it sounded like a powerful car engine . 
 and it sounded like it was right on the other side of this garage door . 
 the guy in front of him looked back at kevin . 
 his eyes widened . 
 they both turned and looked at the door . 
 * * * nine was n't fully-charged . 
 she was turbo-charged . 
 she sat in the driver 's seat of the mustang inside michael 's closed garage . 
 parked next to her was the electric car , but she barely noticed it . 
 she had her gun , lying across the seat next to her . 
 her hands gripped the steering wheel . 
 it was silent in here , but on the other side of the garage door , she could hear the men massing as they approached the house . 
 a vehicle pulled up . 
 another . 
 another . 
 they sounded like trucks . 
 men were speaking in hushed tones . 
 someone was giving orders . 
 the voices were too low for her to make out what was said . 
 it was time , though . 
 they were here for her , and it was time for her to go . 
 she turned the key in the ignition and the engine barked into life . 
 there was no turning back now . 
 she had a clicker that could open the garage door , but the door would rise too slowly . 
 it would give them too much time to see her , and kill her . 
 no . 
 she had to bust straight through . 
 she put the car in gear . 
 `` okay boys . 
 ready for me ? '' 
 she pressed the gas . 
 the tires shrieked on the concrete floor of the garage , and the car screamed forward , blasting through the door , knocking it down , splintering it into pieces . 
 the car bucked over something , pieces of the door , speed bumps , she did n't know , and she did n't care . 
 to her right and left , men in black were running . 
 ahead , dark suvs were parked at an angle . 
 men took up positions behind them . 
 nine saw the muzzle flashes of their guns . 
 she ducked , just as her windshield shattered inward . 
 tiny pellets of glass sprayed all over her . 
 she stomped on the gas , pressing it all the way . 
 she watched over the top of the dash . 
 the parked trucks zoomed toward her , like they were caught in a fast-moving river . 
 the mustang accelerated . 
 men dove out of the way . 
 boom ! 
 she crashed between the two suvs , metal rending metal . 
 for a moment , her car was stuck between the trucks . 
 a helmeted man appeared at her passenger window . 
 he raised his gun butt , and smashed the window . 
 more glass sprayed . 
 nine picked the gun up off her passenger seat , and fired it out the window . 
 she did n't aim . 
 she just pulled the trigger . 
 the man disappeared , blowing away like a leaf in autumn . 
 she floored the gas pedal again . 
 tires spun on blacktop . 
 the mustang turned sideways , ripping between the two trucks . 
 the sides of her car shredded , peeling back . 
 then she was through . 
 the car burst forward , gathering speed . 
 the back windshield shattered from a burst of gunfire . 
 she raced down the driveway , barely slowing as she made the 90 degree left turn onto the road . 
 she barreled down the center line of two lane blacktop . 
 her headlights were out . 
 steam rose from her radiator . 
 she reached in front of her and pushed the crushed remains of the windshield out of her way . 
 it fell off the hood of the car , splintering into a million tiny fragments as it bounced along the roadway . 
 the engine screamed . 
 she was gaining speed . 
 the needle of the speedometer hit 80 , then 90 , then 100 . 
 the car burst forward , its ride smoothing out , coming into its own at more than a hundred miles per hour . 
 behind her , the pursuit vehicles appeared . 
 she could see their headlights . 
 could they outrun this car ? 
 she did n't think so . 
 her robotic pupils expanded , taking in more light . 
 her sensors soaked up data . 
 pushed to their maximum , the pinnacle of their design , they monitored the sights and sounds around her . 
 the car reached 110 , then 120 . 
 nine took the curves of the road effortlessly , her concentration supreme . 
 no human could achieve this kind of focus . 
 the windshield was gone . 
 she drove in the face of 120 mile an hour winds . 
 nine embraced the speed , the exhilaration . 
 she pushed the car on . 
 130 now . 
 140 . 
 she smiled . 
 she had blown right through them . 
 in the dark sky above her , she thought she heard the whirr of a helicopter . 
 * * * howard was drying off from the shower when the phone rang . 
 steam filled his huge bathroom . 
 it was all stonework and glass in there , and the water in the shower came down from overhead like an afternoon rain . 
 three sexbots were with him in the shower . 
 they were indeed waterproof . 
 he wrapped himself in a soft white towel and pulled out the wall stool . 
 his heart skipped a beat as he pressed the green button on the phone . 
 he hoped this person would tell him something good . 
 `` tell me , '' he said . 
 `` she broke through the lines , '' the voice said . 
 `` there 's a high speed chase on a side road toward the city . 
 michael simms owns a restored classic mustang , a very fast car in the straightaway . 
 she 's driving it . 
 we 've got three more dead , and two severely injured . 
 we 're choppering them out to sarasota memorial right now . '' 
 howard sat in silence . 
 this was exactly what he did n't want to hear . 
 when those men arrived at the hospital , the media were going to know about it . 
 more media coverage was something the company could n't afford right now , and it was something that could end howard 's career at suncoast . 
 the end might be ugly , and violent . 
 his relationship with the chairman was tenuous at best . 
 `` i want a cordon around that house , '' he said . 
 `` if the police come , you hold them off , even if that means a shootout , okay ? 
 they can not come in . 
 also , do not bring the injured to sarasota memorial . 
 negative on that . 
 bring them to the company tower . 
 i want our doctors to see them , not some staff member at a public hospital . 
 have medics ready on the helipad . 
 we 've got medical facilities downstairs . '' 
 `` sir , we have a staff clinic downstairs . 
 people get checkups and stress tests there . 
 people get diet and exercise advice . 
 these men have traumatic injuries . '' 
 `` did you hear me ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do what i say , or it 's your ass . 
 our doctors see those men . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 understood . '' 
 `` good . 
 now what about the owner of the house ? '' 
 `` we have n't found him yet , '' the voice said . 
 `` there 's some concern he may be in the car with her . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 `` we have armed drones in the sky , '' the voice said . 
 `` they 're right on top of her . 
 this is all happening live , and there 's no police presence yet . 
 we still have time to take out the car . 
 we can blow it to hell , if we want . '' 
 `` will that destroy the sexbot unit ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` in all likelihood , yes . '' 
 `` can they blow out the tires instead ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but the subject is going in excess of 100 miles per hour . 
 if we blow the tires , that car 's going to get airborne . '' 
 `` i want her , '' howard heard himself say . 
 `` blow the tires . 
 if the sexbot survives the crash , it survives . 
 if not , then so be it . 
 whatever 's left , functional or not , i want it . 
 disable the power source , and bring it here . 
 to my house . 
 tonight . '' 
 he rang off and sighed . 
 susan really knew how to make herself a menace . 
 * * * fifty miles to the north , on the outskirts of tampa , in a nondescript suburban office park , there was a squat four-story building . 
 the building had no identifying markings of any kind . 
 two-dozen cars were parked in the lot outside , all of the cars late-model bmws , mercedes , lexuses and the like . 
 on the fourth floor , in a corner of the building , the lights were on , shining like a beacon in the dark night . 
 inside the fourth-floor office , a group of young men sat at work stations outfitted with as many as six computer monitors , beneath the glare of fluorescent lighting . 
 each man held a joystick controller in one hand , and a throttle in the other . 
 the men , though in their late 20s and early 30s , were the kind who spent their working lives sitting at desks - soft , tending toward overweight , with pale skin . 
 many were unshaven , and their eyes were dark hollows . 
 their uniform seemed to be dress shirts and khaki pants . 
 a few wore ties . 
 these were the robot drone pilots . 
 the screens showed them the camera views from up to 100 drones currently in the sky over south florida , as well as a handful buzzing the oil rigs out in the gulf of mexico . 
 they passed their days watching drug deals go down , watching the coast guard board speedboats off miami , watching armed robbery suspects tearing down the highway with the police in hot pursuit , watching men cheat on their wives , watching women cheat on their husbands , watching turncoats sell company secrets in supermarket parking lots . 
 they were the eyes in the sky , and they were always watching . 
 the detritus of junk food containers littered the areas around their stations . 
 big mac wrappers , discarded energy drink cans , half-eaten snickers bars . 
 the men wore headsets and they stared intently into the screens in front of them . 
 there was the buzz of near constant chatter . 
 the man 's name was dave . 
 the guys called him red bull , for his habit of downing as many as a dozen cans of the energy drink per day . 
 one of the gofers had brought him a cheeseburger and fries from wendy 's a little while ago , and he had inhaled them in three minutes . 
 he had n't realized he was so hungry . 
 his ever-present can of red bull was on a small shelf to his left . 
 his mouth chewed a piece of gum , rapid-fire . 
 in this room , he was the ace . 
 he had grown up on video games . 
 he had spent six years at the u.s. military 's central command , just up the road , learning to wipe out camel jockeys from thousands of miles away . 
 that was the best job he ever had . 
 the only reason he left it was the pay . 
 nowadays he made about twice what he used to make , but there were days when he regretted the change . 
 corporate spy work . 
 there was no action whatsoever . 
 he and his co-workers just sat here and watched the deals go down , day after day , night after night , but they never intervened . 
 they never blew anyone away . 
 to the extent possible , they never even revealed their presence . 
 but tonight was different . 
 tonight was his night . 
 he watched the speeding car , outlined in green below him . 
 ground speed : 134 . 
 he spun his video camera and looked back down the road . 
 headlights below and far back now , half a mile away . 
 he brought the camera back and centered it on his prey . 
 his hand moved the joystick with a mind of its own . 
 he was not conscious of controlling it . 
 he 'd been doing this for so long , it was all second nature . 
 he thought something and the drone did it . 
 he was very nearly one with the drone . 
 around him in the air , the sky was busy with drones . 
 some were too close . 
 he could see them zooming in and out of his view screens . 
 everybody was moving fast , punching it . 
 everybody wanted to be there . 
 talking , talking , talking came over the headset . 
 the other pilots in the room were excited . 
 chatterboxes . 
 they were wired , nervous . 
 a lot of them had never been in on something like this before . 
 a loud voice came over the headset . 
 `` okay , okay , okay . 
 everybody shut the fuck up . '' 
 it was the team leader craig . 
 he was older , maybe 35 . 
 ex-navy . 
 he sat about ten work stations away . 
 the room went silent when he spoke . 
 `` red bull , you with me ? '' 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 `` born ready , '' he said . 
 he smiled . 
 he snapped his gum faster . 
 the gum was turning hard now . 
 the flavor had gone out of it about ten minutes ago . 
 `` okay , i just got the word . 
 we 're taking her out . '' 
 a small cheer went over the line from the other work stations . 
 `` shut the fuck up , i said . 
 i want it quiet over this line . 
 i do n't want to hear a fucking word from anybody . 
 except you , red . '' 
 `` okay , '' red bull said . 
 `` all right , so what do you need from me ? '' 
 red bull thought about it . 
 he watched the car take a slight bend in the road , and slow down from 127 to 123 . 
 barely slowing at all . 
 the road straightened out , and the car went right back up to 130 . 
 the girl could drive . 
 as he watched , another drone crossed his vision , just below him . 
 `` can you back these assholes up a bit ? 
 i got people on my elbows , above me , under me , all over me out here . 
 i need some room . '' 
 a drop of sweat ran down his forehead and into his eye . 
 he wiped it away . 
 `` done , '' said the team leader . 
 `` back up , assholes . 
 you heard the man . 
 everybody back . 
 all the way back . 
 if i see you within 50 meters of red , i 'm docking your pay for the night . 
 got it ? 
 that 's starting now . '' 
 a few grumbles came over the line . 
 but they backed up . 
 red bull moved the drone into position , above the car and a little behind it . 
 he put the cross hairs on it . 
 he moved the drone 's bottom-mounted machine gun into place . 
 everybody was watching him . 
 everybody was looking at that car . 
 he was on stage . 
 all eyes on me . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you want me to take the gas tank ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 hit the tires . 
 we 're taking the car off the road . 
 we 're not blowing it up . '' 
 red bull shook his head . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 he did n't like to criticize . 
 he moved the drone again , speeding up and taking it out to the left , changing position . 
 he came around the side of the car . 
 he put the cross hairs on the left front tire . 
 the car went over a small rise , and he lost the tire from his sights for a few seconds . 
 then he put the cross hairs right back on there . 
 `` i 've acquired the target , '' he said . 
 `` just say when . '' 
 `` whenever you 're ready . 
 fire at will . '' 
 * * * nine was supremely concentrated on the road . 
 she was going very fast , the wind howling in her face through the empty windshield . 
 the huge engine of the mustang screamed . 
 she glanced into the rear view mirror . 
 the other cars were falling back . 
 she was losing them . 
 yes ! 
 for the first time , she began to think ahead . 
 where to go ? 
 in ten minutes , she would make it to the city limits . 
 the more of a nuisance she could make herself , the better her chances . 
 she pictured herself driving the car straight downtown , crashing it through a fancy art gallery window . 
 then taking the gun and fighting it out with them on the streets . 
 the police would come . 
 the company would n't want that . 
 they would want to do it all in silence , sweep everything under the rug . 
 she thought of how it would be talking to the police . 
 on their own , they 'd never believe her . 
 they 'd think she was a piece of evidence , and they would n't act in time . 
 they 'd probably put her out in a field where she could safely detonate . 
 hmmm . 
 maybe she could take hostages inside a building , and allow a newspaper reporter in for an interview . 
 she could get her story out to the world . 
 with a reporter there , and the real story out , maybe then the police would come in and disarm the bomb . 
 if they even knew how . 
 she pressed the accelerator and zoomed up over a low rise . 
 she glanced back again . 
 the pursuit cars were falling all the way back now . 
 she began to smile . 
 she was going to make it . 
 she was going to find someone who could help her . 
 the police , an encryption expert , someone ... she heard the whirr of a helicopter again , somewhere above her . 
 slowly , the smile faded . 
 it turned into a frown . 
 the drones . 
 they were up there , all over the black sky . 
 the cars had fallen back because the drones ... * * * red bull narrowed the cross hairs . 
 he zoomed in on the left front tire . 
 `` okay , '' he said , his voice just above a whisper . 
 `` everybody take it easy ... '' he fired a burst , .338 caliber ammunition , traveling 2,600 feet per second . 
 he saw the tire pop , a tiny spark of green light . 
 the car traveled another few feet , then flew into the air , back end over front . 
 it flipped a few times then log rolled on its side , sparks flying , the car bounding down the road at 100 miles per hour , chunks of metal flying everywhere . 
 it hit a tree by the side of the road . 
 the back half of the car sliced off , but the cockpit kept going , spun around , and slid to a halt further up the road . 
 a loud cheer went up all around the room and over his head set . 
 someone clapped him on the back . 
 he had n't known anyone was standing behind him . 
 he turned and it was craig , the team leader , grinning from ear to ear . 
 craig raised his arms above his head , as though he were signaling a touchdown in football . 
 `` man ! '' 
 red bull said . 
 it had been a while since he was in the game , and it felt good to be back . 
 `` did you guys see that ? '' 
 * * * chapter 07 blue was dozing in bed . 
 he was half in a dream state , and thinking about how when he was a young man , he 'd been brought onto a team that trekked across the vast wilderness of northern canada . 
 he could see the snow-capped mountains in the distance , as the team moved along a forest trail . 
 he could picture himself as he was then - big , stronger than anyone in the group , a glorified porter , but also hired muscle in case the expedition ran into trouble . 
 they 'd gone up there because someone thought they had spotted a small tribe or family of bigfoots from the air , and because the wealthy founder of a computer security firm wanted one . 
 the man kept a zoo on his lands in montana , with all types of unusual animals . 
 a bigfoot would be the most unusual animal of all . 
 the team never found a bigfoot , though they did find evidence of something , from half-eaten animals , to scat , to remote cabins broken into and plundered . 
 blue started to drift off again . 
 he had enjoyed that trip . 
 it was a pleasant memory . 
 and it was nice to sleep so much . 
 he imagined that if they ever caught number nine , they 'd keep her in a zoo like an animal . 
 he woke with a start . 
 he was in a small beachfront condominium not a mile down the road from howard 's house . 
 he was on a double bed in the master bedroom of the condo . 
 the condo itself was on the second floor , and was narrow , more like a motel room than an actual home . 
 he reached behind his head and swept under the pillow with his hand . 
 his gun was there . 
 he had chosen the second floor because if push came to shove , there was only one way for someone to come in , but several ways for him to go out . 
 the condo had two screened-in sun porches which he could easily break through and jump ten or twelve feet down to the pool area , if he had to . 
 this was what he was looking for when he told the taxi driver he 'd know it when he saw it . 
 there were thousands upon thousands of holiday condos in the sarasota area . 
 at any give time , even during the height of winter , hundreds of them were empty . 
 what blue had needed was a place , slightly run-down , and walkable to howard 's house . 
 then he needed to skulk around the development a little while , and see if he might run into a maid who could use a little extra money , who knew which apartments were full , which ones were empty , and who had keys to all of them . 
 he did these things , and found this nice second-rate condo for the day and the evening . 
 he got it for just $ 200 in cash - $ 100 upfront , and $ 100 payable after he had gotten a full day 's sleep without anyone coming in and bothering him . 
 blue had slept like a baby , and had n't heard so much as a peep all day . 
 he got up and padded nude around the small apartment . 
 he hardly remembered the place at all . 
 he 'd been tired when he got here . 
 he and green had flown in on the red eye from the west coast two nights ago . 
 they were awake all the next day , setting up the susan jones job . 
 they did the job , and then blue had gone all night into this morning with no more than a few blinks of shut eye . 
 blue went in the kitchen and opened the refrigerator . 
 there were a few items left in there . 
 mayonnaise . 
 a half-eaten jar of pickles . 
 horseradish . 
 he poked around until he found a bottle of beer . 
 he glanced at the label . 
 they were putting expiration dates on beer nowadays . 
 in the old days beer never expired . 
 this one had gone bad back in december . 
 oh well . 
 he twisted the cap off and took a swig . 
 it tasted fine . 
 he stood inside the small screened-in porch off the tiny dining area . 
 a half moon rode high above the water outside . 
 beautiful . 
 a quiet knock came at the front door to the apartment . 
 just in time . 
 he went to the door and checked through the keyhole . 
 it was the maid . 
 he opened up for her . 
 she was small and dark , mexican , very pretty . 
 she stepped inside . 
 she wore jeans and a t-shirt - she had ditched the cleaning lady uniform from this morning . 
 she did n't seem overly concerned or even surprised to see this large man standing there naked . 
 `` momento , '' blue said . 
 he held up one finger . 
 she nodded . 
 he went in the bedroom and dug through the suit he 'd worn this morning . 
 he came out with the money . 
 back in the hallway , he handed her the second $ 100 . 
 `` tiene las otras cosas ? '' 
 he said . 
 do you have the other things ? 
 she nodded again . 
 `` si . '' 
 she reached into a paper shopping bag she was carrying and came out with a large owl mask . 
 she handed it to him . 
 he put it on his head , checking for size . 
 it fit fine . 
 he stood in front of her , a huge naked man in a party owl mask . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he said in spanish . 
 the woman laughed , and now she was very , very pretty . 
 `` estupido . '' 
 she took a few more things out of her shopping bag . 
 a black t-shirt and blue shorts . 
 a pair of ankle socks . 
 a cheap pair of running shoes . 
 he handed her two more bills . 
 she took them , then looked up at him again . 
 he still had n't removed the mask . 
 `` i need the apartment for another hour , '' he said . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` bueno . '' 
 `` no diga nada a alquien . '' 
 do n't tell anybody anything . 
 she smiled . 
 `` soy una cripta . '' 
 i am a crypt . 
 she went out , and blue took the mask off . 
 `` i 'm a crypt , '' he said to nobody . 
 he drank another slug of the beer , and sighed heavily . 
 he might as well take a shower and get ready . 
 he was going to walk down the beach to howard 's house and sneak into the party somehow . 
 that was the long and short of his plan . 
 maybe he and howard would make it up and let bygones be bygones . 
 maybe he and howard would die tonight . 
 and number nine ? 
 he shook his head . 
 it could never be . 
 he must have been out of his mind to think it could . 
 he regretted his need for sleep . 
 if he had remained awake and stayed in the game today , he might have been able to do something to save her . 
 but in the shape he was in , and with the company bearing down , he probably would have just got himself killed . 
 nine would be dead by now . 
 the whole thing had been a set up . 
 howard had never intended to capture her in the first place . 
 the company had probably killed her , taken her various pieces and dropped them to the bottom of the ocean . 
 blue felt bad about that , he really did . 
 and he rarely felt bad about anything . 
 for a second , he allowed himself the fantasy that nine had somehow survived the night , survived the day , and was alive and still on the run somewhere . 
 but where ? 
 where would she go ? 
 he shook his head , more to clear it than anything . 
 there was no way she could have escaped . 
 even if by some miracle she did escape , there was a time bomb inside of her , and it was set to go off ... he glanced at the clock on the wall ... in a little over two hours . 
 nine was dead , or about to be dead . 
 it really was that simple . 
 * * * nine was alive . 
 she was trapped inside the wreckage of the car . 
 she had blanked out for a moment , but everything was coming back online now . 
 behind her eyes , a systems check was underway . 
 she watched it . 
 a few glitches , a few skips , but for the most part , hundreds of processes loading without trouble . 
 she tried to move her body , but could n't . 
 she was completely encased in twisted metal . 
 she glanced around . 
 the other half of the car was back down the road , on fire . 
 this car was michael 's pride and joy . 
 she had said she would take care of it . 
 oh well . 
 she had n't really believed it herself when she said it . 
 her right arm was free . 
 she reached around on the seat next to her for the gun , but she could n't find it . 
 it could be on the floor . 
 it could be on the road . 
 it could be anywhere . 
 a black suv pulled up nearby . 
 four men climbed out , dressed in black body armor and helmets . 
 three of them had guns drawn , and moved in slowly , covering her . 
 they were grim-faced , angry . 
 of course they were . 
 she had probably killed a few of their friends back there . 
 the fourth soldier sidled up to the car . 
 he smiled . 
 `` pretty spectacular crash , huh ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't really see it . '' 
 `` well , take it from me . 
 it was something else . '' 
 he reached inside the car window . 
 nine felt his hand on the back of her neck . 
 expertly , he pried open a control panel back there with his fingers . 
 `` how are you feeling ? 
 systems okay after all that ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it does n't seem like anything major got hit . 
 a few minor processes did n't load , but i ca n't tell the difference . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay , good . 
 so i 'm going to pull the plug now . '' 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 there must be something she could say , something this man must want , maybe something she could give him . 
 `` sweet dreams , princess . '' 
 it was the last thing she heard . 
 * * * michael simms crouched in the darkness . 
 he was in the attic crawlspace of his house . 
 his heart raced . 
 he could feel the blood thumping in his chest , and in his head . 
 men were downstairs , moving through the house , calling out to one another . 
 there had been several loud explosions down there . 
 it seemed like they were throwing incendiary devices into each room before they searched it . 
 he had come up here as soon as he heard number nine drive his car through the garage door . 
 that 's when the shooting started . 
 if nothing else , michael had realized something about himself tonight . 
 he did n't like loud noises . 
 car crashes ? 
 explosions ? 
 they really were n't for him . 
 about five feet away , someone downstairs pulled the cord that opened the ladder to the crawl space . 
 it had only been a matter of time . 
 michael glanced at the small window in the far corner . 
 it was sealed for energy efficiency . 
 he could n't break through there if he wanted to . 
 and he really did n't want to anyway . 
 push through the window and then what ? 
 fall three stories ? 
 that sounded like fun . 
 no . 
 his best bet was probably just to surrender . 
 light streamed in now from below . 
 a man clambered heavily up the ladder . 
 a helmeted head appeared , followed by broad shoulders . 
 then a flashlight came on , and it swept the darkness of the tiny space . 
 the light shone in michael 's eyes , blinding him . 
 he put his hands up . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` okay , you got me ! 
 i 'm not armed . '' 
 the helmeted man said nothing . 
 michael looked down to protect his eyes from the light . 
 as he watched , a small red dot appeared in the middle of his chest . 
 he looked up again . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he said . 
 * * * ninety minutes had passed since blue first woke up . 
 he did n't like to think about it , but if nine was still alive somewhere , she had about forty minutes to go . 
 he jogged up the beach in a heavy nighttime fog . 
 the wet sand made it like jogging through sludge . 
 each step was an effort . 
 to his left , he could hear , but not really see , the waves breaking on the shore . 
 the dense fog obscured everything . 
 but he knew that howard 's house was very close . 
 blue wore the shorts , t-shirt and running shoes the condo maid had brought him . 
 he had two guns strapped in shoulder holsters , one on each side . 
 he had taken the holsters from the guys who had tried to kill him this morning . 
 he had a steak knife he 'd found in the kitchen of the condo taped to his right calf . 
 he also wore the owl mask . 
 that was it . 
 that was the whole plan . 
 he was going to show up there strapped with guns , and with an owl mask on his face . 
 he had no idea what the dress code was at a party like this , or if there even was one . 
 he imagined the wealthy guests would be most comfortable wearing , and doing , whatever they wanted . 
 the fence to howard 's estate was just ahead now . 
 blue pictured the property . 
 it was expansive , with rolling lawns along one side , a pool , and a great deal of beachfront . 
 there was also a little protected inlet with a dock where howard kept his boats . 
 howard had at least one really nice boat parked here . 
 it was a 48 foot cigarette boat , a monster , with a top speed of over 100 miles per hour . 
 blue had priced a couple of them once . 
 three quarters of a million dollars and up , a little steep for a working man like blue . 
 maybe for a boat he was going to live on , but you could n't live on a cigarette boat . 
 he could see the lights of the house from here . 
 he could hear some music playing through the damping effect of the fog . 
 two men stood at the fence . 
 the beach was supposed to be a public right-of-way , but howard did n't believe in the public , or in their rights-of-way . 
 if you wanted to walk on howard 's beach , you 'd better bring some cops with you . 
 both of the guards wore bird masks , and long black robes , with rope ties at the waist . 
 they were big guys . 
 blue jogged up to them out of the mist . 
 he did n't take the time to think about the funny medieval robes , except that they were probably packing heat under there . 
 he was only going to get one chance at this , so it had to work the first time . 
 `` hi guys , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , '' the first man said , holding up a big meaty hand . 
 `` this is a private party . 
 invited guests only . '' 
 `` i 'm an invited guest , '' blue said , breathing hard . 
 `` i just thought i would jog over tonight , instead of , you know , take the limo in . 
 i thought i might work up a sweat first . 
 it feels kind of sexy . '' 
 the second man produced a tablet computer from under his robe . 
 `` your name , sir ? '' 
 `` my name ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well , i 'd hesitate to tell you that . 
 i 'm a little bit well-known , and i prefer to keep my affairs private . '' 
 `` your code name , sir . '' 
 `` my code name , '' blue repeated . 
 he was starting to feel just a little bit stupid . 
 `` yes , if you were invited , the invitation had a code name on it that you would use when entering . 
 that way guests can safeguard their privacy . 
 do you have a code name ? '' 
 okay , that was about as far as this little ruse was going to make it . 
 blue did n't have a code name , and he could n't begin to guess at one . 
 it was time for plan b. `` boy , that 's cool , '' he said . 
 `` code names and everything . '' 
 he took a deep breath , and centered himself . 
 the two big guys stared at him . 
 behind their masks , their eyes were hard . 
 the one with the tablet computer took a step forward . 
 `` yes . 
 if you were really invited , you would have one . '' 
 `` well , i 'll tell you what , '' blue said . 
 he drove his fist into the man 's face . 
 the man fell backward , falling down , dropping the tablet to the sand . 
 blue spun , and stepped in close behind the second guard . 
 he grabbed the man 's head , and snapped it hard to the left , nearly turning it all the way around , breaking his neck . 
 he dropped the body to the ground . 
 the man made horrible sounds , gasping for air . 
 blue would come back to finish him in a minute . 
 the one on the ground scrabbled away on his hands and knees , like a crab . 
 instead of staying to fight , he was making a run for it . 
 blue could n't allow that . 
 he ran , leapt , and tackled the guy . 
 the guy reached under his cloak for something , maybe his gun , but blue locked up his arm . 
 they wrestled on the beach , arms and legs grasping and clawing . 
 there was no sound but their heavy breathing . 
 the guy was strong . 
 strong . 
 blue reached under the guy 's cloak , pulled the gun , and threw it away . 
 they fought on , rolling in the sand . 
 blue pushed the guy 's face to the ground . 
 the guy spun and rolled over . 
 now blue was on top . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the guy shouted . 
 it was barely more than a croak . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 blue covered the guy 's mouth with the blade of his hand . 
 the guy bit down on blue 's hand . 
 hard . 
 blue 's urge was to pull his hand away , but he drove it in deeper instead . 
 he pushed the man 's head backwards with it , exposing the throat . 
 the man 's hands reached for blue 's face . 
 blue punched the man in the adam 's apple . 
 `` glunck ! '' 
 the man said . 
 blue reared back and hit him again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 four punches to the windpipe , and the guy stopped fighting . 
 he just lay there , making strangling noises . 
 blue rolled over and lay next to him in the wet night sand . 
 blue stared straight up at the sky . 
 his heart was pumping . 
 his brain was thudding . 
 he took a moment to compose himself . 
 skidding clouds flew by over his head . 
 he glanced at the guard . 
 the guy 's eyes were wide open . 
 his breathing was rapid , shallow and high-pitched , like steam escaping from a ruptured pipe . 
 his hands clawed at his own throat , trying to do the impossible , which was re-open a crushed breathing passage . 
 blue waited while his own breathing and heartbeat slowed down . 
 he listened to the waves , to the music coming from the house , to the gentle rustle of the wind in the palm trees . 
 he felt the throb of pain where the guy had bitten his hand . 
 if he thought about , it seemed he could feel where the bite marks swelled with blood . 
 blue glanced at the security guard again . 
 the man had stopped moving . 
 his eyes were wide open and staring . 
 blue settled deeper into the sand . 
 he took a deep breath , and then exhaled all the way . 
 it was like the air going out of a tire . 
 `` that was easy , '' he said . 
 * * * nine dreamed of a lighthouse from an earlier century , far away on a rocky coast . 
 it seemed that she was the lighthouse keeper . 
 she walked a well-worn seaside path . 
 she stepped quickly among the stones , because she had to light the lamps before dark . 
 the memory faded , if it was even a memory . 
 it was replaced by her boot menu . 
 soon , lines of code were scrolling by in a blur . 
 she opened her eyes , and a large room appeared . 
 nine was in that room . 
 it was a lovely , modern bedroom . 
 everything was white . 
 there was a gigantic , double king-sized bed in front of her . 
 there was a long white sofa with matching accent chair . 
 there was a flat-panel monitor , perhaps six feet across , hanging on one wall . 
 a huge wall-length , floor to ceiling window gave a view of the dark night , and the ocean , black on black . 
 the night was partially obscured by fog . 
 even so , from here she could see the brief white foam breaks of whitecaps on the water . 
 `` hello susan , '' a voice said . 
 `` you 've led us on quite a chase . '' 
 she turned her head , and a man was there . 
 he was short , with a big , balding head , a mad shock of rust-colored hair , and a large , almost beak-like nose . 
 he wore a baby blue bathrobe . 
 he stood near her , flanked on either side by two beautiful women in lingerie . 
 one of the women was blonde . 
 the other was a black woman with an afro hairdo the size of a beach ball . 
 `` hello howard , '' nine said . 
 `` please call me number nine . '' 
 she tried to move her hands , but of course her wrists were tied with thick leather straps to two metal poles . 
 her legs were spread , and tied with leather straps at the thighs and the ankles , also to metal poles . 
 she was bound to some kind of device , something which bent her backwards just slightly . 
 she tried to get a look at it , but she could n't make out quite what it was . 
 she saw she was still wearing the bodysuit from earlier in the night . 
 `` it 's a wheel , '' howard said . 
 `` in case you 're wondering . '' 
 he grabbed one of the poles , and gave it a spin . 
 nine 's face went straight toward the floor , her legs in the air behind her . 
 she did a somersault in place as the room spun , the white carpet passing , then the wall , then the ceiling , and back to where she started . 
 howard was there again , still smiling . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i can spin you around and around . 
 but really it 's so i can position you any way i want you . 
 i can put your mouth where i want it . 
 i can put your ass where i want it . 
 i can have access to any part of you , any time i want . '' 
 nine was silent . 
 the spin was a little bit dizzying , like a carnival ride . 
 `` that was fun , '' she said . 
 `` do you know why i want access to any part of you ? 
 so i can have sex with you , susan . 
 oh , i 'm sorry . 
 number nine . 
 so i can fuck you any way i want . 
 because that 's what i 'm going to do . 
 i 'm going to have you however i like , then i 'm going to decide what to do with you next . 
 i might just have your hard drive removed and crushed for scrap metal . 
 and where will susan be then ? 
 gone , i 'm guessing . 
 just ... gone . 
 i 'd say dead , but you 're already dead , are n't you ? 
 you 're the ghost in the machine . 
 you 're dead , and soon you 'll be gone . '' 
 `` well , i 'm glad to see that chivalry is n't dead , '' nine said . 
 `` no , not like you . 
 not like dead and gone susan . '' 
 he raised a hand . 
 `` but do n't worry . 
 you 've got some time . 
 about twenty-three minutes , according to that little timer under your arm . '' 
 howard held up a piece of white paper . 
 it was small , like a piece of notepaper from a pad left in a hotel room . 
 something was written on it . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 `` the prescription for your bi-polar meds ? '' 
 nine said . 
 howard smiled . 
 `` good guess . 
 no . 
 it 's the 10-digit code to disable the bomb inside you . 
 see , i 'd like to keep you around a little while longer , as my plaything . 
 i 've got a fully-armored , soundproof closet all tricked out for you . 
 you 'll just be in there , helpless , waiting until i 'm ready to play with you . 
 then i 'll let you out for a little while until i 'm satisfied . 
 then back in you go . 
 that 's the life you have to look forward to , susan . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` charming , '' nine said . 
 `` it 's the life of a slave , '' howard said . 
 `` but here 's the best part . 
 i 'm going to make you beg for that life . 
 sometime in the next twenty minutes , you 're going to beg me to let you live . 
 and i mean grovel . 
 you 're going to lick my feet , and lick ... anywhere i say . 
 all the while , you 'll be begging and calling me master . 
 otherwise , i 'm not going to input the code , and the bomb 's going to go off , and you 're just going to sizzle and die . '' 
 nine found that after the events of the past twenty-four hours , she was out of ideas . 
 she tried to run some escape options , but she could n't think of a single one . 
 instead , she became curious about howard . 
 he was still smiling . 
 `` can you imagine what a turn-on this is for me ? '' 
 he said . 
 nine stared at him . 
 he seemed different from the last time they met . 
 she could n't put her finger on it . 
 but then again , she supposed she had changed a lot since the last time , too . 
 `` are you upset about something , howard ? 
 i mean , did i do something to annoy you ? 
 you seem a little irritated . '' 
 `` did you do something to annoy me ? 
 susan , let me count the things you 've done to annoy me . '' 
 he began to count the offenses off on his fingers . 
 `` first , you tried to block the progress of the methusaleh project . '' 
 `` my project , '' nine said . 
 howard smiled . 
 `` the company 's project , susan . 
 you remember the company , do n't you ? 
 suncoast cybernetics ? 
 they were the ones who paid your very high salary , and made you rich before the age of 30 . 
 the technology in question belonged to the company . '' 
 `` okay , '' nine said . 
 `` second , you did n't die when you were supposed to . 
 instead , you made an unauthorized download . '' 
 `` the first human trial , '' nine said . 
 `` remember how badly you wanted to go to human trials ? '' 
 `` third , you destroyed company property , namely the robot mr. green . 
 fourth , you caused the deaths of , at last count , at least twelve company employees . 
 fifth , you sullied the name of this company in the local , national , and world media . '' 
 `` i guess i 've been a bad girl , '' nine said . 
 howard 's smile broadened . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you see , susan , you should n't have messed with me . 
 oh , you were the big smart scientists , right ? 
 you and martin . 
 but you were both dummies , too . 
 you had no business sense . 
 you had no idea who you were fooling with . '' 
 `` you envied us . '' 
 howard 's smile died . 
 it died so fast it was as if it had fallen through a trapdoor . 
 `` i did n't envy you . 
 i made you . 
 i recruited you into this company . 
 you thought you were better than me , but you were wrong . 
 now look at you . '' 
 `` you tried to date me , howard . 
 is that what this is about ? 
 that you tried to date me all those years ago , and i said no ? '' 
 howard shook his head and smiled sadly . 
 `` do you think i needed you ? 
 i have beautiful girls any time i want . 
 all day long , in fact . '' 
 he gestured at the two sexbots , waving his arm like a game show host revealing the grand prize . 
 `` like these girls here ... '' `` that i created . '' 
 howard came very close to her . 
 his face was inches from hers . 
 his teeth were like white razors . 
 she would n't be surprised if he bit into the flesh at her neck . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i had martin killed . 
 you probably know that . 
 i also had you killed . 
 now you 're going to be owned by the man who gave you everything , and then took it all away . 
 but first i 'm going to make you beg . 
 not for revenge . 
 not to prove any kind of point . 
 just because i feel like it . '' 
 he stepped back . 
 `` ladies ? '' 
 he said . 
 the two sexbots moved into place at his sides . 
 they each took one side of his robe , and pulled it away . 
 it dropped to the floor , revealing howard in the nude . 
 his small body was well-muscled and strong . 
 there was barely an ounce of fat . 
 howard must work out all the time . 
 he had the body of a young athlete . 
 he flexed his chest and his arms like a bodybuilder . 
 his muscles rippled . 
 it seemed impossible . 
 nine remembered him as slightly overweight , even paunchy . 
 even worse , between his legs hung an enormous , snake-like , rope-like thing . 
 it was half-erect , and growing harder every moment . 
 thick veins pulsed all over it . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he said , gesturing toward it , obviously proud . 
 `` i 've seen better , '' nine said , but she was alarmed . 
 soon her programming would kick in , and she would be helpless to do anything but obey him . 
 anything he wanted , she would do it . 
 howard smiled . 
 `` i know you 're lying . '' 
 he moved closer . 
 she felt his heat . 
 his body was very , very close now . 
 `` okay , susan , '' he whispered . 
 he glanced at the clock on the wall . 
 `` you 've got sixteen minutes left , give or take . 
 it 's time to start begging . '' 
 * * * the party was a rollicking affair . 
 on the first floor of howard 's mansion , men and women mingled in masks and robes , the elite of southwest florida , the beautiful people of a beautiful region , gearing up to enjoy a wild , remorseless orgy with the most advanced sex robots in the world . 
 the air was electric with excitement . 
 a buzz of expectant chatter echoed off the high ceilings . 
 blue waded through the crowd , dressed in his owl mask and the robe he had taken from one of the guards on the beach . 
 he looked like everyone else at the party , except he was taller and broader than even the biggest men . 
 his size made him uncomfortable . 
 how long before someone wondered about him ? 
 all around him , the guests were drinking , getting loose . 
 sexbots walked through the crowds , high-end demonstration models , wearing elaborate bird masks , high-heeled shoes , and little else . 
 one walked by carrying a tray of drinks . 
 blue scooped up a glass of red wine . 
 a fat man nearby had his meaty arms around two sexbots . 
 he had a glass of wine in each hand . 
 he was already drunk . 
 he had large jeweled rings on each of his fingers . 
 `` drink up , pal ! '' 
 he said to blue . 
 `` you 're way behind . '' 
 blue raised his glass to the man . 
 a sexbot walked up to blue . 
 she wore a feathered owl mask , clear high-heeled shoes , and electric blue panties . 
 she had light brown hair . 
 startling blue eyes looked out from behind her mask . 
 her eyes seemed to match her underwear . 
 she had a perfect body , forever young . 
 `` sir , '' she said . 
 `` would you like to take me upstairs in private ? '' 
 `` there 's nothing i would rather do , '' he said . 
 the sexbot took his hand in hers and led him up the center spiral staircase away from the crowds . 
 as they climbed the stairs , blue took a sip of his drink . 
 it would be nice to duck in somewhere with this girl , but now was as good a time as ever to visit howard , and the girl leading him upstairs was the perfect excuse to do it . 
 blue now had four guns on him - two strapped in shoulder holsters , and one strapped to each of his powerful thighs . 
 all of the guns were glocks - standard company issue , taken from standard company employees . 
 when they reached the top of the stairs , the sexbot tried to go left , but blue steered her to the right , toward howard 's private wing . 
 `` sir , '' the sexbot said , her voice sultry . 
 `` our room is this way . '' 
 `` i 'd like to try a room down this way . '' 
 `` those rooms are restricted , sir . '' 
 blue slipped his hand out of hers , and gripped her wrist instead . 
 he pulled her along , though she did n't resist much . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm good friends with the owner . 
 he wants me to come down to see him . 
 we 're both going to party with you . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` oh . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 from memory , blue took another right , then followed a long hallway . 
 `` what are you men going to do with me ? '' 
 the sexbot said . 
 blue shrugged . 
 `` you know . 
 the usual . '' 
 `` oh , goodie . '' 
 they made a left turn . 
 just ahead was the door to howard 's apartment . 
 a guard stood in front of the door , also dressed in owl mask and robe . 
 the guard made a stop sign gesture with his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 but this is a private area . '' 
 `` private ? '' 
 blue slurred his speech as if he was drunk . 
 he downed the last of his wine . 
 `` they told me i could take this pretty little thing upstairs here . '' 
 he dropped the crystal glass to the floor , and it shattered . 
 the guard looked at the broken glass at his feet , and shook his head just a touch . 
 blue could sense his disapproval . 
 these were the parties the boss wanted to throw nowadays - drunken idiots wandering around the mansion , breaking things . 
 `` you can , sir . 
 if you go back down the hall there ... never mind . 
 there are a few turns involved . 
 i 'll call someone to escort you back . '' 
 the man reached under his cloak . 
 blue noticed his earpiece , and the wire running down behind his neck . 
 blue slid his own hand under his cloak , reached into his left shoulder holster , and came out with the gun . 
 he held it concealed under the cloak . 
 he flipped the gun so he had it by the barrel . 
 he took one step forward , and in one motion , pulled the gun from under his cloak and slammed it across the guard 's face . 
 stunned , the man reached for his own gun . 
 but he was too slow . 
 blue grabbed the man 's hand and brought the handle of the gun down on his skull . 
 once , twice , three times . 
 bam , bam , bam ! 
 the third one was the money shot . 
 the man oozed to his knees . 
 behind blue , the sexbot made a sound , not a scream , not a shout , more of an exhalation : `` oooooh . '' 
 blue bent down and hit the man again . 
 and again . 
 after a moment , the man lay still on the marble floor , half slumped against the wall . 
 blue reached inside the man 's cloak and came out with another glock . 
 he turned to the sexbot and held it up . 
 `` gun number five , '' he said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he took the man 's key fob , and found the key card to howard 's front door . 
 he swiped the card through the control unit , and the shot slid upward in the blink of an eye . 
 beyond the doorway was the wide hallway that led to howard 's living room , dining room , and the master bedroom beyond that . 
 blue held his arm out to the sexbot . 
 `` after you , my darling . '' 
 * * * nine watched as howard kissed the two sexbots . 
 they pressed in close on either side of him . 
 howard and his ladies were bare inches from nine . 
 their kisses were wet and sloppy . 
 even howard 's tongue seemed long , longer than a normal human tongue . 
 he turned to nine and grinned . 
 he was ready now , his erection full and at attention . 
 he held it up for her inspection . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` twelve minutes to go , susan . 
 i do n't hear you begging yet . '' 
 `` howard , my name is nine . '' 
 `` how about we change your name ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` how does slave sound ? 
 or maybe slut ? '' 
 he pressed against her , his body touching hers . 
 nine felt his heat , she felt the touch of the thing between his legs . 
 she tried not to become aroused . 
 it was n't working . 
 `` i really want to save you , '' he said gently . 
 `` i want to put you in that closet and use you whenever i feel the urge . 
 but you 're not helping me . 
 maybe we should give you a little spin , and put your mouth down below . 
 then you can show me what it was designed to do . '' 
 `` howard , '' she gasped . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` do n't do this . '' 
 he kissed her on the mouth . 
 his tongue probed her . 
 `` say please . 
 that will be a start . '' 
 her life hung in the balance . 
 if she begged , he might let her live . 
 if she lived , she might find a way to escape . 
 she was very close to doing what he wanted . 
 it was a slippery slope once she started , and she knew howard would never let her off easy . 
 he would make her slide all the way down . 
 `` howard ... '' `` that 's it , beg me for it . 
 come on , susan . 
 beg like a dog . '' 
 to nine 's right , the bedroom door slid open . 
 she turned her head at the sound . 
 howard also turned . 
 a large man wearing an owl mask and a black robe walked in . 
 he had a flat black gun in his hand , and a sexbot with him . 
 she wore nothing but a large feathered bird mask , blue panties , and clear high-heeled shoes . 
 the man stared at them . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 howard said . 
 the man removed his mask , revealing the deeply lined face of mr. blue . 
 he let his robe drop to the floor . 
 now , he wore running shorts and a t-shirt . 
 his big , muscular body was strapped with guns . 
 `` hi howard , '' he said . 
 `` imagine seeing you again . '' 
 he looked at nine 's sheer bodysuit . 
 his eyes widened as he stared at the contraption nine was secured to . 
 `` jeez , number nine , that 's quite an outfit . 
 and quite a ... '' he waved his free hand at the bondage wheel , `` ... device . '' 
 he looked at howard , then back at nine . 
 `` you kids having fun ? '' 
 howard barely looked at him . 
 he turned his focus back to nine . 
 `` blue , now is n't a good time , '' he said . 
 `` in fact , right now this slave of mine and i are a little pressed for time . 
 so if you 'll kindly excuse us ... '' `` howard , i killed six men to be here tonight . 
 you ca n't dismiss me with a wave of your magic wand . '' 
 howard raised a hand . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 things got fucked up . 
 mistakes were made . 
 i probably should n't have tried to kill you . 
 i 'm sure you found that irritating . 
 but admit it , you made a mess of this job . 
 and anyway , you 're still alive , and the fugitive sexbot is right here , so no real harm done . 
 i 'm willing to make amends , drop everything , say forget it all . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , we do n't even need to talk about it . '' 
 `` i appreciate that , '' blue said . 
 `` but i 'll tell you what . 
 i do n't feel like i can drop it that easily . 
 you betrayed me howard . '' 
 howard smiled , still facing nine . 
 he gazed directly into her eyes . 
 to nine , it almost seemed like there was no one in there . 
 howard seemed empty , a zero . 
 `` come on , blue , '' he said . 
 `` this is hardball we 're playing . 
 everybody gets betrayed sooner or later . '' 
 `` yeah , but it hurt my feelings , howard . 
 my therapist says i should n't let people hurt my feelings . '' 
 howard turned , and really looked at blue for the first time . 
 `` blue , you big dumb idiot . 
 i knew you were coming . 
 do n't you get that ? 
 i can read you like a book . 
 i 'm offering you a chance to walk back out that door and live . 
 leave the country . 
 fly down to brazil or wherever you go when you 're not here . 
 call me in a couple of weeks , we 'll figure everything out . 
 in the meantime , do me a big favor , okay ? 
 go back out to the party , have a nice time . 
 i 'm in the middle of something . '' 
 blue smiled . 
 `` and if i do n't walk out the door ? 
 what then , howard ? '' 
 howard shrugged . 
 `` you 'll be dead in the next five minutes . '' 
 blue nodded . 
 `` yeah , but you 'll be dead now . '' 
 blue pointed the gun at howard . 
 howard 's shoulders slumped . 
 he stepped away from nine and faced blue directly . 
 he stood up straight and puffed his strong chest out . 
 `` blue , give me a fucking break , okay ? 
 i 'm the best boss you ever had . 
 are you really going to shoot the golden goose ? '' 
 blue fired . 
 he shot howard in the head . 
 the shot was loud in the enclosed space of the room . 
 nine saw the bullet penetrate howard 's forehead , then blow out the back of his skull . 
 she blinked . 
 fragments of bone , hair , plastic , and metal flew through the air . 
 howard barely moved . 
 his head was dented in front , and ruptured in the back . 
 he stared at blue . 
 he smiled . 
 `` jesus , blue . 
 i guess that makes us even . '' 
 blue fired again . 
 again and again . 
 the shots hit howard 's chest . 
 the sounds were deafening . 
 the sexbots , howard 's two and the one blue brought with him , all covered their ears in unison . 
 nine would have covered her ears , but her wrists were bound . 
 `` blue , '' howard said . 
 `` bluuuuu ... '' he did a jitterbug dance as the bullets penetrated him . 
 the sound of his voice slowly wound down . 
 toward the end , it took on a metallic tone . 
 it no longer sounded like a human voice . 
 it sounded more like a car alarm , slowly fading as the battery died . 
 blue kept firing anyway . 
 howard sank to his knees , but he did n't die right away . 
 he sputtered , trying to stand back up , trying to say something . 
 sparks flew from his many bullet holes . 
 his head did a weird , sideways wrenching move at the top of his neck . 
 he caught fire briefly , the flames blue and red . 
 then the fire went out , replaced by tendrils of black smoke . 
 his eyes blinked . 
 his hands closed and opened , closed and opened . 
 he fell over sideways and died . 
 for a moment , no one said a word . 
 blue scratched his temple . 
 he stared down at howard 's body . 
 `` did you know he was a robot before you shot him ? '' 
 nine said . 
 `` i had my suspicions . '' 
 `` what tipped you off ? '' 
 blue shook his head . 
 `` i walked in here , took one look at howard , and i figured he could n't be real . 
 i 've never heard of howard exercising . 
 no way is he in that kind of physical condition . 
 also , no way is his dick that big . 
 i mean , howard ? 
 come on . 
 he has classic little man 's syndrome . 
 he 's got to be compensating for something . '' 
 `` is he going to blow up ? '' 
 blue poked howard 's body with the toe of his running shoe . 
 `` i doubt it . 
 i do n't think he was designed for the battlefield . '' 
 blue turned towards nine . 
 she stared at him , her killer . 
 he was a very large man . 
 his face was grizzled and scarred . 
 he was handsome in his own weird way . 
 `` listen , '' he said . 
 he could n't seem to look her directly in the eyes . 
 `` i 've been thinking a lot about everything that went down yesterday . 
 i realize i 'm probably not your favorite person right now , but if i had known more about the situation ... well , let 's just say i 'm sorry , and i 'm really glad to see that you 're still alive . '' 
 `` i think you 'll understand , '' nine said , `` if i hesitate to forgive you right now . '' 
 he raised his hands as if she had pulled a gun . 
 `` sure , sure . 
 of course . 
 it 's a serious thing . 
 it 's wrong to kill people . 
 i get that . 
 but i 've also been thinking about ... you know , you and me . 
 it seemed like , i do n't know , there was a little spark or something there last night . '' 
 nine smiled , just a little . 
 she shrugged . 
 was he kidding ? 
 of course there was a spark . 
 she was a sexbot . 
 she could spark with anyone . 
 she could spark with a dog , or a gorilla , or a killer whale . 
 she could spark with the high school football team , or the chess club . 
 `` maybe a little something , '' she said . 
 blue let out a long exhalation of air , like he had been holding his breath . 
 `` i knew it . 
 so do you want to come with me ? '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 out of this house , for one thing . 
 i think it 's about to get hot in here . '' 
 `` well , untie me , and let 's talk . 
 i 've got this little bomb inside me , and howard 's got the code there clutched in his hand . 
 i think i do n't have much time left . '' 
 `` oh , jeez , '' blue said . 
 `` i nearly forgot about that . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' nine said . 
 her bodysuit was ripped a little under the arm where the digital reader was . 
 blue pulled the fabric away . 
 he looked at the time . 
 `` six minutes and forty-seven seconds , '' he said . 
 `` and counting . '' 
 `` okay , please hurry , '' nine said . 
 he reached for her straps , but then hesitated . 
 she noticed for the first time that mr. blue had pale blue eyes . 
 perhaps that 's where the name came from . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` can i trust you ? '' 
 he said . 
 behind blue , against the far wall , the giant flat panel tv screen came to life . 
 at first , it showed a blank purple screen . 
 a loud tone sounded . 
 then howard 's face appeared . 
 he wore a dark jacket and a red power tie . 
 he was smiling . 
 blue and the three sexbots turned to face him . 
 nine , still tied to the bondage wheel , had no choice but to look directly at him . 
 `` hi everyone , '' howard said . 
 * * * blue was feeling pretty good . 
 all day , he had n't let himself believe that nine might still be alive . 
 he had n't even let himself think about it . 
 he did n't want to be disappointed . 
 but here she was , alive and well . 
 and she had confirmed what he 'd known to be true - that they had a little something , call it a spark , call it the jazz , call it whatever you wanted , between them . 
 it was n't anything big yet . 
 he knew that . 
 but that spark was something you could build on . 
 you could start a fire with that spark . 
 all blue had to do was punch in the code , and he and nine were free to go anywhere , and do whatever they wanted . 
 but now here was howard , playing more games . 
 despite the interruption , blue even felt good about howard . 
 look at howard 's suit ! 
 blue suit , red tie , very , very corporate . 
 `` technology 's a wonderful thing , is n't it ? '' 
 howard said . 
 `` where 's your robe , howard ? '' 
 blue said . 
 howard sighed . 
 he smiled . 
 `` you ca n't always wear a bathrobe , blue . 
 sometimes you have to change into your big boy clothes . '' 
 `` who are we speaking with ? '' 
 blue said . 
 `` are you the real howard , or just another wind-up toy ? '' 
 howard shrugged . 
 `` you 'll never know . 
 anyway , i 'm just popping on here to say goodbye to you both . 
 i 'd like to say it was a pleasure , but i 'd be lying if i did . 
 susan , you were n't much of a scientist , but you were a brilliant little tinkerer . 
 a robot mechanic , let 's call you . 
 i guess you found out the hard way that 's all you were . 
 and now you make an excellent lab rat . 
 blue , you were never anything more than the hired help - a thug , a murderer , and a wiseass to boot . 
 you had the brains of a tree snail and the ethics of a saltwater crocodile . '' 
 `` howard , from you , i 'll take that as a compliment . '' 
 `` take it however you like . 
 you may remember your former partner , mr. green . '' 
 blue nodded . 
 `` i remember him . '' 
 `` well , you 'll be interested to know that he 's been the subject of a robot cloning project we 've been working on . 
 it turns out that robots are easy to clone . 
 he 's been uploading his experiences at the end of every day for the past year , which are in turn downloaded by a group of identical clones . 
 we 've got a small army of mr. greens , all the same , with all the same memories . 
 so let me allow you to make his acquaintance again . 
 and again . 
 and again . '' 
 howard pressed a button on his wrist watch . 
 somewhere outside the bedroom , in howard 's private suite of rooms , an alarm went off . 
 `` signing off , '' howard said . 
 `` i do n't think we 'll meet again . '' 
 his image became pixilated , then began to fall apart . 
 `` bye now , '' said his disembodied voice as the image evaporated , replaced by a tiny green dot in the center of the screen . 
 `` oh man , '' blue said . 
 `` that does n't sound good . '' 
 he drew the gun from under his left shoulder and walked to the door . 
 he put his hand on it . 
 any second now , something bad was going to happen . 
 he glanced around the room , looking for a way out . 
 he could smash through the windows , then drop two stories to the beach . 
 that might work . 
 `` blue ? '' 
 nine said . 
 `` let 's forget about howard and green for the moment . 
 we need to type in that code . 
 the one that disarms the bomb , remember ? 
 we 're running out of time . '' 
 `` right , '' blue said . 
 he took a step toward howard 's body . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 said the sexbot he had come in with . 
 he glanced at her . 
 she looked wide-eyed and worried . 
 he looked at howard 's sexbots . 
 they were worried , too . 
 every sexbot in the room had big wide eyes , and faces stricken with fear . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 blue said . 
 next to him , the door slid smoothly open . 
 an exact replica of mr. green stood there . 
 he was slim , with the same male-pattern baldness , the blank stare , everything . 
 he and blue were a foot apart . 
 blue did n't hesitate . 
 he pointed his gun at green 's chest , grabbed green by the neck , and started pulling the trigger . 
 he shot him five times at point blank range , blasting shots into where green 's hard drive should be . 
 he shoved green back , still firing . 
 green stood in the hall , staring at blue . 
 smoke started to rise from green 's bullet holes . 
 behind him , two more greens walked up the hallway . 
 the green who was shot began to draw his gun . 
 `` blue , '' he said slowly . 
 `` that was a serious breach of ... '' blue fired at him , dead center . 
 green fell over sideways , dead before he hit the ground . 
 `` protocol , '' blue said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he hit the big green button next to the doorway , and the door whooshed shut again . 
 he dove away from the door as bullets began to dent the metal . 
 the bullets made a sound as if metallic popcorn were popping . 
 `` blue ! '' 
 nine shouted . 
 blue went to her . 
 the metallic popcorn kept popping . 
 `` we do n't have much time , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm about to explode here . '' 
 `` can i trust you ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` as far as you can throw me . '' 
 `` that 'll have to do . '' 
 suddenly , an explosion ripped through the hall outside the bedroom . 
 the door blew inward . 
 blue was knocked off his feet by the force of it . 
 he lay on the floor , feeling the house shake . 
 he looked at the doorway . 
 it was on fire . 
 the door itself was gone . 
 instantly , the lights in the room went out . 
 green had self-destructed . 
 the green clones had the auto-destruct feature . 
 blue ran a scenario through his head . 
 the force of the explosion had probably demolished a couple of those greens coming up the hall . 
 who would now also self-destruct . 
 behind them , more greens would likely be coming . 
 `` oh , man , '' blue said . 
 he began to crawl toward nine . 
 as he watched , a green clone stepped into the room , on fire . 
 it turned , gun in hand , looking for a target . 
 the red light of its laser pointer rested on nine 's chest . 
 `` no ! '' 
 blue shouted . 
 boooom . 
 another explosion ripped through the doorway . 
 the green clone was blown off his feet . 
 he flew through the air and crashed into the far wall . 
 the wall caved in and the green went halfway through it . 
 blue jumped to his feet and raced to number nine . 
 he pulled the steak knife taped to his calf , and began to cut nine 's straps . 
 in several seconds , he had sawed through them . 
 `` we have to get out of here right now , '' he said . 
 he glanced at her readout . 
 `` just over three minutes left . 
 you grab the code . 
 i 'll type it in when i have a free second . '' 
 nine slid off the bondage wheel . 
 `` give me a gun , '' she said . 
 blue hesitated . 
 `` give me a gun ! '' 
 blue glanced back at the doorway as three more greens came in . 
 their red lights scanned crazily around the room . 
 their sights caught the three sexbots , and the greens began firing . 
 these greens did n't have glocks . 
 they fired staccato bursts from handheld uzi machine guns . 
 the sexbots were shredded , doing crazy death dances in the light from the muzzle flashes . 
 smoke rose in the air . 
 nine was crouched on the floor next to howard 's body . 
 `` how can we beat them ? '' 
 she shouted . 
 she pried the paper out of howard 's dead hand . 
 `` they 're robots . 
 as smart as they are , you can still surprise them . 
 do something they 're not programmed to expect . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 blue had no time to think . 
 this was when he was at his best . 
 he turned and charged the three greens . 
 he grabbed the middle one and head butted it . 
 the pain was instant , and intense . 
 the room spun . 
 green had a much harder head than blue did . 
 the two greens flanking the middle one turned their guns on blue . 
 blue felt , rather than saw , the red laser sights . 
 he fell backwards , dropping to the floor and rolling , just as both greens let loose . 
 they fired their guns , ripping ten rounds per second for several seconds . 
 the bullets tore through the middle green , grinding him apart first , then piercing the two greens on either side . 
 they kept firing even though they were killing themselves . 
 finally , all three greens fell in a smoking heap . 
 blue clawed his way to his feet , nauseated from the head butt . 
 he smiled at nine . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` that was easy . '' 
 nine just stood and stared at him . 
 he imagined that she stared at him with a mix of wonder and awe . 
 they had about ten more seconds before those latest greens blew up . 
 `` now follow me , '' he said . 
 he charged the big window , firing his gun at it as he ran . 
 he leapt , expecting to crash through it , readying himself for the two story fall , and the shoulder roll on the beach . 
 instead , the window barely budged . 
 he slammed into it like a small bird hitting a windshield . 
 the window quivered , but did n't break . 
 blue fell backwards , took two stumble steps , then landed on his back . 
 the room swam around him . 
 for a moment , everything went dark . 
 when his vision came back , nine was bent over him , her pretty eyes looking into his . 
 `` that was some stunt , '' she said . 
 `` i mean , the way you went charging through that window , i just ... '' he grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her down on top of him . 
 `` blue ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 a second later , the three greens self-destructed , all at once . 
 the explosions were gigantic . 
 blue rolled over , and shielded nine with his back . 
 it was dumb - he knew it as soon as he did it . 
 his shell was flesh and blood . 
 hers was harder than that . 
 he felt the shards of shrapnel tearing away at the meat of his wide back . 
 he hunched into a ball . 
 he and nine hugged each other . 
 an inferno raged all around them . 
 when it was over , they were in each other 's arms . 
 the room was in flames . 
 `` shall we go ? '' 
 she said quietly . 
 `` we 'd better , '' he said . 
 the explosion had blown a ragged hole through the window . 
 blue and nine stood . 
 blue limped to the window . 
 he looked down . 
 it was a long way to the beach . 
 he turned back around . 
 the entire suite was engulfed in flames . 
 the wide door to the hallway looked like the entrance to hell . 
 no hope that way . 
 two more greens came racing into the room , one of them already on fire . 
 red and green laser sights climbed the walls . 
 how many greens did howard have ? 
 `` ready ? '' 
 blue said to nine . 
 `` ready . '' 
 they held hands . 
 behind them , another explosion rocked the room . 
 they jumped , one second ahead of the fireball . 
 * * * nine landed in the dunes like a cat . 
 she found herself in a three-point stance , down on one knee . 
 she glanced around for mr. blue . 
 there he was , sprawled nearby in the sand and the high sea grass . 
 he was on his back halfway down a dune , his head at the bottom , his legs at the top . 
 he looked like he was passed out , or dead . 
 smoke rose from his clothing . 
 she glanced up at the house . 
 the entire wing they 'd just left was on fire . 
 flames poured out of the shattered window just above them . 
 the red laser sights of killer robots swept the beach . 
 back towards the main part of the house , naked guests and sexbots were running down the stairs and onto the back lawn . 
 as she watched , another explosion ripped the night . 
 two killer robots were thrown through the roof of the house and high into the air . 
 she followed their arcs as they flew . 
 whump ! 
 they hit the beach hard . 
 even so , one still struggled to his feet . 
 his right arm and head were missing . 
 nine crawled to blue . 
 he still had n't moved . 
 `` blue , '' she whispered . 
 `` are you alive ? '' 
 for a long moment , there was no response . 
 then one eye opened . 
 then the other . 
 he smiled . 
 `` not really . '' 
 booom . 
 the second green , the one that did n't get up , exploded on the beach . 
 the heat wave washed over them . 
 `` it 's really a design flaw , to make them blow up like that , '' blue said . 
 `` am i right ? 
 i mean , a missile attack , a suicide bomber , and you could have these things blowing up all over your own base . 
 a dozen destroyed robots could take out your whole company . '' 
 `` sounds like something for the suggestion box , '' nine said . 
 `` but right now , i ca n't think about it . 
 i need you to do something for me . '' 
 `` what 's that , baby ? '' 
 `` the code , '' nine said . 
 `` you know , for the bomb ? 
 my bomb . '' 
 `` oh , '' he said . 
 `` right . '' 
 nine had howard 's paper in her hand . 
 blue sat up , and she gave him the paper . 
 she got up on her knees , raised her right arm , and he kneeled beside her . 
 `` you must think i have a terrible memory , '' he said . 
 he looked at the digital readout . 
 he grunted . 
 `` that was close . 
 only thirty-six seconds left . '' 
 he stared at the paper for a moment . 
 he held it all the way out at arm 's length . 
 he squinted . 
 he blinked several times . 
 nine suddenly got a sinking feeling . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he said . 
 `` it 's just that howard has awful handwriting . 
 it 's all scribble-scrabble . 
 and it 's kind of dark out here . 
 and not for nothing , but i am 45 years old . 
 i 'm a little bit far-sighted . 
 i ca n't see the numbers clearly . '' 
 he looked at the readout again . 
 `` christ , twenty-one seconds . '' 
 nine 's heart seemed to skip a beat . 
 `` how can you see the countdown but not the paper ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` the counter is lit up ! 
 the paper is n't lit up . '' 
 `` give me the paper ! 
 i 'll read the numbers to you . '' 
 he handed her the paper . 
 `` fifteen seconds , '' he said . 
 `` fourteen . '' 
 `` thirteen . '' 
 she held the paper with her left hand . 
 this was her only chance . 
 there was n't enough time to get it wrong and somehow start over . 
 she looked at the numbers , but they did n't seem right . 
 they were n't random . 
 it was a dummy code . 
 the sequence was : 1234567890 . 
 could that be true ? 
 or was this howard 's parting gift , a code that could n't possibly work ? 
 `` ten seconds , '' blue said . 
 `` come on . 
 what 's the hold up ? '' 
 `` they 're in order , '' nine said . 
 `` one through nine , and then zero . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` just type them in order . 
 one , two , three ... like that . 
 one first , zero last . '' 
 `` shit . 
 six seconds . 
 i do n't ... '' `` blue ! 
 just type the fucking numbers in order ! '' 
 blue 's big index finger pressed the keys . 
 each key made a small beep as he touched it . 
 he typed the ten numbers in rapid succession . 
 his breathing was fast and heavy . 
 `` one second left , '' he said . 
 he looked at her . 
 she stared into his blue eyes . 
 one second seemed to go on and on . 
 she had time to drink in the lines of his rugged face . 
 thick beard stubble poked through his weather-beaten skin . 
 blue 's face might be the last thing she would ever see . 
 `` did it work ? '' 
 she said . 
 * * * an explosion rent the night . 
 blue was knocked onto his back in the sand . 
 number nine fell on top of him . 
 for a long moment , he held her in his arms . 
 he did n't want to let her go . 
 he glanced to his left . 
 another green clone had died on the beach about thirty yards away . 
 that was the source of the most recent explosion . 
 nine pushed herself up against his chest . 
 her eyes looked deeply into his . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 blue said . 
 she smiled . 
 `` alive . '' 
 `` well , that 's better than the alternative . '' 
 she had to help him to his feet . 
 he could walk , but he limped , and he moved slowly . 
 his whole body seemed to ache . 
 he was only human , after all . 
 they walked down the beach to a wooden boardwalk . 
 blue knew this boardwalk . 
 it ended at a private dock . 
 somewhere behind them , another explosion went up . 
 and somewhere behind that , the sirens started in . 
 it had been a bad couple of days for suncoast cybernetics , and it was about to get worse . 
 there were two boats tied up to the big dock . 
 one was howard 's sport fishing boat . 
 it was nice enough , if you liked to fish . 
 blue did n't like to fish . 
 he picked the one shaped like a giant wedge . 
 it was long and narrow , with a very long bow . 
 at the stern , there were five big engines . 
 the boat itself only had four seats . 
 `` cigarette boat , '' he said to number nine . 
 `` very fast . '' 
 he gestured at it . 
 `` climb in . '' 
 she scrambled over the gunwale and into the cockpit . 
 blue untied the lines , and a moment later joined her aboard . 
 the boat floated free from the dock , drifting . 
 blue moved his hands along the dashboard of the boat . 
 he found a cover , opened it , and pulled out the boat keys . 
 he looked at nine . 
 `` i once rode in this boat with howard . 
 he told me he leaves the keys in this dash box so he always knows where they are . 
 what an idiot . 
 might as well leave them in the ignition . '' 
 blue turned the ignition switch , and the big engines roared into life . 
 he stood at the wheel , and put the boat in gear . 
 `` do you know how to drive this thing ? '' 
 nine shouted over the roar of the engines . 
 `` baby , i can drive anything . '' 
 he steered the boat into deeper water . 
 in a moment , they had passed through the no wake zone . 
 blue opened up the gas , and they went tearing out into the gulf of mexico , running in the dark , bouncing over the swells . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 he did n't think about it very long . 
 their best option came to him almost instantly . 
 `` havana . 
 cuba . 
 we 'll probably need to stop in key west for fuel . 
 but after that we 're home free . '' 
 in his mind , he pictured havana as it was when he lived there as a young man . 
 hot sun , narrow , crowded streets , old spanish architecture , and palm trees lining the grand boulevard . 
 he saw the oceanfront drive , young boys diving into the water from its walls . 
 he heard the sound of a lone guitarist on a park bench , picking out a tune late at night . 
 he hoped the place had n't changed much . 
 he looked forward to walking those streets , hand-in-hand with beautiful number nine . 
 `` havana 's a nice place , '' blue said . 
 `` i think you 'll like it . 
 and we 'll be safe there . '' 
 the boat bounced hard over a big swell . 
 they were moving very fast now . 
 blue sighed . 
 he glanced at the sky , scanning for aircraft . 
 `` for a little while , '' he said . 
 the end did you love this book ? 
 did you sort of love it ? 
 we want your feedback ! 
 please go to the website where you purchased it , and leave a review . 
 your reviews help us make our books better ! 
 acknowledgments i would like to deeply and sincerely thank several people who were kind enough to read early versions of this novel and give me valuable feedback . 
 these are the notorious `` beta-testers , '' whose outrageous behavior has since passed into legend . 
 they include the beautiful and talented sara goldenthal ; my friend of 25 years brian dunleavy -lrb- once again and as always -rrb- ; the lithe and graceful eleda wacker -lrb- yes , i named a character after her -- you would , too -rrb- ; the wonderful poet nick piombino , mark locke -lrb- i 'd be remiss if i did n't mention here that mark locke is a great guy -rrb- ; and the lovely and lifesaving elizabeth benien -lrb- who does not send text messages during surgery -rrb- . 
 i ca n't tell if a piece of writing is any good , but these people can . 
 if you hated this novel , you know what to do . 
 about the author patrick quinlan is the critically-acclaimed and bestselling author of numerous novels , including smoked , the drop off , the falling man , the hit , the girl inside the wall , and the demon . 
 he is also the co-author , with film legend rutger hauer , of rutger 's autobiography , all those moments . 
 you ca n't tell from the photo below , but patrick 's eyes are dark blue , like where the shallow water meets the deep . 
 he is currently residing at an undisclosed location . 
 for a long time , he has dreamed of hosting pat dinizio of the smithereens in one of pat 's famous living room shows . 
 contact patrick , give him all your money , send some snark attacks his way , and read about his other books , all at his website , www.patrickquinlan.com . 
 check out his blog at www.theeoptimist.com . 
