 chapter 1 vivian `` wake from the dead , vivian . '' 
 the first words i hear . 
 they enter through my ears and settle in my brain , dwelling there for a few moments before i can understand what they mean . 
 my surroundings are one large blob , but as i blink continuously , they spread into distinguishable peaces . 
 a white ceiling stares at me . 
 the lights attached to it makes my eyes water , but i ca n't move my hands to wipe the tears . 
 my entire body feels numb , and the only thing i can feel is a hard surface underneath my head . 
 a man 's round head comes into view . 
 both his eyes and shiny forehead stare me down . 
 i blink . 
 `` and the magic words bring her back to life , '' he says . 
 but his voice is flat . 
 `` so she 's alive ? '' 
 this voice is muffled and sounds like it 's coming from somewhere in the room . 
 i ca n't move my head to see where it came from , but i know that 's not important . 
 what 's important is knowing where i am right now , but i do n't know the answer to that . 
 the shiny-headed man turns his head away from me to look at whoever is in the room with him . 
 `` yeah , she 's alive . 
 did n't you hear me the first time ? '' 
 his eyes move back to me . 
 `` we can let her adapt to her surroundings , '' he adds . 
 `` let her move around for a couple minutes . '' 
 there are two soft beeps and a cold feeling pours into both my arms . 
 `` everything seems to be operating properly , '' the bald-headed man continues . 
 `` so far , at least . '' 
 he disappears from my line of sight and i am left staring up at the white ceiling , trying not to stare too much into the bright light shining in my face . 
 i should be panicking , but yet , here i am , relaxed and breathing steadily . 
 this is n't right . 
 i 'm not in my regular bed . 
 i do n't know what this room is . 
 my arms twitch , and i realize i can move them now . 
 anticipating metal and wires , i am relieved to find pale skin as i lift my hand . 
 my skin . 
 but my eyes land on something black weaving through my fingers . 
 some kind of graffiti i am not able to interpret . 
 a tattoo ? 
 what ? 
 i do n't remember getting any tattoo . 
 in fact , now that i think about it , there are no past memories left in my mind . 
 i 'm searching for something , but my brain 's blank on memories . 
 there is only knowledge . 
 who am i ? 
 am i human ? 
 i reach for my leg and my fingers strike some sort of material -- pants ? 
 -- wrapped around my legs . 
 at least i think those are my legs . 
 i reach my face , squeeze my nose , and grab my chin . 
 everything 's normal . 
 i feel human . 
 taking a deep breath of air , i press my palm to my chest , seeking a heartbeat . 
 it faintly drums against my fingers , but at least it 's there . 
 `` i need a sample of her blood again , '' the same bald-headed man 's voice comes again . 
 promptly , he appears by my side , but in his hand , he clutches a syringe . 
 i curl my fingers into fists and look away as the man lowers the needle down . 
 his face is expressionless as he stabs it into my arm a slight pinch ; then it 's out . 
 the man disappears with it . 
 but i have blood . 
 still human . 
 `` the patient 's blood looks fine . '' 
 patient ? 
 this must be a hospital . 
 `` okay , '' another voice says . 
 `` that means she 'll live , right ? '' 
 what ? 
 `` for the last time , yes . '' 
 shoes clatter on what sounds like a tile . 
 they fade after a few seconds , and i 'm left in silence . 
 what is this place ? 
 i slide both of my hands under my neck and push my head up , trying to get a good look around me . 
 i did n't lift my head much , but it 's enough for me to catch a glimpse of white walls , white cabinets , and the white bed i 'm laying on . 
 white seems to be the dominate color in this room . 
 i skim my body , letting out a breath when i see i have a torso and legs . 
 they feel dead , but knowing i am human lifts a weight off me . 
 i 've been dressed in white jeans and a tank top . 
 these jeans are n't mine because i do n't remember ever owning them . 
 i have no shoes over my feet , so when i see my bare toes , i concentrate on wiggling them . 
 but just like the rest of my body down my waist , they 're dead . 
 this is n't supposed to happen . 
 what happened to me ? 
 am i paralyzed ? 
 panic is n't taking over my body like it normally would . 
 my heart 's not beating fast . 
 it 's like i 'm on a drug . 
 what have these people done to me ? 
 and where am i ? 
 there are no windows here , so the time is unknown to me . 
 i ca n't turn my head far enough to see what 's behind me , so i drop my head back down on the surface i 'm laying on , grimacing as the back of my head collides with the solid object for a bed . 
 i shut my eyes and try to think . 
 but no matter how hard i try , no memories come to mind . 
 i am not sure what i did yesterday or the day before . 
 what if i never lived at all ? 
 chapter 2 vivian staring at the bright light for so long has to have blinded me by now , but surprisingly , i can still see everything . 
 i 've been listening to the silence for a while now , waiting for whoever-is-supposed-to-show-up . 
 a tingling in my back starts , and i am able to move it , i realize , as i wiggle back and forth . 
 if i could move my back , then my legs should be able to move soon . 
 i 'll be able to get out of here . 
 `` not so fast , 42-2 , '' a hoarse male voice says . 
 the number he stated does n't ring a bell , but i think he 's talking to me . 
 my head glances in both directions , but no one is in the room with me . 
 did he just read my mind ? 
 `` yes , but because of a device , '' the same voice speaks . 
 `` a computer is wired to your brain , allowing us to view your thoughts . 
 do n't worry . 
 once we disconnect you from the system , your thoughts will be private . '' 
 there 's a pause and a man with a head full of gray hair appears at my side . 
 he 's dressed in a white lab coat with spectacles perched on his nose . 
 he pulls them off and drops them into the side pocket of his coat . 
 `` i 'd like to welcome you here , '' he says . 
 `` my name is doctor russell welds . 
 have you spoken a word yet ? 
 go ahead . 
 i want to see how we 've improved . '' 
 i stare at him but do n't open my mouth . 
 improved ? 
 there are a lot of questions in my head with no answers . 
 `` do not worry , '' the man -- welds -- says . 
 `` it 's nothing you should be concerned about . 
 just speak . '' 
 i ca n't move my mouth . 
 welds stares at me . 
 `` you ca n't remember anything ? '' 
 when i shake my head , he adds , `` speak , please . '' 
 i focus on moving my jaw . 
 but instead of triumphing , i find myself holding my breath . 
 `` you are not able to ? '' 
 welds asks . 
 i blink once , continuing to stare at the man as he nods . 
 he scratches his chin . 
 `` i see , '' he says . 
 `` again , do not worry . 
 this has occurred multiple times with our subjects . 
 about ninety percent of speech loss was only temporary . 
 i believe it is the response you get when your brain reacts with a certain chemical we use to wake you . '' 
 wake me ? 
 i echo the words in my head . 
 welds ' expression is nothing more than blank as he says , `` bring you back from the dead . 
 the maximum age we can accept to be preserved would be at thirty-five . 
 we feel if we do any higher , the process will malfunction and cause mutations rather than revivals . '' 
 i continue to stare at him . 
 what ? 
 i was dead ? 
 this is my only way of communicating -- by him reading my mind . 
 i hope i will be able to feel my face soon . 
 welds ' eyebrows knit together . 
 `` precisely . '' 
 is he going to explain ? 
 this must be some sort of prank . 
 but why ca n't i feel anything ? 
 he points to a small device on the wall . 
 `` our machine is preventing you from moving . 
 hopefully , if there are n't any glitches , you should feel normal again soon . '' 
 i remember i can move my head , so i nod . 
 okay . 
 may i sit up ? 
 welds nods to answer my question . 
 `` you can if you 're capable . '' 
 i nod a second time . 
 `` you may need my assistance , '' he says , `` unless you can do it yourself . '' 
 i try to push myself up , but in the end welds helps me . 
 once i 'm propped up on my hands , i am conscious of something on the side of my head . 
 my fingers run over my ear , feeling a hard object attached to it . 
 `` that is what connects us to your mind , '' welds states swiftly , seeing that i have noticed the object . 
 am i being monitored ? 
 i ask . 
 welds is nodding before i finish my question . 
 `` yes . '' 
 may i move around now ? 
 welds takes a quick look at a watch on his wrist and answers , `` very well , 42-2 . 
 you may . '' 
 the number 42-2 does n't make sense to me , but welds does n't bother explaining . 
 instead , he strolls over to a panel on one side of the room and dials a few numbers . 
 after he 's done , he turns back to face me and waits , saying nothing . 
 does he expect me to know what to do ? 
 his eyes do n't leave me . 
 it 's like he has froze in place . 
 i look away , finding my toes fascinating all of a sudden . 
 i try to make them move , but nothing happens . 
 he might have shut the immobilization thing off but i still can not feel anything . 
 he finally speaks . 
 `` let your legs adjust . 
 you 'll be able to move them in a few seconds . '' 
 he crosses his arms and continues studying me . 
 i want to tell him to look some other way , because i do n't feel comfortable with people staring at me . 
 welds slips his glasses back on as i watch my unmoving feet . 
 it does n't seem like i will ever be able to move them . 
 there is no tingling sensation similar to the one i felt on my back . 
 there is no feeling at all . 
 welds sighs and walks over to me , pulling a penlight from his lab coat pocket . 
 `` turn your head this way , please , '' he says , crouching down until he is eye level with me . 
 he grips my chin and turns my head his way . 
 the penlight shines into my eyes and i try not to flinch away . 
 `` hmm , '' welds mumbles , squinting at my eyes . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 he pulls his hand back and straightens himself , adding , `` sit still for a few minutes . 
 the serum does n't always wear off - '' the door to the room eases open and someone unfamiliar steps in . 
 nobody i 've seen so far is familiar at all . 
 this new guy is younger than the other two doctors i 've encountered . 
 he has blonde hair that goes into an upward direction . 
 he 's also wearing a white lab coat similar to welds ' . 
 the only thing different about his outfit is that he wears dark blue jeans , which stands out from all the white colors around the whole room . 
 welds a wears mostly all white , just like me . 
 the new guy who just came in indicates to the clipboard in his hand , saying , `` welds . '' 
 `` - immediately , '' welds finishes what he is presenting to me and casts a swift glance at the guy who has just entered . 
 the guy continues , `` you sent me . '' 
 `` i did , '' welds says to the guy without turning to him . 
 he says to me , `` 42-2 , this is rian callum ... also known as 41-5 . '' 
 a look of pride crosses his face . 
 rian nods in my direction as if to say hello . 
 `` her name 's vivian , is that right ? '' 
 vivian . 
 that sounds just about right . 
 welds nods , strolling over to the clipboard in rian 's grasp . 
 he snatches it out of his hand and makes his way back to me . 
 while examining the clipboard the whole time , he explains to rian about my condition . 
 `` an issue occurred with her jaw . 
 she will not able to talk for a while . 
 we do n't know how long this will go on for . 
 and apparently , she has no ability to move her legs , either . 
 though i 'm hoping it 's temporary . '' 
 there is silence for a while . 
 i stare at a wall until i hear rian suggest , `` wheelchair ? '' 
 my head snaps in rian 's direction . 
 hoping welds can still read my mind , i think , you could always just try to let it wear off . 
 i 'm sure it 'll work . 
 welds ' head turns slightly toward me as i think this . 
 he mutters something under his breath and says to rian , `` the schedule will continue as arranged . '' 
 rian nods , asking , `` should she use the manual or electric ? '' 
 there is a pause as welds thinks this over . 
 `` manual . 
 you 'll be escorting her around . '' 
 i know why he chose the manual . 
 he does n't want me driving off and fleeing this place , whatever it is . 
 welds takes a deep breath and says , `` accompany her through the hall . 
 they 'll do some quick inspections and you 'll give her a tour around . 
 is that clear ? '' 
 `` i understand , '' is all rian says as he leaves . 
 welds indicates to the clipboard in his hand . 
 `` this carries quite a few fascinating facts about your previous self ... several years ago . 
 i would recommend reading it . 
 but it 's your choice . 
 perhaps you 'd like to familiarize yourself with your past ? '' 
 i nod once and he holds the clipboard out to me . 
 the wood feels strange and dry in my cold hands . 
 i run my fingers over the white paper . 
 it does n't feel stiff or anything like i 'd imagined it would be . 
 instead , the material feels silky and cloth-like , just like my tank top . 
 this is ... paper ? 
 i think as i look up at welds . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` more like a tablet . 
 it functions as paper if you 'd like it to . 
 the element differs from paper ... but ... '' and he cuts off as i start to scan the cloth . 
 its absence of words rises confusion in me . 
 welds seems to understand so he reaches out and places two fingers on the corner of the cloth , causing it to brighten . 
 letters and icons fade onto the screen and i recoil from it , surprised . 
 what ? 
 welds is here to explain . 
 `` in order to navigate through your documents , you 'd need to slide your finger across the fabric . 
 if you do n't touch it for a minute or two , the screen goes dark , which saves power . 
 according to the document , you were around late enough to know what electricity and tablets were . 
 i 'm sure your brain would remember them well after all these years . '' 
 i nod . 
 i do remember the devices and tablets . 
 people relied on them a lot . 
 although by the looks of this room , it seems like they rely on them just as much . 
 i watch the screen of the thin tablet for another second before swiping my fingers across the cloth , slowly at first . 
 it moves on to the next page . 
 the previous letters have disappeared and new ones replace it . 
 i do n't know why i 'm so surprised by this . 
 my brain tells me i 've used these types of things before . 
 i squint at the words on the page . 
 there is a word i recognize right away . 
 my name . 
 vivian . 
 the name after it , i do n't recognize too well though i believe it 's my last name . 
 clancy . 
 welds nods . 
 `` you are correct . 
 i am pleased you know how to read . 
 we 've had complete fails in the past . 
 the people revived had entirely lost their reading ability . '' 
 i wonder what he did to them because of it but welds does n't seem to want to answer it . 
 he decides to say something else . 
 `` i must depart now . 
 i shall leave you on your own to read it though i have one question . 
 are you able to feel anything in your legs yet ? '' 
 i shake my head with my gaze fixed on the thin tablet . 
 `` very well . '' 
 he reaches out and detaches the small mind reading object from my ear , glancing at something on his wrist . 
 his shoes clatter on tile and he strolls out of the room . 
 i do n't know how i 'll be able to communicate with them now if they took my only means of communication away from me . 
 he had said a tour has been organized for me it might not be necessary for me to chat with the tour guide . 
 the tablet screen , left untouched , goes dark . 
 i place two fingers in the corner like i 'd seen welds do and the screen automatically switches on , showing the document it had previously held . 
 the words swim around the page as i try to focus on them more closely . 
 my eyes are n't used to this type of brightness . 
 is there a way to turn it down a bit ... ? 
 i am startled when the door bursts open and an unfamiliar man walks in , wearing a white lab coat . 
 rian follows behind him , pushing a dark blue object , which appears to be a two-wheeled wheelchair . 
 it consists of a normal seat as well as a place to lean your back against it . 
 the wheels seem large enough for me to curl up in . 
 the man stops in front of me with his hands behind his back , waiting patiently as rian struggles a little with the chair before abandoning it by the door and joining the man 's side . 
 as the man begins to talk , rian gets a quick look around the room and mutters , `` welds left . '' 
 `` i assume you 're ms. vivian . 
 i have been instructed to assist mr. callum in placing you onto the wheelchair . '' 
 the man gestures to it . 
 leaving the clipboard with the cloth-like tablet on the bed , i let them drag me to the wheelchair . 
 it takes a minute or two to make me comfortable . 
 the other scientist leaves and i am left with rian . 
 right before we 're about to leave the room , rian notices the lonely clipboard on the bed . 
 he strolls over to it . 
 `` oh , you might need this . '' 
 he places it gently on my lap and stirs the wheelchair out of the room . 
 i am surprised as soon as i see what 's out in the hall . 
 it 's white and reflective , just like the other room . 
 a few people move around or make conversation . 
 but this hallway is different from any of the hallways i remember seeing in my past life . 
 it seems like it goes on forever with the white doors lining the walls . 
 there appears to be no turns whatsoever . 
 rian speaks up , shrugging . 
 `` uh , well ... this is home , i guess . 
 it might look odd at first but you 'll get used to it . 
 when i first saw this place , i had thought it would be easy to navigate through and find the specific room you were looking for . 
 it was n't . 
 now , i have n't been to every room in my two years of staying here . 
 it 's prohibited to enter a few . 
 you 'd have to be a true scientist ... which i 'm not ... and i 'm never planning on becoming one either . '' 
 we advance and he tells me what some of the rooms hold . 
 some are bathrooms , typical bedrooms , storage closets or operating rooms . 
 he tells me i 'm going to the testing room , where i 'll be examined and asked to do a few things . 
 but since my legs do n't work , they 're postponing the physical activities until i 'm able to walk . 
 we come upon yet another white door . 
 this time , rian stops the wheelchair right in front of it , saying , `` this is the testing room you 'll be going to . 
 once you 're done , i 'll accompany you for the rest of the tour . '' 
 he pauses and looks around , then leads me inside . 
 this room is larger than the one i had woken up in . 
 there are more scientists in here . 
 some are examining other patients while others sit behind desks in silence . 
 rian leads the wheelchair to a woman sitting in the farthest corner , scribbling on an object at her desk . 
 as we get closer , i see it 's another tablet , but thicker than the one i have . 
 it does n't have a clipboard supporting it . 
 she looks up and smiles , first at rian , then her eyes adjust to me . 
 `` you must be vivian . '' 
 her eyes shift over to the wheelchair i 'm in , and her smile does n't fade . 
 she continues , `` i have heard of your condition so i am not surprised . 
 shall we begin on the tests ? '' 
 rian nods before i can and asks , `` may i stay here ? '' 
 the woman gives him a slow small nod and guides the wheelchair toward a door i have not noticed before . 
 rian sinks down in her desk chair and relaxes . 
 the last thing i see him do before the lady pushes me into the room is rummage through the desk drawers . 
 chapter 3 vivian i am not astonished . 
 the room is white . 
 and small . 
 it appears to be some type of interrogation room with two chairs and a desk in the middle . 
 we wo n't be needing the other chair . 
 the woman pushes me toward one of the chairs . 
 then , taking a seat on the other side of the table , she crooks a finger in my direction , saying , `` hand the tablet over , please . '' 
 i glance down at the cloth attached to the clipboard-like object on my lap . 
 wishing i could tell her to give it back to me at the end of this session , i reluctantly hand it over to her . 
 she sets it on the corner of the table and folds her hands together , addressing me . 
 `` i prefer to be called dr. janelle . 
 no matter if i 'm someone 's best friend , sister , mother , or wife . 
 understand ? '' 
 i stare at her for a second with disbelief before nodding my head . 
 she continues . 
 `` i have some inquisitions to ask of you . 
 i recommend answering them as best you can . 
 try to refrain from shrugging , please . '' 
 i nod again . 
 `` i have been notified of the condition your jaw is in so these will just be yes or no questions . 
 just nod or shake your head to respond . '' 
 she strains her head to peek at the tablet at the corner of the table . 
 it seems to have turned on by itself . 
 `` do you remember your name ? 
 i know i have said it beforehand , but were you aware of it being your name ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` do you know your last name ? '' 
 i know i saw it back when i 'd first gotten this tablet from welds . 
 i ca n't quite remember it , though . 
 i shake my head . 
 dr. janelle nods and peeks at the tablet once again . 
 `` it 's clancy . 
 vivian clancy . 
 do you know what year you were born in ? '' 
 she seems to be reading the questions from the tablet . 
 i nod . 
 2024 . 
 `` i will list 3 numbers . 
 you tell me which one 's your year . '' 
 she pauses and stares at the tablet . 
 `` year 2040 , year 2019 , or year 2024 ? 
 which one ? '' 
 i hold up three fingers , indicating the third . 
 she nods in approval . 
 `` very good . 
 now ... do you remember your previous life ? 
 your family , pets , classmates ? '' 
 i lower my hand and shake my head . 
 my past life is n't very clear to me . 
 `` do you remember if you had a spouse , a house , a job ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 was i married ? 
 dr. janelle continues , `` do you know how old you are ... er ... were when you died ? '' 
 twenty one , i believe . 
 i hold up one finger on my right hand and two fingers on the left . 
 then , noticing it would appear to be twelve for her , i flip the numbers . 
 she barely considers it before moving on to the next question . 
 her voice rids of emotion more and more on every question . 
 `` that is correct . '' 
 what about my parents ? 
 my brother ? 
 i remember i had a brother who was five years younger than me . 
 is he still alive ? 
 how far in the future am i ? 
 and how did i die ? 
 dr. janelle leans toward me a little . 
 she whispers the question i 've just been thinking of . 
 `` do you know how you died ? '' 
 i hold her gaze for a few seconds before shaking my head no . 
 she breathes out and leans back in her chair , crossing her arms . 
 `` it was n't caused by a disease or a suicide . 
 you were murdered . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 that is the only way i am able to gasp . 
 i was murdered ? 
 that would explain why my life had ended at such an early age . 
 although plagues or self destruction would explain it well too . 
 and if i was murdered ... then who is responsible ? 
 dr. janelle clears her throat and pushes the tablet toward me . 
 `` can you read ? '' 
 i lift the tablet to my face and nod . 
 i hope i can write as well . 
 as if reading my thoughts , dr. janelle says , `` can you write ? '' 
 this is where i have to shrug . 
 although she told me not to , i still do . 
 she pulls a pen out of her front pocket and slides it across the table 's surface toward me . 
 `` use this on the tablet . '' 
 i place the tablet back on the table and wrap my fingers around the pen . 
 it feels strange and thick in my hand . 
 i transfer the pen back and forth from my left and right hand , trying to decide which hand i should write with . 
 i settle on my right hand , and dr. janelle immediately points out , `` you 're right handed . '' 
 just as i look down at the tablet , i remember i do n't know how to use this very well . 
 i slide it back to dr. janelle , hoping she understands that i want her to open a drawing document for me , if that even exists . 
 she does . 
 when the tablet is in front of me again , i gaze down at it for a moment , puzzled at what i should write . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i see dr. janelle watching me intently . 
 `` go ahead , '' she urges . 
 `` we have n't got all day . '' 
 i nod and settle on my name . 
 i sound it out in my head and do my best to print it out neatly . 
 it slants severely to the left . 
 after my name , the letters of the alphabet follow just below it . 
 i return the pen and tablet to her hands and wait for her to respond . 
 i instantly know she is having trouble reading my writing as she starts squinting at it . 
 the room is silent except for dr. janelle 's grunts of confusion . 
 `` what exactly does the first word say ? '' 
 she finally asks after i start to lose my patience . 
 `` surely you can do better than that ! '' 
 she thrusts the tablet and pen back to me and instructs me to redo it . 
 i do a dramatic eye roll , expecting her to see it . 
 sadly , she is looking the other way . 
 i want to tell her this is n't writing class . 
 she asked if i could write and i showed her i could . 
 i 'm not here to improve my writing . 
 with my name rewritten , i present it to her again . 
 she nods once and continues interrogating me . 
 `` what if i told you your sibling 's alive , might you be able to remember their name for me ? '' 
 my eyes widen . 
 my brother is alive ? 
 how can i reach him ? 
 i pull the tablet and pen toward me and scribble those words on . 
 dr. janelle skims over them and says firmly , `` do you know his name ? '' 
 i nod . 
 piers . 
 i write it down for her . 
 she tilts her head a little as she reads my writing . 
 `` hmm , '' she murmurs . 
 where can i find him ? 
 i write down . 
 dr. janelle shakes her head . 
 `` he ca n't be contacted . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 where does he live ? 
 i scribble . 
 instead of answering my question , she seizes the tablet from my hands and buries it under the table . 
 trying to give me a disarming smile , she says , `` how about we close with a few dna samples and finish with this tomorrow , when you 're able to speak ? '' 
 i nod gratefully . 
 i look forward to having someone else ask me questions , not dr. janelle . 
 hopefully welds . 
 he does n't seem so bad . 
 when we get back to the room with the patients , dr. janelle forces rian out of her chair while a doctor takes my temperature , injects me with a needle , and snips an inch of my hair off , storing it in a bag . 
 i do n't know what a bag of old split ends will do for them , but i stay still as he cuts my hair . 
 after a few more minutes of sitting and listening , rian and i find ourselves in the hallway once again . 
 `` i do n't like her , '' i hear rian mutter as he starts leading the wheelchair down the hallway . 
 `` janelle 's the last person i 'd like to spend my whole day with . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` how long do you think it 'll take her to realize this thing 's missing ? '' 
 he opens his palm to reveal a miniature glass cube . 
 in the very center of it , there seems to be a small carving of gray wolf head . 
 in my opinion , it looked like a masterpiece . 
 i scowl at rian for stealing such a beautiful item from someone , no matter if it 's someone he hated . 
 a look of bewilderment crosses rian 's face and he smiles , `` hey , you just moved your face ! 
 that 's great ! 
 it 's progress . '' 
 he pockets the glass cube and crouches by me . 
 `` try humming something for a start . 
 it might help you liven your jaw up a little . 
 worked for me . '' 
 i force a short breath to escape from my nose and a small smile lifts at the corners of my mouth . 
 rian laughs . 
 `` try humming through your nose first . 
 then open your mouth in the process . '' 
 rian watches me with a big smile on his face . 
 i take a few breaths from my nose before retrying . 
 at first , nothing comes out of my nostrils except my breath again . 
 but after a few seconds , i manage to make a soft musical sound . 
 i feel like a child learning to speak as rian 's smile widens , showing all of this teeth . 
 `` that was great . '' 
 he does n't press me to repeat it but instead starts guiding the wheelchair down the hallway . 
 `` we should probably continue with the tour , '' he adds . 
 we continue in silence . 
 i glance around the many doors and wonder what might be in inside . 
 rian does n't even bother to explain anything . 
 what a wonderful tour guide . 
 he turns the wheelchair around the only corner i have seen in this vast hallway and brings it to a stop . 
 i see what 's ahead of us . 
 it differs so much from the white hallway we 've just come from . 
 first , this one is actually lined with a dark brown carpet . 
 the walls are painted a light brown . 
 white doors line the walls of this corridor . 
 i 'm close to a few of them to see words printed in gold letters on the surface of the doors . 
 possibly names . 
 i feel more comfortable being here with these warm colors than being dragged around in the white environment . 
 finally , the silence breaks . 
 `` i reckon they want you to know where all the bedrooms are . 
 everyone has their own room . 
 there are a few people who share but only because they 've chosen to . 
 for example , an older sibling needing to take care of a really young one . '' 
 once we start heading down this new hallway , i relax a little and rian starts telling me about it . 
 `` if you have n't figured it out yet , the rooms belong to the people whose name is written on the door . 
 they 've prepared one for you too . 
 we 're just gon na have to look for it . 
 it should n't be too far from here . 
 there were a few empty rooms close to where i 'm staying . 
 i 'm sure they put yours somewhere nearby . '' 
 he jerks the wheelchair to an unexpected stop and i nearly slip off . 
 i turn my head in his direction to see what happened . 
 he throws me an apologetic smile and points to the door next to him . 
 there are two names written on the surface . 
 verity and fawn . 
 `` an example , '' he says . 
 `` this room 's shared with two people . 
 i believe they 're siblings though i 've never met them before . '' 
 when we advance , he tells me we 're nearing his door . 
 `` when you first see your room , do n't be surprised by its emptiness . 
 there will be a white bed for your size as well as a cabinet somewhere in the corner , white carpet , no windows . 
 we 're located underground so do n't expect windows anywhere . '' 
 i give him a questioning look , hoping he might understand that i want him to explain to me why we 're underground . 
 he just frowns at me and focuses his attention forward , pointing at a door marked rian as we pass it . 
 i keep a look out for my brother 's name as well as my own as we pass other doors . 
 if he 's still alive , he could live here too . 
 while we head deeper down the corridor , rian starts to hum . 
 it gets annoying after a few seconds so i shoot him a glare , but he 's got his attention on the path ahead of him . 
 i slap his arm with the back of my hand and he snaps his head in my direction . 
 his humming ceases and i turn back to the front again , smiling at the calmness . 
 rian seems to understand that his humming is irritating to me because he does n't start again . 
 with no luck finding piers ' name , i spot a door marked vivian clancy . 
 i 'm puzzled to why it says my full name when i 've seen other doors we 've passed have just one . 
 rian says , `` there is more than one vivian here , that 's why your last name is included . 
 i know no one else named vivian . 
 only vivi . 
 but here 's how you open it . '' 
 he places his palm on my door 's surface and waits , adding , `` it scans the handprint . 
 if the dna matches the requirement the door is looking for , it slides open . '' 
 he steps away . 
 `` try it . '' 
 once my palm meets the door , i feel a slight vibration and the door automatically slides open , reveal yet another white room . 
 and just like rian said , it has one bed , a carpet , cabinet , and no windows . 
 rian drives the wheelchair inside and gestures at the surroundings . 
 `` everyone 's bedroom looks exactly like this when they first get it . 
 you are always welcome to modify it anyway you please . '' 
 we explore around the room for a few more minutes . 
 i learn this bathroom is twice as large as the one i 'm used to . 
 there 's a small kitchen in case i choose to eat here other than the cafeteria , which rian guides me to next . 
 the walk takes several minutes , and rian tells me more about this place . 
 i get bored halfway through so i just wave happily at random passerby until we reach a sizable white door . 
 on the other side , a massive room contains pure white tables long enough to cover the space from one side of the room to the other . 
 this whole room is white as well as the others i 've been to . 
 it 's like the creators of this place wasted their money on building this , completely forgetting to save money on colored paint . 
 i look up at rian . 
 he did warn me about this place being odd at first . 
 he demonstrates how we 're required to gather and eat our food . 
 with great posture , he emphasizes as he sits down at one of the tables , straightens his back and puts invisible food in his mouth . 
 there 's a janitor a few yards away mopping the floor , who looks up at us . 
 i ca n't help but laugh , which causes rian to twist around to face me , nearly yelling out enthusiastically , `` you can laugh ! 
 come on , you 've waited long enough . 
 you can speak . '' 
 the janitor resumes his mopping and does n't look at us again . 
 rian 's eager expression does n't leave as i stare at him in silence . 
 it would be interesting to speak now . 
 what would my voice sound like ? 
 `` say something , '' rian whispers , then stressing out every syllable says , `` say i 'm happy to see you . '' 
 i take a deep breath and puff my cheeks out . 
 gradually , these words form : `` em happ-ee ta see you . '' 
 i laugh with embarrassment , shifting my eyes away from rian for a second . 
 then i recite the words again , clearer and quicker this time . 
 `` i 'm happy to see you . '' 
 my voice sounds higher than i thought it would . 
 it 's strange , hearing my own voice . 
 rian throws his hands out , `` and you talk ! '' 
 i feel a smile tug at the corners of my mouth . 
 i can talk ! 
 `` so , '' rian continues . 
 `` what do you choose your next words to be ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 i really do n't know . 
 rian stands up and starts leading the wheelchair out of the cafeteria . 
 `` how about some questions ? 
 what would you like to ask that i might be able to answer ? '' 
 i make a short list in my head . 
 where is my brother ? 
 why are we underground ? 
 i 'm not as quick forming these words as the previous . 
 `` where is my brother ? '' 
 rian sounds puzzled . 
 `` brother ? 
 your brother 's here ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i mean ... i do n't really know , '' i manage . 
 `` dr. janelle said - '' `` janelle . 
 when i 'm around , you refer to her as janelle . 
 no ` doctor ' or anything else . 
 just janelle , okay ? '' 
 i nod -- not bothering to wonder why -- and continue , `` janelle said my brother 's alive . 
 i asked her where he lives and but she would n't - '' `` yep , '' rian says flatly , `` that 's janelle for you . 
 she does n't tell you anything . 
 welds told me my family died . '' 
 `` how did you take the news ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 rian shrugs . 
 `` i do n't remember them too well so it does n't bother me too much . '' 
 `` oh , '' i whisper . 
 the rest of the trip is silent again . 
 rian takes me back to my room . 
 but before he left me alone , he asked if i had feeling in my legs yet . 
 unfortunately i did n't . 
 he gave me a two digit number , telling me it was the phone number for his room . 
 i did n't know mine and he 'd said he would look into it . 
 now i 'm sitting here , in the same wheelchair by my bed , reading out of a small tablet rian had given me . 
 once in a while , there will be a knock on my door . 
 i would go answer it , only to find a doctor or scientist , coming to check up on me . 
 they give me pills , clothes , or just inject me with a needle . 
 the liquid inside is different all the time and i find myself wondering what it is . 
 i do n't ask . 
 thankfully , there 's a digital clock on the wall telling me the time . 
 i sit through a few hours without anyone bothering me , waiting for exhaustion . 
 but i stay awake staring as the clock passes 12 pm , 1 am , 2 am and so on ... maybe i 'm not exhausted yet because i 've been resting all my life . 
 chapter 4 vivian before the clock hits 7:00 am , i try calling rian a few times . 
 he 's either a really heavy sleeper or just away , occupied by something else . 
 and i have no idea how loud the ring even is if there even is a ringtone . 
 my arms get a bit of exercise as i maneuver myself around from room to room by rotating the wheels of the wheelchair . 
 thankfully , i have n't needed to take a trip to the bathroom yet . 
 the kitchen 's completely bare of food so i have nothing to eat as my stomach begins growling . 
 what frightens me as i search through the kitchen drawers for equipment , is the new silverware i find . 
 at first , they are boxed up so i have no idea what it 's supposed to be . 
 but as i pull each one of them out , i see they 're rectangular stainless steel objects as wide my index finger . 
 something tells me they 're a new and improved version of forks , spoons , and knives -- all in one . 
 and struggling with them for a few minutes , i decide that when the time comes , i 'll figure out how they work . 
 but not right this minute . 
 just as i 'm about to put the box away , a deafening buzz shakes the whole room and i jump involuntarily . 
 and it stops just as suddenly . 
 that 's when i realize my legs have started to move . 
 forgetting about the sound completely , i start tapping my toes on the wheelchair 's footrest , smiling to myself . 
 i 'll finally be able to walk ! 
 i 'm reminded of the buzz as it strikes again . 
 then a few beeps sound in my bedroom . 
 clueless about all these sounds and what i should be doing , i stare at the ground until the beeping from my room gets louder . 
 what if that 's how the ringtone sounds when someone 's calling ? 
 i shoot out of the wheelchair but nearly fall to the floor . 
 the kitchen counter is there to support me . 
 `` alright , '' i sat out loud . 
 `` i guess i 'm not used to walking yet . '' 
 pressing myself to the wall for balance , i make my way into my bedroom , my eyes scanning the surroundings around me for the source of the sound . 
 they land on a silver cube perched on the nightstand . 
 i stumble over to it and pick it up , noticing it 's size is almost as big as my fist . 
 as soon as it 's resting in my palm , a familiar voice escapes out of it . 
 rian 's voice . 
 he sounds tired . 
 `` hey is that you , vivian ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's me , '' i say . 
 another loud buzz sounds and my free hand flies up to cover one of my ears . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 rian 's voice replies hastily , `` it 's a warning alarm . 
 it goes off every three or four days . '' 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 `` it warns us about what 's happening outside ... you know , on earth . '' 
 his voice sounds hesitant . 
 perplexed , i stare at the cube in my palm for a few seconds before clearing my throat and answering , `` i thought we were on earth . '' 
 i could practically see rian shaking his head . 
 `` uh ... well ... we 're a couple hundred yards below the earth 's surface , so technically , we 're inside earth . 
 you alright in there ? 
 nothing 's falling apart , is it ? '' 
 the room looks fine to me . 
 i smirk as another buzz sounds . 
 `` no , just my eardrums . '' 
 `` it has to be loud enough to wake people in case of an emergency . '' 
 i decide to ask , `` so what is going on outside ? '' 
 there 's a soft laugh and then rian 's voice follows , `` can i explain that later ? 
 i need to wake up first and get ready . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` it 's 7:24 . 
 might as well wake up . 
 i need to tell you few things . 
 see you in . . 
 an hour , i guess . '' 
 `` yep , '' i say after i hear a soft click , telling me he hung up . 
 too late , he did n't hear you . 
 i settle on a quick shower . 
 thankfully , the water is n't too complicated to turn on . 
 handles and valves have been replaced with a touch panel -lrb- there are regular options for cold , warm , or hot as well as others that i do n't want to try out -rrb- , but it 's not too bad . 
 i 've been given a small bottle of shampoo yesterday . 
 it does n't smell too bad . 
 something with flowers and coconuts . 
 i sort through all the clothes i 've been handed yesterday and pick out a white sweatshirt and white skinny jeans . 
 the only blue t-shirt stands out from all the white they 've given me . 
 i pull it on with the sweatshirt over it . 
 since i do n't have any shoes , i pull on whites socks reaching just below my ankles . 
 hoping this wo n't look too strange , i step from the room and out into the hallway , immediately spotting people and children heading back and forth . 
 i merge in with them and stroll toward rian 's room , keeping my hand lightly on the wall for support . 
 i do n't remember where his room is so i check the names on the doors as i pass them . 
 a few girls linger by some of the doors , talking in a group . 
 they block the corridor . 
 as i mutter an `` excuse me '' to them , one turns to me and asks , `` are you okay ? '' 
 i do n't know if she 's being mean or just cares for no reason , but i answer her . 
 `` yeah . 
 why ? '' 
 she points to my feet and i think she 's criticizing me for wearing socks without shoes . 
 she must think i 'm crazy , that 's why she asked if i am okay . 
 but instead , she says , `` i noticed you were limping . '' 
 by now , her small group of friends have turned their attention toward me . 
 it 's because i have n't mastered walking yet , i would tell her . 
 i had n't been aware of my limping either . 
 instead , this is what i decide to say , `` i 'm fine . 
 i bumped my ankle on a door frame a few minutes ago . '' 
 if i started telling her about how i was revived yesterday and had to be dragged around by a tour guide the whole day in a wheelchair , she 'd classify me as `` the new girl '' and might cling to me all day , providing me with `` help . '' 
 i do n't want that . 
 i have rian . 
 `` are you sure you did n't sprain it ? '' 
 her eyebrows knit in worry although i do not care . 
 i wave her away and continue walking/limping . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 thanks though ... '' . 
 i glance back at her as i walk away and see her shrugging to her friends . 
 i hope my limp is n't that bad . 
 i 'll have to ask rian . 
 his door should be somewhere close to that white main hallway . 
 glancing at all the names on the doors i pass confuses me after quite a while . 
 i spot the name ryan and nearly stop walking . 
 then realizing it 's not rian 's door , i continue . 
 after several minutes of searching , i finally come across his door . 
 he 'd said he 'd be ready in an hour and before i left my room , i had checked my clock . 
 it had taken me only 30 minutes to get dressed . 
 he 'd still be busy but i knock anyway . 
 surprisingly , it does n't take him long to open the door . 
 once it slides open , it reveals a neat room with more furniture than i have and a wet haired rian . 
 he is dressed in darker jeans than yesterday and a light gray t-shirt . 
 i am surprised to see him this way and by the looks of it , he 's surprised to see me here . 
 he looks me up and down and a small smile lifts at the corners of his mouth . 
 `` i take it you know how to walk now ? '' 
 i shrug and ask him , `` i 'm not too early am i ? '' 
 he squints into the room and mutters , `` 7:54 . '' 
 then turns back to me and says , `` no , of course not . '' 
 stepping back , he adds , `` you 're welcome to come in if you 'd like . 
 i 'm just trying to finish a few things up . '' 
 i open my mouth to tell him i could wait outside but decide against it . 
 then , stepping through the open door , i try giving him a compliment on his room . 
 `` it looks great in here . 
 how long did you live here , exactly ? '' 
 the door slides closed after me . 
 rian rubs the back of his neck , thinking . 
 `` uh , i believe ... two years . '' 
 he gives a little laugh . 
 `` but i really do n't know . 
 i hate when people ask me that . '' 
 oops . 
 i 'm just trying to start a conversation . 
 i hate awkward silence . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he waves my apology away and strolls over to a small glass desk in the corner of the room , where a black tablet lays . 
 i instantly remember the clipboard one i was not given back . 
 i still want to read about my past life . 
 as rian sits down at the glass desk , i notice another object at the corner of the table . 
 this one 's familiar . 
 a glass cube with a sculpted wolf head inside . 
 it 's dr. janelle 's . 
 rian is scrolling through documents as i speak up , `` rian ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` are you ever going to return that ? '' 
 i point vaguely at the cube but rian seems to know what i 'm talking about . 
 he leans against the chair and says , `` janelle has n't noticed it 's missing yet . 
 but if it bothers you that much , then i can return it today , okay ? 
 unless you wanted to keep it ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 how would you know if she has n't noticed it 's missing ? 
 she might be searching for it right now , worried sick ! '' 
 rian shrugs . 
 `` not my problem . 
 she 's lost things before . 
 i have as well ... and i 've never gotten them back . '' 
 he reaches behind his desk and pulls out something that looks similar to the glass cube with the wolf head . 
 but instead of the wolf , there 's a bear . 
 `` janelle 's as well . '' 
 my eyes widen . 
 `` you steal things from her ?! '' 
 `` i 'm suspicious of her stealing things from me . '' 
 `` so you steal things from her ? '' 
 i repeat fiercely . 
 `` pretty things ? '' 
 rian shrugs again and focuses his attention on the tablet . 
 i keep silent with my hands behind my back , listening to muffled conversations out in the hallway . 
 it 's so quiet in this room that i hear my stomach grumble a few times . 
 since rian is so focused on the tablet , i do n't think he hears it . 
 after several minutes of silence , rian says , `` you can sit down if you want . 
 i 'll finish this and we can head out . '' 
 i nod and lower myself down onto the floor . 
 when rian said i could sit down , i do n't think he meant the ground . 
 there are a few chairs by the wall but i do n't care . 
 i look around the room instead . 
 it 's the same shape and size as mine . 
 instead of a white bed though , it 's black . 
 the carpet is flatter than mine from being walked on but it still looks clean and white . 
 i can see the small kitchen from where i 'm sitting and immediately think of food . 
 my stomach grumbles again . 
 what type of food do they have here ? 
 rian stands up abruptly , startling me . 
 `` okay , i 'm finished . 
 let 's go . 
 i 'll explain things while we walk . '' 
 rian starts talking once we set foot onto the main white hallway . 
 he tells me he was assigned to escort me around for a couple of days until i familiarize myself with this place or get sick and tired of seeing him everyday . 
 we are going to the cafeteria for breakfast . 
 he warns me about it being crowded , so if i 'm claustrophobic , i should tell him . 
 but i do n't know if i am so i do n't say anything . 
 we 'll find out sooner or later . 
 we walk casually while people pass us , hurrying to get to their food . 
 `` is it possible for every seat to get taken before we get there ? '' 
 i have to yell for rian to hear . 
 the room is noisy with peoples ' footsteps and voices . 
 `` it could happen , '' rian replies loudly . 
 `` many people eat inside their rooms instead of the cafeteria so that does free up space . 
 some hate how crowded it gets . 
 others just hate talking to people . '' 
 `` where do they get the food they eat in their room from ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` they either get it from the cafeteria or they make it themselves . '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` make it ? '' 
 rian nods . 
 `` all food here is synthetic . 
 it 's created from chemicals . 
 you mix two substances together , let them sit for a few hours , mix them again and add another chemical ... and you get mush , which you can form into food . '' 
 before i can give a disgusted reaction , someone rams into me from the right , causing me to slam into rian , who stumbles into someone else , which causes a guy to drive his fist into someone in front of him . 
 i right myself and help pull rian up to his feet . 
 the girl he 'd stumble into lays on the floor as well , her hand over her head . 
 a large portion of people have stopped walking and focus their attention on us . 
 i hear a gasp and watch as rian helps the fallen girl to her feet . 
 she looks no more than fifteen and i hope she did n't get hurt . 
 before i can say anything to her , a hard hand clasps my shoulder . 
 i spin around , startled and freeze when i see who 's in front of me . 
 curly brown hair , tall , same eyes as mine : brown . 
 his face is so familiar . 
 even though he looks taller and muscular than ever , i recognize who it is right away . 
 he has a huge grin on his face . 
 `` piers ? '' 
 my brother . 
 i do n't know how big the disbelief on my face is . 
 we stare at each other for a few seconds , him grinning from ear to ear while i stand frozen , dumbfounded . 
 he pulls me into an unexpected hug while i 'm still dazed . 
 he 's my younger brother . 
 was my younger brother . 
 he has been aging while i stayed my . 
 we 've switched . 
 i 'm his younger sister now . 
 when he pulls away , i manage to stammer out , `` h-h-how old are you ? '' 
 to me , he looks past 25 . 
 he 's actually grown really tall . 
 i have to look up to see his face . 
 how long have i been dead ? 
 piers ' voice is low when he speaks . 
 not at all what i 've remembered it sounding . 
 `` twenty-nine . 
 are n't you proud of me , little sis ? '' 
 he 's still beaming while i ca n't even plaster a fake smile on my face . 
 i 'm suddenly aware of the silence in the hallway with piers ' voice echoing off the walls . 
 i glance around the room and meet rian 's gaze . 
 the look on his face tells me he 's shocked as much as the people who had stopped to watch were although i doubt they understand what 's going on . 
 `` what a happy family reunion , '' piers says . 
 i do n't understand why he 's here . 
 is he insane ? 
 he could have killed someone ! 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 my voices rises . 
 `` slamming hard into people is n't a greeting ! 
 you hurt someone . '' 
 i gesture to the girl still standing next to rian . 
 he has an arm drooped protectively over her shoulders . 
 she still has her hand over the side of her head and i can tell she is trying hard not to cry . 
 piers grimaces and the smile finally wears off his face . 
 `` sorry , i got too excited . 
 but come on , did n't you miss me ? 
 i 'll be honest , i missed you . '' 
 i 'm still furious . 
 if piers would have introduced himself differently without using violence , i might have been jumping up and down with joy . 
 but smacking into me to get my attention ? 
 i 'm not calming down that easily . 
 `` yeah , i missed you , '' i say sharply . 
 `` but you just had to run at me , did n't you ? '' 
 piers frowns and crosses his arms . 
 `` look , you should be ecstatic seeing your brother alive and well . 
 just because i made some stupid mistake does n't mean you should start whining and pouting . 
 be tough . '' 
 he spreads his arms out . 
 `` you do n't look wounded to me . 
 does anything hurt ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i still ca n't get over the fact that he 's grown so much . 
 `` i just think it 's strange seeing you older than me , '' i say . 
 piers pulls me in for another hug and this time i return it , putting a small smile on my face . 
 people have finally started to move away , losing interest in our conversation . 
 but rian still stands there with the girl by his side . 
 `` you 're heading down for breakfast , yeah ? '' 
 piers asks me . 
 `` come on , let 's go before all the good spots are taken . 
 i 'll introduce you to my friends . '' 
 friends ? 
 how long has piers been staying here to make friends ? 
 he starts pulling me after him but i stop him , wanting to introduce rian . 
 `` piers , wait . 
 there 's someone you should meet first . '' 
 i gesture to rian , who automatically loses his current stiff stance , replacing it with a more relaxed one . 
 `` this is rian . 
 he 'll be my guide for a few days until i know how to get around by myself . '' 
 i face rian and say , `` rian , this is piers , my brother . 
 he 's supposed to be five years younger than me but - '' `` blame science , '' piers cuts in . 
 `` science made me into what i am today . '' 
 rian 's forehead creases . 
 `` and what exactly are you today ? '' 
 piers grins . 
 `` older than vivian . '' 
 he bursts into laughter at the stupid joke while rian and i exchange glances . 
 i shrug and we both wait until piers calms down . 
 it does n't take too long but the young girl by rian 's side decides she 's had enough of us so she ducks from under rian 's arm and dashes after a few people i think are her friends . 
 rian watches her go . 
 `` i guess she did n't get hurt that bad with me falling on her and stuff , '' rian laughs nervously . 
 `` but that was embarrassing . '' 
 i 'm about to say something to him when piers interrupts . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 `` he stretches his hand out to rian . 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , by the way . '' 
 rian does n't seem to want to shake piers ' hand . 
 if a large muscular guy offered to shake my hand , i would be reluctant to do so too . 
 i would n't know how strong his grip would be . 
 my puny hand would be crushed . 
 rian finally shakes piers ' hand although the act looks wimpy and limp . 
 i want to laugh because of how small rian looks compared to piers . 
 though i doubt i look any bigger . 
 we start walking with the rest of the people toward the cafeteria and piers is the one who starts talking . 
 `` it 's good to see you two . 
 although i barely know you . '' 
 piers points at rian although rian seems to have his mind wandering elsewhere or he 's just choosing to ignore my brother . 
 piers reaches out and starts ruffling my hair . 
 i duck away from him and he laughs . 
 `` you look so scrawny , viv . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i shrug and say , `` i could ask you the same thing . 
 what happened to you ? 
 you used to be scrawny and short , now you 're ... '' i gesture to my brother . 
 piers pats his biceps and laughs again . 
 `` you heard of something called working out ? '' 
 i am about to ask when he started getting interested in it but we reach the cafeteria and the entrance door is practically jammed with people . 
 all three of us are instantly separated as others start streaming in and pushing people out of the way . 
 i glance at rian and piers , who are now a few feet away from me . 
 they 're facing the front and acting like they 've done this before , which they did -lrb- they 've been living here so much more than i have -rrb- . 
 there is no space left to squeeze past anyone to get to piers or rian so i decide to stay where i am . 
 i could push people out of my way but i know i 'm not comfortable with doing that . 
 i finally get past the doorway . 
 there is a long line ahead of me but i can tell it 's moving fast . 
 the long tables are filled and i 'm wondering how in the world people find open spots in this place . 
 this is starting to remind me of school . 
 rian and piers have completely disappeared so i 'm left standing here by myself , clueless to how i should get my food . 
 do i just have to pick it up ? 
 say something and they give it to me ? 
 i wish rian were here . 
 the line continues moving . 
 i try listening to conversation around me as i wait . 
 if i could see the front of the line , i would be observing it every step of the way . 
 what bothers me is that i 'm freaking out about not knowing how to get the food . 
 once there are four or five people until my turn , i closely watch what they are doing . 
 there seems to be to be a touch panel they press before heading down to what appears to be a small conveyor belt . 
 a few items -lrb- looking like food -rrb- slide out and they are gathered by the people who ordered them . 
 okay , i got this , i think to myself as i walk up to the panel . 
 the screen 's a light blue color with the tiniest font i 've ever seen . 
 it appears to be a list of various foods . 
 synthetic foods . 
 rian told me all of this food is man-made . 
 my hand wavers over the panel before i press a random food i 've never heard of before . 
 reeflins . 
 i hope it tastes good . 
 the second word i choose falls under the beverage category on the list . 
 water . 
 i move away and the next person goes . 
 heading toward the conveyor belt , i start to see a rectangular can -lrb- at least i think it 's a can -rrb- and a spherical object wrapped in what appears to be cloth . 
 these are reeflins ? 
 what kind of world is this ? 
 once again , i am hoping they taste good . 
 with the food and beverage -lrb- hopefully real water and not some mushy clear stuff -rrb- , i move through an aisle between the tables , searching for a place to sit . 
 this reminds me so much of school . 
 could n't they have thought of a better way to make a cafeteria ? 
 as i spot a few people standing in the corners and eating their food , i start doubting about there being any open seats left . 
 if they 're standing , should i stand too ? 
 piers or rian can find me faster this way . 
 sighing , i start heading over to one of the farthest corners where i can see a few lonely people hanging out . 
 when i near it , i see three girls . 
 they give me a small smile as i sit down without saying a word to them . 
 the floor looks clean enough . 
 i set the object called a reeflin on my lap and start unfolding it . 
 before i can finish , the three girls next to me sit down too . 
 like most of the people here , they all wear white clothing . 
 one of them has her hair tucked into her shirt while another just lets her hair hang loose . 
 the one with a high ponytail tries to talk to me . 
 since i 'm closer to them , i can tell they 're younger than me . 
 somewhere between 13 or 16 . 
 `` so , '' the ponytail girls starts . 
 `` you do n't have anywhere else to sit ? '' 
 i shake my head and pick up my can , trying to find a way to open it . 
 the girl continues , pointing to the reeflin . 
 `` you like reeflins ? '' 
 i almost shake my head , wanting to tell her this is my first time being here . 
 `` i want to try them , '' i say instead . 
 she grimaces . 
 `` they 're not very good . '' 
 the other two girls nod in agreement . 
 of course . 
 my first time picking food and i chose the worst food ever . 
 where were rian or piers when i needed them ? 
 i pull the cloth open and stare at what 's in front of me . 
 light brown bread . 
 some thin pieces have been chipped off so i assume it 's flaky bread . 
 i 'm surprised . 
 i was expecting rusty slush . 
 `` what 's inside ? '' 
 i ask the ponytail girl . 
 `` uh ... '' she turns to one of the girls for help but they just shrug . 
 `` something brown , i think . '' 
 i 'm almost reluctant to try it . 
 but not because they said it 'll be gross , but because i feel awkward with the three girls staring at me , waiting for my reaction . 
 i tear a piece off and pop it into my mouth . 
 it 's hard to chew , i can say that . 
 but as i swallow it , i realize it 's not that bad . 
 i reach for another piece . 
 `` you like it ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 yes i do . 
 they finally move away from me and start whispering . 
 i strain my ears to try to listen to what they are saying , wondering if they 're talking about me . 
 but they 're too quiet . 
 i ca n't hear them . 
 i 'm halfway done with the reeflin when i start wondering where the trash bin is . 
 jeez . 
 all these problems and no one here to answer them . 
 `` vivian ! '' 
 a voices booms out , causing me to jump . 
 it 's definitely my brother , i conclude as i look up to see who the voice belongs to . 
 yep , sure is . 
 piers is heading my way , followed by two guys who i believe are his friends . 
 `` vivian , '' piers repeats again . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he motions to the corner i 'm sitting in . 
 i notice a few people have turned my way . 
 oh , why does piers attract attention to me that easily ? 
 `` i could n't find anywhere else to sit , '' i mutter , glancing down at the food in my hand . 
 `` where 's rian ? '' 
 `` i assume the tour guide 's hanging out with his friends . 
 i saw you sitting here all by yourself and i started laughing . '' 
 piers grins . 
 `` yes . 
 thanks for that . '' 
 piers pulls me to my feet and i hand him the can of water . 
 `` can you open this ? '' 
 he raises his eyebrows in confusion . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't know . 
 it said it was water . '' 
 he nods one time and to my surprise , twists the can with both hands and i hear a click . 
 he hands me the can and i stare at it . 
 the top of it is missing i can see a grayish liquid floating inside . 
 it is n't too mushy as i stir it around . 
 `` are you going to drink that ? '' 
 piers asks , a sickened expression on his face . 
 i really do n't know . 
 without waiting for my answer , he and his two friends start moving toward the other side of the room . 
 i follow them . 
 one of the guys falls behind to talk to me . 
 `` hey , '' is all he says . 
 still feeling unsure if i should drink the `` water '' or not , i reply nonchalantly , `` hey . '' 
 `` how are you getting around so far ? '' 
 i look up at the guy , wondering why he would randomly come up to talk to me . 
 then i notice he 's a scientist i 've seen before . 
 he 's the guy who gave me a haircut and measured my temperature the first day i was awakened . 
 although he 's not dressed in a lab coat , i still recognize him . 
 `` great , '' i say slowly . 
 a scientist is my brother 's friend . 
 that 's probably the weirdest thing ever . 
 `` how did you meet piers ? '' 
 i decide to ask . 
 i was curious . 
 he has a baffled look on his face , not answering for a few seconds . 
 `` i-uh-he works for me . '' 
 his answer sounds more like a question and i 'm shocked . 
 `` piers is a scientist ? '' 
 i say it loud enough so piers hears . 
 i did n't mean to . 
 he turns his head . 
 `` what ? 
 surprised ? '' 
 piers calls over his shoulder . 
 `` not what you expected of me ? '' 
 i keep my mouth shut . 
 i never thought piers would be a scientist . 
 as a kid , he was always interested in constructing buildings . 
 he read about them all day . 
 `` how 's callum doing with helping you around ? '' 
 the guy asks . 
 if he never mentioned anything about helping me around , i would n't have been able to guess who this `` callum '' is . 
 i 'm not too familiar with rian 's last name . 
 `` he 's doing fine . 
 but i need to start memorizing these places . '' 
 i say . 
 the guys nods once and catches up to piers and the other guy . 
 piers and his two friends finally stop walking and sit down . 
 piers points to me and tells his other buddies around him that i 'm his sister , vivian . 
 a girl next to piers scoots over to make room for me and pats the empty seat , giving me a smile . 
 as i sit down , i notice her hair looks like it has been dyed , which it probably has . 
 in most places it 's solid black and does n't look like a natural color . 
 she introduces herself to me and i immediately recognize the name from a door i 've seen yesterday . 
 `` i 'm verity . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` vivian . '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 the girl-verity-asks . 
 how old do i look like ? 
 `` 21 . '' 
 `` oh . 
 you look older . 
 i 'm 18 . '' 
 she pauses , thinking . 
 `` if i had to guess , i would say you 're from the 19th . '' 
 `` the 19th ? '' 
 piers turns toward us and snorts but does n't say anything . 
 verity explains , `` the 19th century . 
 you know , the 1800 's . '' 
 i hold my breath , trying to stay calm . 
 really ? 
 the 19 century ? 
 `` why do you think that ? '' 
 i try to keep my voice light . 
 verity does n't hesitate . 
 `` your hair . '' 
 my hand automatically flies up to my hair and i scoff . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm from 2024 . 
 what 's wrong with my hair ? '' 
 verity 's eyes shift away and i hear her mutter , `` oops . '' 
 i face piers . 
 `` what 's wrong with my hair ? '' 
 something small hits my face and falls onto my lap . 
 i recoil , my face scrunching up . 
 i glance down at my lap , spotting a black hair tie . 
 really ? 
 is my hair that bad that someone wants me to tie it ? 
 i pick it up with two fingers , looking around at all the people around me . 
 i take a deep breath but do n't say anything . 
 all of their faces are serious so i do n't know who threw it . 
 piers elbows me and chuckles . 
 `` nothing is wrong with your hair . 
 verity just has her own opinions , '' he mutters quietly . 
 `` of course she does , '' i say coldly . 
 then force a laugh . 
 `` you know what ? 
 fine . '' 
 i pull my hair up and tie it using the hair tie . 
 my face feels exposed when i finish . 
 i leave it like that , in a high ponytail . 
 `` does it look better now ? '' 
 i ask verity . 
 she frowns and tries apologizing . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about - '' `` no , it 's fine . '' 
 i cut her off and give her a reassuring smile . 
 i do n't think it looks too reassuring because her face expression does n't change . 
 i wave my hands around my hair . 
 `` it 's better this way . '' 
 she sighs and looks away , turning to the food in front of her instead . 
 i remember the can in my hand , still filled with the liquid . 
 i look toward the front of the room , where i see the conveyor belt and touch panel still in use . 
 the line is there . 
 what if rian 's still waiting ? 
 `` am i allowed to go up there again ? '' 
 i motion to the line . 
 my stomach is still complaining . 
 i have n't eaten for years . 
 piers nods . 
 `` yeah . 
 it 's not like they keep a record of who went how many times . 
 i 'll go with you if you want . 
 you wo n't be able to find us again if you go by yourself . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nah , i 'll manage . '' 
 i 'm not planning on going back here anyway . 
 piers lets me go and i squeeze out of the tight space , heading toward the end of the line . 
 at least it 's shorter than before . 
 i did n't leave the can of water behind . 
 i want to try this new water . 
 sipping out of the can while i wait in line , i 'm surprised again by how this tastes like . 
 i am expecting the water to have a strange taste but it does n't taste like anything . 
 not even like water . 
 the food line finally decreases and i 'm picking my food again . 
 i grab something else this time . 
 a bowl of noodles . 
 the silverware is absent so i eat the noodles with my fingers , standing at the entrance of the cafeteria , looking for a familiar face . 
 a familiar face like rian 's . 
 i do n't know what we 're supposed to be doing after breakfast passes . 
 do n't i have an appointment to go to ? 
 dr. janelle 's questioning center ? 
 and how long is breakfast , exactly ? 
 i shrink against the wall , sliding down to the floor . 
 these people look so happy while i sit here moping around , waiting for breakfast to end . 
 at least i know i 'm not claustrophobic . 
 i 'm just lonely . 
 i 'm relaxed on the floor for who knows how long , staring at my noodles until a shadow passes over me and stays there . 
 i look up , expecting piers or even verity , standing there , a look of pity on their faces . 
 or even a smirk . 
 it 's my tour guide . 
 `` you look lonesome , '' he says . 
 for some reason , i feel a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth . 
 rian sits down next to me and my smile widens . 
 i do n't feel so alone . 
 `` i do n't like this place , '' i say loud enough for rian to hear over the noise of the cafeteria . 
 rian nods . 
 `` it happens . 
 that 's why some people chose to eat in their room instead . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm going to do . '' 
 `` do n't you want to make friends ? 
 talk to your brother ? 
 his friends ? '' 
 i make a waving motion with my hand . 
 `` no . 
 they think my hair 's too ` 19th century . '' ' 
 rian crosses his arms and rests his head against the wall . 
 `` is that why you 're wearing a ponytail ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` your hair looks fine . '' 
 `` that 's what my brother told me . '' 
 `` and it 's true . '' 
 i peek at rian but do n't say anything . 
 i feel better already . 
 someone else telling me my hair looks fine means more to me than my brother saying this . 
 but that does n't mean i 'll start wearing it down . 
 i look down at my right hand , the hand with the black swirl of tattoos painted on . 
 `` rian ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i show him my graffiti hand . 
 `` what does this mean ? '' 
 he holds his right hand up too . 
 the same design is tattooed on . 
 i gasp in shock . 
 `` it 's a type of classification . 
 a few more people have these . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows . 
 `` a few more people ? 
 does that mean we 're special in some way ? '' 
 he hesitates . 
 `` it 's ... nothing you should be worried about . 
 just know it 's a type of classification . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say slowly . 
 `` oh , and vivian ? '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` do n't talk about it with anyone else unless they bring it up , okay ? '' 
 i 'm confused but i nod anyway . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` just do n't . 
 they wo n't answer your question anyway . '' 
 `` like who , specifically ? '' 
 `` doctors , scientists , welds ' brother , ` mr. ' welds . 
 `` he puts air quotes around `` mr. '' `` brother ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` jack welds . 
 he 's in charge around here . 
 their father founded this place several years ago and he passed it on to his oldest son , jack . 
 jack has a son who 'll inherit it after him . '' 
 `` did you ever meet jack welds ? '' 
 rian nods . 
 `` several times . 
 he likes to invite the few people with the tattoos on their hands to dinner sometimes . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'm baffled . 
 the people with tattoos on their hands ! 
 that means we are special to them in some way . 
 we 're different . 
 `` why those specific people ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've tried looking into it many times in the past year . 
 i ca n't seem to find anything . 
 i 've always wondered though . 
 what 's up with us ? '' 
 `` have you tried asking ? '' 
 rian frowns . 
 `` do n't ask them , '' he warns me . 
 `` i 'm not going to , '' i say quickly . 
 i 'm expecting no answers from them so i 'm not planning on asking them . 
 although i am a bit curious ... `` anyway , '' rian changes the subject . 
 `` one more member 's been added to jack 's dinner meetings . 
 you . 
 so be expecting an invitation . 
 by the way , it 's a formal dinner . 
 wear something nice . '' 
 `` i do n't have anything nice , '' i mutter as i scoop noodles into my hands , stuffing them into my mouth . 
 `` do i have to wear a dress ? '' 
 i start chewing while rian answers . 
 `` yeah . 
 and i have to wear a suit . '' 
 a noodle gets caught in my throat but i hold in my choking cough and swallow it down . 
 `` a white suit ? '' 
 i cough a little afterward . 
 `` no . 
 they 're all black . 
 it would look pretty ridiculous with all white . '' 
 i gesture around the whole room , trying to emphasize the white colors . 
 `` you do n't say . '' 
 rian eyes my dirty hands and the bowl of noodles on my lap . 
 `` you should probably clean up . 
 we 'll be heading to janelle 's office again . 
 you 'll have to do running tests today . '' 
 i look down at my noodle-covered oily hands . 
 what if i smother this all over janelle 's hair ? 
 smirking , i wipe them on my jeans , leaving faint yellow marks on the white material . 
 chapter 5 vivian the way to janelle 's office does n't take too long . 
 there are barely any people around so we have no problems . 
 they are still eating inside the cafeteria . 
 `` do you have any questions before we enter ? '' 
 rian asks as we stand in front of the same door as we did yesterday . 
 only i had been in a wheelchair that time . 
 `` why do i need to do a running test ? '' 
 rian sets his hand on the doorknob but does n't open the door . 
 `` they want to see what you 're able to do , how fast you can run , all sorts of those things . 
 anymore questions ? '' 
 i ca n't think of any right this minute . 
 i shake my head and rian pushes the door open . 
 the place is emptier than last time . 
 now instead of doctors and scientists roaming around , they 're sitting at their desks . 
 i look over to the corner of the room , where janelle sits with her arms folded , looking at us . 
 `` you 're early , '' she says as we make our way over to her . 
 i glance at rian to see what his face expression is . 
 he 's calm and does n't have any trace of hatred toward janelle on his face . 
 `` we might as well finish . 
 i 'm glad to know you can walk , '' janelle continues as she points a finger at me . 
 she stands up and i follow her to a door . 
 not the same one i 've went through yesterday with her . 
 `` i 'll wait here , '' rian calls after us as i enter this new room . 
 janelle closes the door behind her and it turns silent except for our shoes clicking on tiles as i follow her to the middle of the room , where i see a small table with no chairs . 
 there are a few objects laid across the top . 
 this room is large but so much smaller than the cafeteria . 
 it 's low-ceilinged as well so if i jump high enough , i 'll be able to reach the top . 
 `` complicated machinery is n't necessary for this test , '' janelle says as she catches me looking at the objects on the desk . 
 i 'm not really sure what they are , though . 
 `` you will need to run a couple of laps around and do a few exercises . 
 after that , let us hope you wo n't be too worn out to answer the questions . 
 let 's begin with a few warms ups . 
 i suggest taking your sweatshirt off if you have something underneath . 
 it 'll be easier to run that way . '' 
 she points to my feet . 
 `` you can lose the socks . 
 you 'll slip on the tile . '' 
 i pull my sweatshirt off and drop it on the floor . 
 once my socks are off , my feet feel cold and exposed . 
 `` you 'll run from one side of the room to the other . 
 do n't get too excited . 
 i do n't need you struggling on the real test . 
 you 're not timed on this one so just relax for now . '' 
 janelle tells me to start by the door . 
 i 'll have to jog to the other side of the room , which should take approximately thirty seconds if i go slow enough . 
 i 'm getting a little nervous . 
 `` this is just a warm up , '' janelle calls out from the middle of the room . 
 her voice echoes all around . 
 i nod once and focus on where i need to go . 
 once janelle instructs me to go , i start jogging , quickly at first but i slow down as janelle informs me of my speed . 
 the rest of the exercises pass quickly . 
 i have to run here to there , jump a few times , run again . 
 by the end , i 'm exhausted and about ready to give up . 
 but i remember there 's one more part left . 
 the questions . 
 i groan , about to collapse . 
 i 'm not in shape . 
 janelle heads toward the door and i stumble after her , probably looking very red in the face . 
 `` we 're about to head into the questioning room , '' she tells me . 
 `` pull yourself together and stand up straight . '' 
 i try my best . 
 once we 're back in the room with janelle 's desk , i spot rian in janelle 's chair , sitting innocently with his hands behind his head . 
 he does n't look like he 's been digging through janelle 's stuff , which i 'm sure he has been . 
 does rian really hate her that much ? 
 i cast rian a glance before we enter the interrogation room . 
 he gives me a smile . 
 i 'm sitting at the same table i did yesterday , only now i 'm actually in a chair . 
 janelle sits across from me once again . 
 she takes a deep breath before speaking . 
 `` before we begin , i need to ask you an irrelevant question . '' 
 she leans forward a little , bringing her voice down to a whisper . 
 `` where is the glass cube ? '' 
 i go rigid . 
 she 's talking about the glass thing . 
 she does care . 
 did rian return it to her just now ? 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 her eyes narrow and she sits up straight . 
 `` alright . 
 i have my suspicions on who it is , though . '' 
 her voice shifts into a lighter tone and she continues . 
 `` anyway . 
 on with the questions . '' 
 janelle asks me about the things i think i would enjoy doing and things i dislike . 
 i 'm not sure why these first questions are necessary , but i cooperate . 
 she tells me the number i 'm classified with is 42-2 . 
 i do n't have to memorize it or do anything with it . 
 this is just their system of organization . 
 it makes it easier for them to find us based on this number . 
 she asks me questions about the exercises and i answer them as best i can even though i get bored as every question passes . 
 i can tell janelle 's tired as well because of how her voice shifts into a dull monotone . 
 i 'm not sure how much time has passed when janelle stands up and i gladly follow . 
 she adds one more thing before leading me out . 
 `` you are invited to dinner with jack welds , the leader of this building . 
 other of our experiments will show up so you wo n't be alone . 
 he is expecting you to arrive on time . 
 6:30 pm . 
 wear something formal and please do n't make a fool of yourself . 
 behave . '' 
 with that , she opens the door for me and i step out of the room . 
 our gaze shifts to rian simultaneously . 
 he has dozed off on janelle 's chair , his arms spread out across her desk and his head resting on the surface . 
 janelle snorts and strolls over to him , sweeping his arms off the table . 
 he jolts awake immediately , looking lost for a second . 
 his head turns in janelle 's direction and he gives her a small smile , realizing he had fallen asleep on janelle 's property . 
 `` up , '' janelle orders sharply . 
 rian jumps out from her chair and practically flies over to me , staring innocently in the other direction . 
 `` jack welds would like to meet ms. clancy . 
 i propose you help her choose something proper . 
 please , '' she adds . 
 rian gives her one nod before he starts walking toward the exit door . 
 i go after him , watching janelle sit down at her desk , muttering to herself . 
 rian picks up his pace as we walk down the white hallway . 
 i struggle to catch up to him . 
 `` where are we going next ? '' 
 i ask him , trying to dodge a few people striding past me . 
 `` your dear brother , piers . '' 
 `` why walk so fast ? '' 
 `` do n't know . '' 
 rian glances at me and slows down . 
 `` what do you need my brother for ? '' 
 i fall into step beside him . 
 `` well , '' rian starts . 
 `` you know ... i have a life . 
 i work . 
 i turn stuff in . 
 i 'm not just your tour guide . '' 
 `` so you 're going to work and i 'm following you there ? '' 
 rian shrugs . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 `` do you work for my brother ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i only said i 'm going to your brother because i 've seen him work wherever i work . '' 
 `` you knew him before ? '' 
 `` i 've seen him only a couple of times . '' 
 `` how long has he been working here , do you know ? '' 
 `` years . 
 i 've only been alive for two . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 it turns out rian 's job is tedious . 
 he 's asked to sit in a chair and supervise a few flasks or test tubes . 
 over time , the chemicals inside evolve into something else . 
 rian has to take note of that on a tablet . 
 and i sit right next to him , leaning back on my chair . 
 `` this is really all you do ? '' 
 rian nods and writes something down . 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 i peek over his shoulder as he writes . 
 he 's jotting down a few colors , the colors the substances in the flasks are . 
 i notice his handwriting is neater than mine . 
 `` i like your handwriting , '' i comment . 
 rian turns his head slightly toward me with a small smile on his face . 
 for a second , our faces are really close but i lean away awkwardly , trying to decide what to say next . 
 `` so ... how long do you sit here ? '' 
 i manage . 
 `` how long they want me to . '' 
 he stares at the flasks on the only table in the room . 
 honestly , the table , the two chairs , the substances , rian , and i are the only things in this room . 
 `` be truthful . 
 is n't this job kind of dull ? '' 
 rian lets out a quiet laugh . 
 he sets the tablet and pen on his lap . 
 `` i remember ... the first time i got this job ... i was excited for it . 
 i mean , who would n't , right ? 
 a job issued to you by someplace new , you 'd want to work your hardest . 
 prove to them you can do everything they assign you . 
 but yeah , this job is boring . '' 
 he continues writing on the tablet . 
 `` did you get jack welds ' invitation ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but i reckon they expect me to know i 'll be invited since you are . '' 
 i cross my arms and relax on the chair . 
 `` i still do n't understand the dinner thing . 
 what 's it 's purpose ? '' 
 `` to chat with people , '' is all rian gets to say before someone enters the room . 
 we both look up and see it 's that welds guy . 
 not jack welds . 
 `` fantastic , '' welds says . 
 `` you 're still working . '' 
 he holds up another flask and lowers it down onto the table . 
 `` it 's 2:35 . 
 just thought you should know . '' 
 he heads for the door but rian calls out . 
 `` sir . 
 vivian needs something formal for tonight . 
 she 's expected to attend mr. welds dinner plan . '' 
 welds spins around to face us , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` unfortunately there 's nothing i can present you . 
 however , i can inform addison of this request . 
 perhaps she can help . '' 
 `` that would be great , '' rian says . 
 `` very well . 
 callum , you 're excused . '' 
 rian deposits me in my boring bedroom and i sit in silence , staring at the walls . 
 he tells me he 'll be back in a few hours and i should probably start washing up . 
 i finally get up and shuffle over to the bathroom , spending a few minutes trying to scrub at the tattoo on my hand and staring at my freaked out reflection in the mirror . 
 brown strands of hair stick out from my messed up ponytail . 
 did i really look like this the whole day ? 
 a few seconds of scavenging around the bathroom drawers , i finally find a brush and run it through my hair . 
 it takes a while . 
 why could n't someone else have done this for me while i was still dead ? 
 it would n't hurt as much . 
 i take a quicker shower than i did this morning and try washing up my tired face . 
 after that , i throw myself onto my bed and sleep . 
 i am conscious of the voices but i do n't open my eyes right away . 
 `` i suppose we could just leave her here and make some excuse of why she did n't come . '' 
 not familiar with this voice . 
 it 's a girl 's voice . 
 `` the flu ? '' 
 rian 's voice . 
 definitely . 
 `` i 'm kidding . '' 
 `` and so am i. '' a shake on my shoulder brings me to pry my eyes open . 
 i turn over onto my side and stare at the two people standing in my room . 
 rian and a girl . 
 she 's a head shorter than rian , with black hair cascading down her face . 
 i 'm surprised when i see what 's she 's wearing . 
 she has a dark gray dress on . 
 it reaches to her knees . 
 but she 's barefoot . 
 i spot a pair of heels by the door . 
 rian 's wearing black pants along with a black t-shirt . 
 his blond hair spikes up a little . 
 they look like they 're going to a party . 
 `` did i miss something ? '' 
 i mumble through my hands as i rub them across my face . 
 i sit up and instantly remember jack welds ' dinner invitation though i do n't react . 
 the girl with rian shakes her head . 
 `` no , you did n't . 
 but you do have an hour to get yourself ready . '' 
 she tosses something toward me and the unknown object hits my shoulder . 
 cloth . 
 `` how-how did you enter my room ? '' 
 that question pops into my head . 
 i slip out of bed and try to fix my hair , which had found its way into my mouth . 
 the girl smirks . 
 `` you 're not the only one who has access to your room . '' 
 she holds up a white card . 
 `` works for every single room . 
 they have extras . '' 
 i look down at what she had thrown at me earlier . 
 it looks like the same dress she 's wearing . 
 `` so we 're supposed to match ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she gives me a wry smile . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 you can go naked . '' 
 i sigh and snatch the dress off the bed , stomping toward the bathroom . 
 `` we 'll be waiting here , '' the girl adds as i shut the bathroom door behind me . 
 in the bathroom , i lift the gray dress and hold it out in front of me , trying to imagine how i would look like before i put it on . 
 my hair might ruin the whole look . 
 i 'll have to put it up . 
 once i struggle into the dress , i get back into the bedroom , where the girl and rian are still waiting . 
 they turn their heads in my direction as i enter . 
 the girl raises her eyebrows and i anxiously start brushing the dress off as they stare at me . 
 `` it does n't look too bad , '' the girl says . 
 `` at least it fits . '' 
 she tosses a pair of ballet flats at me and i reach my hands out to catch them but miss . 
 they hit the wall and land behind the nightstand . 
 i let out a frustrated sigh and retrieve them , pulling them on after . 
 at least they 're not heels . 
 `` do they fit ? '' 
 the girl asks hopefully . 
 i nod and rian smiles , saying , `` you dress fast . 
 most people take forever . '' 
 a scowl appears on the girl 's face . 
 `` she has n't put makeup on her face yet . '' 
 i take a step back . 
 `` uh ... i think i 'll be fine . '' '' 
 the girl shrugs . 
 `` okay , whatever you prefer . '' 
 + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + there are six people who are waiting outside the only wooden door i 've seen around here . 
 i 'm prepared to see a white room on the other side , just like the whole place . 
 but who knows , i could be wrong . 
 jack welds is in charge around here , why would n't he be able to afford something nice ? 
 the girl who had come to my room with rian is apparently named addison . 
 she 's my age , 21 , and has the same swirl of graffiti on her hand just like me and rian . 
 i manage to catch a glimpse of similar tattoos on the other peoples ' hands and i wonder what they could possibly mean . 
 the others are whispering to each other as rian and i stand in silence , side by side , farthest from the door . 
 i had tied my hair into another high ponytail , hoping it does n't look too poofy . 
 suddenly , the girl by the door , blond hair flowing behind her , makes her way over to me and rian , stretching her hand out . 
 `` i 've heard you 're new , '' she says , directing her outstretched hand toward me . 
 `` i 'm laurey and you must be vivian . '' 
 her voice lowers to a whisper . 
 `` i only know your name because addison told me . '' 
 i give her a quick nod and shake her hand . 
 `` well , it 's great to meet you . '' 
 `` you too . '' 
 she points to rian . 
 `` you have met rian , i see . 
 addison is the newest member , apart from you . '' 
 i nod again , trying to look enthusiastic . 
 i know the girl-laurey-wants to be nice and all . 
 i just want to get the interview/dinner thing over with and get back `` home . '' 
 my room sounds so cozy right now . 
 in fact , i think i might be getting tired . 
 i hope i do n't fall asleep during the dinner . 
 `` anyway , '' laurey continues . 
 `` i would like to explain a few things to you incase you have n't heard of the rules yet . '' 
 rules ? 
 i 'm only half paying attention as i stare at the wall past laurey . 
 she does n't seem to notice it but rian does . 
 he nudges me with his elbow and motions his head slightly in laurey 's direction . 
 `` you 'll need to be kind to mr. welds . 
 he has worked hard to keep this place running . '' 
 jack welds obviously gets help running this whole thing . 
 he ca n't do it all himself . 
 `` if all you do is bring him down , there is a chance he will have a strong disliking toward you . 
 it will be very visible . 
 i 'm suspicious of him already disapproving fox , that guy over there . '' 
 she indicates to a skinny brown haired tall guy . 
 he 's talking to some other dude . 
 laurey is about to say something else but she does n't get to . 
 her mouth freezes open halfway as the brown wooden door finally slides open and a man walks out . 
 he 's somewhere close to his 50 's or 60 's according to his graying hair , although he has a full head of it . 
 he 's taller than all of us -lrb- except that fox guy . 
 he 's as tall as him -rrb- . 
 i believe that 's jack welds , the leader of this building . 
 all six of us turn to face him . 
 he smiles down on us and gestures into the room . 
 `` welcome . 
 come in please . 
 i am eager to meet our new member . '' 
 his head turns my way and i try throwing him an amiable smile while i follow the others into the room . 
 i 'm the last one to enter and mr. welds stops me to shake my hand . 
 `` great to meet you . 
 i 'm jack welds . '' 
 i step into the room and glance around . 
 this room is pure white as well . 
 the only things that stand out are the purple food in bowls set in front of every chair at the table . 
 to my horror , i spot those rectangular silverware objects i have n't figured out yet . 
 this is going to be embarrassing . 
 i 'll look like a fool being the only one who does n't know how to use them . 
 `` take a seat , '' mr. welds says calmly . 
 `` we must discuss matters . '' 
 chapter 6 vivian all seven of us are seated at the rectangular table . 
 i do n't know if it 's just me , but i feel awkward in the silence . 
 mr. welds exchanges some smiles with us but only half of us return them . 
 i 'm not one of them . 
 i was too caught up in my own thoughts to notice mr. welds smiling at me . 
 `` you all look nice today , '' he says , looking around . 
 does it always feel this awkward ? 
 could it possibly be this way because i 'm here ? 
 `` we have a new member with us . 
 her name is vivian clancy . '' 
 okay , here we go again . 
 all of the heads turn my way . 
 `` might as well introduce ourselves , '' fox , the tall guy , speaks up . 
 `` i 'm fox and i 'm glad to have you here . 
 i hope you feel welcomed . '' 
 i nod toward him and the next person introduces themselves . 
 `` i 'm laurey , '' laurey says , waving excitedly at me . 
 all the names are given to me . 
 jimmy is the dude with the black hair . 
 he had been talking to fox out in the hallway . 
 i try reciting all the names in my head . 
 rian , laurey , jimmy , fox , addison , and me . 
 so six people have the tattoos on their hands . 
 i wonder what that might mean . 
 mr. welds clears his throat . 
 `` before we begin eating , do you have any questions , vivian ? '' 
 instantly , the question rian told me not to ask pops into my head . 
 instead of asking that one , i say , `` why am i here , exactly ? '' 
 mr. welds lets out a short laugh but i do n't see how that 's amusing . 
 `` well , ms. clancy , '' he begins . 
 `` people like being talked to , am i right ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` not all . '' 
 i think of the people that go to their rooms during breakfast , lunch , and dinner . 
 some of those people do n't like being talked to . 
 everyone at the table is staring at me as mr. welds speaks . 
 `` yes , but meeting new friends and having conversations rises a person 's self-esteem . 
 they are content and would n't want to agitate anyone . '' 
 `` what about the rest of the people ? '' 
 how come us six are the only ones ? 
 mr. welds raises a surprised eyebrow . 
 `` i meet with others as well . 
 we discuss plans . '' 
 why gather the people with the graffiti-ed hands into one group , though ? 
 i nod in understanding although i need more questions answered . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 i look down at the rectangular object i believe is silverware and pick it up . 
 `` how do you use this ? '' 
 once i say it , laughter breaks out from the table and it is n't awkward anymore . 
 i 'm embarrassed now instead . 
 mr. welds raises a hand and the laughter dies down . 
 he does n't look irate though . 
 he has a look of amusement on his face . 
 `` now , now , '' he says . 
 `` remember , you were clueless as well on your first days here . 
 these new things were n't familiar to you just as much as they 're not familiar to vivian right this minute . '' 
 he picks up the silverware object and twists it gently with both hands , revealing what looks like a knife . 
 he twists it again and it turns into a spoon . 
 one more turn and it 's a fork now . 
 from where i 'm sitting , it looks like magic . 
 but i 'm sure he 's just pulling an object out while pushing the previous one inside . 
 i try it myself . 
 at first i do n't understand how i could find the end it opens on but slowly , i feel something turn . 
 `` there we go , '' the tall kid , fox , says as i pull out a fork . 
 he gives me a mocking round of applause but abruptly stops when mr. welds shoots him a look of disapproval . 
 `` shall we eat now ? '' 
 mr. welds offers . 
 he dips his fork into the bowl in front of him and pauses to look at us . 
 `` well ? 
 are n't you going to eat ? '' 
 i look down at my bowl of food as soon everybody else does . 
 it 's rice , but purple colored . 
 `` what why is it ... ? '' 
 i trail off and fox finishes the sentence for me , his mouth stuffed with rice . 
 `` purple ? '' 
 he has already started eating . 
 laurey is next to try it . 
 from the look on all of their faces , they 're surprised to see food . 
 mr. welds swallows the rice politely before answering . 
 `` i wanted something light and not too fancy . 
 i 'm sure a day without pie and potatoes wo n't be horrendous . '' 
 a couple of people nod as they started eating as well . 
 i watch all of them and take a small bite myself , remembering this food is completely man-made . 
 it tastes the same way rice should taste like . 
 i remember something like this in my earlier years . 
 `` so ... how 's the taste ? '' 
 mr. welds asks after everyone has tried it . 
 he 's looking at me specifically . 
 i shrug . 
 `` it tastes like rice , i guess . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` that 's what we were aiming for . 
 this is still a work in progress . 
 give it a few more weeks and this rice will be a source of every vitamin you need for your body . '' 
 a fork clatters onto the table and everyone turns to see who has dropped it . 
 fox . 
 he 's slumped in his chair , relaxed . 
 his hands are behind his head and a content smile is plastered on his face . 
 mr. welds ' sigh of disappointment does n't seem to bother fox . 
 he sinks further into his seat . 
 `` fox , please behave yourself in front of our new guest , '' mr. welds says , a cold tone seeping into his voice . 
 `` do n't be rude . '' 
 fox just shrugs and gives me a quick glance . 
 `` you do n't mind do you ? '' 
 he asks dully . 
 honestly , no i do n't mind . 
 he 's not bothering me . 
 although i do wish he 'd act nicer toward mr. welds . 
 i shake my head to answer his question . 
 `` i suggestion you ask the others . '' 
 fox looks around the table and everyone finally has their attention off of me . 
 `` you guys mind me ? '' 
 fox motions to the whole table , waiting for them to answer . 
 rian speaks first , an annoyed look on his face . 
 `` you should at least try to act better here . 
 once dinner 's over , you can go do whatever it is you like doing . 
 just do n't show it here . '' 
 fox straightens up and faces rian with an ugly smirk on his face . 
 `` oh , look who 's talking ! 
 what 's up ? 
 have you finally gathered the courage to spit that at me ? '' 
 rian does n't say anything . 
 is it always this weird during these meetings ? 
 or is it just because i 'm here ? 
 i want to leave . 
 mr. welds raises a hand again and i start to find those hand gestures really irritating even though this is the second time i 've seen him do this . 
 `` enough , fox . 
 you would n't want to be locked up would you ? '' 
 locked up ? 
 fox shakes his head and his face changes to a small smile . 
 he looks polite now . 
 `` may i leave early ? '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head and continues eating . 
 `` no you may not , '' he says after swallowing . 
 after several seconds of forks clinking on bowls , mr. welds starts speaking again , addressing to jimmy , one of the people at the table . 
 `` so jimmy , how 's your new job ? '' 
 jimmy looks up and i can see he 's one of those quiet people who do n't really want to talk . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 mr. welds nods . 
 `` what are some things you enjoy doing there ? '' 
 jimmy shrugs . 
 `` all i do is carry boxes and mark them . '' 
 `` ah , '' mr. welds sets his fork down and straightens up . 
 `` your task means so much more than just carrying boxes and marking them . 
 those items are crucial to us . '' 
 `` i understand , sir . '' 
 mr. welds turns to laurey , who has already finished her rice . 
 he opens his mouth to say something but she cuts him off . 
 `` good rice , sir . '' 
 fox snorts and i 'm the only one who turns to look at him . 
 mr. welds nods respectfully . 
 `` how is your job , laurey ? '' 
 `` it 's fascinating . 
 i get to draw all sorts of interesting designs for this building . 
 i 've been rejected several times ... but oh well . '' 
 `` how do you feel about these rejections ? '' 
 mr. welds says eerily , folding his hands in front of him . 
 `` i 've gotten used to them . 
 my first rejection left me in pieces . 
 i felt like i was a failure and did not want to continue my job . 
 but it happens . '' 
 mr. welds went on around the table , asking people random questions about our dreams last night , what we wanted to do in the future . 
 we ate as we listened and laurey had gotten another serving . 
 in the middle of our conversation , an extremely loud buzz shakes the whole room . 
 it 's the same one that had rung in the morning . 
 everyone groans except me . 
 i just cover my ears with my hands and wait . 
 mr. welds sits there calmly without flinching as everyone else looks around and grimaces as the loud blast hurts their ears . 
 once it stops , i notice rian is staring at me . 
 he gives me a small wave as i meet his gaze . 
 i smile at him . 
 `` what exactly does that mean ? '' 
 i 'm the first one to start talking , directing the question to rian . 
 `` you did n't tell me last time . '' 
 instead of answering , rian lets mr. welds do it . 
 `` ms. clancy , it 's just a warning alarm . 
 you should n't be too worried . 
 it simply just tells us the radiation and gases are building up outside the earth and they have reached a certain level . '' 
 mr. welds pulls out a piece of cloth i assume is a napkin and wipes his mouth with it . 
 `` is n't that dangerous ? 
 if the level of radiation increases - '' i am cut off by welds . 
 `` ms. clancy . 
 you must n't worry . 
 we have got this under control . 
 besides , '' he gives me an amused smile . 
 `` no one is ever planning on exiting this building . '' 
 i stay silent as mr. welds stands up . 
 `` i believe this is the end of this dinner . 
 do any of you have any new questions ? '' 
 he directs his attention to me . 
 `` vivian ? '' 
 i fiddle with my fingers under the table for a little , remembering the tattoo on my hand . 
 that question . 
 why ca n't i ask it ? 
 there is silence in the room for a few seconds as i debate over my decision . 
 ask it or not ? 
 ah , screw this . 
 `` mr. welds , can i talk to you alone for a minute ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i have to ask you something . '' 
 mr. weld nods and dismisses everyone with a wave of his hand . 
 `` go ahead , '' he says after everyone has gone . 
 i hope rian is waiting for me outside the door . 
 i did n't exactly memorize the way from my room to this place . 
 i 'm still sitting in my regular seat and so is mr. welds . 
 i bring my right hand up and indicating to the tattoo . 
 `` mr. welds , what does this mean ? '' 
 i try to sound as polite as possible so as to not anger him if this is a forbidden question . 
 `` i 've been wondering for quite a while now . '' 
 `` ah , of course . 
 i 've had questions like these before , '' mr. welds starts . 
 `` once again , you should n't be too worried about them . 
 just know they are a type of classification , just like the number 42-2 . 
 we mark people a certain way for us to know which experiment is which . 
 if you have n't noticed yet , various people have other marks . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` but all the people who you invited for dinner have the same thing i do . 
 why is that ? '' 
 mr. welds does n't seem to know how to reply to this . 
 he waits for a few seconds in silence and does n't answer the question . 
 he just says , `` ms. clancy , if anyone mentions anything about these marks , tell them they should n't ask about them . 
 we wo n't answer their question . '' 
 he stands up and motions to the door . 
 `` i will not answer your question , my apologies . 
 please escort yourself out the door . '' 
 even though i want to protest and inquire mr. welds about this , i obey . 
 and to my relief , rian is waiting outside the room for me . 
 `` oh , great . 
 you did n't leave , '' i tell him . 
 `` i was going to force mr. welds to get me back to my room . '' 
 rian just smirks and i start following him through the hallway , which looks darker than it did before . 
 strange . 
 `` did something happen ? '' 
 i ask , spying a few people off in the distance . 
 i assume they 're fox , laurey , jimmy , and addison . 
 apart from us six , the hallway is completely empty . 
 how late is it ? 
 `` nothing happened . 
 they just dim the lights a bit once it reaches a certain time . 
 it 's 8:20 . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it 's that late ! 
 `` how long were we there ? '' 
 `` two hours . 
 did you think it was less ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 `` it passed so fast . '' 
 `` that means you had fun . '' 
 `` oh , trust me . 
 no i did n't . 
 i actually want to go home . '' 
 i glance down at my dress . 
 `` and change out of this . 
 do i have to wear the same thing next time ? '' 
 `` next time might be a long ways away . 
 you 're welcome to wear it around if you 'd like . 
 you do n't have to stick with just plain white . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no thank you . 
 i 'd rather wear jeans and a t-shirt . '' 
 `` same here , '' rian says , then adds quickly , `` i like wearing regular jeans instead of the white ones they make me wear . '' 
 for the rest of the way to my room , rian tells me a few accidents that happened while he lived here . 
 my eyelids get heavy but i try listening to him talking though i forget what he had said the moment he finishes it . 
 rian notices i 'm fatigued once we reach the corridor with the thousands of bedroom doors on each wall . 
 he leads me down the hallway , but before i can reach my door , he says , `` you think you can manage to find your own way back from here ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 rian gives me a quick pat on the back and heads the same way we came from . 
 i squint at him tiredly as i watch him go for a few seconds . 
 then i make my way toward my room , trying to carefully focus on the names on the doors so i do n't miss mine accidentally . 
 i find it , slower than i wanted to . 
 my room 's temperature is higher than the one out in the hallway . 
 i get conscious of how cold i am . 
 kicking off my shoes , i hop onto my bed and wrap the blanket around me , not bothering to change out of my dress . 
 i 'll do it in the morning . 
 as i lay there , i expect sleep to come . 
 it does not . 
 instead , i 'm left staring at the ceiling for who knows how long . 
 chapter 7 vivian it 's very quiet , i think peacefully , a smile appearing on my face . 
 there are no generators humming and no birds singing . 
 there is no sound at all except my breathing . 
 my eyes are closed so i must have fallen asleep somehow . 
 i do n't open my eyes . 
 i pat the area around me , searching for the blanket i can no longer feel spread around me . 
 whatever i 'm laying on does n't feel like a bed anymore . 
 it feels like ... my eyes shoot open and i immediately see where i am . 
 on the floor . 
 i sit up . 
 i 'm still in my room , that 's a relief . 
 i pull myself to my feet , using my bed next to me for help . 
 my hair is tangled up and has come out of the ponytail as well . 
 i push it out of my eyes and search the room for what i could change into instead of this dress . 
 i decide on the same thing i wore yesterday , fixing my hair in a ponytail again . 
 i 'm out in the hallway again , choosing to go shoeless . 
 i 'll wear socks again . 
 no one judged me yesterday , so why ca n't i go without them today ? 
 i 'm feeling happy . 
 i do n't know why . 
 in fact , i think i 'll skip going to rian 's room and go to the cafeteria by myself . 
 it 'll be easy . 
 i 'll follow the crowd of people there . 
 they should be heading down for breakfast anyway . 
 once i 'm out in the white hallway , i head toward the cafeteria , not caring about people staring at me as i skid across the tiles with my socks . 
 they 're slippery enough . 
 a few people jump out of the way as i run at them , trying to gain speed . 
 i fail a few times and nearly land on my face . 
 but i make it to the cafeteria . 
 the food line declines rapidly . 
 soon i 'm carrying another reeflin along with the same can of water and for a second , i feel like i 'm repeating the same thing as yesterday . 
 i hope this does n't become a regular routine . 
 instead of heading over to the tables , i make my way to the exit door , where to my horror , my brother -- along with the guy who talked to me yesterday -lrb- the one who took my temperature on my first day here -rrb- - stands next to the doorway . 
 no ! 
 i do n't want to talk to him but there is no possible way to avoid him . 
 and i 'm not feeling great enough to eat inside the cafeteria again . 
 my room is waiting for me . 
 taking the long way toward the exit , i slip past people . 
 some of them step out of the way to let me through . 
 piers and his friend still block the door and they wo n't move . 
 get out , get out , get out . 
 then , as if by some miracle , piers shakes off whatever his friend is saying to him ... and walks away . 
 i could practically jump up to the ceiling . 
 however , i still had his friend to deal with . 
 maybe he wo n't recognize me ? 
 i scoff . 
 highly unlikely ! 
 there is a chance i could hide behind someone heading for the door . 
 from there , i 'll just merge in the crowd . 
 they have already crammed themselves in the doorway . 
 the idea of running at them pops into my head . 
 the distance between the door and me decreases . 
 i continue dodging people until , finally , i 'm at the exit . 
 and piers ' friend has magically disappeared . 
 just as soon as i 'm about to squeeze myself out into the hallway , a hand snatches my wrist and jerks me back into the cafeteria . 
 no , no , no ! 
 not piers ! 
 and it 's not . 
 i 'm staring into the eyes of his friend , which i do n't know the name of yet . 
 `` please do n't call my brother , '' it just slips out . 
 as soon as i say it , a smile appears on his face . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 are you afraid of him ? '' 
 squirming out of his grasp , i reply , `` of course not . 
 i just do n't want to talk to him . '' 
 `` do n't you like him ? '' 
 `` i wo n't answer that , '' i snap . 
 but of course i like my brother . 
 i 'm just not in a mood to start a conversation with him . 
 he just laughs and sticks his hand out . 
 `` we have n't met properly . 
 i 'm robin garmin . 
 people call me rob and i suggest you should also . '' 
 i shake his hand swiftly , struggling to hold my breakfast with my other hand . 
 `` i 'm vivian and you do n't need to know my last name . '' 
 `` clancy , '' he says and i have to sigh with annoyance . 
 he knows my last name . 
 `` where are you headed ? '' 
 i gesture to the exit door we 're blocking . 
 people walk around us so i step out of the way to let them through . 
 `` obviously out of here . '' 
 `` where 's rian ? '' 
 rob follows me as i slip through the crowd and into the hallway . 
 i wait for him as he struggles through . 
 there is no point running for it . 
 he 'll just want to follow me . 
 besides , i do n't want him to think i hate him . 
 the last thing i want here is to make an enemy . 
 `` i came here without rian so i do n't know where he is , '' i reply . 
 rob laughs . 
 `` you came here all by yourself ? 
 i guess you do n't need rian anymore . 
 by the way , have you picked a job yet ? '' 
 i bite into my breakfast and shake my head . 
 why does he want to talk to me ? 
 `` i 've been alive for two days and you 're expecting me to get a job ? '' 
 i say with a mouthful of food . 
 `` i need to learn how i 'm alive first . '' 
 rob cracked his knuckles mockingly , clearing his throat . 
 `` let me clarify . '' 
 i hope he 's not going to tell me some stupid joke . 
 `` i 'm not sure how you died but i 'll do my best to explain this . 
 first of all , we study cryonics here . 
 it 's gotten advanced through the years so we 're able to thaw frozen people from the past . 
 you died . 
 i do n't know the cause but after your death , your body was sent here . 
 this factory was in early development so we were n't positive we 'd be able to bring people back to life at that time . '' 
 i hold my hand up , signaling for him to stop . 
 `` hold on for a second . 
 you 're saying we as if you were alive when this was being built . 
 were you alive ? '' 
 rob shrugs . 
 `` i guess so . 
 i 'm 30 . 
 and you should know , i never died . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and you were never frozen ? '' 
 rob nods back . 
 `` this does n't shock you in any way ? '' 
 am i supposed to be surprised ? 
 i mean , i know i was brought back from the dead somehow , i just did n't have a pretty clear idea of how . 
 we start walking down the hall , dodging people coming our way . 
 `` do you know dr. janelle ? '' 
 i ask rob . 
 he nods . 
 `` i assume everybody does . 
 you meet her at least once . '' 
 `` she told me i was murdered . 
 might you know where i could find more information on that ? '' 
 if he did , i doubt he would tell me . 
 they would n't exactly let me search through their files . 
 `` there 's a room containing documents related to everyone of our subjects . '' 
 oh , he just told me . 
 i guess it 's not the `` employees only '' type of access . 
 `` if you 'd want to look into it , you have to ask jack . 
 you met him right ? '' 
 i suspect he 's talking about jack welds . 
 `` yeah . 
 yesterday . '' 
 `` you could ask him , '' he tells me again . 
 `` by the way , are you free this morning ? '' 
 in my head , i run through a few possible things i could do to to evade what rob has planned out for me . 
 none of those reasons sound any good to convince him i 'll be busy . 
 `` yes i am , '' i say . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 `` there are a few new inventions i 'd like to show you . 
 most of our patients get to see them . 
 this tour just aids them in finding a purpose inside this facility . 
 want to come along ? '' 
 i give him a small nod , curious to what these `` inventions '' are . 
 new vehicles ? 
 devices ? 
 food ? 
 this room we 're headed to is farther than all of the others i have been to . 
 it takes us forever to get there . 
 but once we do , i see it 's not different from any other room . 
 there are tables lined up against the wall and cabins in the corners . 
 it appears a few scientists are working at several of these tables . 
 they turn their heads our way as we enter . 
 in the very farthest corner from the door , there seems to be some sort of counter , looking a lot like it should be in the kitchen than in here . 
 `` this is it , '' rob motions around the spacious room . 
 `` this is where we work . 
 we 've come up with a certain number of designs for several things . 
 some are useless and some have proven to be a great deal of help . 
 shall i show you around ? '' 
 i do n't see how i 'll be able to work here . 
 this sophisticated equipment is too complicated for my brain . 
 maybe i can get an easy job ? 
 rian 's does n't seem to need too much brain power . 
 all he does is sit there and record changes . 
 i nod to answer rob 's question and drifts over to the white counter , kicking a chair from his path as he pulls a small white bottle from behind the counter . 
 turning toward me , he says , `` hold out your hand . '' 
 reluctantly , i obey . 
 he squeezes a blob of a chalky white substance onto my palm -lrb- as well as his own -rrb- and commands , `` follow what i do . '' 
 i watch as he rubs his hands together , spreading the substance all over his hands . 
 awkwardly , i rub my hands as well . 
 if i had to guess what this is , i would say i 'm rubbing lotion all over my skin . 
 rob holds both of his hands out and i gradually do the same , unsure . 
 we wait , our hands outstretched . 
 i wonder how odd it might look if one of the scientists in the room were to turn around now and see us . 
 `` wait five seconds , '' rob mutters , examining his fingers . 
 i do the same , asking , `` what was that ? '' 
 rob glances at me , both eyebrows raised . 
 `` did you notice that ? '' 
 i am confused . 
 `` notice what ? '' 
 `` a cold sensation spreading across your hands . '' 
 my gaze flickers to my fingers . 
 `` no , '' i say , examining the back and front of my hands . 
 rob is flustered . 
 `` i-uh ... do n't understand . 
 there could be a chance you did n't get the right amount of lotion . '' 
 his eyes narrow as he reads the label on the small bottle , muttering the words under his breath . 
 he puts the bottle down and looks at me . 
 `` it 'll come eventually . 
 this is n't the improved product anyway . '' 
 my head snaps to my hands as a flash of cold runs over them . 
 rob 's eyes brighten . 
 `` did you feel it ? '' 
 i nod , curling my hands in front of my face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` lotion gloves , '' rob 's mouth curls into a triumphant grin . 
 `` derived from latex . 
 a smear of it over the skin causes the fragment of wire and particles to duplicate and heal , creating a protective layer around your hands . 
 that is why it is so vital to spread it across your skin . '' 
 i scrunch my face up , narrowing one of my eyes . 
 `` how safe are these ? '' 
 i show him my hands . 
 he lets out a quiet chuckle . 
 `` there are no risks if used on your hands . 
 in fact , the material is thin but more secure than a regular latex glove or mitten . 
 it can withstand a maximum temperature of 200 degrees . '' 
 my mouth partly opens in surprise . 
 `` so you could use this all over your body and be able to survive in a 200 degree environment ? '' 
 i grab the white bottle from the counter and inspect it . 
 rob snatches it from my grasp and says , `` not exactly , no . 
 you would n't finish slathering this across your face before the thin layer of lotion spreads , blocking your nostrils of receiving any oxygen . 
 you 'd be suffocated in a second . 
 the layer could spread into your body from the nose and block the vital organs . '' 
 i take a small step back . 
 `` did you test it on a human being ? '' 
 rob avoids my eyes , sliding his hands into his lab coat pockets . 
 `` uh , should we go on , now ? '' 
 i decide to drop the question and follow rob . 
 he does n't leave the room but saunters over to a white cabinet in the corner . 
 how many people have they killed with that lotion bottle ? 
 i shiver , wondering what it might be like to watch someone suffocate in front of me and not be able to do anything about . 
 rob had started talking again and i tuned back in . 
 `` ... only lasted us two weeks . 
 we do have the finished product and i 'm sure you 'll get it soon if you had n't gotten it already . '' 
 oops . 
 i was n't listening . 
 looking down at his hands , i see he 's holding what appears to be a pair of glasses . 
 `` why would i need glasses ? '' 
 rob blinks at me and does n't speak for a moment . 
 `` these ... are n't glasses . '' 
 confusion spreads across his face . 
 `` were n't you listening ? '' 
 nope . 
 `` uh ... '' i trail off and wait for rob to continue speaking . 
 he sighs and puts the glasses back inside the cabin . 
 i hope i 'm not annoying him . 
 what he says next makes me grimace . 
 `` next up is the hair . '' 
 ugh . 
 i do n't really want to see it . 
 what i 'm imagining is a bucket full of head hair floating in water . 
 i really hope that 's not what it will be . 
 he leads me to the other side of the room and a job pops into my head . 
 is there one that requires walking ? 
 i do n't want to sit in a chair all day long . 
 flasks are laid around the table we stop at . 
 they all seem to be half full and i 'm glad i do n't see what had pictured . 
 this is nicer than a bucket of hair . 
 `` what are these ? '' 
 i ask . 
 rob picks one of the flasks off the table and stirs the liquid around . 
 `` helps with baldness . 
 it 's a work in progress . 
 we started making this last year . '' 
 i grimace . 
 `` you have to drink that ? '' 
 he nods , moving on to something else . 
 `` that 's why i had to cut your hair . 
 we drop it into a mixture to make that . '' 
 i am disgusted by the thought of drinking other people 's hair . 
 rob shows me a few more of their inventions . 
 some i 'm sickened by . 
 some are fascinating . 
 then he mentions jobs and i 'm forced to ask , `` is there a walking job available ? '' 
 `` a few , '' he answers , pushing a box back into it 's place . 
 `` what are you looking for exactly ? 
 shipment ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 rob starts leading me out the door and i suspect this is the end of the tour . 
 `` vivian ? '' 
 his voice is soft . 
 i push the door open and step out into the hallway . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` do you want to see what 's outside ? '' 
 i 'm stunned for a moment . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 i have n't given much thought about that so i do n't have an exact answer . 
 will it be dangerous ? 
 `` you have access ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you do . '' 
 he lets the door shut behind us and we 're out in the hallway . 
 what he does next catches me by surprise . 
 he grabs my right hand . 
 a few people glance at us and i flush with embarrassment . 
 this is awkward . 
 about to pull my hand back , i 'm startled when he taps the part with the tattoo . 
 `` specifically , this does . 
 or ... your handprint . '' 
 he points to my palm . 
 i take my hand back and cross my arms , hoping he wo n't grab it again . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he laughs and steers me away from the door we 've just come through . 
 not answering my question , he says , `` i 'm curious to what 's out there . 
 if - '' i cut him off . 
 `` you have n't tried asking anybody else with access ? '' 
 `` they 're all being monitored . 
 besides , i doubt they 're craving adventure . 
 they 're all boring . '' 
 i 'm about to tell him rian is n't boring , but i remember what he just said to me . 
 `` i 'm not being monitored ? '' 
 i scowl , not believing this . 
 `` what makes you so sure ? '' 
 his eyes brighten . 
 `` i 've seen the footage . 
 you do n't have a tracker on you . '' 
 i move a few feet away from him . 
 `` so you 're just going to use me to bust yourself out of here ? 
 how do you know you wo n't die from sudden contact with whatever gases are out there ? 
 mr. welds told me there are high levels of radiation - '' rob holds his hand up . 
 `` i wo n't breathe it in . 
 i 've heard rumors that there is a glass hallway stretching out from the ground for several yards . 
 it should be long enough for me to see what 's out there . 
 so what do you say ? '' 
 i shake my head , not exactly in the same place rob is . 
 i 'm still stuck on what my hand has access to and his theory of me not being monitored . 
 welds -lrb- not mr. jack welds -rrb- said i 'm being watched . 
 i remember him saying this my first day here . 
 rob could be wrong . 
 `` and what happens if we get caught ? '' 
 i ask . 
 rob just snorts . 
 `` dara will '' - he clears his throat - `` excuse me . 
 janelle will take the blame . '' 
 dara ? 
 that 's janelle 's first name ? 
 i wonder if rian knows . 
 it 'll be an interesting thing to tell him . 
 i make a note of that . 
 `` janelle will take the blame ? 
 what exactly do you mean by that ? '' 
 he pulls me along the hallway and explains , `` janelle has a few things arranged . 
 she 'll lead us to the staircase extending outside , we 'll scan your handprint , and voilà ... we 're outta there . 
 are you up for it ? '' 
 he stares into my eyes for a second , waiting for my answer . 
 `` uh ... '' i look around the room , unsure . 
 maybe there will be an answer somewhere around here . 
 maybe someone can answer for me . 
 `` i 'm not monitored , huh ? '' 
 rob lifts a shoulder . 
 `` they have n't injected one in you that 's for sure . 
 i would n't put my hopes up though . 
 the tracker might be waiting for you right now . '' 
 i 'm reluctant to go . 
 does rob have a tracker ? 
 i ask him that and he answers with , `` no , they have n't given me one . '' 
 shoving my hands into the pockets of my sweatshirt , i skid on the tile again with my socks . 
 breaking their rules is n't something i would like doing . 
 i do n't want to set a bad example while i 'm here . 
 i turn around , planning to head in the opposite direction rob is leading me . 
 `` you know what , '' i begin . 
 `` i 'm not - '' his hand grasps my arm and he jerks me to a stop . 
 his eyes are desperate . 
 `` please , vivian . 
 i have to see what 's outside . 
 they have n't exactly led me out . 
 sure janelle 's plan is n't perfect but i 'm positive we wo n't get caught . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 of course i understand ! 
 i just do n't want to believe it . 
 rian pops into my head . 
 i could tell him about this . 
 if rob had asked him the same thing he 's asking me , i 'm sure he 'd remember it , right ? 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` fine , i 'll go with you . 
 but just to that staircase . 
 i 'm not opening any door for you . 
 got it ? '' 
 a grin spreads across his face but he does n't show any signs of agreeing with my deal . 
 i 'm about to reconsider what i complied to . 
 rob greets the people we pass and i assume he 's trying to lower any suspicion they might have . 
 i do believe he 's making the situation worse . 
 people might actually start to realize something must be going on . 
 the next time rob 's hand shoots up to wave at someone , i slap it down in vexation . 
 `` stop . '' 
 i know i did the same thing my first day here but i ca n't help but get bothered by rob . 
 he 's trying to use me to escape for pete 's sake ! 
 by the time we get down to the steps , my anger has ceased and i get a little curious to what 's out there . 
 it would n't hurt would it ? 
 these are the first stairs i 've seen here . 
 are these the only ones ? 
 rob starts ascending them and i hesitate . 
 i know there 's no way he would let me go right now . 
 unless i run ... he turns his head slightly toward my direction . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 i follow him . 
 the stairs go up for a while . 
 i do n't exactly know how many hours it 'll take us to travel to the top . 
 rian had said we 're underground . 
 but how far from the earth 's surface ? 
 we 're still heading up and i 'm already getting sore . 
 rob looks fine . 
 he does n't seem to be stressing out as much as i am . 
 `` hey , vivian ? '' 
 he calls as he skips a few steps and increases the distance between us . 
 `` have you ever thought of heading to the gym ? '' 
 i scoff and keep climbing . 
 so he noticed i 'm struggling . 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 i breath out . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` an elevator was supposed to be here . 
 they created stairs instead so it does n't have to constantly run on electricity . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 elevator ! 
 pfft ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 i really wish the elevator was here . 
 we 've been traveling for fifteen minutes -lrb- according to rob 's watch -rrb- when we reach the end of the steps . 
 there is a narrow hallway in front of us . 
 it 's made of gray brick . 
 rob tells me if i would 've traveled faster , we would have arrived five minutes earlier . 
 squinting toward the end of the brick hallway , i see a metal door . 
 it does n't look too big . 
 my heart rate picks up and rob shakes his hands out . 
 `` exciting is n't it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i guess it is . 
 what is out there ? 
 i imagine an endless field of grass . 
 but instead of green , it 's dry and dead . 
 that would make sense . 
 honestly , i do n't know what is going on outside and i hope it is n't in in ruins . 
 we slowly approach the door . 
 i 'm fidgeting with my fingers with every step . 
 i 'm almost outside ... but it 's not too late to turn back . 
 rob reaches the metal door first and turns to me , beckoning me closer . 
 `` this wo n't hurt . '' 
 he grabs my hand again and i want to pull back . 
 i change my mind ! 
 i do n't want to find out what 's outside ! 
 too late . 
 he presses my tattooed hand onto the surface of the door , just like i do to access my bedroom door . 
 why me ? 
 why these certain types of people ? 
 what 's so special about a tattoo ? 
 i feel a faint vibration underneath my hand and i know it 's being scanned . 
 i 'm not ready to see what 's out in the world . 
 rob 's grip is tight so i ca n't just jerk my hand away . 
 `` rob , '' i mutter quickly . 
 `` rob , i change my mind , i do n't want to - '' beep . 
 the door slides open . 
 i ca n't help recoiling . 
 a startled squeak escapes my mouth and i stare , dumbfounded , at what 's in front of my eyes . 
 rob is right . 
 there is a glass hallway leading outside . 
 it appears to stretch out for a few yards across the dirt . 
 there is no grass . 
 i strut through the open metal door and gasp . 
 i feel exposed . 
 i feel as if i 'm actually outside and no clear wall exists between me and nature . 
 but it does . 
 and it 's major disappointment . 
 nature changed . 
 it 's gray and depressing . 
 thick dust completely covers the air . 
 if not for the glass surrounding me , i would have choked on it . 
 but that 's it . 
 i ca n't see past the dust . 
 i guess there is no such thing as an open field . 
 a smirk brings me back to reality . 
 i know it 's rob 's . 
 he stands there . 
 for a second , my gut twists . 
 `` you were never part of the successful program . '' 
 `` wha - ? '' 
 `` you 're a failure , vivian . 
 and you have always been one . 
 we 're dumping you out . 
 starve . '' 
 there is a beep and to my horror , the door starts sliding closed . 
 and i 'm running , running for the door . 
 but i 'm too late . 
 it slams shut and i smack into it , making a loud thud . 
 i 'm locked out . 
 and rob just called me some kind of failed experiment . 
 chapter 8 vivian `` no ! '' 
 my fist meets metal and i yell out a few profanities that come to mind . 
 no one comes . 
 no one knows i 'm here . 
 this is all fake . 
 a set up . 
 he acted friendly toward me just so i could earn his trust . 
 my handprint is nothing special . 
 rob faked it . 
 i do n't have access to anything . 
 you 're a failure , vivian , he had said . 
 he expects me to starve . 
 `` no , no , no no , no , '' i say desperately . 
 `` do n't leave me ! '' 
 i pound on the metal door a few more times . 
 he ca n't be serious ! 
 i ca n't stay here ! 
 i stop mid-pound and snap my head up to the ceiling . 
 this hallway is connected to a tiny building that sticks out of earth . 
 i 'm guessing the facility is attached to that tiny building , wounding it 's way deep into the ground . 
 the hallway i 'm in is completely made of glass and i find myself wondering how the deadly gases and radiation did n't seep through bottom of the glass walls . 
 there has to be some kind of hole , right ? 
 i 'm looking for a sign of a camera . 
 there has to be one . 
 they need to know what goes on outside . 
 the tiny building does n't have any . 
 and i do n't know how cameras look these days so i have no idea what i 'm supposed to be looking for . 
 how long do i have before i suffocate from carbon dioxide ? 
 i sure ca n't step out of this hallway . 
 there is no door except the one i had come from with rob . 
 rob . 
 are you kidding me ? 
 when i get out of here , i 'll be sure to do something about him . 
 then my mind drifts to two more people . 
 rian and piers . 
 were any of them in on this ? 
 honestly , i do n't know about piers , but rian ... . 
 rian lived here for two years . 
 he 'd been frozen and thawed as well . 
 maybe they locked him out here just like me . 
 this could all be a test . 
 for all i know , i could be welcomed back into this building in a few hours . 
 i sigh . 
 rian could 've been part of whatever they 've done to me . 
 welds did call him a `` fortunate effort . '' 
 those words still stick in my head because they 're that annoying . 
 i make a face when i think of welds . 
 how stupid am i ? 
 they 'd probably had this planned out the day i came alive . 
 defeated , i slump down to the ground , pulling out dry grass from the earth with my fingers . 
 at least i get to touch real grass before i die . 
 but they could 've at least made a floor . 
 the grass is prickly . 
 i lay down and stare up at the sky-or should i say dust covering the sky ? 
 why is this dust here ? 
 it 's like the dust bowl 's here again . 
 i smirk at myself . 
 here i am utterly clueless about my past life and for some reason , i can remember what the dust bowl is ? 
 my gaze shifts to the door . 
 they 'll let me back in , i think . 
 this is all just a test . 
 chapter 9 vivian i struggle to open my eyes and notice they 're wet . 
 i 've been crying in my sleep . 
 how did i manage to doze off ? 
 sitting up , i run a finger over my wet eyes and notice where i am . 
 still surrounded by glass . 
 and the dust is still here . 
 what 's weird - i notice -- is it does n't look like it 's blowing anywhere . 
 it 's motionless , just like fog except so much darker . 
 i stride over to the door rob had closed up to keep me in and press my hand against the metal , hoping it 'll open on contact with my handprint . 
 i do n't feel any vibration . 
 rob must have programed it to reject my handprint , if that 's even possible . 
 great . 
 i 'm stuck here for who-knows how long and rob expects me to starve . 
 i guess he left me to die , then . 
 i kick the glass wall with my foot , hoping it 'll give in and let me cross into the outside world . 
 after several tries , i realize my kick is too weak . 
 i 'm still hoping someone will notice i 'm missing . 
 someone who 's not in on rob 's scheme . 
 possibly piers . 
 he 's not going to hurt his own sister , right ? 
 sitting back down , i check the bottoms of my white socks . 
 they 've gotten dirty from me standing in the dirt . 
 but i do n't care . 
 as soon as i get out , i 'll be sure to smear their floor and carpet with grime . 
 an instantaneous blast pierces my ears and a wave of fear hits me . 
 it 's the same buzz that sounded a couple days ago . 
 if this means danger , i 'm in trouble . 
 i back away into the metal door and crouch low , hoping whatever comes next wo n't be too terrible . 
 mr. welds had said the buzz signals the level of radiation rising . 
 nothing to be worried about . 
 it 's silent again and i wait for another deafening buzz . 
 instead of getting one , the ground under my feet starts trembling . 
 it 's too faint to do much damage so i presume that 's the reason i could n't feel it shake underground . 
 is this what the buzz warns us about ? 
 small earthquakes ? 
 the shaking stops as suddenly as it had come and i find myself relaxing with relief . 
 i 'm still alive . 
 it was n't that bad - crack ! 
 i 'm yanked away from my thoughts and my gaze snaps to the source of the sound . 
 the glass ! 
 it 's shattering ! 
 a hard pounding starts in my ears and everything else sounds muffled . 
 the glass walls are the only thing keeping me from making contact with the outside air . 
 if it shatters , there 's a chance i wo n't survive . 
 has this happened before ? 
 i wonder . 
 it does n't seem like it . 
 the glass was completely flawless when i arrived . 
 the shattering could n't have possibly happened before . 
 what a coincidence . 
 it starts breaking when i 'm here . 
 crack ! 
 crack ! 
 crack ! 
 the cracks extend and widen , making their way around the walls toward me . 
 i curl into a ball , keeping my head between my knees and my back against the metal door . 
 brace yourself . 
 hold your breath , i tell myself . 
 the explosion can happen at any moment . 
 glass could fly at me . 
 i 'll be cut and impaled . 
 i shut my eyes and count . 
 one ... two ... three ... four ... five ... the snapping of glass stops and ... nothing happens . 
 it 's quiet . 
 completely quiet . 
 i ca n't pick up any noise no matter how hard i listen . 
 taking a risk , i lift my head and take in the view around me . 
 `` wha - ? '' 
 i mutter , baffled . 
 this is n't possible . 
 my legs wobble as i pull myself up to my feet . 
 not breaking eye contact with the glass , i run a finger over the surface . 
 how did this happen ? 
 there are no more fractures . 
 no more gaps . 
 the glass has completely healed itself . 
 i 'm surrounded by unblemished glass once again . 
 but how ? 
 glass ca n't heal itself ! 
 that 's illogical . 
 while i 'm trying to decipher the reason behind all that 's happened so far , i disregard the beep that comes from the door . 
 only when i hear a throat clear do i realize the metal door has opened . 
 whipping around , i come face to face with janelle . 
 i point to the glass . 
 `` uh-i-uh ... the glass ... what 's - ? '' 
 janelle cuts me off with a shake of her head . 
 rob stands behind her looking guilty and disgruntled at the same time . 
 i shoot him a look . 
 janelle snatches my arm in a death grip and drags me through the door . 
 her heels start clicking on the rocky floor as we enter the building again . 
 relief floods over me . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 janelle 's getting me out . 
 janelle shoves rob out of the way and continues tugging me through the brick hallway . 
 i notice for the first time it inclines downward , leading back down underground . 
 `` w-what is - '' i begin . 
 janelle holds a hand up and shushes me . 
 i go silent until rob kicks me in the calf , causing me to stumble a few steps . 
 when i turn my head around , rob is trailing behind us with a vile look on his face . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 i spit at him , rewarding myself with a hard slap on my arm by janelle . 
 `` hey - ! '' 
 janelle stops in front of a wall and presses her palm against it . 
 we wait for a few moments until , to my surprise , the wall slides open and reveals a tiny white room looking a lot like an elevator . 
 janelle yanks me inside after she steps into it . 
 rob follows . 
 the elevator lurches downward and i 'm bewildered . 
 there is an elevator ! 
 i 'd berate rob but his attention is elsewhere . 
 i know he 's avoid eye contact . 
 he 's slouched against the elevator walls with his arms crossed . 
 he lied to me . 
 but seriously , what 's his problem ? 
 and what 's going on ? 
 i try again . 
 `` dr. janelle , could you please tell me - '' `` stop , '' janelle orders . 
 she turns to look me in the eye and says firmly . 
 `` shut up for a second . '' 
 she continues to stare at me with narrowed eyes until i nod . 
 there 's a soft ding and the elevator doors swing open . 
 janelle marches me out and i 'm in the vast white hallway once again . 
 underground . 
 people turn to look at us as we pass . 
 i focus on the sound of janelle 's heels clicking on the floor as she speed walks . 
 i 'm forced to jog to keep up with her . 
 rob does n't seem to be struggling . 
 janelle lets my arm go and trusts me to follow her as we near a door . 
 it looks familiar . 
 in fact , i think we 're heading to the room with janelle 's desk . 
 and beyond it is that interrogation room i was in my first day here . 
 i believe we 're going in there . 
 here comes another interrogation yet again . 
 my suspicions are correct . 
 when we enter that small interrogation room , a wave of annoyance hits me . 
 irritating memories fill my mind and i find myself grimacing . 
 rob notices and smirks , muttering something under his breath . 
 i ignore him . 
 janelle thrusts me into a chair and does the same thing to rob . 
 there are three chairs now . 
 last time i was here , there were only two . 
 i guess someone 's expecting us to come here . 
 janelle takes a seat in the third chair and reaches up to tie her black ponytail into a bun , telling us , `` we 'll have company soon . '' 
 she directs the next thing to rob , which catches me by surprise . 
 `` honey , i 'm disappointed in you , '' her voice is almost gentle . 
 almost . 
 did she just call him honey ? 
 rob looks down at the table and janelle leans toward him a little , folding her hands out in front of her . 
 `` you said you overcame it . '' 
 i do n't even bother wondering what janelle means by that . 
 answers wo n't be given to me . 
 rob had said she would have taken the blame if we were caught going outside . 
 by how janelle 's acting , i do n't think she 's part of what rob did to me . 
 for a second time , i wonder , what is going on ? 
 rob 's eyes meet janelle 's for a split second . 
 he looks like a student being scolded by a principal . 
 janelle leans backward in her chair and exclaims , `` you 're an adult for pete 's sake ! 
 act like it . 
 do n't lose your temper just because ... '' she pauses and seems to think better of it . 
 `` of what happened . '' 
 rob 's jaw twitches . 
 he places his hands on the surface of the table and whispers , `` she deserved it . '' 
 i 'm out of my chair before i know it . 
 it topples over but dismiss it . 
 `` what exactly did i do to deserve being locked out ? '' 
 rob stares up at me , his face showing no signs of fear . 
 i 'm not trying to intimidate him . 
 i raise my voice . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 he does n't answer . 
 i decide to leave it at that . 
 just as i 'm about to right my chair , he lunges at me . 
 i recoil . 
 unfortunately for him , the table is in his way so all he gets is a corner of the table ramming into his stomach . 
 my feet lead me a few steps away from him . 
 i 'm afraid to get hit . 
 how would it feel like ? 
 he tries grabbing at me and janelle 's already on her feet . 
 `` robin ! 
 robin ! 
 what is going on with you ? '' 
 for the first time , fear registers on her face . 
 he 's running at me now . 
 a few getaway options run through my head . 
 the door . 
 no ! 
 it 'll take too long to open . 
 i sprint around the table , barely dodging rob 's clawing hands . 
 the determined look on his face is frightening and my heartbeat speeds up . 
 janelle 's having a hard time trying to catch him . 
 the heels are n't helping her . 
 my socks are n't helping me either . 
 i 'd run better with bare feet . 
 rob and i circle the table for a few seconds . 
 i have no idea how he has n't caught up to me yet . 
 `` robin ! '' 
 janelle voice is desperate . 
 `` stop it ! 
 both of you ! '' 
 she has moved to a corner of the room , not wanting to get hit . 
 `` you do realize - '' my voice is trembling now . 
 rob 's trying to attack me ! 
 - `` i ca n't do that ? '' 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 janelle squeaks out . 
 rob does n't seem to be giving janelle 's voice a second thought . 
 to my horror , rob jumps on top of the table and leaps at me . 
 i dodge him but he still manages to elbow me in the shoulder . 
 hard . 
 a jolt of pain runs through my arm and i skid to my knees , gritting my teeth . 
 rob kicks me in the side and a pained cough escapes me . 
 `` s-stop it . 
 p-please ... '' tears are on the verge of flowing out . 
 i clutch my side and curl into a ball , trying to protect myself as much as possible . 
 rob gets a few more kicks in before i hear a door bashing open . 
 the kicks stop . 
 a commanding voice yells something and there 's a sound sounding so much like a collision with the table . 
 my head throbs and my legs turn feeble as i pick myself up . 
 an unfamiliar figure shoves rob against the table and the table legs scrape against the ground as it 's forced to move back from the impact . 
 words finally flow together and i understand what the voices in the room are saying although my vision is a little fuzzy . 
 `` pull yourself together ! '' 
 the unfamiliar person says . 
 his voice is low . 
 i recognize his voice . 
 it 's a man , i know that for sure . 
 i squint my eyes and that helps my vision . 
 rob has calmed down . 
 he 's sprawled out on the table looking up at a fuming ... wait a second ... `` piers ? '' 
 my voice cracks . 
 rob is piers ' friend is n't he ? 
 how must that feel ? 
 your friend attacking your sibling ? 
 piers turns around and makes his way over to me . 
 i hold a hand to my head and a sudden memory crosses my mind . 
 i want to laugh . 
 the memory is of the girl who had clutched her head when i first saw piers . 
 and i 'm doing the same thing right now . 
 piers puts both of his hands on my shoulders and says softly , `` are you alright ? '' 
 i nod , looking over piers ' shoulder . 
 rob has pushed himself off the table . 
 he might have attacked me again if not for janelle by his side . 
 she seems to be murmuring something to him and her hand is grasping his wrist . 
 my eyes focus on piers . 
 he watches me for a moment before steering me toward the door . 
 `` let 's go , '' is all he says . 
 i get a quick glance at rob as piers opens the door , his hands still on my shoulders . 
 rob yanks his wrist from janelle 's grip and attempts to take a step toward me . 
 janelle 's arm immediately wraps around his neck and she holds him back . 
 rob growls . 
 `` she murdered my father ! '' 
 he spits , pointing furiously at me . 
 i freeze for a split second . 
 piers hands tighten around my shoulders , restraining me from going back to rob . 
 `` w-what-what gave you that notion ? '' 
 i snarl back . 
 rob attempts to punch the air but janelle 's wraps her hand around his wrist again so he stops . 
 i step out of the room and piers follows . 
 before piers closes it behind him , i catch a last look of janelle pushing rob 's chest angrily . 
 i never killed his father ! 
 heck , i do n't even know who he is ! 
 piers hisses sharply and i know something is up . 
 bracing myself for whatever is coming next , i spin around , only to come face to face with jack welds . 
 he 's looking down at me and piers with his hands behind his back . 
 i 'm not able to identify the look on his face . 
 chapter 10 vivian `` ms. clancy , '' mr. welds says . 
 `` i am terribly sorry for what happened with you . 
 if it had n't been for your tracker , we 'd be wondering where you could have possibly gone . '' 
 i scratch the back of my head . 
 `` tracker ? 
 rob said that ... '' haha ! 
 what a liar ! 
 i do have a tracker on me ! 
 mr. welds raises an eyebrow , possibly curious to why i stopped talking so suddenly . 
 `` rob said what ? '' 
 i wave a hand . 
 `` it 's not important . '' 
 mr. welds gestures around him for no apparent reason . 
 `` you might have a few questions for me ? '' 
 i scowl . 
 not for mr. welds . 
 `` for rob . '' 
 `` robin is occupied for the moment . 
 come . '' 
 he points to piers , who has turned rigid next to me . 
 `` you can continue your work . 
 i appreciate you interrupting the fight . '' 
 `` sir . '' 
 piers gives him a nod before moving on . 
 but not before casting me a worried glance . 
 the fight . 
 mr. welds knows about it . 
 i guess there are surveillance cameras everywhere . 
 i 'm sitting at the same table i sat at during the dinner with fox , addison , rian , jimmy , laurey , and mr. welds . 
 except now it 's just me and mr. welds in the room . 
 he sits across from me and i 'm wondering why he chose to meet here . 
 in the middle of the table , there appears to be some sort of glass kettle with a red liquid inside . 
 a couple of wine glasses sit next to it . 
 mr. welds sees me eyeing the objects so he offers , `` would you like some ? '' 
 `` i-i do n't know what it is . '' 
 i fold my hands on my lap and sit there stiffly . 
 i hope mr. welds explains a few things . 
 mr. welds grabs a glass and pours the liquid into it . 
 `` have you heard of wine ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` this has a few similarities . 
 we 've enhanced it with a few ingredients . '' 
 he takes sip and asks again . 
 `` would you care to have some ? '' 
 i shake my head and decline . 
 `` no thank you . 
 i do n't drink . '' 
 mr. welds chuckles and sets his glass down . 
 `` neither do i , '' he says jokingly . 
 at least i think he 's joking . 
 `` i 'm sure you have questions . 
 while i have the time to answer them , you should ask . '' 
 i look down at my tattooed hand . 
 at least i know which question to avoid . 
 `` what is this place ? 
 rob said you study cryonics . '' 
 mr. welds clears his throat and takes another quick sip from the wine . 
 `` rob would be correct . 
 this facility was still a work in progress several years ago . 
 we started sending the dead and alive down here . 
 they were offering money to get frozen . 
 whatever disease they had was something they did n't want to live with . 
 we 've found many cures for certain diseases . 
 unfortunately , not all of them . 
 they 've sent loved ones with them as well . 
 the youngest one we have is a five year old . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows in surprise . 
 `` we document the ones who have been thawed . '' 
 `` have you thawed all of the people ? '' 
 i ask . 
 then reluctantly add , `` did all of the people make it ? '' 
 `` uh ... no . 
 we have many more left . 
 if we do all of them at once , i 'm afraid we wo n't have any more living space available . 
 if you have n't noticed , this building is already crowded . '' 
 mr. welds does n't sound comfortable talking about this . 
 `` we 're ... debating whether we should ... . 
 keep the rest or ... dispose of them . '' 
 `` you want to kill the frozen people ? '' 
 i 'm sure a look of disbelief is plastered all over my face . 
 `` ca n't you build more rooms ? '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head hesitantly . 
 `` we do n't want to kill them but we have no choice . 
 i do n't think you 'd be comfortable living in a room packed with sweaty , breathing-down-your-neck people . '' 
 i guess not . 
 `` that 's horrible . 
 could n't they have planned it out before they made this ? 
 you know , like putting a limit on how many people this building can hold ? '' 
 there 's a trace of anger in mr. welds voice and i hope i did n't upset him too much . 
 `` we did do something like that . '' 
 deciding to veer away from the subject , i ask a random question , `` are janelle and rob ... dating ? '' 
 the last word comes out only as a squeak . 
 i do n't know how mr. welds will react to this question . 
 janelle did call rob honey and they appear to be the same age ... so why not , right ? 
 he seems to be back in his usual cheerful state . 
 he lets out soft laugh . 
 `` ms. vivian , since when did you get interested in relationships ? '' 
 what is that supposed to mean ? 
 `` i 'm ... not . 
 i 'm just-i 'm just wondering . '' 
 slowly , mr. welds head goes up and down . 
 `` most likely . 
 can we chat about other topics ? 
 this one does n't appeal to me . '' 
 that 's odd . 
 rob and janelle ? 
 well ... i can see that , i guess . 
 rob 's evil and rian hates janelle , which means she 's evil too . 
 i choose not to comment and instead , jump right to another question . 
 `` i was murdered right ? 
 disease did n't kill me . '' 
 janelle said so . 
 `` there is a chance . '' 
 i take the risk of asking , `` could i possibly find out more about my past ? 
 is there a way ? '' 
 mr. welds picks up the wine glass again and holds it up to his lips for the longest time . 
 finally , he takes a sip and answers . 
 `` there is a way . '' 
 i nod , gesturing him to go on . 
 he stays silent again and i sigh with impatience . 
 `` have you ever heard of the phrase let go of the past and start over ? 
 not exactly word for word , '' he begins . 
 i do n't answer him right away so he adds , `` hmm ? 
 ms. clancy ? 
 have you heard of it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say very slowly . 
 `` i have . 
 but i 'm not willing to let my past go , mr. welds . 
 i need to find out what i was ... many years ago . '' 
 `` and you do n't remember ? '' 
 he does n't look surprised . 
 in fact , i believe they made me forget on purpose . 
 `` the only thing i remember is my brother . 
 what happened to my parents ? '' 
 mr. welds folds his hands together . 
 `` they died of natural causes . '' 
 he knows what happened . 
 i 'm wondering if he remembers other people 's past . 
 is that even possible ? 
 `` how do you know this ? 
 do n't you have other things to be worried about other than reading everyone 's files ? '' 
 i try my best to sound polite . 
 `` i do . 
 let me be truthful with you , '' mr. welds voice is hesitant . 
 `` i only remember the relevant histories . '' 
 silence afterward . 
 do you remember mine ? 
 i want to ask . 
 if he does , then i 'm important in some way . 
 i 'm flattered . 
 not . 
 the only sound in the room is the clinking of the glass as mr. welds pours more wine in the cup . 
 `` do you have anymore questions ? '' 
 he takes another sip and i just want to smack the glass out of his hand . 
 i clench my fists under the table instead . 
 can someone get drunk on what he 's drinking ? 
 `` yes . 
 yes i do , '' i say quickly . 
 `` rob said i murdered his father . 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 `` ah ... of course . 
 do n't let that worry you , ms. clancy . '' 
 ugh . 
 again with the do n't worry about that . 
 `` rob can get ... a little deranged sometimes . '' 
 another question pops into my head . 
 `` what about the glass hallway aboveground ? 
 what 's it for ? '' 
 `` it 's a way for us to check up on earth every once in a while . 
 by the way , you would n't have happened to experience anything strange while you were there , would you ? '' 
 the self-mending glass . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i did . '' 
 i fill mr. welds in on what happened while i was out there . 
 he listens while nodding once in a while . 
 once i 'm finished , he starts talking immediately . 
 `` our new invention . 
 we had bulletproof glass . 
 so we thought , why not make self-healing glass ? '' 
 `` why was it breaking ? '' 
 `` something in the air causes it to . '' 
 `` and you do n't know what ? '' 
 `` could be the temperature . 
 it 's extremely cold out there . '' 
 i 'm positive i did n't feel the cold during the time i had been aboveground . 
 i tell mr. welds this and he does n't bother thinking it over . 
 `` could be the glass trapping the cold out , '' he says . 
 `` it ca n't keep all of it out . 
 i would have felt it when i put my hand on it . '' 
 pointing to the exit door , i suggest , `` we could go right now and check ! '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head . 
 `` not a brilliant plan . 
 i 'd rather not take the risk of heading out there and have the glass collapse on me . '' 
 `` it 'll heal . 
 you said it 's done that multiple times and it did the same thing for me ! '' 
 rob pops into my brain . 
 `` we could send rob instead . '' 
 mr. welds actually rolls his eyes . 
 `` ms. clancy , i disapprove . 
 besides , rob is being disciplined for his actions . '' 
 i freeze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i imagine him getting hit over and over and my stomach twists . 
 even though he did the same thing to me , i do n't want him to get hurt . 
 i do n't want anyone to get hurt . 
 `` no , no , no ! 
 you do n't have to do that . 
 i 'm fine ! '' 
 i show him my arms and hands for emphasis even though it was my side that had been injured . 
 my face scrunches up as i try remember something . 
 `` he called me a failure . 
 what would that mean exactly ? '' 
 a wide grin spreads across mr. welds ' face and without warning , he bursts out laughing . 
 i stare at him and he manages to say words in between laughs . 
 `` ha-ha ! 
 ms. vivian clancy...ha-ha ! 
 really ! 
 i can assure you that you are not even close to being any kind of mistake . 
 ha ! 
 failure ? 
 really ? '' 
 he takes a sip of the wine and continues laughing as i sit there , averting my eyes . 
 we talk for a few more minutes until mr. welds decides to end the conversation . 
 he tells me not to worry about rob but i 'm not so sure about that . 
 as i leave and as the door slides closed behind me , i start wondering how on earth i 'll get back to my room . 
 it 's easy . 
 just walk down the hallway until you see that colorful corridor , i try to reassure myself . 
 yes , i can do that . 
 there are people heading down the hallway that i could follow . 
 what time of day is it ? 
 a rumble in my stomach reminds me i need to eat . 
 i must have missed breakfast . 
 how long have i been sleeping ? 
 shrugging to myself , i start walking . 
 i 'll find my way back . 
 many people seem to be going the complete opposite way i 'm going . 
 i pay no attention to them , convincing myself that the way i 'm going is correct . 
 besides , if they had been called down to a meeting , i want to have no part in it . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 `` excuse me . 
 ` scuse me . 
 pardon . '' 
 i make my voice loud enough to be heard through the noise . 
 people step to the side to let me through but some leave barely any room for me to squeeze past them . 
 a few point at me but i ignore them . 
 i reach the bedroom corridor , proud of myself for not needing an escort . 
 it takes me a while to find my room . 
 but when i do , i ask myself if it 's a good idea to call rian . 
 he might not be in his room . 
 there have to be other ways to communicate with him . 
 i just do n't know how . 
 with nothing else to do , i plop down onto the old wheelchair with my arms hanging over the sides . 
 no one has removed it from my room yet . 
 it brings back memories and i sigh . 
 this . 
 life . 
 is . 
 so . 
 boring . 
 desperate as i am to find excitement , i call rian 's room using that odd silver cube . 
 he does n't pick up . 
 i 'm not expecting him to . 
 i try a few more times before slamming it down onto the nightstand in frustration and falling down onto the floor . 
 i get a sudden urge to pull my hair out . 
 there is absolutely nothing to do here and i feel like i have no purpose in life . 
 what do people do all day ? 
 i could surprise rian by visiting him at work . 
 or sneak up behind piers and scare him . 
 all those things are impossible . 
 i do n't know where they work . 
 i roll onto my back and breath in the carpet . 
 it does not smell like anything . 
 i grunt and mumble through the carpet . 
 `` so . 
 boring - '' a ring from the `` phone '' cuts me off and i 'm on my feet in a blink . 
 who 's calling ? 
 do n't know , do n't care . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 my voice gets really high and i cringe . 
 `` you called . '' 
 rian 's voice . 
 it sounds really low and irritated . 
 `` multiple times . '' 
 i 'm too happy to give the tone of his voice a second thought . 
 `` did i wake you up ? . '' 
 i ask . 
 i do n't know why i asked . 
 it 's not morning . 
 silence at the other end of the line . 
 then , `` no . 
 i 'm not even in my room . '' 
 so the number does n't just call his room . 
 i 'm finally curious about his mood . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 again , it takes several seconds for him to answer . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 his voice does n't sound sympathetic . 
 `` yes . '' 
 does he even know where i 'd just come from ? 
 `` look . 
 i called because i 'm bored . 
 i need something to do . '' 
 his voice remains flat . 
 `` go dispose of some bodies or something . '' 
 i make a face but he ca n't see it . 
 `` go to welds . 
 he 'll give you a task . '' 
 `` i do n't know where he is . '' 
 rian sighs and pauses like he 's debating over something . 
 then his voice changes from cold to understanding . 
 `` okay , okay , okay . 
 alright . 
 i know how you 're feeling right now . 
 i 've had the same thing happen to me the first week or two i 've first lived here . 
 it was depressing and i felt miserable . 
 i 'll be generous and invite you to come with me to watch someone wake up . 
 that 's way more pleasant than throwing dead bodies away , am i right ? '' 
 `` what do you mean by wake up ? '' 
 i imagine me and rian standing over a person and watching them opening their eyes . 
 i nearly snort as i picture them yawning . 
 maybe it 'll be the same thing as the day i had to get ready for that dinner with mr. welds and the group . 
 rian and addison had watched me wake up . 
 `` how boring is that ? '' 
 `` not like that ! '' 
 rian 's voice exclaims . 
 `` i meant rise from the dead . 
 just like you did , remember ? '' 
 i remember . 
 i remember that bed i had to lay on . 
 i remember my inability to move . 
 i remember the face with the syringe in his hand . 
 yes . 
 that day was very pleasant . 
 i smirk . 
 `` how often does that happen ? '' 
 `` not as often as before . 
 we do n't have much room left for the people that are still dead . 
 so ... what do you say ? '' 
 i laugh . 
 this should be interesting . 
 `` alright . '' 
 i meet rian at the beginning of that colorful bedroom corridor . 
 while i had been waiting , i felt awkward and stalker-ish as i watched people pass . 
 they cast me looks but i returned their greeting with a smile . 
 as i follow rian down the white hallway , he hands me a pair of glasses and all i can do is stare at them . 
 they look similar to the ones rob showed me . 
 `` i-i do n't need glasses . '' 
 i say stupidly . 
 rian just laughs and shoves them into my hand . 
 `` they 're not glasses . 
 i forgot to give them to you . 
 most of the people have them . '' 
 i turn the object over in my hand , keeping an eye on the path ahead of me . 
 i do n't want to slam into anyone . 
 `` try them out , '' rian says . 
 i hold the glasses up to my face and squint at them . 
 `` what do they do ? '' 
 `` just put them on , '' rian urges . 
 i look up at him . 
 `` tell me what they do first . 
 i do n't want to get electrified . 
 rob told me about them but i was n't listening . '' 
 `` rob ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 `` you talked to robin ? '' 
 i decide to be brave and slide the glasses in front of my eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 nothing happened . 
 they feel like regular old glasses . 
 i pull them off . 
 `` and he did n't attack you or anything ? '' 
 i let out a fake burst of laughter . 
 so rian has n't heard ? 
 he looks perplexed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nobody told you anything ? '' 
 i attempt to hand the glasses back to him but he does n't take them . 
 i shove them into his hand like he did to me but he does n't even hold on to them . 
 they fall to the floor and i bend to pick them up . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 rian tenses up and stops walking . 
 following , i aim the glasses at his hand again but he pulls back and shakes his head , repeating , `` vivian , what happened ? '' 
 i try dismissing it with a wave of my hand but rian is demanding . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` you 're bound to hear it from someone else . '' 
 i try giving him the glasses again but he rejects it another time . 
 `` take it . 
 i do n't know how to use these . '' 
 this time , rian takes them from me , but only to put them on my face . 
 `` they 're basically an electronic map of the whole facility . 
 it 'll help you get around . 
 these are still in development so we do n't have a finished product . '' 
 he clicks something on the side of the glasses and my left eye goes dark . 
 i nearly fall over from fright . 
 `` hey ! 
 i ca n't - '' my hand flies up to my left eye , attempting to rub it , but rian stops me by grabbing my wrist . 
 `` you 're fine . 
 calm down . '' 
 he lets go just as quickly and adds , `` you have to wait for it to light up . '' 
 i let him know i understand with a nod and say , `` do you have this too ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he pulls out yet another pair of glasses and slides them on . 
 i laugh at how idiotic we must look in the middle of the hallway , trying on a pair of glasses . 
 `` and you still carry them around ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i focus on what i see in my left eye . 
 the black screen has turned a light turquoise and many black lines appear , shaping into what appears to be a map . 
 it looks complex and seems impossible to follow . 
 `` uh ... '' i say . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 rian must have remembered we need to be heading somewhere because he starts pulling me after him . 
 `` it 's a map . 
 it 'll take you a while to learn it . 
 that 's why they assigned me to be your escort for a couple of days . 
 you 'd be completely lost . 
 anyway , i told you about the map , now you have to tell me what happened with rob . '' 
 i grunt , reluctant to tell him . 
 `` rob ... tricked me into going aboveground . '' 
 i pause and he urges me to continue by rolling his head a little . 
 i pull the glasses off and instantly get white spots dancing around my left eye . 
 it takes me a second to recover . 
 i continue . 
 `` have you ever seen that place with the glass hallway ? 
 the one that leads outside but never actually into the open air ? '' 
 to my surprise , rian replies , `` yes . 
 but i never stepped out of the building . 
 wait ... did you ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` rob locked me out . '' 
 i finish with an innocent smile and rian stares at me . 
 `` b-but you 're here . '' 
 he points at me and i smirk . 
 `` janelle got me out . '' 
 we stop in front of a door and rian says , `` this conversation is n't over yet . 
 i 'll talk to you later about this . 
 and before we enter , you have to know something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a few warnings . 
 first , do n't freak out . 
 we have a new member with -- '' he holds his right hand up , where i can see the black swirl of tattoos weaving around his fingers -- `` this . 
 second , the girl 's name is megan . 
 third , this is my second time watching someone wake up . '' 
 `` who was the first ? '' 
 i do n't really care . 
 it 's not like i would know that person . 
 rian scratches the back of his head . 
 `` not to be creepy or anything but ... it was you . '' 
 i do n't know how to react to this . 
 `` um , '' is all i say . 
 i remember two voices when i first opened my eyes . 
 could that have been rian ? 
 his voice was muffled , i think . 
 `` not creepy . 
 no ? '' 
 he opens the door , leaving me no time to reply . 
 `` you can watch . 
 i do n't think you 'll be asked to help . 
 i 'll just tell them you were bored so i brought you along . '' 
 i want to ask him if his other job is to watch people wake up , but i remember he told me this would be his second time doing this . 
 what exactly does he do ? 
 we step into the room and i immediately recognize it . 
 this is where i had been when i first woke up too . 
 a scientist in a white lab coat already stands by a solid metallic bed . 
 jeez , i did n't know that 's how it looked like . 
 it 's the same man that i first saw . 
 that dude with the bald head . 
 he turns around when we come in and i see he 's writing something down on a tablet , looking over at a girl laying on the table . 
 a few wires are connected to her arms and i ca n't help but wonder if that 's how i looked like . 
 she is motionless so i assume she 's still `` asleep . '' 
 i decide that 's what i want to call it . 
 she 's obviously not dead because rian said she 'll wake up soon . 
 her red hair is plastered on her face . 
 why wo n't anyone move it out of her eyes ? 
 the scientist with the tablet gives me a questioning glance . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 rian cuts in before i answer . 
 `` she 's here to watch . 
 she 's fascinated by science , '' he lies . 
 `` she says she wants to train to become a scientist too . '' 
 that 'll do . 
 i give the scientist man a fake smile and hope it 's believable . 
 but i question the word too . 
 `` too ? '' 
 i whisper to rian as the other man turns back to the motionless girl . 
 `` they 're training me but i 'm not too keen on the idea . 
 welds suggested it . '' 
 rian grimaces and points to the scientist . 
 `` anyway , got ta go . '' 
 i follow him but the scientist tells me to give the girl some room so i stay a few good feet away . 
 rian moves out of the way a little so i can see her face . 
 he reaches out and brushes the clumps of red strands away from her face . 
 finally . 
 now she 'll be able to see . 
 `` ready , callum ? '' 
 the scientist asks . 
 he pretends like i 'm not there . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 the scientist disconnects the wires from the girl 's arms and pulls a switch on a machine by the girl . 
 and just as instantly , her eyes flutter open . 
 let 's meet this megan . 
 chapter 11 vivian megan 's eyes are instantly filled with fear and i swear , if she could move , she would run . 
 the scientist puts his hand out and rian hands him an object looking similar to a syringe . 
 the needle is injected into her arm and the scientist examines it like he did with mine . 
 he moves away from the girl and walks over to a counter . 
 rian follows him . 
 i 'm not interested in what they do after . 
 they have their backs to me so i take that as a chance to get closer to the girl . 
 i move toward her . 
 slowly . 
 had i looked that frightened ? 
 her arms are limp by her sides and i can see she has that tattoo on her right hand . 
 just like rian told me . 
 once the girl spots me , her eyes start darting around , possibly looking for a way out . 
 it 's okay . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 i want comfort her but i do n't think either of them want me talking to her . 
 i give her a small wave before stepping away just as soon as the scientist and rian finish with what they were doing . 
 the scientist murmurs something as he walks back to her . 
 rian stays put , watching from a distance . 
 i make my way over to him . 
 `` she 's freaking out , '' rian whispers . 
 `` i saw that , '' i whisper back . 
 `` does n't everyone freak out ? 
 did n't i ? '' 
 he shakes his head and i watch as the scientist leans over megan , muttering words . 
 `` you did n't , '' rian answers . 
 `` i do n't know about the others . '' 
 we watch megan sit up . 
 the fear on her face has eased but has generated confusion . 
 how come she 's allowed to move ? 
 welds had to talk to me first . 
 rian chuckles quietly as the girl reaches out to pat her legs . 
 apparently she does n't feel anything in them yet . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask him silently . 
 megan and the scientist do n't seem to care that we 're here . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone 's reaction to this . 
 she looks so ... lost . '' 
 i snort softly . 
 `` and you were n't ? '' 
 rian holds his hands up in fake surrender . 
 `` i never said i was n't . '' 
 the scientist instructs rian to look after her as he leaves the room to run an errand . 
 when i had been in her place , i was left alone . 
 megan finally has her attention on me and rian . 
 her silence makes me question her speaking ability . 
 she has n't pulled her eyes away from us yet . 
 `` can you speak ? '' 
 i ask her and rian shoots me a look . 
 i shrug at him . 
 talking to her wo n't hurt . 
 she ponders over my question before nodding . 
 `` then say something . '' 
 i 'm reminded of the time when welds asked me the same thing . 
 she waits for a few seconds . 
 `` hi . '' 
 the word barely makes it out of her lips and i have to strain to hear what she said . 
 rian elbows me . 
 `` she talks . '' 
 i elbow him back mockingly . 
 `` she does talk . '' 
 i could n't talk my first time and she gets to ? 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 megan 's voice is still barely above a whisper . 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 i take a deep breath and am about to jump right in to explaining where she is when rian holds up a hand to stop me . 
 `` you 'll find out later , '' he tells her . 
 megan clears her throat and begins , louder this time , `` i want some answers . 
 now . 
 would n't you if you appeared in a place like this ? 
 where are my sisters ? '' 
 while she 's talking , the door opens and in comes ... welds . 
 he listens to the rest of her questions before giving her a slight smile and saying , `` ah . 
 i 'm delighted to know you 're able to speak . '' 
 his attention turns to me . 
 `` and may i ask why you 're here ? '' 
 i do n't get to answer the question because megan starts talking again . 
 `` who are you ? 
 what is going on ? 
 you 've got to tell me or i swear i 'll scream for help ! '' 
 welds does n't seem to care . 
 he just introduces himself casually . 
 `` i am russell welds . '' 
 megan slaps her leg a few times . 
 `` why ca n't i feel my legs ? 
 was i in some car accident ? 
 am i paralyzed ? 
 i do n't remember what happened . '' 
 `` megan , please calm down . '' 
 welds says , walking over to a table in the room . 
 there are a few items neatly placed on it and welds picks up an object that looks awfully familiar . 
 it 's the clipboard with the cloth-like device . 
 janelle returned it ? 
 or could it be a different one ? 
 welds jots a few notes down and turns back to megan . 
 `` we have already done most of the hard work while you were dead . 
 you have - '' `` dead ? '' 
 welds ignores her and keeps talking , `` - a few more things left to do before we set you free . 
 not literally of course . 
 you wo n't be able to leave this facility . '' 
 megan lets out a laugh which sounds more like a choked sob . 
 `` you 're telling me i 'm in some kind of insane asylum ? '' 
 she wipes at her face . 
 `` please let me go . '' 
 her voice cracks . 
 `` i want to go home . 
 i promise you , i 'm not crazy . '' 
 welds shakes his head but says , `` you 're welcome to leave if you want to perish . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she keeps wiping at her face , not wanting to be seen crying . 
 `` you 're underground . 
 the earth 's air is n't very safe so we live inside it , '' welds says plainly . 
 megan 's mouth is partly open and she 's staring at welds . 
 rian and i were watching the conversation in silence . 
 now he turns to us , `` i will be heading out soon . 
 callum , you 'll be assigned to escort her around the same way you did with ms. clancy . 
 take megan to dr. janelle . 
 once she 's done , you 'll show her to her room . 
 her last name is alman . 
 do n't forget that . '' 
 i already forgot it . 
 rian asks , `` sir ? 
 is n't there someone else willing to take my place ? '' 
 welds points fiercely at me . 
 `` if she knows her way around , she can . 
 but let me guess ... '' he trails off and stares at me , forcing me to finish the sentence . 
 `` i do n't know my way around . '' 
 `` then it 's you , callum . '' 
 `` is n't there someone other than me or vivian ? 
 i mean , i already have one person to take care of . 
 i do n't need two . '' 
 `` you 'll be fine . '' 
 he strolls over to a panel attached to the wall and enters a few numbers . 
 after he 's done , he directs his attention to megan , who 's silent . 
 `` you can walk now . '' 
 slowly , her bare toes starts wiggling back and forth and her face lights up . 
 in a second , she has slid off the bed and has landed gracefully on the floor . 
 her toes curl up and she watches us . 
 and she can walk ? 
 i am slightly irritated . 
 i could n't walk and talk my first time . 
 why can she ? 
 megan finally notices the mind-reading object attached to her ear . 
 her fingers reach out to poke it and fear is back on her face . 
 she must think she has been given a new ear . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 her voice is almost inaudible . 
 i can tell she 's about to pull at the object but welds gets there first . 
 once he detaches it from her ear , she lets out a sigh of relief . 
 `` oh good . 
 i did n't - i did n't know what that was . '' 
 `` it lets us reach into your mind and receive your thoughts , '' welds says . 
 megan freezes and her mouth barely opens as she repeats the word , `` w-what ? '' 
 welds does n't answer . 
 he stashes the object away and gives rian a hard pat on the back before leaving . 
 i shrug to no one in particular . 
 `` i guess there 's no wheelchair ? '' 
 rian laughs and murmurs , `` no of course not . 
 she 's not special enough . '' 
 i want to smile but i hold it in . 
 rian lets out a breath and motions megan to follow him . 
 i walk ahead of them , reaching the door first . 
 megan speaks first . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 `` nowhere you wo n't hate , '' rian says . 
 `` but i mean ... janelle - '' `` if this is n't an insane asylum , i 'm expecting all of my questions answered , '' megan interrupts . 
 she holds up her right hand and points to the tattoo . 
 `` and what exactly is this ? 
 i did n't want to ask that old guy . 
 he would n't answer anyway . 
 i figured you might . '' 
 rian starts shaking his head as i join into their conversation , pulling the door open . 
 `` it means they 're planning on eating you , '' i say jokingly . 
 megan does n't seem to be listening . 
 before i can continue , her elbow rams rian in the stomach . 
 he stumbles backward . 
 i gasp and reach for her hair , about to snatch it in a death grip . 
 too late . 
 she bolts through the door i just opened . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the first thing i do is check on rian . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he waves me off and nearly shouts . 
 `` just go get her ! '' 
 i nod and slip through the door . 
 it does n't take me long to spot a sprinting girl . 
 everyone else is walking . 
 i shoot after her and rian 's right behind me . 
 i guess her hit did n't do much damage . 
 she 's crazy , right ? 
 i think to myself . 
 she 'll never get out of here . 
 it 'll be easy to corner her . 
 rian catches up to me and i ask him , `` what 's she heading toward ? '' 
 rian picks up his pace and i strain to copy him . 
 `` the cafeteria or the bedrooms . '' 
 we continue to sprint after her and i notice she falters as she tries to figure out the right way to go . 
 there is no right way . 
 she makes a sharp left turn and nearly topples someone over . 
 rian and i are there in a beat and again , i miss her flying hair by a centimeter . 
 we have arrived at the bedroom corridor . 
 stop running ! 
 a boy is in megan 's way and she starts zig-zagging through the hallway . 
 once she gets close to him , the boy 's shoulder collides with hers and that gives me and rian enough time to reach her . 
 once i get the chance to pounce on her , i take it . 
 soon she 's on the ground with me holding her wrists in place . 
 she 's too tired to fight me but she still tries to yank her wrists from my grip . 
 rian is by my side . 
 `` just calm down ! '' 
 i yell into her face . 
 `` you leave me alone ! '' 
 she spits back . 
 the boy that had struck her shoulder runs to us and crouches down , a worried look on his face . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 he asks . 
 megan does n't stop squirming . 
 a few people heading down the corridor turn to look at us and i just shoot them a glare . 
 the boy pushes me off of her and i 'm caught by surprise . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he yells at me . 
 `` ca n't you see you 're hurting her ? '' 
 i watch as he pulls megan to her feet and starts brushing her arms off . 
 she jumps away from him and waves her hand , wanting him to keep his distance . 
 `` are you done yet ? '' 
 i snarl at her . 
 it sounds pathetic and i want to take it back . 
 while rubbing her shoulder , she turns to me and rian . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm done , i 'm done . '' 
 without care , i snatch her arm and start marching her toward the same way we had just come from . 
 i stop suddenly , feeling like janelle and remembering i have no idea where we 're supposed to be going . 
 `` rian ? '' 
 i spin around to face him , only to find him talking to that boy . 
 both of their heads snap up as i call rian 's name . 
 i say , `` lead the way . '' 
 rian seems to understand . 
 he jogs over to me . 
 and to my horror , that boy follows us . 
 i point a finger at him . 
 `` whoa , dude . 
 you are n't coming along . '' 
 he just scoffs . 
 `` who says ? 
 i 'm interested in what 's going on . '' 
 i drag megan along as i trail behind rian . 
 the boy follows and i ca n't help but let out a frustrate sigh . 
 i do n't care if he hears . 
 i need him to know i 'm annoyed with him . 
 he has to stop following us . 
 `` do n't you have other things to do ? '' 
 i try . 
 he still does n't seem to want to give up following us . 
 `` of course not . 
 you do know how boring life in here is ? 
 basically all you do is wake up , eat , work , eat , sleep . 
 and repeat . '' 
 megan tries tugging her arm out of my grip but i do n't let go . 
 `` am i making you uncomfortable ? '' 
 i smirk . 
 she brings her bare foot down on my knee and i jerk away from her before she can hurt me too much . 
 my hand slips from her arm and she 's running again . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 i want to pull my hair out . 
 ca n't she just stop running ? 
 the boy following us seems to finally comprehend what is going on because he says , `` oh , okay . 
 stay here . 
 i 'll get her . '' 
 he darts after her . 
 i do n't obey his orders . 
 i dash after her as well . 
 the more people chasing after her , the better . 
 rian gives a complaining grunt and follows . 
 the strange boy runs fast . 
 he 's already closing in on her and i 'm wondering how he 'll grab her without `` hurting her . '' 
 people jump out of the way to let us pass . 
 a few have started running with us as well but i ignore them . 
 to my surprise , the boy closes the distance between megan and pounces on her the way i had . 
 i skid to a stop when i reach them . 
 it takes me a minute to catch my breath . 
 megan has started crying . 
 `` oh come on ! '' 
 i exclaim , throwing my hands up in exasperation . 
 `` if you would have cooperated , none of this would have ever happened . '' 
 her words are choked by the sobs and she tries wiping at her eyes . 
 the boy who had tackled her picks himself up and this time , he does n't bother to help megan . 
 `` i-don ' t-d-don ' t want to be he-here ! '' 
 she wails , curling her legs toward her chest . 
 she 's still laying on the ground . 
 she takes a gulp of air and says in one breath , `` i d-don ' t kn-know w-where i-i-i am and i do n't l-like t-this place and i-it 's s-scary and i-i wan na go h-home . '' 
 the boy laughs and kicks the air a little . 
 `` what ? 
 are you new here ? 
 ` cause i do n't know if you 've heard ... but no one gets out . 
 you 're gon na live here for the rest of your life . '' 
 megan wipes her red eyes one more time before letting out a loud sniffle and looking up at the boy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her voice is soft , confused . 
 `` i. . . 
 what are you talking about ? '' 
 when she finally has the strength to stand up , she does . 
 she brushes invisible dirt off her arms and legs and uses her white tank top to wipe her running nose . 
 the boy leans away in disgust . 
 `` exactly what i 'm talking about , '' he says . 
 megan rubs the rest of the snot away with her hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ca n't take this . 
 watching her wipe her running nose with her hand is disgusting . 
 i turn to rian instead , who shoots me a grin , silently laughing at what megan is doing . 
 `` um , '' rian starts . 
 `` megan ? 
 do you need a tissue ? '' 
 megan looks at rian and freezes mid-wipe . 
 `` you have tissues ? '' 
 rian shakes his head . 
 `` not here . 
 somewhere else . '' 
 `` are they where you 're expected to send me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 megan stays silent and her eyes switch back and forth to the boy , me , and then rian . 
 she finally says in a tiny voice . 
 `` okay . '' 
 we had to force the boy to leave us alone . 
 he insisted on following us to where we were headed but i constantly repeated , `` no . '' 
 it took rian to raise his voice and threaten to call mr. welds before the boy finally abandoned us . 
 i guess mr. welds is really that scary . 
 rian and i watch megan meet janelle for few seconds . 
 megan wo n't stop fidgeting and i 'm wondering if she 's thinking of yet another escape . 
 if she runs again , i decide . 
 i 'm not running after her . 
 after janelle and megan disappear behind the interrogation room door , rian plops down onto janelle 's desk chair and relaxes . 
 i am left standing . 
 `` how old is she ? '' 
 i ask , trying to get comfortable . 
 i lean against the wall by janelle 's desk and cross my arms . 
 `` megan , '' i quickly clarify . 
 rian shrugs . 
 `` she looks younger than you . 
 you 'll have to ask welds if you 're really curious . '' 
 while we wait for megan , i start to understand how rian must have felt like when he had to wait for me to get done with my interrogation two days ago . 
 `` you 're not going to fall asleep again , are you ? '' 
 i ask him , remembering the time he did . 
 i 'm trying to make conversation . 
 it 's boring sitting here in silence . 
 i focus on the people wandering around the room , carrying flasks or whatever they are working on at this time . 
 `` of course not . 
 i got plenty of sleep last night . '' 
 he slides his fingers across the screen of a tablet i have n't noticed he 's picked up . 
 i indicated to it . 
 `` that does n't happen to have anything about who we were in the past , would it ? '' 
 a couple of people 's heads turn in our direction as i say this . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i mouth to them . 
 they continue their work . 
 rian notices and whispers , `` janelle would n't give us easy access to those sorts of things . '' 
 `` welds had given me a document my first day here . 
 he told me it contained some information about my past life . 
 i did n't get a chance to read it . 
 what was written on there ? '' 
 `` what makes you think i know ? '' 
 `` you were the one who brought it to him . 
 i figured you read it . '' 
 rian sets the tablet on the desk and reaches into his pocket . 
 he pulls out the glass cube with the carving of a wolf head inside . 
 i gasp . 
 `` you 're returning it ? '' 
 once again , people 's heads glance our way . 
 rian drops the object into an open drawer and goes back to the tablet again , acting like nothing ever happened . 
 he continues the previous conversation . 
 `` i never read your document . 
 i read mine . 
 it had nothing significant . 
 it had the year i was born , the year i died , my parents ' and siblings ' names . 
 you get the idea . 
 it did n't have anything about the cause of my death or what happened to me while i was dead . '' 
 `` mr. welds said there 's a way to know who i was a long time ago . 
 do you know how i can access that ? '' 
 `` believe me , vivian , when i say i do n't know . 
 if i did , i would 've torn that place apart looking for something about me . 
 you 're not the only one who wants to know who you used to be . '' 
 `` do some people here know who they were in their past life ? '' 
 `` i reckon so . 
 if they did n't , they would 've formed a riot and forced mr. welds to tell them . '' 
 i lower myself onto the ground and let out a breath . 
 i could repeatedly try to ask mr. welds to hand this information over . 
 others might have done this already . 
 if they have , did he surrender it ? 
 what if i were to help him in some way ? 
 would he be willing to give it over then ? 
 i stare at my feet . 
 `` rian ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` are there any jobs available ? '' 
 `` there are plenty of jobs available , '' i hear him say . 
 `` which one do you think would interest you ? '' 
 `` are there any package delivering ones ? '' 
 `` like pizza ? '' 
 i frown , instantly remembering i had n't eaten anything for a few hours . 
 my stomach starts rumbling . 
 `` does pizza still exist ? '' 
 `` if you like mush pizza , then sure . 
 by the way , you do n't receive any money for working . 
 money is worthless here . '' 
 `` you do n't get paid in anyway ? '' 
 `` you do . 
 free food . '' 
 that does n't make any sense . 
 `` i have n't worked yet and i 've gotten free food . '' 
 rian lifts a shoulder . 
 `` they have extras . 
 we have many people here that do n't have jobs . '' 
 `` could you maybe find me a job ? '' 
 rian smiles . 
 `` yes i could maybe find you a job . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he focuses back on the tablet and grunts , `` the battery 's low . '' 
 just as he 's about to put it down , the door to the interrogation room swings open and megan and janelle step out . 
 rian immediately jumps out of the chair before janelle can see him . 
 megan 's face is still red so i figured she had burst into tears again . 
 she must be in her early teens because i do n't think twenty year olds would start crying if they 'd miss home . 
 i know i did n't . 
 i did n't even question this place the first day i woke up . 
 `` mr. welds would like to meet the living , breathing megan tomorrow , '' janelle says . 
 she leans in to whisper to both me and rian . 
 `` do n't mention anything about her parents or her sketchbook . 
 she 'll start crying . '' 
 i nod . 
 i understand the feeling of missing your parents . 
 but a sketchbook ? 
 megan gets her haircut and i watch as a scientist deposits the strands into a bag . 
 rob is n't here to do it . 
 someone else is . 
 just the thought of drinking the hair almost causes me to puke inside my mouth . 
 who thought of the idea of combining hair with a chemical to make hair grow ? 
 that 's just sick . 
 megan goes through a few procedures of having her blood pressure taken , getting a few injections , and other things i do n't bother paying attention to . 
 after all that , she , rian , and i head back out into the hallway and i ca n't help but keep a close eye on her . 
 she might take off running again . 
 i 'm starving and luckily , we have finished in time for dinner . 
 the cafeteria is crowded . 
 and as we wait for our food , i notice megan does n't stand still . 
 she keeps hopping up and down . 
 from excitement or nervousness , i do n't know . 
 i do n't like how crowded it is so i insist we head back out with our food and show megan her room . 
 rian agrees but megan has other plans . 
 she actually wants to socialize with these strangers . 
 she does n't get the chance . 
 rian and i slip out of the room , forcing her to follow us . 
 there might be no one willing to take her back to her room after dinner . 
 `` so , '' she breaks the silence that has been hanging in the air as we walk to the bedroom corridors . 
 `` where is this room ? 
 am i going to share with anyone else ? '' 
 `` if you have a sibling , then you could , '' i tell her , chewing on a what appears to be a breadstick . 
 `` do i have siblings living here ? '' 
 she asks hopefully . 
 i shrug and her hope shatters . 
 earlier , she had asked if her sisters were here . 
 so she does have siblings . 
 i just do n't know if they 're alive or not . 
 she 's silent the rest of the way until rian asks her , `` what 's your last name ? '' 
 `` alman . '' 
 `` and how old are you ? '' 
 `` f-fourteen . '' 
 she sniffles and i 'm afraid she 's going to start crying again . 
 she 's pretty young . 
 rian does n't ask her how to spell her last name so i 'm guessing he 's just going to try to sound it out . 
 i hope it does n't take us too long to find it . 
 fortunately , it does n't . 
 megan 's door is closer to the beginning of the hallway than mine or rian 's is . 
 i stand back as rian shows her how to open it . 
 she remembers the tattoo on her hand again and opens her mouth to ask about it . 
 before she can go too far into her sentence , her room door slides open and reveals her room . 
 she gets excited and completely forgets about her question . 
 she gasps in wonder . 
 `` oh cool ! 
 i 've never had a room to myself before ! '' 
 she 's about to step inside but stops herself . 
 `` may i come in ? '' 
 i do n't know why she 's asking for permission . 
 i nod and she sprints inside , practically diving face down into the bed in the corner . 
 she giggles and invites us to come inside . 
 rian seems to hesitate . 
 i pull him inside . 
 the door slides closed behind us . 
 megan hops off the bed and explores the small closet , her face brightening up as she sees a few white t-shirts hanging inside . 
 `` why is everything white ? '' 
 she suddenly asks . 
 i have to laugh . 
 `` that 's what i 'm wondering . '' 
 `` it 's still a mystery , `` rian adds , `` none of us know . '' 
 megan frowns and slowly sits down onto the soft carpet . 
 `` i still do n't understand this . 
 why am i staying here forever ? '' 
 i scoot down to her and say as gently as i can , `` look , kid . 
 i 'm new here too . 
 i 've been here for about two or three days . '' 
 megan stares at me . 
 `` you have ? 
 how about that guy ? '' 
 she points to rian . 
 i answer with , `` rian 's been here for two years . '' 
 `` rian ? 
 that 's his name ? 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 `` vivian . '' 
 `` i 'm ... megan . 
 but you already know that . '' 
 i nod and look around the room , wondering if there 's anything important i need to show her . 
 rian does n't seem to want to do his job . 
 i spot the silver cube we use as a phone and bring it over to her . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 she asks , not letting me explain first . 
 `` this , '' i begin , `` this is a phone . 
 it helps you contact other people 's rooms . 
 i 'll give you my and rian 's number if you want . '' 
 i turn to rian and ask , `` what 's my room phone number ? '' 
 `` fifty-seven . '' 
 i continue explaining to megan . 
 `` anyway , you pull this panel out . 
 you 'll see a keypad . 
 it 's just like a regular phone . 
 there are many people who have the number fifty-seven so you 'll have to type my whole name out or something - '' `` you could just use the initials too , '' rian cuts in . 
 while i continue explaining things , i 'm surprised that i even managed to figure them out on my own . 
 we eat the rest of our dinner in her room while i explain . 
 rian just stands by , sometimes cutting in to add a word or two . 
 megan gets comfortable enough to want to sleep . 
 i 'm glad my lecture has bored her . 
 i want to leave already . 
 rian flicks her light off as i step out into the corridor . 
 he follows me , looking like he 's about to collapse onto the floor . 
 `` you 're tired ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 i 'm not . 
 my eyes are n't getting heavy so i 'm not going to go to sleep just yet . 
 rian nods and rubs one of his eyes . 
 `` what do you expect , vivian ? 
 it 's late . '' 
 the hallway is completely empty except for a couple of people here and there and i get the sudden urge to start running through the empty hallway . 
 i want to go see if welds or anyone willing to help me find a job is still awake . 
 it 's late but i want to do something before i go to sleep . 
 just like the other two nights , i doubt i would be able to fall asleep . 
 `` would welds or janelle be asleep at this time ? '' 
 i ask rian . 
 he scratches his head . 
 `` why would you need either of them ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for a job . '' 
 rian does n't bother reacting to what i say . 
 he just starts shuffling down the hallway toward where his room should probably be . 
 i walk in the same direction he 's walking but my goal is to find welds or janelle . 
 `` so are they asleep ? '' 
 i ask rian . 
 i barely understand him as he mutters , `` welds stays up really late . 
 i do n't know about janelle though . 
 are you sure you 'll be able to find your way there ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 how hard can it be ? 
 i just have to keep a lookout for the right door . '' 
 rian lets out a tired chuckle . 
 `` you could practice using those glasses . '' 
 i remember i 'm still carrying them so i pull them out of my pocket . 
 `` what if i get lost ? '' 
 rian reaches his door and scans his hand against it . 
 it slides open . 
 before entering , he tells me , `` you could always sleep out in the hallway . '' 
 the door slides closed and i 'm left staring at it . 
 a kid walks by me and gives me a look . 
 i stare back at him as he passes . 
 he enters through a couple doors down from rian 's . 
 taking a deep breath , i break off into a run through the corridor . 
 i 'm off to find welds . 
 chapter 12 vivian i notice the lights in the white hallway have dimmed to a dull gray glow as i stand there . 
 my hands slip the glasses i 'm holding onto my face and i switch them on the same way i 've seen rian do . 
 so they 're going to show me a map of this building and i 'm somehow supposed to find a way around ? 
 the last time i had put them on , the map the glasses had given me looked too confusing to follow . 
 i 'll have to figure out how to use these . 
 if i 'm going to live here , i might as well learn the new technology , right ? 
 once again , the vision in my left eye goes dark and i wait for the screen to light up . 
 when it does , i cringe involuntarily as the bright light blinds my eye for a second . 
 either i 'm imagining it or it 's real , but i think i 'm getting a headache already . 
 okay . 
 let 's figure this out . 
 it 's surprisingly easy to navigate through the screen in the glasses . 
 i do n't know how it does it but it acts like my eye is a computer mouse . 
 i can scroll through the map just by thinking about it and moving my eye around . 
 fascinating . 
 a fat red dot marks my location on the electronic map on the glasses . 
 i notice other dots but they 're not as emphasized . 
 some move around but most of them stay still , surrounded by squares i assume are bedrooms . 
 so everyone did receive trackers . 
 they had to in order to be marked on these maps . 
 but how do i find a specific person ? 
 like welds or janelle ? 
 maybe ... . 
 i stare at the dot marking my location on the map and wait for something to pop up . 
 possibly my name or a picture . 
 instead of getting any of those , a search bar appears . 
 at least i think it 's a search bar . 
 `` uh , '' i say out loud . 
 is it expecting me to type something in ? 
 not knowing how to pull a keyboard up , i just say the name of the person i 'm looking for , `` welds . '' 
 to my surprise , the bar disappears and shows me the map of the facility again . 
 a few of the red dots have turned green . 
 these must be the welds . 
 but who 's the real welds i 'm looking for ? 
 i try staring at the screen again , wanting the same search bar to pop up . 
 nothing happens . 
 i let out a frustrated grunt and start walking , having no destination in mind . 
 i 'm not tired yet . 
 most of the green dots that mark people named welds are located somewhere behind me , presumably somewhere in their rooms , sleeping . 
 taking one more look at the map on the lens , i pull the glasses off and i receive another dance from the white spots . 
 i shut my eyes and rub my left eye , trying to get the blobs out of my vision . 
 the bright light from the electronic map caused my head to start throbbing . 
 i guess i 'm not imagining my headache . 
 i massage my temples and continue walking , trying to figure out an alternative way to get to welds . 
 maybe i could ask someone ? 
 there are many doors around me . 
 i could just knock on one and ask for help . 
 but there is a chance they might not know who welds is ... i slide forward on the tile with my socks . 
 the only pair of shoes i have are the flats . 
 they were given to me by addison on the day of mr. welds ' dinner . 
 i left them in my room but i 'm not planning on wearing them anytime soon . 
 i 'm fine with the socks - `` ms. clancy . '' 
 the voice startles me from my thoughts and i look up to see janelle speed walking toward me . 
 even from here i can hear the clatter of her shoes . 
 i freeze and watch her . 
 she does n't look angry , which is a relief . 
 `` ms. clancy , '' she repeats once she reaches me . 
 `` why are n't you asleep ? '' 
 `` i-uh-i 'm not tired , '' i say . 
 `` and you decide to run around in the middle of the night ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm looking for someone . 
 how did you know i was here ? '' 
 janelle scoffs . 
 `` because this hallway is obviously not monitored 24/7 . 
 they told me to talk to you once they saw you here . 
 i was watching along with them . '' 
 i look up at the ceiling , trying to search for cameras . 
 i should 've known . 
 welds had said there are cameras planted around the entire building to supervise everyone . 
 `` could you tell me where welds is ? '' 
 janelle gives me a strange look . 
 `` be specific . 
 i do n't quite know which welds you are talking about . '' 
 i try remembering what welds ' first name is but instead , i say , `` that one guy . 
 welds . 
 jack welds ' brother . '' 
 `` russell welds ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` he 's speaking with mr. welds buts he 's available . 
 their conversation is n't about anything worth hiding . 
 is whatever you want to tell them worth their time , though ? '' 
 it 's worth my time but i do n't know about theirs . 
 i shrug . 
 `` very well , then , '' janelle says , `` you can briefly talk to them but after that , i 'll give you a sleeping pill and you 'll head straight to bed . '' 
 she sounds like a mother right now . 
 i wonder if she has any children here . 
 i agree with her plan and she leads me to a door . 
 how she knows which door holds what , i 'll never know . 
 just like a millions of doors around here , this door is plain white with no labels . 
 she pulls it open and voices from the room flood my ears . 
 `` ... it 's misplaced and there is no way to find it . '' 
 mr. welds is speaking . 
 as janelle and i enter this new room , i see there are only two people inside -lrb- excluding me and janelle -rrb- . 
 there are two white couches placed across from each other in the middle of the room . 
 right between the couches , there is a small glass table , holding two white mugs of an unknown liquid . 
 it could be something pleasant like hot cocoa because i doubt they would drink wine in mugs . 
 on each of the four walls , there is a picture of a white blob of art inside a white frame . 
 i admire it for a few seconds . 
 that 's all the room has . 
 two couches , a table , and picture frames . 
 there 's a lot of extra space left . 
 mr. welds is seated on one of the couches . 
 across from him on the other one , sits his brother , the regular welds . 
 i laugh at myself for calling him regular . 
 they look like they 're having an amiable conversation . 
 mr. welds sees me and janelle and stops the discussion he 's having with his brother . 
 a soft smile appears on his face and he asks me , `` ah , ms. clancy . 
 what are you doing up so late ? '' 
 janelle , who joins my side after closing the door , clasps her hands behind her back and gives mr. welds a respectful nod . 
 i shoot right into a short explanation . 
 `` i could n't sleep and i had a few things i had to do on my mind so i figured i might finish them . '' 
 mr. welds chuckles . 
 `` you 're planning on staying up the whole night trying to complete your ` to-do ' list ? '' 
 i fiddle with my thumbs and answer , `` i guess so . '' 
 it sounds more like a question . 
 `` so what did you come here for ? '' 
 mr. welds asks . 
 his brother , welds , has been silent so far . 
 i suddenly feel awkward asking . 
 `` are there any ... jobs available for me ? '' 
 welds takes a sip from the mug on the table and mr. welds replies with , `` there are . 
 we have already selected one for you . 
 but of course we were waiting until you settled in before we actually assigned it to you . 
 since you 're so eager to start it , i 'll tell mr. callum to take you there tomorrow . 
 will that be alright ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 he does n't even know which job i want . 
 `` what will i be doing ? '' 
 mr. welds immediately answers , `` transferring and organizing boxes . 
 is that alright with you ? '' 
 just to be sure , i say , `` i 'll be moving around , right ? '' 
 mr. welds nods . 
 i nod back . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 mr. welds chuckles again and picks up his mug . 
 before taking a swig , he asks me , `` would you like some sleep medicine ? '' 
 i wave his offer away and janelle escorts me out the door . 
 mr. welds and welds continue their discussion as janelle shuts the door behind us . 
 i 'm getting a job . 
 chapter 13 vivian the next morning , rian leaves me at the place i 'm supposed to work at , saying he has to show megan around . 
 it turns out verity , the girl who called my hair `` 19th century , '' works at the same job i do . 
 i head over to her just because she 's the only person here that i have seen before . 
 the room i work in is large and bright . 
 the vast number of people in here makes this room uncomfortably warm . 
 and i 'm wearing a sweatshirt . 
 where 's the air conditioning ? 
 mr. welds had said i 'll be moving boxes . 
 but what 's inside this room are n't boxes . 
 they are objects wrapped in black plastic . 
 and on most of these bags , there seem to be labels plastered on . 
 many of them are marked with names so i wonder what could possibly be inside . 
 `` so what 's in these bags ? '' 
 i had asked verity the second i entered this room . 
 she replied with , `` the belongings from people 's past lives . 
 apparently , before we were all frozen , many of us brought our stuff down here and labeled them with our names in case we survived . '' 
 i was shocked , and still am . 
 if people brought their possessions here , then i must have done it too ! 
 i wonder what i had packed . 
 `` have you ever found your bag ? '' 
 i ask now , flipping one of the large objects wrapped in black plastic over in my hands . 
 i 'm searching for the label . 
 hopefully mine . 
 i 'll find it somewhere in this mess . 
 unless it was already sorted . 
 `` not yet . 
 i 'm hoping to . '' 
 hers might have been found by someone else as well . 
 just like there 's a chance mine had . 
 `` how long have you worked here ? '' 
 i ask , tossing aside the bag i 've been looking at . 
 i inspect another one , still attempting to look for my name . 
 the material of these bags feel stiff . 
 `` i 've been working here for as long as i 've been living here . 
 two months . 
 how about you ? 
 how long have you lived here ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` three or four days . '' 
 we 're expected to be sorting the items in the bags , disposing of the rotten food and keeping the good items . 
 i want to look for my bag first . 
 it disgusts me that someone would actually try to pack food before they were frozen . 
 verity notices i keep picking up and tossing different bags every five seconds . 
 i do n't look through any of them . 
 `` what exactly are you trying to accomplish here ? '' 
 she asks . 
 she 's already halfway done searching through a bag and i 'm sitting here , trying to look for one marked with my name . 
 maybe i did n't pack anything . 
 janelle said i had been murdered so why would i have a reason to pack anything from my past life if i did n't know i was going to die ? 
 `` look , '' verity continues , `` you were given a job so you might as well do it . 
 i mean , they take care of you here . 
 so why not help them ? '' 
 she has a good point . 
 i did ask for a job and i was given one . 
 i sigh and get to work , pulling open the next bag i pick up and not bothering to check who it belongs to . 
 almost immediately , a gut twisting odor escapes the bag . 
 verity notices me recoiling and laughs . 
 `` hold your breath , '' she warns me a little too late . 
 i cough and plug my nose as i dip my head toward the bag . 
 inside it are some items i 've seen before and some , i have no clue about . 
 reluctantly , i reach in and pull out a notebook . 
 if feels fragile but does n't fall apart in my hands . 
 verity gets interested so she scoots over to me as i gingerly start flipping the pages . 
 there are words written here . 
 some sort of diary . 
 `` this is like the hundredth notebook i 've seen . 
 they actually use paper from these to make their own paper . '' 
 i close the notebook and set it aside . 
 `` i have n't seen any paper . 
 all they use are tablets . '' 
 also the odd cloth tablet , too . 
 verity shrugs and goes back to the bag in her hands . 
 i continue searching through the one i 'm holding . 
 this job actually interests me now . 
 i ca n't wait to see what 's in the other bags . 
 the next few items i pull out are a box of pencils , a candy wrapper -lrb- but i do n't see any candy -rrb- , a photo of a family -lrb- which i stared at for a while -rrb- , and many more objects . 
 verity and i continue to search through bags in silence . 
 we exchange a few words here and there but there 's really nothing to talk about . 
 `` do they give these things back to the owners ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` only to those who want it back . '' 
 `` why do n't they give it to us the day we wake up ? '' 
 by wake up , i mean come back to life . 
 she seems to understand what i mean . 
 `` they look through it first and keep what they think is important to them . 
 then they give the leftovers to their rightful owners . '' 
 `` how would they get the important objects if we 're looking through them right now . 
 it 's not like we know what they think is important . 
 and that 's basically stealing . '' 
 `` we clean them . 
 after that , they look through the cleaned bags . '' 
 `` we do n't actually clean - '' `` we pull food and junk out . 
 i count that as cleaning . '' 
 `` what if someone were to take something out of this bag and keep it for themselves ? '' 
 verity points up to the ceiling . 
 `` you 're being monitored . 
 but stuff like that happens . '' 
 it goes quiet once again . 
 after a few minutes has passed , i ask her about the other name on her bedroom door . 
 i remember seeing the names verity and fawn the day rian brought me there . 
 i hope she wo n't hate me for asking about her personal life . 
 she answers as if she were answering a math question . 
 `` she 's my little sister . '' 
 `` how old ? '' 
 she continues to search through her bag without looking at me . 
 `` she 's twelve . 
 i have two sisters . 
 we 're just waiting for the last one . '' 
 `` really ? 
 she 's here ? '' 
 verity nods . 
 `` she 's not alive yet . 
 a couple of weeks ago they told me they 're planning on bringing her back soon . '' 
 `` how old is she supposed to be ? '' 
 `` fourteen . '' 
 `` so you 're the oldest ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yep . 
 eighteen . '' 
 `` are your parents here ? '' 
 verity 's head shakes . 
 `` my parents were too old to be accepted . 
 that was the rule . 
 if you were 35 or younger , you would have been preserved . 
 if you were older , you were rejected . 
 it was the way it was , i guess . 
 how about your parents ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was told i had been murdered . 
 mr. welds said my parents died of natural causes . '' 
 verity grimaces . 
 `` ooh . 
 tough luck . 
 getting murdered ? 
 so you did n't have an illness ? '' 
 i shake my head but honestly , i do n't know if i did or not . 
 verity says , `` i did . '' 
 after she utters those two words , we go silent . 
 she stops searching through the bag and i stop searching mine . 
 she finally continues , `` i used to have a strange virus . '' 
 she does n't say anything else until i ask , `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` they told me . '' 
 by they , i 'm assuming mr. welds , welds , or janelle . 
 possibly rob . 
 or one of the scientists , of course . 
 i move on to the next bag after finishing this one . 
 to my relief , i had n't found any rotten food inside . 
 `` well ... they did n't tell me , '' i say , anger surfacing . '' 
 mr. welds had refused to tell me what had happened to me and why i 'm here . 
 they told verity . 
 why not me ? 
 `` i lived here longer than you have . '' 
 `` actually , mr. welds refused to tell me when i had asked him . '' 
 verity moves onto the next bag and starts coughing in disgust as she opens it . 
 her eyes search the inside of the bag and she pulls a can out . 
 `` non-perishable food items , '' she says with a grin on her face . 
 she sets the can down and comments on what i said . 
 `` your brother told me he was informed of his past . '' 
 the bag nearly slips through my fingers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 they told piers about his past life ! 
 i do n't care if verity and piers lived here longer than me , i want to know what happened to me . 
 why am i here ? 
 how did i die ? 
 `` they told your brother , '' she repeats . 
 `` he said he used to be some kind of medic in training . 
 there was this war going on and they needed doctors . '' 
 `` they said that ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` is piers one of your friends ? '' 
 it 's a random question , but i 'm curious . 
 i remember she was sitting by all of his friends that time i came into the cafeteria for the first time . 
 verity shrugs . 
 `` i guess you could call me one of his many friends . 
 he helps take care of fawn sometimes . '' 
 `` is n't he busy being a scientist ? '' 
 verity shrugs again . 
 `` yeah , i guess . 
 he said he 'll help with megan once they bring her back . '' 
 she watches my confused face for a second . 
 then clarifies , `` megan 's the other sister we 're waiting for . '' 
 i freeze , just for a second . 
 megan ? 
 `` megan ? '' 
 i say out loud , the disbelief clear in my voice . 
 verity just shrugs one more time and says casually , `` you act like you know her . '' 
 `` megan ? '' 
 i repeat , louder this time . 
 verity nods . 
 my words are flowing out quicker now . 
 `` red hair ? 
 fourteen years old ? '' 
 while verity keeps nodding , i bring my hand up to my head , indicating my height . 
 `` about my height ? '' 
 obviously i 'm taller than megan but she 's not too far behind . 
 i would n't say i 'm tall either . 
 my stature is shorter than most . 
 verity 's head bobs up and down a few more times before she actually starts talking . 
 `` yes ! 
 how did you know ? '' 
 her eyes brighten and her expression is filled with hope . 
 `` did you see her ? '' 
 very slowly , i nod my head and verity practically yells , `` she 's alive ? '' 
 a few heads and eyes turn our way . 
 megan had said she had sisters . 
 so these must be hers . 
 fawn and verity . 
 `` yes . 
 rian and i watched her wake up yesterday , '' i say , `` i think she 's with him right now . 
 he 's giving her a tour . '' 
 her voice turns cold . 
 `` yesterday ? 
 and they never told me ? '' 
 now she understands how i feel . 
 they did n't tell me anything either . 
 i say nothing and verity jumps up to her feet . 
 `` i need to see her , '' she says . 
 she pulls me to my feet and i do n't know why she wants me to come along with her . 
 i wo n't be a major help anyway . 
 these buildings and its many rooms are still new to me so i would n't be able to show her where megan is . 
 `` w-why would - '' she cuts me off before i can continue . 
 `` you need to come with me . '' 
 i suddenly feel like the job is more important than me meeting megan again . 
 she 's not my sister . 
 i do n't need to see her . 
 i already have . 
 verity , who has been trying to drag me to the door , lets her arm fall to her side . 
 she sighs and her voice is hesitant as she says , `` look . '' 
 a pause . 
 she repeats , `` look ... i 'm sorry for calling your hair ` 19th century . ' 
 i really am . '' 
 she emphasizes the words `` 19 century '' with air quotes and i 'm a little confused . 
 she thinks i do n't want to come with her because of what she had said to me a couple of days ago ? 
 i shake my head and laugh . 
 `` no , '' i say , `` you 're mistaken . 
 that 's not the reason i do n't want to go - '' she throws her hands up in exasperation . 
 `` then help me . '' 
 she needs my help to get to her sister . 
 ca n't she find her own way around ? 
 she 's been living here more than i have so she must have an idea how to get around this place . 
 i take a deep breath and say , `` why do you need my help ? '' 
 it does n't even take her a moment to start answering . 
 she starts talking before i 'm done with my question . 
 `` i do n't want to go alone , okay ? 
 i 'm not exactly fond of everyone here . 
 besides , you said she 's with that rian guy . '' 
 her arms flap against her thighs and her feet start rubbing against the floor . 
 she looks down at the ground . 
 `` i do n't really like him too much . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` you hate rian ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` i do n't hate him but i do n't like him . 
 it 's somewhere in between . '' 
 `` does he scare you ? '' 
 she cringes . 
 `` no . 
 it 's just ... he gave me a tour my first day here and ... he was so boring . '' 
 i raise both my eyebrows . 
 i 'm not too talented to raise just one . 
 `` you do n't like him because he 's boring ? '' 
 she points a finger at me . 
 `` i 've seen you talking to him . 
 he might like you better than he does me so - '' i snort and she stops talking . 
 `` you 're being paranoid , '' i say . 
 `` he will not do anything to you and yes , i will come with you . '' 
 but she 's eighteen . 
 why would she not want to see rian because he 's boring ? 
 she looks relieved . 
 we abandon our job and i 'm wondering if it 's possible to get in trouble by doing so . 
 verity says she wants to see megan right away . 
 she had already waited forever . 
 she increases her pace as we head down the hallway and i fall behind her a few feet . 
 the large hallway is almost empty . 
 everybody seems to be either working or eating in the cafeteria . 
 how long does breakfast last exactly ? 
 i can tell she 's eager to see megan . 
 when i 'd met piers here for the first time , i had yelled at him . 
 i wonder how megan 's and verity 's reunion will look like . 
 but there 's one problem . 
 i do n't know where verity is going . 
 it seems like she knows what she 's doing , so i do n't question her . 
 i just question the reason why she wanted to take me with her . 
 there really is no good reason . 
 we reach a room and i find myself standing in front of a desk . 
 welds sits behind it and verity talks to him a little . 
 he seems to be giving her directions but i ca n't be sure . 
 their voices are murmurs . 
 before verity and i take off again , welds asks me , `` ms. clancy . 
 how 's your job so far ? '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i reply . 
 we leave . 
 verity starts talking as i trail behind her in the hallway . 
 `` so . 
 welds told me my sister and rian are checking out designs and inventions and stuff . 
 i think i know where that is . 
 i 've visited that place so many times i 've lost count . '' 
 i wish i could do that . 
 but i ca n't , because i know nothing of this place . 
 and rian is showing megan their inventions ? 
 that 's not fair . 
 i got a psycho like rob to show me . 
 why could n't rian have showed me first ? 
 that way i would have had a great reason to decline rob 's offer . 
 i spot janelle walking not too far away from us . 
 she 's heading in our direction . 
 as verity and i close the distance between her , i see janelle 's walking with something brown and furry in front of her . 
 something small . 
 and it seems to be a living creature . 
 verity notices it too and squints her eyes . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 is that a - '' `` dog ? '' 
 i finish for her . 
 it is . 
 it 's scurrying in front of janelle and barely passing her . 
 if she had just increased her speed , the leash around the dogs neck would 've tightened and she would have been dragging it across the floor . 
 `` dog ? '' 
 verity echoes . 
 her eyes widen . 
 `` it 's a puppy ! 
 oh my gosh , i have n't seen those in like ... forever ! '' 
 she forgets her sister and her kid side takes over . 
 she 's running toward the dog in excitement , startling a calm janelle . 
 janelle stops walking and i hear verity ask , `` where did you get her ? '' 
 janelle clears her throat as i reach them and says , `` it 's a he . 
 we 've had him for a month now . 
 dogs need their exercise , you know . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 verity kneels down and starts petting the dog 's furry head without getting janelle 's permission first . 
 janelle looks displeased and tries to tug the dog away from verity . 
 she 's getting a little too possessive over the animal . 
 verity does n't seem to notice . 
 she continues stroking the dog 's back . 
 `` um . '' 
 janelle clears her throat again . 
 `` could you ... could you please stop touching it ? '' 
 she waves her hands at verity , expecting her to move away . 
 `` the dog needs his space . '' 
 verity immediately backs down . 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's just ... i have n't seen a dog in forever . '' 
 she looks up at janelle . 
 `` what other animals do you have ? '' 
 i imagine hundreds of animals isolated in containers , frozen in place and waiting to be thawed . 
 just the thought makes me shiver inwardly . 
 i have no problems with people . 
 why animals ? 
 `` i 'm not too comfortable with giving that type of information out to you , '' janelle says . 
 `` our experiments are n't for you to be part of . '' 
 just briefly , i catch her eyes darting to me before she adds in a murmur . 
 `` unless you 're some people . '' 
 and what is that supposed to mean ? 
 i quickly forget about it after verity jumps to her feet and apologizes for touching the dog . 
 janelle completely ignores her and continues walking like nothing ever happened . 
 the small dog struggles to run by her side . 
 verity has a huge smile on her face as we watch janelle and the dog leave . 
 `` now that 's just adorable . 
 i 'm gon na have to ask welds where they keep all of the animals . 
 i need one . '' 
 `` no you do n't , '' i mutter . 
 she does n't hear me and asks for a repeat . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 we continue down the hallway in silence and i 'm assuming verity is leading me to the room where her sister , megan , is . 
 verity leads the way and i try to memorize where everything is . 
 it 's hard because all of the doors look the same . 
 there are no turns in this large hallway . 
 all we do is go forward . 
 the only turn i 've seen so far is the one that leads into the corridor with the bedrooms . 
 finally , we stop at a door and verity 's hand hovers over the doorknob for a few seconds before she pulls the door open . 
 we enter a familiar room . 
 there are only two people inside . 
 rian and megan . 
 megan is in the middle of putting sunglasses over her eyes when verity and i enter . 
 verity and megan both freeze when they see each other . 
 the glasses in megan 's hand nearly fall to the floor but she does n't seem to be paying attention to them . 
 rian casts me a look and i shrug . 
 megan is the first one to speak but verity it the first one to move . 
 she throws her arms around megan while her sister starts muttering , `` you 're alive ? 
 how-how-how-when ? '' 
 verity does n't pull away from megan yet . 
 `` two months , '' she tells her . 
 `` they never told me you 're alive . '' 
 when they pull away , i see megan has been crying . 
 when she raises her right hand to wipe her eyes , verity lets out a small gasp . 
 she snatches megan 's wrist and stares at the tattoo around her fingers . 
 stuttering , verity asks , `` w-w-w-what is t-this ? '' 
 her head snaps to me and she points a fierce finger in my direction . 
 `` show me your right hand . '' 
 i come over to her and lift my right hand . 
 she snatches it , her nails digging into my skin , and examines my tattoo . 
 her first `` no '' is quiet . 
 when she repeats it , it 's filled with hate . 
 she drops my hand and i 'm perplexed . 
 is she freaking out ? 
 `` rian , '' she says firmly . 
 `` show me your hand . '' 
 reluctantly , rian steps forward and lifts his hand up , showing his tattoo . 
 verity 's mouth turns into a thin line and she starts shaking her head , her eyes focused on megan , who looks scared . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 megan asks her sister . 
 she lifts her tattooed hand . 
 `` what does this mean ? '' 
 i find myself nodding . 
 `` yes , verity . 
 what does the tattoo mean ? '' 
 i was curious before and i 'm curious now . 
 verity does n't stop shaking her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but at least three people carrying it must symbolize something . '' 
 `` there are more of us , '' rian says , indicating his tattooed hand . 
 `` four more . '' 
 `` four more ? '' 
 verity looks as if she 's about to faint . 
 her hand goes to her face . 
 `` that i know of , '' rian adds . 
 verity 's eyes widen and she repeats , `` that you know of ? '' 
 she wraps her hands around her own neck and pretends to strangle herself . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` verity . '' 
 megan snaps her fingers in front of verity 's face . 
 `` verity . 
 it 's fine . 
 i 'm fine . 
 they have done nothing to me . '' 
 verity grabs megan 's wrist again . 
 `` then what does this mark mean ? '' 
 she asks her . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 megan shakes her head and yanks her wrist out of verity 's grip . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she gestures to me and rian . 
 `` they would n't tell me . '' 
 i point to myself just as rian is about to step up . 
 `` we , '' i say , `` do n't know anything about it . 
 we would 've told you already . '' 
 rian said he does n't know what the tattoos stand for . 
 i do n't know if i should believe him or not . 
 he 's part of these `` bringing people back from the dead '' projects . 
 they could have told him to keep this confidential . 
 `` i have n't seen anyone with these marks , '' verity spits , pointing to megan 's tattoo . 
 `` i do n't know how new this is but - '' rian cuts in with , `` it 's been around for three years . 
 one of the members of our group has been here for three years . 
 he has the same mark . 
 he 's the first one to have this . 
 that i know of . '' 
 verity might not know what rian means by `` group . '' 
 i would tell her it 's the tattooed people but she does n't seem like she 's in the mood to listen to me . 
 verity scoffs . 
 `` i do n't need your ` that i know of ' garbage . '' 
 she wraps her arms around herself . 
 `` i just want to get out of here . '' 
 megan says , `` i was told we 're never getting out . 
 the air is - '' verity waves a hand to stop her . 
 `` i know , i know , i know . '' 
 she goes silent and stares at the empty wall behind megan . 
 `` is it boring here ? '' 
 megan asks , directing the question to me . 
 i shrug , not able to answer it . 
 i 've only been here for three or four days , i do n't know what life is like underground . 
 it was boring at first ... rian answers for me , `` it 's not boring . 
 you have to be grateful you 're alive and pretend this is your regular home . 
 you just never get to see what 's outside , that 's all . '' 
 is that what he lives by ? 
 `` can you drive here ? '' 
 megan asks . 
 `` it 's possible , yes , '' rian 's laughs . 
 `` but there 's no such thing as earning your drivers license and following road rules . 
 here , you ca n't use a vehicle unless you 're part of a certain business . '' 
 he points to me . 
 `` like carrying boxes for instance . '' 
 `` i 'll be able to drive something ? '' 
 i ask . 
 that 's interesting . 
 i might actually be excited for my job now . 
 when will i start ? 
 i want to ask . 
 `` fly or drive . '' 
 verity crosses her arms . 
 `` i have n't seen a vehicle yet . 
 neither have i seen animals . 
 until today . '' 
 nobody 's listening to her . 
 even megan is absorbed in what rian has to say to us . 
 megan continues asking questions . 
 `` how old do you have to be to drive ? '' 
 `` older than ten , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` how old to get a job ? '' 
 rian shrugs . 
 `` older than seven . '' 
 megan continues bombarding rian with the questions , which i presume she still wants to continue with her tour . 
 i guess meeting her sister is n't interesting enough . 
 annoyed , verity pulls me out of the room and starts muttering under breath . 
 i can hear some of her words but they 're not clear enough for me to understand what she is talking about . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` you wanted to meet your sister so bad but now ... you just leave because you 're angry ? '' 
 verity breathes out and itches her nose . 
 `` i just need some time to cool off . 
 she 's obviously not happy enough to see me healthy and alive . '' 
 `` you 're the one who freaked out . 
 she was glad to see you , '' i say . 
 she just shakes her head . 
 `` i just do n't want my sister to be their experiment . '' 
 are n't we all experiments ? 
 verity does n't take us back to our job . 
 instead , she heads over to the same room janelle and i had went to in order to talk to mr. welds or welds about my job . 
 it 's empty this time and i start wondering if maybe it 's some sort of lounge . 
 she plops down onto one of the couches . 
 the mugs welds and mr. welds had previously used were no longer there . 
 she droops her arm over the couch 's arm and sighs . 
 `` sit down , '' she tells me , kicking in the direction of the other white couch . 
 `` relax . '' 
 i do n't sit down . 
 that 's because i believe i have better things to do other than sit around and do nothing . 
 i mean , i 'm finally useful in some way . 
 `` verity ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she slips her shoes off and swings her legs onto the couch . 
 `` you do realize we have a job to finish ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 back in the room with the bags , she had told me to do my job instead of tossing the bags around . 
 i 'm telling her the same thing . 
 go do your job . 
 verity spreads herself across the couch and folds her hands over her stomach . 
 `` i 've been doing my job for two months . '' 
 `` since when did you get so lazy ? '' 
 `` since i first woke up . 
 two months ago . '' 
 `` wo n't they punish you for skipping work ? '' 
 verity closes her eyes and shrugs . 
 `` no . 
 they 're not that strict . 
 besides , i do n't get paid . '' 
 `` that 's all you want to work for ? 
 money ? '' 
 she looks at me . 
 `` is n't that the purpose of work ? 
 would n't you ? '' 
 yes . 
 but also to earn people 's trust . 
 she closes her eyes again when she sees i wo n't answer . 
 `` you 're welcome to go back there . '' 
 her voice turns sarcastic . 
 `` i 'm sure they will notice you 're missing in a room filled with a hundred people . '' 
 she smirks . 
 `` because you 're that special . '' 
 i walk out of the room and shut the door behind me a little to hard . 
 i 'm not angry . 
 i just was n't expecting the door to close that easily . 
 somewhere in the distance -lrb- because this large hallway does nothing but go straight -rrb- , i spot two familiar figures . 
 rian and megan . 
 megan seems to be skipping , looking a little too happy as they near me . 
 she waves at me . 
 i do n't wave back . 
 rian notices verity 's not with me . 
 once they both reach me , he asks , `` what happened to the other girl ? 
 did she leave you ? '' 
 `` did she die ? '' 
 i hear megan mutter under her breath . 
 i answer rian 's question and ignore megan . 
 `` no . 
 i left her alone . 
 she wanted to relax . '' 
 `` what 's her name ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 `` i think i remember her from somewhere . '' 
 `` verity , '' megan and i say in unison . 
 we exchange glances and she smiles . 
 i do n't . 
 turning back to rian , i say , `` i have a job , so i might as well finish it . '' 
 in the end though , i decide to stick with the tour rian is giving megan . 
 it 's takes more time to finish it than the one rian gave me . 
 at least i learn a few things . 
 like where janelle 's office is located . 
 i feel proud of myself . 
 i 'm slowly learning how to find each room . 
 slowly , but surely . 
 we find ourselves spending the day with megan . 
 she does n't seem to care about her sister at all . 
 she seems to have forgotten about the tattoos because she does n't mention them again . 
 she tells us she 's been classified with the number 42-21 , which reminds me of my classification : 42-2 . 
 i guess she was the next person to be brought back to life after me . 
 we eat lunch outside the cafeteria while we talk . 
 rian seems to be having fun because he 's smiling all the time . 
 and i have completely lost interest in my job . 
 megan actually gets comfortable enough to start asking us personal questions like : `` what year were you born in ? '' 
 `` 2024 , '' i answer . 
 rian says his year is 2023 , which made him one year older than me in the past . 
 now , he 's three years older since he 's lived two years more than i did . 
 `` when 's your birthday ? '' 
 megan asks . 
 `` i-uh ... '' i trail off , completely clueless to the answer . 
 i know the year i was born but i have no clue what month or day it was . 
 i 'm not even sure if they have months here anymore . 
 does megan even know she 's in the future ? 
 rian answers with , `` i think mine is somewhere in february . '' 
 i do n't answer and they do n't press me . 
 `` you think ? 
 do n't you remember ? '' 
 megan asks . 
 `` mine 's in june 15th , 2017 , '' she adds proudly . 
 `` did someone tell you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 megan shakes her head . 
 `` how could anyone forget their own birthday ? 
 what month is is , anyway ? '' 
 that 's what i 'm wondering . 
 rians says , `` october , i think . 
 you 're gon na have to ask welds if you 're curious . 
 he keeps track of the days . '' 
 i decide to take a risk asking megan , `` you do know what year it is , do n't you ? '' 
 i do n't know the exact year but i know we 're somewhere past the year i died . 
 i think . 
 megan nods and says casually , `` dr. janelle told me we 're in year 2075 . '' 
 she gives me an innocent smile and does n't seem bothered by this at all . 
 my mouth nearly drops open . 
 `` 2075 ? '' 
 but that 's - that 's - that 's - `` i was surprised at first , too , '' megan says , still smiling . 
 `` then i just accepted it . '' 
 i look away from her . 
 year 2075 ? 
 does that mean i 'm really old ? 
 rian tells us we were to meet jack welds again for dinner . 
 i groan with annoyance but megan seems excited . 
 it does n't take me long to get myself ready , but once i do , addison -- the girl who 's part of the dinner group -- helped me get megan ready . 
 addison is the one who provided a dress for megan . 
 the dinner with mr. welds is as dull as last time . 
 when megan meets mr. welds , greeting him by shaking his hand and saying hello . 
 fox -- the guy who 's part of the group as well -- behaves the same way he did last time . 
 at the dinner meeting , i know megan notices everyone has the same tattoos , but she keeps quiet and does n't ask about them . 
 either rian told her not to , or she feels no need to ask . 
 no one would answer her question anyway . 
 by the time the dinner ends , i have trouble keeping my eyes open . 
 i walk to my room alone , trying to rub at my eyes . 
 i 'm practically sleep-walking . 
 i do n't know if rian and the others are in front or behind me . 
 i 'm too tired to look around . 
 in the large hallway , the lights have dimmed and it 's empty again . 
 without knowing how , i find myself in my bedroom , kicking off my shoes . 
 the time reads 10:04 pm . 
 i think i 'll be able to fall asleep this time . 
 i change out of my black dress and throw on jeans and a tank top . 
 sleep comes quickly and i find myself lost in a dream . 
 the dreams ends as soon as i hear a creak . 
 at first , i think i 'm aboveground again and glass is shattering on me . 
 but when my eyes fly open , i 'm lying on my side , tangled up in the blanket on my bed . 
 the digital clock is in front of me , it 's numbers glowing green in my face . 
 i squint at the time . 
 2:24 am . 
 it 's still late . 
 stupid noise . 
 i flip over on my back and run my hands through my face . 
 then , i see a silhouetted figure . 
 a wheelchair is in the middle of my room . 
 how did it get there ? 
 someone is in the seat , drumming their fingers on the wheelchair 's arm , staring at me . 
 i nearly shriek as i shoot out of the bed , noticing i 'm wearing jeans and a tank top . 
 the tank top makes me feel exposed . 
 a low laugh escapes from the figure in the wheelchair . 
 when my eyes adjust to the dark , i finally see who it is . 
 i nearly faint . 
 `` hey there , '' rob says , a cruel smile appearing on his face . 
 chapter 14 vivian rob 's fingers continue to drum on the wheelchair 's arm as he watches me . 
 he does n't stand up . 
 i want to run . 
 i just do n't know which way to go . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 i squeak out , backing away from him . 
 i want as much distance between us as possible . 
 the exit door is behind him so if i want to run for it , i ca n't . 
 he could jump out at me while i 'm doing that . 
 rob remains seated . 
 `` you 're not the only one with access to your room , '' he says . 
 his voice . 
 it 's just so frightening . 
 my heart feels like it 's about to break out of my chest . 
 he scares me so , so much . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 my voice trembles . 
 `` i did n't do anything to you . '' 
 rob shrugs and my eyes dart around the room , looking for a lightswitch . 
 maybe the cameras are watching . 
 `` you did something to someone else . 
 i do n't want to live in the same building as my father 's murderer . '' 
 `` i did n't kill anyone , '' i say through gritted teeth . 
 `` you 're sick . 
 i do n't understand why you 'd think i 'd do anything like that . 
 i 've only been here for four days . 
 why would i kill anyone ? '' 
 rob 's fingers stop drumming the wheelchair 's arm for a second . 
 he chuckles , then they continue drumming again . 
 `` no , vivian , no . 
 you killed someone thirty years ago . '' 
 there is silence for a moment as i ponder over this . 
 `` thirty years ago ? '' 
 i hiss angrily . 
 i point to myself . 
 `` you care that i killed someone thirty years ago ? '' 
 rob looks like he 's about to jump out of the wheelchair and i instantly fear for my life . 
 `` my father . '' 
 his voices raises . 
 `` you murdered my father . '' 
 i want to throw a pillow at rob 's face but i know it wo n't do much damage . 
 it 'll just anger him even more . 
 `` for the last time , '' i say , emphasizing each word , `` i did not kill anyone . '' 
 his anger suddenly vanishes and a sinister smile replaces it . 
 `` have you wondered why you 've forgotten everything about your past ? '' 
 i keep my mouth shut . 
 rob continues . 
 `` you do n't know who you used to be . 
 you do n't remember how you died . 
 you do n't remember your childhood . 
 you do n't remember your friends . 
 you do n't - '' `` i get it , '' i cut in harshly . 
 `` maybe because they do n't want you to know who you were . 
 maybe they want you to - '' `` let go of the past and start over , '' i finish for him , quoting mr. welds . 
 `` precisely . '' 
 i know it 's not a very good idea to ask him this . 
 he might not answer . 
 i say it anyway . 
 `` then who was i ? '' 
 rob pulls a thin object out of his sleeve and i catch a glimpse of a glimmer of a blade . 
 my heart just stops . 
 a knife . 
 he 's brought a knife here . 
 casually , he starts flipping it over in his hands . 
 `` it 's tempting to tell you , vivian , it really is . 
 but ... i ca n't . 
 i was told to keep it quiet . 
 that if - '' `` y-you have no proof . '' 
 my voice quivers and i hate it . 
 in the dark , i see a look of surprise cross rob 's expression . 
 `` proof of what ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i swallow . 
 `` that i-that i killed your father . 
 that 's not possible . '' 
 then i find myself shaking my head without stopping and my heart starts hammering even harder in my chest . 
 my eyes look around the room , looking for something to use against rob . 
 weapon , weapon , weapon . 
 my shoes are by the door , behind rob . 
 i ca n't reach those . 
 there are no lamps but there is a nightstand . 
 i doubt i 'll be able to have the strength to throw it at rob , though . 
 there 's the cube-shaped phone . 
 i could use that ... my hand reaches for it and rob hops to his feet . 
 `` and what exactly are you doing ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i suck in a breath and my hand freezes , hovering over the object . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 rob shrugs . 
 `` standing . '' 
 `` and so am i. '' `` i 'm not too comfortable with you reaching for that phone over there . '' 
 he gestures with the knife to the phone my hand is hovering over . 
 `` i 'm not too comfortable with you holding that knife , '' i snap back at him , gesturing to the knife in his hand . 
 he shrugs again and says in a demanding voice , `` back away from the phone . '' 
 i disobey . 
 i snatch the phone from the nightstand and fling it at rob . 
 he was expecting it so he leans out of the way as soon as i throw it . 
 the cube misses him and crashes into the wall behind him , leaving a dent . 
 dang it . 
 he has a knife . 
 why not just throw it at me ? 
 what 's he waiting for ? 
 he takes a small step toward me and i take a small step back . 
 there 's no more room for me to back up so i run into the nightstand . 
 he does n't move again . 
 and i wasted my only weapon . 
 `` w-what do you want ? '' 
 i ask , sidling closer to the kitchen . 
 i could grab a knife from there . 
 i could run at him . 
 i could poke his eyes out . 
 i could - `` to avenge my father 's death , '' he says . 
 those words nearly bring my beating heart to a complete stop . 
 literally . 
 i ca n't - `` i. . . 
 i did n't kill him . '' 
 i 'm trembling so hard i do n't think i 'll be able to hold myself up any longer . 
 i never killed anyone . 
 he takes another step forward and all i 'm doing is focusing on the knife grasped in his hand . 
 `` evidence says otherwise , '' he says . 
 `` what evidence ? '' 
 i inch to the side again . 
 rob sees me but he does n't try to stop me . 
 he raises his eyebrows instead . 
 he starts counting off on his fingers as he says , `` documents , possible witnesses , cameras , audi - '' hold on . 
 `` cameras ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 so once you see it with your own eyes , you 're bound to believe it , '' rob says . 
 i shake my head but it 's not supposed to mean anything . 
 they 'd kept 30 year old footage of a murder ? 
 i feel as if i 'm going crazy . 
 i actually believe the words of a maniac ? 
 `` but do n't worry , '' rob continues . 
 `` after you assassinated my father , they got rid of you . 
 but i want you out of this world forever . 
 assassinated . 
 that 's the only word that stays in my head after rob finishes his sentence . 
 `` so , '' rob lets out a breath , sounding as if he 's concluding a speech . 
 `` i have the power to take your life away . '' 
 `` you have no authority . '' 
 i attempt to spit at his face but it does n't go far . 
 he just laughs and takes another step toward me . 
 `` i do . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` i created your heart . '' 
 whether it 's true or not , i suddenly feel like i 'm suffocating ... because i have a heart that was formed with rob 's hands . 
 i want to doubt his words but i know these scientists are capable of many things . 
 creating hearts could be one of them . 
 `` surprised ? '' 
 rob asks when i do n't say anything . 
 i remain silent and rob continues , `` you could think of yourself as ` special ' - '' he makes a face at the word ` special ' - `` because you 're one of seven people who had their heart made for them . '' 
 he points to my hand . 
 `` and i 'll give you a hint . 
 your tattoo is involved in this . '' 
 i take a quick glance at the tattoo on my right hand . 
 such an intricate design . 
 did they spend hours drawing this ? 
 but how is it involved ... ? 
 it suddenly comes to me . 
 i 've only seen seven people with these tattoos . 
 rob just said seven people had man-made hearts . 
 so these do mark us in some way . 
 hearts . 
 we have synthetic hearts . 
 how - ? 
 `` you 're experiments . '' 
 he lifts his knife into the air and takes another step forward . 
 i move to the side again and i 'm a foot away from the kitchen . 
 there are no knives in sight . 
 i ca n't use those as a weapon against rob . 
 i doubt i even have a second to look through the kitchen drawers before he might pounce on me . 
 my eyes land on two of those silverware objects i had trouble using at first . 
 they 're spread out on the counter . 
 how exactly did they get there ? 
 rob peeks into the kitchen too . 
 he spots the objects too and clicks his tongue . 
 `` now , vivian . 
 really ? '' 
 i do n't say anything and turn back to look at rob so i would look as if i 'm not planning on going for the silverware . 
 if he 's going to kill me , why not do it now ? 
 he decides to stroll into the kitchen . 
 to turn his back on me . 
 that 's a mistake . 
 i 'm instantly on him , wrapping my hands around his neck . 
 he nearly drops the knife he 's holding in surprise . 
 i cling to his back and squeeze his neck harder as he thrashes around , trying to pry me off of him . 
 i slam my fist into the side of his head but he still remains standing . 
 `` let go of me ! '' 
 he screams , running backward into the wall . 
 `` you leave me alone ! '' 
 i shriek into his ear . 
 people must have heard us by now . 
 he slams me into the wall so i 'm forced to let go . 
 as soon as i do , he takes a wheezing breath . 
 no . 
 if i held on for a little bit longer , he would 've blacked out . 
 he starts swinging the knife at me and instantly , my life flashes before my eyes . 
 this is it . 
 i 'm dead meat . 
 i roll toward him with my eyes shut . 
 in a second , i 've collided with his legs and he falls to the floor . 
 i 'm up on my feet and my fist manages to meet his face three times before he kicks me off of him . 
 i stumble back and run for it . 
 there 's no blood . 
 i got lucky . 
 i have no scratch on me . 
 i know i have time . 
 he 's not as agile as i thought he was going to be . 
 it might take him five seconds to stand up and get himself together . 
 that 's enough for me to run out the door . 
 the lights in the hallway are out . 
 while i sprint in the direction of rian 's room , i glance behind me to make sure rob is n't following me . 
 i do n't see him anywhere and i wonder if he gave up chasing me . 
 but why would he ? 
 i 'm out of breath by the time i reach rian 's door . 
 rob has n't followed me anywhere and i 'm starting to get suspicious . 
 maybe he 's waiting for me to come back to my room ? 
 i pound on rian 's door and stop , counting to fifteen . 
 it does n't open . 
 i pound on it again and wait . 
 this time , after thirty seconds , its slides open and rian stands there , looking completely worn out . 
 he 's wearing a white sweatshirt along with his regular jeans . 
 `` waz goin ' on ? '' 
 he mumbles , running a hand over his face . 
 my eyes scan the corridor one last time before i squeeze past rian and step into his room without asking for permission first . 
 his room is dark too and i strain my eyes to see where i 'm going . 
 at least his room 's clean so i would n't trip over anything . 
 `` vivian , what 's going on ? 
 why are you here ? '' 
 he flicks the light on , completely awake now . 
 the room instantly turns bright and i 'm blinded for a second . 
 the door slides closed but i know i 'm not safe yet . 
 if rob had access to my room , he would surely have access to rian 's . 
 `` it 's - it 's rob , '' i breath . 
 `` he tried to attack me . 
 he 's in my room , rian . '' 
 `` in your - ? 
 hang on . '' 
 rian pauses and narrows his eyes . 
 `` you 're telling me he barged into your room and - '' `` i woke up in the middle of the night and he was there . '' 
 i pause to catch a breath . 
 then i start rambling on without stopping . 
 `` he started saying all of these things about creating hearts and the tattoos and how he made the heart i have inside of me and how seven of us have - '' rian puts a hand up , indicating for me to stop talking . 
 i disregard it . 
 `` - those tattoos and he said i killed his father when i do n't even remember - '' `` vivian , '' i hear his voice say . 
 but i 'm too focused on finishing what i have to say to listen to him . 
 `` - killing him and he said there were cameras and - '' my heart rate increases as i think of rob bashing rian 's door down . 
 i take a step back to increase the distance between me and the door just as soon as rian takes a step toward me . 
 but wait ... how would he know i ran into rian 's room ? 
 `` vivian , '' he says again . 
 `` stop for a second . '' 
 i 'm not able to stop . 
 i 've gotten this far so i might as well finish it . 
 `` - they recorded me assassinating his father and it 's like i got paid for it and - '' rian closes the distance between us and grabs my wrists . 
 `` stop , '' he says firmly . 
 i finally shut my mouth and he lets go , taking a few steps back to let me have my own space . 
 `` sorry , '' i whisper . 
 `` what happened to rob ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i decide to talk slowly , `` i left him in my room and ran . '' 
 rian nods . 
 `` you said he attacked you and he had a knife . '' 
 rian 's not panicking . 
 why is n't he worried ? 
 this is a huge deal . 
 he 's going to hurt me sooner or later . 
 he has a knife with him . 
 i doubt he wants to use it to cook dinner . 
 `` i attacked him first , '' i admit . 
 rian waves my honest reply away and says , `` he 's not supposed to be in your room in the first place . 
 with a knife . '' 
 rob 's a psycho , i know that much . 
 and the people who let him do this are crazy as well . 
 did he plan it all himself ? 
 does janelle know that rob wanted to kill me ? 
 i point to the door , feeling like a child who 's afraid of monsters under the bed . 
 `` someone should lock him up . '' 
 my voice comes out a squeak . 
 rian lets out a laugh and i do n't understand why he thinks this is funny . 
 he takes a breath . 
 `` out of all people , you came to me as if i could solve anything . '' 
 `` you were the closest one . 
 i do n't exactly know where piers ' room is . 
 besides ... i 'm hiding . '' 
 he shrugs and sits down on the floor . 
 i sit down on his bed . 
 `` sorry if i woke you , '' i say quietly . 
 `` you did . '' 
 silence . 
 then , `` what did you mean by rob creating your heart ? 
 i 've never heard of anything like that . '' 
 i shrug and hold up my tattooed hand . 
 `` i do n't understand it either . 
 everyone marked with this has them . 
 rob said that . '' 
 `` and you believe him ? '' 
 rian looks down at his own hand , then places two fingers on his wrist . 
 why would he be feeling his pulse ? 
 i nod and clasp my hands together . 
 there 's a light knock on the door and both my and rian 's heads shoot up . 
 we exchange a glance before rian stands up . 
 cautiously . 
 thoughts start running through my head . 
 it 's rob , it 's rob , it 's rob . 
 how does he know i 'm here ? 
 is he using the glasses ? 
 do n't open the door . 
 `` do n't open that , '' i hiss under my breath . 
 `` i do n't want to , '' rians whispers back . 
 he switches the light off and backs away until he 's by my side . 
 the faint knocking continues . 
 it 's so quiet it almost scares me . 
 then a familiar voice yells from the other side , `` open the damn door ! '' 
 it 's rob . 
 chapter 15 vivian how did he find me ? 
 that 's my first thought . 
 how did he know i 'm hiding here ? 
 there are so many doors that i could have gone through , and he instantly decided to go to this one ? 
 the knocking continues along with rob 's voice . 
 `` i do n't think you 'd want to see a blade through your door . 
 open up and we wo n't have any problems . '' 
 `` so he does have a knife , '' rian whispers . 
 did n't i tell him that ? 
 he must have not believed me . 
 there 's a bash and i do n't doubt rob had just attempted to kick at the door . 
 `` open this so we can talk , '' his voices says . 
 rian sighs , then pulls me into the kitchen . 
 he starts rattling off a few things . 
 `` stay here , do n't turn the light on , and do n't speak . 
 i 'm going to go check on rob and see what 's going on with him . 
 i do n't want him standing outside my door throughout the whole night . '' 
 he turns around and heads for the door , where the soft knocking has started again . 
 `` no , no , no , no , no , '' i whisper , trying to stop rian . 
 but he does n't listen to me . 
 knowing i wo n't be able to do anything , i back away farther into the kitchen and conceal myself in the shadows . 
 after a few more seconds , i hear the door slide open . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 rian sounds tired again and i 'm sure he 's doing that on purpose . 
 rob needs to think rian had just woken up . 
 rob 's voice follows . 
 `` something has occurred . '' 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 rian sounds curious . 
 `` it 's about vivian . '' 
 i laugh to myself . 
 then i instantly remember rob wants to kill me and my smile vanishes . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 i crouch down and press myself against the wall as silently as possible . 
 i 'm not too sure if rob has entered rian 's room yet . 
 there 's a chance he 's still in the hallway . 
 rob answers with , `` i was doing my nightly patrol when i spotted her in the hallway . 
 she threw something at me and ran off . '' 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 did he really just say that ? 
 i hear rian laugh . 
 `` what does that have to do with me ? 
 this is n't anything major . 
 i see people throwing things at each other all the time . '' 
 i hear rob take a deep breath . 
 `` she yelled something about you before she ran . '' 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 rian prompts . 
 `` she said you were the worst tour guide she has ever met and she wants nothing to do with you . '' 
 rian does n't answer right away . 
 it 's silent for a few seconds . 
 then , `` i do n't care about her so her words do n't mean anything to me . '' 
 i hold my breath and wait . 
 rian sounds like he meant what he just said . 
 or he 's just acting . 
 does he actually believe rob ? 
 i know i never said anything like that so rob must be making this up ... or quoting someone else . 
 i consider rian as a friend . 
 he 's like the only person who talks to me everyday . 
 i do n't want him to be angry with me . 
 it 's silent again until rian speaks up . 
 `` what did you want exactly ? '' 
 `` your glasses . '' 
 i press myself tighter against the wall as if that could hide me more . 
 `` i do n't have glasses , '' rian says . 
 `` not for your eyes , '' rob exclaims . 
 `` the map . 
 hand them over . '' 
 so rob did n't use the map glasses to find me . 
 he came here to ask for some from rian . 
 but of all people , why rian ? 
 i guess they must have been good friends once . 
 once ? 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` just trying to find a room , that 's all , '' rob says . 
 i hear rian scoff . 
 `` you 've been living here your whole life . 
 should n't you know your way around by now ? '' 
 `` i ... '' a pause . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 i 'm trying to look for someone . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` some gi . . 
 uh . . 
 guy . 
 it 's ... his birthday . '' 
 i turn my head around , trying to look for a cupboard i could hide in . 
 it 'll be a tight fit but it 's better to stay hidden inside something . 
 just as i 'm about to move toward a cupboard , i hear the sound of the door sliding closed . 
 then a bash . 
 it 's as if someone tried to punch a fist into the door . 
 or kick it . 
 i freeze . 
 it 'll be a good idea not to move , i decide . 
 `` what exactly are you doing ? '' 
 rian exclaims . 
 `` you tried to close the door on me ! '' 
 `` it 's two o’clock in the morning , '' rian says . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving , '' rob yells suddenly . 
 then there 's a sound of someone barging through the door . 
 `` i know she 's in here . '' 
 rian sounds clueless but i know he 's doing it on purpose . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the girl . 
 vivian . '' 
 i scramble to the farthest corner in the kitchen , behind a table , and pull my knees to my chest . 
 he wo n't come in here , he wo n't come in here , he wo n't come in here . 
 ah , who am i kidding ? 
 of course he 'll come in here . 
 i breath in as soundlessly as i can and wait . 
 there 's nothing else i can do . 
 rob still has his knife . 
 i ca n't stop him from stabbing me or rian . 
 i hope rian will be fine . 
 `` i can assure you , '' rian says , `` vivian is not in here . 
 what makes you think that ? '' 
 the light in the bedroom flicks on but i do n't move . 
 he 'll reach the kitchen soon . 
 `` do n't lie to me , callum , '' rob snaps . 
 `` the map on my glasses marked her location . '' 
 so he did use the glasses to find me just like i tried using them to find welds . 
 what a liar . 
 i 'm trying not to panic as i hear footsteps . 
 it 's not clear to me if they 're coming closer or they 're just wandering around the other room . 
 `` so you had your own glasses all along ? '' 
 i hear rian ask . 
 i do n't take my eyes off the kitchen doorway . 
 rob might step through it soon . 
 `` of course i did , callum , '' rob says . 
 i 'm right . 
 he will come in . 
 his figure sets foot into the kitchen and i freeze , hoping he wo n't see me . 
 i 'm partially concealed behind the table . 
 do n't see me . 
 please do n't see me . 
 it does n't work . 
 he spots me right away . 
 and rian swings an object at rob 's head . 
 rob 's body collapses onto the ground but i remain frozen . 
 he 's not dead , but unconscious . 
 `` t-that 's it ? '' 
 i ask in a whisper . 
 `` that 's all it took for him to go down ? '' 
 `` it surprises me too . '' 
 rian drops the object onto the kitchen counter and i see it 's a tablet . 
 it still looks intact even though it just collided with rob 's head . 
 `` i thought his head was tougher than that . '' 
 i 'm calm enough now to jump on my feet . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i ask rian . 
 he starts brushing his sweatshirt off even though there 's nothing to brush off . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he says . 
 he does n't turn the kitchen light on but motions me out of the kitchen instead . 
 i hop over rob 's limp form without staring at it for too long . 
 i do n't want to get sick . 
 he reminds me of a dead body . 
 `` what will we do with him ? '' 
 i ask rian as he picks rob 's knife off the floor . 
 `` lock him up ? '' 
 my voice sounds too hopeful . 
 rian shrugs and sets the knife down next to the tablet he had used on rob 's head . 
 `` we 'll need to report this , at least . 
 i do n't think you 'd want to let this go . '' 
 he mutters something about rob going crazy . 
 i silently agree with him . 
 i start wondering how long rob will remain unconscious for . 
 we do n't have too much time . 
 rob 's blow to the head was n't powerful enough to knock him out for a couple of hours . 
 we probably have only a few minutes . 
 rian kneels down to search rob 's body . 
 what for , i do n't know exactly . 
 once he stands back up , i see he has pulled out a pair of glasses from rob 's pockets . 
 that must have been what he was searching for . 
 he walks over to the cube-shaped phone resting on his nightstand and starts dialing a number . 
 we wait for a few seconds before a deep voice answers . 
 `` need any assistance ? '' 
 rian glances at rob 's unconscious body and waves a hand toward him . 
 `` watch him , '' he tells me . 
 while still listening to the conversation , i slowly make my way over to rob 's body . 
 he 's spread out across the floor , with his face pressed against the kitchen tiles . 
 that must hurt , falling straight on your face . 
 i hold my breath as i reach his body . 
 i feel like he 's going to wake up soon so i snatch the tablet from the counter , just incase . 
 `` we have a problem over here , '' rian is saying to the phone . 
 i do n't take my eyes off rob 's face . 
 if it twitches , i 'm dropping the tablet over his head . 
 or i could kick him ... `` what problem ? '' 
 the man 's voice replies from the phone . 
 i cringe . 
 his voice is loud . 
 could that wake rob ? 
 `` robin garmin is unconscious , '' rian says . 
 there is a long pause before a voice starts talking . 
 but instead of the man 's voice , a very familiar female voice replaces it . 
 `` robin garmin ? '' 
 it 's janelle . 
 my head snaps up to look at rian . 
 he looks surprised . 
 on the phone , janelle clears her throat when no one answers . 
 `` excuse me . 
 what happened to rob ? '' 
 she sounds worried . 
 i want to tell her what happened with rob just so she knows how violent her boyfriend is . 
 maybe she 'll break up with him after this , if she 's not in on what rob wants to do with me , of course . 
 a quiet groan comes from rob 's body and i immediately jump away , grabbing the knife off the table . 
 it 's too late to knock him out . 
 i realize i do n't have the guts to hit someone hard on the head . 
 his arm starts to move out from under him and i turn to rian to see if he has noticed rob 's awakening . 
 he has . 
 he 's watching him as he quickly says into the phone , `` nothing 's happened . 
 he 's fine . '' 
 janelle does n't buy it . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 she asks again . 
 `` you said he 's unconscious . 
 what happened ? '' 
 rian ends the conversation with , `` rob 's not exactly sane right now . 
 he 's plotting to kill vivian . '' 
 he hangs up before snatching the tablet out of my hands . 
 rob is slowly getting to his feet , pain on his face as he presses a hand to his head . 
 he 's in too much pain to focus on us . 
 before he can raise himself further , rian has already swung the tablet over rob 's head . 
 rob collapses onto the ground again and i want to laugh with relief and say the most cliched line ever : my hero . 
 but i remain silent . 
 rian laughs for me . 
 `` i overpowered a thirty year old guy . 
 twice . '' 
 the phone starts beeping and i know someone 's calling rian . 
 he strolls over to the phone and answers it . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i 'm not exactly sure if it 's possible to check who 's calling you before you pick up the phone . 
 from my experiences , i think not . 
 you 'd just have to pick it up , not knowing who would be calling you . 
 what a strange phone . 
 `` mr. callum , '' janelle 's voice says from the phone . 
 `` what do you mean rob 's not sane . 
 what has happened ? 
 i have sent a group to come to you so you better explain this to me . '' 
 they must have tracked the location of rian 's phone . 
 that 's how they know where we 're located . 
 or they used the cameras . 
 while rian gives her a brief summary of what had happened , i walk over to rob , making sure he 's still unconscious . 
 i have to be brave around this maniac . 
 i ca n't just chicken out and freeze in place while he attacks me . 
 but something tells me i 'm not capable of being brave . 
 as soon as he wakes up again , i 'll probably run for it . 
 rian is still talking to janelle on the phone . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're sending a group of people down here , but maybe rob can explain what happened . 
 and you know ... i think you two should be honest with each other . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` you 're in a relationship . '' 
 janelle 's voice raises . 
 `` mr. callum ! 
 what do you mean rob is plotting ms. clancy 's murder ? 
 why would he do such a thing ? '' 
 rian looks at me quickly and i answer janelle 's question , `` he said i killed his father . '' 
 there is silence at the end of the line for the longest time . 
 then a sigh , followed by janelle saying , `` rob wo n't go that far . 
 he wo n't hurt you . 
 if he wanted to , he would have a long time ago . '' 
 rian lets out a frustrated breath . 
 `` he brought a knife with him ! 
 he invaded vivian 's room in the middle of the night and watched her sleep . '' 
 her voice gets louder at each word and i 'm afraid that would cause rob to wake up again . 
 she continues telling us that `` rob wo n't killed anybody '' until rian actually hangs up and puts the phone down . 
 the phone does n't ring again . 
 while we wait for the group janelle has sent , i watch rob 's unconscious body . 
 rian sits on his bed , staring at the floor . 
 i would appreciate his help but he does n't seem like he wants to watch anything . 
 he 'd rather stare at the floor . 
 fortunately for me , rob does n't wake up while we wait for the group janelle has sent . 
 when they arrive , i 'm surprised i know most of the people who come . 
 there are only three : piers , fox -lrb- the guy who also has the tattooed hand -rrb- , and some lady i 've never seen before . 
 piers looks relieved that i 'm alive and he gives me a quick pat on the back , asking me how i 'm feeling . 
 i tell him i 'm fine , which is mostly the truth . 
 but i 'm also a little nervous . 
 there 's no knowing how rob will be after he wakes up . 
 rian , fox , piers , and the woman all stand over rob 's unconscious body . 
 i keep my distance . 
 it 's as if rob can sense them there because he stirs again . 
 this time , no one bothers to knock rob out again . 
 i think they need him awake . 
 his eyes open but he does n't stand up right away . 
 instead , he stares at all of the feet that surround him . 
 then , very slowly he uses his arms to push himself up into a sitting position , grimacing the whole time . 
 then his eyes find mine and i 'm expecting him to lunge at me . 
 he does n't . 
 he just looks perplexed . 
 he scans the four people that surround him . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he sounds tired and confused . 
 i have n't seen him like this before . 
 he 's always either ready to fight me or he 's explaining something . 
 piers pulls him to his feet without care and starts marching him toward the door . 
 rob immediately wakes up from his daze and tries to yank his arm free of piers ' grasp . 
 piers does n't let go and rob starts thrashing around even harder . 
 fox and the woman are there immediately , restraining him . 
 i do n't understand why he 's freaking out . 
 they 're not doing anything to him . 
 rian is already by my side , a hand on my shoulder . 
 i 'm guessing he 's trying to keep me from running over to rob and throwing him a punch . 
 i 'm not going to do that anyway . 
 rob starts shouting . 
 `` i 'll lock you up ! '' 
 he points a finger at me . 
 `` i 'll come back and i 'll lock you up somewhere . 
 i wo n't let anyone get away with my father 's murder ! '' 
 rian 's grip on my shoulder tightens but i do n't dare move even though i want to know why rob is freaking out and why he thinks i killed his father . 
 piers , fox , the woman , and rob exit the room and the door slides closed behind them . 
 rob 's shouts are still audible out in the hallway but they 're muffled . 
 that 's strange . 
 rian finally lets go of my shoulder but he stays where he is . 
 once rob 's muffled shouts stop , rian starts moving toward the door . 
 i follow him , asking , `` where are you headed ? '' 
 rian answers almost immediately with , `` to jack welds . '' 
 the door slides open and he slips out of the room . 
 i follow him . 
 not too far away , i can see piers pulling rob through the hallway . 
 fox and the woman do n't seem to be helping because rob seems to have calmed down now . 
 they 're talking but i ca n't hear what they 're talking about . 
 `` is n't mr. welds asleep ? '' 
 i ask rian , remembering it 's two o’clock in the morning . 
 piers , janelle , rob , fox , and that other lady are still awake , but that does n't necessarily mean mr. welds is . 
 `` many of them of them stay awake until four or five . '' 
 rian shrugs like it 's no big deal while i 'm staring at him in disbelief . 
 `` five in the morning ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` then what ? 
 they wake up at six ? 
 or 5:30 ? '' 
 i understand that these people can be busy most of the time , but trying to function on thirty minutes of sleep ? 
 but who knows , maybe they 've managed to create something to keep them awake for this long . 
 rian shrugs again and increases his pace . 
 we 're catching up my brother and the group but i 'm feeling reluctant to pass them . 
 nobody seems to be holding rob down anymore . 
 he 's just walking freely so i 'm afraid once he sees me , he 'll try to attack me again . 
 `` can you slow down a little ? '' 
 i whisper to rian . 
 he glances at me and obeys . 
 we 're close enough to rob that he seems to have heard me because his head turns to look at me . 
 i slow down a little and avoid meeting his eyes . 
 he mouths something at me and turns back to face the front . 
 i do n't understand . 
 fox , piers , and the woman glance at me too . 
 when piers sees me , he grabs rob 's arm again so rob would n't attempt to run at me . 
 then piers pushes him forward and the four of them start walking faster now . 
 `` hey , '' i call to piers . 
 `` where are you taking him ? '' 
 i gesture to rob and he does n't glance at me again . 
 piers answers me while he continues walking forward and dragging rob along , `` well ... first off , we need to find out why he thinks you killed his father . 
 you might have an idea where he could be going . '' 
 i instantly think the interrogation room , the one i was in when janelle questioned me . 
 but what 's so special about that room ? 
 why could n't they ask him questions in the hallway ? 
 or even a regular office ? 
 the rest of the walk is silent , even when we enter the vast white hallway . 
 it 's completely deserted but lighter than the hallway we have just come out of . 
 even rob does n't say anything . 
 but right before rian and i have to split up from the group , piers asks me , `` are you sure you 're okay , vivian ? '' 
 i tell him yes . 
 piers gives me one more worried look before leading fox , rob , and the woman through a door . 
 if piers cares about how i 'm feeling and if i 'm okay or not , why ca n't he just come along with me and rian ? 
 we could learn about our past life together . 
 but then again , piers already knows about his past . 
 after another minute or so , rian stops by a door and i wait behind him . 
 he does n't open it right away . 
 this door does n't look familiar but it 's still all white , just like most of the doors here . 
 rian knocks two times and we wait . 
 it does n't take the door too long to slide open . 
 once it does , i see there 's no one standing there . 
 instead , as i peek into the room , i see mr. welds sitting at a desk in the corner of the room , watching us . 
 he gestures us inside and the door slides closed . 
 i wonder why some doors slide automatically , while others need someone to push it open , just like the regular doors i remember . 
 this room is -lrb- not surprisingly -rrb- white . 
 just like the lounge i 've been too , there is not a lot of furniture , leaving the room with unnecessary free space . 
 there 's a white couch up against the wall by the door along with a few pictures frames hanging on the walls . 
 the paintings are to abstract for me to tell what they are supposed to be . 
 there 's the desk mr. welds is sitting at . 
 it 's made completely out of glass and i find myself staring at all of the transparent drawers . 
 not too much stuff fills them . 
 i notice a few tablets . 
 `` would you like anything ? '' 
 mr. welds asks us . 
 he raises his eyebrows as rian and i enter the room . 
 `` you 're both here ? 
 is this important ? '' 
 rian nods his head . 
 `` i 'm just going to get straight to the question because i believe whatever you 've been hiding from vivian should be revealed . '' 
 mr. welds smiles and folds his hands on the desk , nodding for rian to go on . 
 rian continues . 
 `` rob has said - '' `` multiple times , '' i add in quickly but they ignore me . 
 `` - vivian murdered his father , '' rian says . 
 `` so i think it 's about time you told her what actually happened . 
 she needs to know . 
 and while you 're at it , i 'd like to know more about my past too . 
 i 've lived here for two years . '' 
 the smile on mr. welds face leaves and he leans back in his chair , letting out a breath . 
 it takes him a moment to say anything else . 
 after a few seconds of silence , he says , `` could n't vivian have asked me this ? 
 if she was interested , then she would have asked me herself . 
 might i ask why you are asking for her ? '' 
 i did ask him . 
 he just refused to tell me . 
 rian 's hands clench into fists . 
 `` do n't avoid answering this , jack , '' he says . 
 it sounds strange when rian calls mr. welds by his last name . 
 but then again , it would sound strange if i heard rian called him ` mr. welds . ' 
 mr. welds lets out another breath , folding and unfolding his hands a few times . 
 i cross my arms -lrb- mostly because i do n't want to stand in an awkward position with my hands by my sides -rrb- and wait for him to answer . 
 again , it takes several seconds before he actually answers . 
 `` yes , '' he finally says . 
 i am confused on the ` yes . ' 
 no one asked a yes or no question . 
 `` yes , '' mr. welds repeats . 
 `` it 's true , miss clancy . '' 
 his eyes land on me . 
 `` rob is telling the truth . 
 approximately thirty years ago , you were hired to assassinate the government leader , thomas garmin . 
 he 's rob 's father . '' 
 chapter 16 vivian i ca n't find the right words to reply to what mr. welds has just said . 
 my mouth keeps opening and closing but nothing comes out , only a pathetic squeak . 
 somewhere , deep down inside of me , i had believed rob 's words . 
 since mr. welds has said it 's true , now i am forced to believe it . 
 it 's true . 
 i murdered someone . 
 i think i 'm going to faint . 
 `` would you like to know more ? '' 
 mr. welds asks . 
 i manage to nod my head but do n't say anything . 
 i need to know more . 
 if i 'm going to get attacked by some psycho , i should at least know the real reason behind it . 
 mr. welds sits up a little straighter and plays with two small cubes on his desk . 
 he says , `` now i have most of your past and data memorized . 
 so forgive me if i disturb you in any way . 
 i 've reviewed your documents more than once . '' 
 i nod to show him i understand . 
 he continues . 
 `` you may want to sit down ... unless you prefer to stand . '' 
 he points to the white couch against the wall and waits for our decision . 
 rian immediately takes a seat on the couch and i plop down next to him . 
 `` continue , '' rian tells mr. welds . 
 mr. welds clears his throat and wipes his hand on his shirt before beginning . 
 `` i do n't know how hard this will be to believe , miss clancy . '' 
 he pauses , clearing his throat again . 
 i am getting impatient . 
 he keeps pausing . 
 just hurry up already , i think . 
 `` ever since you were fifteen years old , you were taken from your house to be trained as a heartless , impassive soldier . 
 but that 's my opinion , of course . 
 every soldier there seemed cold-blooded . 
 they wanted to transform you into a soldier to fight for their dictatorial government . 
 but someone broke you out and you joined the group opposing the government . 
 before you were killed , you had been working for the rebels for five to six years . 
 in my opinion , the dictatorial government was n't exactly stable . 
 they would 've fallen sooner or later . 
 all it took to shut it down was to assassinate their leader , thomas garmin . 
 and you , ms. clancy , did it for them . '' 
 mr. welds pauses to let me and rian take it all in . 
 i just stare at him . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 rian asks quietly . 
 `` where was i ? '' 
 mr. welds sighs . 
 `` you , '' he says , `` you were part of the rebelling group as well . 
 you knew who vivian was . '' 
 rian and i exchange glances with each other . 
 he knew me ? 
 how come i do n't remember that ? 
 if i knew him from my past life , why am i not able to recognize his face right now ? 
 but then again , the only people i remember from my life are my parents and my brother . 
 whatever mr. welds has just told us is hard to believe . 
 it 's strange hearing that i actually had another life before all of this . 
 and i was soldier ? 
 how is it possible ? 
 `` w-why do n't i remember any of this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 mr. welds reaches into his lab coat pocket and sets a flat device onto the table . 
 `` ms. clancy , remember when i told you to let go of your past and start over ? '' 
 i nod but i do n't agree with that quote . 
 i do n't want to let it go . 
 i want to know more . 
 mr. welds flips the device over and over in his hand and it 's very distracting . 
 i find myself staring at it . 
 `` we altered a few things to make people forget about their past lives , '' he says . 
 `` we let them have the memories of their families but i think it 's best that they forget who they were used to be , do n't you agree ? '' 
 absolutely not . 
 these strange scientists who i would n't even want to call scientists have stolen people 's memories just because they think it 's for the better ? 
 i do n't really want to agree with that . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 rian talks instead . 
 he points a finger at himself and almost stands up as he says , `` i 've been here for two years and you 've never informed me about this ? '' 
 `` we do n't tell anyone else these things , so why would we tell you ? '' 
 mr. welds asks . 
 `` you 've been training me to become a scientist , '' rian exclaims . 
 `` did n't you think i had a right to know who i used to be ? '' 
 mr. welds clears his throat and looks away for a few seconds . 
 `` like i said ... when you get the chance to start a life over , you take it . 
 so we did that to you . 
 we started your life over for you . '' 
 rian leans back on the couch and lets out a breath . 
 `` so . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` when i was told my family died , was that the truth ? '' 
 mr. welds raises both of his eyebrows and a look of confusion passes over his face . 
 `` of course it 's the truth . 
 most people who have been revived have no family either . 
 but some are lucky to have siblings here . '' 
 just like me . 
 my brother lives here . 
 rian stares at the ground , thinking . 
 when he looks back up , he 's looking at me . 
 he says , `` do you remember me from a long time ago ? '' 
 i 'm caught by surprise by that question . 
 it takes me a few seconds to actually answer it . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't . '' 
 rian nods and turns back to mr. welds . 
 `` are you sure you do n't have us mixed up with someone else ? 
 are you sure we were part of some resistance ? '' 
 he points a quick finger at himself and then me . 
 `` are you sure we knew each other ? 
 i do n't remember her and she does n't remember me . '' 
 `` this is the complete truth . 
 and yes , you two worked together for some of the missions . 
 according to records , you vivian clancy and rian callum met each other at the government base and both of you were broken out and welcomed into a rebel camp . '' 
 then he repeats , `` this is the complete truth . 
 we just felt the need to reunite you two again ... so we did . 
 we made mr. callum your tour guide , '' he tells me . 
 `` you made me be megan 's tour guide , '' rian says . 
 `` does that mean i know her from somewhere too ? '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't believe so , no . '' 
 i 'm trying to believe this but i just ca n't grasp the fact the i had another life a long time ago . 
 i never really thought about how weird it is . 
 dying then being frozen and then coming back to life again ? 
 i shake my head . 
 `` h-how - ? '' 
 my voice cracks for no reason so i clear my throat , then start over again . 
 `` how did i die ? '' 
 mr. welds does n't wait to answer . 
 `` you were stabbed to death . '' 
 that sentence makes me shiver involuntarily . 
 it reminds me of rob . 
 rob and the knife . 
 being stabbed to death ... . 
 `` who killed me ? '' 
 i say . 
 was it rob ? 
 i want to ask , although i 'm pretty sure it was n't . 
 if it had been , they would n't let him go near me . 
 `` are you sure you want to know ? '' 
 mr. welds asks quietly . 
 rian nods while i say , `` we came here to find out what happened to us . 
 so tell us . '' 
 i try to sound as polite as possible . 
 `` both of you , '' mr. welds begins , `` were stabbed to death . '' 
 he taps his chest , somewhere close to the spot where his heart is supposed to be located . 
 `` in the heart ... three times . '' 
 i place my hand against my chest , imagining a knife being driven into my heart . 
 rob wanted to do that . 
 he would have done that if ... if what ? 
 a voice says in the back of my head . 
 if someone would n't have interfered ? 
 who exactly was it that interfered ? 
 maybe janelle was right . 
 if rob had wanted to kill you so bad , he would have done it by now . 
 he would n't have sat in that wheelchair with a knife in his hand - i shake my head to clear my thoughts . 
 what are you talking about ? 
 my other voice does n't answer . 
 `` what about my parents ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i only have a vague memory of them . 
 `` how did they die ? 
 who were they ? '' 
 the device clatters from mr. welds hands and onto the table . 
 he picks it up again and starts playing with it , saying , `` your parents , if i remember correctly , were jodie and grayson clancy . 
 they were not part of the resistance . 
 they were normal people , struggling to fit into the society . 
 they died of natural causes , just like i told you . 
 they were n't murdered . 
 i promise . '' 
 promises coming from someone i do n't know too well mean nothing to me . 
 he continues flipping the device around in his hand and i stare at it . 
 it 's not something i recognize . 
 it 's flat but not as thin as a tablet . 
 stop fiddling with that ! 
 i want to tell him . 
 i 'm getting irritated . 
 then i look down at my own hands and nearly laugh . 
 my nails are digging into my jeans . 
 i let my fingers relax but i feel awkward and stiff without having something to do . 
 i look over at rian . 
 he 's just leaning against the couch , his arms crossed . 
 i try to do the same thing but for some reason , i think it might look weird with both of us crossing our arms . 
 i uncross them and pull my feet up onto the couch . 
 `` what do you mean they were struggling to fit into society ? '' 
 i ask him , hugging my knees . 
 `` what was happening with the government ? '' 
 mr. welds shrugs like it 's supposed to be obvious . 
 `` oh , you know ... if there 's a dictator , there 's bound to be a strict government . '' 
 the device 's screen lights up and he brings it close to his face , reading whatever has just appeared . 
 he grunts one time before setting it down onto table . 
 `` what did they do to the people ? '' 
 i ask . 
 rian does n't seem to want to ask any questions . 
 maybe he does , but i keep on interrupting him . 
 mr. welds shrugs again . 
 `` they decreased people 's food portions ... or decreased people 's payment . 
 many lost a lot of their rights . '' 
 he takes a breath . 
 `` but the government has fallen long ago , and the earth is left only a ruin . '' 
 rian finally speaks up . 
 `` it 's possible people still live on earth , is it not ? '' 
 mr. welds ' head bobs up and down . 
 `` a very large chance , for we can not be the only human beings on earth . 
 there is life out there , yes . 
 there are other continents . '' 
 `` have you tried looking for them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 mr. welds shakes his head . 
 `` ms. clancy , we ca n't even get past the exit doors of this building . 
 we 've tried , yes . 
 but it 's not possible to succeed ... yet . '' 
 `` yet ? '' 
 rian and i say in unison . 
 mr. welds scratches his head . 
 `` we are ... currently working on it . '' 
 rian holds up a finger . 
 `` wait . 
 wait a second . '' 
 he takes a deep breath and goes silent for several seconds . 
 i assume he 's thinking about something . 
 `` that machine , '' he finally says . 
 `` that machine you showed me ... um ... a year ago . '' 
 mr. welds nods his head . 
 `` correct . 
 yes . 
 we even gave you a brief description of its purpose . 
 you remember ? '' 
 rian nods . 
 `` you said you 're working on developing a device to - '' `` convert the poisonous air into oxygen , '' mr. welds finishes . 
 i 'm confused . 
 how is that possible ? 
 the world is huge . 
 it 'll have to take a lot of power , brains , and planning to create something like this . 
 and there 's another problem . 
 if people die when they make contact with the earth 's air , how will anyone be able to bring whatever machine the scientists have created outside ? 
 i ask , `` what i do n't understand is how will you be able to get enough power to create something like this ? '' 
 `` we 've thought about it , '' mr. welds says as he glances at the device in his hand again . 
 `` so we 've attempted to create something for that . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 mr. welds points to me and rian . 
 `` we are testing our possible solutions right this minute . 
 we are experimenting on seven people . '' 
 seven people . 
 what rob had said to me floods into my mind . 
 you could think of yourself as special because you 're one of seven people who had their heart made for them . 
 mr. welds is talking about us , the people with the tattooed hands . 
 i look down at my right hand and curl my fingers , examining the swirl of black tattoos winding around my fingers . 
 so this is what they mean . 
 we have an artificial organ inside of our bodies . 
 `` how can having a machine heart inside of us change anything ? '' 
 i ask , looking back up at mr. welds . 
 he has his eyebrows raised . 
 `` heart ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` you know about that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i look over to rian . 
 he 's not saying anything . 
 maybe this information is hard for him to take in . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 i ask him , tapping his shoulder gently so he knows i 'm talking to him . 
 his head turns to look at me with a frown on his face . 
 he says , `` yes . 
 i 'm fine . 
 it 's just ... '' he turns back to mr. welds . 
 `` why is this some big secret ? '' 
 mr. welds slides the small device to the corner of the table and says , `` we did n't want to bring people 's hopes up . 
 they were ready to get out of here and into the open air . 
 what if we fail ? 
 we are n't even sure this will work . 
 designing hearts to have enough power to keep a human being alive in an extremely cold and noxious environment ? 
 does that seem possible to you ? '' 
 i start to shake my head . 
 then , remembering they have already created these hearts and planted them inside of us , i nod my head instead . 
 all that 's left is to test it out on earth . 
 `` so basically , i have a robotic heart inside of me . '' 
 i point to the spot my heart is supposed to be located . 
 `` right here ? '' 
 `` precisely , '' mr. welds says . 
 this is hard to believe . 
 i shake my head from confusion . 
 `` how is that possible ? 
 did you cut us open ? '' 
 mr. welds shrugs . 
 `` rian and you were stabbed in the heart . 
 you were already cut open . 
 the rest ... yes , we had to . '' 
 i grimace when mr. welds says `` stabbed . '' 
 i do n't want to imagine it . 
 how much pain was i in when they stabbed me to death ? 
 rian speaks up , pointing to me and himself . 
 `` was anyone else who lives inside this building part of the resistance ? 
 besides me and vivian ? '' 
 he holds up his tattooed hand . 
 `` anyone with these ? '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head . 
 `` no one else with those marks , no . 
 and yes , there are more people that live here who were part of the rebellion . 
 but i 'm not able to list them from the top of my head . 
 and by the way , these tattoos are there to mark you as the person with our hearts . 
 it just helps decrease the problems . '' 
 why could n't they have just made some basic design ? 
 `` are there any people who were part of the rebellion that we 've talked to ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` maybe my brother ? '' 
 mr. welds says , `` ms. clancy , we do n't keep track of all the people you 've talked to . 
 and no , i believe your brother never joined the military or even the rebellion . 
 he was too young . '' 
 my brother used to be five years younger than me . 
 now he 's ten years older because they had thawed him years earlier than me so he had a chance to live here more than me . 
 since he 's lived here for so many years , does he know all about this `` earth saving '' project they 're working on ? 
 does he know about the artificial hearts ? 
 does he know what the tattoos mean ? 
 is he part of this ? 
 `` um ... '' i clear my throat . 
 `` mr. welds ? '' 
 mr. welds looks at me . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` does my brother have any part in this ? '' 
 i finish . 
 `` yes . 
 a small part of it . '' 
 `` what does he do ? '' 
 mr. welds reaches for the device on the table and presses a few buttons . 
 then he sets it down again . 
 i do n't understand what its purpose is . 
 `` well , ms. clancy , '' he says , `` your brother was the one who gave us permission to experiment one of the hearts on you . 
 you are part of our project to save earth . 
 our goal is to revive it . 
 to revive the plants . 
 to revive humans . 
 to revive life on earth . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 i just stared at a blank spot on the wall . 
 piers let them stick a fake heart inside me . 
 but why - ? 
 how - ? 
 what if i - ? 
 ugh . 
 there 's no point arguing with this . 
 it 's done . 
 it 's over . 
 they wo n't remove the heart anyway . 
 even if they would , i wo n't be able to live without one . 
 my original heart was probably cut into pieces and burned away by now . 
 `` how am i part of the project ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what 's so special about people existing with ` special hearts ? '' ' 
 i add air quotes on the words ` special hearts . ' 
 `` the hearts will let you stay out in the earth 's air longer than a normal human being can . 
 it will be as if you are immune to it . 
 over time of course , the hearts shield will die down . 
 that might take a couple of hours but that 's plenty of time for you to place our machine in its proper spot . 
 then ... we 'd have to wait and see how it will convert the air . 
 does it work , or do we have to restart the project all over again ? '' 
 i continue to stare at the wall without saying a word . 
 i forget rian is sitting next to me until he says , `` we 're going outside ? '' 
 he sounds almost excited . 
 `` yes , '' mr. welds says . 
 `` and i hope this mission will succeed . '' 
 `` are you sure these hearts will make us immune to earth 's air ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 `` only for a couple of hours . 
 like i said , these hearts have a shield . 
 it 's not activated yet . 
 once we do activate it , we 'll send you out . '' 
 i 'm feeling light-headed but i 'm not sure why . 
 it might have to do with me hearing the words `` we 'll send you out . '' 
 just the thought of being outside makes my head spin . 
 `` when is this going to happen ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 mr. welds smiles . 
 `` we 've finished the machine a couple of weeks ago . 
 all we have left to do is get three of the seven people ready . 
 there are approximately two weeks left until we are able to launch this project . 
 i 'm quite enthusiastic because we might actually have a chance to walk along earth 's fields , touch the plants , and breath the air very , very soon . '' 
 mr. welds sounds like he 's daydreaming . 
 he sounds so distant and excited at the same time . 
 what they have planned to do sounds very interesting . 
 it also sounds almost impossible . 
 how were they able to create a machine that could convert the earth 's poisonous air into breathable air ? 
 `` ms. clancy , '' mr. welds says quietly . 
 i look over to him . 
 `` you have the newest heart inside of you . 
 it 's the smallest but the i believe it 's the most efficient . 
 so in order to try it out , we 've chosen you to be one of the three people who will go head outside to plant our machine in its rightful spot . '' 
 i take a slow breath and clasp and unclasp my hands a few times . 
 then i say , `` is it true that rob designed the heart i have inside of me ? '' 
 mr. welds nods . 
 `` he told you that ? '' 
 i nod back . 
 having a heart made by someone who wants to kill me does n't exactly make me feel comfortable . 
 who knows what those hands did . 
 what if he messed the heart up somehow ? 
 what if as soon as i step outside , i die ? 
 `` we were going to have to tell you our plan sooner or later . 
 the date of its launch is slowly crawling closer . 
 ms. clancy , '' mr. welds says . 
 `` i know you 've only been alive for four days , but are you ready to become part of the project ? '' 
 are n't i already part of it ? 
 i nod my head . 
 `` yes . '' 
 rian raises a hand . 
 `` i 'm going , too . '' 
 chapter 17 vivian four days have already passed and all i 've done is sort through bags at my job , exchanging a few words with verity a couple of times each day . 
 the project mr. welds had told us about has been on my mind . 
 i 've been asking about it for the past three days and all i 've gotten is , `` almost done '' or `` we have already chosen who will be doing what for this mission . '' 
 even rian knows what 's going on , yet he refuses to tell me . 
 but today , the date of some meeting is finally revealed to me . 
 november 17 , 2075 , which is today . 
 and i 'm invited . 
 so here i am , sitting in the middle of a large white room . 
 white chairs are placed in rows throughout the whole room and this place is crowded and noisy . 
 all of the white makes my eyes feel weird . 
 do n't they have different colors other than white ? 
 rian sits next to me . 
 fox , the guy who i learned will be coming outside with us , is sitting on the other side of me . 
 piers is somewhere in this room , too . 
 i do n't know where though . 
 the many people who had been invited to this meeting look like scientists . 
 i think the regular people who are n't part of the `` earth saving '' project were n't invited . 
 at the very front of the room stands mr. welds along with his brother , welds . 
 janelle is seated in a chair right next to them . 
 rob is n't there and i have n't asked where they put him . 
 mr. welds clears his throat and the whole room hears it -lrb- he 's wearing a mini microphone -rrb- . 
 the noise ceases and mr. welds nods at his audience as he pulls something out from his labcoat pocket . 
 i 'm too far away to see what it is and i try squinting at it . 
 it does n't help . 
 we all watch as mr. welds presses the tiny object against the wall and a large projection screen materializes out of the air next to him . 
 black letters appear on the screen . 
 the font is too small for me to read and i 'm not even sure if the people all the way in the back can see it . 
 a tall man sits in front of me . 
 as soon as the projection screen appears , the man straightens up in his seat and his head blocks my view of the screen . 
 damn it . 
 i try leaning to the right a little . 
 i do n't to lean too much because i would lean right into fox , which would make things awkward for me . 
 he gives me a strange look as i struggle to see past the man in front of me . 
 this is going to be frustrating if i do n't do something about this . 
 i tap the man in the shoulder but he does n't turn around the first time so i try again . 
 he turns his head slightly to look behind him . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 the room is deadly silent so i do n't know how loud a whisper will sound . 
 `` could you move your head a little ? '' 
 i ask him as politely as i can . 
 `` i ca n't see the screen . '' 
 `` oh , sorry . '' 
 he ducks his head a little and tilts his head to the right . 
 `` can you see now ? '' 
 i tell him yes . 
 mr. welds has started speaking . 
 `` i 'm very happy you were all able to make it , '' he says . 
 `` as you may have guessed , this meeting will cover a few questions you may have and we will go over our project and plans . 
 dr. janelle ? '' 
 he points a finger at janelle , who has already stood up from her seat . 
 she holds a thin tablet in her hand . 
 `` good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen . '' 
 she glances at the tablet in her hand . 
 she appears to be reading off of a script . 
 `` we have finally selected the three people who will be heading outside to place the machine we have been working on for the past five years in its proper spot . 
 we are hoping this will work and we are grateful for anyone who has helped us ... and anyone who will help us . 
 i would like to announce these three people who have dared to volunteer for this mission , which will take place in about a week . '' 
 i had n't volunteered . 
 mr. welds had already chosen me . 
 i just said i was ready to help them . 
 `` these courageous people are , '' janelle begins , `` rian callum , vivian clancy , and foscet manson . '' 
 i 'm caught by surprise at fox 's full name . 
 i did n't even know he has one . 
 there is a short round of applause and i see fox has a grin on his face . 
 he waves at a few people . 
 i shrink farther into my seat . 
 they do n't need to applaud me . 
 i 'm probably headed to my death anyway . 
 once it 's quiet again , janelle sits back down again . 
 mr. welds , who has been standing the whole time , continues speaking . 
 `` once again , for anyone who has helped with this project , thank you for your support . 
 without your help , we probably would n't even be having this meeting . 
 `` we 're here today , '' he continues , `` to inform you about our plans . 
 so if you are staring off into space or dozing off , please wake yourself up . '' 
 some laughter sounds throughout the room . 
 rian laughs a little too . 
 i do n't understand why people think this is funny . 
 mr. welds clears his throat . 
 the projection on the wall next to him switches to a different slide . 
 this new slide is green with large letters saying : project earth there is a picture next to the text . 
 i ca n't see all of the details but it appears to be some kind of machine . 
 maybe the one that 's supposed to convert the poisonous air into breathable oxygen ? 
 mr. welds says , `` this is an image of the device that we have been working on . 
 do n't be fooled by the size in the picture . 
 it 's a fairly large object . 
 it will need two to three people to carry it . '' 
 the slide changes and a few more pictures appear . 
 there 's an image of the same machine from the previous slide and two other images of what appears to be a small blue chip . 
 `` what you see here , '' mr. welds says , pointing to the two new images , `` are a couple pictures of the item that will need to be inserted into this machine to activate it . 
 after it 's activated , it will release signals into the ground , where hopefully , will reach us and we will be able to read them . 
 after the signals will reach our facility , we will begin the conversion . 
 if this machine works flawlessly , then earth 's air should be converted to breathable air in about ... one year . '' 
 a few whispers start . 
 someone near me says , `` i thought it will only take a few weeks to clear the air . '' 
 i snort to myself . 
 were they really expecting it to happen that fast ? 
 in a world so vast ? 
 `` now , '' mr. welds continues , `` as most of you here should know , we have created special suits for our three people because obviously , no one here can make contact with the air . 
 unless they are immune , which is highly unlikely . 
 these suits will allow the human body to survive out in the cold and hazardous environment longer . 
 they will prevent the air from making contact with the human skin . '' 
 the slide changes and it 's filled with text and no pictures . 
 the words are too small for me to read . 
 apparently , fox thinks the same thing because he mutters , `` do they expect us to read all of this ? '' 
 he looks at me as he asks that . 
 i shrug and focus back on what mr. welds is saying , `` ... in a week , as you all may know by now . '' 
 the screen changes again and i 'm not sure what the purpose of the last slide was . 
 since no one could see it , we were n't expected to read it , i guess . 
 this next slide has three images of a suit . 
 one from the front view , one from the back , and one from the side . 
 it 's made with some sort of light brown material and appears to be baggy . 
 the very top of the suit has a place to fit a human head . 
 it also contains a pane glass for the face . 
 it looks like a strange version of an astronaut suit . 
 `` these are the suits mr. callum , ms. clancy , and mr. manson are required to wear for this mission . 
 it will prevent the air from making contact with their skin . 
 their hearts will power their bodies so they will not freeze from the extreme cold . 
 but just to be clear , the hearts do not stop the air from poisoning their skin . 
 it just protects the human body from the cold . 
 hopefully . 
 any questions ? '' 
 the assembly continues on for an hour or so . 
 mr. welds allows his brother to share a few things with us as well . 
 we are told of the plan again and how rian , fox , and i are supposed to put the suits on and we will be sent outside from there . 
 this will happen in just a few days and i 'm shivering from excitement just thinking about setting foot on earth . 
 how would it feel to stand out in the open space , overlooking ... then i remember the dust , the dust i had seen when rob had locked me out in that glass hallway . 
 is that what we are going to have to walk through ? 
 dust ? 
 we wo n't be able to see anything . 
 how do they expect us to find the right location to place their machine ? 
 just as i 'm wondering about that , welds tells us about a gps , a gps rian will be holding as we will walk across the land . 
 the assembly ends and mr. welds calls rian 's , fox 's , and my name . 
 he asks that we stand up and walk over to the front of the room . 
 fox stands up immediately while rian stands up too . 
 i am reluctantly to follow as i pull myself up from my chair . 
 everyone 's eyes are on the three of us as we struggle to squeeze past the aisles and chairs . 
 once we reach the front of the room , we climb the short staircase and arrive right on the stage . 
 i look down at the audience and i think i 'm getting a little dizzy , but i force myself to focus . 
 everyone is staring at me . 
 i start to fiddle with my arms and look down at my feet . 
 fox waves at the silent crowd and rian just stands there , arms crossed , looking a little uncomfortable . 
 i instantly notice i 'm the shortest one on the stage . 
 i wonder how my face looks right now . 
 `` these , '' mr. welds says , putting a hand on each of our shoulders , `` are our three lovely people . '' 
 lovely ? 
 `` give them a round of applause . '' 
 everyone does . 
 once it 's quiet again , mr. welds calls , `` this meeting is over . 
 thank you for coming . '' 
 the audience stands up but i 'm not able to see what happens after that because rian , fox , and i are ushered out through a door by mr. welds and janelle . 
 i have n't even noticed that door had been there . 
 it slides closed behind us and we 're in a new room . 
 i look around . 
 there are a few containers -lrb- a little taller than me -rrb- that are placed in rows around the whole room , creating aisles . 
 mr. welds leads all three of us to the other side of the room , janelle trailing right behind us . 
 we stop in front of a container and i take a good look at what 's inside . 
 i 'm expecting people . 
 but no , there seem to be suits in each of the containers . 
 in fact , they resemble the suits in the picture back at the assembly . 
 we will wear these ? 
 mr. welds taps the glass a suit is encased in . 
 `` these , my dear friends , are the suits you will be wearing . '' 
 he gestures around the room . 
 `` as you see here , we 've made quite a few . 
 many of them were a disaster . 
 we still keep our failures . '' 
 `` uh , '' fox speaks up . 
 `` how are we supposed to know which is who 's ? 
 is n't there a certain size ? '' 
 he points to me . 
 `` she 's really short and there 's no way she 'll fit - '' `` mr. manson , '' mr. welds cuts in . 
 we do have sizes made especially for each of you . 
 come . '' 
 he motions us to follow him and we do n't even go that far . 
 we 've taken a few more steps and now we 're standing by another container . 
 this one has the same suit inside . 
 i notice there 's number printed across the chest . 
 39-245 . 
 fox whistles and i have no idea why he 's impressed . 
 `` sweet , '' he says . 
 `` it 's mine . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` how can you tell ? '' 
 fox frowns and points to the suit in the container . 
 `` my classification number 's on there . 
 see ? '' 
 he leans against the glass casually and says to mr. welds , `` will we get to try them on today ? '' 
 mr. welds open his mouth to answer but janelle cuts in . 
 `` no , fox . 
 you will put them on the day of your mission . 
 i assure you , they fit perfectly . '' 
 she glances at mr. welds and mutters to him , `` sorry sir for interrupting . '' 
 mr. welds dismisses her apology with a wave of his hand . 
 he asks me and rian , `` would you like to take a look at your suits ? '' 
 i shrug while rian says , `` sure . '' 
 a couple steps to the right and we 're standing in front of another container . 
 this one has a suit as well . 
 the number 42-2 is printed across the chest this time . 
 i step closer to my suit and stare at it . 
 fox is right -- it is pretty sweet to see a suit you know is made for your size . 
 it looks smaller than fox 's . 
 i want to try it on . 
 `` what does that number mean ? '' 
 i ask , indicating to the number 42-2 on the suit 's chest area . 
 janelle says , `` it 's a classification number . 
 did n't someone tell you this already ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` yes , but why do we have them ? 
 ca n't you just use our regular names instead ? '' 
 `` well , '' janelle begins , `` there can be people with the exact same name as you and we want to know which vivian was brought back to life first . 
 this number helps us do that . 
 the smaller the number , the longer you 've been staying here . '' 
 could that mean someone has the number one ? 
 `` is there someone with the exact name as mine living here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 janelle shakes her head . 
 we move on to rian 's suit . 
 it 's labeled with the number 41-5 . 
 seeing this suits makes me excited . 
 just a few more days , i think , until we can finally head outside . 
 we do n't spend too long looking at rian 's suit . 
 mr. welds and janelle lead us to yet another door . 
 we enter a small room . 
 this building has the most confusing turns , doors , and rooms ever . 
 i do n't want to learn about anymore rooms because i doubt i 'll remember any of them . 
 there are just too many rooms to remember . 
 this small room is filled with so many objects that there 's actually barely any room to move around . 
 if i want to stand anywhere , i 'd have to be careful not to bump into any tables or step on anything scattered across the floor . 
 and even though this room is not very organized at all , mr. welds knows exactly where something is so he walks over to a small table in the corner and picks an object up . 
 he spins around to face us and brings the object to our faces . 
 at first , it looks to be some sort of calculator , but as i squint at it longer , i see it 's not . 
 mr. welds flips it over so we can see the screen . 
 there are plain letters at the top , saying : gps . 
 oh . 
 `` is that the - '' fox starts to say . 
 mr. welds interrupts him . 
 `` it 's the gps that should help you find your way to the proper location to plant the machine . 
 this is n't the exact one . 
 we assigned the gps to mr. callum . '' 
 he drops the small device into rian 's hands and everyone watches rian as he stares at the screen . 
 `` i 've seen this before , '' he says . 
 mr. welds nods . 
 `` indeed , you have . '' 
 he reviews the plan with us yet again , making sure we understand it . 
 in the middle of his presentation , janelle leaves , telling us she has to answer a call . 
 i 'm not sure where the phone she 's talking into is but i catch a few of her words as she heads toward the door . 
 `` dr. janelle here , '' she mutters , pausing to listen to whoever is on the other end of the line . 
 `` oh ... what do you need ? '' 
 the door closes behind her . 
 after mr. welds explains a few more things , he leaves all three of us alone , telling us , `` get to know each other , ask a few questions . 
 i 'll be back in a few . '' 
 he leaves us in the disorganized room and fox pulls a chair out from one of the tables and plops down . 
 he cracks his knuckles and opens his mouth . 
 `` well , well , well ... what do we have here ? 
 the people i shall be working with ? '' 
 rian snorts but does n't say anything . 
 fox turns to me . 
 `` so ... little girl ... uh ... how long have you been alive ? '' 
 little girl ? 
 that 's who he thinks i am ? 
 i 'm about to say something but he interrupts . 
 `` your name was mentioned countless times but i completely forgot it . '' 
 `` it 's vi - '' i start . 
 fox interrupts again . 
 `` just kidding . 
 i know your name . 
 i 've heard a lot about you . '' 
 he grins . 
 i 'm about to reply but he says , `` just kidding , just kidding . 
 you 're not that special . '' 
 i shut my mouth and stay silent . 
 that 's how he wants this conversation to go ? 
 `` so , '' rian says , `` who will carry the machine ? '' 
 `` you mean drag it ? '' 
 fox asks , pulling another chair out and throwing his feet onto it . 
 `` you heard what jack said . 
 it 's too heavy for just one person to carry . '' 
 `` then two people can carry it , '' rian answers . 
 fox points a finger at me . 
 `` give her something light , like the chip . 
 that should be easy to carry . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 `` i can carry heavier - '' fox cuts me off for the thousandth time . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 i really doubt you 'll be able to carry more than ten pounds . '' 
 he gestures at me . 
 `` i mean , look at you . 
 you 're so scrawny and short . '' 
 i cross my arms and shrink back . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm letting this weirdo bully me , a 21 year old girl ! 
 `` oh , and you might lose it , '' fox adds . 
 `` so someone else should carry it - '' `` fox , that enough , '' rian snaps , kicking the chair away from underneath fox 's feet . 
 `` i 'll take the gps . 
 you take the machine . 
 vivian takes the chip . 
 we 'll help you carry the machine . '' 
 `` that - '' i try to say . 
 `` vivian , '' rian says . 
 `` stop . 
 just calm down . 
 it 'll be fine . '' 
 i decide it will be better not to comment and there are a few minutes of awkward silence . 
 i sit down on a random chair and fox starts tapping his foot on the floor . 
 rian plays with the gps . 
 `` ahem , '' fox says , breaking the silence . 
 `` uh ... do n't you guys think it 's cool that we have our own suits with our own sizes ? '' 
 i let rian answer this . 
 `` not really , '' he says . 
 `` it 's kind of like wearing normal clothes that fit your size . 
 there 's nothing special about that . '' 
 fox just shrugs and reaches for a random object on the table next to him . 
 it 's a spring . 
 he tosses it back and forth in his hands and i avert my eyes , deciding to look at my hands instead . 
 no one talks for the next several minutes . 
 finally , mr. welds comes back . 
 janelle follows behind him . 
 i stand up from my chair as they enter . 
 fox remains seated in his chair . 
 rian had already been standing . 
 `` hello again , '' mr. welds greet us . 
 he clears his throat and looks at me for a few seconds . 
 `` ms. clancy . 
 something unexpected came up . '' 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 has the mission been cancelled ? 
 `` w-what 's wrong ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 mr. welds ' eyes shift away from mine for a second . 
 `` um , mr. robin garmin has requested to speak with you . '' 
 i freeze . 
 no , no , no , no , no . 
 i 'm not going to him . 
 he 's probably planning something . 
 as soon as i would step into whatever room he 's in , he 'll probably kill me . 
 i 'll never be able to complete that mission . 
 i 'll never be able to see what the earth will look like after they save it . 
 i ca n't do that ! 
 i ca n't go to rob - `` he 's in a cell , '' mr. welds interrupts my thoughts . 
 `` so there should n't be any worries . 
 dr. janelle will accompany you the whole time . 
 robin said it 'll only take a second . 
 would you be willing to visit him ? '' 
 no . 
 i take a deep breath and nod my head quickly . 
 `` yeah , yeah , yeah . 
 sure , '' i whisper , wiping my hands on my jeans . 
 i cast a glance at rian and fox to see how they 're reacting to this . 
 fox looks like he 's waiting for us to leave while rian asks , `` could we go with her ? '' 
 fox brightens up . 
 `` i agree with that . 
 we should come see rob with her . 
 you heard what he wanted to do . 
 the more people protecting her the better , right ? '' 
 mr. welds shakes his head . 
 `` no need . 
 he 's locked up . 
 come , vivian . '' 
 he gestures for me to follow him . 
 `` we 'll be back soon , '' he tells rian and fox as we pass through the doorway , leaving rian and fox in the small room . 
 i 'm not exactly sure where they are keeping rob . 
 mr. welds said in a cell . 
 there are cells here and they 've locked him up ? 
 we 're back in that vast white hallway again and i 'm walking behind janelle and mr. welds , wondering why rob wants to see me . 
 we pass through another door and this time , enter a narrow white hallway . 
 except this is n't just regular hallway . 
 on each side of the walls , there are cells . 
 regular prison cells ... containing live people . 
 they stare at me as i enter and i try not to pay attention to them too much . 
 my stomach twists a little . 
 they lock people up ? 
 is it because they 've committed crimes ? 
 `` very well , '' mr. welds says . 
 `` janelle will take it from here . 
 rob is a few cells away . 
 you 'll find him . '' 
 he leaves me with janelle . 
 a familiar voice calls out , `` janelle ? 
 dara ! '' 
 then a hand squeezes through the bars of a cell not too far away from me . 
 it 's rob 's . 
 janelle gently pushes me forward , toward rob . 
 as we near his cell , he stares at me , not saying a word . 
 i clench and unclench my sweaty hands a couple of times and wipe them on my jeans . 
 rob 's eyes switch to janelle , then to me . 
 then back and forth again . 
 janelle sighs with annoyance . 
 `` she 's here , robin . 
 now talk . '' 
 chapter 18 vivian rob stares at us , his expression not angry nor evil . 
 he says , `` dara ! '' 
 `` shut up , '' janelle snaps angrily . 
 if she loved him or whatever , she is sure not showing it right now . 
 she seems impatient and irritated . 
 had they broken up ? 
 is what i 'm wondering . 
 `` you wanted to talk to her , then talk . 
 please , '' she adds , her impatient tone not changing . 
 `` we have n't got all day . '' 
 rob wraps his fingers around the cell bars and looks at me , saying quietly , `` you killed my father . '' 
 i want to snort with laughter . 
 he has repeated this so many times and i do n't understand why he just ca n't stop . 
 janelle hisses , `` listen robin , if that 's all you want to tell her , then this is a waste of my time . 
 of our time . '' 
 she points a finger at me and herself . 
 rob glares at me but i do n't feel afraid . 
 he has no weapons and he 's behind cell bars . 
 he 's not scaring me . 
 `` that 's not it , '' he says . 
 `` she has to see the proof with her own eyes . '' 
 janelle puts a hand on my shoulder and i suddenly feel uncomfortable . 
 `` she does n't have to see anything . 
 the past is the past . 
 she has to let it - '' `` no , '' i cut in , brushing janelle 's arm away . 
 `` i actually want to see it . '' 
 janelle does n't look away from me as she says , `` your stomach might be too weak to handle this . '' 
 i do n't know if it will or not . 
 in answer , i shrug very slowly . 
 `` so you still have the proof ? 
 a video ? '' 
 i ask . 
 janelle gaze shifts over to rob , then she looks back at me . 
 `` um ... no . 
 no , of course not . '' 
 oh , really ? 
 i know she 's lying . 
 she does n't want me to see it . 
 but why ? 
 rob does n't play along with janelle . 
 `` they keep most of the records in an ` employees only ' room , '' he says . 
 `` trusted workers with access . '' 
 janelle pounds her fist on the cell 's bars and a loud bang rings throughout the room . 
 i jump in surprise and grimace . 
 that must 've hurt . 
 most of the people here have turned their eyes on us . 
 they have stopped talking to listen to our conversation . 
 `` you 're not allowed to enter it , '' janelle tells me . 
 `` amateurs like you could tear the whole place apart as soon as you step in . 
 we do n't need that . '' 
 `` i thought you just said you do n't have the proof , '' i say . 
 janelle 's voice turns cold . 
 `` i lied , and i 'm not giving you permission to access it . '' 
 `` but i 'd like to see it , '' i say . 
 i turn to rob . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` ms. vivian , '' janelle says . 
 `` when something is classified , you are expected to stay away from it , do n't you understand that ? 
 now robin , '' she says to rob . 
 `` will that be all of our precious time you will waste ? '' 
 `` no , dara , '' rob says . 
 `` look , just show her the stupid proof so she 'll know what she did . 
 you ca n't hide it forever . '' 
 `` we can if we want to , '' janelle says firmly . 
 `` people should be ridden of their past lives in their new world . 
 whatever jack has told you about your past , '' she tells me , `` is all you should know . '' 
 rob focuses back on me . 
 `` my mother wanted me to avenge my father 's death once she heard the murderer was living here . '' 
 he pauses as if deciding if he should say the next thing . 
 he shakes his head lightly and snorts quietly . 
 `` i was actually willing to kill you . 
 now it seems like a stupid idea . '' 
 janelle crosses her arms . 
 `` maybe it 's because you 're behind bars and you ca n't do anything . 
 we 're still not letting you out . '' 
 rob looks up at the ceiling and closes his eyes . 
 after a few seconds , he lets out a sigh and looks up . 
 `` dara - '' a male voice from one of the cells cuts him off . 
 `` they 're not letting you out , you dimwit . '' 
 most of the room is still silent and everyone continues to watch us . 
 `` they should , '' rob says . 
 `` i 've been living here for thirty years . 
 i 'm a scientist - '' `` riiiiight , '' the same voice says . 
 i do n't know which cell it 's coming from . 
 `` you 're a scientist . '' 
 rob grits his teeth and slams a hand on the bars . 
 damn . 
 he 's just like janelle . 
 does n't he know it 's painful ? 
 he does n't show any pain , though . 
 `` i designed a heart , '' he nearly yells . 
 `` would n't you call me a scientist ? '' 
 `` calm down . '' 
 janelle mutters . 
 i could say the same thing to her . 
 she punched the cell too . 
 rob does n't listen to her . 
 `` would n't you ? '' 
 he says to the spot the male voice is coming from . 
 `` no , '' the voice answers . 
 `` no , i would n't . 
 more like an engineer . 
 hell , maybe a random human being they asked to help . '' 
 are they really arguing about what rob 's position here is ? 
 is that all rob wanted to tell me ? 
 you killed my father , now go see the proof ? 
 janelle 's thinking the same thing . 
 she takes a breath . 
 `` robin , if that will be all , i think we 're heading out . '' 
 she 's about to turn toward the door when rob says , `` show her the proof of the murder , dara . 
 that 's all i need you to do . 
 my mother wants her to see it . 
 do it , dara . '' 
 what i do n't understand is why would a thirty year old man think it 's normal to obey this mother 's orders of murdering someone who had killed his father . 
 does n't he know it wo n't help anything ? 
 i really doubt rob even knew his father . 
 he 's thirty years old , right ? 
 rob said i had killed someone thirty years ago . 
 either rob was a one month old baby when i assassinated his father , or he was close to being born . 
 this is strange . 
 i still ca n't believe i actually have blood on my hands from a really long time ago . 
 that seems impossible . 
 i 'm not capable of killing anyone . 
 i was too weak to even knock rob out . 
 i need to see this proof . 
 i need to see what i 've done . 
 janelle sighs again . 
 `` enough about your mother . 
 be glad she 's not locked up like you . 
 but if she ever tries anything , we will be sure to lock her up . '' 
 if she tries anything ? 
 she 's alive ? 
 `` wait , wait , wait , '' i say , holding up a finger . 
 `` is she here ? 
 in this building ? '' 
 janelle gives a small nod . 
 `` alive and breathing . '' 
 `` h-how old ? '' 
 `` fifty-seven , '' rob says . 
 i 'm a little bit scared now . 
 maybe it has something to do with there being someone else in this building willing to kill me . 
 if rob 's locked up , there 's a chance his mother will come after me to finish the job he did n't complete . 
 `` does-does she know how i look like ? '' 
 i ask , clasping my hands nervously in front of me . 
 `` she 's seen pictures of your face . '' 
 i swallow and stare at a bar of a cell . 
 `` she wo n't come after you , '' janelle tries to reassure me . 
 `` we 'll keep an eye on her and give her a warning . '' 
 i shake my head , not because i 'm disagreeing with janelle -lrb- which i 'm not -rrb- , but because i think this is ridiculous . 
 there are two people who want to kill me now because of a crime i 'm not even sure i committed . 
 if mr. welds said i did , then it might actually be true . 
 it probably is . 
 i just ca n't really grasp that idea . 
 me ? 
 killing a person ? 
 `` show it to her and i 'll leave you alone , '' rob says to janelle . 
 `` you wo n't hear from me again . '' 
 i do n't know what he means by that . 
 but how about me ? 
 if janelle wo n't hear from him , will i not hear from him ever again either ? 
 is he going to stop trying to avenge his father 's death ? 
 janelle sighs , `` robin , i do n't see how this will solve anything . 
 her seeing an assassination wo n't do anything for us . '' 
 it will do something for me . 
 i 'd get to see myself ... murdering someone . 
 how did i do it ? 
 `` i want her to see it - '' rob starts but janelle has already grabbed my arm and she 's pulling me toward the door , where i see mr. welds is already standing . 
 when did he get here ? 
 janelle seems startled to see mr. welds there too because she freezes for a few seconds . 
 she glances at rob , who has gone silent , and continues walking to mr. welds , pulling me along with her . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 mr. welds asks , arching his eyebrows . 
 `` was it anything important ? '' 
 janelle seems like she 's in a hurry to get out of here . 
 she starts shaking her head even before mr. welds has finished speaking . 
 `` no sir , '' she says . 
 `` how long have you been standing here ? '' 
 mr. welds glances at his wrist , pulling his sleeve back a little to reveal a thin and white watch . 
 he inspects it for a few seconds before saying , `` not too long . 
 i stepped inside here a few seconds ago . '' 
 he opens the door and janelle and i step out into the large hallway again . 
 `` mr. welds ? '' 
 i ask as soon as he closes the door behind him , but not before giving everyone in the cells a small wave . 
 `` yes , ms. clancy ? '' 
 `` could i get - ? '' 
 janelle grabs my arm . 
 `` vivian , your question may not be that important . 
 please be quiet while we walk . '' 
 what ? 
 my question is not important ? 
 i want to ask mr. welds if i could get permission to see the video of the assassination of rob 's father . 
 how is that not important ? 
 but i know she said that because she does n't want me to ask mr. welds about it . 
 i guess she strongly supports their let go of the past and start over nonsense . 
 i decide not to continue my question , but mr. welds questions me . 
 `` pardon , ms. clancy ? 
 could you get what ? '' 
 `` sir , are we headed back to fox and rian ? '' 
 janelle asks him quickly before i get a chance to say anything . 
 mr. welds nods . 
 `` yes . 
 we have to perform a short test before the mission . 
 i was thinking maybe it 'll be a good idea to do that a couple days before the launch of the project . '' 
 he turns to me . 
 `` ms. clancy , what were you saying ? '' 
 i open my mouth but janelle asks something again . 
 `` sir , did you tell them everything about the suits ? '' 
 ugh . 
 janelle keeps distracting mr. welds from whatever i want to ask . 
 why ca n't she just let me ask the stupid question ? 
 mr. welds shakes his head slowly . 
 `` not everything , dr. janelle , '' he says . 
 `` i do n't really think they want to know every detail of the suits ' creation . 
 we did n't tell you about the glass , ms. clancy , did we ? '' 
 well i guess janelle succeeded in changing the subject . 
 `` what glass ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` then we did n't , '' mr. welds says . 
 `` you remember the self-healing glass you said you saw that time rob locked you out ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` we have improved it and used it on the suits to cover the face . '' 
 i 'm not sure how to react to that so i just nod my head . 
 `` now , ms. clancy ... what did you want to ask - ? '' 
 `` sir , '' janelle interrupts . 
 `` sir , why wo n't you use regular glass ? 
 why use glass that heals ? '' 
 she 's getting a little annoying . 
 i know she 's just thinking of random questions to ask him just so she could steer him away from what i want to ask . 
 mr. welds has a confused look on his face . 
 `` dr. janelle , why exactly would you ask that ? 
 do n't you already know ? '' 
 `` sorry , sir , '' she mumbles . 
 `` just thought vivian should know . '' 
 `` if vivian was interested in it , she would have asked me herself . 
 and it 's because it 's extremely cold . 
 the glass could shatter . 
 we invented a stronger type of glass . 
 and please , dr. janelle , stop interrupting ms. clancy . 
 she has a question . '' 
 janelle purses her lips and moves herself so she 's walking behind us . 
 she stays silent and i glance at her . 
 she 's looking straight ahead with a frown on her face . 
 `` ask away , ms. clancy , '' mr. welds says . 
 i scratch behind my head and wonder if i should ask or not . 
 i make my decision . 
 `` could i see rob 's father 's assassination ? '' 
 i say really quickly , hoping mr. welds understands what i just said . 
 `` you want to see the news ? '' 
 mr. welds asks , raising both eyebrows . 
 `` the live footage ? 
 i mean , it 's not live anymore but are you really interested in it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 janelle sighs behind us . 
 mr. welds laughs a little . 
 `` ms. clancy , you obviously are not willing to let go of your past . '' 
 that 's what i already said . 
 `` are you sure you want to see it ? '' 
 mr. welds asks . 
 `` are you positive ? 
 you want to see yourself shooting a human being ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say again , reluctantly this time . 
 mr. welds shrugs as if he ca n't change my decision . 
 but he can . 
 all he has to do is tell me how bloody it will be . 
 how scary it will be . 
 how - `` you want to see it as soon as possible ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` um ... sure . '' 
 asap . 
 when mr. welds asked me how soon i want to see it , i was n't sure how soon i was going to see it . 
 it 's very soon . 
 like ... now . 
 i 'm sitting here , in an office -lrb- not a records room like janelle had said the video was located in -rrb- . 
 mr. welds sits behind a desk and i sit in a chair in front of the desk . 
 janelle had left us to go to rian and fox . 
 i 'm not sure if they 're going to start the short test mr. welds had been talking about earlier . 
 there 's a tablet in my hand . 
 it 's turned off and mr. welds urges me to turn it on . 
 i do , placing two fingers in the corner of the screen like i 'd done my first time here . 
 huh . 
 my first time . 
 it feels so long ago but i 've been here for just a few days . 
 i take a deep breath as the screen lights up . 
 mr. welds hands me a tiny object looking a lot like a usb drive . 
 he tells me to insert it into the tablet . 
 after several confusing seconds of trying to find the place i 'm supposed to put it in , i finally find it . 
 a window pops up on the tablet 's screen . 
 it 's black at first and i do n't see any `` play '' button . 
 i 'm not even sure if this window is a video . 
 `` are you ready , ms. clancy ? '' 
 mr. welds asks , folding his hands on the desk . 
 he has probably watched this video many times so it does n't bother him anymore . 
 for me , this will be my first time watching . 
 watching myself actually kill someone . 
 am i ready ? 
 mr. welds has already asked me this question before . 
 but he had meant if i was ready to help with the mission . 
 now he means if i 'm ready to see myself shooting a person . 
 i do n't know . 
 am i ready ? 
 i nod my head and mr. welds says , `` play the video . 
 click the screen . '' 
 chapter 19 vivian the video begins and my heart starts pounding . 
 the scene is in a public location . 
 there are loud crowds looking up at a stage and cameramen walking around . 
 i do n't know how soon i will show up . 
 the camera switches to a view of the stage , where a wooden podium stands . 
 there are two people dressed in black on either side of the podium . 
 bodyguards . 
 behind them , there is a door . 
 it opens and i find myself holding my breath . 
 a tall man steps out , wearing a perfectly neat black suit . 
 the camera zooms in and my vision turns a little fuzzy as soon as i see his face features resemble rob 's . 
 that 's his father . 
 this is it . 
 it 's the man i killed . 
 this leader . 
 thomas garmin . 
 my grip on the tablet tightens and i grit my teeth . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i see mr. welds watching me . 
 in the video , rob 's father -- thomas -- walks over to the podium . 
 the two body guards by his side salute him , blank expressions on their faces . 
 my heart just complete stops and i think i 'm going to faint . 
 i recognize one of the body guards . 
 it 's me , vivian . 
 i 'm one of the body guards . 
 the other body guard by my side is unfamiliar . 
 my heart is racing so fast now and my hands are trembling . 
 i 'm having a hard time holding the tablet . 
 here i am , here i am , here i am . 
 me . 
 i look so different . 
 vivian 's -lrb- in the video -rrb- face is blank and her hair is brown , the same color as mine right now . 
 it 's pulled up into a ponytail . 
 i 'm starting to wonder how she got to where she 's standing now . 
 she 's so close to the man she 's going to kill . 
 what 's going through her head ? 
 how is she feeling ? 
 i ca n't tell because her expression is blank . 
 there is no fear , no happiness , no sadness on her face . 
 thomas sets a sheet of paper down onto the podium and clears his throat . 
 there is a microphone attached to his ear . 
 the large crowd goes silent after several seconds . 
 the camera zooms out so i can see the whole body of thomas and the two body guards . 
 thomas starts with a speech . 
 he clears his throat and begins with a loud voice , `` we are gathered here today in honor of independence day . 
 yes , it was yesterday , but i felt it would do you all good to take a day off from work . 
 before we celebrate this , i 'd like to inform you of an incident that has occurred . 
 you are all aware of the increase of members in the rebellion . 
 we do n't want our country to fall ... '' i 'm not paying attention to his words anymore . 
 my attention has gone to vivian in the video . 
 her hand is slowly curling into a fist . 
 i brace myself for what 's about to happen . 
 nothing yet . 
 i continue to wait , thomas ' speech sounding a little muffled to me right now . 
 vivian 's eyes start to scan the crowd . 
 she 's probably waiting for a signal of some sort . 
 since rian had been part of the rebellion too , was he in this crowd somewhere ? 
 in the video , the sudden sound of a gunshot frightens the crowd . 
 they begin to scatter . 
 in the middle of all the people , a fire has started . 
 the camera switches back to thomas and the two body guards . 
 he has stopped speaking and a frightened look has crossed over his face . 
 vivian is still standing in place , not panicking . 
 the other bodyguard by thomas ' side is very still too . 
 then vivian moves . 
 she twists around to come face to face with thomas while reaching behind her and pulling something out from behind her back . 
 a gun . 
 she presses it to thomas 's forehead and ... she shoots . 
 i nearly fall over . 
 i killed someone . 
 thomas ' body flies backward a couple of feet from the force of the bullet and he collapses onto the floor , his body limp . 
 he 's dead ... and i killed him . 
 the tablet nearly drops from my hand . 
 i did kill someone . 
 in the video , vivian has already started running . 
 the door thomas had come out of has been bashed open for her so she slips through it before anyone else can react . 
 the camera goes black . 
 i do n't know what happened to me after that . 
 i think it 's the end of the video but after a few seconds , the screen on the tablet lights up again and a woman stands in front of a camera , a microphone in her hand . 
 she 's wearing a white blouse along with a neat and crisp gray skirt . 
 a blue bar appears on the bottom of the screen . 
 her name is written across it . 
 reporter julianna stuns . 
 she is a reporter . 
 there are tears in her eyes and her voice cracks a little as she speaks into her microphone . 
 `` thomas garmin 's assassination is extremely tragic . 
 as you can see - '' she sniffs and points at the crowd behind her `` - the crowds are going wild and there is chaos . 
 it is clear who is responsible for this assassination . 
 the resistance . 
 the rebellion , widely known as chaos . 
 they have caused this chaos , thus their name . '' 
 the screen goes black again and this time , the video has ended . 
 i 'm staring at the tablet and mr. welds is still watching me . 
 i feel sick . 
 my head is spinning and i think i 'm going to vomit . 
 i drop the tablet onto the desk next to me and try to take deep breaths as i stare at the floor . 
 i killed someone , i killed someone , i killed someone . 
 mr. welds has an amused look on his face . 
 he tilts his head a little . 
 `` would you like to see your murder ? '' 
 i swallow and continuing breathing slowly , about to shake my head . 
 but yes , i want to see my death , i just ca n't make myself answer him . 
 `` y-yes , '' i finally manage . 
 `` ms. clancy , it is obvious you ca n't take this . 
 perhaps you do n't want to see it ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i do want to see the other video . '' 
 mr. welds shrugs and reaches behind the desk , pulling out another small flash drive . 
 `` these are shortened versions of the whole video . 
 `` is n't the proof supposed to be in some records room ? 
 i take the flash drive from him with trembling hands . 
 once the tablet is back in my hands , i insert this next usb . 
 the same thing happens and a window pops up . 
 i click the screen and clench the tablet as hard as i can . 
 the video begins in a crowded place again . 
 there is a stage but it 's a different one . 
 the crowd is throwing things and yelling protests and words i ca n't really hear . 
 and there are five people lined up on the stage , on their knees with their hands chained behind their backs . 
 a figure stands in front of them . 
 i do n't know who he is . 
 the camera does n't focus on his face . 
 however , it does pass over each of the five people 's faces . 
 they look tired and frightened at the same time . 
 i recognize two of the five people right away . 
 and i nearly burst into tears . 
 i sniff . 
 there 's me again . 
 then there 's rian . 
 the me in the video is right next to him . 
 they exchange glances , their expressions hopeless and ready to welcome death . 
 that thought brings tears to my eyes . 
 i use the back of my hand to wipe them , along with my nose . 
 no . 
 i ca n't just die . 
 but i did . 
 i ca n't redo it . 
 another man appears . 
 he stands behind one of the chained people . 
 a woman who 's looking down at the ground . 
 i ca n't breath anymore as he grabs her by the neck and pulls her head back . 
 the unknown figure who has n't showed his face yet walks up to her . 
 there is a large knife in his hand . 
 i hold back a scream as he drives it through her heart three times , red splattering on the stage . 
 she falls limp and the figure moves on to the next person . 
 none of the four people left are doing anything . 
 they 're not fighting back . 
 rian is next in line to be stabbed . 
 i ca n't take it anymore . 
 i throw the tablet onto the desk just as i hear a female voice scream . 
 the scream belongs to me , in the video . 
 i 'm screaming rian 's name . 
 i shut my ears and run out the door , tears streaming down my face . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 did i really think i could watch this ? 
 i hear mr. welds calling , `` do n't you want to see the face of your murderer ? '' 
 chapter 20 vivian seven days have passed . 
 there are only three days left until the mission . 
 three days . 
 this is the day they have decided to do that test . 
 by test , they mean : insert a tracker into the subject 's arm , and take a blood sample . 
 my head spins after i 'm finished with the test so they hand me a pill . 
 but i freak out . 
 i 'm afraid the pill is going to kill me . 
 i clench it into the palm of my hand and force myself to calm down . 
 i 've been trying to hide this strange condition for the past week . 
 it had started after i had watched those two videos . 
 it had not been a very good idea . 
 the day i saw the proof , i ran out of the room and had n't come back ever since . 
 because i have not come back to finish the video , my murderer 's face is still unknown . 
 he 's probably dead by now anyway . 
 i close my eyes and hold my breath , popping the pill into my mouth and trying to reassure myself that it wo n't kill me . 
 i hate that video . 
 fox and rian are still being tested and i sit here , waiting alone in small , empty room , sitting in a chair . 
 there are two doors here . 
 one leads out into the large white hallway while the other one leads into the testing room , where rian , fox , and a couple of doctors are in . 
 i run my index finger over the spot on my forearm . 
 a small red line marks the place where they had injected the tracker in . 
 now i have two trackers . 
 ones signal only reaches inside the building , while this new one was specially made to track me while i 'm outside . 
 `` it 's an improved version , '' they had said to me . 
 i wonder if i can pull the tracker out of my arm . 
 it was not inserted too deep into my flesh . 
 in fact , i think i can see a small black sphere through my skin . 
 i shiver and avert my eyes from my arm . 
 that would n't be a good idea . 
 the door opens and i look up to see fox walking out of the testing room , something between a smirk and a smile plastered on his face . 
 i guess rian is n't finished yet . 
 fox takes a seat in a chair next to mine . 
 he inhales a deep breath and stretches his long legs out . 
 `` three days , '' he says . 
 `` can you believe it ? 
 three days and we 'll be outside . 
 ah , i have n't been able to touch air in so long . 
 there 's - '' `` you still wo n't be able to touch it . 
 it 's poisonous . 
 you 'll be wearing a suit , do n't forget , '' i say . 
 `` i did n't forget . 
 i was talking about the time when they 'll clean the earth 's air . 
 then i 'll be able to go outside . '' 
 `` if the machine works . '' 
 `` stop being so pessimistic , '' he says . 
 `` stop being so optimistic . '' 
 `` at least i have hope . '' 
 then it 's silent and fox starts tapping his foot on the floor . 
 it echoes a little so he starts drumming his fingers on the chair . 
 beats bounce off the walls , making a pretty cool musical sound . 
 if not for the video i watched and what 's coming up in three days , i would relax and listened to the song . 
 but it annoys me more than it should so i drop my head into my hands and shut my eyes . 
 the music stops but i do n't look up . 
 `` am i annoying you ? '' 
 fox 's voice asks . 
 i rub my face with my hands and look up . 
 `` i 'm just tired , '' i lie . 
 but i 'm more awake than ever . 
 everywhere i turn , there seem to be a way i could die . 
 even the chair i 'm sitting on . 
 it can shatter from right under me and impale me and - god , what is wrong with me ? 
 stupid , stupid , stupid video . 
 with every stupid word i think , i smack my hand against my forehead . 
 fox must think i 'm crazy right now . 
 i 'm not doing a very good job hiding my frustration . 
 `` um ... '' fox says . 
 `` are you ... okay ? '' 
 i turn to him and see he 's leaning away like he 's afraid to be near a crazy me . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say , turning back to my hands . 
 `` when is rian coming ? '' 
 fox looks toward the door . 
 `` soon . 
 he was almost done when i finished . '' 
 and the door opens and rian steps out . 
 fox adds with a laugh , `` speak of the devil ... and he shall appear . '' 
 he jumps to his feet and both he and rian head toward the exit door . 
 i slowly pull myself from my chair and trail behind them . 
 i hear fox say to rian , `` girl over there does n't look too good . '' 
 he turns his head slightly to me . 
 `` you do n't look so good , '' he repeats . 
 rian glances at me and stops by the door , his hand mid-reach toward the doorknob . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i do n't know how obvious the sick look on my face is but it must be obvious enough . 
 i answer , `` i 'm doing fine . '' 
 fox opens the door before rian does , and steps out into the hallway . 
 `` you do n't look fine , '' he calls over his shoulder . 
 rian sighs and takes a few steps toward me . 
 `` do you need anything ? 
 medicine ? 
 food maybe ? '' 
 not medicine , but food sounds good right now . 
 rian says , `` you look pretty terrible , i 'm not gon na lie . '' 
 my hand goes to my forehead as the world spins for a second . 
 the second passes and i feel fine again . 
 i try to straighten up a little and move toward the door . 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' i say to rian . 
 fox shrugs even though i 'm not talking to him , and continues walking out into the hallway , the door swinging shut behind him . 
 i push it open and follow him out with rian behind me . 
 `` are you sure you 'll be okay ? '' 
 yes . 
 i do n't think i 'll collapse . 
 i nod . 
 `` hey , slow pokes , '' fox calls . 
 `` will you pick up the pace ? '' 
 `` where would we possibly be going ? '' 
 rian calls back . 
 fox turns toward us but continues to walk , only backward . 
 he spreads his arms out . 
 `` well , it 's lunch time right now and i figured i could talk to you guys , you know , since i 'll be working with you in a life or death mission . 
 i do n't want you to hate me . '' 
 he slows down to let us catch up to him . 
 there 's nothing to talk about , so most of our way to the cafeteria is silent . 
 not a lot of people are heading in the same direction we are so i think most of the cafeteria is already filled . 
 we 'll be there later than usual . 
 the large entrance door to the lunch room is jammed with people when we reach it . 
 there is a large line of people waiting to get their food . 
 fox pushes through the crowd blocking the doorway and waits for a few seconds for me and rian to catch up to him . 
 as i try to squeeze through the crowd , a few people elbow me and a couple even push me away . 
 rian and fox manage to get farther through the crowd than me and i start to feel left behind . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say . 
 my voice comes out weak and quiet so i 'm not even sure if anyone hears me . 
 i clear my throat and keep moving , shooting out a few `` excuse me 's '' to let people know i want to pass . 
 i finally detach myself from the crowd and step into a small open space . 
 it 's tiny but at least i feel better not being pressed to death by bodies . 
 rian and fox stand by me and i jump a little . 
 i had n't seen them and i have no idea when they even got here . 
 i had thought i lost them . 
 `` should we cut to the middle of the line ? '' 
 fox yells over the noise . 
 he says this as if he cuts people in line everyday . 
 `` no , '' rian answers him . 
 `` well they should let us cut since we 're the special people . '' 
 he looks around for , i 'm guessing , the end of the line . 
 he spots it and a disappointing frown appears on his face . 
 the line of people winds around the whole room . 
 this line is longer than i have seen . 
 `` we 're not special , '' i say . 
 `` we 're just regular people . 
 and you have to be patient . '' 
 `` yeah , but the line decreases so slowly ! '' 
 fox exclaims as he starts winding through the crowd and toward the end of the line . 
 rian and i follow him . 
 but instead of reaching the end of the line of people , he slips into the line somewhere halfway down . 
 the girl we have cut in front of gives all three of us dirty looks . 
 she does n't say anything and neither do we . 
 i hope she 's not angry enough to kill me - shut up , me . 
 the line of people trying to get their food continues to decrease until finally , fox , rian , and i are five people away from the `` food picking panel . '' 
 fox gets his food first while rian goes next . 
 they wait for me while i get mine , and we set off on a journey , trying to look for a table to sit at . 
 fox seems to know where he wants to go because he practically speedwalks across the whole cafeteria , and plops down at a table , where a few people sitting close by greet him as he comes . 
 i 'm guessing those are his friends . 
 rian sits down next to him and i slowly follow him . 
 it 's a tight squeeze so i try to keep my arms as close to my body as possible . 
 i 'm pressed up against rian and some random dude . 
 it makes me feel really uncomfortable to the point of me not being able to breath . 
 i do n't like this . 
 it 's too warm . 
 i do n't want to suffocate . 
 i look around at the people sitting at this part of the table and am very surprised to see a few familiar faces . 
 megan , verity , addison , and jimmy -lrb- the two people from that dinner with mr. welds -rrb- . 
 right between megan and verity , sits a girl looking younger than the two of them . 
 i believe that 's their twelve year old sister , fawn . 
 she looks very similar to megan , their red hair about the same length . 
 verity must have had red hair too because her dark hair does n't look natural and i think i can see the dye she used wearing out at the top of her head . 
 megan gives me a shy smile and continues stuffing food into her mouth . 
 this is the first time in several days that i 've seen her . 
 i ask , `` hey , how are you getting along here ? '' 
 she brushes a few crumbs from her table area and says with a smile , `` i 'm actually doing pretty good . 
 i 've started taking some classes . 
 i never knew they had school here . '' 
 neither did i. `` hey , hey , hey ! '' 
 a voice booms out from behind me , almost in my ear . 
 rian jumps a little at the sound . 
 i shrink down , knowing who it is already . 
 if he found this table so quickly , that means he and his friends meet here everyday . 
 i turn my head to greet the person standing behind me , my brother . 
 `` any open spots left for me ? '' 
 everyone else is n't really paying attention to piers . 
 except megan . 
 she 's staring at him like she has never seen him here before . 
 `` so , any spots ? '' 
 piers repeats . 
 he brings his face really close to the ear of the guy who 's sitting next to me and nearly shouts out , `` scooch , please . 
 i 'd like to sit by my sister . '' 
 there 's barely any room left to move but the guy does n't say anything . 
 he struggles out of his seat and picks up his food , walking off . 
 i squint my eyes at piers , but he laughs and squeezes into the open seat . 
 he is bigger than the previous guy so now there is even less space left for me . 
 rian tries to give me some space but it does n't work out too well . 
 piers does n't even seem to notice how squished i am between him and rian . 
 piers bites down into his sandwich and chews while saying , `` some guy dropped a flask today back at the lab . 
 he 's lucky it was n't anything toxic or else it would 've made a hole in the floor . '' 
 piers is talking to the people near us at the table . 
 no one seems to be listening to him so i decide to say something just so he does n't feel left out . 
 `` why would they even let people carry toxic material around ? 
 and in a flask ? '' 
 it 's almost impossible to breath from the tight space so my words come out in a grimace . 
 i try to take a deep breath and move my hands slowly toward my food . 
 rian has started talking to fox . 
 i can hear their conversation but they 're not talking about the mission . 
 i 'm not even sure if we 're allowed to mention it in public . 
 verity and her sisters do n't seem to know anything about it . 
 but does n't megan have a tattoo on her hand too ? 
 that means she has an artificial heart . 
 would n't they tell her what 's going on ? 
 piers comments back on what i said earlier but i 'm not listening . 
 i do n't feel like talking to anyone right now . 
 i just want to finish my food and leave . 
 my head does n't seem to be hurting anymore but this place is too tight and hot . 
 in fact , since i want to leave , i think i 'll just do it now ... i tap piers ' arm and say , `` could you move a little bit ? 
 i need room to stand up . '' 
 i 'm aware of it being impossible to move but i ask him anyway . 
 piers blinks at me . 
 `` are you leaving now ? 
 but i only just got here . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm not very comfortable . '' 
 he stares at me with narrowed eyes but tilts as far away from me as he can , completely squishing the person who 's sitting next to him . 
 he mutters a sorry to them while i try to hop to my feet . 
 i finally get out , nearly tripping on the lunch table bench . 
 before i leave , i wave a goodbye to everyone , but they do n't care . 
 rian notices there 's a huge space left in the spot i used to sit in . 
 he turns around . 
 `` hey , where are you going ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` uh , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm leaving . '' 
 i grab my food from the table and set out toward the exit , where i see it 's not as blocked with people as before . 
 that 's a relief . 
 a hand clamps down on my shoulder and i jump , nearly dropping the food in my hands . 
 piers appears by my side . 
 `` how are you feeling about the mission ? '' 
 he asks after we step out into the large hallway , which has a lot less noise . 
 so he does know about that . 
 mr. welds had said that piers is the one who gave them permission to stuff an artificial heart inside me , so of course they 'll tell him when they 're going to use us . 
 `` i 'm feeling fine , '' i say for like the third time today . 
 `` did they tell you that they 're deciding to launch the mission a day earlier ? '' 
 piers asks me . 
 i nearly trip over my feet and half of my food contents plop to the floor . 
 i look down at the slices of fruit and sigh . 
 no , they did not tell me they wanted to launch it a day earlier . 
 here i am trying to fix this weird condition that i have and they just made it worse by moving the launch date of their project up one day . 
 they ca n't do that ! 
 i 'm trying to recover from the horrifying video i watched last week . 
 i ca n't do this anymore , i ca n't do this anymore , i ca n't - shut up , calm down , and breathe . 
 i continue walking , having no destination in mind . 
 `` so you 're okay with that ? '' 
 piers asks , falling into step next to me . 
 `` you 're okay with this mission starting in two days ? '' 
 two days . 
 two days . 
 two days . 
 not three . 
 but two . 
 i rub my forehead and try to get that thought out of my head . 
 i 'll just have to hold myself together . 
 i do n't want to quit this mission . 
 i want to go out there . . 
 i break into a sprint , finally knowing where i need to go . 
 piers is taken by surprise by my sudden action . 
 he stares after me for a few seconds before taking off too . 
 he calls , `` where are you going ? '' 
 i 'm not sure where any of the welds are , but i have a pretty good idea where janelle 's office is located . 
 they ca n't just change the date of the launch without telling me . 
 i have to ask janelle what 's going on . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 piers repeats . 
 i had n't answered him the first time and i 'm not answering now . 
 `` vivian ! '' 
 he says , catching up to me . 
 he 's about to stop me from running any further when i duck under his arm and skid to a stop by a white door . 
 piers watches me , a frown on his face . 
 i push the door open and a feeling of pride washes over me . 
 i actually found janelle 's office . 
 and she 's sitting at her desk . 
 does n't she ever move ? 
 i take a deep breath and try to recover from my sprint . 
 piers appears by my side as i step into the room . 
 `` what do you want from here ? '' 
 he asks , looking around . 
 janelle looks up from her work at the table and spots us . 
 she gives piers a welcoming smile while throwing me a frown . 
 what 's up with that ? 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i walk up to her desk , still panting from the run , and each word sounds emphasized as i say , `` was the project launch date moved up one day ? '' 
 i 'm expecting an instant answer , but it does n't come . 
 `` was it ? '' 
 i ask , a little louder . 
 there are two scientists working on something in the room , and they do n't pay attention to us . 
 i say even louder , waving a hand in janelle 's face , `` hello ? 
 well , was it ? '' 
 janelle gingerly picks a pen up from the table and clicks it once . 
 then one more time . 
 i 'm quickly losing my patience as i wait for her to answer . 
 she clicks the pen another time before clearing her throat , but she does n't say anything . 
 she 's not gon na kill me with the pen , is she ? 
 i shake my head and continue to stare at janelle . 
 she tilts her head a little and narrows her eyes , and i 'm wondering if my random head shake looked strange . 
 i place both of my hands on her desk , asking slowly in mock polite , `` dr. janelle , did they move the date up ? '' 
 i 'm not sure why this is such a big deal that she 's not answering me . 
 instead of her answer , i get piers ' . 
 he says , `` yes , they decided to change it . 
 i already told you . 
 is that why you came here ? '' 
 he grabs my shoulder and pulls me away from her desk , probably afraid i might lunge at her . 
 i have no intention of doing so . 
 i 'm just trying to ask a question . 
 i shrug out of piers ' grip on my shoulder and say , `` why would they change it ? 
 why would they want to start earlier ? '' 
 janelle drops the pen back on the desk and says , `` what 's the matter , ms. vivian ? 
 are you afraid of going outside ? '' 
 there 's a hint of a smirk on her face . 
 `` are you afraid , ms. vivian ? '' 
 she nearly spits my name out . 
 then i realize she 's mocking me . 
 she 's on her feet , her hands pressed against the table 's surface like mine had . 
 that 's embarrassing . 
 she brushes her skirt off and takes a seat back into her chair , folding her hands in front of her . 
 her voice turns back to normal . 
 `` they 've decided to start earlier because they said the sooner they start it , the sooner they can finish . 
 they are too impatient . 
 they believe they 're ready to start it as soon as possible . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i would n't be surprised if they decide to do it tomorrow . '' 
 i feel like my mouth is hanging open . 
 i 'll be outside in two days . 
 that is if i do n't die from a heart attack first . 
 `` when were you going to tell us this ? 
 do fox or rian know about this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` out of you three , you only know about it . 
 we were going to announce it after we 've made it official . '' 
 she points to piers . 
 `` but i suppose mr. smart-pants over there spilled this secret before we had a chance to . '' 
 piers looks away , a smile creeping onto his face . 
 oops , he mouths . 
 `` have you made if official yet ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` almost . '' 
 `` almost ? '' 
 janelle nods and says nothing . 
 i 'm afraid and excited at the same time . 
 i mean , who knows what 's out there . 
 there ca n't possibly be monsters . 
 right ? 
 chapter 21 vivian click , clack . 
 click , clack . 
 click , clack . 
 i listen to the echo of our footsteps on the floor tiles . 
 we 're in a very narrow hallway , heading closer to the door that 's ahead of us . 
 mr. welds is leading the way , fox is behind him , rian walking after him , and me trailing behind him . 
 russell welds , mr. welds ' brother , walks behind me . 
 it 's like we 're in a welds sandwich . 
 the two welds brothers are the bread , and fox , rian , and i are the rest of the ingredients . 
 i slap my face once , trying to wake myself up . 
 now i 'm thinking strange thoughts . 
 are these the symptoms of craziness ? 
 maybe i 'm going crazy . 
 i think i 'm going crazy because ... this is the day . 
 this is the day of the mission . 
 they had moved the date of project launch a day earlier . 
 instead of it being on november 17th like they said , it 's on november 16th . 
 today . 
 and we 're walking to our suits . 
 my heart is pounding so fast and my hands are clenched into fists . 
 everyone else seems calm and contained . 
 why am i the only one freaking out ? 
 we stop by the door and mr. welds turns the doorknob , giving us a small smile . 
 i wonder how he would feel if he was in my , rian 's , or fox 's place , possibly heading to our death . 
 it 's not like they 're positive these hearts will keep us alive . 
 there are many holes in their plan . 
 ca n't they make robots instead of sending humans outside ? 
 mr. welds opens the door but i ca n't see whatever is in the room . 
 fox 's and rian 's tall figures block my view . 
 i 'm much shorter than them . 
 mr. welds , rian , and fox move in the room and i follow them , finally able to see what 's inside here . 
 my eyes immediately land on the switches and machines planted around the room , green and red lights blinking on a few of them . 
 about a dozen people in white uniforms stand inside , some occupied by machines , while others turn to us . 
 two start applauding , big smiles on their faces . 
 i do n't need to be applauded . 
 once mr. welds ' brother steps into the room after me , he closes the door behind him . 
 the room 's walls are n't white . 
 they seem to be made of some sort of gray metal . 
 it 's a lot colder in here and i swear i can actually see clouds of breath escaping from people 's nostrils and mouth . 
 earlier , we had used an elevator to move up several yards closer to the outside . 
 hanging up against the wall , are our brown suits . 
 they look strange when they 're not in their containers . 
 fox walks up to his suit and runs a hand over the material . 
 it makes an odd vvvvp sound . 
 `` we 're putting these on , '' he says to himself , but it 's loud enough for us to hear . 
 the people in the room are amused watching fox admiring the suit . 
 `` um , '' a man speaks up , directing this to fox . 
 `` sir , there 's really nothing special about these suits . 
 they 're just made to protect your skin . '' 
 soft laughter starts in the room , making me smile . 
 i 'm still really nervous about the mission and i have n't forgotten about it . 
 fox pulls his hand away and frowns , `` dude , '' he replies , `` i just wanted to feel the suit . '' 
 mr. welds clears his throat . 
 `` people are observing us through cameras in the room . 
 unfortunately , this room is n't big enough to hold everyone so they 're watching from a camera . '' 
 i look up at the ceiling and inspect the corners , but i ca n't find anything that gives the location of cameras away . 
 i wonder , is piers watching this ? 
 `` are you ready to put your suits on ? '' 
 a woman in the room asks . 
 she should ask if we 're ready to go outside this building . 
 we 'll be outside in about thirty minutes or so . 
 fox rubs his hands together . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 i 'm ready to save the world . '' 
 `` you 're not actually saving the world , '' another man in the room says . 
 `` we 're not even sure if the machine works or not . '' 
 we 're not even sure if the hearts work or not . 
 wow , this guy is really unsure about this . 
 did n't janelle say they 're ready and impatient ? 
 `` speaking of which , '' fox says . 
 `` where exactly is this so called ` machine ? ' '' 
 he looks around the room , waiting for someone 's answer . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 a bald-headed man suddenly says , clapping his hands together . 
 the whole room 's attention turns to him simultaneously . 
 `` the machine - '' he walks up to a wall and taps on it twice `` - is in here . '' 
 the wall slides open to reveal a tiny room , about the width of two yards and a height of two mes , which is about ten feet . 
 inside , there rests a large and basic metal cube . 
 i do n't see any complicated wires sticking out of it ; neither do i see anything else on its surface . 
 just a gray cube . 
 `` that 's the machine ? '' 
 rian says . 
 `` it looks very ... plain . '' 
 the man who has opened the wall says , `` the more unsophisticated its features are , the less frustrated you will become . '' 
 rian does n't say anything . 
 `` and how are we supposed to carry it ? '' 
 fox asks , gesturing to the machine . 
 the man looks over at the people around him , probably hoping someone will answer for him . 
 no one wants to answer again , so he decides to do it himself . 
 he pulls the machine out from its resting place and rotates it around . 
 i start wondering how he could 've pulled it out by himself when i see wheels at the bottom of the cube . 
 wheels help with moving an object around on solid ground ; they do n't really work well on dirt , which i 'm guessing we 'll have to drag it through dirt instead of cement . 
 `` now , '' the man continues , `` you 'll have to insert the chip in here . '' 
 he taps a finger at the top of the cube , where i see a small slit . 
 how big will this chip be exactly ? 
 they have n't showed it to us yet . 
 `` once you insert the chip , it 'll let you have access to a keyboard . 
 you 'll have to type a code in . 
 we 'll give you the code through a radio so that way you would n't need to memorize it , which might take a while . 
 any questions ? '' 
 `` we 'll be talking to you through a radio ? '' 
 fox asks . 
 the man nods . 
 `` anymore questions ? '' 
 he 's talking to me and rian . 
 we have n't said much . 
 i shake my head . 
 i do have questions , but i just do n't think they will be able to answer them . 
 for instance : are you sure this will work ? 
 mr. welds takes a breath , clasping his hand in front of him and letting them fall back down to his side . 
 `` shall we start with the suits now ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' fox says . 
 he pulls his suit down from the wall without asking for permission . 
 mr. welds ' brother takes mine and rian 's suits down too . 
 we are n't even moving . 
 welds hands the suits to us and i take mine first , putting it out in front of me . 
 everyone stares at us and i do n't feel comfortable with all the eyes on me . 
 the suit is made of a tan colored material . 
 the number 42-2 is still written across the front suit . 
 i tap the glass where the face is supposed to be . 
 mr. welds had told me this was self-healing glass . 
 it looks really thin . 
 the suit is heavy too . 
 i flip it to examine its back . 
 there 's a zipper reaching from the head and leading all the way down the spine . 
 could n't air pass through the zipper holes ? 
 rian and fox are looking at their suits too . 
 it 's so quiet in the room except for the rustling sound of the suit material . 
 `` so , '' i break the silence , `` how do we put these on ? '' 
 a woman helps me with my suit . 
 i slip it on and the woman ties a few straps , seals a layer of cloth , and zips the back up . 
 i start trembling once i finish putting the suit on . 
 it 's not because i 'm cold . 
 the interior material is actually warm . 
 it 's the idea of almost going outside that frightens and excites me at the same time . 
 there 's a helmet type thing completely surrounding my head . 
 the pane of glass in front of my face gets fogged up as i breath on it . 
 my breathing is loud in here . 
 my legs start to feel a little itchy because of my jeans and the temperature . 
 i have to stop thinking about suffocating inside here . 
 that just makes everything worse . 
 i pat myself , just trying to get comfortable wearing this piece of junk . 
 then i notice a pocket . 
 i slide my hand inside it but find nothing . 
 is that where i 'll be holding the chip ? 
 rian and fox are in their suits as well . 
 they look uncomfortable as i feel and i want to laugh at fox . 
 he thought it was cool to have his own suit . 
 how does he feel about it now ? 
 `` we 've inserted communication radios inside the suits . 
 you might as well try them out right now . 
 get used to them . '' 
 the voice talking sounds really muffled while i 'm inside this suit . 
 i do a couple of 360 's , trying to locate the voice . 
 unfortunately , he stops talking so i do n't know who said this . 
 `` how do you do th - ? '' 
 i start . 
 there 's a small beep and a quiet static noise starts . 
 it sounds like fox 's . 
 `` well ... this is interesting , '' he says . 
 there 's another beep and mr. welds ' voice says , `` yes , this is quite interesting . 
 ms. clancy , how are you in there ? '' 
 i turn around slowly , trying to find mr. welds . 
 it hard to find people in this heavy suit . 
 when i spot him , i see he 's speaking into a small object around his wrist . 
 i say , `` it 's not the most comfortable thing ever . '' 
 `` we apologize for that . 
 you 'll get used to it . 
 mr. callum , how are you feeling ? '' 
 rian 's radio-sounding voice replies , `` i agree with vivian . '' 
 `` mr. manson , how about you ? '' 
 `` great , '' fox says . 
 he notices the pockets at this side so he slides his hands inside . 
 a baggy figure trying to act casual by putting their hands in their pockets looks strange . 
 mr. welds exchanges a glance with welds . 
 `` are they ready to go ? '' 
 he says . 
 welds gives him a nod and says , `` before we send you out , let 's review the plan . '' 
 i hear someone sigh with annoyance through the radio . 
 i ca n't tell who it is though . 
 i would guess fox . 
 `` we 'll send you to an elevator , '' welds says . 
 `` you 'll have everything you need . 
 the gps , the machine , and the chip . 
 this should only take about an hour and a half . 
 maybe two , depends on how slow you are . 
 but you have plenty of time , just do n't take too long . 
 you wo n't be able to see anything because of the condition of the environment . 
 that 's why you have the gps . 
 the trackers you 've been given a couple days ago will tell us your location . 
 it 's so we know where you are . 
 you reach the area the gps will lead you to , you place the machine , insert the chip , dial the code , then come back . 
 it 's simple . '' 
 sounds easy , right ? 
 `` okay , '' i say . 
 `` where 's the chip ? '' 
 a man steps forward , pulling something out of his pocket . 
 he drops the object into my gloved hand and says , `` we have two more of these chips . 
 so if you lose it - '' we 'll fail the mission . 
 `` - you can always come back and get another one . '' 
 he almost sounds like he 's joking . 
 i look down at my hand to find a thin green chip there . 
 it 's really small and i hope i do n't lose it . 
 i slide it into my suit pocket . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 mr. welds asks through the radio . 
 i nod . 
 rian says , `` yes . '' 
 fox says , `` i am . '' 
 a woman presses the palm of her hand against a wall and -lrb- like the other one -rrb- it slides open , revealing a space big enough to stuff ten people . 
 the inside walls are white and bright . 
 it 's an elevator . 
 the woman gestures for us to step inside and two people push the machine into the elevator once we walk through the doors . 
 someone has already given rian the gps . 
 he 's looking at it . 
 `` you 'll get to an airlock , '' mr. welds says quickly . 
 `` then we 'll open the door . 
 good luck . '' 
 he waves a hand at someone in the room and the elevator doors slide closed . 
 rian , fox , the large machine cube , and i are the only ones in elevator . 
 it lurches upward . 
 i 'm shaking now . 
 `` you okay , guys ? '' 
 rian voices says from the radio . 
 i shake my hands a little . 
 `` nervous , '' i say . 
 `` just relax and it should all be good , '' rian says . 
 there 's silence for a few seconds . 
 then he adds , `` i 'm nervous too . '' 
 `` we all are , '' fox says . 
 the elevator stops and mr. welds voice says , `` a hallway is in front of you . 
 go straight until you reach a door . 
 we 've already opened it for you . '' 
 the elevator doors slide open and fox starts pushing the large cube forward , out into the hallway ahead of us . 
 rian and i follow him . 
 we pass through an open door and enter a small dark room . 
 there 's a round , metal door in front of us . 
 mr. welds ' voice says , `` airlock . '' 
 the open door we had passed through starts to slide closed . 
 slowly . 
 once it seals shut , there 's a deafening buzz , followed by a loud hiss . 
 the round door in front of us starts to open and i try to take steady breaths . 
 i do n't know if i 'm imagining it , but i think the temperature 's dropping . 
 and my heart is pounding . 
 there 's a beep as the round door finishes opening and i gasp at what 's in front of me . 
 i 'm outside . 
 chapter 22 vivian it 's like dense fog . 
 we ca n't really see what 's ten feet in front of us . 
 `` should we hold hands ? '' 
 fox asks , a smirk in his voice . 
 he clears his throat a couple of times and adds , `` so you know , we wo n't get lost . '' 
 a voice sounds from the radio . 
 `` whatever will work for you . '' 
 it 's not familiar . 
 we exchange stiff and awkward glances and fox shrugs . 
 `` just stay close , '' he says , pushing the large cube forward . 
 once his feet touch the earth 's ground , i brace myself for whatever sudden thing that could happen next . 
 nothing happens and fox continues moving with the machine , the wheels riding over the dirt easier than i had thought they would . 
 my feet hit the ground and i realize the dirt is as hard as cement . 
 it 's frozen . 
 there are a few black and dead plants scattered around the spots i can see . 
 i step on a plant to see how it feels like . 
 completely frozen solid . 
 it does n't shatter though . 
 if it 's cold here , is there snow ? 
 where 's the ice ? 
 how about the wind ? 
 every seems completely still . 
 `` i guess these hearts work if we 're still alive , '' rian 's voice comes from the radio as he walks up beside me . 
 all three of us stop just so we could look around . 
 there 's really nothing to look at , but i want to get as much of this into my head as i can . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 inside my gloves , my hands are starting to feel a little cold . 
 i do n't know if it 's just the cold , or because i 'm nervous . 
 i 'm not exactly sure what the full purpose of these artificial hearts are . 
 do they keep me warm ? 
 rian pulls the gps out of his pocket and brings it really close to his face . 
 i 'm not sure how hard it is to see the gps 's screen through the glass . 
 rian points behind him . 
 `` it 's telling us to go that way . '' 
 mr. welds ' voice suddenly sounds in my ear . 
 `` you 're all still alive , right ? 
 you 're okay ? '' 
 rian , fox , and i answer at the same time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` alright , '' someone else 's voice says . 
 `` just follow your path . '' 
 rian points behind him again and all three of us spin around , fox slowly rotating the machine toward his front . 
 the next time mr. welds ' voice says something , it sounds a little shaky . 
 `` okay . 
 you 're all still alive . 
 just continue moving toward the proper location . 
 everyone 's still alright ? '' 
 rian and fox both say yes , stretching the eee out . 
 i say , `` i 'm a little cold . '' 
 maybe not a little . 
 my hands feel stiff and my feet feel wet ; cold stings my toes . 
 mr. welds does n't answer . 
 rian does instead . 
 `` you 're cold ? 
 i 'm not . '' 
 `` me neither . 
 could be the nerves , '' fox says . 
 `` you 're not feeling dizzy or anything ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 maybe i 'm just overreacting . 
 mr. welds finally says , `` the screen reads positive . 
 nothing looks wrong . '' 
 then it might be from the nerves . 
 `` wo n't the machine freeze ? '' 
 fox asks as we pass the small building we had come out of . 
 this dust or fog or whatever it is does not seem to be passing . 
 `` no , '' a female voice answers from the radio . 
 not mr. welds ' . 
 we keep moving , rian in front of us with the gps . 
 fox starts struggling with the machine as we walk farther so i walk over to help him . 
 the amount of dead plants seem to be increasing and i think i see frost on some now . 
 part of my gloves and arms are starting to turn white with frost as well . 
 frost has started to accumulate on rian 's and fox 's suits too as we head deeper into the fog . 
 no one else speaks into the radio to check up on us . 
 we continue walking and my teeth start chattering . 
 there 's frost on the glass over my face so i use my hand to wipe it . 
 i 'm shivering by now and i swear the fog has actually become thicker and i feel as if i 'm walking into tiny bits of ice frozen in the air . 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 fox says , grimacing with every push of the machine . 
 we 're moving slower than when we started . 
 `` it does n't say the distance , '' rian answers . 
 a voice that sounds like welds ' says from the radio , `` vivian , your heart battery decreased by fifteen percent . '' 
 i stopped walking to reply back . 
 my voice is trembling and my chin feels feels frozen . 
 i 'm having a difficult time forming a sentence . 
 what 's going on ? 
 `` i-i-i-is t-tha ... ba-ba-bad ? '' 
 no one answers and i do n't think they heard what i said . 
 i let out a large breath of air and the glass in my face fogs up . 
 will i ever run out of oxygen ? 
 i trip over a stone-hard clump of grass and nearly fall to my face . 
 a sharp pang of cold strikes through my chest and i fall to one knee . 
 i grunt and pull myself to my feet , a hand over my chest . 
 fox and rian walk over to me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 rian asks . 
 at the same time , fox says , `` you okay ? '' 
 welds voice sounds worried and hurried as he says , `` vivian , your percentage just dropped by twenty . 
 something 's not right . '' 
 i cringe and clench my hands into fists as another blast of cold passes through me . 
 my feet feel completely frozen . 
 rian looks down at the screen of his gps and whispers , `` i have an exact distance now . 
 seventy-five yards . 
 we 're almost there . '' 
 he wraps his arm around my waist and pulls me all the way to my feet . 
 i lean into him a little and try to walk . 
 it does n't work out too well . 
 fox attempts to run forward , dragging the machine with him . 
 it 's getting too heavy so he barely moves a meter . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' he echoes rian . 
 `` we can make it . 
 come on ! 
 hang in there . '' 
 i stumble forward and nearly collapse . 
 rian grip on me tightens and he grabs my arm and rights me . 
 `` what are you feeling like ? '' 
 `` c-cold . '' 
 i inch forward . 
 my feet have regained some feeling . 
 just as that happens , welds ' voice says from the radio , `` vivian , your heart percentage just rose ten percent . '' 
 i 'm not really sure what the percentages are for . 
 if it reaches zero , what would happen ? 
 welds voice says , `` stop . 
 this is obviously a disaster . 
 i suggest you head back . '' 
 another voice fills my ear . 
 `` no ! '' 
 it 's not familiar but it 's a male 's . 
 `` they 've gotten this far ! 
 they ca n't stop now . '' 
 a woman 's voice argues . 
 `` but she 's dying . 
 look at her percentage ! '' 
 what 's my percentage ? 
 my lips move but no sound comes out of them . 
 i close my eyes briefly . 
 when i open them , i swallow and try again . 
 `` what 's m-my p-p-percent ... ? '' 
 `` fifty-four . 
 it started with seventy-nine , '' another woman 's voice says . 
 `` bring her back . 
 not fox and not rian . '' 
 `` she wo n't be able to make it on her own ! '' 
 another voice yells . 
 `` fox 's percent is fine . 
 it 's an 84 . 
 he 's fine . 
 rian 's is dropping as well . 
 but very slowly . 
 eighty-two percent right now . '' 
 all of these voices make my head dizzy . 
 rian and i look up to where fox had been earlier . 
 he 's no longer there . 
 he went farther . 
 rian swears but does n't let go of me to run after fox . 
 he glances at me . 
 `` fox ! '' 
 rian calls . 
 fox 's radio voice answers with , `` i 'm here . '' 
 `` why did you - '' rian starts . 
 welds voice interrupts from the radio . 
 `` fox , you 're too far from them . 
 you wo n't be able to accomplish anything without the chip ! '' 
 `` rian , vivian ! 
 head back , now ! '' 
 a male voice commands from the radio . 
 `` her percent is dropping ! 
 43 ... 42 ... 41 . 
 what is going on ? 
 head back , now ! '' 
 yeah , good idea . 
 but ... i ca n't . 
 my legs finally give out and i go limp , slipping from rian 's grasp . 
 i ca n't feel my hands . 
 i ca n't feel my face . 
 i ca n't feel my legs . 
 i ca n't feel anything . 
 the stinging is unbearable . 
 i ca n't do this ... no ... i do n't want to die . 
 it 's so hard to keep my eyes open . 
 everything is so blurry . 
 the glass in front of my face has fogged up from my ragged breathing . 
 or maybe it 's the frost . 
 the whole world is spinning and i have no idea where i 'm at right now . 
 i think rian 's trying to wipe my glass . 
 the voices in the radio are not very clear anymore . 
 whatever they say does n't make sense to me . 
 i hear , `` save...back-up ... no ... die . '' 
 oh . 
 they want me to die ? 
 my head is spinning and i ca n't feel anything anymore . 
 i feel like i 'm floating . 
 sirens are going off inside my head and a hard pounding starts in my chest . 
 my head is on fire . 
 darkness is rapidly closing in on me and i start to hear a constant beep , beep , beep . 
 it 's strange . 
 i hear a quiet , `` no , no , no , no , no , no . '' 
 i do n't want to die . 
 but ... i ca n't help it . 
 i ca n't fight it . 
 it 's coming . 
 i think i see a black hand reaching toward me . 
 what is that ? 
 chapter 23 rian vivian goes limp in my arms and i do n't know what to do . 
 the voices in the communication radio are screaming . 
 they 're so loud i ca n't pick out one sentence from the next . 
 and i 'm dreading the answer to this question : is she dead ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i ca n't answer that . 
 i take her hand and squeeze it , hoping she 'll wake up . 
 the pane of glass shielding her face is fogged up from the inside and frost keeps building on the outside . 
 i try to wipe it away , but some of it has turned too hard . 
 the glass protecting my face is clear and intact except for a small layer of ice at the corners . 
 i 'm fine , but how come vivian is like this ? 
 i 'm trying to stay calm . 
 no one else should see me going insane just because ... vivian is dying . 
 no , i ca n't think about this . 
 i should run after fox but i do n't want to leave vivian 's side . 
 i do n't want to come back to see her dead . 
 the voices yelling from the radio stop as soon as jack welds ' voice yells out , `` enough ! 
 fox , you 're almost there , but you ca n't accomplish anything without the chip . '' 
 from the radio , fox sounds out of breath as he says , `` there ! 
 i see it . '' 
 he lets out a laugh and continues , `` man , i thought ... wait ... how 's vivian ? '' 
 i shut my eyes . 
 there better not be any cameras around my face . 
 they should n't see me crying . 
 my voice cracks as i say , `` s-she 's collapsed . 
 she 's unconscious . 
 i do n't know how long she 'll hold out . '' 
 there are a few seconds of silence and a few grunts from fox . 
 then he says , `` okay ... the machine is in place . 
 i need the chip . '' 
 i take a look at the gps 's screen , where i see a green dot marking fox right next to the destination point . 
 he 's made it . 
 `` i need the chip , rian . '' 
 fox 's voice is desperate and loud . 
 he starts huffing ... as if he 's running . 
 `` i 'm coming to get it from you . '' 
 a few more voices say something from the radio but i 'm not listening to them . 
 they 're distant so i do n't think they 're talking to me . 
 i drop the gps onto the dirt and start searching vivian 's suit pockets for the chip . 
 she has four pockets and i find the flat chip in a pocket by her hip . 
 she stays limp and unconscious , but her chest is still rising and falling . 
 i search for her heartbeat and find it right away . 
 it 's beating faster than normal and i 'm not sure if that 's a good thing . 
 a hand clamps down at my shoulder and i snap my head around to find fox , breathing heavily from the run and from wearing his heavy suit . 
 `` dude , '' he says quickly , holding a hand out . 
 `` give me the chip . 
 you stay with vivian . 
 i 'm almost done . '' 
 as soon as the chip leaves my hand and lands in his palm , fox breaks into a run back in the direction where he had just come from . 
 `` i 'll help you carry her back , '' his voice breathes out tiredly from the radio . 
 she 's too heavy to carry on my own anyway . 
 her suit adds a few pounds and my uncomfortable and stiff suit prevents me from carrying anything large in my arms . 
 `` rian , she 's at 23 % , '' a voice from my radio tells me . 
 `` it 's continuing to fall . '' 
 `` ca n't you increase the shield ? '' 
 i almost yell . 
 `` or increase whatever 's holding this stupid heart together ? '' 
 i 'm do n't want to call vivian 's heard stupid . 
 this is what 's keeping her alive . 
 and i want her alive . 
 it 's rob who i 'm going to call stupid . 
 did n't he say he designed this heart ? 
 did n't they say they wanted to make a small but efficient heart ? 
 well it failed . 
 vivian is slowly freezing to death while ... while ... while i 'm doing nothing . 
 god , i 'm doing nothing . 
 what is there i can do ? 
 `` i have the keyboard , '' fox 's voice yells out . 
 `` what 's the code ? '' 
 four voices start talking at the same time and i 'm not sure what they mean . 
 fox is confused too . 
 `` fox code rian your ... a27b ... percent ... 58 ... 82 ... a578 ... code ... move , '' the voices say . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 fox exclaims . 
 `` slow down . 
 one at a time . '' 
 a voice quickly replies , `` rian your battery is 78 . 
 fox , yours is 82 . '' 
 then it 's silent except for the sound of breathing . 
 `` the code ?! '' 
 fox suddenly yells . 
 `` i need the code ! '' 
 `` oh , oh , oh ... okay ! '' 
 welds ' voice says hastily . 
 `` you there , he needs the code again . '' 
 `` jeez , '' fox mutters . 
 `` this is really disorganized . '' 
 `` we 've gotten this far have n't we ? '' 
 janelle 's voice startles me . 
 when did she arrive ? 
 her voice is calm and steady as she says over the radio , `` the code is 9a -- type this in , fox -- 27b ... '' she pauses every three or four letters and numbers to make sure fox had gotten it . 
 somewhere along the way , she spells w-e-l-d-s , and i think it 's strange that they would use that name in the code . 
 but then again , jack welds is in charge of this place . 
 once fox finishes , he yells ! 
 `` it 's loading ! 
 i 'm done ! '' 
 `` not yet , '' janelle 's voice says almost immediately . 
 `` once it 's loaded , you 'll have to kick the machine one time . '' 
 wait a second ... kick it ? 
 `` kick the machine ? '' 
 fox asks . 
 `` you 're asking me to kick this junk - ? '' 
 `` do n't you dare call this junk , '' jack 's voice threatens . 
 `` we 've worked on this for a long time and this is the only hope we have of saving part of our planet . '' 
 fox laughs . 
 he seems to have forgotten the seriousness of the situation . 
 `` saving the earth ? 
 look , i might have had hope once . 
 now i 'm taking a look at this ... cube and i ca n't imagine it having any potential whatsoever . 
 face it . 
 it 's a failure , just like vivian 's heart . 
 she 's dead meat . 
 sorry , rian . 
 let it go , man . '' 
 my grip on vivian 's hand tightens and i want to yell out , `` are you crazy ? 
 what 's wrong with you ! 
 i 'm not letting her go ! '' 
 but i stay silent . 
 it 'll just cause problems and wo n't help anyone . 
 i 'm expecting jack 's voice to shoot some comment back , but i hear a different voice instead . 
 `` we still have time to save her . '' 
 `` it 's done loading , '' fox says quietly from the radio , his voice dull and hopeless . 
 several voices yell out from the radio , `` kick it ! '' 
 that 's a strange way of activating something . 
 `` kick it , fox , '' jack says . 
 `` do it . '' 
 fox scoffs . 
 `` how would you know i did n't kick it yet ? '' 
 `` it has n't activated on our screen yet . '' 
 what 's wrong with fox ? 
 the sooner we get this done , the better . 
 `` just activate the machine , fox , '' i say loudly . 
 there 's a sudden thud in the radio and i really hope fox kicked the machine . 
 `` done , '' he says , taking his time . 
 `` i 'm walking over to you . '' 
 i snatch the gps from the ground and stuff it into my pocket . 
 `` damn it , fox . 
 just hurry . '' 
 `` fox , '' janelle 's voice says . 
 `` she 's not dead yet . 
 you can still make it back . '' 
 not dead yet ? 
 i feel vivian 's heartbeat again , and this time , the beating has slowed down . 
 is that a good thing ? 
 in minutes , fox appears out of the fog and jogs over to me and the unconscious vivian . 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 i jump to my feet and wrap vivian 's limp arm around my neck while fox does the same thing on vivian 's other side . 
 we pull her to her feet and drag her forward . 
 she lets out a soft groan but i 'm not sure if i imagined it . 
 she 's still alive ? 
 fox sees the hesitation in my walk so he says , `` whoa , move along now . 
 i heard it too . '' 
 so i had n't imagined it . 
 welds ' voice says , `` her percentage just increased . 
 it 's at 34 . 
 keep moving . '' 
 vivian 's arm lifts from my neck but drops down again . 
 she lets out another groan and her feet take a few steps forward but go limp again . 
 my grip on her tightens and fox and i continue to drag her along . 
 `` it 's increasing , '' someone says . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 at least it 's not dropping . 
 `` how long have we been out here ? '' 
 fox says with a few gulps of air . 
 i ca n't imagine how tired he must feel right now . 
 he had to run with that machine , run back to us , run back to that machine , and now he 's helping me carry vivian . 
 `` thirty-nine percent for vivian . '' 
 it 's rising . 
 `` move . 
 you can make it . '' 
 i struggle to pull the gps out of my pocket and try to see if we 're going the right way . 
 the gps has marked the location back to the building . 
 we 're heading the right way . 
 `` how long have we been out here ? '' 
 fox asks again . 
 `` forty-five minutes . '' 
 `` damn , '' fox whispers . 
 `` the way back should take us thirty . '' 
 it does not feel like i 've been here for 45 minutes . 
 it seems shorter . 
 vivian mutters something but i ca n't tell what she 's saying . 
 a wave of happiness washes over me . 
 she still alive and her heart percentage is rising . 
 maybe the heart is n't a failure after all . 
 her next words are clearer . 
 `` waz going on ... ? '' 
 she mumbles . 
 i hold my smile in . 
 this is n't the time for smiling . 
 just because she 's waking up does n't necessarily mean she 's going to live . 
 there 's still a chance her heart could give up on her . 
 fox and i continue to pull vivian with us but she does n't wake up again and i 'm afraid . 
 is she gone ? 
 it 's probably better for her to be unconscious right now so that way she wo n't feel the cold . 
 `` it 's decreasing quite rapidly again , '' a woman 's says . 
 `` hurry . 
 you 're close . '' 
 it 's decreasing ? 
 i 'm right . 
 i should n't bring my hopes up . 
 `` how close ? '' 
 fox asks . 
 `` i need the distance . '' 
 i know i ca n't answer that . 
 the gps does n't tell me . 
 `` one hundred seventy yards , '' the same woman 's voice says . 
 close ? 
 they think this is close ? 
 fox sighs and glances at me , saying , `` just move . '' 
 that 's what i 'm doing . 
 vivian feels like she 's getting heavier and heavier as we move . 
 a few voices continue to talk to us but i do n't have the energy to answer . 
 and just when i 'm about to collapse , the small building we had come out of a couple hours ago appears out of the fog . 
 i let out a sigh of relief , trying to push myself to keep going . 
 we 've almost made it back to the building and i 'm praying vivian has n't died yet . 
 no one 's telling us her heart percentage . 
 as soon as we set foot through the airlock doors , fox collapses from exhaustion , bringing vivian down to the ground with him . 
 i nearly trip over from the sudden movement , but i use the wall to right myself and try to pull vivian into a more comfortable position . 
 fox is face down on the ground , his hands over his head . 
 he 's mumbling something into the ground that i ca n't hear . 
 `` oh my god , '' a female voice exclaims from the radio in my ear . 
 `` that actually worked ! 
 they 're alive ! 
 the machine is in place and all we need to do is turn in on ! 
 prepare the activation ! '' 
 fox groans as the airlock doors begin to slide shut behind him . 
 a loud buzz sounds and we wait for the other door -lrb- the one we 're facing now -rrb- to open . 
 a question pops into my head . 
 are n't there dangerous chemicals on our suits right now ? 
 when we come back into that room with the people , wo n't we contaminate them with the poisonous gases that clung to our suit material ? 
 i ask that out loud and wait for a few seconds through the silence . 
 no one answers and i think i hear a throat clear . 
 vivian , who 's still spread out on the ground , has n't gained consciousness yet . 
 `` well , is n't anyone going to answer that ? '' 
 fox mumbles through his suit . 
 `` ` cause i really want to take these off . 
 bad . '' 
 a hurried male voice answers with , `` your suits are made with a material , where hopefully , not much gases and particles have attached themselves to it . 
 we believe it 's safe to enter inside with them on . 
 they wo n't harm anyone . '' 
 he pauses . 
 then a few unclear voices say something , and the same man 's voice continues . 
 `` but just to be safe , we will have to store the suits away immediately after you take them off . 
 just a precaution . '' 
 the elevator doors in front of us slide open and fox and i gently drag vivian through , setting her down onto the ground slowly . 
 the door slide shut and the elevator pulls upward , causing me to feel a little uneasy . 
 i 've never been a fan of elevators . 
 the elevator stops and the doors open again , revealing the same room with the many machines and the dozen people . 
 all of them are gathered in a corner , as far away from us as possible . 
 but three people stand right in front of the elevator , their whole face and bodies covered in a large orange suit . 
 i 'm guessing these are the people who will help us take them off ? 
 one of them gestures us out of the elevator and we move out , pulling vivian along with us as well . 
 we lay her down onto the ground and a voice from the radio instructs us , `` step away from her . 
 we 'll get her suit off and she 'll be sent to be checked . '' 
 checked ? 
 `` is she going to die ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the dozen people gathered in the corner of the room watch us . 
 one checks something on his wrist and calls out , `` her heart percentage seems to have frozen at 20 . 
 it 's not changing . '' 
 i do n't understand what these percentages are based on . 
 how much energy is left in the heart ? 
 how much battery ? 
 how much shield ? 
 does it tell them when she 's going to die ? 
 `` is she going to die ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 one out of the three orange-suited people say , `` it 's not certain yet . 
 they have to know what happened before any of us know that . '' 
 `` are you going to fix whatever is wrong with her ? '' 
 i ask , watching as one of them flips vivian over on her back and starts to zip the suit open . 
 nobody answers me and i hope they know how to fix it . 
 i keep quiet as they help me with my suit . 
 once the suits are off , they get thrown into the container and steered out of the room . 
 i 'm standing in my regular jeans and t-shirt and i feel better . 
 someone hands me a labcoat and i pull it on , watching as two people carry vivian out of the room on a stretcher . 
 `` is she going to be okay ? '' 
 i ask welds . 
 am i the only one who 's concerned about her ? 
 no one else seems to care . 
 i have to see if she 's okay . 
 i gesture to the door they have just walked out of . 
 `` could i possibly go with them ? '' 
 welds waves a hand around and mutters , `` your choice . '' 
 he continues examining something on one of the machines in the room . 
 `` she 'll be fine , '' he adds . 
 i push past a couple of people and head for the door . 
 fox attempts to high-five me but i ignore him . 
 both of us are alive . 
 so what ? 
 i mean , do n't get me wrong , i 'm glad to be alive . 
 but vivian 's the one in trouble . 
 chapter 24 rian i reach the two people carrying vivian on a stretcher but stay behind them as we walk . 
 i am silent as we pass through the hallway . 
 one of them finally notices someone 's following them so they stop , causing the other guy to stop too . 
 they keep holding the stretcher vivian 's on a few feet above the floor and one of them says , `` do you need anything ? '' 
 i scratch my head and look around without saying anything for a few seconds . 
 then i take a deep breath and point to vivian 's unconscious body . 
 `` what are you going to do to her ? '' 
 the two men exchange glances and one answers with a shrug , `` we were told to bring her into the containment chamber . '' 
 the containment chamber ? 
 that 's where they store everyone who has n't thawed yet . 
 they store those who are dead . 
 vivian 's not dead . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` the containment chamber ? '' 
 both of the men continue walking with the stretcher . 
 `` you heard us , '' one calls over his shoulder . 
 i walk after them , saying , `` why there ? '' 
 `` orders are orders , callum , '' the other man grunts . 
 `` we follow them . '' 
 he knows my name even though i have never seen him here before . 
 `` what are they going to do to her ? '' 
 i do n't want to ask them if she 's dead or not . 
 i 'm afraid of the answer . 
 welds had said she 'll be fine . 
 but is that true ? 
 both of them stop walking again and the larger of the two turn slightly toward me , still keeping a firm grip on the stretcher . 
 i watch her for a few seconds before turning back to the man who has just turned to me . 
 he says , `` do you want to fight , callum ? 
 when i said orders were orders , i meant you 're not supposed to question them . 
 do you want to fight ? 
 do you want to prove something ? '' 
 even though he 's threatening me , he does n't move anywhere . 
 i 'm taller than him , but heights do n't matter too much in a fight . 
 it 's the power of the hit that does . 
 and i doubt i 'm very strong . 
 besides , a fight wo n't solve anything . 
 i take a step back , wanting to let him know i want to avoid the fight . 
 he lets out a sinister chuckle , trying to frighten me , i 'm guessing . 
 i 'm not afraid . 
 `` who gave you the order to bring her there ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` jack , '' both of them answer simultaneously . 
 what ? 
 that ca n't be right . 
 vivian 's not dead . 
 she ca n't be . 
 she was alive several minutes ago . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 one of them shakes his head and they both continue moving forward without answering my question . 
 i want to block their way until they tell me what 's going on but who knows what they would do after that . 
 punch me ? 
 `` guys , listen , '' i say in the most polite tone of voice i could muster . 
 `` where are you take her ? '' 
 `` move along , callum , '' one of them says . 
 `` i 'm assuming you have other things to do . '' 
 that 's it . 
 this is getting on my nerves . 
 i squeeze past them quickly and stop in the middle of the narrow hallway , right in their path . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` tell me why you 're taking her to the containment chamber . 
 she 's still alive . 
 you do n't need to store her anywhere . '' 
 they do n't hesitate like i 'm expecting them to . 
 they just say it like it 's no big deal . 
 there 's no sadness in their voice , no sympathy . 
 it 's just dull . 
 `` she 's dead , callum . 
 her heart percentage reached below five and no one can save her . 
 we 're throwing her out . '' 
 i freeze and stare at him , not able to believe this . 
 my gaze shifts over to vivian and words start to stutter out of my mouth . 
 `` w-what ? 
 c-can ' t you ... is n't there a way to b-bring her back ? 
 she ca n't ... '' i continue to focus on vivian as i walk toward her limp form spread out across the stretcher , my hand outstretched . 
 i try to find a pulse but it 's not there . 
 her hand is cold . 
 `` no , no , no , '' i mutter . 
 how do they know she 's dead ? 
 `` she ca n't die . 
 she 's not dead . 
 she 's - '' the two men start moving with the stretcher , causing my hand to slip out of vivian 's . 
 both of them spit something at me but i do n't hear them . 
 i 'm frozen in place , watching as they walk farther down the hall . 
 vivian 's gone and i think my eyes are wet . 
 chapter 25 vivian it 's dark . 
 am i blind ? 
 no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 i force my eyes to open and they immediately start to sting . 
 white has replaced the darkness and i 'm sure i 'm not blind . 
 i just need to adjust my eyes . 
 i shut them and wait , taking small breaths . 
 the air feels thin and cold around me . 
 walls are closely surrounding me on all sides . 
 i can feel them but i ca n't see them . 
 i 'm laying on a hard surface , or standing that is . 
 my back is pressed against something hard and i feel like there are straps winding around my hands . 
 very slowly , i open my eyes again . 
 there is one window in front of me . 
 wait , wait , wait ... a window ? 
 the building has no windows ... no . 
 i yank my hands forward , but realize that there are straps holding my arms in place . 
 but they are n't even on that tight . 
 i can slip my hands out of them . 
 there 's a strap around my waist too , but it 's on tighter . 
 i pull on its plastic latch , pulling the straps apart . 
 i fall forward , but the close wall in front of me stops my fall . 
 i realize i 'm in a container , standing at an angle . 
 the container is white . 
 all four walls are just close enough together to let me fit . 
 everything inside here is white . 
 what exactly is this ? 
 the small round window in front of me is completely covered in frost , preventing me from seeing anything past it . 
 i give a pathetic kick at the wall in front of me , and it does n't do much . 
 i use my fist to bash at the wall . 
 where 's the door ? 
 `` hey ! '' 
 my voice cracks and i swallow . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i repeat again , louder this time . 
 `` get me out of here ! 
 i 'm still alive ! '' 
 i have not been buried alive . 
 i force myself to think those six words , whether they are true or not . 
 i have not been buried alive . 
 i ca n't breath anymore . 
 my lungs shrink and i wheeze . 
 `` let . 
 me . 
 out ! '' 
 every word is a sob . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 i have not been buried alive . 
 end of book one 
