 transitory ian williams copyright 2014 ian williams smashwords edition ian williams has asserted his right under the copyright , designs and patents act 1988 to be identified as the author of this work this novel is a work of fiction . 
 names and characters are the product of the author 's imagination and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favourite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 a thank you about the author connect with ian williams chapter 1 nate maddox sucked on an ice cube from his scotch . 
 it floated around in his mouth , surrounded by a stubborn layer of liquid that hung to its quickly melting surface . 
 occasionally the taste of his favourite tipple numbed his tongue as he tried to pin the ice against the bridge of his mouth . 
 within seconds it was once again rattling around , hitting his teeth as it squirmed away from his tongue . 
 one of many things that annoyed nate about zero gravity , he could never keep things from flying out of his reach . 
 nothing a large dose of mass could n't correct . 
 a glistening light interrupted nate 's battle with a lack of gravity . 
 he lifted the blind and peered out of the small window he had neglected to use the entire journey . 
 his hand lingered on the blind , along with his eyes over the view . 
 it was n't the empty space he 'd become accustomed to over the course of his journey , but something bright and emblazoned with colours . 
 `` it 's beautiful , is n't it ? '' 
 helen said , while leaning over to look through the same window . 
 nate rolled the ice to the other side of his mouth . 
 he was forced to slurp loudly as a drop of liquid threatened to fly out . 
 `` it certainly is , '' he replied , with a slur . 
 `` so i trust you 've changed your mind about this visit ? '' 
 `` let 's not get ahead of ourselves , '' nate said through his teeth . 
 the ice kept his tongue too busy to talk properly . 
 `` i think a bath and a scotch , that i do n't have to squeeze into my face , is in order before i answer that . 
 i mean how are we supposed to enjoy a drink when it wants to fly away ? 
 what i 'm drinking is nothing more than a chilled scotch bubble with one ice cube . '' 
 helen laughed and leaned back . 
 `` quit moaning , '' she said with a wry smile across her face . 
 she reached into a pocket attached to the seat in front , produced a dark brown folder and began to sort through the papers . 
 after a few seconds she found the one she wanted and offered it to nate , being careful not to allow the others to escape . 
 when she noticed he had become transfixed by the view once again , she let out a derisive tut . 
 his attention had now completely drifted away from her . 
 the sight had become so surprisingly detailed and pleasing to behold , that his focus had no room spare for anything else . 
 he 'd spent so long looking at the brochure before the flight that his expectations had become diluted , like his scotch . 
 in the pictures he had seen a soft , slightly out of focus ring around a creamy yellow coloured planet . 
 what he saw in reality was a spectacle his eyes struggled to take in and his mind refused to ignore . 
 an enormous gas giant encircled by a light scattering disc of visible , icy material had gradually come into view . 
 instead of marvelling as they had approached , he had pondered over the drinks selection and on-board entertainment . 
 he quickly brushed aside his obvious error and allowed his eyes to wander over the planets interacting bands of yellows and oranges . 
 he could now make out the distinct details that made the view so much more enjoyable than the pictures had suggested . 
 even down to the individual rocks , boulders and moon sized pieces that made up the planets icy rings . 
 nate 's sightseeing was interrupted by something digging in his arm . 
 when he turned he saw that helen had grown frustrated with his lack of attention and had taken to prodding him . 
 she was n't concerned with what hovered , serenely , outside like a swirling ball of cream and caramel . 
 there was work to be done and she intended to finish it . 
 `` we 'll be landing soon so you need to look over this leaflet . 
 it 's about the festival tomorrow evening , '' she said . 
 nate gave it a quick look , paying all attention to titles and pictures . 
 he was n't feeling in the mood to read . 
 once he 'd absorbed the ten percent he needed to feign interest , he placed it on his lap . 
 he quickly slapped it back against his legs as it began to venture away . 
 he could n't wait to feel gravity 's comforting influence once more . 
 `` fine , i 'll tell you then . '' 
 helen turned in her seat to face him with obvious excitement . 
 `` this place is incredible . 
 the festival tomorrow evening takes place once every 2 years . '' 
 `` i thought this vacation was supposed to be relaxing ? '' 
 nate said abruptly , surprising even himself with the sudden interruption . 
 he sucked in , forcing a drop of cool liquid down his throat that made him cough as he spoke . 
 `` does a festival really qualify ? '' 
 `` relaxing ? 
 what gave you that idea ? '' 
 she replied . 
 nate shook his head in amusement . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he coughed again . 
 `` carry on . '' 
 `` so the festival happens every 2 years , when the moon we 're staying on passes close to one of the rings , through ... '' helen referred to her own copy of the brochure before continuing . 
 `` something called orbital resonance . '' 
 `` great , now when you say moon , do you mean a small grey dusty rock with no atmosphere , and no pool ? '' 
 nate could see the beginnings of a frown form on helen 's face -- a cue that he was pushing it now . 
 `` sorry , '' he said , as he raised his hands in defeat . 
 `` maybe that bath and scotch should come first . 
 zero-g seems to make you grouchy . 
 how about i tell you properly when we 're settled in ? '' 
 she conceded . 
 `` by the way , it 's that moon there . 
 and it 's not small . 
 it 's roughly earth sized . 
 smart-arse . '' 
 nate followed the line of helen 's finger out the window and into space . 
 the view was even brighter now as they passed , what nate thought to be , only metres above the planet 's rings . 
 he could see helen was pointing to a region between two of the bands of the rings . 
 hiding there was their destination . 
 a moon comfortably bigger than anything the rings contained , but still a tiny dot against the backdrop of the gas giant behind it . 
 in comparison nate found it looked closer to an annoying smudge on an otherwise perfect oil painting , than it did another world . 
 he returned to his drink and allowed the scene to develop in the corner of his eye . 
 once every last drop of scotch had been released from its zero-g plastic sachet packaging , he tucked it away in the side of his seat . 
 he estimated another hour or so until they would arrive , plenty of time for a little nap . 
 a few hours later nate found himself in more comfortable surroundings . 
 with a bed big enough to stretch out all of the aches and pains his journey had stored up in his body . 
 he lay straight staring up at the ceiling . 
 if he concentrated hard enough he could swear he was back at home ; at least for now that was enough to keep him relaxed . 
 tomorrow he would begin his vacation officially , he decided . 
 the moment he felt he could happily slip into a calm and welcoming sleep , a knock at the door brought him right back . 
 he lay still for a few seconds before deciding to see who it was . 
 sleep would have to wait just a little longer . 
 as he cumbersomely lifted his tired body up and shuffled slowly into a seated position , he immediately remembered how much of a bitch gravity could be . 
 once to his feet he shuffled to the door . 
 but before his hand had even made an attempt at the handle , someone began to push it open from the other side . 
 `` nathan , you in ? '' 
 helen jumped back the moment she spotted nate standing by the door like a well-trained puppy , waiting for his owner to arrive . 
 `` oh , you startled me . 
 you have a minute ? '' 
 `` sure what 's up ? '' 
 he hoped a minute was all the impending conversation would require . 
 the clean , soft duvet was calling to him with promises of a peaceful slumber . 
 it had already moulded itself to his body , it seemed only fair he should oblige and fill in the grooves . 
 `` i thought we should go through some things before you sleep . '' 
 always the eager type , nate noted . 
 it was one of the things he 'd always liked about her ; she was never one to delay things . 
 on any other day he would have appreciated her keenness , but his dire need for rest was putting an altogether different spin on things . 
 he was n't as likeable when his head yearned for the cold side of a pillow . 
 `` this has to be done now ? '' 
 he said , trying to hide his tired frustration . 
 `` best now while you 're awake . '' 
 nate could n't really argue with her logic . 
 the task was to be done there and then whether he agreed or not , and whether he was awake or not . 
 he was sure if he 'd dozed off right in front of her , she would have placed a pen in his hand and signed away until her work was done . 
 the more he thought about it , the more he liked that idea . 
 `` besides , stuart made it clear i 'm here to sort everything out , '' helen continued . 
 `` he does n't want you to have to lift a finger while you 're here . '' 
 she brushed past nate , sat on the edge of his bed and ran a finger through her paperwork , licking her finger between pages . 
 `` ah , stuart , yes i remember him . 
 short , balding guy , sort of yay wide ? '' 
 nate held his arms wide apart , then pushed the door shut as he brought them together , all in one satisfyingly zen like move . 
 `` very funny . 
 i think it 's generous of him to hold the fort while you rest up . 
 even the mighty nathan maddox needs a break once in a while . '' 
 `` hey , i 'm kidding . 
 i know stuart 's been concerned about me . 
 he 's been great since my father retired . 
 i could n't have taken over the company without him . 
 he 's helped my family a lot over the years . 
 hell , he 's pretty much an uncle . 
 a creepy uncle . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` do n't tell him i said that . '' 
 helen pinched her lips shut with a finger and thumb , indicating the secret was safe with her . 
 `` my lips are sealed . 
 now , first thing is this . 
 he 's your assigned bodyguard . '' 
 she handed him a piece of paper , then neatly tucked the rest back into her folder . 
 nate rolled his eyes as he went over the man 's record sheet . 
 without really reading any of it , he handed it back -- reading even his usual ten percent felt too much of a chore in his sleepy state . 
 `` looks fine , '' he said . 
 `` he 's not . 
 his record is n't worth sneezing on . 
 he 's got this one last babysitting job ... '' she shot a look of apology to nate . 
 `` if he screws this up , he 's out , so keep an eye on him . 
 he 'll report to you tomorrow . '' 
 `` fine , now shoo , '' nate said as he ushered helen in the direction of the door . 
 `` you know , you really need to work on those manners . '' 
 `` duly noted , now go away . '' 
 he waved as he pushed the door shut . 
 the inevitable exhalation that followed effectively pushed him to the drinks dispenser , sat on a desk in his room . 
 he fumbled for the light on the corner table , before looking over the puzzling device . 
 for something only created to provide drinks , it had a dizzying array of buttons . 
 unfortunately for him it had no button marked scotch . 
 he was n't remotely in the mood to work the device out , except his drink was trapped inside it . 
 finally he found the right button combination and within seconds , his drink materialised already in its glass . 
 he sipped at his beverage as he instinctively wandered to the balcony . 
 the breeze was fresh , temporarily counteracting the alcohols numbing sensation . 
 but his senses could immediately detect the breeze 's unnatural origin . 
 whoever had designed the hotel had done a commendable job , making it feel like some kind of oasis . 
 if not for the enormous icy rings above that kept the moon 's night side sky more of a continuous twilight than a starry black , he would have believed it was genuine . 
 past the hotel , with its pool and bar in full view downstairs , nate could make out figures scurrying about in the distance . 
 he followed them as they ran either to or from a large single story stone structure that resembled an unfinished pyramid . 
 they were all busy in preparation for the festival helen had told him about . 
 although , he did n't care much for large celebrations . 
 with his scotch finished the night was finally at an end . 
 he said goodnight to the busy bees as they built whatever was centre stage for tomorrow 's celebrations and then headed back into his room . 
 as he turned his eyes caught a sparkle from the rings of the planet above . 
 he remembered helen had told him that their little piece of paradise was due to touch a layer of the rings . 
 it still surprised him how close they were . 
 another item added to his list of things to be bothered about tomorrow . 
 chapter 2 the next morning nate made a point of having his breakfast by the pool , in shorts he would never normally dream of wearing . 
 he was n't one to waste a morning , so he 'd found his dining guests in short supply . 
 for nearly an hour his only companions had been his new bodyguard , cameron , and a serene looking character who sat next to a small fountain in silent meditation across the pool from him . 
 his clothing was long and loose with overly large sleeve openings , almost oriental in style . 
 a curious sight , nate thought , but in keeping with the mystical look he 'd noticed his setting displayed . 
 as he relaxed , the other guests slowly began to appear . 
 he had n't noticed that many people last night , or was it the morning ? 
 the permanent twilight was causing havoc with his sense of time . 
 now as he watched them in all their different shapes and colours , he could gauge just how important this festival was . 
 he 'd rarely seen so many races from so many different worlds together in one place . 
 some of the races he could name , others he was n't so sure he 'd ever encountered before . 
 something very special appeared to be attracting them . 
 something he was beginning to realise he had underestimated . 
 `` so , how 's the ceo of maddox industries this morning ? '' 
 helen said , pulling out the seat next to him . 
 `` sleep well , nathan ? '' 
 he could n't help but admire her casual appearance . 
 her usual neutral coloured clothes and tied back hair was now replaced with a loose fitting , flowery dress and free flowing blond hair . 
 he 'd never seen her like this before . 
 she was essentially the same , but with a new lick of paint . 
 a vibrant and invigorating palette to compliment a natural beauty he 'd always seen . 
 `` fine thanks , but for the next few days i 'm just nate ok ? 
 no mr. maddox or nathan maddox from now on , '' he replied with a broad smile across his face . 
 `` whatever sir requires . '' 
 she sent him quick wink . 
 he could n't help but shake his head in response . 
 `` so you ready for this evening ? '' 
 `` yeah , about that , '' nate said . 
 `` what exactly is it again ? '' 
 `` sure , it 's not like i gave you a brochure to read or anything . '' 
 nate laughed and leaned back in his seat . 
 `` you know me so well . '' 
 `` too well , '' she said . 
 `` right , this evening you will be attending what the locals call the passing . 
 they say there 's some kind of ethereal life that exists within the planets rings . 
 the festival is to celebrate the being 's temporary visit as the moon skims the rings . 
 of course you would have known that if you 'd read the brochure . '' 
 `` sounds great . '' 
 nate put his thumbs up to emphasise the friendly sarcasm in his voice . 
 `` there 's more to it than that . 
 i 'll let you know the rest later . 
 by the way how 's our mutual friend ? '' 
 she indicated to cameron with a nod of the head , accompanied by the judgemental raising of an eyebrow . 
 `` he seems ok , very quiet . 
 he does tend to hang around in the most conspicuous places though . 
 he 's not very good at blending . '' 
 nate watched as his newly assigned bodyguard assessed the threat level of a row of potted plants , on the other side of the pool . 
 `` that 's apparently one thing he 's very good at , blending ... '' helen 's eyebrow raised again , almost automatically . 
 `` his drinks that is , '' she added . 
 `` really ? 
 shall we meet by the water-cooler the same time tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying , keep an eye on him . '' 
 `` will do . 
 now what time does this festival kick off ? '' 
 `` this evening , in about 4 hours , '' helen said as she stood and glanced at cameron one more time . 
 before nate could question her further she had already begun shuffling away . 
 something else important needed doing . 
 she was all work and no play with him these days . 
 a shame , he thought , he could see himself asking her to dinner one day , only to be declined . 
 she had only moved over to work with his adopted uncle , stuart , a few months ago . 
 during the two years before that she had never been more than four rooms away from him . 
 this had allowed them to quickly become friends . 
 but since then she was more focused than ever . 
 perhaps for the best anyway , he 'd regularly told himself ; better that she were a friend than an ex . 
 he decided to head to his room and change , ready for the evening festivities . 
 something thin and loose . 
 despite the twilight it was warm enough to wear little . 
 maybe not the shorts again , he decided . 
 the vacation was starting to sound interesting . 
 it was n't simply a desperate attempt at finding relaxation anymore , his curiosity had gotten the better of him . 
 the least he could do was dress appropriately . 
 as he packed his things he looked to see if the meditating man was still there . 
 he was and had n't moved an inch . 
 absolutely no part of his wrinkled and pale skin appeared to have budged at all . 
 somehow his serene like state had remained intact , even with the small crowd that seemed to have congregated around him . 
 nate found the man 's state both puzzling and enviable at the same time . 
 he could n't quite place the man 's species though . 
 he 'd seen many different beings during his career and the man was not from one he could instantly recollect . 
 the others he had n't recognised were just guests , like him . 
 the meditating man on the other hand was of obvious importance , someone the visitors knew and highly respected . 
 after a second or two he gave up trying to name the meditating man 's species and waved to cameron , who dutifully joined him . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 `` i 'm heading to my room now . '' 
 `` right behind you , sir . '' 
 nate led the way , making a mental note of how nervous cameron sounded . 
 his demeanour did n't resemble that of a bodyguard at all . 
 he was n't remotely imposing or , unfortunately nate saw , competent at portraying a sense of authority . 
 it seemed a shame to him that the guy was probably not going to be under his employment when they got home . 
 nevertheless , he was assigned to nate for the duration of his stay . 
 he brushed it under his proverbial carpet for the time being . 
 he had to get ready to celebrate the beings from the rings of ice and dust , or something . 
 he admitted he really should pay more attention to helen when she explained things to him . 
 chapter 3 nate hesitantly made his way toward a growing crowd , just outside the grounds of the hotel . 
 he 'd picked his clothing almost randomly , going for what felt most comfortable rather than any particular style . 
 the choice had at least managed to meet his criteria of looseness : a blue , short-sleeved shirt paired with beige trousers . 
 and as it turned out , his choice to wear trousers had been spot on . 
 his bare legs would only have attracted the tiny , glowing bugs that whizzed above his head . 
 the time had finally come for the festival to begin . 
 the attendees further ahead all hurried to find a good spot , while he walked among a shuffling mass of people who were clearly unsure of what was ahead . 
 he would have said they were in the same boat , but the amount of people that appeared to share his trepidation would require more of a cruise-liner to be accurate . 
 helen walked beside him with an arm on his sleeve . 
 cameron , however , was just ahead and making everybody aware of his presence . 
 as the crowds began to swamp them he still stood out in his black suit , white shirt and brown tie combination . 
 subtlety was obviously not his strong-suit , choosing of course to top off the ensemble with a pair of black sunglasses . 
 even so it gave nate the required level of security to make the crowd relatively comfortable to traverse . 
 as the path narrowed in front of them , they slowed to a crawl . 
 everyone seemed overly calm and polite as they tried not to land an elbow into their neighbours while finding room . 
 if they had n't been so pleasant nate would have turned around and headed back to the hotel . 
 he cared little for large gatherings . 
 so far the evening was not going as nate had foreseen . 
 he 'd expected blinding lights and loud noises , either from some god awful music or suspiciously excited crowds . 
 this was something altogether more civilised and controlled , precisely his kind of festival . 
 up ahead the single story structure he had seen the night before was gradually coming into view . 
 as the crowd parted he could see it had now come to life , with small fire torches bathing it and the surrounding area in a mystical flicker of dim light . 
 there was no doubt in his mind this was all to add to the belief that something amazing was soon to occur . 
 he was n't so sure it was going to . 
 nothing more than some well-planned marketing ploy , he thought . 
 nevertheless , he tried to ignore his wallet stretching concerns and decided he would simply enjoy it . 
 for helen 's sake at least . 
 people in front of him bunched up as they found friends , family or just a spot they liked the look of . 
 while being as polite as possible he push his way past them to find his own space . 
 he remembered his misspent youth battling to be at the front of so many live music concerts , as he did so . 
 the art was to apologise just before making a move . 
 he felt no shame in it , just a case of every man for himself . 
 eventually helen guided nate to the spot reserved exclusively for him . 
 it was n't anything fancy , just a clear space on the floor . 
 but it was closer than he would have managed otherwise . 
 he sat on the cold ground and felt the stone slabs with his hands as he found a comfortable position . 
 he could n't help but notice the unnaturally symmetrical way in which they had been placed . 
 the entire area had been carefully built around the central structure , which by now had been completely surrounded by hotel guests . 
 the level of orchestration he saw around him was admirable ; everything was where it needed to be . 
 the excitement in the air was palpable and felt by all around . 
 yet for nate the unknown only made his mouth dry and his limbs shaky , and unsure . 
 also a slightly metallic taste had taken up residence on his tongue and was refusing to go . 
 however many times he swallowed , it stubbornly remained . 
 `` so , '' helen began . 
 `` there 's some things to go over before it starts . '' 
 as she went through the checklist nate watched the last minute preparations being carried out by the local inhabitants . 
 he nodded at the first few items she read out , but something in the middle caught him by surprise . 
 `` say that again , '' he said . 
 `` what ? 
 the doorway bit ? 
 well , it will open in front of you . 
 that 's why everyone 's keeping space free . '' 
 nate had n't even noticed . 
 he quickly scanned around and found that each group had indeed left room between them . 
 an odd sight , again nothing like the festival he had envisioned . 
 he was more caught up in the atmosphere than he had first thought -- surely he would have noticed otherwise ? 
 `` what 's the doorway to ? '' 
 he asked , feeling a sense of confusion building in him . 
 helen 's lips parted and she was ready to speak , when someone else answered for her . 
 `` to whatever past events the gods have deemed important , and enjoyable , to you , '' someone said . 
 nate turned and was shocked to find the meditating man from the pool taking a seat next to him . 
 he lowered himself into place carefully , crossing his legs underneath . 
 his loose sleeves flapped open to reveal thin and bony arms hidden inside . 
 they were as wrinkled and pale as the rest of him , and contradicted his slightly chubby torso . 
 perhaps a trait of his species rather than an indication of his lifestyle . 
 he had nate curious , nonetheless . 
 this alien was more interesting than the others . 
 `` i sense you are feeling some trepidation about the gift you are about to receive , '' the man continued . 
 `` i suppose i am , yes . 
 i 'm nathan maddox . '' 
 he extended an unexpectedly clammy hand to greet the man , which was appreciatively received . 
 they shook hands enthusiastically as they spoke . 
 `` welcome nathan maddox , my name is l'armin hes . 
 i am the spiritual leader here and i guide those who seek the gods during the passing . '' 
 after a few shakes the man seemed unwilling to let go . 
 nate normally expected a handshake to last , at most , three to four seconds -- enough time to make your confidence known . 
 he was already at six seconds and the man showed no signs of stopping . 
 if anything the shaking was speeding up . 
 `` pleasure to meet you , '' nate said . 
 `` you have questions ? '' 
 for a moment nate found himself suspecting the man had read his mind through their vibrating limbs . 
 he quickly brushed off the absurd notion , despite the deeply intense , and intensely deep , stare directed at him . 
 `` just a few , '' he said . 
 `` i think i 'll leave you with ... l'armin ? '' 
 helen checked her pronunciation before continuing . 
 the man nodded his approval . 
 `` i 've got some things to attend to , '' she continued . 
 `` cameron is fully aware of what to do when it starts , by the way . '' 
 `` you 're not staying ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` no . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 have fun . '' 
 helen carefully stepped around a mother and child -- both of a species nate did n't recognise . 
 she then delicately picked her way through the scattered groups , tip toeing like a child trying to leave a classroom without disturbing her classmates . 
 soon she had stealthily disappeared amid the shadows -- an easy feat considering the permanent twilight . 
 `` only those who wish to witness the power of the beings remain , '' l'armin said . 
 `` if you choose not to see your own past , you must avert your gaze when contact is made with the rings . 
 so , do you wish to see , nathan maddox ? '' 
 nate took a few moments to decide . 
 he could see the excitement growing among the crowd . 
 some of the more enthusiastic members had begun wandering around and handing out flowers , while conversing with complete strangers . 
 something was beginning to stir and he could n't help but smile at what he was seeing . 
 he took a moment to absorb all he could from the scene , allowing it to mix with his senses . 
 the refreshingly dynamic crowd he found himself in was like nothing he had ever experienced before . 
 their fragrances were both alien and familiar . 
 some tickled his sense of smell like the scent of a flower -- only not a flower he had ever known -- while others invaded without warning . 
 the noises they made were equally as strange . 
 but the emotions they portrayed were interpretable , some even unmistakable . 
 all in all there was nothing remotely threatening that he could see . 
 perhaps something great was about to happen after all . 
 `` let 's give it a go then , '' he finally said . 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 `` what do i have to do ? '' 
 `` in a short time the beacon will be activated , calling upon the gods . 
 you must allow them to join with you . 
 only then will you be given the gift of re-creation . '' 
 `` they 'll let me re-create what ... exactly ? '' 
 nate said , still more confused than he would have liked . 
 `` physical re-creations of memories or memorable experiences . 
 each will uniquely reflect the path the participant has walked in life . 
 the gift of the gods allows you to see again , nathan maddox . 
 are there not times you wish you could return to ? '' 
 nate felt a lump form in his throat . 
 if only he 'd listened to helen earlier . 
 he did n't see such power as something to be treated so lightly . 
 some past events he knew he would rather leave alone . 
 he certainly did n't want to have them dragged back to life , kicking and screaming like an unhappy newborn . 
 no , he would rather keep them to himself -- some deeper than others . 
 his left foot began to twitch nervously , tapping against the stone slab beneath him . 
 he suddenly realised how completely unprepared he was . 
 `` enjoy the peace the passing will bring you , '' l'armin said , his tone reassuring and soft . 
 nate remained still -- all except for his foot -- as l'armin stood and sauntered off in the direction of the central structure . 
 he turned back with his hands placed together and bowed , before then continuing on . 
 nate was surprised to notice that the ruffles of skin ran right over l'armin 's head and to the nape of his neck . 
 was any part of him not entirely covered in wrinkles ? 
 soon though only one thought rattled around nate 's head as he watched his guide finally disappear into the crowd : was it too late to back out ? 
 a rush of loneliness made him check that cameron was still there . 
 he was , but it settled nate 's nerves only temporarily . 
 he did n't know the man that was now responsible for his safety , how could he confide in him ? 
 more than anything he wished for helen to be there with him still . 
 she could always calm his nerves with a cheerful smile or a sarcastic comment . 
 exactly what he felt he needed . 
 for the next few minutes he sat in silence , more nervous than during the monthly board meetings he held at maddox industries ' headquarters . 
 the last of which had been riddled with doubtful whispers about his leadership . 
 a weak portfolio for their asteroid mining endeavours meant a weak leader . 
 plus their usual competitor had won a big contract and somehow it was entirely his fault . 
 his father had proven them wrong enough times in the past , he knew he could do too . 
 at least with this passing thing he did n't have to face the usual torrent of questions that followed the meetings . 
 it was n't much , but the thought was enough to take his mind comfortably away for a few seconds . 
 as he waited the nearest group began to offer him some of their friendly advice . 
 either because of the look on his face or possibly the noise his foot continued to make as it repeatedly , and automatically , tapped the floor . 
 for whatever reason , he was just grateful for the support . 
 except for one problem : none of them spoke any human languages . 
 they resorted instead to gestures and overly animated enactments , to get their tips across to him . 
 one of them drew in a couple of deep breaths and then pushed against nate 's chest . 
 when he repeated the action , the man grabbed his left shoulder and shook it -- he assumed this was equivalent to shaking hands . 
 another of the group then pointed at her eyes , held wide open . 
 he could interpret this well enough but copied her anyway , to her delight . 
 the third suggestion , however , had him slightly concerned . 
 as well as keeping his eyes open and controlling his breathing , he was to expect a slight kick at the back of his head -- demonstrated by the entire group suddenly slapping the rear of their skulls . 
 laughter rippled through the group as they acted out the events that were only moments away . 
 nate found their joyful interactions an effective remedy to his stressful ills . 
 more and more his mind was able to form an expectation of what was to come . 
 it almost sounded fun to him now . 
 when the group stopped and turned to face the stage , it was clear the festival was about to begin . 
 there was no backing out for nate now . 
 a cheer erupted as a man appeared on a raised podium in front of the crowd . 
 he raised his arms , quieting them to near silence . 
 no words were spoken , or even required , such was his command over the crowd . 
 nate had to squint to make out the figure that had brought the group to a deathly quiet . 
 the power he had over them impressed him . 
 it took him a few seconds to realise it was l'armin . 
 the softly spoken man that had remained so still and quiet earlier , was well and truly in charge of proceedings now . 
 everyone watched with wide and focused eyes . 
 nate was n't sure where to look , their reaction intrigued him as much as the proceedings ahead . 
 if he concentrated on them too much he was worried he would miss something l'armin did . 
 the spectacle was beginning to draw him in , which was a surprise , but not a disappointment . 
 l'armin looked up to the rings above , speaking words of worship into the sky . 
 the crowd began to chant along with him . 
 the language was n't one nate recognised , but those around him certainly did . 
 his words were repeated as a near silent chant that began to work its way toward nate , as though carried on the breeze . 
 a signal was then sent to a man to l'armin 's side as the chanting intensified unexpectedly . 
 the volume of the voices all around increased in anticipation . 
 all nate could see was a man approaching the large central structure behind l'armin . 
 he climbed its single structure and then ceremoniously bowed . 
 he was clearly of the same race as l'armin , but without the baggy clothing that concealed his body shape . 
 the topless figure 's limbs were the same as l'armin 's too , skinny yet able to support a surprisingly bulky upper body . 
 after he had shown the correct amount of respect , he put as much theatrical exaggeration as he could muster into pulling a large lever in the middle of the structure . 
 nate was mesmerised . 
 the man moved like a magician , revealing an intricate workings the eye did not see . 
 he struggled at first to move the lever fully across from left to right , stopping occasionally before continuing . 
 eventually it clicked into position , locking in place with a satisfying clunk . 
 then silence again . 
 nate went to clap in appreciation , before noticing in the corner of his eye that everyone remained still . 
 they were held by something he did n't understand . 
 his hands hovered a few centimetres away from each other , he 'd just managed to stop them slapping together in time . 
 was that it ? 
 he thought . 
 a woman screamed excitedly somewhere near the back of the crowd . 
 it startled him , but only briefly . 
 what followed was much more dramatic -- and loud -- as something on the stage exploded . 
 whatever had sent the woman into a frenzy had suddenly come to life . 
 the festival had definitely begun now . 
 `` christ ! '' 
 nate shouted , as a bright blue beam of light , nearly two metres in width , shot out from the centre of the structure and straight up into the sky . 
 it continued on to the sparkling bands above at a tremendous speed . 
 the beam reached so high and so quickly , that within less than a second the top of it had narrowed into a thin streak of laser-light as it raced away . 
 in reality it had travelled at an incredible velocity to far beyond the moon 's atmosphere , where it had gently tickled the edge of the rings high above them . 
 he could see the light as it eventually hit , diffusing as it made contact . 
 the distance dazzled him ; he guessed it must have travelled tens of thousands of miles at least . 
 then ten , maybe eleven , seconds after reaching its destination something began to happen . 
 it appeared to vaporise a small area of the rings , now connected to their tiny moon by the light beam . 
 there a small blue luminescent cloud , perched at the top of the beam , began to build . 
 nate 's neck retorted at the sudden jerk upwards , as he 'd tracked the light . 
 he placed his arms on the ground behind to support himself . 
 if he had n't he was sure he would have fallen back and cracked his head on the stone floor . 
 he quickly realised he was witnessing something that would stay with him for a lifetime ; he did n't want to miss a thing . 
 even so his eyes began to sting as he fought to keep them open . 
 they soon began to water uncontrollably as the urge to blink became too much . 
 he decided , against his better judgement , to stand and take a better look at the source of the light beam . 
 it emanated from the bowels of the stage in front , a bright structure of light that appeared as solid as anything else around him . 
 a rumble of voices said something to him , but he was too immersed in his own thoughts to pay attention . 
 as he did with any magic trick , he searched for the things you were n't supposed to see . 
 to him the light must be a spectacular distraction . 
 except nothing appeared out of place , no loose props or hidden doors . 
 even the man who had activated the device was standing in awe of the beam . 
 as he kept his thoughts busy with peeking behind the curtain , he failed to spot what those around had tried to warn him of . 
 the luminescent cloud that had been building at the top of the beam was now hurtling back down it like a violent two metre wide glowing tornado . 
 when it hit he realised those around had been trying to tell the moron standing up , to sit his ass back down , lest he fall flat on his face . 
 an apt prediction , nate soon found out . 
 the cloud hit the ground with a dull , almost inaudible thud and immediately began to spread out across the surface in one vaporous wave . 
 nate felt it hit with surprising force , sending him stumbling into the group behind . 
 a small child yelped as he trampled over its tiny hand before he finally lost all control of his fall . 
 the floor welcomed him with a generous clout to the back of the head as he landed . 
 the family he had crashed into kindly propped him up again . 
 one of them then slapped the back of their own head to reiterate what they had told him . 
 everyone in the group took a deep lungful of air in unison , holding it in for a few heartbeats before slowly exhaling . 
 those around nate gestured to him to focus his breathing in the same way as before . 
 he copied as best he could , but the fall had winded him slightly , making each breath wheezy and laboured . 
 he followed their actions whether he thought it would help or not . 
 he was just grateful to accept their guidance once more . 
 as the air cleared and the sky returned to its usual twilight hue , nate could feel something odd . 
 he hoped he had n't cocked it up for himself as he watched the vapour cloud fade to nothing . 
 his head buzzed with an unknown energy that permeated his entire skull . 
 his thoughts were suddenly hard to form and fuzzy , like a tv showing nothing but static . 
 occasionally the seed of a thought sprung up but was quickly lost in the interference . 
 then came the forewarned kick , almost as forcefully as the cloud , right at the back of his skull . 
 it quickly passed along with the static , before the crowd slowly came back into focus . 
 he could see but his balance was shot , causing him to unintentionally slump to the side . 
 but he did n't hit the floor this time . 
 instead he fell against someone he had n't even noticed had taken position next to him . 
 whoever it was he had held nate in place , anchoring him to the spot . 
 `` are you all right , sir ? '' 
 cameron said , with obvious worry in his voice . 
 after quickly gathering himself together , nate tried to find cameron , assuming at first it was he who had stopped the fall . 
 yet when he turned in his new spot , he was shocked to see l'armin smiling back down at him instead . 
 how long he had been there for , nate could n't tell . 
 a laugh escaped from the side of nate 's mouth . 
 `` that was a rush . '' 
 cameron did n't reply . 
 the wide-eyed look on his face showed his composure had made a run for it as he 'd watched his career nearly disappear in front of him . 
 he wiped a loose drop of sweat from his forehead and into his slick black hair . 
 the collar of his shirt had turned a darker shade , a tell-tale sign of runaway perspiration . 
 nate watched the others nearby . 
 the ten percent of the brochure he had read had n't covered any of this . 
 so , unlike him they knew exactly what was coming next . 
 they stood closely huddled together in a circle and held hands , then closed their eyes . 
 another of l'armin 's race had joined the group next to him and was helping them along like an enthusiastic tour guide . 
 nate looked to the other circles that had spontaneously formed and noticed each of them now had their very own chaperon . 
 he guessed l'armin had been assigned as his . 
 a family much nearer the front were the first to reach the next part with their guide . 
 something was trying to form from nothing more than thin air , and nate could see that those around were causing it somehow . 
 in the middle of their circle , a small ball of glowing static electricity was popping excitedly , with a playful crackle . 
 the more it sparked the more it effected those in the group . 
 until every hair and loose piece of clothing had become stretched out horizontally , as though reaching for it . 
 nate stood up again , determined to see what was about to happen . 
 he balanced on his toes , akin to a ballerina , to see over the shoulders that hindered his view . 
 annoyingly they had started to sway from side to side , in some kind of celebratory dance . 
 he tried to compensate but his balance was n't good enough to keep up . 
 for the time being he had to settle for an obstructed view . 
 with a final pop a fantastic glowing orb appeared with a flash , like a tiny pinprick supernova . 
 at this point the swaying stopped , reinstating nate 's view of events . 
 his mouth gaped open when he saw the object in its entirety and not just the aura of light that surrounded it . 
 the orb grew until eventually it was big enough to step through . 
 even though he could n't see beyond its bright light , nate could still tell something lingered beyond . 
 whatever it was it remained hidden behind a veil of luminescence . 
 it did n't appear to be solid , moving instead like a bubbling and frothy soup of pure light , without any permanent outline . 
 as nate peered in , not sure if he could make out something inside , the father figure of the group stepped in and unexpectedly disappeared . 
 he gasped as the guide followed closely behind . 
 then one by one the others casually walked through , until they were all gone . 
 so enthralled by the spectacle of it all , he had n't noticed a number of other orbs had now opened for others to enter . 
 his concentration was only broken when he heard a familiar voice next to him . 
 `` are you ready nathan maddox ? '' 
 l'armin said . 
 his tone once again distilling a sense of calm into the situation , despite what had just happened . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 this is all new to me , '' nate said , as he clasped his hands together -- now drenched in sweat . 
 `` sure ? '' 
 it had come out more of a question than a statement . 
 `` i will guide you as they once guided me . 
 do not worry . 
 close your eyes and clear your thoughts . '' 
 he followed l'armin 's instructions to the letter , for fear of some unknown fate . 
 perhaps the blue orb would disintegrate his entire body to nothing more than dust if he did it wrong , he was n't sure . 
 more importantly , he did n't want to find out . 
 l'armin was his guide and he had his implicit trust . 
 his curiosity was slowly beginning to overwhelm his usually cautious nature . 
 `` as you let the beings in , thoughts will spontaneously appear and disappear , '' l'armin continued . 
 `` try to concentrate on one in particular . '' 
 l'armin 's voice had become distant as nate allowed his mind to race uncontrollably . 
 something weaved a path through his subconscious , appearing for one fleeting moment before burying itself deep once more . 
 thoughts were somehow more real than they were before , like he could reach out and touch them . 
 he imagined his hand out in front of himself , feeling around as if in complete darkness . 
 it ventured , wearily , toward a thought as it floated around , only to come up empty every time he tried to grab one . 
 the more he attempted to hold one the foggier the landscape became , as though each had turned to dust in his hand . 
 but sure enough it gradually cleared to reveal one coherent train of thought . 
 `` you must choose where to go nathan maddox , '' l'armin said , his voice now almost impossible to locate . 
 nate could see something forming in his mind . 
 one thought had taken precedent over all others and it was drawing him in . 
 he slowly moved forward , almost automatically . 
 the sound of a child laughing took him by surprise , followed by the sensation of heat on his neck and then a rush of air on his face . 
 where had he felt this before ? 
 his projected hand groped at the fog , as if to part it once and for all , revealing even more . 
 there was something there , only his concentration had shifted to one particular sensation : the crunch of dry dirt under his feet . 
 how his mind had arrived at this one thing , he could n't say . 
 he could n't really say if he had done it at all . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 the outburst immediately brought nate back . 
 his eyes rolled to the front as he opened them , like he 'd been abruptly awoken from a deep sleep . 
 all he knew for certain was that reality had invaded and washed away the most vivid daydream he 'd ever encountered . 
 it had quickly then become as foggy as any other memory . 
 with his mind now clear he could see the outcome of his short , but enjoyable , trip into his subconscious . 
 in front of him now hovered a glowing blue orb of his very own . 
 he could n't believe it , it had the same structure and everything . 
 the last , stubborn , bubble of doubt had finally popped . 
 `` are you ready to enter , nathan maddox ? '' 
 l'armin said , his hand perched gently on nate 's shoulder . 
 nate did n't speak , he was transfixed by the beauty of the orb . 
 it beckoned him to enter , like a steaming hot bath . 
 it promised to comfort him and protect him : step inside and see , it seemed to say . 
 he wanted to enter more than ever and if not for a lingering sense of worry , he would have dived straight in . 
 his eyes no longer saw a random light show , but one made just for him . 
 this one was special , it was his . 
 he was finally ready to see exactly how much of the brochure he had n't read . 
 chapter 4 ever so slowly , nate took a step toward the glowing shape he had somehow conjured up from thin air . 
 he hesitated before taking another , gradually speeding up as his confidence grew . 
 just as he raised his right foot , in anticipation to enter , someone tugged at his arm . 
 had something gone wrong ? 
 `` i think it would be best if i went first , mr. maddox , '' cameron said , as authoritatively as he could manage . 
 nate did n't argue . 
 it was the obvious suggestion . 
 he could almost hear helen sighing in relief , as he waved his bodyguard forward . 
 cameron took the lead and headed in . 
 the light enveloped him as he moved further into it , until only the back of his right leg remained . 
 it hovered for a second like a ghostly severed limb . 
 nate could see the moment cameron shifted his weight back to his left leg as he lifted his right in . 
 this was the cue he was waiting for . 
 he figured that as long as the next thing he saw was n't cameron screaming and writhing in pain , he was safe to follow . 
 the light was blinding . 
 he had expected as much , but the urge to open his eyes as he 'd stepped through had been too much to resist . 
 with each step the pain that itched at the back of his eyes subsided and gradually settled , until the light began to take on a yellow hue . 
 he soon noticed a warm feeling surrounding his body as he walked on , followed by a light , refreshing breeze . 
 something was coming through and slowly , but surely , taking shape . 
 when the floor began to crunch under his feet , he was positive . 
 he 'd been there before . 
 a more natural and welcoming light soon took over . 
 he rubbed his eyes on his sleeve to clear them of moisture . 
 eventually he was able to keep them open for long enough for them to adjust to the early evening sun , before blinking again . 
 he was shocked at the realism of the scene . 
 his memory of the place was lacking so much that now existed in front of him . 
 he could make out every blade of grass , every cloud in the sky , even the rust on the children 's swings that stood in front of him . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 nate had n't noticed him standing to the side , with the same look of wonder on his face . 
 was it all real ? 
 nate could n't decide . 
 as he watched earth 's sun reflect in cameron 's pitch black glasses he knew it was certainly impressive . 
 his own recollections of this time in his life never seemed as beautiful . 
 `` this is the park near where i grew up . 
 only i 'd forgotten most of these details , '' he replied . 
 cameron did n't hesitate , he set about touching as much as possible to confirm it was really there . 
 nate watched him move around , envious of his confidence . 
 almost as though he were scared he would break something if he tried to as well . 
 he could n't even imagine feeling any of it on his fingertips . 
 the sun was beating down overhead , he could feel its warmth , like a soft blanket . 
 but he could n't tell if it were a giant ball of plasma out in space , nearly 150 million kilometres away , or a cleverly designed light trick hung metres above . 
 whichever it was he conceded it resided high enough to be out of reach , so of little consequence . 
 the memory existed but this was n't simply a recollection , it was something much more tangible . 
 `` bugger , '' cameron called out from behind a tree nate had n't even noticed . 
 he headed over to meet cameron . 
 he had n't paid any attention to the tree as he 'd entered . 
 it had been such a huge thing to him as a young child , bigger than any other living thing he 'd seen at the time . 
 it once again filled him with a sense of joy and wonder , even though he 'd aged considerably since then . 
 the gravel again crunched under his feet . 
 it was a sound that jolted his memory into sync with his surroundings . 
 he 'd never forgotten that sound . 
 it conjured up countless memories of himself speeding through the park like his life were at risk . 
 the imaginary creatures he had enjoyed evading at the time had since faded into obscurity . 
 nothing could bring them back , he realised . 
 he was n't sure his imagination could still create such vivid images anymore . 
 still it was something incredible to see all of this in front of him once again . 
 cameron stood on the other side of the tree with a bloodied finger . 
 nate found him and at first glance was surprised to see he 'd removed his glasses to reveal two distinctly tired and heavy looking brown eyes . 
 they appeared older than the rest of him , which nate guessed was somewhere around the mid-forties -- roughly the same as himself , he noted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` i 've cut my finger on the dam tree bark , '' cameron replied excitedly . 
 he repeated cameron 's action of rubbing the tree 's rough surface . 
 bits of it began flaking away and sticking to his palm as he moved his hand up and down . 
 it did exactly what he expected it to . 
 even down to the inevitable splinter he could feel sticking into his skin . 
 he 'd hated this as a child but the sensation was too real to dislike now . 
 he had found a link to his childhood and gradually he was beginning to enjoy it . 
 they shared a childish laugh as nate wiped the debris onto his trousers . 
 cameron quickly moved on to the next thing that required exploring , showing an unrivalled amount of joy at the scene . 
 nate watched for a second before deciding to continue wandering around the tree . 
 he gently explored its surface by brushing his left hand across the bark . 
 soon he felt something curious , a defined shape , perhaps a letter , carved into the wood . 
 he then found others nearby . 
 they were markings carved into the wood with a pocket knife , left by previous visitors . 
 some were crudely designed images , hard to interpret , while others were clearly marked messages of friendship or childhood loves . 
 a rush of heat travelled up his neck and to his forehead as he began to search for the one his own pocket knife had left . 
 as he did he could remember the sweat on his hands as he 'd gripped the knife and spelled out his name so many years before . 
 he had been barely nine when he 'd left the message , in a tree he guessed was now paved over in reality . 
 but it was n't there . 
 he was sure he 'd left one . 
 nate reminisced of the hours he had spent playing in this playground . 
 he had so many fragments of good and bad memories , all among the swings and climbing frames . 
 like the time his friend broke an arm jumping from the top of the slide , or his own bruises from pretending to be a superhero , or even his first kiss , on the swings . 
 each of them took place with a distant sparkle from the many skyscrapers behind . 
 permanent glass clad reminders of what his future would hold . 
 not that he ever realised as a child . 
 to him the buildings , with their swarms of flying vehicles whizzing by , were just cool . 
 it was the first time in years he 'd remembered such times . 
 he was rarely relaxed enough to be able to . 
 his vacation was finally beginning . 
 the sound of children giggling nearby took his mind away from the past . 
 he peered around the tree and saw a group of kids swinging high and fast on the communal swings , in the middle of the park . 
 they were oblivious to the unnatural origin of the place in which they frivolously played . 
 it took nate a few moments to realise they were part of the re-creation . 
 they had to be , he had n't seen any human families during his flight or in the hotel . 
 his mind hurt as he tried to comprehend how this was at all possible . 
 did they know he was there ? 
 would he be able to interact with them , or was this simply a scene he could only witness ? 
 the answer came to him like a wrecking ball through a weak wall . 
 he was amazed to see cameron pushing one of the children on the swings , a small boy . 
 if any doubt remained it served as nothing more than structural support to the wall that had already fallen . 
 once they were gone the rest would come tumbling down around him . 
 `` strange , is it not ? '' 
 `` l'armin , this is fucking crazy , '' nate said , his curse causing a nervous laugh to slip out . 
 `` sorry . 
 how is this possible ? '' 
 `` your question does not need an answer . 
 it exists and is for you to enjoy . 
 do you recognise this place ? '' 
 `` yes , i used to live a few streets from here . 
 over there somewhere , i guess . '' 
 nate pointed in the direction of a row of houses to his left , past the swings . 
 but as his arm straightened out horizontally in the air -- his finger extended -- he noticed something odd about the child cameron interacted with on the swings . 
 it was a young boy around , he guessed , six or seven years of age . 
 the boy wore a bright blue t-shirt with scuffs and small tears on the elbows . 
 exactly the same as the scuffs his mother had complained about to him . 
 how do you keep ruining your clothes ? 
 she had regularly said to him as a young boy . 
 the answer was simple : in order to flank their imaginary enemy it was necessary for him and his friends to crawl through the bushes . 
 it quickly dawned on him that the child shared a lot more in common with him than he wanted to admit . 
 the trainers he 'd loved as a child reached up to the sky as the young boy excitedly leaned back into his swing to gain height . 
 cameron was completely unaware of who the child was . 
 `` shit , that 's me , '' nate shouted in amazement . 
 `` how the hell . '' 
 he turned to l'armin , who watched his every movement with an air of amusement and curiosity . 
 `` this is more than a memory , nathan maddox , it is a physical re-creation of the past . 
 it is as real as you and i. '' suddenly nate realised something else . 
 `` that 's why i could n't find the carving on the tree , i had n't done it yet . '' 
 he hesitated before continuing . 
 `` can i talk to myself , the kid me i mean ? '' 
 l'armin nodded . 
 `` i 'm not sure my head would be able to handle that , '' nate said . 
 the two of them stood watching cameron as he explored the place in a way nate wanted to , but could n't . 
 he was afraid if he altered anything it would damage the memory , corrupting it like computer data . 
 instead he let it wash over him . 
 the breeze had now lessened in strength and was breaking up less of the sun 's heat than before , causing his skin to tingle . 
 he licked a drop of sweat that threatened to drip from his upper lip . 
 was the sweat real ? 
 it certainly tasted real . 
 l'armin was first to break the moment of quiet with a slap of his hands . 
 `` would you like to move on ? '' 
 `` to where ? '' 
 nate replied , his eyes never straying from the younger version of himself , smiling as he flew through the air , no doubt expecting to touch the clouds . 
 `` anywhere . 
 the connection to the beings should be strong enough now for them to guide you . 
 your mind is a land to be explored , let them explore it . '' 
 `` all right , i guess we could . 
 but how do we move on ? '' 
 before the sentence had completely escaped nate 's mouth , another glowing orb formed in front of them . 
 `` i guess that 's how . '' 
 without a moment 's hesitation cameron stopped pushing the younger nate and raced over to the doorway . 
 his enthusiasm spurred nate on to join him . 
 this time nate desperately wanted to go first . 
 he had to jump ahead of cameron just to stop him charging through . 
 then a quick nod of the head between them confirmed readiness , with nate first in the queue like an impatient and fidgety child . 
 once again the sensation of a blinding light overpowered his senses . 
 he fumbled the air for something solid but nothing obvious was there . 
 even the sound of his feet could n't give anything away . 
 he could have been entering a large hall or a tiny cupboard for all he knew , nothing was giving him any clues like before . 
 there was n't the warmth of before either . 
 this at least suggested he could be entering somewhere indoors . 
 a low level hum of voices began to echo around him . 
 a world beyond the blindness was coming nearer . 
 the fog was once again clearing and voices were growing louder as he stumbled forward , becoming more defined , with every step he took . 
 he continued to wave his arms ahead , eager to grasp something to anchor him to reality . 
 when he finally felt something soft and padded he froze . 
 whatever it was , it had an owner and they were n't happy with the unprovoked grope . 
 after an uncomfortable few seconds his sight adjusted to the light in the room . 
 where he suddenly found himself face to face with a woman he did n't recognise . 
 he dared not look down in case the soft thing he 'd found to anchor himself to turned out to be a breast . 
 eventually he removed his hand and was thankful to see it leave the left side shoulder pad of her formal suit jacket . 
 she sent him a scornful look , regardless . 
 there was no doubt the woman had seen , and felt him . 
 a good reason to tread carefully , he decided . 
 he would keep an eye on his wandering hands too from now on . 
 with an embarrassing incident averted , he took a look around . 
 he was now in the middle of a crowded but intimate room full of elegantly dressed people . 
 they conversed within small groups that occasionally mingled with others nearby . 
 `` ok , this is cool , '' cameron said from behind . 
 nate turned to see him poking a man he 'd unintentionally bumped into . 
 unlike nate , though , he annoyingly prodded the poor man like a plaything . 
 `` cameron , easy with the finger attacks , '' nate said . 
 cameron laughed as he stepped away from the confused man . 
 `` sorry mr. maddox , this is just really weird . 
 what is this place anyway ? '' 
 nate scanned his eyes across the large , busy room . 
 people stood talking among themselves , each one holding a glass of champagne . 
 they were waiting for something to start , something he remembered straight away . 
 he found he could remember a lot more of this place than the playground ; with its dim artificial lighting overhead -- relaxing to the eyes -- and the rubbing of shoulders as people politely competed for room . 
 a thought of bubbles racing up his nose as he 'd swigged a drink , came to mind . 
 he could picture the tall glass in one hand , and something small in the other : a ring , hidden in the creases of his sweaty palm . 
 he grabbed two glasses from a tray as it was expertly manoeuvred past him and through the crowd . 
 when he handed the second glass to cameron he immediately remembered helen 's warning as the glass was taken . 
 a moment of worry that was put to rest by cameron 's attempt to stealthily place it down on a nearby table . 
 nate took note , no amount of paperwork would have picked up on that . 
 cameron was trying to beat his problem and he admired that . 
 but then his father always did say he was too soft . 
 the champagne slid around his mouth as he took a generous sip . 
 the bubbles tickled the back of his throat as he swallowed , just like it had on the day . 
 it did n't last long either , only three swigs until it was gone . 
 slowly he found himself losing the cautiousness that had stifled his exploration of the park before . 
 he began to make his way through the crowd like he would any ordinary gathering of people , regardless of whether they were real or not . 
 even going as far as apologising for bumping into people and raising his glass when the risk of spillage arose , though only a drop remained . 
 finally he made it to the front , where a large floor to ceiling glass window extended along the entire length of the room . 
 he knew exactly what to look for , so as soon as the last few people parted he set about finding it . 
 everyone waited for what was due to take place outside , he just had to remember where . 
 out in the expanse of space , one particular winking dot was about to provide their entertainment . 
 he marvelled at the familiarity of the sight before him , but was frustrated by this one missing detail . 
 only one of the many stars he could see interested him , the others were just a distraction . 
 `` we 've got about five minutes until one of these stars goes supernova , '' he said , but cameron had already disappeared into the swell of people . 
 he pushed his finger against the glass , where one of the closer stars -- or bigger , he could n't tell -- resided . 
 any moment now he expected it to explode into billions of brightly coloured pieces , spraying its content across a huge area of space and hurtling massive amounts of energy into nearby nebulae , seeding future galaxies . 
 an incredible aspect of nature that those aboard the ship had paid handsomely to witness . 
 `` kaboom , '' he said to himself . 
 he had n't realised someone was still listening to him . 
 the field of stars had him transfixed . 
 but someone had been there all the time , and they 'd enjoyed nate 's low-tech sound effect . 
 `` do you remember this place ? '' 
 l'armin said with a friendly smile . 
 the tiny giggle he 'd let out quickly trailed off . 
 `` you bet i do . 
 when the star blows ... '' nate pinched his fingers together as if to crush the star he 'd picked out of existence himself . 
 `` i get down on one knee and ask gemma to marry me . 
 somewhere over there . '' 
 nate 's finger surveyed the crowd behind him and rested over a couple standing at the back . 
 immediately he recognised the blue shirt with narrow white stripes and black trousers he 'd worn to pop the question . 
 equally he remembered the black dress gemma had effortlessly worn , with its well-placed slit down the side that framed her left leg perfectly . 
 they stood close , his arm around her back and resting gently on her hip . 
 nothing -- and no one -- mattered to them . 
 the words exchanged were meant only for each other , spoken softly and directly into the other 's ear . 
 `` i was so nervous , '' he continued , never once letting his eyes move away from the intimate scene . 
 the other nate rolled with laughter at something gemma had said . 
 for the life of him he could n't remember what it was . 
 it occurred to him that he 'd forgotten more about this day than he 'd like to admit . 
 a smile still managed to invade his face at the once shared joke . 
 the emotion was still as strong as it had been on the day , even if the details had become diluted . 
 it seemed contagious as l'armin had picked up on the same thing , despite the joke having evaded nate 's best attempt to recall it . 
 he and l'armin were still able to appreciate the reaction it had elicited . 
 it brought a smile that lingered on l'armin 's face for long enough for nate to spot , and become slightly confused by . 
 `` it 's strange to see the past play out like this , '' nate said , deciding to ignore the oddness of the moment . 
 `` the memory must be strong for the beings to lead us to it . '' 
 there was a slightly questioning tone to l'armin 's words . 
 `` it is . 
 this was roughly 15 years ago . 
 we 're still great friends . 
 divorced . 
 but good friends . 
 at this point it could n't get any better ... or it was all downhill from here . 
 both are true . '' 
 `` which is it at this moment ? '' 
 `` good question . 
 to be honest it depends on my mood . '' 
 nate left it there . 
 he quickly shifted his position to get a clear view of the stars , and to stop l'armin posing any more questions about his failed relationship . 
 the star everyone had gathered to see was now due to amaze with its violent death throes . 
 the life of a sun was about to end in one of nature 's most impressive processes , and trays of snacks were drawing all of the attention over on a small buffet table . 
 nate and gemma were no exception , but they were interested in each other rather than finger snacks . 
 nate was first to spot the increasing luminosity of the star of the show . 
 it was roughly two feet or so to the left of the one he had picked earlier . 
 soon enough it began to make itself known . 
 the dark and featureless view was quickly becoming its stage to shine on . 
 all others appeared to dim as its performance overwhelmed their amateur talents . 
 it soon became too much for his eyes to stand , stinging the back of them . 
 he closed them but the light was stronger still . 
 it shone through the skin of his eyelids making them almost translucent . 
 only a hand over his already closed eyes could alleviate the pain . 
 everyone was now paying attention . 
 some covered their eyes like nate , while others adorned tinted glasses to block out the harmful brightness . 
 after a few seconds it began to dim , along with the crowds audible reactions . 
 he was surprised to see it was over so quickly , but cautious enough to open his eyes away from the glass . 
 when he did he was greeted by an ensemble of emotive faces , some of which showed their amazement with mouths agape and half eaten snacks on full display . 
 `` we 've tinted the window to filter out some of the light , so go ahead and remove your glasses folks . 
 enjoy the view , '' a voice said through the speaker system overhead . 
 nate turned back to see for himself . 
 it was still the brightest thing in view , but with less strength than before . 
 the star had completely torn itself asunder and would continue to do so for months now , and they were able to watch without a worry . 
 he was sure , as he peered through the dimmed glass that he could make out a bubble like shape surrounding the distant explosion . 
 either debris or the distorting effect of watching such a thing through a window , he surmised . 
 but it was n't the immense scale or overwhelming beauty that caught him unexpectedly . 
 it was something else . 
 something he could n't possibly have appreciated at the time . 
 as he watched the demise of the star , for a second time , he realised what it was . 
 it had become the perfect metaphor for his relationship with gemma and the way in which it had ultimately ended . 
 one minute it had been perfectly stable and full of wonder , and the next it drifted in a million pieces through the black of space . 
 the thought seemed to stick in his side . 
 he was n't bitter but maybe a little regretful . 
 perhaps he was ready to try again ? 
 the star had released energy that would go on to seed other stars , why could n't he do the same in his love life ? 
 his mind began to picture the same scene except with helen in gemma 's place , wearing the same dress and gracefully sipping on a glass of champagne . 
 `` i think she is pleased , nathan maddox , '' l'armin said . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 nate spun back around to face the crowd . 
 the question had been asked and he 'd completely missed it -- too distracted by the view . 
 the answer was obvious though . 
 he remembered the relief as gemma had accepted and thrown her arms around him . 
 she 'd squeezed so tight that his neck had ached for at least an hour afterwards . 
 he remembered it well and was strangely comforted by watching it play out again , despite his knowledge of the future . 
 but somehow things were n't quite going right , all of a sudden . 
 he did n't remember such a commotion in the background as he and gemma had celebrated . 
 nothing obvious came to mind though , nothing he 'd forgotten . 
 still something was definitely very badly wrong . 
 he could see people pushing and shoving each other in the middle of the room , like a fight had broken out . 
 the scuffle was beginning to spread , causing others to suddenly react to something nate just could n't locate . 
 whatever was happening , he was sure it had n't the first time this scene had been enacted . 
 `` get down , '' cameron shouted suddenly . 
 nate was shocked to see cameron racing toward him and l'armin , with a look of utter panic across his face . 
 he pushed people in his way to the floor without any consideration . 
 his sight was locked on and unmoving as he charged at them from the other direction of the disturbance . 
 everything was quickly going wrong . 
 confusion took over as nate could n't decide whether to look at cameron or to the crowd . 
 nothing appeared to be out of place to him . 
 after gemma had said yes , they had stayed to take in the view before going on to a well-planned night of celebration . 
 he knew he 'd forgotten some elements , but this was totally different . 
 cameron was more animated than ever before , suggesting something dangerous was happening . 
 he 'd seen it and was reacting without hesitation . 
 as nate tried desperately to figure out what was wrong , he had already parted the crowd like bowling pins . 
 there was no more time to think as he launched his entire body into a well-executed dive , knocking nate and l'armin to the ground with his full force . 
 his weight landed in one heap on top of both of them . 
 helplessly pinned to the carpet , nate still searched for a possible cause . 
 l'armin , however , was more unfortunate and was knocked completely out of the way . 
 he was sent rolling away , straight into a nearby table . 
 its contents catapulting across the room with such force that a few of the plates smashed against the window behind them . 
 cameron fumbled with his holster and eventually unbuttoned it , freeing his side-arm . 
 he pulled out a small pistol and waved it to the crowd , indicating that he wanted them to back-off . 
 each jumped away like any threatened person would , unwilling to see what cameron 's shiny black weapon was capable of . 
 with a blinking red light showing the safety was off , he was ready for business . 
 `` what the fu -- '' nate struggled to speak under cameron 's bulky weight . 
 `` stay the hell down , '' cameron barked back at him . 
 `` he 's got a gun . '' 
 chapter 5 what was once a treasured memory had somehow descended into chaos . 
 the crowd had become a mass of panic . 
 they had completely vacated the centre of the room , hugging the walls as best they could . 
 nate could n't understand what was happening . 
 with cameron in full protective mode and not letting him budge an inch , he found it impossible to see anything . 
 despite the fact that the extra weight was threatening to suffocate him . 
 he fought for the strength to push cameron off , but the man was strong . 
 too strong for him to move even slightly . 
 just as his anger was about to boil over , something loud rang out that instantly released the pressure his anger had built up inside of him . 
 for a few seconds he could n't hear a thing and could only feel the ground reverberating as people trampled each other to get away . 
 though their voices were vacant . 
 for some reason his ears hurt too , like someone had jabbed the inside of them with a hot needle . 
 after a moment his hearing began to return , revealing that some in the crowd were screaming hysterically . 
 everything was muffled , yet the sound was piercingly high pitched . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 he shouted to cameron , whose reply became lost in the noise . 
 his own heavy breathing was rushing around his head like electrical feedback , drowning everything out , including cameron . 
 through the tiny gaps between people 's legs he could see something intermittently , as they moved about . 
 he was surprised to see a flash of gemma on her knees , with her face in her hands . 
 frustratingly someone 's leg blocked his view once again . 
 he struggled to move to see what she was doing . 
 each time his sighting was quickly cut short . 
 a feeling of claustrophobia began to take over as his limbs became trapped . 
 cameron continued to pin him down as any dutiful bodyguard should . 
 at any other time he would have been grateful , but his view of gemma was blocked . 
 all he wanted was to move a few inches more to the side . 
 finally cameron leapt up , releasing nate from his imprisonment . 
 he stay ahead with his pistol drawn to clear the way as nate followed suit and made it to his feet -- albeit much slower than cameron . 
 thankfully , the numbness that had come from a lack of blood to his extremities had subsided within a minute . 
 his legs were unsteady at first , sending him stumbling forward , and only just in a straight line . 
 then after a couple of steps they were swiftly propelling him toward the epicentre of the chaos , with the confidence his eagerness demanded . 
 the closer he got , though , the more his mind was unsure of what he saw . 
 suddenly his legs were the most solid part of him . 
 gemma had moved and was now cowering over a bloodied body sprawled out on the ground . 
 she wept into the man 's chest , leaving a slowly expanding wet patch on his blue shirt . 
 its familiar pattern of narrow white stripes was still visible through the red stain . 
 something awful had just happened , which nate struggled to comprehend . 
 when he finally realised what had happened his jaw dropped to the floor in disbelief . 
 his own double lay in a position he could n't believe was even possible , with the left arm reaching around his back as if disconnected . 
 something violent had rocked through him , causing severe damage across the entire body . 
 not until nate saw the top of the body , though , did he realised the full extent of the injuries . 
 a weapon had been fired at point-blank range , right square in the victim 's face . 
 except it had n't just created a path through the skull of his double , it had created an entire bypass . 
 the shot had also burnt the shirt collar as it had completely removed the head . 
 he dared not look for long , the sight of his own demise made him sick to the stomach . 
 `` jesus christ , '' nate said , unintentionally aloud . 
 the shock made it hard for him not to feel like a ghost , newly released from the body and yet to find peace . 
 was he now haunting this place and did n't realise ? 
 his thoughts raced as he made a vain attempt at understanding the situation . 
 all he could see clearly in his mind was the image of his double laughing only moments ago . 
 he had n't noticed cameron had vanished , until he suddenly found himself alone . 
 in desperation he searched for support , but could find none at all . 
 if cameron had spotted the dead man on the floor , nate was sure he would have stayed . 
 so where was he ? 
 as he struggled to calm his stomach he realised even l'armin was now nowhere to be seen . 
 gemma still leant across the body and sobbed uncontrollably . 
 the incident had caused a torrent of tears that carried her mascara down her cheeks , in wet and dirty streaks . 
 nate instinctively reached out to pull her away and into his arms . 
 she initially pushed him back , before then gratefully accepting amid another barrage of tears . 
 if there were doubts about the realism of this place before , they were washed away as her crying dampened his own shirt . 
 `` it 's ok i 'm here , '' he said , with no idea if she recognised him or not . 
 it did n't matter , at that moment he had to hold her tight . 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 she said nothing and only breathed heavily against him , stuttering every now and again as her weeping intensified . 
 but she did n't speak at all . 
 surely she would see he was unharmed and they could continue on to dinner ? 
 lobster and champagne if he remembered correctly . 
 he would enjoy that , he told himself . 
 though she had become too distant to surely care about any of that now . 
 to nate 's surprise , her reaction to the devastating scene slowly began to vanish from her face entirely . 
 something beyond terrible had just happened and she appeared to be ok with it somehow , and all of a sudden . 
 this was n't a human reaction at all , but an autonomous machine like detachment . 
 cameron reappeared suddenly with his face red and his flushed cheeks almost purple . 
 he inhaled in quick successions to regain his composure . 
 his demeanour was that of a determined man rather than the nervous wreck that clung on desperately to the past , as nate had soon become . 
 `` are you all right mr maddox ? '' 
 cameron said between breaths . 
 nate let go of gemma and was disturbed to see an empty expression on her face . 
 she did n't recognise him , even face to face . 
 her eyes looked to him but they passed right through . 
 he was a stranger and nothing more ; a feeling far worse for him than anything he 'd experienced during the divorce . 
 she was n't there at all , nothing of the gemma he knew was present anymore . 
 his shoulders felt suddenly heavy as she wandered off , giving him the kind of thank-you any helpful stranger would be happy with . 
 a proverbial cold shoulder to match his own , which now felt the cold air rushing across drying tears . 
 he began to doubt that she had seen anything there at all . 
 perhaps he was a ghost . 
 her future husband now lay on the floor and was missing a pretty important part of his anatomy . 
 yet she no longer cared . 
 she walked past people and waved , even smiled , as if the violent death a few moments earlier had never happened . 
 he watched as she eventually left the room through a door he knew he had used before , but could n't use now -- however much he desperately wanted to . 
 if he could he knew he would try to re-create the night in the way it should have happened . 
 as if this rewrite was permanent and lasting . 
 the blood stains all over her dress would probably have made that plan a little difficult to pull off , though . 
 they were hard to ignore . 
 suddenly he began to regret his casual exploration , as though it had caused everything he know witnessed . 
 how could things have changed so much ? 
 did he alter things without thinking ? 
 he needed answers . 
 if only to shake off the image of gemma 's dress soaked in red . 
 `` what the fuck happened here ? '' 
 he said through gritted teeth . 
 `` some guy in a hood , ran in with a gun and blew that guy 's head off , '' cameron said insensitively , while pointing to the headless body now leaking blood all over the floor . 
 nate 's head whipped around so fast he thought it might twist off completely . 
 he stared at cameron , who did n't initially notice . 
 when he did his eyebrows began tunnelling down to his eyes . 
 `` that guy was me . 
 i 'm dead right there . 
 how is that possible ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 i ... i ... '' cameron 's sentence struggled for closure . 
 the crowd began to mingle again , ignoring the anxious conversation that continued by the body . 
 they reacted to each other as though the incident had n't occurred at all . 
 either they were unable to process it , or they were no longer aware of it . 
 like a reset switch had been flicked that had erased it for them . 
 some even stood by the body , oblivious to the graphic nature of the scene . 
 nate was surprised , but too angry to think it over for long . 
 it was clear that something prevented them from reacting . 
 this was true also for the re-creation of gemma . 
 none of them were real . 
 they should only have acted out what really happened on the day . 
 so what was the reason behind the changes ? 
 l'armin appeared through the dwindling crowd . 
 he looked around , dazed but still intact overall . 
 a collection of smears ran down his right side where he 'd been forced into a table full of half eaten lunches . 
 he wiped himself down to remove any of the remaining dirt . 
 though with each swipe of a hand across his garment , he managed instead to rub in the stains further . 
 `` thank god . 
 l'armin what 's going on ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 `` this is odd indeed . 
 the ring beings have chosen the new over the old , '' he replied cryptically . 
 as he spoke he continued to make a mess of his clothes by pressing the dirt in even more . 
 `` the guy was gone before i could see where , '' cameron said . 
 `` i mean , i ran as fast as i could to catch up , but he was too damn quick . 
 once he 'd stepped through the glowing entrance thing , i lost him . '' 
 nate grappled with what cameron had said for a few moments until it hit him . 
 `` hang on . 
 are you saying this was n't part of the illusion ? 
 l'armin , is that possible ? '' 
 l'armin did not reply . 
 his eyes surveyed the room as if the answers were walking among the remaining crowd . 
 it might have been too much for him to take , nate thought . 
 he stood motionless but for the occasional twitch of his lips . 
 clearly he wanted to speak . 
 `` i 'm saying this guy walked in , the same way we did , pulled out a fucking hand cannon and shot that guy ... or you ... whatever . 
 he then legged it back out , '' cameron said . 
 `` this ca n't be real . '' 
 `` if it was n't real then why did n't he use one of the fake doors in here ? 
 it was real , sir , and the blood on your hands with it . '' 
 cameron only just managed to finish his sentence before he had to take another large breath , sating his lungs desperate want for air . 
 nate looked down at his palms and was disturbed to find a sticky smear of blood stretching across them . 
 gemma 's dress had been covered in it . 
 he wiped them frantically against his arm sleeves , accidentally discolouring the cloth . 
 to make matters worse his palms were becoming more and more red tinted , while parts of his shirt had been turned slightly purple . 
 however much he tried , it would n't go . 
 `` why kill him and not me ? '' 
 he said , spitting in his hands and rubbing . 
 l'armin stood over the body , a look of concern on his face . 
 he knelt down beside it and closed his eyes with his hands clasped firmly together . 
 the loss of a life had compelled him to pray , it seemed . 
 `` i 'm guessing , as far as he 's concerned he has killed you . 
 otherwise why bother ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 `` so he was supposed to kill me . '' 
 the shock had exhausted nate , he had to sit down . 
 he pulled out a chair from a nearby table and let himself fall into it . 
 the red stains in his hands no longer bothered him anymore . 
 the one still drying into his shirt would be much harder to ignore . 
 cameron nodded in agreement . 
 they both watched as l'armin carried out what they took to be an end of life ritual . 
 he recited words under his breath , in a language neither of them recognised . 
 `` but got the other me instead ? '' 
 nate continued . 
 again cameron nodded in agreement , accompanied by an automatic tap of a hand against his side-arm . 
 as they spoke they continued to watch l'armin . 
 he had begun to perform some kind of purifying procedure , waving his arms up and down the length of the body . 
 he willed something to leave it . 
 his motion showed a clear path for whatever it was to exit : a convenient hole someone else had created at the top . 
 nate felt ever so slightly calmer as he watched l'armin . 
 he was comforted by the respect being shown . 
 however unusual he found it , considering the dead man was n't real . 
 `` i 've got to get back to my room , '' he said . 
 with one last enthused thrust of his arms l'armin had removed whatever evil had remained within the body , and was done . 
 `` i believe you have been given a gift nathan maddox . '' 
 he returned to his feet with the use of a nearby chair . 
 `` a gift ? 
 how is this a gift ? '' 
 nate replied to l'armin 's absurd comment . 
 `` by mistaking the past for the present , the killer has failed in his attempt to kill you . 
 yet he is ignorant of his failure . 
 in here you are safe until he realises . '' 
 `` how can he stay in here ? 
 no i need to get him off this bloody rock and back to safety , '' cameron said . 
 he had completely changed within such a brief moment of time that nate almost did n't recognise him . 
 no longer did he appear as the poor soul , clinging on to one last hope of keeping his job . 
 in nate 's eyes he had reserved a permanent place by his side . 
 he had proven vigilant and his actions had secured their safety . 
 cameron could have opened a bottle of champagne and downed the entire contents there and then , he would n't have cared . 
 nothing of the man before was important to nate now . 
 `` you still do not appreciate where you are nathan , '' l'armin said . 
 he walked through the almost empty room with his arms outstretched . 
 `` to be in here is to be in you . 
 you are the apparatus from which this projection emanates . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 we 're leaving , '' cameron said . 
 l'armin 's arms returned to his side with a slap . 
 he sent an angry look to cameron as he moved over to a table that had somehow been undisturbed by the chaos . 
 without a care he swiped his arm , knocking a glass off of the table beside him . 
 it tumbled to the floor and landed in one satisfying crash , shattering instantly into hundreds of pieces . 
 shards were sent rattling across the floor as they bounced off of each other . 
 `` the glass is broken , '' he said . 
 `` but the pieces are still there , yes ? 
 we can choose to leave them apart , or we can bring them together once more . '' 
 nate was mesmerised by the demonstration . 
 he looked at the pieces of glass littering the floor . 
 he knew there was a point but he struggled to grasp it . 
 more importantly , he was in no mood to try . 
 he placed his face in his hands and felt a warmth from them that was unwelcome and unexpected . 
 he wiped his face instead . 
 the stickiness from the drying blood had been made worse by a build-up of sweat . 
 at no point did he consider the risk of accidentally smearing it across his cheeks . 
 when he removed his hands he was surprised to find l'armin and cameron waiting patiently for his response . 
 cameron 's eyes had become wide and glazed , he was quickly appearing lost in thought . 
 nate found solace in their shared confusion . 
 `` listen , l'armin i 'm grateful for your help , but i do n't understand what you 're getting at . 
 i need to get away from this place and find helen . '' 
 after a laboured nod in the direction of the exit , he stood and began to make his way toward it , with cameron following closely behind . 
 l'armin stormed off in the other direction . 
 he mumbled something in his native tongue , getting more animated the further out of nate 's earshot he got . 
 `` i 'll get us seats on the next flight off this rock , '' cameron said while frantically tapping his fingers against a small holographic display , which projected from a tiny aperture on his wrist watch . 
 he scrolled through a booking screen to find the earliest flight . 
 nate could see how urgently cameron wanted him out of harm 's way by the list he perused . 
 from what he could see not one of the listed flights brought them anywhere close to earth . 
 their attention was torn away by a thudding sound from behind . 
 something was reverberating from a forceful hit . 
 then a second and a third . 
 whatever caused the noises had become determined to achieve something destructive . 
 `` what the hell is he doing ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 he immediately minimized his tiny holographic display and assessed the unexpected disturbance . 
 his other hand gracefully moved over to his pistol , hovering there while he decided whether to use it or not . 
 nate turned reluctantly to see what cameron was complaining about . 
 what he saw was hard to comprehend . 
 l'armin was smashing the end of a large metal pole into the wall of glass that kept space out . 
 he could see the wire still hanging from the lamp shade l'armin had pulled out of the wall socket and was now using like a battering ram . 
 with each hit the glass wobbled more violently until a noticeable area of scratches began to form . 
 he shrugged his tired shoulders , the never-ending stress of the evening had begun to make him ache . 
 obviously the glass metaphor had n't had the desired effect on him . 
 but this new approach was even more perplexing . 
 could n't l'armin just let them go ? 
 `` what are you d ... '' cameron 's sentence was cut short by a sudden shift in tone of the glass wall , after yet another impact . 
 it had quickly gone from a deep thump to a high pitched creek . 
 the sound was no longer able to travel through the entire structure . 
 somewhere a crack had formed . 
 l'armin stopped halfway through another hit and began to cautiously back away . 
 a small but visible crack began to expand slowly from the impact point of the pole . 
 more and more cracks began sprouting from the centre , like a spider unfolding its long knuckled legs , until there were too many to count . 
 `` shit , he 's gon na kill us , '' cameron said in a blind panic . 
 nate felt cameron grab his arm and force him in the direction of the exit . 
 he really must arrange a pay-rise , he told himself as he was moved along . 
 at the same time the buzzing sound of a device being activated came from cameron 's hand . 
 he 'd drawn his side-arm again , without a moment 's deliberation , and was one trigger-pull away from removing l'armin from the equation . 
 the lights on the side of his pistol again blinked a fierce and angry red . 
 `` no , '' nate said , placing his hand across the barrel as soon as he realised cameron 's intention . 
 `` seriously ? 
 he 's trying to kill us . '' 
 in the background nate could hear l'armin calling to him . 
 `` wait nate maddox , '' he shouted , with both arms raised above his head . 
 the glass let out an ominous groan as it made one last attempt at withstanding the pressure deficit of space . 
 but too many cracks had appeared for it to take much more . 
 its structural strength was suddenly laid to waste by the undermining weaknesses , shattering its entire surface in the blink of an eye . 
 a massive explosion of glass and debris was propelled out into space , sparkling as they spun away , almost beautifully . 
 nate instinctively clamped his hands over his eyes as quick as he could manage and drew in one huge lungful of air . 
 he knew what was supposed to happen . 
 his lungs should have been sucked empty in a nanosecond , squeezing every bit of air out . 
 followed by his blood boiling and escaping from any paths it could find , fizzling away into the black , cold death of nothingness . 
 not to mention being inevitably shredded by a billion tiny knives as he would then go on to join the expanding cloud of glass debris . 
 but none of it came . 
 he dared not open his eyes in case he 'd somehow pre-empted his expectations . 
 when his arms were eventually moved away by someone else , he knew for certain he was still alive . 
 `` you can not die by your own creation , '' l'armin said calmly . 
 when nate opened his eyes he found himself staring straight at l'armin . 
 despite his best efforts he could n't release his arms , they were locked in place . 
 l'armin had made his point and was n't about to let him miss it . 
 even though he knew they should be dead , something told him to listen . 
 after enough time had passed that he could trust nate would n't just clamp his hands over his eyes again , l'armin let go . 
 he then stepped back and waited . 
 the freedom to move allowed nate to take a tight grip of cameron next to him . 
 just in case some kind of elaborate trick had been played on him and they were still about to be sucked into oblivion . 
 but again nothing happened . 
 he could now see the large hole where once a protective layer of reinforced glass had separated life from death . 
 in its place was a chaotic scattering of glass fragments spinning away in every direction , like tiny diamonds . 
 except now they were joined by any piece of furniture that had n't been bolted to the floor : in less than a second the tables , chairs , cutlery and even parts of the wall had been sucked out . 
 the room was now completely empty , but they remained . 
 `` i can die if someone puts a gun to my head , '' nate said , with a nervous wobble in his voice . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` spit it out , for christ sake . '' 
 cameron 's voice carried across the room and back again . 
 `` what exactly are you saying , that needed saying like this ? '' 
 he managed to say only slightly quieter . 
 `` in here , we can find the killer . 
 the beings of the rings have the ability to show us , '' l'armin said . 
 cameron waved his left arm in a dismissive manner . 
 `` not this again . '' 
 he let go of nate and began to pace up and down a metre long piece of carpet . 
 the gun continued to flash red in his hand . 
 he had n't yet decided whether he needed to use it or not . 
 tension in nate 's neck was now causing him some considerable discomfort . 
 he arched his head back to release the pain temporarily . 
 after a few seconds staring at the ceiling he shook his head slowly , he could n't quite put his frustration into words . 
 he thought of joining cameron in wearing out the carpet . 
 but instead he let out an overly long moan . 
 `` your memories are the glass pieces , '' l'armin continued . 
 `` we can put the pieces back together and witness its full form again . 
 you must let the beings of the rings guide you in piecing your memories back together . '' 
 it was clear to see that things had begun to take their toll on cameron . 
 he leant on the back of a chair and allowed his weight to slowly shift from his right leg . 
 the chair wobbled slightly as it reluctantly took the load . 
 his pacing had only made things worse , he was almost out of breath . 
 cameron had proven himself worthy of the job but his fidgeting was making it hard for nate to decide what to do . 
 which made him think . 
 it seemed strange how people had been so ready to write cameron off , like a bad investment . 
 what he lacked in intelligence he more than made up for in vigilance . 
 what more was needed of him ? 
 `` ok , '' nate said , finally having made his mind up . 
 `` so how would we do ... that ? '' 
 `` we will allow the beings to show us . 
 you must understand that the answers will not be obvious at first . 
 let the beings find them so we may interpret their meaning . '' 
 after taking the weight back off the chair , cameron approached nate . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 he whispered into nate 's ear . 
 he cupped his hand around his mouth to conceal his words from l'armin . 
 `` this is n't a good idea . 
 you 're not safe here with these bloody aliens . '' 
 `` mr maddox ? '' 
 l'armin said . 
 the decision to follow cameron had felt the most appealing to nate , at first . 
 but something lingered at the back of his thoughts , like the blood stains that refused to come off his clothes . 
 why him ? 
 he could n't run away and put the entire situation behind him , he had to stay and find out why he had been the target . 
 except he could n't tell what was behind the desire to remain : curiosity or revenge . 
 either way it was what the most emotive part of him wanted . 
 he had to stay and find out why . 
 `` i 'm going with l'armin , '' he said . 
 `` but -- '' `` i 've decided , '' nate said , cutting cameron off . 
 `` and i want you to guard the entrance back in the playground . '' 
 cameron lowered his head in acknowledgement . 
 `` fine . 
 but take this with you . '' 
 he bent down and unbuttoned a small holster -- fastened just above his ankle . 
 what he produced was more like a pen than a weapon , with no visible trigger . 
 at the end , its two tiny barrels were more likely to confuse rather than threaten its victim . 
 `` it fires a low density beam . 
 one shot , enough to put something close , face down on the carpet . '' 
 nate took the weapon . 
 `` i 'll keep it close . '' 
 he placed it loosely in his pocket before offering his hand to cameron . 
 `` make sure you do . 
 sir . '' 
 cameron solidly shook nate 's hand . 
 `` just promise you 'll come get me if anything happens . '' 
 `` i will , do n't worry . 
 one more thing cameron . 
 keep everyone out . 
 i do n't want people trampling around my memories . '' 
 cameron nodded his head as he made the necessary mental note . 
 `` got it , '' he said as he turned and headed for the exit . 
 with a slight hesitation and one last look back for good measure , he stepped through and vanished into the unnatural glow . 
 it was n't much , yet just enough to relax nate and ease his racing heart . 
 he felt safer knowing nothing else unwelcome could come bursting in . 
 but an obvious vacuum had formed between him and l'armin . 
 he hardly knew the man that was about to lead him further into the realms of the weird and wonderful . 
 at least with cameron he had the familiarity that came with being of the same species . 
 `` so how do we start ? '' 
 he said . 
 with one raised finger l'armin silenced nate 's curiosity and took a couple of large strides to the right side wall , as though he were measuring the distance . 
 once there he moved slowly along the wall , his hands barely touching as he explored its surface . 
 his eyes closed periodically as something appeared to distract his senses . 
 nate could n't see what , to him the wall was barely textured and only a painted surface . 
 yet somehow there was more that l'armin was sensing . 
 eventually he found a spot that was apparently suitable for whatever he had in store . 
 his arm remained outstretched with his hand hovering inches from the area . 
 `` here , '' he said . 
 nate had watched with a great interest . 
 it was matched only by an equal amount of confusion . 
 now he was expected to join in and with no clue as to what was about to happen . 
 he hesitantly walked over to l'armin . 
 again curiosity had gotten the better of him , but he was still cautious . 
 a generous serving of nerves caused his steps to become smaller the closer he got . 
 `` what are we looking for ? '' 
 he said , still unaware of why the chosen spot was better than any other . 
 `` this is a weak point . '' 
 l'armin almost rolled his eyes when nate inevitably adorned the face of ignorance : eyebrows reaching for the sky , half of his lip upturned and an exhalation of breath in frustration . 
 `` everything you see was created from your memories and experiences , yes ? '' 
 nate only nodded in reply . 
 `` then , as with any memory there are parts you will remember more strongly than others , '' l'armin continued . 
 `` this area was less important and as such a weaker recollection , or re-creation . 
 here . '' 
 nate was ushered to the wall where l'armin offered the position to him with an open palm . 
 it felt odd at first but somehow also right as his hand made contact with the cold surface . 
 there were no sparks or reactions from the inanimate surface , only an almost imperceptible softness to it , like he could push through if he tried hard enough . 
 perhaps the assumption that it was ordinarily impossible to do such things was all that prevented him . 
 `` ok , that feels weird . 
 what do i do now ? '' 
 he said , his hand trembling slightly . 
 `` feel the underlying structure . 
 before we entered this place , do you remember what i told you ? '' 
 `` about choosing a thought to focus on ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 for us to proceed this time you must not . 
 to find the answers you seek , you must allow the beings of the rings to search your mind . 
 close your eyes and allow them in . '' 
 he did as l'armin asked and shut his eyes . 
 he focused his sense of touch solely on the patch of wall his hand caressed . 
 he tried to think of nothing else , except an image was beginning to form unintentionally in his mind . 
 the cold slowly fell away as his body heat transferred to the metal . 
 it temporarily broke the image apart , but something wanted it to appear . 
 something external , nate suspected . 
 `` picture your body on the floor . 
 do you see it ? 
 l'armin said . 
 a hand was placed on nate 's back , pressing against him supportively . 
 he leaned into it without meaning to . 
 just having it there was enough to make him at ease with the experience , however strange it had become . 
 even though he knew he was standing with his hand making damp patches on the wall , he could see another room just as real . 
 though , the room he was imagining was somehow to normal scale and physically within the infinitesimally small space between his eyes and the lids . 
 trying to picture what l'armin had instructed became disturbingly easy . 
 he 'd never known his imagination to be so real . 
 the body was still and lifeless , just as it would look if he 'd opened his eyes . 
 but the blood had become more real now , like it was still flowing . 
 he concentrated on the path the red liquid was taking and found that it lead away from the contorted form on the floor . 
 it had a life of its own , branching away like a blood rich delta across the ground . 
 some of the tendrils raced away and around the room as they searched for something . 
 every crack was a path to be exploited , until most of the room was glowing a vivid shade of red . 
 their movements were purposeful and nate was sure they were not driven by him , but by someone else . 
 unlike before he felt like a spectator in his own imagination , along for a ride the beings of the rings were in control of . 
 they were busy too , seeking out every corner of his mind . 
 he could feel them rummaging around and bringing forth feelings from the past . 
 `` see the killer run through the rift . 
 now go through it . 
 follow him , '' l'armin continued . 
 nate could n't help but notice how l'armin 's voice sounded . 
 the words were so clear , like they were coming from inside his own head . 
 `` i see him , '' he said , excited by the sudden chance to participate . 
 the figure was dark and hard to focus on . 
 there were no details that he could make out , just a featureless form running for the exit his mind had conjured up . 
 he followed as fast as he could until it vanished along with the room . 
 as he tried to picture the scene again , he found he could n't . 
 his eyelids were once again the only thing in front of his eyes . 
 he felt disappointed to see the image disappear so suddenly . 
 for a short while he thought he had done something wrong . 
 but a warmth then began to build in his palm . 
 he could feel it increase until unexpectedly the wall gave way . 
 his fingers tingled as the sensation intensified . 
 something was there , but it was n't solid like the surface he 'd felt before . 
 it pushed back like a gust of air against his hand . 
 `` there , '' l'armin said . 
 upon opening his eyes , nate was at first blinded by the glowing light of another rift . 
 he faced away , meeting l'armin 's stare unexpectedly . 
 the wideness of his eyes suggested he 'd been impressed by the achievement -- or just surprised . 
 `` i have never helped a human do this before . 
 we must be cautious . '' 
 nate chuckled nervously as he pushed into the light . 
 the further in he moved , the more the tingling sensation subsided . 
 `` you first then , '' he said , not waiting for a reply . 
 he was unable to see a single thing in front of him now . 
 even so , he wandered ahead . 
 the rift was taking them even deeper into the unknown . 
 chapter 6 nate 's feet landed quietly as he stepped through the newly formed rift . 
 again his sight was overwhelmed by an unnatural brightness that separated one world from another . 
 with nothing to lead him through he took tentative steps , checking each time his feet touched the ground for something solid , before moving on . 
 a look down confirmed his feet were there , but nothing appeared underneath them . 
 he decided to keep his arms by his side , no accidental groping this time . 
 as his sight returned he found himself entering a dark and badly lit area . 
 a faulty light flickered above him that he could n't quite focus on , only seeing a blurred outline at first . 
 within seconds his eyes were able to see much more , allowing his surroundings to come into view , in all its dim splendour . 
 a long corridor , a few metres wide , stretched out in front of him . 
 it curved to the left and out of sight . 
 what lie beyond the bend was hidden from him , with the curve of the wall acting as a vertical horizon . 
 for as far as he could see along the right side , there were rows of windows looking out into space . 
 and on the left , a few metres or so apart from each other , were a number of airtight doors . 
 all were sealed tight in case of a hull breach . 
 the lights that lined the ceiling were low , like they had been dimmed deliberately . 
 apart from the one above him of course , which was clearly due to be fixed . 
 the advantage was that the low lighting let in a mesmerising image of space outside . 
 one he had marvelled at on many occasions . 
 a force was present to keep his feet on the ground , but he 'd experienced this unnatural version of gravity many times before . 
 unlike in the previous memory , this artificial gravity was originating from a much cheaper source . 
 not fancy , almost indistinguishable from real gravity , generators . 
 but the more affordable types his father insisted on having installed on his mining ships , to cut costs . 
 it allowed for everyday walking , as long as the pace was consistent . 
 it was much less effective at speed and often launched the more exuberant crew members into an unbalanced wobble . 
 it was n't that it did n't work , it just had a reaction time that left a lot to be desired . 
 a loud pounding noise rang through the entire structure , bringing with it a sudden recollection of younger years for nate . 
 it was an unmistakable sound to him . 
 the vibrations rattled his bones and sent a shiver up them in equal measures . 
 his youth began flooding back to him , bringing a grin to his pale face . 
 l'armin greeted nate with a smile of his own , as he entered and immediately began to look around . 
 `` fascinating , '' he said , staring out the nearby window and into space . 
 the pounding noise rang out again causing him to flinch -- which amused nate . 
 `` what is making that awful sound ? '' 
 `` i know exactly what that is . '' 
 nate began to walk at an excitedly brisk pace . 
 he had to slow down soon after as his feet began to miss the ground . 
 they wanted to skip or run , he was n't sure . 
 instead they sped up , doing neither or both at the same time , again he was n't sure . 
 all he knew for certain was the artificial gravity generator was once again missing a beat . 
 if he had n't slowed down he would have lost his balance entirely . 
 after a few stumbles he made his way to the windows . 
 there something large came into view outside . 
 tens of metres below their corridor system was the rest of the ship , stretching out hundreds of metres ahead . 
 it gleamed , with huge lights illuminating its surface and lego-block like structures jutting out , in a seemingly random way . 
 the ship had undoubtedly been built for purpose , not aesthetics . 
 l'armin joined him at the window and looked out at the ship . 
 the expression of amazement on his face suggested he 'd never seen or heard anything quite like it before . 
 his mouth remained open with his bottom lip hanging . 
 when the pounding sound again reverberated through the hull it startled him , prompting his lips to slam shut . 
 `` incredible is n't it ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` the noise of that thing nearly drove me mad as a teenager . '' 
 `` incredible indeed . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` welcome to maddox industries ' flagship asteroid capture and mining vessel . 
 or the miner 's folly , as we called it , '' nate said with obvious pride . 
 `` this baby was my home from ages seven to eighteen . 
 god i miss this place . '' 
 for a moment he was certain he was about to tear up . 
 his recent brush with death had made him a mess of emotions . 
 he really did miss the miner 's folly , but thinking about it had never caused such a strong reaction in him before . 
 `` an impressive sight . 
 how does such a ship work ? '' 
 l'armin said , bringing nate back from the brink . 
 `` we grab the rock and break it apart . '' 
 as nate spoke a large glow began to emanate from the front of the ship . 
 `` the beauty of this system is its simplicity . 
 we get what we can carry from each rock and make the fuel we need to get it home , from the rest . '' 
 the pounding noise echoed through the ship once more . 
 however , this time they could see where the sound was coming from . 
 the glowing area at the front of the ship had suddenly burst into a highly energetic beam of luminescent yellow light , with sparks flying in all directions . 
 it shot ahead of the ship and silently struck the side of a large asteroid that had been hovering in the dark . 
 light from the beam scattered across its surface , revealing how much it dwarfed their ship . 
 at more than three times the size of the miner 's folly , it almost entirely blocked out the view of space behind it . 
 l'armin leapt away from the window . 
 the beam had taken him by complete surprise . 
 `` woah , '' nate said . 
 `` take it easy l'armin . 
 they 're just breaking pieces off for processing . 
 nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` this is a dangerous endeavour , nathan maddox . 
 one should not disturb the celestial realms . '' 
 l'armin continued to back away from the window . 
 `` this is what i do my friend . 
 these rocks are lifeless , i assure you . 
 and full of money making , precious metals , '' nate added with a smirk . 
 l'armin 's mouth drooped at the sides , the scene was proving too much for him to stomach . 
 he turned away and sighed , choosing instead to ignore it completely . 
 nate 's reassurance had done little to sway his obvious concerns . 
 `` a dangerous endeavour , '' he repeated , quieter this time . 
 nate 's excitement suddenly faded as he watched l'armin 's interest dissolve into something more akin to disdain . 
 as he took in the sight it slowly dawned on him how ugly the concept must be for someone such as l'armin . 
 on display before them was a way of life that had absolutely no concerns other than how much profit was being made . 
 it could n't have been more opposed to l’armin 's -- and his race 's -- reverence for the heavens . 
 or celestial realms as l'armin had called it . 
 he searched for something more pleasing to show his companion , but all he saw was heavy industry . 
 his heavy industry . 
 he wondered what his company would make of the beings l'armin worshipped . 
 would they look past them and harvest the ring 's ice for profit ? 
 he did n't know for sure . 
 the sightseeing session had ended too abruptly for nate , leaving an uncomfortable silence between him and his companion . 
 he was finished showing off his ship and was now more interested in moving on . 
 but everything appeared as he remembered , no nasty surprises were lurking in the shadows . 
 the pounding noise was continuing at the same regular interval he had lived by for so many years : four minutes and twenty eight seconds between bursts , he recalled . 
 so why was he seeing this ? 
 it made no sense . 
 the killer was n't there , he was sure of that . 
 `` i do n't understand why they 've brought us here , '' nate said , breaking the silence . 
 `` this has nothing to do with what happened . '' 
 l'armin walked ahead , mumbling something to himself . 
 he held his hands together with his fingers interlocked as he calmly strolled away , leaving nate behind and still waiting for an answer . 
 whether he 'd been heard or not -- or if he 'd been ignored -- nate could n't tell . 
 all he knew for certain was that something had drawn l'armin forward along the corridor . 
 something his human hearing had n't picked up . 
 `` there is only so much the beings can do , '' l'armin eventually said . 
 `` answers are here . 
 we must find them buried inside . '' 
 before nate could answer , a raised voice echoed down the corridor . 
 it soon returned to an almost inaudible level -- for his ears at least . 
 it had come from someone up ahead , who had appeared from one of the doors with another man . 
 without meaning to nate quickly found himself overtaking his companion 's more laboured pace . 
 his feet had a mind of their own and were missing the floor far too frequently , but he did n't care . 
 what was ahead had him excited . 
 by the time he reached the pair he found l'armin was a few metres behind and clearly taking his time with the inadequate artificial gravity . 
 as soon as he 'd heard the voice he 'd recognised his younger self , and there was obvious anger in his voice . 
 they were still distant , but he knew exactly what the conversation was about and who it was with . 
 he was able to work out roughly when this was as well . 
 when he finally arrived he was struck by how much younger and flustered his doppelgänger looked . 
 there , a much younger version of him stood red faced and frowning , with his arms crossed as a show of defiance . 
 next to him was his father , also younger and with much smoother skin than nate knew him to have now . 
 `` i 've told you no and that 's final . 
 why do n't you bloody listen , boy , '' his father said . 
 he wagged a loose finger as he berated his teenage son . 
 suddenly nate was back there and watching the same finger waving inches from his own face . 
 the gesture threatened to re-ignite a teenage anger he thought he 'd long ago forgotten . 
 he loved and respected his father , but at the time he 'd wanted nothing less than a resounding victory . 
 what made his anger worse was knowing he would certainly not get one -- stubbornness ran in the family . 
 `` i 'm nearly 18 , it 's my decision , not yours , '' the young nate snapped back as he turned to walk away . 
 nate watched , but the whole scene felt more like a dream from the third person perspective . 
 he was completely lost in the moment and unable to make head nor tails of its relevance . 
 `` if you leave when we get home , do n't expect to come back after it all blows up in your face , '' his father said . 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 the teenage nate turned back sharply to face his father as he spoke . 
 `` you think i have n't planned this out , do n't you . 
 you always do this . '' 
 `` of course you have n't planned it out . 
 this is just another one of your pipe dreams . 
 this is where you belong . '' 
 his father slapped the metal bulkhead with his palm . 
 `` here with me , on the folly . '' 
 nate could n't help but smile at the way his father had made the point . 
 it had never been enough to use merely words , a gesture was always worth ten times more . 
 by slapping the wall , nate had since realised , his father was making it about more than just the two of them . 
 and he had been right . 
 the young nate was n't just leaving his friends and his father behind . 
 the miner 's folly had been his home , and he was planning on leaving it behind as well . 
 he watched the two arguing as they continued along the corridor . 
 both figures were so much thinner than he remembered . 
 still it did n't deter the two of them from barking back and forth at each other like much bigger dogs than they really were . 
 when he passed the bulkhead his father had slapped , he placed his own palm on the same spot . 
 it was pleasingly warmer than the surrounding metal and continued to heat up as he pressed it . 
 he turned to l'armin who returned a perplexed expression . 
 `` it 's like he 's here with me . 
 i have n't had time to visit him much , since i took over the business . '' 
 he slapped the bulkhead a few times to cement his own point before moving on . 
 `` i see . 
 may i ask you something ? '' 
 l'armin said . 
 `` sure . '' 
 they continued along the corridor with the much younger nate and his father still arguing ahead . 
 their words were hard to make out as the echoes compounded against each other . 
 followed by the regular pounding sound that still interrupted the scene . 
 `` are there others who seek materials in this manner ? '' 
 `` you mean asteroid miners ? '' 
 nate turned to face l'armin , who bowed his head in acknowledgement . 
 `` absolutely . 
 it 's pretty hairy sometimes actually . 
 i remember once when a competitor approached a rock we were already surveying . 
 when they saw us , boy , were they not happy . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` well , let 's just say that size matters a shit-load out here . 
 and this baby 's one of the biggest ... look . '' 
 nate led l'armin to a computer panel on the left wall . 
 it lit up immediately upon detecting his touch , throwing some welcome light across the still dim corridor . 
 he tapped at the screen until a view of the ship 's stern appeared . 
 this time the scene was more serene and -- to nate at least -- beautiful . 
 even with tiny flickers of fuzz intermittently pervading the picture . 
 he felt certain it would at least take the edge off l'armin 's inherently disapproving opinion of his company 's operations . 
 the back of the ship appeared to stretch out almost equidistant to the front section . 
 it put their corridor system somewhere in the middle , raised up by a few tens of metres . 
 at the far end , positioned slightly above the hull , were enormous and bulging ovals . 
 these were where the engines were housed and visibly alight . 
 their faint purple glow brought a much needed change to the black all around them . 
 `` so there are many of these competitors who could desire your demise ? '' 
 l'armin said . 
 nate had to take a minute before answering . 
 he had been temporarily taken aback by the sudden interest , assuming the questions had been brought about by genuine curious . 
 instead l'armin was one step ahead and looking for the elusive clues . 
 even the impressive view to the rear of the ship could n't tempt him to understand what nate did for a living . 
 he was all business for now . 
 at first the suggestion of a competitor wanting him dead shocked nate . 
 partly because it had come out of the blue , and partly because the list he had quickly compiled had become quite long . 
 too long for him to keep track of in his head . 
 it was undeniable that a few would hate him enough to want him dead . 
 but which could have actually gone through with it ? 
 `` ok , i guess there 's a few . 
 so why are we here ? 
 why are n't we checking one of them out instead ? '' 
 he said . 
 no answer came . 
 they began to walk toward the still loud voices . 
 the argument appeared to be reaching its end , with the tone suggesting it was now more of a heated discussion than a shouting match , as it had been before . 
 although the conversation still carried enough baggage to count as an argument , it was a small one in comparison . 
 they were too far away to make out the actual words . 
 they would have to get a lot closer to understand them . 
 unfortunately l'armin had begun to drag his feet as he reluctantly followed . 
 something , nate could see , had upset him . 
 he appeared to be speaking under his breath like he had before , just prior to an outburst that shattered a perfectly good window . 
 nate decided to leave l'armin to himself and continue ahead on his own . 
 the pair soon came into view as he walked along . 
 the young nate was stood in the entrance of a metal doorway with the words crew quarters written above in bold orange letters . 
 `` i 'll think about it dad , i promise , '' the young nate said . 
 the relieved expression on his father 's face was one he remembered well . 
 only it had been followed by one of bitter disappointment the next morning , he remembered , when he 'd finally decided to leave the miner 's folly . 
 a crushing blow his father had taken very badly . 
 after that they had n't spoken for nearly 6 years as nate 's plan proceeded to fulfil his father 's prophecy , and duly blew up in his face . 
 but something finally felt wrong , or at least out of place , as he watched his young self and his father hug before parting ways . 
 it took him a few seconds to realise what it was . 
 by which time his father had slipped away through another door further ahead . 
 the corridor was now empty , or so nate thought . 
 his unique viewpoint allowed something he did n't remember noticing on the day to be seen now . 
 a few doors away someone else was watching from the safety of darkness . 
 the person was obviously interested in the ongoing disagreement between the two generations of the maddox family . 
 he was also intent on remaining unseen , peering from behind a door only an inch or two open . 
 `` do you see that ? '' 
 nate said . 
 even though he knew the other man could n't see him , his footsteps were light and cautious as he approached . 
 he sneaked in plain sight until a door behind him opened loudly and was then closed again . 
 the unmistakable sound of metal hitting metal , distracted him suddenly . 
 the person that had exited the door simply wandered the other way down the corridor . 
 he was of no importance and yet nate had watched him just like the unknown man had . 
 once silence returned , the man dashed out of the shadows and on to another door further up the corridor . 
 his feet shuffled along , hardly making a sound at all . 
 annoyingly nate could n't see who it was . 
 it was difficult for him to judge whether the man was important or not at such a distance . 
 after quickly checking that l'armin was in tow -- and noticing how equally intrigued by the mystery figure he was -- nate continued on . 
 when he turned back he was surprised to see the man had already reached the door and had begun tapping at the keypad next to it . 
 a beep verified the acceptance of the entered pin , followed by a thud as the large bolt-locks slid into the open position . 
 it was an airlock that sealed their area off from the deeper levels of the ship . 
 one nate had used on countless occasions , but he had no idea what the pin was . 
 it had been years since he had last needed to use it . 
 knowing that he needed to get through the door if he had any hope of understanding the man 's relevance , he launched himself forward . 
 the answers were close and only a metal security door with an unknown pin number stood in the way . 
 but his feet once again became light and unsure as the artificial gravity struggled to keep up . 
 he was quickly losing his balance , and his temper , as he stumbled forward . 
 the only option he had left was to throw himself forward . 
 to his delight the door and his outstretched left arm made contact just before it closed . 
 he had slid a good few feet on his stomach to reach it , but he had managed to keep it open . 
 albeit by jamming his arm between the opening . 
 his hand reached through the gap while his face was forced into an uncomfortable sideways position against the door 's edge . 
 it squeezed his arm as he held it ajar like a squishy door-stop . 
 soon the pressure began to pinch . 
 it threatened to cut off the circulation if he did n't move . 
 he pushed his arm and shoulder against the door and slowly it moved open further , until he could feel the blood rushing back . 
 when the gap was big enough for his head to turn in , he finally caught a glimpse of the mysterious man . 
 he was confused to see someone he knew very well wandering away . 
 `` stuart ? '' 
 he said . 
 chapter 7 the face was unmistakable to nate : a wide chin , small inset eyes and thin strands of hair that made little attempt to cover the top of the head . 
 it was stuart , but a much younger version . 
 he had to know why this was important . 
 the ring beings knew something he did n't . 
 he pushed the door one final time , intent on stepping through , and readied himself to confront the much younger version of a man he thought he knew well . 
 but it was not to be . 
 as he slid through , what resided beyond the door withered away to nothing . 
 stuart was gone along with something more important , the truth . 
 `` not yet , dammit , '' nate said , infuriated at being taken away at such a crucial moment . 
 instead of entering the room beyond , he was met with the same burning , bright light he had encountered before . 
 except this time he had n't expected it . 
 his momentum carried him forward with little time to consider closing or covering his eyes . 
 rather than pushing through cautiously and allowing his vision to adjust , he 'd sped forward blindly . 
 as before his sight gradually returned , but this time they were streaming with tears . 
 dark blotches hung in front of his eyes , like he had stared straight at the sun by mistake . 
 everywhere he looked they followed , hiding whatever was coming into view . 
 he began to feel bodies bumping into him as he walked on . 
 to nate the blotches were alive and grabbing at him . 
 yet swiping at them did nothing . 
 when he managed to hit something solid he realised the blotches were not real , relatively speaking . 
 the room he entered was vastly different to the one he wanted to be in . 
 he began to make out its features piece by piece , as the dark patches slowly dispersed , like exorcised spirits . 
 the cold and dulled metals of before were replaced with soft , expensive looking wood and executive looking colours . 
 the walls behind him and to his right had been painted a neutral cream , while the other two were floor to ceiling windows that overlooked a bustling city vista . 
 the middle of the room was taken up by a large circular table -- also made from expensive wood . 
 rows of people lined the back of the room -- a crowd of spectators -- while the more important sat around the table in black leather chairs , ready for the meeting to commence . 
 everyone waited for a man at the front to begin proceedings . 
 nate pushed his way through as he surveyed the room . 
 his path was closely followed by l'armin who looked as alien as ever among the suits and ties . 
 but this new place was not what he wanted . 
 he fought the urge to return to the last area and ignore this one . 
 it was n't until he had found a way through the sea of bodies that he realised where he was , and became instantly curious . 
 when the final heads parted before him he could see the other side of the central table . 
 there sat across from him was his father , stuart and another nate , all of a much older age than in the last memory . 
 the window behind let in a comforting orange glow as the sun began to set beneath an artificial horizon made up of smaller , surrounding buildings . 
 the city was vast , but as a testament to his family 's success , it all resided many levels below . 
 nate turned to find l'armin stood on his tip-toes in order to see past a young woman in front of him . 
 the sandals he wore fell loosely to the floor under his feet , they only appeared to hinder him . 
 `` this was only recently . 
 maybe two-and-a-half years ago , '' nate said . 
 `` do you understand why the beings have brought us here ? 
 it must be a relevant memory . '' 
 `` not yet , though the guy spying on my father and me earlier is now sat over there . '' 
 nate pointed at the three sat talking casually at the table together . 
 `` i do n't know why , but these beings of yours seem to think stuart 's important . '' 
 `` who is this man ? '' 
 l'armin said . 
 `` he 's been in the company since the beginning . '' 
 nate had to nudge a few people out of the way to make room for his friend beside him , as those nearby continued to fight for space . 
 `` he and my father have known each other longer than i 've been alive . 
 he 's practically my uncle . '' 
 the room quickly hushed as nate 's father stood to address the still gathering crowd . 
 this was the man he knew now , the youthful version had felt a little odd to him . 
 more like an old recording of a man than a real , flesh and blood , living being . 
 the same features were there , except they were now accompanied by the lines and creases that he was used to . 
 years of hard work had also pulled his stature downward into a frame more suited to boardrooms than hard labour . 
 `` ladies and gentleman , '' he began . 
 `` thank you for joining us on this most special of occasions . '' 
 finally nate had pinpointed the exact day this was . 
 `` this was when i took over the business . 
 why was this more important ? '' 
 `` allow time , nathan , '' l'armin replied . 
 `` as you all know , '' nate 's father continued . 
 `` i have been running maddox industries for a good few years . 
 too many some would say . '' 
 a low level chuckle made its way around the room , louder at the table than elsewhere . 
 `` in fact this would be my 43rd year . 
 and that is where the meaning of this meeting lies . 
 i have decided , with great deliberation , that this will be my last year at the helm . '' 
 nate spotted a hugely obvious look of pride across the face of his double . 
 he remembered exactly what that felt like . 
 how bloody naive , he thought . 
 if only he could tell his younger self of the sleepless nights and endless meetings the title carried with it . 
 the thought only lasted a second before it was stolen from him by the sudden sight of stuart 's expression . 
 as his father continued his , as usual , well-rehearsed speech , stuart sat with a look of utter worry . 
 his fingers rolled over each other nervously . 
 a bead of sweat formed under his highly groomed hair implants and rolled down to his brow . 
 nate kept his eyes locked onto him as the announcement was made . 
 `` so i think it is the right time for me to step down . 
 now i know you 'll all want to know who will replace me and i 'm glad to say ... i can . '' 
 another dull chuckle explored the room as nate 's father deliberated . 
 `` nate , stand up for the ladies and gentleman and introduce yourself . '' 
 the other nate stood and shook his father 's hand . 
 they exchanged a wide , enthusiastic smile . 
 `` thanks dad but i 'm sure everyone already knows me , and unlike you i 'll keep this brief . 
 it 's a great honour and to be honest , it 's about time . '' 
 nate held up a glass to his father . 
 those around the table with a glass of bubbly did the same as a toast to the outgoing leader . 
 all except for stuart , who took a deep swig of the glass before him . 
 nate had watched his face go through varying degrees of redness as the two maddox 's spoke . 
 the decision had taken him by complete surprise . 
 nate had never realised . 
 `` it appears your friend does not find your succession pleasing , '' l'armin said . 
 `` i guess . 
 i was so caught up in the celebrations , i never noticed he was n't happy . '' 
 `` was he unhappy enough to tell you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he obviously kept it bottled up . 
 we 're fine now though . 
 i mean i 've been in charge for just over two years now . '' 
 the words came out but nate was n't sure he meant what he was saying . 
 although their relationship appeared healthy on the outside , he 'd never understood stuart like his father always had . 
 he 'd been left to do his own thing and advising nate took up less of his time these days . 
 the orderly quiet of the room gradually became a more social hum of chatting and cheerful exchanges . 
 all around , nate could see faces he knew well and even recognised some of the expressions he remembered from the day . 
 his own double stood surrounded by a group of people all vying for the approval of their new captain . 
 his father was already stepping back , obviously happy to give up some of the limelight . 
 nate took a seat next to the still fuming stuart . 
 `` he is really pissed . '' 
 `` does this appear to be the face of a killer ? '' 
 l'armin came right out with it . 
 `` what ? 
 no , of course not . '' 
 l'armin stood between nate and stuart , his eyes locked on his query . 
 `` his anger seems strong , nathan . '' 
 he switched back and forth between stuart 's eyes as though each told only one part of the story . 
 `` ok , i 'll give you that . 
 but he 's not involved in this . '' 
 nate rested his hands on his knees and lent in . 
 `` besides , the guy cameron saw was obviously younger than stuart . 
 this man could n't outrun lunch let alone someone half his age . '' 
 stuart 's intense stare at the other nate suddenly stopped and -- like a switch had been flicked inside -- he stood , put on a broad smile and brushed himself down as he headed for his new boss . 
 he waded through the crowd and found a neat slot among the group . 
 nate followed and stood behind , able to see above stuart 's relatively low stature . 
 `` congratulations nathan , '' stuart said . 
 he extended his hand out and grabbed the other nate 's , rudely stealing it from another member of staff . 
 `` i think it 's great your father thinks so highly of you . '' 
 nate remembered how this had seemed a perfectly normal thing to say in such circumstances . 
 but something pinched at the back of his mind this second time of hearing it . 
 there was something else in stuart 's words that he had n't picked up on as he 'd casually sipped his drink . 
 `` i do n't remember that sounding quite so snide at the time , '' he said . 
 `` his words do not reflect his feelings ... '' l'armin said , with a quaint nod of his head . 
 he brought nate 's attention down to stuart 's stern grip on the other nate 's hand . 
 `` ... nor do his actions , nathan . '' 
 both of stuart 's hands were around his boss 's left hand and squeezing roughly . 
 his grip varied in intensity , almost exactly mimicking the clenching of his teeth as he feigned enthusiasm . 
 again , nate did n't remember paying much attention . 
 after countless congrats and you 'll do your father proud , he had n't had the room mentally to take anything else in , however unusual it may have been . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me nathan , i have some calls to make , '' stuart said , his teeth barely separating . 
 the other nate did n't reply -- an obviously unintentional snub . 
 instead his hand was snatched away by yet another smiling employee with a message of good will . 
 nate stood aside and allowed stuart to depart the festivities . 
 `` where are you running away to ? '' 
 he was about to follow stuart through the crowd when he spotted a comforting face . 
 the young woman he saw was trying her best to get the other nate 's attention : bobbing her head about into any and every empty space that appeared between those in front . 
 it took immense patience , nate saw , for helen to find the right moment to make herself known . 
 and when she did she took no prisoners , nearly elbowing another person in the face as she forcefully made room . 
 `` we should continue our journey , nathan , '' l'armin said from behind . 
 `` we may be close to answers . '' 
 nate was surprised at how pleased he was to see helen stood before him . 
 after the recent events she imprinted a sense of peace on an otherwise chaotic situation . 
 her great smile and large blue eyes drew him in every time . 
 now more than ever , he wanted to stay and lose himself in them like a sailor on a calming ocean . 
 eventually his double spotted her and immediately became more interested in leaving his current conversation . 
 he introduced himself and from that grew a healthy chat about how much he hated all the attention . 
 they laughed together . 
 nate remembered , how for the next month they had been inseparable . 
 he was sure that if she had n't become stuart 's assistant they would have hooked up . 
 at least he hoped they may have . 
 `` nathan . '' 
 l'armin put his hand of nate 's shoulder and began to gently turn him away . 
 `` we must continue . '' 
 `` right , sure , sorry . 
 where is he ? '' 
 l'armin pointed at the large doors they had entered through . 
 nate eventually spotted one side of the double doors swing open and nearly knock a tall , thin man flat on his ass . 
 whoever had just used the door , he did n't care much for others . 
 `` that 'll be stuart , '' nate said . 
 they both hurried through the bustling crowd . 
 when they reached the doors nate stopped and peaked through its clear , circular window . 
 by now he was becoming acutely aware that every time he ventured through a door it could take him somewhere else . 
 this time he wanted to make sure he did n't miss anything before entering . 
 he caught a glimpse of stuart speeding off in a huff . 
 quickly he disappeared around the corner of the corridor , heading for the lifts . 
 nate ran through the layout of the building in his head . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 `` he 's heading to his office on the 160th floor , i think . '' 
 and sure enough as he pushed open the door , everything faded to an intense white . 
 he could n't decide whether he 'd caused it to happen because he 'd expected it to , or if it had simply been a coincidence . 
 nevertheless he continued . 
 he was starting to understand why the ring beings were so revered . 
 the power they had was incredible . 
 times he thought he 'd lost to forgetfulness were once again restored . 
 the synapses had reconnected and he was experiencing the memories anew . 
 if only the rest of his memories could remain this vivid . 
 they had a great knack at moving people on to the next important memory too . 
 he just hoped they would make their point sooner rather than later . 
 his patience was slowing wearing thin with their insistence on focusing on stuart . 
 why did they have such an interest in him anyway ? 
 the voices of the boardroom behind became more and more echoed and distant , until another sound overtook them : a familiar deep hum , followed by his shoes making a thumping noise as they landed on metal . 
 this time he decided he would be more careful with l'armin . 
 the last thing he wanted was to show another part of his life that might upset him . 
 thankfully , he recognised the noises around him straight away . 
 the miner 's folly was once again ahead of them . 
 chapter 8 the light cleared to reveal that they were again aboard the flagship of maddox industries ' fleet . 
 this time things appeared more lived in than before . 
 the metal walls were clean , but contained gouges and scrapes along their surfaces after countless run-ins with heavily clad crew members . 
 this part of the ship was less impressive and a whole lot more practical than the previous area they 'd visited . 
 it also desperately needed a new coat of paint to replace the now peeling layer of ocean blue that adorned its walls . 
 `` we are again on your ship , nathan , '' l'armin said . 
 `` which path should we take ? '' 
 nate found the way l'armin had asked mildly comical , he was n't sure if he wanted a literal or a philosophical answer . 
 his unintentional smirk elicited a confused look from his companion . 
 before them lay a seemingly endless corridor , devoid of any windows or signs . 
 where previously there had been thick glass windows , linking them to the outside world , now nothing but walls and doors lined their route . 
 there were no markings around them to give away their position on the ship and no obvious direction for them to travel . 
 but this corridor was busy and provided an obviously important path for the crew . 
 nate placed it somewhere within the bowels of the ship , where the real work was done . 
 this was a purposeful corridor . 
 standing directly in the middle of the corridor proved an unwise choice for nate and l'armin . 
 within a minute of entering they were swamped by a group of crew members heading for the mess hall , all dressed in baggy blue overalls . 
 the men were an enthusiastic bunch that took no time at all to shove nate to the side . 
 once out of the way he could see just how busy the ship had become since their earlier visit . 
 along the walls stood others who had been moved aside by the stampeding men . 
 some wore overalls , while others wore roughed up trousers and heavy boots with -- more often than not -- greasy tops to boot . 
 those with cleaner clothes were clearly just about to start a shift . 
 they mingled casually along the corridor , some catching up on gossip and idle chat as they walked . 
 no-one along these corridors ever wore a suit and tie . 
 the minor 's folly was n't a place for soft clothing . 
 if it could n't take weeks of sweat and grease then it did n't belong on the ship . 
 the same went for her crew . 
 nate tried hard to remember the last time he had worn anything that did n't have a designer brand-name on it somewhere . 
 `` i suppose we need to figure out where stuart should be , '' he said , unwilling to address how much he had changed . 
 he took a few steps forward , past another static group of workers , and activated a small screen on the wall . 
 `` now this system was never that advanced , so it ca n't tell us where he is . 
 but ... '' he tapped the screen which in turn lit up , and then began scrolling through its options . 
 `` got it . '' 
 l'armin joined nate at the wall screen with a curious look on his face . 
 `` what has the wall given you , nathan ? '' 
 `` not literally , '' nate said with a laugh , in a much more disparaging way than he would have liked . 
 `` it says here the date is august 5th , 2131 , and here 's the work schedule for the day ... '' he slid his finger down the screen as he surveyed the list . 
 `` a repair team is working on the fore antenna array which was damaged by debris during the last job . '' 
 he swiped his finger across the screen , removing the list , and opened the map of the ship . 
 after re-familiarising himself with the ship 's layout , he pointed the way ahead . 
 `` this way , come on , '' he said . 
 `` the forward access airlock is this way . '' 
 `` is this the place stuart will be ? '' 
 l'armin asked , as they set off along the corridor . 
 `` if i remember right , yes . 
 this was only months after i returned to work for my father . 
 i was twenty four . 
 he wanted to punish me for leaving years earlier , i think . 
 so i got a lot of physically demanding jobs . 
 one of which was to do outside repairs , like fixing the antenna arrays . 
 and stuart was supervising the job . '' 
 nate could feel a sickness rising from his stomach as he remembered the countless space-walks he 'd had to endure . 
 the sensation of all of his internal organs moving about , bumping into each other . 
 he had found a way to counter the effects eventually with two fingers of something strong , usually scotch . 
 it made him really appreciate the artificially produced gravity pushing him into the floor ; everything back neatly in their place . 
 as they wandered through the ship nate spotted a few of the crew members he 'd once known . 
 he 'd served on the ship long enough that he knew most of them by name , after working alongside them . 
 he resisted the urge to try and talk to them . 
 they were n't real after all , and he desperately wanted to get to the reason behind stuart 's importance . 
 it still felt a shame to see the faces he thought he had forgotten , flying past without so much as a how have you been ? 
 it did n't matter that they could n't see him , it somehow felt like he was being rude . 
 when they reached the airlock control room they were swamped by busybodies on their way out . 
 inside only a handful of crew members remained with the rest having exited and sped off down the corridor . 
 whatever purpose they had been brought in for had been fulfilled and they were n't hanging around any longer than was needed . 
 a clear sign that stuart was in charge here , nate knew . 
 the large , sealed airlock doors stood broadly next to the control room . 
 a spinning orange light above warned of it being in use . 
 this was where the inside and out were at their closest . 
 with nothing more than a layer or two of steel and hull plating to keep the two apart . 
 like arguing siblings , the two just did not play well together . 
 because of the dangerous nature of their work , only the most professional people were ever allowed inside this control room . 
 a sudden crackle of static echoed out of the door as it swished open . 
 another crew member exited and purposefully dashed off down the corridor , brushing past nate and l'armin . 
 `` ryan , come in , over , '' a woman said over the speaker system , just about managing to break through the static . 
 nate stood in the doorway and watched as the crew interacted . 
 it felt so natural to him . 
 if it were n't for his companion beside him , he could have sworn he was back there and happily ignored his current predicament . 
 he certainly would n't be second guessing everything he knew about stuart . 
 a man wandered casually over to the control panel and held down a yellow flashing button . 
 `` what 's up now ? 
 over , '' he said jokingly , as his finger lifted back off the button . 
 `` er , we 've got a situation here , '' the woman said . 
 `` there may be some cleaning required when we get back in . 
 over . '' 
 the man turned to one of his companions and rolled his eyes . 
 `` five bucks it 's him again . '' 
 the other man laughed and nodded . 
 `` roger that , '' he continued , speaking through the microphone again . 
 `` please clarify , what exactly needs cleaning ? 
 over . '' 
 `` yeah , nate 's puked in his suit again . 
 he 's managed to clear some of it but visibility is somewhat compromised . 
 over , '' the woman said . 
 nate recognised the voice immediately , it was gemma . 
 `` noted . 
 are you on your way back yet ? 
 over , '' the man -- nate knew was called ryan -- said . 
 `` yes , but i 'm having to guide nate . '' 
 gemma 's voice was followed by a crackle of static as the radio connection intermittently cut out . 
 the man sat down at the control panel and began tapping away at a daunting array of buttons and switches spread out before him . 
 in front of his panel was a large window which ran across the entire length of the room . 
 he peered into the airlock as he ran through the relevant procedures . 
 all while his fingers frantically worked away , almost without his knowledge . 
 on the other side of the glass the lights began to turn on , followed by another orange spinning light and an assortment of beeps and clicks . 
 they revealed the empty airlock with its large outer doors still locked tight . 
 along the walls were rows of benches waiting for the crew to use . 
 `` i do not see stuart , '' l'armin said . 
 `` he 'll be here soon . '' 
 nate watched the man at the control panel still chuckling to himself . 
 `` i really hated that guy . '' 
 for the next few minutes nate and l'armin were left waiting for stuart to arrive . 
 each took a seat and tried their best not to get in the way of the crew that continued to work . 
 after a few minutes the radio sputtered to life and gemma began to speak again , much clearer this time . 
 `` we 're nearing the airlock now , ryan . 
 any chance you could let us in ? 
 over , '' she said . 
 nate laughed to himself . 
 she always had a way of making a sentence sound like a joke , when in fact it was n't . 
 he knew all too well that her any chance you could let us in , really meant let me in now . 
 he could n't count how many times he had been caught out by it during their marriage . 
 the man at the control panel sprang into action and again began to tap away at his switches and buttons . 
 `` pressure reads ... zero . 
 opening airlock doors now . 
 over . '' 
 on the other side of the window the large doors slowly parted to reveal a figure floating outside . 
 his grey and black space suit was bulky and cumbersome , but somehow he managed to ease himself into the airlock in one swift move . 
 once stable and tethered to the inside , he began pulling the strap attached to his colleagues , in a hand over hand motion . 
 the door to the control room suddenly swished open behind nate and l'armin as they watched . 
 everyone quickly turned to see stuart enter . 
 in an instant the mood in the room became noticeably less jovial at his appearance . 
 he walked over to the man at the control panel and stood behind in a supervisory manner . 
 his hands slid slowly into the pockets of his overalls where they nervously twiddled with the contents . 
 each and every movement the man made was assessed by stuart 's watchful eye , making the poor man noticeably uncomfortable . 
 the last of the three floated into the airlock with absolutely no sense of direction , not even which way was up or down . 
 he bumped occasionally into the side of the airlock as gemma did her best to guide him to the floor . 
 nate 's younger self was completely in her hands , something she clearly found hilarious . 
 nate 's memory of this went from amusing , as his helmet had filled with small bubbles of vomit that sometimes splashed onto his skin , to the most disturbingly vivid recollection of a layer of warm liquid slowly moving around inside his helmet . 
 after expelling the liquid from his mouth , it had pooled around the back of his helmet and then gradually started to work its way back around his head . 
 gravity would simply have dragged the mess to the bottom of his helmet . 
 another reason he hated it when it was gone . 
 he certainly had n't seen the funny side of it at the time . 
 the insides of his helmet had turned into a noxious hell that stung his eyes and threatened to drown him in his own vomit . 
 just thinking about it still caused him to gag slightly . 
 he managed to hold it back this time . 
 `` did they complete the repairs ? '' 
 is all stuart said . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll take it from here . '' 
 the man 's eyebrows drooped . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` i said i 'll finish up here . 
 alone . 
 everyone out . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' the man said , flashing a confused look over to his colleagues . 
 the others quickly followed him in leaving their posts and scurrying out the door . 
 they did n't say a word . 
 but their facial expressions showed their concern , with each displaying a sudden loss of composure . 
 as the last person wandered out , the door swished shut again . 
 a conversation erupted outside the door that was dampened by the metal between the rooms . 
 nate jumped out of his chair and nearly followed them . 
 he was instantly at odds with what he saw . 
 plus the conversation outside had him worried . 
 what was going on ? 
 nothing had happened that day , he would remember something if it had , he was sure . 
 he suddenly realised , he 'd said the same earlier . 
 `` closing outer airlock door now , '' stuart said . 
 he watched through the window as the three returning crew finally settled down in the airlock . 
 nate 's double raised his thumbs in acknowledgement . 
 `` no rush , '' he said , which caused gemma to clutch her stomach and silently roll about laughing . 
 stuart 's fingers darted about the control panel . 
 `` pressurising . 
 activating artificial gravity plating ... now . '' 
 the three in the airlock were gradually lowered to the floor . 
 in one of the corners a violent -- but inaudible -- rush of white gas exploded into the room as the vacuum was filled . 
 after a few seconds it was followed by a hissing noise that gradually grew in intensity and volume . 
 it did n't take long to equalise the pressure in the room , which the three inside the airlock appeared to appreciate . 
 before nate knew it they were gratefully removing their suits , now much heavier than before thanks to the artificial gravity pulling them down . 
 they had to help each other de-robe , one at a time and starting with the younger , slightly soiled nate . 
 with stuart working away at the control panel nate took the seat next to him . 
 the impressive speed at which he moved about the controls made it hard for nate to keep up . 
 his motion was smooth and his concentration unwavering , despite the comical scene playing out inside the airlock . 
 even though his lack of a sense of humour was legendary , nate was still surprised to see not even an ounce of amusement on stuart 's face . 
 his mind was obviously distracted . 
 he had n't realised stuart had been so tense at the time either . 
 his face appeared to be stuck halfway between a grimace and a frown . 
 something had him worried . 
 this was made all the more obvious by his constant twitching and fiddling with switches and knobs . 
 was he nervous about making a mistake ? 
 nate could n't tell , so for the time being he allowed the scene to continue . 
 l'armin stood behind nate 's chair and placed his arms on its back , reclining it slightly . 
 `` does anything appear out of the ordinary here , nathan ? '' 
 `` nothing so far . 
 although i had n't realised stuart relieved the others in here . 
 i just assumed he 'd stepped in to cover ryan . 
 that happened a lot around here . 
 mainly when someone needed a piss . '' 
 nate 's double had begun the displeasure of removing the rest of his space suit . 
 their voices were muffled by the thick layer of reinforced glass that stood between them , but the laughter was obvious . 
 gemma and the third crew member -- nate remembered being nicknamed bucky for some reason -- were joking as he wiped his face clean . 
 the scene distracted nate . 
 it was n't so much the embarrassment that he watched , but the interactions between himself and gemma . 
 the first flickers of something more , present in both of their eyes , was beginning to take shape . 
 fast forward seven years and a proposal backlit by a supernova , no less , was on the cards . 
 of course nate did n't appreciate the reminder . 
 his own death had put paid to that particular memory now . 
 further recollections only served to exacerbate things . 
 it was n't until he 'd noticed the clicks and taps had stopped , that he saw something was wrong . 
 stuart had frozen suddenly and was now entirely transfixed by one button . 
 nate looked over the controls and felt his heart nearly burst when he saw which one it was . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing ? '' 
 nate shouted at stuart , who heard nothing . 
 stuart 's left arm was back in his pocket and relentlessly rustling the keys inside , like some sort of nervous compulsion . 
 but his right hand was now levitating just above , and dangerously close to , the open airlock button . 
 his hand hung there open and with the palm facing downward , ready to slap the big , red button at an unknown moment of his choosing . 
 he appeared to be considering something terrible , something nate never thought stuart ever could . 
 nate turned to l'armin in a panic . 
 `` he was going to kill the three of us . '' 
 the three in the airlock continued to chat casually as they removed their suits . 
 they were utterly oblivious to the fact that at any moment the airlock doors could open and suck them back out . 
 only this time the vacuum would make light work of stripping their unprotected bodies of any heat and air they had recently accumulated . 
 without thinking nate made a grab for stuart 's hand and attempted to move it away . 
 `` you can not change this nathan . 
 it has already occurred , '' l'armin said in vain . 
 however much nate tried he just could n't prevent stuart 's hand from moving ever closer to the kill-switch . 
 he clenched his teeth so tight he was sure they would crack . 
 still he struggled , regardless of how little he could really do . 
 he could n't just sit and let it play out , even though the effort was making him sweat profusely . 
 an unwanted element of moisture that was quickly loosening his grip on stuart 's cement like muscles . 
 `` but the killer changed things before , '' nate said , refusing to be rational . 
 they remained locked in place , until they were suddenly disturbed by a click , followed by gemma 's voice over the internal comm . 
 thank god , he thought . 
 but her question did n't suggest any notion of threat or awareness of their possible demise . 
 `` can you tell this jackass , it 's his round tonight ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` he seems to think he can charm his way out of it . '' 
 stuart did n't reply . 
 his hand stayed in position , with barely enough space for a hair to pass between it and the button . 
 nate could only watch it move closer as his own strength had dwindled . 
 he was unable to do a thing about it . 
 the ring beings certainly wanted him to see this . 
 `` yo , stuart ? '' 
 gemma said . 
 she stood at the communications panel next the internal doors , just out of sight of stuart . 
 when she was fed up with being ignored she then took to banging her fist against the glass . 
 she leaned over to see through the window . 
 stuart suddenly snapped back to life . 
 he was startled by gemma 's interruption , brought back from some awful pipe dream . 
 `` sorry . 
 what ? '' 
 he said . 
 realising his mistake he quickly fumbled for his microphone 's transmit button . 
 `` yes , er , what 's up ? '' 
 `` you ok ? 
 you look worse than nate , '' gemma said . 
 `` i heard that , '' nate 's double shouted in the background . 
 stuart regained his usual stern demeanour before replying . 
 `` yes fine thank you . 
 i 'll open the inner airlock door and you can all go get yourselves something to eat . 
 you must be famished . '' 
 their lives had been spared by what nate saw as nothing more than a cowardly loss of nerve . 
 a vicious and vile hatred had boiled up , only to be gone again in a flash . 
 almost as if he had sweat it out . 
 it would explain how his boiler suit had become so damp so quickly , it had managed to seep right through . 
 what nate had been forced to witness had lead him to two possible conclusions : stuart had either lost his mind , or his bottle ? 
 regardless of the reason , the world had quickly returned to its default state . 
 it was only a matter of time before it broke again . 
 and then it hit nate . 
 he was unable to deny it any longer . 
 stuart left the control room in a flustered state with patches of sweat discolouring his otherwise pristine overalls . 
 either fear , or guilt , or even perhaps the thrill of his undeniable power over life , in the moment he was deciding to wipe it out , had made his skin damp . 
 the air felt good as a light breeze was sent nate 's way by the sudden swoosh of the door . 
 the relief was only fleeting , once more replaced with the stifling heat that his sudden exertion had caused . 
 l'armin rested his hand on his friends shoulder , imparting yet more heat to aching joints . 
 `` this is not yet finished nathan , '' he said , firmly squeezing the shoulder muscles underneath . 
 nate fixed his sight solely on his counterpart , still sat trying to pry his oversized boots from his feet . 
 he envied the ignorance of his double , a sentiment he afforded in more ways than one . 
 something inside him yearned to be back there , to be in charge of himself and no-one else . 
 certainly not the thousands of people that looked to him for guidance . 
 as the three left the airlock , nate noticed how gemma glanced repeatedly at the younger him . 
 there was once love there , he saw . 
 in a way it alleviated some of the rawness that was instilled in him after their marriage had failed . 
 it did little to take him away from stuart 's obvious desire to see him dead , however . 
 there was nothing , in his mind , that could ever reduce the anger that was forming in his stomach over that . 
 `` nathan ? '' 
 l'armin had taken to shaking nate 's arm as he spoke . 
 `` there is still more to see . '' 
 `` you 're right , sorry . '' 
 `` i suggest we follow stuart again . 
 he may yet lead us to the killer . 
 his past actions have alerted the beings of an involvement in this . '' 
 nate mustered the effort to move and set a brisk pace toward the door . 
 he knew he was in too deep to give up now , he had to follow it through once and for all . 
 this time when the door swished open automatically , he was bathed once more by an overwhelming light . 
 he was becoming so used to this sensation that he 'd already closed his eyes as he 'd stepped through . 
 it was anyone 's guess where they would end up this time . 
 chapter 9 glasses chimed , voices stirred and the undeniable aroma of corporate people hit nate as he entered the next realm : a pungent smell of aftershave , perfume and mouthwash , all mixed together . 
 it was a recent memory , still easily accessed , and one that his sense of smell remembered well . 
 instantly he knew where and when he was , and knew exactly what to expect . 
 a vast and open hall with a high ceiling , two storeys or so above , appeared in front of him . 
 strip lights hung from metal support beams way above , while the floor was blackened by the many shadows cast by an uncomfortably dense crowd . 
 nate had to shove a woman out of his way just to find enough space to confer with his companion . 
 he managed to find a place by a display cabinet with a small scale model of a competitors drilling rig inside . 
 `` ok , now this i remember well , '' nate said . 
 he held l'armin 's upper arm to keep him close . 
 `` this was the big mining convention on earth , only about six months ago . '' 
 `` it is not a coincidence , nathan . 
 the beings intend for you to learn something important . 
 can you recall where you should be ? '' 
 nate stood on his toes , stretching the arches of his feet as far as he could , just to see above the crowd . 
 the height he gained was barely enough to be considered an advantage , but something did catch his eye . 
 he lowered back down and turned to l'armin . 
 `` come on , this way , '' he said . 
 they pushed their way through the shifting crowds and made a beeline for a makeshift bar to the side of the hall . 
 he cut in where other 's slowed , elbowed indiscriminate people out of his way and tried his best not to become boxed in by suddenly forming groups . 
 the closer he got to the rudimentary bar -- just a set of raised tables serving drinks -- the better he could see who it was he 'd spotted . 
 from a distance the man had a clean cut appearance , similar to what he was like now . 
 up close , however , it was clear he was anything but , with two days old stubble and greasy skin that darkened his complexion . 
 more importantly his clothes carried the distinct aroma of alcohol . 
 either he had spilt his drink or the fumes had soaked in over time . 
 for whatever reason , he stank of booze and those nearby were fully aware . 
 he stood at the bar and ordered a drink . 
 nate hoped it would be an orange or a water . 
 `` vodka , straight , '' cameron snapped at the smiling , twenty something girl tending bar . 
 she wore a loosely buttoned shirt and a waistcoat that clung tightly to her busty figure . 
 an enticing trap , nate thought , typical for a corporate gathering full of middle aged men . 
 cameron on the other hand had n't even noticed the woman . 
 she was simply a drinks dispenser to him . 
 a heavy emotional weight appeared to be pressing down on him from all sides and nothing was distracting him from it . 
 whatever it was , it had caused him to slowly sink into himself . 
 he was resorting to alcohol to pick himself up again . 
 `` he looks like shit , '' nate said . 
 the girl delivered cameron 's drink , though with much less of a smile this time . 
 he immediately poured it down his throat , giving the liquid barely enough time to touch his lips as it travelled from glass to mouth . 
 as soon as it slid past his tongue , his back straightened suddenly before it once again returned to its default slumped position . 
 for a tiny moment nate could see the weight had been lifted . 
 although the forlorn expression that remained on cameron 's face , suggested it would require much more than one drink to release him from whatever troubled him . 
 the woman tending bar watched as cameron made the contents of his glass magically vanish . 
 her smile had now completely disappeared , along with the vodka . 
 she did n't look away until someone more cheerful appeared behind , waiting to be served . 
 `` what can i get you , sir , '' she said . 
 her smile reappeared like a sunbeam through dark clouds . 
 nate barely had time to turn and see who she was talking to , before the man replied . 
 `` whatever he 's having , '' a familiar voice said . 
 when he saw stuart suddenly standing in front of him , he felt an urge to lash out . 
 he wanted to grab him and not let go , or land one well-placed punch right in the centre of his bulbous gut , anything to get the anger out . 
 but stuart was n't glaring at him . 
 his eyes were instead burning a hole into cameron and threatening to set the air between them alight . 
 he was in a foul looking mood too , without so much as a hint of a smile on his face . 
 the cause was obvious . 
 nate had to clench his fists , somehow managing to keep them by his side . 
 his nails dug deep into his palms as he watched the two . 
 `` what the fuck is your problem ? '' 
 stuart said . 
 at first nate was sure the question had been aimed at him . 
 in an instant his emotions had gone from immense rage to complete confusion . 
 `` how can you ... '' he began to say before he was cut short . 
 `` it 's only the one , sir , i promise , '' cameron said . 
 stuart placed one hand on the back of cameron 's neck and the other on the newly placed glass of vodka the barmaid had set down for him . 
 but he did n't lean in to speak to cameron in a discreet manner , as expected . 
 to make it clear who was in charge to those around , he spoke loud enough for them to hear . 
 `` i do n't give a flying frig how many , mister . 
 you 're on duty . 
 that means no drinking . 
 you got that ? '' 
 he took the drink in one loud gulp and returned the glass heavily to the table . 
 cameron pushed his own glass away , leaving one last sliver of a mouthful behind . 
 he brushed himself down and reorganised his tie , head down like a naughty schoolboy , as stuart continued to scold him . 
 `` all you 're here to do is watch , that 's it . 
 and i find you hitting the sauce instead . 
 i swear this is your last fucking chance cameron . 
 get your shit together right now . '' 
 `` yessir , '' cameron said . 
 he tucked in a loose bit of shirt in one final attempt at looking dressed . 
 `` i wo n't do it again , sir , i promise . 
 i 've just had a lot on my mind , what with the missus ' health bills and all . '' 
 `` not my problem , '' stuart replied without an ounce of sympathy . 
 he waved the barmaid over and pointed to his empty glass , completely unaware of the hypocrisy . 
 she smiled and was soon pouring out another drink , before moving on once more . 
 with his glass again in hand and full of a swirling clear liquid , he spun around to watch others rubbing shoulders nearby . 
 cameron 's whole body had slumped further than before with the added strain from stuart 's attack . 
 it was clear he just wanted to finish the last few drops of his drink , but his hand fell short as the shaking started each time . 
 to stop it he gripped his hand with the other , only to discover it was trembling just as badly . 
 had nate known any of this , he was certain he would have been less quick to judge . 
 everyone had written cameron off as a useless drunk , and he had accepted it without a thought of why . 
 it could n't change how he saw cameron now , after what had happened . 
 he saw nothing else but the man who 'd stepped up when the need had arisen . 
 if anything he had performed better than anyone had given him credit for . 
 much better than stuart had expected , at least . 
 `` wait , '' nate said suddenly . 
 `` why was cameron chosen for this trip ? '' 
 l'armin appeared behind the bar table , clearly misunderstanding its significance . 
 he moved aside as the young barmaid rushed past with a tray . 
 `` i do not follow your thought , nathan . '' 
 `` if cameron was so unreliable six months ago , i 'm pretty certain stuart would have kicked him to the kerb . 
 and if i know one thing for sure it 's that he does n't stand failure . 
 so why choose him ? 
 why not someone more reliable ? '' 
 `` you assume stuart had always intended on putting cameron in harm 's way , along with you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 suddenly things were falling into place . 
 `` was cameron picked because stuart expected him to fail ? 
 maybe even to frame him ? 
 i do n't know . 
 is that what the ring beings are trying to tell me ? '' 
 l'armin took a glass from the table and gave it a sniff , immediately pulling it away afterwards . 
 `` i understand . 
 perhaps it is , '' he said , before moving on to the next abandoned glass and repeating his investigation . 
 the barmaid stopped and poured out a third drink for stuart , which garnered a creepy wink from him . 
 a curious l'armin watched the exchange at an uncomfortably close distance like an unwelcome bystander on a news broadcast . 
 again stuart swallowed his drink in one greedy mouthful and then hammered the glass back onto the table . 
 each time he did so it sent a clear message to cameron : do as i say , not as i do . 
 the noise also startled cameron , causing his back to straighten forcefully . 
 the motion brought a grimace to his face that nate felt himself mimic unintentionally . 
 `` shall i get back to guarding the door , sir ? '' 
 cameron managed to say all too feebly . 
 stuart turned to walk away and as if talking to someone else , he said , `` if it 's not too much to ask . '' 
 he then rudely pushed past cameron . 
 it was a shock for nate to see a new side to both of the people before him . 
 stuart had an evil and angry side that he had never seen before . 
 he was a bully . 
 and as for cameron , somehow helen 's warning did n't quite live up to what he was seeing . 
 the man was slowly imploding under the pressure of his home life . 
 yet a fate worse than that of losing his job appeared to have been on the cards for him ; cards that were drawn from a deck stacked firmly in stuart 's favour . 
 cameron finally found the energy to leave the bar . 
 his eyes were glistening from the booze and stuart 's tactless reprimand as he skulked away , upset and ashamed . 
 nate felt the sudden urge to follow him instead of stuart , before he reminded himself that this was the past . 
 if he could n't help this cameron , he sure as hell could help the man he now knew . 
 after he 'd found his answers , he decided , he would do something about it . 
 but they were so close to the truth that he was sure he could grab them out of the air . 
 `` l'armin , he 's off , '' nate said , but he could n't see his companion anywhere . 
 `` of course , '' l'armin replied . 
 nate turned to find him nose deep in a glass with only a wisp of blue liquid remaining . 
 `` fascinating aroma . '' 
 `` you should try drinking it next time . 
 come on , '' nate said , as he ushered l'armin along . 
 they followed closely behind stuart , who exchanged jovially with those he knew . 
 gone was the red faced rage that had bubbled up earlier , gone was the look of disgust that cameron 's failings had elicited , and most noticeably , gone was the dismissive tone in his voice . 
 it was becoming abundantly clear to nate that the stuart he knew was nothing more than a veil of falsehood , created to conceal the evil underneath . 
 one that always wanted something or sensed an opportunity . 
 the realisation began to worry nate . 
 which one had stuart seen in him ? 
 stuart continued to lead them to the high profile stand of maddox industries . 
 on the way they 'd stuck close to him and had never strayed more than a few feet from his side . 
 he had n't spoken to anyone for long . 
 a number of people had waved or smiled at him , but he had n't stopped to speak with them , choosing instead to talk as he walked away . 
 he was eager to get back to his company 's stand , it seemed . 
 once there nate could see that his stage was noticeably bigger than most of the others there . 
 a large and spherical holographic display hung above , with red lettering spelling out the company 's motto against a vivid blue background : bringing the richness of space to all , it said . 
 what bollocks , nate thought , as he watched the display spin around and start again . 
 all in the flashiest way maddox industries could afford . 
 underneath that was the stage , raised roughly three feet above the ground and littered with a myriad of display cabinets . 
 each of which featured floating models of vessels from the maddox family 's ever increasing fleet . 
 on the large temporary wall at the back , colourful and highly detailed plans of how their mining equipment operated in space , had been hung up for all to see . 
 a cross section of the first and largest maddox mining ship -- the miner 's folly -- was also on display . 
 nate spotted himself pacing the stage , with a small microphone hugging his cheek that tucked neatly around the back of his ear . 
 he nervously addressed those waiting for the maddox industries ' presentation to continue . 
 the speech had stopped abruptly , causing a few to whisper their irritated condemnations a little too loudly . 
 the nate on stage regained his composure and put on his most compelling look of confidence . 
 it was an awkward watch , as nate saw himself quickly falter again . 
 he had never enjoyed such events . 
 not like his father had . 
 this was not an environment in which he flourished . 
 `` sorry . 
 our graviton beams use the output from our highly efficient gravitas propulsion drive . '' 
 he waved his left arm over an image on the wall behind him . 
 unfortunately , he turned to see he had in fact gestured to a large picture of himself that had been stuck up . 
 he quickly swapped his arms and pointed to the correct image to his right . 
 the mistake caused a stifled laugh to break out among the audience . 
 `` we break up the surface of the object , that we want to break up , '' he continued clumsily . 
 a wall of arms shot up at the front of the audience . 
 nate remembered how intimidating this had felt at the time . 
 it had been even harder to decide who should question him next , with each having a particular bone they wanted to pick clean . 
 it was n't enough that they got the answers , they had to break him in the process too . 
 the nate on stage stopped and , eventually , picked a questioner from the front row . 
 `` yes , thanks , '' a grey suited man said . 
 `` what does gravitas mean in this context ? '' 
 an easy question , thankfully . 
 `` it stands for graviton augmentation and stimulation . 
 gravitas , '' nate answered more confidently this time . 
 `` and how does it work ? '' 
 the grey suited man continued . 
 `` well , er , '' nate began . 
 `` it augments and stimulates gravitons . 
 it 's complicated . 
 it , erm ... '' he quickly pulled out a small card from his pocket and began to read it like a child giving a book report to the class . 
 `` it increases the output of gravitons from a source by augmenting its density . 
 this is then excited to a higher energy level before it is expelled , creating thrust or releasing an energy beam . '' 
 the grey suited man immediately set about making notes . 
 his fingers rushed about the glowing display that he wore like an armband . 
 nate knew , even at the time , that the man 's notes almost certainly said nothing of his words and everything of his composure up on stage . 
 still arms were waving for nate 's attention . 
 it seemed that some flesh remained attached to the bone . 
 before continuing with his speech , he addressed another question , hoping it was n't just to test him this time . 
 `` yes , the woman in the red top there . '' 
 nate pointed , ushering over a man with a microphone . 
 `` hi , rita from the interstellar mining journal , '' she said . 
 `` is there any truth to the rumours that a merger between your company and the mine-x group is imminent ? '' 
 nate watched as his doppelgänger lost it again . 
 the woman 's question had come from nowhere and slapped him sideways . 
 he 'd only been in charge for a small amount of time and was still an amateur when it came to representing his family 's company . 
 and they all knew it . 
 as the other nate became hopelessly lost and stood staring mindlessly into the distance , the crowd once again grew restless . 
 when he finally began to speak , his voice had gone up by almost an octave . 
 `` a what ? 
 i have n't heard about that . 
 who told you that ? 
 i mean , i 'd never agree to that . '' 
 the panic was tangible , so obviously causing a conflict between his brain and mouth . 
 `` this is n't what i 'm supposed to talk about . '' 
 the panic was getting to nate all over again as he watched himself so badly fluff the responses . 
 his hands had become clammy and itchy . 
 even though he told himself it was all behind him , he could n't separate himself from it . 
 `` it 's just there 's been a lot of talk about your company 's financial struggles of late . '' 
 rita continued to pile on the pressure . 
 just tell her to shut up or ignore her , nate thought to himself . 
 he was sure that if he 'd had the courage to do this at the time , he would have avoided the headlines the next day . 
 they had savagely portrayed him as a weak leader , who lacked the temperament required to succeed in such a cut-throat business . 
 it had taken him weeks to recover from that . 
 now his rule was with an iron fist , just like his father 's had been . 
 `` you appear to be disappointing these people , '' l'armin said . 
 he could see his friend was right , yet however much it may have temporarily tarnished the company 's image , he could n't see the relevance . 
 after a few seconds of watching people wander away from the stage , he had to ask a question he feared he already knew the answer to . 
 `` is this why stuart wants me dead ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` because i 'm not as confident a leader as my father ? '' 
 `` i would suggest it is possible , nathan . 
 this stuart is a troubling character . '' 
 l'armin began to study stuart , who stood next to them . 
 he 'd caught something and was intent on investigating further . 
 he lent his head in close to stuart 's chest . 
 nate was sure it was nothing important , until he too saw what l'armin had spotted . 
 stuart had begun to fidget relentlessly on the spot , like an itch that his entire body felt . 
 he watched with both eyes locked firmly on the nate standing on stage . 
 there were no signs of anger on his face like before . 
 but something else . 
 his mouth threatened to break into a smile , possibly even allowing a chuckle through . 
 whatever thoughts had rattled around stuart 's head , they were ruining his cold and calculated appearance , making him look skittish and excited . 
 before the other nate could find a reply , a friendly face entered the stage from the left side and took to settling the issue . 
 `` there are no such plans , thank you , '' helen said , with a stern look shot straight at rita from interstellar whatever . 
 `` now please hold all questions until the presentation is over . 
 mr maddox , would you like to continue ? '' 
 nate caught the look his double sent to his saviour as a thanks . 
 her blue eyes met those of his double and replied with a wink . 
 he remembered this moment well . 
 it was one of the times he had seen more to helen than just a colleague and a friend . 
 she stayed on stage to deter any more would-be character assassins , while he returned to his pre-written and partially memorised speech . 
 slowly the arms of the crowd diminished until only one stubborn limb remained . 
 regardless of how determined rita had remained to get an answer from him , with helen as his protector she had n't got one . 
 a low level ringing began emanating from stuarts inside suit pocket . 
 it was accompanied by a red flashing light that glowed against his shirt , nate saw . 
 he removed a small , transparent , screen from the pocket and tapped it lightly . 
 nate lent over and made out part of the message stuart had received . 
 someone had requested a meeting , but he could n't make out any more of the text . 
 it was evidently urgent as stuart took no time at all to quickly shuffle away . 
 nate tugged at l'armin 's oversized and baggy sleeve . 
 he followed , but reluctantly as the speech appeared to interest -- or disturb -- him greatly . 
 nate was n't quite sure which . 
 once again l'armin had begun to mumble under his breath as though he were having a conversation with himself . 
 nate regretted ever showing him his business . 
 `` you appear to destroy for money nathan , '' l'armin said after he had concluded his discussion . 
 nate stopped , surprised by the tone of the question . 
 `` well , i would n't say destroy . 
 we mine . '' 
 l'armin 's face scrunched up as he appeared to not understand , or not like what he heard . 
 `` we unlock the raw materials locked up in space rocks , asteroids , or comets and sell them to those who need it , '' nate continued , as he slowly set off in pursuit of stuart . 
 `` i see , '' l'armin said , with a hint of disapproval in his voice . 
 `` a somewhat messy activity , i sense . '' 
 they again followed stuart . 
 the sound from the maddox industries stage began to merge with similar presentations by the competition , all there to show off their services to potential new clients . 
 including , nate saw , the mine-x company that had been mentioned in rumours of a merger , now spreading across the industry like an infectious disease . 
 their stage appeared to rival his own in both size and popularity . 
 past most of the noise were large groups sat around circular tables . 
 these served as the bases for the visiting parties . 
 some of the tables were also taken up by journalists with their portable workstations and coffee fetching underlings -- all rita 's in the making . 
 while others had been reserved by smaller companies too small to afford a large stage of their own . 
 stuart , however , was n't the remotest bit interested in any of this . 
 he was heading to a small room at the back of the large exhibition hall . 
 inside nate could see a pair of heavy set men guarding the door . 
 he found it strange that no-one noticed or seemed to be paying the slightest bit of attention to this unusual set up . 
 certainly he had n't seen it on the day . 
 `` i 'm here to see your boss , '' stuart said to one of the guards . 
 he puffed out his chest the best he could to show his authority . 
 nate held back a laugh at stuart 's pointless gesture . 
 more of an over-zealous show of power than anything else . 
 nonetheless , one of the bulky men turned and walked away . 
 he approached an elderly gentleman sat eating on his own at a table set aside , apparently just for him . 
 `` i know that man , '' nate said . 
 l'armin was standing on his tip-toes again , just to see over stuart 's shoulder . 
 `` why do you suppose stuart is meeting this man in such a relatively private place ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` good question . '' 
 the doorman lent down to the ear height of the elderly man and spoke softly -- too softly for nate to hear . 
 he then pointed over to stuart . 
 the elderly man looked up and after a few seconds considering stuart 's all too aggressive posture , he waved him over . 
 his visit had been granted . 
 `` i must admit , i 'm surprised to see you again , '' the old man said . 
 stuart took a seat at the other end of the table with nate and l'armin sat either side , like his very own entourage . 
 `` let 's cut the crap and get down to it shall we ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` watch your tone . 
 and please do n't confuse my kindness with weakness stuart . 
 i 'm used to pissing in much bigger pools than you are , remember ? '' 
 the old man raised a glass to his mouth and sipped slowly . 
 the clear liquid inside sparkled as a ray of light passed through it . 
 the effect matched his silvery , slicked back hair that shone under the hanging table light , like a glistening patch of icy snow . 
 it was obvious stuart had found the old man 's remark offensive as his chest heaved , his heart seemingly banging against his ribs and trying to escape . 
 `` i 'll be a much bigger fish if your deal is still on the table . '' 
 the old man brought a cloth up from his lap and wiped it delicately across his thin lips . 
 his eyes fixed onto stuart 's as a clear test of his composure . 
 nate felt a shiver race down his spine , he was sure the old man 's glare could cut right through him . 
 `` that was a one-time offer stuart , '' the old man finally said . 
 `` and if i remember right you spat it back in my face . 
 may i ask what 's changed ? '' 
 `` look , i have my reasons . 
 but this is strictly business so they are n't relevant . '' 
 the old man threw his cloth onto the table . 
 it landed in his half empty bowl of fish soup , spilling some onto the table cloth . 
 `` not relevant . 
 do n't be so naive stuart . 
 everything is relevant in this game . 
 i 'm not backing a horse without knowing its odds first . 
 if we do this i need to know what you have against nathan maddox . '' 
 nate nearly choked at the mention of his name . 
 this was the concrete answer he had been looking for , but had tried so hard to deny . 
 he watched with baited breath . 
 stuart 's face had reddened and he was allowing his hands to crease the table cloth . 
 whether or not he intended to was debatable . 
 although something strong was definitely peeking out of his normally distant expression . 
 a tic , or a twitch , something nate could see was being held back . 
 `` i ... i do n't have anything ... '' but stuart just could n't find the words . 
 nate had never seen him so dumbfounded . 
 `` come now stuart , this will finish him for good . 
 i can not believe it is simply for business sake . '' 
 `` listen , '' stuart began , less forceful than before . 
 `` i 've worked for his dad since the company started . 
 and now the old man 's gone , i 'm expected to sit back and watch as his inept , shit of a son tears it apart ? 
 i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` son-of-a-bitch , '' nate said . 
 stuart reached for a jug of water in the centre of the table and poured himself a glass . 
 with a noticeable shake that betrayed his increasing anguish . 
 `` i wo n't do that , '' he added . 
 `` jealousy is a useful emotion in this business stuart , highly underrated , '' the old man said . 
 with one click of his fingers , he was handed a dark brown folder . 
 he opened it by painstakingly unwinding a small length of string that had been wrapped around a brass fastener , sealing it tight . 
 after a short rummage inside , he found the page he needed and scanned it . 
 once satisfied he slid it and the folder across the table , making a scraping noise as his bejewelled hand rubbed against the cloth . 
 `` i trust the arrangement would be the same as before ? '' 
 he said while rearranging the rings on his fingers . 
 `` exactly , '' stuart replied , between sloppy sips of water . 
 `` and you understand , for this to succeed , nathan maddox must be completely removed from the equation ? '' 
 this is it , nate thought as stuart picked up the folder and began to peruse it . 
 the next sentence would seal it for him . 
 stuart 's treachery was about to be revealed and his depraved accomplices along with it . 
 `` he 'll be removed completely and permanently , i assure you . 
 i have something already in the works . 
 nathan 's due a break in a few months time and i have my best person on the job . '' 
 the end of stuart 's sentence had nate worried . 
 `` spare me the details stuart . 
 once he 's out of the way and you convince the board to give you his job , you will announce the merger . 
 i want to see both names on one sign before mine is on a tombstone . '' 
 `` that 's what he wants ? 
 a fucking merger , after i refused ? '' 
 nate said . 
 l'armin was surprised by the increase in volume of nate 's voice and lent away in his chair , with a look of concern across his face . 
 `` when it 's done i 'll have the money sent to an account in your name , '' the old man continued . 
 `` until then there is to be no contact between us . 
 do you understand ? 
 none . '' 
 stuart broke away from the folder and nodded in compliance . 
 he extended his hand to shake the old man 's , but his gesture was ignored , or not wanted . 
 nate assumed the latter was more likely . 
 `` you appear to have disturbed stuart 's plans on many occasions , nathan . '' 
 `` i see that now l'armin . 
 if i had n't returned to work for my dad , he would have been the obvious successor . 
 he 's just too much of a coward to get rid of me himself , '' nate said . 
 the old man lit a large cigar and began puffing away , clearly enjoying the tangible exhalations . 
 he swung his chair away from stuart and paid no attention to his guest 's departure . 
 there was no respect between them , only an ever expanding grey fog from the old man 's decadently oversized cigar . 
 `` so he hired some scum-bag to kill me . 
 just so he could take over the company ? '' 
 nate said . 
 l'armin nodded , but watched as stuart wandered past the two doormen . 
 they stood with their arms tightly crossed , looking as formidable as ever . 
 their presence was enough to shoo stuart away like an annoying gnat . 
 `` but the guy screwed it up , '' nate continued . 
 `` he wo n't let me leave this place if he knows , will he ? 
 so how do we find him ? 
 none of this answers that . 
 i 'm still sitting here with a target drawn across my face . '' 
 l'armin stood and made his way to the door to see into the main hall . 
 `` i fear the answers are still with stuart , '' he said , with his back to nate . 
 `` how ? 
 i thought you said this is all from my memory ? 
 i saw stuart only a handful of times after this , predominantly in meetings . 
 there 's nothing left in here ... '' nate pressed a finger against his temple . 
 `` we could continue to watch stuart 's movements . 
 yes , i know but . '' 
 l'armin stopped halfway through his own sentence , to nate 's surprise . 
 `` l'armin . 
 you 're not hearing me . 
 i have nothing . 
 in fact i 'm not sure i had this much to begin with . 
 how can we follow him ? '' 
 the smoke the old man sent around the room began to dry nate 's throat and sting his eyes , causing them to well up slightly . 
 he left the table and stood next to l'armin to get away from it . 
 he welcomed the air from the main hall as they bordered the two rooms . 
 it was n't perfect but the breaths were scraping less at the back of his mouth now . 
 he could think more clearly without the constant battering of warm , particulate air . 
 when he turned to l'armin he saw that he had closed his eyes and was no longer watching stuart . 
 `` i am positive we will find him soon . 
 a little more time is all we need , '' l'armin said . 
 `` i am positive , '' he repeated . 
 something about the way he spoke felt strange to nate . 
 it was similar to how he had mumbled to himself earlier , except now nate could hear his words clearly . 
 `` hey . 
 what 's going on l'armin ? 
 what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 l'armin ignored the question , choosing instead to continue mumbling as he wandered off . 
 the regular chats he was having with himself was beginning to grind nate 's patience to dust . 
 nate followed , but he was becoming increasingly impatient with his usually coherent companion . 
 he was able to hear the conversation through the crowds , though what he heard was making no sense at all to him . 
 who was answering back ? 
 `` can we stop for a second ? '' 
 nate asked , but again he was n't acknowledged . 
 `` we must continue . 
 we must search further . 
 no . 
 i will , but not yet . 
 i can help him further . 
 just let me explain . '' 
 nate had had enough . 
 he pulled l'armin around by the arm . 
 `` hey , '' he shouted . 
 once facing each other l'armin 's distant expression disappeared , replaced with one of surprise . 
 `` please nathan . 
 we must ... '' `` what 's going on ? 
 who are you talking to ? 
 is it these ring beings ? '' 
 l'armin wiggled out of nate 's grip and looked around sporadically . 
 his eyes went everywhere but never met nate 's . 
 if anything he was actively trying not to look at him . 
 he was becoming more and more distraught the further away stuart was getting . 
 he appeared to be contemplating something important , nate had heard that much . 
 but he hesitated to share what . 
 what was clear was the need l'armin had to stay close to stuart . 
 `` l'armin , please . 
 this is my life we 're talking about . 
 if you know something -- '' `` i can not , '' l'armin snapped , as he again shifted his gaze . 
 `` they wo n't allow it . '' 
 nate could feel a sense of panic run up from his stomach and to his head . 
 it was getting hot all of a sudden and those around him were much too close . 
 had he blindly put his faith in l'armin ? 
 was any of what he saw even true ? 
 he watched helplessly as his guide appeared to fall apart in front of him . 
 he wished there was something , anything , he could do to bring his friend , his pillar of strength , back to him again . 
 `` l'armin ? '' 
 he said . 
 somehow the crowd around them were even louder than before . 
 he raised his voice once more just to overcome their incessant talking . 
 `` talk to me . 
 who wo n't allow it ? '' 
 finally l'armin was back . 
 he turned , revealing a tear resting in the corner of his right eye that nate had n't noticed before . 
 it sparkled as it dithered , not quite ready to drop . 
 the tear captured nate and would n't let him go . 
 like seeing a loved one cry for the first time , it took him aback . 
 he had n't considered whether l'armin 's species were even able to cry . 
 the voices again became louder . 
 `` there is more that you do not know , '' l'armin began . 
 `` much you do not understand . '' 
 nate was frozen in place . 
 his head still felt uncomfortably hot . 
 if only he could hush the voices around them . 
 `` my words can not leave this place , nathan . 
 we see good in you . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 did any of this happen ? '' 
 l'armin reached out his hand and placed it on nate 's arm as a gesture of reassurance . 
 `` it did happen . 
 but i have shown you more than i should have . '' 
 `` you ? 
 what are you saying l'armin ? 
 why is everything getting so damn loud in here ? '' 
 he did not answer . 
 instead he stumbled away , again heading in the direction stuart had taken . 
 nate stayed in place , more confused than ever . 
 he had no idea whether he needed to follow l'armin or keep away , giving him some space to console himself . 
 standing uneasily and still surrounded by strangers , all far louder than they should be , nate felt his ears begin to hurt . 
 the never ending chatter had become far too loud for him to think clearly . 
 it continued to build until the words began to merge and form only noises , echoing around him like a whirlwind of sound . 
 after a few seconds , he could n't take it anymore , it had to stop . 
 he raised his hands to his ears to block it out , but they did nothing to stop it . 
 the noise was in his head as well , it had become inescapable . 
 `` l'armin , '' he shouted in pain . 
 up ahead he could see l'armin standing deadly still with his eyes shut and his mouth moving quickly . 
 he was speaking to someone unseen again . 
 for reasons nate could n't understand , his body was stuck in place . 
 the sound was now so loud and the vibrations so strong , that his sight began to shake like a pounding bass was running through his skull . 
 he dropped to his knees and grasped his ears tightly . 
 it was all he could do to reduce the intense pain . 
 with his eyes shut his world soon descended into a chaotic choir of hundreds of disembodied voices , all speaking at once . 
 `` stop , please , '' nate screamed . 
 but by now the sounds were even managing to drown out his own voice . 
 he slapped his head to try and clear the noises . 
 nothing was able to disrupt them , as they invaded his once peaceful mind . 
 with the voices smashing into each other he soon felt his head throb . 
 still the noise continued to increase uncontrollably , like a crescendo of voices . 
 it threatened to split his head in two . 
 until something suddenly cut through it all , bringing the world to near silence . 
 `` nathan , '' a distant voice said , just about loud enough for him to hear . 
 in an instant the noise of the crowd around him had stopped , only a high pitched ringing remained . 
 the room had fallen a deathly quiet with everyone inside left rooted in place . 
 finally the voices were gone . 
 `` nathan . 
 you are unharmed , '' l'armin said . 
 nate could hear him , but was reluctant to remove his hands in case the noise returned . 
 he was surprised to hear how calm l'armin had become in such a short amount of time . 
 had he even heard the noises ? 
 `` i am sorry , nathan . 
 i should not have left you like that . 
 your mind was not prepared to take the strain of this place . '' 
 when nate opened his eyes and saw the still faces around him , he was completely and utterly lost for words . 
 some were stuck halfway between expressions , while others balanced on one leg after being frozen mid stride . 
 all of them idly stared like waxwork models . 
 somehow the world had been stopped dead in its tracks . 
 immediately after this the pressure in nate 's head was gone . 
 he remained in place and forced a rhythm into his breathing -- in through the nose , out through the mouth , then repeat , he thought . 
 slowly he was returning to a much calmer state . 
 he continued the same process until he could feel his pulse begin to ease . 
 `` please forgive our dishonesty , '' l'armin said . 
 `` it was a necessary deception . '' 
 `` you can control the beings , ca n't you ? '' 
 nate said through a nervous flutter in his voice . 
 he lent back on his legs and peered up to his friend . 
 the light above forced his eyes to wince . 
 `` that 's who you 've been talking to is n't it ? '' 
 l'armin carefully pulled nate to his feet . 
 `` no nathan , '' he said , steadying his companion . 
 `` there are no beings . '' 
 chapter 10 seconds after returning to his feet , nate was again unbalanced and found himself stepping backward into one of the unmoving figures . 
 he bashed into a woman 's elbow , which stuck in his spine and caused him to flinch . 
 the world around him may have frozen , but what he had just heard was far more shocking . 
 inevitably , his bruised back was pushed to the bottom of his list of concerns . 
 `` what ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 who were you talking to if not the ring beings ? '' 
 he said . 
 the sudden realisation that the beings were fake had shattered his preconceptions into billions of tiny pieces . 
 he tried to keep his breaths as regular as possible while he dealt with this new piece of information . 
 if they did n't exist , then who was responsible for the re-creations ? 
 `` my people , '' l'armin began , `` have been in contact since the attempt on your life . 
 they agreed that i should help you . 
 but we are able to do more . '' 
 nate rubbed his fingers against his temples in a circular motion . 
 creases of skin formed like bow waves at the tips of his fingers , before they were smoothed out again . 
 the massage did little to dissipate the heat in his head , but he continued regardless . 
 `` this is crazy . 
 how is all of this possible , then ? '' 
 nate waved his left arm around the room . 
 he continued to caress his temple with the other . 
 `` it is my race . 
 we , and not the beings , are responsible for creating this from your memories , nathan . 
 you and i are connected . 
 more deeply than we usually allow . '' 
 `` so , can you read my mind ? '' 
 nate said , with a worried tone to his voice . 
 `` i can not hear your inner voice , no . 
 i can , however , see fragments of your past . 
 and , as you have seen , we can experience them again . '' 
 `` but there 's things here i 'm sure i 'd forgotten . 
 and what about the meeting we just saw ? 
 i did n't witness that . 
 i 'm over by the stage , still giving my speech . 
 explain that . '' 
 `` we are able to see more . 
 this can be considered a second viewing . 
 or a repeat of time , if you will , '' l'armin said . 
 `` as long as the event happened within this bubble of time , we can see it . 
 venture too far away from your other selves and the memory will collapse . 
 this is what nearly happened a moment ago . '' 
 `` the noises , '' nate said , excitedly . 
 finally he could understand something . 
 `` indeed . 
 the discussion to help you further had intensified , and i had become distracted . 
 our connection was nearly broken , leaving you alone with the burden . 
 your mind could not cope . 
 i am truly sorry , '' l'armin said , while bowing . 
 `` my head felt like it was about to explode . 
 but i do n't understand why you hid all of this ? '' 
 `` you must understand , we do so for our own safety . '' 
 l'armin turned away as he spoke , leaving only the left side of his face still visible . 
 `` many generations ago we came here to escape enslavement . 
 my people were abused and threatened because of this ability . 
 it can not happen again . '' 
 nate watched as a small tear formed and trickled down l'armin 's face . 
 it followed the path left by an earlier drop , hesitating at the peak of each wrinkle it surmounted . 
 eventually , it nestled just above his lip , precariously close to falling to the floor . 
 a tear from the other side slowly followed and ran down to join it . 
 there the engorged tear hung on for dear life . 
 `` so what 's with the festival and these ring beings ? 
 why make all of that up ? '' 
 l'armin turned back and smiled . 
 `` we can share our gift without revealing it . '' 
 `` a cover story ? 
 clever , if not a bit over the top . '' 
 `` we do like a spectacle . '' 
 l'armin let out a breath followed by the faintest whiff of a chuckle . 
 `` we have learnt to appreciate our gift through sharing in this way . '' 
 he wiped the tear away . 
 `` and this ? '' 
 nate pushed against one of the frozen bodies standing next to him . 
 the material of the man 's shirt was soft and his skin , underneath , as fleshy as it should be . 
 he removed his finger and found that everything bounced back as usual too . 
 the man was there , but the lights were well and truly out . 
 `` i may have the ability , nathan , but you are guiding our steps . 
 we were linked the moment we entered the rift together . '' 
 `` but you 're able to control it ? '' 
 nate said , as he nervously studied the crowd . 
 `` to some degree , yes . 
 i can stop it , as you can see . '' 
 nate turned suddenly to face l'armin . 
 `` so why did n't you stop it when that guy tried to kill me ? '' 
 `` he was real , nathan . 
 i can only do certain things in here . '' 
 `` ca n't you re-create it like you did these places then ? 
 we could find the killer -- '' `` i can not , '' l'armin interrupted . 
 `` memories can only be re-created once . 
 they are too unstable after that . 
 memories , new and old become permanently intertwined . 
 the mind can not survive such a thing . '' 
 `` is this where it ends , then , with stuart ? 
 we still have n't found the assassin . '' 
 `` no , nathan , it is not . 
 i have shown you things you had not seen before . 
 the ability allows us to see things that happened within the proximity of the memory holder . 
 this is why we were able to hear stuart 's conversation in that room . '' 
 he pointed back to the smoke filled room , only now the cloud appeared solid above the old man 's head . 
 `` well , where do we go from here ? '' 
 l'armin turned and slowly shuffled away . 
 `` come , '' he said . 
 nate followed closely behind , weaving in and out of frozen bodies . 
 his progress was slower than l'armin 's , who was able to manoeuvre through them much quicker due to his lesser height . 
 he now appeared a changed man and one as determined and enthusiastic as ever . 
 the pressure of keeping his race 's abilities a secret no longer held him back . 
 they made their way through the crowd until l'armin stopped abruptly . 
 nate was struggling to keep up and nearly did n't see . 
 when he did he felt a brief moment of dizziness nearly overwhelm his balance as he was forced to halt on the spot . 
 his head was still full of static and fuzz from before . 
 he steadied himself against another unknown figure . 
 they were proving handy . 
 `` this is where we go next , '' l'armin said , pointing to one of the frozen people . 
 he had a broad smile across his face that surprised nate . 
 the man he pointed at was the unmoving statue of stuart . 
 nate could see he 'd been paused while walking , with one foot left hovering above the squeaky floor . 
 he found it hard to resist shoving him to the ground like a school bully and demanding he hand over his lunch money . 
 `` how can we get more from stuart ? '' 
 he said . 
 l'armin shook his head . 
 `` i do not mean stuart . '' 
 he waved his hand over the dark brown folder still in stuart 's hand . 
 `` this will lead us to his accomplices . '' 
 finally nate was starting to understand just how much l'armin had been holding back . 
 all the time he thought he 'd had some kind of mental link to the ring beings , he had in fact been connected to the man right next to him . 
 l'armin had made all of this possible , not a group of ethereal beings living in space dust . 
 he watched as l'armin placed his hands together and closed his eyes . 
 gradually the people around them became animated once more . 
 like a video being sped up , their movements appeared to wind up , until they were moving at normal speed again . 
 nate was amazed by the spectacle and nearly did n't notice a charging stuart pushing right past him . 
 the automatic response to follow took over both of them . 
 they soon found themselves heading toward the large exit of the hall . 
 stuart was in a hurry to catch up with someone he had spotted heading out . 
 his feet moved much too quickly for his gait to keep up with , making every other step almost a skip . 
 once stuart reached the door , he whistled loudly . 
 when the person ahead did n't turn , he called their name instead . 
 `` helen , '' he shouted . 
 this was nothing out of the ordinary , nate considered . 
 helen was after all stuart 's assistant . 
 but their exchange made his heart sink just a little . 
 `` helen , '' stuart said as he pulled up next to her . 
 the sudden stop caused a build-up of disgruntled people behind , who tried their best to traverse a gap made half as big by an all too inconsiderate stuart . 
 nate had to force his way through to stand next to them . 
 `` hi , stuart . 
 i was just heading out for a smoke , '' helen said . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 you know that side project we spoke about ? '' 
 helen nodded as she searched her bag for something . 
 she held an open pack of lite cigarettes in her hand with one pinched , but unlit , between her fingers . 
 `` about mr. maddox ? '' 
 she said , placing the unlit stick in her mouth . 
 with both hands free she proceeded to delve deeper into her bag . 
 the further she rummaged the more determined she became to find the lost item . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'd like you to go ahead and organise things . 
 remember what i said , though , pick somewhere convenient . 
 you will need to make time to meet my contact beforehand , '' stuart said . 
 finally helen produced a lighter , exactly what she had been looking for in her large bag . 
 she quickly lit the cigarette -- red coloured to denote its high nicotine supplement content -- and began to puff away . 
 she inhaled loudly , held it in for a few seconds and then exhaled , before sending a look of concern to stuart . 
 `` your contact ? '' 
 she said , the smoke flowing gracefully out of her mouth between syllables . 
 stuart waved a hand in front of his face in a disapproving manner . 
 `` yes , and i need you to give him the details of the contract . '' 
 `` right . 
 i 'll get straight on it , sir . '' 
 she moved the lit cigarette to her side in response to stuart 's gesture . 
 out of sight , out of mind , it seemed . 
 when she went to walk away , stuart grabbed her by the arm suddenly . 
 she first looked to his hand in shock as he gripped her a little too tightly , and then moved up to his eyes . 
 nate swore he 'd seen a degree of disgust in her face at the touch of his skin . 
 `` after you do this , i promise you 'll be on your way up the company ladder . 
 in fact i guarantee it , '' stuart said . 
 nate stood next to helen , studying her face intently . 
 he watched her eyes crease ever so slightly as stuart continued to man-handle her . 
 she clearly did n't approve of the overly tactile way he was dealing with her . 
 except she did n't move away . 
 nate just could n't interpret what he was seeing . 
 her eyebrows had dipped at the mention of the unknown contact , but now her face beamed with delight at the promise of a promotion . 
 was this the way stuart always treated her ? 
 `` really ? 
 great , thank you sir , '' she said . 
 how much she knew about stuart 's plot still remained a mystery . 
 nate contemplated the question of her innocence while he watched on . 
 she was no doubt one of stuart 's accomplices , that much was certain . 
 however , what was n't clear was whether she had been willingly or not . 
 she had arranged everything . 
 had she booked the killer as well ? 
 he feared the answer might not sit well with him . 
 it became difficult for him not to imagine her laughing as a trained killer took aim . 
 the only thing he was sure of was that she had n't pulled the trigger . 
 still standing and blocking the doorway , stuart looked ahead with an ecstatic grin that painted his bright white teeth across the width of his face . 
 nate was disturbed to see such a joyous look on his colleague 's face . 
 he 'd never seen him so happy . 
 l'armin was the other side of stuart , his expression a complete contradiction to the latter 's . 
 he 'd interlocked his fingers and was watching contemplatively . 
 the conversation had n't revealed enough to suggest where they went from there . 
 for the moment the three of them simply stood in silence , though with one thinking much darker thoughts than they let on . 
 `` i do n't know what to believe right now , l'armin . 
 if she organised this whole thing for stuart , then i know nothing for sure anymore , '' nate said . 
 he ran a sweaty hand through his hair before continuing . 
 `` how could i be so blind ? '' 
 `` we are blind to what we do not want to see , '' l'armin replied . 
 as helen walked away , the outside world appeared to dissolve into her . 
 it seeped through her image until she was gone , entirely replaced by the night . 
 only the outside appeared more sparse and featureless than nate was used to . 
 he could n't make out anything but a blur of shapes and an eerie , encroaching darkness . 
 he watched , mesmerised , as the edge of the bubble l'armin had told him about cut a line through his world . 
 whatever had happened beyond this point was out of his reach . 
 so too was helen , it appeared . 
 stuart took in a deep breath and let it out slowly , noticeably pleased with himself . 
 he fiddled with his watch , sliding it around his wrist in delight . 
 he could see what nate and l'armin could not , including everything outside the bubble . 
 was he staring at helen , or the night-time scene that spread out before him ? 
 whatever it was it satisfied him , which only angered nate further . 
 once his lungs had been filled with fresh evening air , stuart swung around and sped off , back into the crowded hall . 
 in keeping with his obnoxious nature , he never once apologise to those whose paths he had previously hindered . 
 a sudden quiet swept across nate as the area cleared . 
 finally the voices around had become low enough for him to hear his thoughts again . 
 one in particular screamed louder than any other inside his head . 
 he had to know how deep helen 's involvement went . 
 the voice he heard was angry , but confused at the same time . 
 how could she ? 
 the voice said , over and over again . 
 however much he wanted to reserve judgement , the voice inside him would n't listen . 
 it had already moved on to sentencing . 
 `` can we see what helen has done since we arrived ? '' 
 he said . 
 l'armin became deeply locked in thought as he pondered nate 's question . 
 he searched the dark distance outside the large hall , like a night-time predator fixed on its unbeknown prey . 
 after a few thankfully peaceful seconds he squinted and then unlocked his fingers . 
 `` there is one memory that could work , '' he said , holding up a single finger excitedly . 
 `` is this how it worked before ? 
 i did n't really do anything did i ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not , nathan . '' 
 l'armin held his hands out in a confessional manner . 
 `` it is a necessary deception . 
 in truth we find the memory you are focusing on . '' 
 `` so can you see all of my memories ? '' 
 `` no . 
 your mind is understandably fixated on your own demise . 
 in your case , i have been searching for anything from your past that your mind deems important in this situation . 
 and there is one we can use . '' 
 he reached out and up , placing a hand on each side of nate 's head , and peered deeply into his eyes . 
 a strange sensation , spreading out from l'armin 's fingertips , ran across nate 's entire head . 
 it carried with it a comforting warmth that permeated his skull and the grey matter contained within . 
 there was undoubtedly another presence rummaging around in his head , peeking in dark corners he 'd rather not share . 
 pieces of past memories flashed at the forefront of his mind . 
 but they were gone equally as fast . 
 the usually ordered state he kept his mind in had being overrun by a messy intruder , who refused to tidy up after himself . 
 the entire close encounter was making him uncomfortable , but somehow he remained intrigued . 
 `` there , '' l'armin said . 
 his fingertips unintentionally squeezing nate 's temples as he proclaimed excitedly . 
 he had an amazing talent that he 'd been forced to keep locked up . 
 the holiday experiences that -- until now -- had been the only things he was permitted to create , were unfocused and made with a blunt tool . 
 things had since changed . 
 he had been set free and could go on to sculpt with the finest tools at his disposal . 
 he was clearly revelling in the chance to use it as well , his excitement had begun to make him fidget on the spot . 
 nate doubted he 'd have had the strength to keep such a gift a secret himself . 
 l'armin 's people had their reasons and he respected that . 
 he still could n't imagine ever possessing such restraint , certainly it did n't seem something he would ever have to do . 
 the benefit of such a high profile job was in its openness . 
 he could n't keep anything from the many that competed against his company , even if he wanted to . 
 l'armin closed his eyes and pressed his hands even tighter against nate 's head . 
 his thumbs dug in gently just above the eyes . 
 `` you must concentrate on that memory , nathan . 
 it is recent and not fully formed in your memory . 
 this will be challenging to re-create . '' 
 `` why does that worry me ? 
 ok , which mem -- '' nate began . 
 before he had a chance to finish the sentence , his mind 's eye swept across a vast vista of past events , all laid out like a tapestry of his life . 
 they had been sorted but not by him . 
 someone had guided his thoughts each time . 
 he now knew it had always been l'armin at the helm , not ethereal beings he had let in during the festival . 
 this was a much more comforting revelation for nate . 
 he trusted his new friend . 
 eventually l'armin 's guiding hand made him mentally settle on one picture . 
 that of the large pyramid from the festival at the beginning of the night . 
 `` wow , '' nate said , `` how are you -- '' `` focus , nathan . 
 close your eyes and see yourself . 
 where are you ? '' 
 nate closed his eyes to bring the scene into full view . 
 the sounds from the hall and all of those inside disappeared , their presence no longer required . 
 he concentrated harder and found that somehow he was able to move around the new place he saw . 
 it was familiar but still hazy . 
 it was n't until he could see the back of himself standing outside his hotel room , that he could tell exactly where he was . 
 `` i 'm on the balcony , '' he said , as it finally drifted into full view . 
 `` i 'm in the hotel . '' 
 `` good , good . 
 now we must enter . 
 move to the door . '' 
 without even trying , nate did as he was told and moved his floating consciousness toward the door of his hotel room . 
 he opened it and stepped through , not once hesitating . 
 suddenly the images vanished , leaving him in complete darkness . 
 he realised that he could only feel the pressure of l'armin 's grip against the left side of his head . 
 when he opened his eyes he saw that the other was held out and opened wide . 
 the fingers were splayed out broadly , revealing their thinness . 
 with a flicker of light and a tiny web of visible static , a glowing shape began to form . 
 nate thought he 'd become immune to the impressive sight of the rifts , until he saw one form from l'armin 's own hand . 
 a new appreciation of what he was seeing , of how it worked , made him inhale in awe . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 nate said . 
 he gestured to the glowing shape like a concierge ushering a guest through . 
 l'armin opened his eyes and smiled . 
 `` it is your memory , nathan , '' he said . 
 `` you should proceed first . '' 
 nate was more than happy to oblige . 
 he wanted to leave the convention hall way behind him . 
 and stuart along with it . 
 chapter 11 unlike before , nate 's vision was completely comfortable with the sudden shift in brightness as he walked through another rift . 
 he assumed his eyes were somehow becoming accustomed to it . 
 it was n't until he was on the other side that he realised the real reason . 
 the area he was entering was dark , much darker than he 'd expected . 
 a light breeze brushed past him , bringing a tingle to his skin . 
 it swished his clothes playfully as it continued on . 
 the hot and uncomfortable air of before was now a distant memory . 
 he breathed in greedily , feeling the colder air rushing down and into his chest . 
 in the background he could make out the faint sound of trickling water . 
 it took him a little while to figure out where they were . 
 they had n't appeared in his hotel room as expected , but somewhere else entirely . 
 to his left was the hotel swimming pool , its water slow but still moving . 
 beyond that he found the source of the trickling water sound ; the small fountain he 'd spotted l'armin sat beside , on the first day of his visit . 
 it felt good to be back , like nothing had ever happened . 
 he thought about continue his vacation in here instead of going back . 
 the temptation to just pull up a chair , stretch out his tired legs and let the world carry on without him , was almost too much to resist . 
 someone else could look for the assassin while he sipped unknown alien cocktails . 
 without meaning to l'armin broke nate 's concentration and simultaneously shattered his hopes of relaxation with a misjudged entrance . 
 when they collided nate could saw how unsteady his friend had become . 
 he felt compelled to offer an arm in support , which l'armin took to leaning heavily against . 
 after a second or two he regained his strength and straightened up , his back slightly arched as he stretched . 
 he then looked around to see what nate had already . 
 there was no surprise on his face , he had no doubt expected to arrive by the pool . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 nate said . 
 l'armin looked up and nodded . 
 `` as i predicted , that was very much a challenge . 
 i have not used my abilities in such a focused way for many years . 
 it is more tiresome than i remembered . '' 
 he laughed between breaths . 
 above hung the familiar sight of sparkling icy rings , cutting through the sky like a mesmerising glitter trail . 
 it bathed the dark side of the moon in a comforting light . 
 its luminosity was still low enough to afford a sense of anonymity to its guests . 
 nate took a few steps around the pool to see up to his own balcony , after first making sure his companion was sturdy enough to stand alone . 
 small lights around the pool guided him away from its edge as he sneaked about . 
 as expected there stood a mirror image of himself , wearing the clothes he 'd arrived in . 
 but even dressed differently the sight was odd ; a mirror image that was not mirroring him . 
 nate pointed to himself on the balcony . 
 `` there , see , '' he said . 
 l'armin leaned against one of the pool side loungers for support . 
 `` interesting . 
 you appear to be alone . '' 
 `` i am , i mean i was . 
 helen had just left , so i had a drink while watching the festival being set up . '' 
 they followed the direction the nate up on the balcony was looking in , and saw the same process playing out in the distance . 
 the busy workers dashed about intently , striving to meet whatever deadline drove them on . 
 behind them the large raised platform was slowly taking shape , with tiny sections waiting to be positioned correctly . 
 it still looked like an unfinished pyramid -- and would do even when it had been completed . 
 although the area was a mess , it was gradually becoming the spectacle nate had been impressed by . 
 he could now see just how much planning had been done to make the festival work . 
 and as with any rehearsed play , not one of those involved had missed their cue to perform . 
 it had all been an illusion after all , just not quite the one he had expected . 
 for a minute they calmly watched , until the sound of a door detracted their attention . 
 nate looked up and saw that his double had closed the balcony door and disappeared inside . 
 the night was quiet , refreshingly so . 
 he could n't help but feel envious of his double and the night of undisturbed sleep he was about to enjoy . 
 `` weird , '' nate began , `` i do n't get why this is important . '' 
 `` i felt a relevance . 
 i did not see specifics , nathan . 
 there is something here . '' 
 as if spurred on by his obvious doubt , nate heard a rustling noise from behind . 
 he searched for the cause of the noise , but at first only saw shadows . 
 all he could make out was a line of weird and wonderfully exotic potted plants surrounding the pool area , nothing else . 
 only when a sudden flicker of light reflected off the pool , did he make out a mysterious figure standing behind the plants . 
 a second later and the intermittent light was gone , returning the man to darkness . 
 it was n't just the guests who benefited from the low light level , it seemed . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` indeed i did . '' 
 they approached the man , still seemingly hidden in the background . 
 upon closer inspection it became clear this was his intention . 
 he did not want to be seen at all and was good at remaining so . 
 the question was why ? 
 the man 's entire body was covered by one long and baggy robe . 
 it appeared to be a shade of blue , in the little amount of light that was permitted to touch it . 
 a large hood at the top concealed the face from view . 
 it did n't matter how far nate peered into it , the darkness only peered back at him . 
 he was n't absolutely sure there was even a face inside . 
 `` any idea who this could be ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 l'armin leaned in , but his face remained the same . 
 he shook his head rigorously , almost like nate had accused him of something . 
 nate moved in closer himself . 
 `` me neither . '' 
 he reached out slowly until he could gently touch the man . 
 the hood felt rough in his hands , like made from strands of rough rope , or a sack . 
 he continued to pull the material away , intent on revealing the face beyond . 
 gradually it slid back . 
 he took care not to disturb the man . 
 whether or not it was possible for the man to see him , he decided to choose caution over speed . 
 his eyes squinted as he concentrated on this one act . 
 but just when he thought he could make out skin of some kind , the man turned his head suddenly . 
 nate jumped back in shock , regaining his balance just inches short of the pool . 
 another person was approaching from the direction of the hotel . 
 this second person , however , did not move stealthily like the hidden man . 
 but instead walked noisily and with little concern of who could hear . 
 the footsteps were odd sounding too . 
 each step made a double clicking noise as the foot landed on the tiled floor . 
 it took him a second or two to place why it was familiar . 
 it sounded like a heel , toe , heel , toe kind of motion . 
 helen , he suddenly thought . 
 there she stood , her high heels having already given away her dainty figure . 
 nate immediately felt a sense of impending doom . 
 what was about to play out had him worried . 
 for now she waited patiently with her right arm held across her body , holding her left arm protectively . 
 hanging from her left hand , down by her waist , was the dark brown folder . 
 she had brought it with her on the journey , nate soon remembered . 
 but what did it contain ? 
 he had n't considered before , but now it wanted his attention . 
 he now knew it was important and that it was something linking back to stuart . 
 though he could n't be sure of anything else . 
 whatever was contained within , he had to see it . 
 after leaving helen standing and waiting for a minute or two , the man finally exited the darkness just enough for her to see . 
 he had been studying her from the safety of shadows and was now evidently confident she had n't been followed . 
 `` oh , '' helen barked , `` i did n't see you there . '' 
 the man did n't speak , he just slid gradually back into cover . 
 but in those few moments nate had caught a glimpse of the man 's leathery purple skin . 
 he was n't human , that much was certain . 
 helen waited nervously for a reply . 
 after an uncomfortably quiet few seconds had past , she pushed on regardless . 
 `` i was told to give you something . 
 i have it here somewhere . '' 
 she ruffled through the folder , passing page after page from right to left as she searched . 
 the man moved through the darkness toward her , his head cocked to one side . 
 nate did n't like what he was seeing at all . 
 `` i swear i 'd lose my head ... '' she trailed off , unaware the man had moved . 
 it was hard for nate not to feel protective . 
 he moved with the man , keeping helen closely behind him . 
 something inside told him the strange man was looking for more than just paperwork . 
 `` ah , there you are , '' helen said . 
 nate turned to see she was talking about her missing paper and still had n't noticed how much closer the stranger was . 
 the man 's hood drooped for a second before slowly returning to its original position . 
 he knew exactly what the man was doing . 
 he could just imagine a pair of threatening eyes scanning up and down helen 's body , lingering at times . 
 every curve of her was available to be silently caressed by the man 's eyes , and she had no idea . 
 but nate did . 
 he had the man 's intentions clear in his mind and was stood , poised and ready to attack . 
 `` i really do n't like the look of this prick , '' he said , with an emphasis on the ` k ' . 
 `` my suspicions tell me we have found the killer , nathan . '' 
 `` come on helen . '' 
 nate looked straight into her eyes , but they peered beyond his . 
 `` leave and go back to your room . 
 please . '' 
 she held out the piece of paper . 
 `` there you go . '' 
 `` do n't do this please . '' 
 nate continued to plead with her . 
 the man rudely snatched the paper from her . 
 instinctively , she leapt back in surprise , sending loose paper flying out of the folder . 
 a couple of them landed in the pool , where they bobbed about on the surface . 
 they taunted her as they became more and more sodden . 
 she fidgeted , clearly eager to retrieve them , but the man was acting odd and making her nervous . 
 he was doing the same to nate as well . 
 she took one small step away as the man appeared to sniff the paper she 'd handed him . 
 sensing he was too engrossed in its contents to notice , she aimed for the pool to retrieve her ruined paperwork . 
 she managed to fish out one at the edge , but could only watch as the rest defiantly sailed away on the breeze . 
 nate watched , thankful that as she had created some distance between her and the man . 
 he was happy enough that she would n't come to any harm while she tried to reach the paperwork . 
 it looked like it was going to take her some time too as pieces continued to venture further into the middle of the pool . 
 the man 's actions were strange , but they did not appear as threatening as they had originally . 
 still the man sniffed at the paper he held . 
 if he drew in any more air nate was sure the words would fly off the paper and into him . 
 he let the image expand automatically in his mind until it reached a point of absurdity . 
 he saw the words flow through the man 's mouth and down into his chest , like a breath of air full of letters . 
 their meanings were drawn out and into his lungs , where they were absorbed into him . 
 perhaps racing around his bloodstream until it reached his brain . 
 maybe there was something more to it than just an overly active imagination at play . 
 maybe he was taking from it more than what was written . 
 but what ? 
 for the moment nate left helen to recover her things and stood next to the man . 
 he peek at the paper through the bony fingers that held it , and made out a few of the lines . 
 what he saw was puzzling . 
 it was no more than a printed memo to his own internal staff . 
 this was n't the proof of deadly intentions he had expected , only a note on overtime allocation . 
 he waved l'armin over . 
 `` this is bullshit , '' he said , pointing at the sheet . 
 `` she gave him nothing . '' 
 as the man continued to study the sheet , moving it up and down , l'armin pulled down the top corner and caught what little he could of the words . 
 but there was no confusion on his face at all . 
 he appeared undeterred by the seemingly unrelated nature of the information it contained . 
 unlike nate , he was focused and watchful . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 after returning his contorted face back to normal , nate tried to see what he must have missed . 
 l'armin let go of the paper and waited until he saw the clue again . 
 `` there , '' he announced . 
 nate jumped forward when he saw it . 
 the man was n't randomly smelling the paper , his movements were following a pattern . 
 his first hunch had been right . 
 the man was moving the sheet up and down , and then an inch or so to the right each time he reached the bottom . 
 he was reading it . 
 though nate had never seen it done quite like this before . 
 he was breathing it in , both literally and figuratively , it seemed . 
 `` what 's he getting from it ? '' 
 he said . 
 l'armin began to wag his finger , indicating to the paper . 
 `` i believe i have seen this before . 
 we have visitors from many different worlds during the passing , and i have witnessed those able to communicate through pheromones . '' 
 `` can you see , i mean smell , what it says then ? '' 
 `` unfortunately not , '' l'armin said as he took a sniff of the paper . 
 he quickly moved his nose away soon after . 
 `` there is a strong odour emanating from this . 
 i can not differentiate between the scents . 
 how strong is your sense of smell ? '' 
 nate lent in and did the same . 
 it had a musky smell , one that punished his nasal passage within seconds of drawing in an all too enthusiastic breath . 
 how any being could find meaning from such a heady mix of scents was beyond him . 
 and yet the man moved it up and down his face , like a printer building a picture one line at a time . 
 `` not good enough . 
 so we ca n't see what it says ? 
 great , '' he said . 
 `` i am afraid so . 
 but whatever it contains it is assuredly concerning you , nathan . '' 
 `` jesus , '' nate said , prolonging the last 's ' longer than really necessary . 
 `` it could be a bloody picture of me and we 'd have no way of proving it . 
 the guy would have thrown it away after he 'd read it . 
 god-dammit . '' 
 in frustration nate threw his arms up in the air and turned away temporarily , he then let them slap back down against his sides . 
 so close to the answers and yet once again they were just out of reach . 
 there was only one question he really wanted answered and he still did n't know how to . 
 what helen had done was inconclusive . 
 she had handed over paperwork she could n't possibly have read herself . 
 it just was n't quite enough to prove she was totally innocent . 
 `` i 've got to see helen , '' he said . 
 `` no more memories . '' 
 he returned to watching helen floundering about the pool for the last of her paperwork . 
 occasionally she stopped to check the man was still there ; his odd behaviour had not gone unnoticed by her . 
 she rushed the last two pieces into her hands , choosing to scrunch them up in one big , wet handful rather than file them away carefully . 
 the clenched fists at nate 's side began to warm up in their centre . 
 he had n't even realised he was squeezing them , let alone far too tightly . 
 `` i have to know if she 's involved , '' he said . 
 `` none of this will answer that . '' 
 `` i understand , nathan , '' l'armin replied . 
 by now the man had gotten everything he needed from the paper and had begun to fold it in a slow and considered manner . 
 once finished he tucked it away in his pocket and then took one last lingering look at helen , his head cocked to one side again . 
 nate could see a silvery shine to the eyes that hid beneath the man 's hood . 
 there was a dangerous curiosity in them . 
 under different circumstances he might have been a threat to helen . 
 maybe he still was , nate considered . 
 as helen left and headed back into the hotel , so did the man . 
 they used different entrances , with the man using an emergency exit , to the side of the hotel . 
 once it clicked shut , the night became peaceful once more . 
 only the noise of the fountain and distant footsteps remained . 
 yet it was anything but peaceful for nate . 
 a thousand different thoughts vied for his attention , all at once . 
 with a new more worrying addition at the forefront . 
 no longer was it only the risk to his own life that concerned him , but now the risk to helen 's too . 
 all of the time he had spent inside his own memories , helen had been alone . 
 if the killer still wanted her , he could have her and nate could do nothing about it . 
 `` i have to get out of here . 
 now , '' he said , after quickly coming to realise that it may already be too late . 
 chapter 12 nate became agitated at the thought of helen being harmed , and was getting more so the longer he stayed within the memory . 
 he 'd found no peace by the pool , only more questions . 
 worse still , the killer 's face had completely eluded him , with only a partial description obtained . 
 it was n't much to go on at all . 
 the strange man may have left , but his image still hovered at the front of nate 's consciousness . 
 it had become like a bothersome and incessantly buzzing fly inside his head . 
 he tried to swat it away by planning his escape from the rifts . 
 but it proved a fruitless endeavour , as each time he tried , it quickly returned . 
 nothing else concerned him anymore . 
 he had to find the man . 
 `` we must return through each rift in turn , nathan . 
 you must try to relax before we do , '' l'armin said . 
 `` relax ? 
 that may be a bit hard at the moment . '' 
 without even considering being cautious , nate trudged off to the still glowing orb they had entered through . 
 he 'd had enough , the novelty had worn off . 
 there was nothing left for him in these memories anymore . 
 as he approached the exit , with the glow becoming stronger , he felt someone touch his arm from behind . 
 it had only been faint , like l'armin had made a grab for him and only just missed . 
 he chose to ignore it and instead attributed it to the breeze upon his skin . 
 dismissing the notion that his friend had tried to stop him , allowed his mind to focus only on getting out . 
 he had no time to hang about any longer . 
 he continued until the glow had replaced all signs of his surroundings . 
 the only remnant of before was the echo of l'armin asking him to wait . 
 what was there for him to wait for ? 
 the quicker he could escape the rifts the better , he decided . 
 once through he found himself back in the exhibition hall . 
 nothing much had changed , it was still far too busy to be comfortable . 
 as he marched a speedy pace through the hall , he was grateful to see most of the people were moving out of his way . 
 though , he took no pain in forcing those aside who did n't leave him room . 
 they were n't real anyway , he considered , only obstacles in his path . 
 pushing through the hall was much easier this time , now that he knew exactly where to go . 
 he raced past the old man and his ever expanding cloud of smoke , past the bar he 'd found cameron slumped over , past his own presentation and the horde of rude journalists still surrounding it ; everything that had been important before , he quickly left behind . 
 he waited for nothing . 
 not even l'armin , who he 'd completely lost track of behind him somewhere . 
 almost at the exit , he was surprised to see a small build-up of people in front of the rift . 
 he thought nothing of it at first and continued on , still moving at a confidently brisk pace . 
 but the closer he got , the more people near to it appeared to join in . 
 it no longer looked to be a random build-up of people anymore , but rather a wall of organised bodies with an unknown intent . 
 he took the last few metres in his stride , until only the group remained between him and the exit . 
 even though his pace had slowed , the group were still there and they continued to appear as impenetrable as ever . 
 he 'd expected a gap to have formed at some point to allow him to gracefully slide through . 
 but no such space was created . 
 if anything the group had become even denser . 
 they did n't move an inch . 
 at least not until nate crashed straight into them , forcing the front few bodies to the side . 
 when the second row began to take up the slack , it became clear they were all trying to stop him . 
 it was n't simply an obstruction , the group had the collective desire to keep him there against his will . 
 they said nothing and showed no emotion at all as their arms flapped about , all trying to grab him and hold him back . 
 parts of nate 's clothing were being tugged nearly to the point of ripping while he fought them off . 
 he was sure he was just starting to make some progress in getting past them , when they switched to a new tactic . 
 suddenly a huge amount of weight was being piled on top of him , in an obvious attempt to bring him to the floor . 
 it was working too , as he quickly found himself lurching downward under the weight of the bodies now pushing against him . 
 his frustration soon began to turn to anger as his limbs became increasingly entangled . 
 in the chaos some of the people had tumbled to the floor already and were covering the ground beneath him . 
 he could feel a mass of hands gripping him tightly from all sides now -- even from those stuck at the bottom of the pile . 
 they were all much stronger than he expected and were making light work of holding him in place . 
 during the struggle nate could hear a voice in the background , telling him repeatedly to stop . 
 he had no interest in the person 's pleas . 
 escaping a world that was quickly turning against him was all that mattered at that moment . 
 `` get the hell off me , '' he shouted . 
 they held onto him tighter and tighter . 
 they had become a writhing mass of limbs that acted like sinking sand as he thrashed about . 
 the more he struggled the stronger they gripped the tiny bit of him each of them held onto . 
 soon he could feel himself being dragged further toward the floor . 
 if they succeeded in pinning him down he knew he would be trapped . 
 he lashed out at a few of the unknown faces , in a complete state of panic . 
 his strikes were solid but his victims were unmoved , not once flinching with pain . 
 it would take every ounce of effort to get them off . 
 realising this he began to feel an immense rage bubbling up inside him , overtaking the milder feeling of anger from before . 
 it caused a froth of spittle to form at the sides of his mouth . 
 yet despite this he could still feel the hands scratching and squeezing parts of him . 
 he barely acknowledged the continual pleas from l'armin behind . 
 the words were there , though no longer registering with him . 
 they were being drowned out by something . 
 a noise , accompanied by a dull ache in his temple . 
 it was happening again , the voices were becoming too loud . 
 it quickly sent a surge up through his body , forcing him forward . 
 his intention was now to get out before it reached the intensity it had earlier . 
 the searing pain of before would have to catch him this time . 
 a tiny part of him knew the sensible thing to do was to stop and try to calm down . 
 maybe even perform another breathing exercise . 
 his connection to l'armin was being stretched too far and was at risk of breaking . 
 he needed to stop . 
 but the thought found little company at the back of nate 's mind . 
 the more he panicked the more he pushed and threatened to sever the link entirely . 
 he had no idea what would happen at that point . 
 maybe he would break with it . 
 there was n't time to explore the thought fully . 
 it did n't occur to him that he may be about to do himself some serious harm either , as he blindly carried on . 
 ploughing through the last of the crowd was as difficult as he 'd expected . 
 though with enough kicks and elbow blows to the few people still on their feet , he was getting somewhere at last . 
 soon enough he was again entering the rift , which only moments earlier had felt completely beyond his reach . 
 they would have to follow him through if they wanted him now . 
 this time the sensation of the world disappearing around him was followed by a sudden increase in momentum . 
 someone had stubbornly held on and not let go until the last possible moment , propelling him forward head first . 
 his unhindered motion sent him tumbling through unexpectedly . 
 although it was pleasingly quicker than it would have otherwise been . 
 the joy brought about by his release was short lived , as a reflective surface appeared in front of his face . 
 he landed heavily with his arms clumsily splayed out in front of him , just stopping his face a few inches from the ground . 
 he may have saved his face , but he 'd forced his knees into the metal plating , like stone grinding against a much more brittle stone . 
 to stay in position on his hands and knees was not an option . 
 the final exit was much further ahead and he wanted desperately to get to it . 
 so regardless of how much he knew it would hurt , he returned to his feet and pushed forward . 
 he would just shake off the inevitable bruises along the way , he decided . 
 either that or let the head splitting noises catch up with him and bring him to his knees once more . 
 again he was heading through like an out of control bulldozer . 
 his knees were stiff and a few dark splotches on his trousers suggested he 'd grazed them , drawing a small amount of blood . 
 though , he was hardly going to slow down to tend to such minor injuries . 
 the rift had spat him out by the door of the forward airlock , on the miner 's folly . 
 by now his double had moved on , leaving only strangers littering the hallways . 
 he tried to ignore the people who suddenly stopped and stared at him as he swept through the ship he knew so well . 
 for some reason they were much less interested in him now . 
 they still watched like spectres of a forgotten world . 
 he made his way through the bowels of his father 's ship , retracing his steps from earlier . 
 all the while he was followed by the distant clicking sound of sandals . 
 he 'd completely forgotten about l'armin . 
 the poor man had been left to fend off the same crowds . 
 somehow he had made it through and was now running for all his life 's worth , just to catch up . 
 nate decided , reluctantly , to carry on and head for the next rift by himself . 
 if he stopped and allowed l'armin to reach him , he was sure the pain would eventually get him . 
 not once did he consider that he may be the one making things worse . 
 to him the world had suddenly decided to turn against him . 
 he 'd fended them off once and assumed he would have to again at some point soon . 
 he continued at a slightly slower pace . 
 at this speed he was able to watch the flurry of activity that played out for no-one but him to enjoy . 
 it was like any ordinary day aboard the miner 's folly , with everyone going about their everyday business . 
 except occasionally when they were compelled to glare at him . 
 all of the familiar faces he passed looked back at him with obvious mistrust . 
 his knees felt raw against the material of his trousers as he walked on . 
 for a few minutes he chose to pay no attention at all to the people around him and concentrated on nothing but the slight stinging pain instead . 
 it was working until he realised something was missing . 
 the noise was no longer building around him . 
 he could n't place when it had dissipated , but it was definitely gone . 
 had he finally outrun it ? 
 to test this he decided to stop and allow his breathing to catch up . 
 within seconds he began to feel the blood pumping through his limbs . 
 the sound was n't catching him , he was spared the pain this time . 
 with the wall behind , he leant his back against it and bent forward , placing his hands on his shins . 
 the muscles stretched , but the tension remained . 
 a regular pattern of clicks accompanied l'armin 's footsteps as he raced through the ship , still trying his best to keep up -- sandals were proving a bad choice to run in . 
 it brought nate 's attention back to his immediate surroundings and away from his body 's bad reaction to the sudden sprint . 
 for whatever reason things had become deceptively quiet around him , though those nearby were still far too interested in him . 
 as the sound of his friend became louder , nate found it hard not to think over what he had seen helen do . 
 again and again , he let it play out in his head . 
 yet each time he was left wanting more answers . 
 he began to wonder if he could simply ignore what he 'd seen and carry on where he and helen had left off . 
 would it would go away if he tried hard enough to forget it ? 
 he would n't have to find out whether she was guilty or not then . 
 but to his annoyance , his thoughts swiftly moved on to a conclusion that he wanted desperately not to be true . 
 one which was becoming harder and harder to avoid . 
 helen was involved from the beginning , she must have known something . 
 l'armin eventually arrived with a sweaty sheen to his skin and wheezing heavily . 
 in the last few steps he 'd managed to lose his right sandal , only adding to his flustered appearance . 
 he laboriously retrieved it and hobbled over . 
 `` please , '' he managed to say before gulping down a lung-full of air . 
 nate returned to an upright position , but kept his back against the wall . 
 `` i 'm sorry l'armin . 
 i just have to get out of here . '' 
 `` i understand '' -- another large breath -- `` but we must be careful . '' 
 l'armin lent against nate and slipped his sandal back on . 
 `` your anger is disrupting the connection between us . 
 if we proceed too quickly we may destabilise it . '' 
 it was soon painfully obvious to nate that this was why the inhabitants were acting so odd toward him , where they had been completely disinterested before . 
 his anger had caused the bundle of people in the exhibition hall . 
 it had been his fault all along . 
 the closer they had come to breaking the connection , the more the world around them had reacted . 
 thankfully , l'armin had caught up with him just in time to prevent it from happening , this time . 
 finally , the tiny part of him that had suspected as much was allowed free rein of his mind . 
 in his now much calmer state , he could see how manic he had previously been . 
 he 'd thrashed around like some kind of rabies infested animal , attacking anything that moved . 
 the realisation brought with it the familiar feeling that he was n't in control . 
 if anything he was actually making things harder for those who were . 
 the memories may have been his , but he was merely lending them to l'armin to re-create . 
 it all felt much more alien to him than before . 
 `` i need to get back to helen , now . '' 
 l'armin nodded . 
 `` one memory at a time , '' he said , setting off in front . 
 although still weary of what lay ahead , nate followed closely behind . 
 he was annoyed at losing himself so quickly to his own anger . 
 he took a few moments of silence to consolidate his thoughts into one coherent voice . 
 the sudden calm had at least quietened the others enough to allow him to think clearly . 
 they found the exit hovering in the middle of the corridor , exactly where they had left it . 
 one at a time they stepped through , l'armin first this time . 
 the boardroom was now empty . 
 only the hectic traffic whizzing past the large window at the rear , showed how alive and active the world still was . 
 all other signs of life had since moved on . 
 the affluent remains of a corporate gathering were all that had been left behind : empty champagne glasses , trays with the left-overs of exquisitely prepared snacks still sitting on them , even a handful of discarded wrappers from celebratory smokes -- that had evidently been handed out , though only between the top ranks -- littered the room . 
 they headed straight for the exit and left the room behind , choosing to head onwards to the ship once more rather than stay and admire the scene . 
 nate was confident they 'd gleaned everything they could have from this place anyway . 
 to stay would only make his impatience worse . 
 again nate noted the differences between the two memories of the miner 's folly , as they returned to the first . 
 this time its corridors had the sparkle and shine like that of a much younger and less lived-in vessel . 
 the outside scene of space was impressive too , with the entire length of the corridor displaying it through its many windows . 
 those working in the deeper parts of the ship , as he had , were rarely allowed such a grandiose view . 
 he could remember many occasions -- often weeks at a time -- when he 'd seen nothing but corridors and walls . 
 his attention rapidly returned to more immediate concerns , once they 'd arrived at the next rift . 
 the scene that existed beyond was not one he particularly wanted to return to . 
 it was the last hurdle to overcome . 
 after that he had one last stroll through his childhood memory of the park and then on to freedom . 
 it appeared l'armin shared the same feeling of trepidation . 
 he paused just at the edge of the rift and looked to nate . 
 the silence had become more noticeable than ever between them . 
 neither of them had wanted to disrupt the quiet as they found the courage to enter the next area . 
 this time nate chose to go first . 
 the moment he exited the rift he looked around the edge of the room . 
 the image of his death could n't affect him if he kept the evidence dancing on the edge of his vision . 
 at least that was his intention . 
 he tried not to notice the obvious blood stains still spread out on the floor , however much they haunted his peripheral vision . 
 mercifully , the body of his double had escaped the room during l'armin 's earlier demonstration . 
 still he chose not to look out the hole that used to be the pressurised and strengthened window , just in case his remains were floating around in full view . 
 the last thing he wanted to see was his own body after being shot and sent into the void . 
 yet he could n't help but imagine what it would look like . 
 the idea of his own blood boiling while it streamed out of a large gunshot wound , as rapid de-pressurisation wrought havoc to his remains , made him gag . 
 the killer had caused a major deviation from the original memory . 
 one that had continued to evolve on its own . 
 so too had the damage to the room , which was so much more extensive than it had been before they 'd left -- with most of it now appearing to be outside . 
 what continued to play out bore more resemblance to a disaster movie than it did to what had really happened . 
 thankfully nate 's concentration was needed to push through the debris that was hovering in front of him . 
 as a demonstration of just how realistic the re-creations were , the gravity plating had failed since their last visit . 
 he had n't even noticed his feet were an inch or so off of the floor . 
 he 'd been so focused on avoiding any glimpse of his dead double that everything else had faded into insignificance . 
 pieces were sent flying away at the slightest touch as he slowly waded through . 
 he moved by passing one hand over the other and dragging his body along the side wall . 
 the years of working in zero gravity made it easy for his limbs to adapt . 
 the same could not be said of his stomach , which quickly twisted uneasily . 
 l'armin copied as well as he could manage . 
 it was n't as instinctive a transition for him as it was for nate . 
 the uneasy movements he was making often sent him flapping about in the wrong direction . 
 it was taking all of his effort just to stay upright . 
 soon bits were moving all about them , compounded by the ripple effect their movements were causing . 
 nate knew from experience that the problem would quickly become dangerous , yet he was in no mood to care . 
 between the increasing tightness of his bowels , the pain in his knees and the overwhelming desire to return to reality , he had little interest in worrying about his own mortality any longer . 
 at the exit he stopped and waved l'armin through . 
 behind he could see the room was beginning to come alive with sharp swarms of moving debris . 
 he wished the pieces would tear the place apart and wipe it out of existence like it had his own treasured memory of the place . 
 it was lost to him anyway . 
 his memory of proposing to gemma had been damaged beyond repair . 
 all the anger from before returned as he soon realised his loss . 
 why relive such a personal memory when one change could ruin it so easily ? 
 time may distort recollections of past events but it rarely destroyed them in such a violent way . 
 these things were fragile , like dry forests . 
 without meaning to they had wandered through as though pouring petrol wherever they stepped . 
 the killer had merely ignited their trail , turning it all to ash and forever robbing him of a once special moment . 
 he thanked whichever god may have resided over him that the killer had n't struck during one of his younger memories . 
 otherwise there would have been no confusion over which nate was real and he would have died for certain . 
 though he knew this was worth noting , it gave him only a second of peace before the bitterness returned . 
 he pushed himself through the rift without so much as a goodbye , or even a good riddance . 
 it was behind him and that was all that mattered . 
 as he ventured further into the light he was softly returned to the ground . 
 on the other side he was greeted by the warm embrace of sunshine from his childhood . 
 the entire front of his body became pleasingly tingly , while the hairs on his arms began to stand up and dance amid the rays . 
 stood there waiting for him was l'armin , who watched as the sun gradually washed nate 's pain from the previous area away . 
 the young child version of nate was still running around the park , but now chased a friend he 'd since forgotten the name of ; a little girl roughly the same age as the one he now sorely missed being . 
 the sight diluted his anger instantly as he watched a tiny version of himself playing without a care in the world . 
 he would give anything for just a second more of such freedom . 
 `` sir ? 
 everything ok ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 it shocked nate to see cameron standing in front of him . 
 for a moment he thought he 'd slipped back into the convention hall and was once again watching a broken man drinking his pain away . 
 thankfully , he lacked the smell of alcohol on his clothes and breath that had stung nate 's nose earlier . 
 it was the same man , but with a new lick of varnish applied to a cracking veneer . 
 obviously he 'd managed to change his ways , or at least had learnt to conceal his addiction better . 
 whatever the reason he was back to normal and was performing above and beyond everyone 's expectations , even nate 's . 
 the vodka fuelled man destined to fail in his duty protecting his boss , had come good and done the complete opposite . 
 nate found comfort in the thought that stuart 's plans had been scuppered by this one miscalculation . 
 `` have you seen or heard anything ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` nothing i 'm afraid , sir . 
 nobody has come in or out since you were ... er , '' cameron replied , stopping short of mentioning the untimely demise of nate 's double . 
 `` good . 
 i have to find helen right away . 
 follow me . '' 
 nate set off before cameron had time to ask any questions . 
 a quizzical finger was raised that suggested something had come to mind , but he had no interest in explaining anything just yet . 
 his quest continued and the need for closure was ever increasing . 
 cameron would have to go along with him for now , he decided . 
 even l'armin had become intent on avoiding the inevitable explanation by following closely behind and leaving cameron to catch up . 
 the three of them set a quick pace out of the last rift . 
 the comforting warmth of nate 's youth was soon behind them , figuratively and literally . 
 once outside they found themselves back among the groups attending the passing . 
 the ceremony was still in full swing , with the beam of light continuing to shine just as bright as before . 
 in stark contrast to his own group that headed away with obvious urgency , those that remained appeared calm and relaxed . 
 though nate counted fewer of the glowing orbs as he hurtled past , with most of them having since closed . 
 having seen all they intended to see , they had evidently retired for the rest of the evening . 
 their absence created obvious voids where once a group had been standing . 
 the remaining visitors , however , were still enjoying themselves and had been so while he 'd been digging through his past . 
 they no doubt visited memories of happy times surrounded by loved ones or even lost loves . 
 all the things nate had been expecting . 
 but murder ? 
 did they witness such things as they watched themselves ? 
 he hoped not and yet at the same time felt envious that they did n't . 
 within a short amount of time nate had lead the group back to the hotel pool . 
 there a few of the groups from the festival relaxed peacefully under the dim light of the rings . 
 with no humans in sight he found it hard not to stare at the mixture of beings all sat around , holidaying , like any human would . 
 despite his more immediate concerns he allowed himself to be swept away by his curiosity . 
 most were recognisably humanoid , with only the slightest noticeable differences in skin colour , texture , or even number of limbs . 
 all except for a strange pair that conversed enthusiastically underneath the water . 
 they were exceptionally unusual in comparison . 
 he had no idea what to make of them with their six -- or seven , he struggled to count -- tentacle like limbs bobbing about in the water . 
 if this had been an ordinary vacation , he would have found it hard not to be curious . 
 he knew he may have even managed a few sales pitches to beings he normally would n't have met . 
 that was the point anyway , he thought , to broaden his horizons whichever planet they may reside on . 
 the opportunities were there for the taking and he almost certainly would have taken them . 
 the long list he had of things he 'd missed out on during his visit was beginning to distract him more than he liked . 
 he knew he should be concerned with the assassin , not this . 
 the comparisons of his real and intended vacations were only annoying him . 
 he had something much more worrying to focus on than how crappy his holiday had been so far . 
 he shook it off as much as he could and decided to move his eyes away from the two underwater beings , who no doubt were slightly miffed by his unmoving glare -- not that he could really tell . 
 instead he turned his attention to locating helen . 
 except nowhere in the surrounding area could he see any hints of her . 
 in fact there was n't anything to suggest any humans were there at all . 
 it occurred to him that he had no idea what she 'd been doing while he was busy . 
 she 'd left to catch up on work or something , he could n't remember . 
 perhaps she sat back in her room with a glass of bubbly as she planned how she would celebrate her ill-gotten gain ? 
 surely she could n't be so cold ? 
 his mind was so fuzzy that as he checked around the pool for her , he simply could n't answer it himself . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 when nate turned he was surprised at the expression on cameron 's face . 
 his eyes were deeply focused and searching for something . 
 whatever he had seen , it was on nate 's shirt . 
 he investigated until his eyes were unable to reveal any more . 
 at which point he was suddenly no longer content with looking and began to pull at it instead . 
 `` it 's gone , '' he said . 
 `` the blood , it 's all gone . '' 
 he was right , every drop of it had vanished . 
 nate had tried his best to ignore the dark patches that had slowly dried into his shirt and caused it to feel coarse against his skin . 
 now he need n't worry as all that remained were the creases he 'd made while trying to rub the blood away . 
 his shirt had somehow become as clean as it had been at the start of the evening . 
 `` where 's it gone ? '' 
 nate asked l'armin . 
 `` the blood was not real , nathan . 
 nothing inside the memories can escape into this world , '' he replied . 
 at any other time in nate 's life , l'armin 's words would have seemed like that of a madman to him . 
 yet he had no trouble at all accepting the explanation . 
 he had much more of an open mind than he 'd first thought . 
 either that or the weirdness of the situation just had n't hit him fully . 
 one thing he could be certain of was that he trusted l'armin and was just thankful an explanation existed at all -- even if he did n't entirely understand it . 
 he nodded to confirm he 'd understood and continued to look around for helen . 
 the vanishing blood was a bonus , but his main goal was still to be achieved . 
 again , though , he was unsuccessful , and becoming more irritated with every second that passed . 
 cameron did the same and searched the immediate area , then made his failure unnecessarily clear to the rest of the group . 
 `` she 's not here , '' he said , stating the abundantly obvious . 
 `` what 's her room number ? '' 
 nate looked up to the balconies above in case , by a remarkable stroke of luck , she were taking in the view from her room . 
 to his disappointment all but two were occupied and it was clear none of them were occupied by helen -- or humans . 
 he turned to his companions for an answer . 
 cameron had a blank look on his face that he decided to top off with an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders . 
 l'armin on the other hand copied cameron 's expression exactly , unintentionally mocking him . 
 the impatience was unbearably frustrating for nate and the empty looks from his friends did n't help . 
 a list of questions spiralled endlessly around the inside of his head like the contents of a blender at full speed . 
 he had no idea how to form them into coherent sentences , with only snippets of emotions available . 
 it soon dawned on him that he was sending the exact same blank expression back to cameron and l'armin . 
 he was unintentionally mocking the both of them . 
 `` she did n't give me any contact details . 
 otherwise i would have spoken with her earlier , '' cameron said . 
 nate thought over his last few encounters with helen . 
 for someone so obsessed with being organised , she had been short on information with him too . 
 there were things he had n't listened to , though he still remembered roughly what the subject matters were , and her room number was n't one of them . 
 he was positive . 
 so had she just forgotten to mention it ? 
 or was there more to it than that ? 
 perhaps she was harbouring the killer there ? 
 he became angry with himself for ever thinking such a thing . 
 there was no evidence to suggest she 'd ever been willingly involved . 
 yet his mind insisted on conjuring up images of her betrayal . 
 in reality it came down to the toss of a coin , and until he found her it would remain so . 
 l'armin ran a hand across the top of his head , pulling some of the ruffled skin back as he removed a build-up of sweat . 
 `` i believe we keep all room information in the central computer . 
 visitor records are stored there , '' he finally said . 
 `` then i guess we 'll start with that , '' nate replied , waving ahead . 
 it was n't much , but it was enough for them to focus on for the time being . 
 they continued into the hotel , through the door helen had used after meeting with the killer . 
 nate had used it himself before . 
 except what had happened since then made it feel like a lifetime ago . 
 it was as unfamiliar to him now as it had been the first time he 'd used it . 
 through the door was a large bar area that served various selections of brightly coloured beverages , all lined up behind . 
 it housed a row of booths at the back , separated by shoulder high walls that served as private areas for the more serious drinkers . 
 the small tables that filled the gap between the booths at the back and the bar at the front were all empty , except for a few used glasses . 
 the lighting was dim , creating a more intimate atmosphere than that by the pool . 
 still only the private areas were in use . 
 whichever corner of the galaxy those currently frequenting the bar were from , it seemed they still preferred to drink in much the same way as nate : isolated , with nothing but a bottle and a glass for company . 
 behind the bar stood the proud choice of well-lit bottles nate had noticed upon entering . 
 beverages of all colours and viscosities were on display , hailing from all reaches of known space . 
 his attention was immediately drawn to them in much the same way it had with the two underwater creatures at the pool . 
 they were unlike anything he had seen before . 
 some were even moving of their own accord , not something he would expect in a human bar . 
 unfortunately , the same could not be said of the autonomous drinks dispenser on wheels that purported to be the barkeep . 
 he was very much used to these bar room abominations . 
 cheap labourers they may well be , but they just could n't hold a candle to a real person . 
 a sentiment compounded by the fact that only one of the two could actually hold a candle . 
 and this one was no exception . 
 it served drinks by standing next to the person ordering with its serving hatch open . 
 no attempts at working limbs had been made . 
 as nate made his way through the canyon of tables that stood in his way , he kept a curious eye on the bar area . 
 for some reason it had him curious . 
 it was unusual for him to focus on such an unrelated detail . 
 especially now that something so much more important was going on . 
 it was n't until a figure skulking at the far corner of the bar blocked his view , that he realised what had really caught his attention . 
 colourful drinks and irritating autonomous bar staff aside , he 'd seen something . 
 a familiar face , he just could n't tell whose . 
 when the man turned slightly and downed the rest of his drink , he was sure . 
 it was him . 
 the killer was at the bar . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 nate gave no reply as he stopped suddenly and stared . 
 his attention was solely on the man who now searched his pockets for a means of payment , completely oblivious to the danger coming his way . 
 something inside told him to approach slowly , to sneak up on the serpentine bastard while he rummaged for change and take him by surprise . 
 unfortunately , a much louder voice screamed at him to attack fast and hard , and unleash a well-timed left hook at the same time . 
 without any warning to cameron he leapt into action and charged at the man as fast as his legs allowed . 
 within seconds he found himself engulfed by a wave of tables as he hurtled forward , scattering everything in his path across the floor in one tremendous crash . 
 it happened so much quicker than he 'd planned . 
 before he knew it , he had a handful of the man 's clothing crumpled up in his fists , with no idea what to do next . 
 `` who the fuck are you , '' he growled into his victim 's greasy and blue tinted face . 
 the man replied with a gurgle , his eyes bulging with panic . 
 not at all the reaction nate was expecting . 
 there were no retaliatory swings of fists or opportunistic kicks to the shins . 
 just fear . 
 `` who paid you to kill me ? '' 
 nate continued , ignoring the obvious signs that this was not the man he first thought . 
 an overwhelming wave of frustration forced his balled-up fist back , coiled and ready to strike . 
 the reaction had him stymied and with a growing pressure in his arm that had nowhere to go . 
 he was barely seconds away from letting it loose on the man 's , not at all scaly skinned , face when he noticed someone was holding it back . 
 all he could think about doing was landing his knuckles into the man 's angled and leathery chin , but he could n't . 
 the similarities had gradually faded , leaving him angry and with nowhere to aim it . 
 he fought the person holding him back and quickly found there was strength there that he did n't possess , and just could n't overcome . 
 `` sir , '' cameron shouted . 
 nate suddenly snapped out of his rage and looked to cameron , who tightly gripped his forearm , suspending the fist in the air . 
 if not for his companion 's quick reaction , it would have continued on its mindless quest for vengeance and harmed an innocent man . 
 `` it 's him , '' he said . 
 `` who ? '' 
 cameron replied with a perplexed look on his face . 
 `` the killer . '' 
 the unwelcome sense of doubt that had appeared only strengthened as nate ran the man 's smooth textured clothing through his fingers . 
 it was n't at all rough and rope like as he 'd been expecting . 
 he 'd been certain a moment ago that this was the same man he 'd seen with helen . 
 but that moment had since passed , along with his confidence . 
 now he found himself raising an innocent man almost off of his feet , after very nearly launching him across the room . 
 he dared not look at the man now that his anger had subsided . 
 `` i thought he was ... '' nate tried to finish his sentence but could n't . 
 instead it caught in his throat and refused to come out . 
 `` maybe you should let him go , sir . '' 
 l'armin stood behind cameron with a hand raised to his mouth in shock . 
 `` mr cameron is right nathan . 
 that man has committed no crimes against you . 
 i saw the man you seek . 
 this is not him . '' 
 nate met the man 's frightened and confused eyes and immediately let go , which prompted cameron to do the same with nate 's arm . 
 the man landed awkwardly on a barstool and nearly slid straight off before eventually steadying himself . 
 his eyes locked onto his attacker 's , but the intensity faltered only seconds later , prompting him to quickly look away . 
 when nate tried to pat the man 's clothing down flat , his arms leapt up to his chest in defence . 
 he was clearly confused and was looking to each of them in turn for an explanation . 
 none of them had one and any attempts to set him straight only served to upset him further . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't ... '' nate said , facing away in shame . 
 the man hurriedly dusted himself off , before scurrying away with a cautious look back every few steps . 
 while he wandered off he continued to murmur in his own language , still sounding like a person gargling mouthwash . 
 even though the words were unintelligible , their meanings were still easy to interpret . 
 no translator was required to work out the man was probably saying something offensive . 
 nate did n't mind that as much as not having a chance to explain himself . 
 the temper that had burst out of him surprised him as much as everyone else . 
 as soon as the man was out of sight nate slumped down onto a barstool . 
 his body hunched over the bar for support , causing the railing to dig into his chest . 
 after all of the adrenaline had flushed away , it left him feeling weak and shaking . 
 his fingers pulsed as they tightly gripped the sticky surface of the bar counter in front of him . 
 he could feel the layers of dried drink adhere to his fingertips as they rested there . 
 what was wrong with him ? 
 the last few minutes had come out of nowhere . 
 he was n't a violent man , normally . 
 yet as he stared at his reflection in the coloured bottles , he was surprised to see a dangerous rage in the face that looked back . 
 he was then disturbed by how familiar it seemed . 
 cameron took the stool next to him and asked the talking drinks machine for a glass of water . 
 it replied in a synthetic voice that contained not even an ounce of acknowledgement of what had just occurred in its bar . 
 `` human . 
 english language . 
 water . 
 acknowledged , '' it said through a tiny speaker in its gleaming metal face . 
 after its pre-programmed responses had been entirely ignored by cameron and nate , it continued to process the order . 
 a series of mechanical clunking noises from its internal workings then followed , until it served the glass through the infamous serving hatch in its midriff . 
 cameron took the drink and set it down gently on the bar . 
 he then watched as nate immediately picked it up and began to slurp the water gratefully -- but in no way gracefully . 
 then rather than following with a blitz of questions he waited patiently for nate to talk first . 
 `` i swear it looked just like him . '' 
 a tiny trail of water zigzagged down nate 's chin as he spoke . 
 cameron 's left eyebrow raised suddenly , almost as though it were trying to reach for the ceiling . 
 `` you -- '' `` can i interest you in a cocktail ? '' 
 the bar-bot interrupted . 
 `` do you mind , '' cameron snapped back at its lifeless face . 
 `` you two saw him in there did n't you ? '' 
 he finished , as the barkeep returned to its default standby mode . 
 nate sent a quick glance over to l'armin , who nodded his approval . 
 `` yes , '' nate said . 
 `` but there 's more to it than that . 
 we saw who we think could be behind it all as well . '' 
 cameron 's face widened . 
 `` you 're shitting me . '' 
 `` no . 
 and if we find helen , i think we can do something about it . '' 
 `` then i 'll find her for you , sir . 
 give me half an hour . 
 stay here and do n't attack anyone for a bit . '' 
 cameron leapt up from his barstool and sped off out of the bar , surprising nate and l'armin with the energy he appeared to have stored up in his body . 
 he was a completely new man and one with a mission he was not going to fail at . 
 the same was n't quite as certain for nate , who was struggling to stay as professional as he wanted -- as proven by his outburst . 
 his anger had appeared suddenly once again . 
 it bobbed about just below the surface , ready and waiting to jump out . 
 the next time it did , he was n't so sure he or cameron would be able to stop it . 
 although with helen stood in front of him , he suspected his reaction might be the complete opposite . 
 whichever way it went he certainly would n't be able to control it . 
 his emotions were roaming free . 
 if she was in fact in on the whole thing , could he trust himself not to break down right there and then in front of her ? 
 only time would tell and he knew it was n't going to be long before he would find out . 
 chapter 13 the bar was now empty and nate 's water had become much warmer than he liked . 
 he continued to take frugal sips of it anyway , just to keep his mouth from drying out completely . 
 it was always too much to expect things to be exactly as he wanted , and no ice was the least of his problems . 
 something much more troubling was only minutes away . 
 he slowly wiped his forehead with the palm of his hand . 
 a stowaway drop of water from his drink was smeared across his skin , leaving a pleasing layer of dampness behind . 
 it lasted a short while before evaporating away . 
 it had been almost twenty-five minutes since cameron had disembarked on his solo quest to find helen . 
 he would make light work of scouring the hotel for her , nate was sure . 
 convincing her to follow him , on the other hand , would be an altogether much trickier affair . 
 she would quickly come to dislike him more if he pushed her too much . 
 l'armin watched nate curiously , though not very discreetly , while nurturing his own drink . 
 when nate had occasionally looked to the bar entrance to see if cameron had returned , he 'd quickly turned away and concentrated on his glass . 
 he was unaware he 'd been caught each time . 
 since cameron had left they 'd waited in almost unbroken silence , allowing nate the time to fully consider what l'armin had told him . 
 he still found it hard to believe that the ring beings were nothing more than a cover story ; all one huge lie to conceal the ability l'armin 's race possessed . 
 it was such a monumental achievement to have kept it going for so long . 
 so why take such a huge risk by revealing it to someone only visiting for the weekend ? 
 even though telling him was surely a sign of trust , he 'd grown concerned with how he 'd found out . 
 had he pushed l'armin into revealing the truth ? 
 if so would there be repercussions for his friend for telling him ? 
 part of him wished he 'd simply gone along with it and not questioned things at all . 
 if he had they would be in the same position , except the secret would still be locked away under l'armin 's watchful eye . 
 only now was nate beginning to grasp the severity of what he knew . 
 the blindfold that had hidden the reality of the ring beings from him had been removed and he could finally see them for what they really were . 
 but in doing so l'armin had revealed his people 's vulnerabilities . 
 he 'd given up so much more than originally intended during their time together . 
 the one reassuring aspect of it all was the unspoken trust they shared . 
 there was no doubt in nate 's mind that l'armin and his people were his friends and they would do him no harm . 
 his discretion was all they wanted in return . 
 knowing the truth meant he would have to tread carefully from now on . 
 no-one else needed to find out , especially from him . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 nate said to break the silence , which was quickly becoming uncomfortable . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` why did you tell me the truth about the ring beings ? 
 i mean i 'm grateful for your help and all , but why tell me ? '' 
 l'armin wriggled in his seat . 
 either he 'd become uncomfortable or nate 's question had surprised him . 
 he looked beyond the bar and became still . 
 after a short wait he nodded his head to no-one and then turned in his chair to face nate head on . 
 it was obvious he 'd been silently communicating with others of his race again . 
 `` i should n't have , '' he replied . 
 `` my intention was only to help you find the killer . 
 we are a peaceful people and have been for centuries . 
 but i saw a way in which we could help you . 
 a way in which our ability could be used properly . '' 
 `` does anyone else know ? '' 
 `` they do not . 
 my people were afraid to tell you . 
 they were afraid to help you as well , at first . '' 
 `` so what changed their minds ? '' 
 `` i did , '' l'armin said . 
 `` i showed them the goodness in your memories . 
 apart from the destructive nature of your work , that is . '' 
 nate put his hands up to acknowledge the disapproving tone in l'armin 's voice . 
 `` we trust that you will not reveal our secret because your past experiences tell us so . 
 our gift was once used solely to help others . '' 
 l'armin paused for a moment before continuing . 
 `` something many of us miss . '' 
 nate was about to reply with another question when a voice interrupted . 
 `` nate , '' someone called out from the other side of the room . 
 they both soon spotted helen heading toward them , with cameron in tow and a concerned look on her face . 
 she weaved a complex path through the tables and chairs -- some of which lay upside down after nate 's earlier rampage -- as she raced forward . 
 when she finally reached them she threw her arms around nate and nearly knocked him off the chair . 
 her body smacked into his , sending a rush of heat through his centre . 
 she then proceeded to grip him far too tightly . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` cameron said something bad happened to you during the festival . 
 i was really worried . 
 are you ok ? '' 
 nate did n't know where to start . 
 even if he did the words could n't form on his tongue with it stuck to the bridge of his mouth . 
 the dryness had returned yet none of the anger had . 
 what appeared instead surprised him , at first . 
 it felt good to rest his head against her , if only for a second or two . 
 having her there with him was a tremendous relief . 
 soon it was all he cared about . 
 nothing else interested him anymore , he just wanted to stay there . 
 he enjoyed the moment of peace in her arms more than he thought he ever could . 
 but before he knew it , it was over and he was suddenly expected to say something . 
 when she moved away and held him at arm 's length his mind refocused . 
 it all came flooding back , and with more force than before . 
 `` what have you been doing since we got here ? '' 
 he said . 
 helen let go and stepped back . 
 the question had caught her by surprise . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why ? '' 
 she looked to cameron and l'armin helplessly , immediately making nate regret his choice of tone . 
 `` i just need to know . 
 what did stuart ask you to do here ? '' 
 her arms flopped down , like the air had been let out of her . 
 `` he told me to look after you . 
 what 's going on ? 
 what 's this all about ? '' 
 `` tell me why you met with a stranger by the pool the other night ? '' 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 she said , raising her voice slightly . 
 `` just tell me . '' 
 she did n't speak , she just stared back at him . 
 the longer she did the more nate could see tiny creases forming in the corners of her eyes . 
 was she trying to detect a crack in his demeanour ? 
 perhaps even trying to break his confidence ? 
 for whatever reason , it made him feel as nauseated as zero-gravity did . 
 he knew he had to get the truth out of her whatever . 
 but the sight of angry lines across her face as she glared at him was something he never wanted to see again . 
 his accusing tone had turned the conversation on its head . 
 it now ventured into unknown territory for the both of them . 
 the closest they 'd ever come to a confrontation before was during an argument about which action holo-movie was the best . 
 he 'd conceded defeat on that occasion . 
 finally she made a move and crossed her arms in a brazen act of defiance . 
 it was a confrontational pose that nate had no idea how to interpret . 
 was it out of a feeling of guilt , or because of being accused of something ? 
 even though he had n't directly accused her of anything yet . 
 whichever it was she 'd picked up on his accusing tone and was poised , ready to fight -- even if he was n't . 
 `` i do n't see why that 's any of your business , nathan , '' she said . 
 nathan . 
 only his mother had said his name in such a way when she 'd chided him for being naughty as a young boy . 
 he was n't the one on trial , regardless of how he was being made to feel . 
 his confidence began to turn inside out as it imploded in a frenzy of panic and worry . 
 `` please helen , it 's important , '' he said , less adversarial than before . 
 `` fine , '' she replied . 
 nate was sure he would never want to be up against her in business . 
 she showed an admirable ruthlessness , which in the face of his accusing tone had hunkered down for the coming storm . 
 she was n't giving anything away . 
 `` stuart asked me to give the guy some paperwork . 
 what on earth is so interesting about that ? 
 and why is it so bloody important to you ? '' 
 she said . 
 the sides of nate 's head began to throb . 
 he could feel his temples pulsating from a sudden rush of blood . 
 without thinking he opened his mouth wide and let whatever words he could find just bellow out of him . 
 the floodgates no longer held back the torrent . 
 `` because that guy tried to fucking kill me , '' he said . 
 helen froze on the spot , unable to react while the sentence slowly sunk in . 
 after a second or two she raised her right hand to cover her mouth . 
 yet there was no angry stare or defensive posture this time , only a blank face that had lost its colour . 
 no armour remained , it seemed he 'd stripped her of it entirely . 
 as soon as the words had left nate 's mouth , he 'd regretted them . 
 he 'd wanted to break it to her gently , not shout it at her in a blind temper . 
 he was having a hard enough time sustaining his own confidence , the last thing he needed was to shatter hers . 
 `` no , '' she said , as her eyes began to well up . 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it is , '' l'armin said , having sensed the tension had built up a little too much . 
 `` we each saw it happen . '' 
 he gestured to cameron . 
 `` why would he do that ? 
 why would anyone try to hurt you ? '' 
 helen said , still half covering her mouth . 
 nate could n't take his eyes off of her . 
 her entire body had been rocked by his words and no longer stood as straight as before . 
 he could see that her hands had begun to shake ever so slightly too . 
 again his anger had burst through unexpectedly . 
 it had required all of his remaining energy this time to prevent it from escaping entirely . 
 he only wished he could lock it away deep inside of himself and never let it see the light of day again . 
 the stress he 'd suffered had allowed his emotions far too much freedom of late . 
 still his outburst had at least served its purpose , however unplanned it had been . 
 the reaction he watched was exactly what he needed to see and to hear from her . 
 there was obvious pain in her words , she did n't want to see him dead after all . 
 `` the guy just strolled in and then , bang . '' 
 cameron slapped his hands together to reinforce his point . 
 his tactless description appeared to shoot through helen like a shock-wave . 
 she jumped on the spot , then raised her left hand to her mouth to join the other . 
 `` jesus , nate are you ok ? '' 
 the words were slightly muffled by her hands again , as they hovered in front . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he replied . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 did he miss ? '' 
 nate moved his sweaty hands off of his knees and revealed two damp patches where they 'd rested on his trousers . 
 he rubbed them against his temple in an attempt to ease a pressure which refused to dissipate . 
 what he really wanted to dull it with was locked behind the mobile bartender that wiped down the bar ; a fruitless attempt at looking like it belonged there . 
 any of the glowing bottles would have sufficed . 
 he could lock himself away and drink the entire day out of existence , replacing it with nothing but darkness . 
 much like the assassin had done to his once treasured memory . 
 cameron decided to answer helen 's question , seeing as nate was finding solace in the prospect of destroying half his brain cells with alcohol . 
 `` there was another nate -- '' he looked at nate before correcting himself . 
 `` mr. maddox i mean . 
 he shot the wrong one . '' 
 `` thank god , '' helen said . 
 `` did you catch this man ? '' 
 she shot a scornful look at cameron . 
 `` you are supposed to be a body guard , right ? '' 
 `` yes ma'am . 
 but no i -- '' `` you let him get away ? 
 you really are useless , do you know that ? '' 
 helen snapped , cutting cameron off mid-sentence . 
 `` i think you should start looking for another job when we get back . '' 
 nate could n't listen any more , he wanted to tell her to leave cameron alone . 
 but he could n't shake off the feeling that she 'd deliberately steered the questioning away from herself . 
 `` did you know about any of this or not ? '' 
 he said , almost without thinking this time . 
 cameron immediately dropped his attempt at defending himself , even though his now reddened face suggested he severely wanted to continue . 
 instead the room settled into an uncomfortable quiet as the question hung in the air . 
 this was surely it for their relationship , nate told himself as he tried in vain to breathe calmly . 
 she would never forgive him for asking the question . 
 but it had to be asked . 
 he had to hear her say that she was n't involved , even if it cost him dearly . 
 only his heart seemed to disagree as he felt it begin almost jumping around inside his chest . 
 he was certain he could hear it too . 
 `` what ? 
 how could you ... i would never ... '' helen said , moving closer once more . 
 with no more than half a metre between them , nate could see the toll his question had taken on her . 
 her cheeks drooped at the sides as she wrestled with the obvious turmoil that beset her entire body . 
 the longer she took to process nate 's question , the more he could see himself reflected in her tear filled eyes . 
 `` we saw you hand the guy a piece of paper . 
 did you know what it said ? '' 
 nate continued softly for fear of shattering her into a million pieces . 
 his own eyes began to feel damp at the idea of hurting her . 
 `` no . 
 it said nothing , just numbers . 
 nothing important . '' 
 he could tell by the way her voice wavered that she was desperately holding the rest of the tears back . 
 they lie in wait behind a crumbling wall that he was dismantling one brick at a time , with each word he said . 
 if he pulled out the right brick , the rest would collapse . 
 `` did stuart tell you anything ? '' 
 he said . 
 her tears subsided for a second . 
 `` stuart ? 
 what 's he got to do with it ? '' 
 nate turned to cameron and l'armin who both watched with an intense interest . 
 neither of them said a word . 
 he was on his own this time . 
 `` he 's the lying , cheating bastard behind all of this , '' he said . 
 `` holy shit , '' cameron exclaimed . 
 `` i saw it with my own eyes . 
 he 's wanted me out of the way for years , '' nate continued . 
 he chose to ignore cameron 's interruption and focus only on helen . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 she began to shake her head as the words came out . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 he planned the whole thing so he could take control of the company . 
 helen , just listen to me . '' 
 `` i wo n't listen , i wo n't . 
 he would n't do such a thing , '' she said , refusing to look at him . 
 while still shaking her head she covered her ears and closed her eyes . 
 she then began to repeat the same words over and over again : `` he would n't , '' she said . 
 the wall was rebuilding each time she refused to listen . 
 nate grabbed her by the arms . 
 `` helen . 
 stop it , please , '' he said . 
 she did n't respond . 
 he pulled her arms down and away from her ears . 
 but she immediately yanked them out of his grip and clamped them back into place , blocking everything out again . 
 it was no good , she 'd become determined to wipe out any signs of his presence . 
 finally he decided to reach for her and pull her into him . 
 he wanted to console her and doubted he could get through by using words alone anymore . 
 she was wound up tight and ready to snap . 
 he just was n't expecting her to snap so suddenly . 
 once close enough she instinctively unleashed her right hand , which made contact with his face soon after . 
 before he could determine what happened the noise from her slap had already echoed around half the room , and his head . 
 he placed his hand over the point of impact , which began to sting sharply with a building heat . 
 helen breathed in quick successions , while resting her hand in the other and cradling it like an injured animal . 
 it had clearly hurt her palm as much as it had nate 's face . 
 still she looked immensely angry with lines on her face where before there had been none . 
 the energy she had suddenly expended appeared to have lessened the intensity only slightly . 
 she 'd surprised nate with the amount of force she 'd managed to put into the slap . 
 he had no idea she possessed such strength , mentally as well as physically . 
 it had totally shocked him . 
 but somehow it was also a comfort to know she could keep herself safe when needed . 
 the killer was n't as much of a threat to her as he initially thought . 
 as they stood tending their wounds a thought struck nate , thankfully much less painfully than helen had . 
 he realised that there remained only one way of proving what he 'd seen . 
 they needed to catch the killer . 
 `` i know it 's hard to believe , '' he began . 
 `` you 're damn right it is . '' 
 helen wiped the lingering layer of moisture from her eyes . 
 `` how could y -- '' `` but i can show you , '' he just managed to say before she could continue . 
 nate 's comment had struck a curious chord in her . 
 suddenly her posture snapped back up to attention . 
 the prospect of evidence ignited something in her that instantly retracted her claws and eased her tears . 
 proof was obtainable and more importantly , undeniable . 
 it was the only way of convincing her , once and for all . 
 in his mind a plan was forming that he thought simple enough . 
 for it to work , however , he would need her complete trust . 
 which was something he knew he 'd have a hard time earning back . 
 `` just hear me out , ok ? '' 
 he spoke as softly as he could . 
 helen squinted and then looked down at the floor . 
 she stared at the carpet in silence . 
 either she had found a new -- and badly timed -- interest in décor or she was considering her options . 
 nate took a few moments to do the same . 
 he ran through them in his head as best as he could . 
 if he knew her as well as he thought then the options would come down to only three . 
 the first would be to leave and put it all down to something like substance abuse , and move on without nate in her life . 
 if only it were that simple , he thought . 
 he was acutely aware that he could never live with this choice , let alone her . 
 the second would be to go along with him until a chance arrived for her to contact stuart and tell him about nate 's paranoid delusions . 
 the third on the other hand -- the one he knew she would surely take -- was to see it through and decide after the evidence had been presented . 
 unfortunately , he would n't find out for sure which of the last two options she 'd chosen until it was already too late . 
 in this instance the plan would be as dead as his double . 
 `` ok , '' she finally said . 
 `` but if it is n't concrete proof , then i 'm leaving . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 nate tried to put his hand on her shoulder but she quickly moved away . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry for asking you if -- '' `` no , '' she barked , surprising nate . 
 `` you do n't get to just apologise . 
 i hate you for thinking i 'd be involved in this ... live with it . '' 
 before he had a chance to continue , helen walked off toward the exit . 
 her involvement in his little scheme was clearly going to happen on her terms . 
 no rank , title or superiority mattered a damn now . 
 it was all about the proof , everything else was on hold . 
 the dynamics of their relationship had changed faster than most of nate 's recent ones had lasted . 
 and yet this was the one he held most dear and the one he wanted desperately to cling onto . 
 the prospect of losing her left him empty , just like during his divorce . 
 he quickly realised there was more at stake than he liked to admit . 
 cameron swivelled in his chair to face nate . 
 he leaned in to speak , with his arm outstretched across the bar . 
 `` stuart 's behind this ? '' 
 nate nodded with a look of guilt on his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you first . '' 
 `` no worries , '' cameron said . 
 `` sir , '' he hastened to add . 
 `` we 're going to get the killer and stuart , if my idea works . 
 i know you 'll want to help me after the way he 's been with you . '' 
 `` damn right . 
 i 'd love to nail that prick . '' 
 cameron stopped suddenly . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 `` do not be concerned cameron , '' l'armin said . 
 `` we have seen the disrespectful way in which stuart has treated you . '' 
 `` and i will make sure he does n't in future . 
 to anyone , '' nate added . 
 `` how did ... you know what , i 'll take your word on that , '' cameron said as he waved his arms , disregarding the obvious question he really wanted to ask . 
 `` so what 's your idea ? '' 
 `` first . '' 
 nate pointed to the exit helen had disappeared through . 
 `` we need helen back . '' 
 cameron rocketed out of his seat and stood to attention , ready for action . 
 `` i 'm on it boss , '' he said before speeding away and quickly vanishing once again . 
 the first request was easy . 
 nate 's second , however , would require far more from the person he needed to ask . 
 he reluctantly turned to l'armin and after a few seconds considering how best to word his request , he spoke . 
 `` i 'm going to need another favour i 'm afraid , '' he said . 
 l'armin raised his eyebrows higher than humanly possible . 
 it sent a wave of extra ruffles through the skin atop his head that stopped just out of sight , somewhere around the back . 
 he stayed like this as he listened . 
 nate continued to explain his plan as carefully as he could . 
 it was risky , but it was the best he 'd been able to conjure up in such a short amount of time . 
 yet with enough luck , he was sure they could pull it off . 
 chapter 14 a glass smashed as it landed against the concrete floor at the back of the bar . 
 the yellow eyed man who 'd been drinking from it a second earlier stood , pushed his shoulders back and lifted his chin as high as he could to the large , greasy skinned creature that had chosen to knock over the drink . 
 the latter towered above the yellow eyed man with a snarling mouth half open , revealing a row of sharp , shark like teeth . 
 the two stood locked in a stare until the smaller man decided to make the first move . 
 he pulled away , narrowly avoiding a lumbering swing of hammer like fists from his foe . 
 as he did he appeared to remove something shiny from his side with an enviable speed . 
 in one fluid and unbroken movement the smaller man spun around 180 degrees , slashing his blade across the larger man 's belly , and then finished off with a violent backwards thrust , sending his weapon straight into his enemy 's exposed chest . 
 the large man fell heavily onto his knees , his face aghast at what had just befallen him . 
 he clutched the protruding blade as he flopped onto his side . 
 then with one last escaping breath to bid the world farewell , he was gone . 
 the argument had been settled before it had even started . 
 the smaller man removed his dagger and wiped it on his enemy 's sleeveless and unbuttoned utility jacket . 
 their quarry had been settled the only way that mattered in this place : with violence . 
 soon after the smaller man was ordering another drink . 
 he hardly looked phased at all by what he 'd just done . 
 simply another day at the office it seemed . 
 `` what a shit-hole , '' cameron said . 
 he stared down at the body , now surrounded by a pool of orange liquid that threatened to stain his shoes . 
 `` why would you have come here of all places ? '' 
 the question was n't one nate particularly fancied answering . 
 he was n't even sure he could , at least not without them seeing him differently afterwards . 
 this was a chapter in his life that was never pleasant for him to recall . 
 he looked around the room at surroundings that were both familiar and threatening to him . 
 he thought he 'd managed to wipe this time from his memory , and never thought he 'd end up revisiting it on purpose . 
 except it appeared the perfect place to carry out his plan . 
 at least it had earlier when l'armin had entered his head and found it . 
 the walls told a million stories similar to the one they had just witnessed . 
 stains of god knows what ran up and down them in streaks and dried blotches . 
 this bar was light-years away from the one in his hotel , both in distance and appearance . 
 each visiting patron carried significant mental baggage that undoubtedly had driven them on from one place to another , before finally dumping them in this most unwelcoming of establishments . 
 it was n't much of a stretch of the imagination to assume they were all fairly dangerous , too . 
 this was not a place people chose to drink in but one they found themselves drinking in . 
 a place where no order prevailed but that of self-preservation and the survival of the most aggressive . 
 `` i have to agree with mr cameron , this place is indeed displeasing . '' 
 l'armin stuck closely to cameron . 
 `` this was a bad time for me , '' nate said , as if that were enough . 
 the three of them stood unwilling to touch or even approach a table , for fear of catching something ungodly . 
 the same could not be said for those who sat at them . 
 they appeared quite happy to cavort in the depravity of what passed as the bar area . 
 nate could see a weapon hanging from most of the occupant 's belts or tucked into their trousers . 
 he was amazed he had n't died in one of these places . 
 past the bar area , the room opened up into three rows of large glass cubes with two seats bolted down in front of each . 
 some were engulfed by groups of cheering spectators : a rag tag selection of different species , not one of which were human . 
 the others sat idle , except for bright displays above that beckoned to anyone willing to lose their cash . 
 nate remembered these machines well , he 'd lost enough money on them himself . 
 `` so what 's the plan again , sir ? '' 
 cameron asked , with one hand never more than an inch or two from his side-arm . 
 if the three of them were actually there , it was certain they would have drawn more attention than was safe . 
 nate searched the area past the bar but could n't locate his younger self anywhere . 
 his memory was being tested well in this place , he could n't remember where he would be at all . 
 there were two incidents in this place that cowered in the naughty corner of his subconscious . 
 but which was this ? 
 was it the first where he 'd been kicked to the floor and mugged for looking at someone in a funny way ? 
 or was this the second , where he 'd caused a little trouble with the management ? 
 it was important to establish which , because the latter had left him with much more than a scarred memory . 
 he rubbed his side while remembering a knife being dragged across his flesh . 
 all he could hope for was that this turned out to be the first of the two incidents . 
 he had no real desire to see either of them , but at least he 'd received only a mild beating in that one . 
 he quickly shook off the feeling before addressing cameron 's question . 
 `` we 're setting a trap in here . '' 
 `` yeah , you said before . 
 but how exactly , '' cameron replied . 
 `` right , so helen should now be explaining to stuart that my visit has been a little odd . 
 she 'll then tell him i had a strange experience during the festival . '' 
 `` the guy trying to kill you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but she 'll make it sound like we thought it was n't real and that we 're trying again . 
 stuart should make contact with the killer and tell him to try again too , seeing as no-one suspects anything . '' 
 `` and we 'll be ready to catch the bastard when he tries , '' cameron said . 
 `` exactly . 
 that does mean one thing , though . '' 
 cameron 's premature excitement vanished suddenly as he waited for nate to continue . 
 `` this guy will be hidden until he tries to kill me . 
 so you need to be vigilant . 
 i mean really vigilant . 
 i do n't want to go through this , only to find out we 've only made his job easier . 
 ok ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` are you positive you have judged miss helen correctly , '' l'armin said , as someone much larger unceremoniously pushed him aside . 
 `` we can trust her . '' 
 except nate was n't as sure as he wanted to be . 
 their relationship had stalled and there was nothing he could do to restart it . 
 until he had some kind of proof in his hands , their friendship was left waiting for a tow . 
 a group from one of the glass cube machines finished their game with a roar and set about barging their way to the bar . 
 l'armin was nearly lost in their superior numbers and height . 
 they failed to spot him at all as they almost trampled him underfoot . 
 the three of them regained their composure and relocated to a quieter spot near an empty machine . 
 they were finally now far enough away from the rowdy group , who had entirely commandeered the bar area , to stand unhindered . 
 there they were granted a better view of the machines and the holographic fighters that were entombed inside the glass cubes , awaiting their next battle . 
 `` woah , this thing 's neat , '' cameron said , as he fiddled with the control system . 
 the fighters ignored his input , but a line of strange looking letters scrolled above them , floating in mid-air . 
 `` they need credits to work . '' 
 nate tapped a slot on the side of the machine . 
 cameron 's face suddenly broke into a smirk . 
 `` you 've used one of these ? '' 
 his expression suggested he was impressed . 
 `` unfortunately yes . 
 for a few weeks this place was where i chose to make my money . 
 on these machines . 
 not something i 'm proud of . '' 
 `` why were n't you working for your father ? '' 
 `` because , cameron , at 18 i thought i knew better than my father and went in search of a dream . 
 only that dream went south pretty quickly as i found out the galaxy did n't work the way i thought it did . 
 this was one of the delightful establishments i ended up in , with some very questionable people . 
 thankfully i eventually crawled back to the family business , where i stayed put . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure you really need me here then , sir . 
 sounds like you can handle yourself pretty well , '' cameron said . 
 his mouth widened even further , pushing his cheeks up slightly . 
 nate replied with a small and momentary smile . 
 the lights above them flickered for a few seconds as the power fluctuated , another sign of the buildings dilapidated state . 
 no doubt the power was being syphoned from another business anyway , nate surmised . 
 he knew he had never belonged in such a place . 
 the noise in the room had built up since the group had taken residence around the bar area . 
 the three of them were by all accounts trapped with no clear eye-line to the rift entrance . 
 nate suddenly felt worried that the killer had already entered without them seeing him . 
 it called for a second relocation , this time to a raised area where a couple of drunks were arguing in some unknown and aggressive tongue . 
 `` this is perfect , '' he said . 
 with his unbroken view of the rift restored , nate relaxed a little . 
 the plan was beginning to come together in his mind . 
 the raised area would be perfect to display himself to anyone that entered . 
 the killer would spot him straight away and try to get to him . 
 but cameron and l'armin would be hidden in plain sight among the drinking crowds . 
 excellent , he thought as he padded his pockets . 
 cameron had been kind enough to arm him earlier and he was well aware that this was his real back-up . 
 despite the weapons rather minuscule size , it was powerful enough to make up for the seconds it would take for cameron to act . 
 seconds in which it could all be over . 
 `` shit , '' nate suddenly shouted . 
 his calmness had proven all too temporary . 
 cameron instinctively burst to life , ready to take down the nearest person . 
 he raised his arms but had nothing to attack . 
 the people around were no threat . 
 after a quick scan of the area he dropped his fists and looked to nate . 
 from the beginning they had agreed upon one thing that was never to be changed . 
 helen was to be left out until the killer had been apprehended , not before . 
 he 'd made this perfectly clear . 
 and yet here she was walking among the worst beings the galaxy had managed to shit out . 
 a stubborn flower beset by a post-apocalyptic backdrop . 
 she wandered around searching . 
 when she spotted their group , she immediately changed direction to meet them . 
 this was the last thing he wanted to see . 
 nate 's heart raced as he made the necessary changes to the plan , quickly deciding she would have to be hidden with l'armin . 
 they had to be out of sight . 
 he had to concentrate on not getting himself killed first and foremost . 
 with helen now in the mix , he knew it could prove a dangerous distraction . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? '' 
 nate demanded . 
 `` i need to see this , '' she replied . 
 `` i told stuart what you said . 
 now i want to see for myself what comes of it . '' 
 `` fine . 
 you can watch with l'armin , from over there . '' 
 nate pointed to the far wall , as far away from the raised area as possible . 
 `` no way -- '' . 
 `` listen , helen . '' 
 nate broke her sentence in half like a thin twig between his fingers . 
 `` this guy is going to try to kill me . 
 i 'm not letting you anywhere near him . '' 
 after a few seconds deliberating , she replied . 
 `` ok . 
 so what is this place anyway ? '' 
 tactfully shifting the conversation . 
 `` it 's not important right now . 
 i 'll tell you about it another time . 
 now this is what 's going to happen . '' 
 thankfully for nate , she took his tone as the sign to stop talking he had meant it to be . 
 she stood waiting for instructions as the plan was put into action . 
 `` cameron . 
 i want you standing with these people . '' 
 nate tapped the arm of a man in a small group at the steps of the raised area . 
 `` the killer needs to think you 're part of the illusion or he 'll make a run for it . '' 
 `` right . 
 he 'll know i 'm real when i shove this in his face . '' 
 cameron pulled his pistol out of the holster and waved it about like a gun-toting cowboy . 
 thankfully he 'd stopped short of firing a few shots into the ceiling as well . 
 they all stared at him , temporarily bemused by his over-enthusiasm . 
 `` great , just do n't shoot him unless you think he 's about to fire , '' nate felt compelled to say . 
 cameron nodded and dropped his gun to his side , as if disappointed . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 helen asked . 
 nate looked to the rift entrance . 
 `` we wait , '' he said , knowing full well his world could end the next time it was used . 
 the next two hours were the worst nate had ever experienced , as he waited for his killer to arrive . 
 he 'd watched as a large crowd formed over by the glass cube machines . 
 they 'd taken up so much of his time in the past that he still remembered every single noise they made as people bet their credits away . 
 he quite enjoyed hearing the cheers and boos from those using them too . 
 small disagreements were still occurring between the scourges that occupied the bar , kicking up the level of noise every few minutes . 
 but each was quickly settled one way or another . 
 the tension was high , as it had always been . 
 he knew well that within a heartbeat the room could descend into anarchy , only to return to normality before the next . 
 all of this was happening as his younger self bet his only money away on the machines . 
 he 'd spotted the long , dirty haired stick of a man he 'd once been , scurrying about under people 's noses earlier . 
 it had proven too hard for him not to watch himself dicing with death . 
 like tiny scavengers , he and his accomplices moved among much larger creatures that could squash them under their thumbs , if they became too much of a nuisance . 
 nate sat at a small round table in the raised area he had chosen , no more than three steps up from the rest of the room . 
 he tried not to look over to the rift entrance in an obvious way . 
 the plan would be for nothing if the killer entered and saw him staring straight back . 
 but , paradoxically , it was also crucial that nate saw him first . 
 the agreed signal would then be given to cameron , who stood with a drink in hand as he reacted to people that were n't real . 
 to show he meant business , he 'd also decided at some point during the course of the last hour to put his black glasses back on . 
 such a small addition and yet he now appeared as formidable as ever . 
 nothing would get past him . 
 the plan was in full swing . 
 it existed on its own now , nate knew he had no way of stopping it . 
 all he could do was watch the room with the rift glowing brightly in his peripheral vision . 
 helen thankfully had agreed to stay back with l'armin , albeit after multiple attempts at getting nate to change his mind . 
 they were also keeping a close eye on the rift and were set to give their own signal if they saw someone enter . 
 so far the plan was going well , it just lacked the one ingredient that any murder plot required : the murderer . 
 as nate surveyed his surroundings once more he spotted his younger doppelgänger take a seat at another one of the glass cube machines . 
 he tapped away at the controls with a noticeable degree of swiftness and finesse . 
 nate watched himself , impressed with how rapidly his fingers fluttered between buttons as he laid waste to his opponent 's holographic counterpart . 
 all the talent in the world and he had used it to cheat others out of their money . 
 he laughed to himself at the thought . 
 most of them appeared to take the beating in their stride , but slowly the suspicions were building . 
 soon his opponents would discover the device hidden under his shirt that he 'd been using to hack the machines . 
 idiot , nate thought , as he reminisced of the chaos that had ensued . 
 he 'd since realised which of the two incidents this was , and he had n't been happy with the answer . 
 the room was now somehow calm , a rarity considering the occupants . 
 his thoughts were allowed a brief moment to escape the fear that was present like a stone weight tied around his body . 
 it required all of his strength to resist giving into it . 
 these few moments to clear his thoughts had taken some of the tension away , but it had also taken his attention away from the rift . 
 he had been distracted for a mere second or two , yet it had been enough to miss something important . 
 in the corner of his eye he spotted movement , not from the rift , as he was expecting , but from helen and l'armin . 
 still confused , he looked to the rift for a split second before returning his gaze to the two waving frantically at him from the far side of the room . 
 his concentration had slipped temporarily , allowing someone to enter through the rift . 
 he sent a panicked nod to cameron , who appeared shocked and a little fazed by the sudden announcement . 
 worryingly , the killer had already disappeared within the crowd before nate had even seen him . 
 `` the bastards already inside , '' he said to himself , slapping his palm against the table . 
 all the planning leading up to this moment now seemed but a blueprint written in crayons . 
 it had faded to the point of being unreadable . 
 he scanned the faces around the room trying to remember the killer 's features . 
 he could picture the leathery skin and how he had resembled a lizard . 
 or was it a snake ? 
 which was it ? 
 no matter , he reminded himself . 
 the guy would be pretty obvious to him soon enough . 
 it was time to let the trap play out . 
 there was nothing more he could do anyway . 
 except sweat . 
 they waited patiently for a sign of someone who did n't belong . 
 unfortunately , the location was one that hid the killer 's kind well . 
 it was they who clearly did n't fit in . 
 he could appear right in front of them and they would n't know , just another apparition to be ignored . 
 only this one was capable of killing . 
 another short lived scuffle interrupted the tension , drawing nate 's gaze . 
 when he quickly turned back his eyes locked on to the empty spot where cameron had once been standing . 
 his missing presence was a stabbing reminder of how close to disaster he was treading . 
 at any moment the killer could strike and where was his protector , his shield ? 
 maybe he 'd been taken out by the killer ? 
 he looked around frantically . 
 the calm appearance he 'd been forcing to the surface was no longer on show , having sunk suddenly to the murky depths . 
 `` you dirty , cheating human , '' someone shouted from behind . 
 nate jumped , startled and too afraid to turn . 
 he did n't recognise the voice , but it had to be talking to him . 
 it had come from no more than a few metres away , who else could it be talking to ? 
 he considered his perilous situation and what he could do to escape it . 
 but within seconds it hit him , he 'd heard it before . 
 `` please , i did n't do anything . '' 
 came the reply , in a voice nate knew well . 
 it had become more forceful and refined over the years but it was unmistakably his own . 
 he tried to ignore the commotion and set about searching the immediate area , where cameron had once been standing . 
 there was no sign of him . 
 his drink had been placed carefully on the ground and the group he 'd been hiding among was still in the same place , each chatting away . 
 yet he had gone . 
 the intact glass hinted to him that cameron had n't been dragged away by force . 
 so he 'd left his spot intentionally ? 
 this was much worse . 
 was he staying out of the killer 's way to protect himself ? 
 the argument began to draw nearer as he took tiny steps through the crowd . 
 he kept a look out for any obvious signs of a scuffle where cameron had been . 
 but however much he tried he just could n't see anything there . 
 cameron had indeed left of his own accord . 
 he had also now lost eye contact with helen and l'armin . 
 the plan had completely disintegrated . 
 the only thing that gave him comfort was the weapon sitting peacefully in his pocket . 
 still the disagreement between his young double and a much larger creature could be heard in the background . 
 the young nate pleaded as he was pinned down by one of the creature 's unnaturally long arms . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he yelped helplessly . 
 nate could see it happening in the corner of his vision . 
 the same frustration and desperation was building in his muscles as a sensation of being trapped began to take over . 
 he just could n't ignore the perilous situation his younger self was facing , however irrelevant it may have been . 
 it was playing out exactly as he remembered , leading to one awful outcome that he could never forget . 
 as he pushed strangers aside to find any hints of cameron 's whereabouts , it became impossible for him to resist stiffening his muscles in anticipation of a blade being drawn once again . 
 `` no . 
 please , '' the young nate screamed . 
 the unmistakable sound of a metal blade being released from its sheath sent a shiver down nate 's much older spine . 
 even though it could n't possibly cause him harm again , it continued to disturb him regardless . 
 when the young nate saw the blade he froze . 
 the moment had come to leave and never return -- or so he thought at the time . 
 in one rapid and desperate show of strength he kicked out at the large man , somehow managing to force enough space between them to break free of the man 's crushing grip . 
 but freedom was still on the other side of the bar . 
 he bolted without looking back . 
 `` come here little man , '' the large man called to him joyfully , while swinging his three bladed knife in the air , from side to side . 
 nate watched as a worryingly thin version of himself ran in panic and began knocking into other large beings . 
 it had n't gone unnoticed by those around that the scavengers were starting to make a nuisance of themselves . 
 the scene began to follow the same pattern as that of the floating debris from earlier . 
 pieces had started flying off and hitting others , with the disorder growing exponentially after each impact . 
 now the young nate had caused enough of a disruption to be considered a pest that needed removing . 
 it was only a matter of time before he was punished for his wrongdoings . 
 for the time being nate decided to concentrate on what he could change and let his younger version face what he had already . 
 with the crowd surrounding him becoming much denser as he made his way through , he slowed his pace . 
 his feet moved only inches at a time . 
 as fast as he dare . 
 it was quickly turning into one of his nightmares , where he became lost amid a sea of stranger 's faces . 
 this place wanted him . 
 it tested his confidence , like rita from the exhibition . 
 he was sure that if he stopped he 'd become trapped forever . 
 just breath , he told himself . 
 but even this proved difficult as he drowned in endless and empty eyes that only saw what they were allowed . 
 he wanted out and back to the real world again . 
 his steady footing became the first casualty of his descent into panic . 
 he could feel the room begin to spin and had no choice but to reach out for something to right himself . 
 thankfully a sleeved arm was available . 
 it was rough to the touch , like old rope . 
 as he gripped it tightly it reacted suddenly as if surprised . 
 then weirdly the arm pushed back and forced him away . 
 the first thing that entered his mind was that he 'd somehow stumbled into cameron . 
 but his sleeve was certainly smoother than this . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 the person spoke from behind nate , with an odd emphasis on the ` t ' . 
 at the same time he felt something being pushed into his back . 
 it touched against his spine causing him to flinch . 
 it was definitely something metal , possibly hollow and almost positively deadly . 
 blade or gun ? 
 he just could n't tell . 
 whatever it was it stayed in place and had become the only thing that concerned him . 
 even his younger version 's fate was of little consequence to him now . 
 `` clearly my earlier mistake went unnoticed , '' the man continued , his voice now coming from directly over nate 's shoulder . 
 he was close . 
 so close in fact that nate could feel the faintest sensation of air flowing across his ear as the man spoke . 
 the assassin had found him . 
 chapter 15 nate raised his arms . 
 he did n't know what to do , no-one had informed him of the correct procedure for meeting one 's maker . 
 he could feel his face reddening as blood rushed to his head , partly due to his imminent demise and partly because of a degree of embarrassment at having handed himself straight over to the killer . 
 he knew all too well that things had gone utterly wrong , as he felt the implement of his death tucked neatly into the groove of his back . 
 he had severely underestimated his enemy . 
 the killer lingered on every 's ' and ` t ' as he spoke -- exactly as nate had come to expect . 
 `` your scent is unmistakable . 
 i wo n't make the same mistake again . 
 turn around , '' he said , followed by a jab with his weapon . 
 nate did as he was told . 
 face to face the man looked thinner than before . 
 but the skin was as scaly and purple as he remembered . 
 only now in the light he could make out every line and intersecting angle that decorated the assassin 's snake like face . 
 he had the same empty look as the soulless people around them . 
 with eyes the darkest black nate had ever witnessed . 
 whatever presence lay hidden beyond was staying put and giving no indication of its existence . 
 the only human thing nate could find was his own reflection , shining back from the piercing abyss ' that stared at him . 
 `` i 'll double whatever stuart is paying you , '' nate said , his voice portraying more confidence than he felt . 
 it was the first thing that came to mind , and yet the last thing he thought he would say . 
 the man stared back , his mouth twitching as he scanned nate up and down . 
 after a few seconds a grin swept across his face . 
 `` i am intrigued , how do you know stuart is behind this , '' he said . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` i suppose not . 
 however , do not think i can be swayed by merely money mr. maddox . '' 
 this is it then , nate thought while he studied the shiny metal casing of the pistol , now aimed squarely at the centre of his chest . 
 the room was loud but the sound of the shot would easily drown it all out . 
 cameron and the others would hear it and maybe they could still catch the killer . 
 his death would n't be completely in vain , he considered . 
 it was at least something . 
 `` this will be quick and quiet , i assure you , '' the assassin said , instantly putting to bed nate 's hopes of ultimately getting retribution . 
 quiet , shit , nate thought . 
 as the gun was raised to his head , he found it impossible to do anything but stare into its barrel : a black hole that waited , eager to suck him in , stretch him out like spaghetti and dismantle him atom by atom . 
 he thought about making a grab for the gun and perhaps forcing it away . 
 but he saw two problems with that idea . 
 the first was his own speed and strength . 
 could he be that quick ? 
 the second was what to do next . 
 he was n't so sure he could overpower the killer once his hand was on the pistol . 
 it quickly dawned on him that it did n't really matter if it was worth a try or not , he did n't want to die . 
 not like this . 
 the killer spoke softly as he held the weapon , without as much as a wobble . 
 his aim was perfect and unflinching . 
 `` this time i will not miss , '' he said . 
 as the assassin began to pull the trigger the world seemed to slow to a crawl . 
 nate could only watch as pressure was applied to the firing mechanism as if in slow motion . 
 he assumed this was what people meant when they said their lives flashed before their eyes , in near death experiences . 
 he closed his eyes and waited for either the flash of the shot or a white tunnel to head through . 
 inevitably the shot rang out . 
 it sent a sharp pain through nate 's right ear as the sound reverberated around his head like an earthquake . 
 an explosion of intense red laser-light invaded his black world , despite having involuntarily clamped his eyes tightly shut . 
 with it came a scalding heat across his face , like a cup of lava had been thrown at him . 
 he spun away from the assassin , hunched over in agony and frantically wiped his face . 
 death certainly felt more painful than he thought it would be , and not at all the peaceful release he expected . 
 `` you 're mine shit-bag , '' someone to the side of him suddenly said . 
 the voice was just about loud enough for nate to hear in his left ear . 
 he could n't hear a thing with his right , the shot had temporarily deafened it . 
 when he finally realised his miraculous survival was indeed real , he quickly turned his attention to the painful heat that threatened to sear his entire face off . 
 he scraped at his own skin . 
 but there was nothing on it . 
 only a line of sharp tenderness across the right side of his face and a smell of burnt hair proved anything had happened at all . 
 but how ? 
 he eventually managed to open his eyes and was shocked to see cameron on top of the killer . 
 the two were on the floor with cameron pinning the other to the ground . 
 he had a tight grip of his enemy . 
 there was nowhere for the killer to go , except further in the direction of the floor . 
 after a few seconds of struggling cameron had the killer face down and was pulling his arms out from under him . 
 neither of them were going anywhere for the time being , with cameron appearing to have gotten the upper hand . 
 for now . 
 `` i 've got him . 
 you 'd better get help . 
 this guy 's feisty , '' cameron said . 
 nate 's slight deafness lead him to unintentionally shout his reply . 
 `` jesus , cameron . 
 i thought he 'd got me . '' 
 `` you were never out of my sight , sir . '' 
 his teeth remained clamped shut as he spoke . 
 the killer hissed as he struggled ; a futile attempt at breaking free that was met with a swift knee to the side . 
 he doubled over as the wind was forced out of his chest . 
 he could do nothing but watch as his weapon escaped his grip . 
 as his arms were then roughly bent backward , immediately incapacitating them , he ceased struggling . 
 he had been caught . 
 his captor was in control and happy to demonstrate it . 
 now , finally , nate could make out the being behind the dead eyes . 
 he was n't scared or panicked at all , just incredibly angry . 
 a great deal of that rage was probably reserved just for cameron , though the rest was definitely for him . 
 the pistol had come to rest only metres away , having slid over the smooth ground . 
 nate made a quick lunge for it , but was left empty handed as it quickly became swamped by a moving crowd . 
 it slid even further away as busy feet kicked it unintentionally out of sight . 
 he was sure it did n't particularly matter , only it would have made him feel more at ease . 
 he 'd have certainly enjoyed aiming it between the killer 's eyes , just to see his reaction . 
 give the son-of-a-bitch a taste of his own medicine , maybe the taste of his own energy weapon . 
 that would have to wait for later , he decided . 
 the stalemate was n't guaranteed to last forever . 
 `` i need to get l'armin . 
 you ok to hold him until then ? '' 
 nate asked , with a concerned look to the disturbingly quiet man in cameron 's grasp . 
 `` sure , be quick about it though . '' 
 cameron flicked his head to the side and immediately back again . 
 `` wait , watch -- '' he tried to warn as nate took two steps backward , straight into someone else 's fight . 
 the argument nate 's younger self had caused had continued to spill over , engulfing everything in its path . 
 he had mindlessly wandered right into the middle of it , having forgotten about it entirely . 
 the chaos he had been responsible for so many years before now threatened his future as well . 
 without nate and cameron even noticing , the entire bar had slowly been dragged into the row , while the three of them played out their separate disagreement . 
 now a good proportion of the bar 's occupants were fighting or shouting as loud as their lungs allowed . 
 the pistol was long gone as well , and quickly so were the killer and cameron . 
 all he could see after being violently forced to the floor , was the large grey man holding up his young doppelgänger like a cat by the scruff of the neck . 
 he hopelessly watched as the man sent one of his enormous fists into the angled jaw of the young nate . 
 followed by the knife , which was dragged with great deliberation , across his side in one diagonal motion . 
 the pain was obvious . 
 the young nate 's eyes were sealed tight , scrunched up and hidden away behind a growing film of tears . 
 he hung for all the world to see like a disobedient pet , kicking and screeching . 
 except he 'd been shitting on more than just the carpet . 
 all was not lost , nate reminded himself , despite not being able to look away . 
 the scene would play out the same way it had the first time . 
 his accomplices had been ready and waiting to pull him to safety . 
 he may have been left battered and bruised , and with a nasty , bloodied , gouge to his side , but he 'd survived . 
 the large man 's blade had tasted its last drop of blood on that day . 
 revenge was not normally in his nature , but he had vowed to get it on this occasion . 
 the next day his friends had ambushed and remorselessly ended the man 's existence . 
 as the killer was once more free to do to him . 
 the one consolation was that the assassin had almost certainly been caught up in the fighting as well . 
 as he stay flat on the ground , too afraid to stand in case the killer spotted him , he scanned the legs that surrounded him . 
 most appeared to be moving away from the large grey man , who was still displaying his catch of the day . 
 only a few were static . 
 thoughts of the young him had now completely vacated his mind . 
 he would have plenty of time to repent for this part of his life if he finished today alive . 
 but the situation threatened to become far more dangerous as he tried to get his bearings . 
 `` cameron , '' he called out . 
 there was no answer . 
 it became hard to make out anyone 's voice but his own as the bar descended further into chaos . 
 he quickly found himself having to dodge groups engaged in the fighting . 
 a tide of bodies all trying to avoid a violent encounter , began to move toward the exit . 
 fists were flying in all directions , even chairs were being used by a few of the particularly troubled individuals . 
 but still he could find no signs of either the assassin or cameron . 
 he was about to lose all hope of finding them again , when he caught a brief glimpse of someone through an opening in the fighting . 
 a hand stretched out on the floor , bouncing about as those around trampled it . 
 straight away he knew it was cameron unconscious on the floor and in severe danger of being crushed . 
 nate slide across the ground and took a scruff of cameron 's black suit in his sweaty palms . 
 the killer had hit him hard , smashing his black sunglasses to bits . 
 the frame still rested on his nose but both eyepieces had been shattered . 
 to top it off , a large reddish mark on the side of his head had begun to trickle blood . 
 whatever the killer had used to knock him out with , it had been solid but relatively small . 
 still it had definitely been more than simply a fist . 
 he dragged cameron 's limp mass slowly toward the raised area a few metres away . 
 his fingers were crushed each time he misjudged his movements , squashed under feet that did not care . 
 once there he struggled to heave cameron up the three small steps . 
 each time he tried he let out a frustrated groan that prompted a quick check behind . 
 a growing paranoia was urging him onwards , back to relative safety . 
 once at the top he slumped down under the weight . 
 he was n't as strong as he needed to be . 
 too much time spent pushing paper around , he thought . 
 `` someone help , '' he shouted , but the noise in the room reduced his voice to a tiny squeal . 
 cameron was still breathing , with regular but shallow intakes of air . 
 for the time being nate was sure they were safe . 
 it was n't how he 'd seen any of this playing out in his mind . 
 he 'd relied so much on cameron for the plan to work . 
 had it been an unreasonable thing to put on one man ? 
 `` cameron ? 
 come on buddy , wake up , '' nate said with a gentle pat on the arm . 
 the blood on cameron 's head had at least stopped and was now no more than a crimson smudge . 
 he was well and truly out for the count , but seemingly stable for now . 
 with no real medical knowledge of any kind , nate knew he needed help . 
 except he had no idea where l'armin or helen were . 
 for all he knew they had n't seen a thing . 
 as he looked around to the ongoing chaos , he realised the time had come to clean up his own mess . 
 he 'd caused this after all . 
 his plan , his responsibility . 
 it was only right he finished things once and for all , for cameron as much as himself . 
 besides , he was the only one left . 
 the fighting may have hidden the killer but it had n't yet allowed him to escape . 
 there was still time to do something about it . 
 but what ? 
 he jumped up , adrenaline fuelled and ready to act . 
 first he checked the area where helen and l'armin should have been hiding . 
 the spot had been completed vacated . 
 he then surveyed the pushing and shoving masses that stood between him and the rift . 
 his eyes shot about the place , excitedly checking each face as the urge to burst into action began to take over . 
 it did n't take long to see something : a shape frantically weaving in and out of the rioting crowd and heading straight for the exit . 
 the assassin was taking a zigzag path to the rift and getting closer by the second . 
 this was his only chance . 
 with the killer having obviously cut his losses and deciding to run , the time for him to act had arrived . 
 `` got-cha , '' he said , springing into action . 
 without thinking he pulled the modestly proportioned weapon out of his pocket and threw himself forward . 
 aim , fire , one shot , down , simple , he thought . 
 except he was n't entirely sure he was even holding the thing the right way up . 
 an entire bodies worth of tension was suddenly released in one giant leap into the crowd . 
 the closer to the rift he got the more excited he became . 
 it was building with every step he took , spurring him on . 
 he could feel strength forming in his fists . 
 they each wanted an equal amount of the action and he was more than willing to oblige . 
 was revenge once again rearing its ugly head ? 
 it had again sneaked out of the dark corner he 'd been keeping it in . 
 untapped , he knew it would only continue to bubble beneath the surface until finally smashing through . 
 it lead him to one conclusion : he did n't just want proof , he wanted the assassin dead . 
 if by his own hands or not , he wanted to end another 's existence . 
 in exactly the same way he 'd wanted with the large grey man years before . 
 an odd amalgamation of the two formed in his mind with grey , scaly skin , but with the same dead eyes as the killer . 
 what he pictured represented all of the unbridled hatred he felt , and it was quickly approaching the exit . 
 he found it hard to keep up the momentum as he neared the bar area . 
 most of the intense fighting had moved there , with quite a few stand-offs now blocking his path . 
 the entire area had broken up into different factions , each deciding whether the enemy of their enemy was their friend , or if everyone was their enemy . 
 with each side waving their weapons as threateningly as they could muster . 
 it was hopeless . 
 ahead the killer had taken to throwing tables to the side , making his own much more direct path . 
 it was no good , he was escaping and nate could do nothing about it . 
 the excitement turned to fear as he watched his plan finally self-destruct in front of him . 
 after only two or more steps the killer would be but a fleeting memory . 
 perhaps one to revisit with l'armin 's help ? 
 he did n't find the thought very funny . 
 with one last push he dug his heels in and forced his way forward . 
 he refused to give up until every single cell contained within his body could do no more . 
 his head drooped as he put more effort in , watching as one foot defiantly landed in front of the other . 
 within a few steps it was beginning to pay off , bringing him ever closer to his target . 
 at the peak of his strides the crowd began to part until the route ahead was soon clear . 
 finally he could see the assassin just ahead of him , no more than spitting distance away . 
 but something was n't right . 
 by now nate was certain the guy should have disappeared through the rift , and yet there he was . 
 the path to the rift was blocked and the killer 's only chance of escaping had somehow passed . 
 nate was amazed to see his chances of catching the killer had suddenly increased dramatically . 
 the rift entrance hung only a few feet in front of the assassin . 
 it taunted him for being so close and yet , strangely , he appeared unable to reach it . 
 his arms thrashed about as he appeared to be trying to release himself from something . 
 nate watched with a twisted glee as the killer tried to find what was holding him back . 
 eventually he spotted a corner of his overcoat caught under someone 's foot . 
 but however much he struggled it would n't come loose . 
 the killer had become entangled among a small group of people now stood lifeless and frozen in front of him . 
 in fact the entire room had stopped sometime during nate 's last desperate push for the rift . 
 he had been so focused on reaching the killer that he had n't noticed . 
 some were paused mid punch or still in the process of taking a hit from another . 
 the world had stopped , just like he 'd seen it do before . 
 the only things moving now were the killer and him . 
 the time to worry about who had frozen the room would come after he had the assassin in his arms . 
 he was well aware that someone had granted him a second chance , it had n't simply been a serendipitous event . 
 he wasted no time and raced blindly forward . 
 his new plan was simple : launch himself at the killer , using any available part of his anatomy to stop the bastard from escaping . 
 so with only a metre or so to go , nate put his plan into action . 
 at the same time the killer had decided to hastily remove his overcoat entirely , ripping it at the seams in the process . 
 when their eyes met the killer automatically raised his arms to block nate 's clumsy punches . 
 after a round of hits that barely did a thing , nate quickly realised he 'd already used most of his energy . 
 the only remaining strategy was to keep swinging regardless . 
 he could at least prevent the killer from getting a real chance at striking back . 
 he dared not use his weapon , however much he wanted to . 
 he needed the killer alive . 
 within seconds though , he could feel the speed of his attacks diminishing . 
 soon the assassin would surely retaliate and end it . 
 he considered using his weapon now . 
 but their impromptu battle was brought to an end by one well timed retaliation . 
 the killer sent a swift and solid kick into the middle of nate 's left leg . 
 it sent him reeling away in agony as it buckled under the strain . 
 he was sure something had snapped , either a tendon or a bone . 
 all he could do was fall back onto his right leg , but soon it too gave way . 
 the floor was his next stop . 
 all the while nate could see the killer beaming a broad smile back at him . 
 as he crashed to the ground he could make out the obvious pleasure across his enemy 's face , no doubt brought about by his pain . 
 he could n't think of anything he could possibly do to stop the killer from casually strolling out , never to be seen again . 
 he could n't even imagine being able to stand again with the splintered pain that ran through his leg . 
 the backup plan was now his only hope . 
 he pointed his pen-sized weapon at the killer and pulled the trigger . 
 having been the first time he 'd ever fired a weapon in anger , however , his shot was inevitably off by inches . 
 not much , but enough to miss entirely . 
 the narrow beam of blue laser light was sent bouncing around the room . 
 it made contact with several of the frozen fighting patrons , yet only appeared to do superficial damage . 
 the assassin took his time in making his first step into the rift . 
 his leg lingered for a moment before it moved into the light and disappeared . 
 then slowly the rest of him began to follow . 
 he had n't even noticed the badly timed shot . 
 nate was now certain it was too late . 
 the light progressed further up the assassin 's leg until it met his hip , at which point he pushed his hand through . 
 the rift had the killer worried , leading him to act more cautiously than expected . 
 a sign of weakness , at last , if not slightly too late . 
 or was it ? 
 just as the killer was about to overcome his sudden nervousness , he stopped . 
 something held him back , something strong . 
 nate assumed cameron had regained consciousness and had grabbed the killer at the last minute . 
 but the arm that was forcing the killer to yield was not cameron 's , or human for that matter . 
 `` l'armin , '' nate called at the top of his voice . 
 l'armin turned to face him . 
 the sight of his injury appeared to have ignited something within ; a strength that tensed l'armin 's entire body as he dug his fingers deep into the killer 's shoulders . 
 his eyes were deeply focused as he pulled his victim down to kneel before him . 
 the strength he demonstrated must have come from somewhere other than his muscles , somewhere beyond the physical . 
 his grip caused the killer to shake involuntarily , like violent electrical shocks were shooting from his fingers and then on through the killer 's entire body . 
 nate watched for the few seconds the two were connected , with no idea of what he could do to help . 
 once again l'armin had surprised him . 
 but before he could decide , something changed . 
 suddenly the concentration vanished from l'armin 's face . 
 he let go and collapsed to the floor , sending the killer in the other direction . 
 they landed in an entangled heap , with their legs jutting out from under them . 
 whatever l'armin had done to the killer it had taken its toll on his own body as well . 
 nate was compelled to get to his friend quickly . 
 but his misjudged attempt to stand only resulted in his injured leg twisting underneath him again . 
 `` shit , '' he cried out . 
 `` nate . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 helen said , appearing through the stationary crowd behind him . 
 `` i think the bastard broke my leg . '' 
 `` let me help you up , '' she said , grabbing his arm . 
 nate gratefully accepted the assistance . 
 he pulled her arm unintentionally hard , nearly dragging her to the floor beside him . 
 eventually he managed to struggle to his feet , although his injured leg refused to take any of the weight . 
 once up he lent on a frozen person next to him . 
 `` thanks buddy , '' he said to his unmoving helper . 
 `` where 's cameron ? '' 
 helen asked . 
 `` i left him over there . '' 
 nate pointed to the raised area . 
 `` the killer knocked him out . 
 can you check he 's ok ? 
 i need to get to l'armin . '' 
 helen did n't argue . 
 she headed off quickly in the direction nate had gestured , leaving him to balance on his own . 
 things may have gone badly wrong but somehow they had stopped the assassin from escaping . 
 and with helen now cooperating to the fullest of her abilities and tending to cameron , it seemed the end was finally in sight . 
 but it proved too difficult for him to move . 
 a familiar pain was beginning to build in his head that kept him on the spot . 
 he knew instantly it would continue to do so , until eventually overtaking the pain in his leg . 
 l'armin had explained the cause of it to him before . 
 it was only a matter of time before it became too much once more . 
 `` l'armin ? '' 
 he called , but heard nothing in return . 
 he forced himself to move and hopped a few feet to the next resting point -- really just another statuesque patron , frozen on the spot . 
 with each movement the pain in his head was increasing , until a loud static-like hiss perturbed the silence like a pick-axe through his skull . 
 all of a sudden the sight of l'armin sprawled out on the floor began to bounce around his field of view . 
 his head had begun to shake . 
 he had no choice but to stop and clutch the sides of his ears , which had become dangerously hot . 
 unlike before he was sure he could hold on , at least for longer . 
 he 'd gotten through it the last time after all . 
 if he held on long enough to reach l'armin , he knew he 'd be able to bring him back around just in time . 
 if he did n't he was n't sure what would happen . 
 l'armin had explained that when he was n't able to keep the rifts open , it would revert to the memory holder . 
 this meant nate was now the only thing stopping the entire re-creation from collapsing around them . 
 it did n't help that one sentence played over and over inside his head : your mind was not prepared to take the strain of this place , l'armin had said . 
 he was about to land another foot closer to l'armin when the pain was again turned up . 
 he had no idea how much more he could take . 
 just keeping l'armin in view became a herculean task . 
 `` nate ? '' 
 helen called from behind him . 
 he could n't turn to face her , the noise and searing pain had debilitated him . 
 all he could managed in acknowledgement was a heavy exhalation of air that vibrated his lips , causing them to slap against each other . 
 sweat now entirely covered his face and body , which made holding onto anything nearly impossible . 
 helen appeared again in front of him . 
 she spoke in an extremely animated fashion , but nate quickly realised he could no longer hear a word she was saying . 
 her mouth was moving , but all he heard was a sound akin to a million tons of thunderous and gushing water . 
 his body just could n't take any more . 
 in one last attempt at regaining control he leant against another of the motionless characters next to him . 
 he grabbed at the man 's arms , but the sweat inevitably caused him to lose his grip . 
 the sensation of weightlessness suddenly overwhelmed him as he lost his balance and lurched forwards . 
 the ground was an unforgiving mattress of solid stone that punished his face as he landed against it . 
 there was little he could do to stop himself . 
 the pain had cut off any signals his brain sent to his extremities . 
 to helen he would have appeared to fall like a felled tree . 
 strangely the injury he knew had befallen him upon contact with the ground , carried with it little feeling . 
 he lay with his head to the side and nothing but helen 's shoes in focus . 
 everything slowly faded . 
 until the only colour he could see was that of a small fleck of blood -- that had emanated from his own nose , he assumed -- on the side of helen 's left shoe . 
 and then the world was gone . 
 chapter 16 consciousness came and went in waves . 
 one moment nate was riding the tide toward a state of awareness , and the next he was being dragged back down to the black depths . 
 the darkness always ended up winning in the end , however much he tried to fight against it . 
 although brief , the few seconds he was awake between blackouts had at least allowed him to catch tiny snippets of dialogue . 
 `` nate ? 
 can you hear me ? 
 it 's helen . 
 please wake up . 
 jesus what do i do . '' 
 helen 's words became distant and muffled again . 
 when her voice returned it was joined by someone else 's . 
 time was passing much faster than nate could grasp . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 a male voice . 
 it was cameron . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he told me to check on you . 
 but then i saw him stop suddenly , so i went back , '' helen replied . 
 `` did he just collapse ? '' 
 `` yes , i tried to get him up but he 's too heavy . 
 what do we do ? '' 
 `` just calm down and -- '' blackness again . 
 nate had no idea what he 'd missed each time he resurfaced . 
 there was n't the time to find out before he was once again ripped away . 
 the next voice he heard was one he did n't recognise at all . 
 it was n't cameron or l'armin speaking , though it was definitely a male voice . 
 whoever it was he could tell the person was within a short distance of him . 
 everything else remained too distant to be heard clearly . 
 much more time had passed than before . 
 but the veil of darkness that blocked out the world around him each time he lost consciousness , did n't arrive . 
 he 'd expected the world to disappear , only for it to then reappear moments later , once again leaving him guessing the length of time that had passed him by . 
 when this did n't happen , nate knew he was finally waking up properly . 
 a tiny point of light appeared suddenly for him to focus on . 
 slowly something was coming forward through the emptiness . 
 it took him a little while to realise his eyes were slightly open and were allowing a sliver of light to pass through . 
 the world had returned and with it a tingly feeling began to spread throughout his whole body . 
 he no longer lay on his front , face down in the dirt -- the ground was n't pressing against his nose or cheek , so he was confident about this at least . 
 he assumed helen or cameron had flipped him over , no doubt while trying to wake him . 
 as for the rest of him , he was still too numb to determine his overall condition . 
 his limbs felt distant , almost like they 'd become detached from his body and were floating around somewhere nearby . 
 when he tried to rub his eyes -- as he always did when awakening from a bad dream -- he lost control of his arm , with no idea where it was heading . 
 it soon made contact with something unexpectedly , possibly the floor to his side , he could n't tell . 
 the disorientation had destroyed his sense of self . 
 after three failed attempts at opening his eyes , he gave it one last try , though with a disturbing amount of effort . 
 once he 'd managed to separate the lids , he opened his eyes wide and was immediately disappointed by the distorted and blurry scene he saw . 
 the light was trying desperately to shine through a film of sleep that coated his eyes , but not enough could get through . 
 it took a couple of quick blinks to clean up the image completely . 
 then , with his sight restored , he surveyed the world around him and noticed how much dimmer it was than expected . 
 again he could hear a voice in the background that he did n't recognise . 
 he could make out a rhythm to the words the person used -- but not the language -- and it sounded to him like some sort of a chant . 
 it was repeated over and over again , without a gap in between . 
 it was strange , but he found the quietness around him even stranger . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 nate said with a croak . 
 a ruffled noise to the side of him momentarily broke the flow of the chanting , though the person continued soon afterwards . 
 someone else was there and they were responding to his call . 
 he could hear their footsteps approaching him . 
 `` cameron quick , '' helen said . 
 `` he 's awake . '' 
 seconds later , nate looked up and saw two faces staring back down at him . 
 the blurriness had gone completely so he recognised his friends straight away , along with their worried expressions . 
 cameron was still garnishing a nasty bruise to the side of his head . 
 helen , however , was as beautiful as ever . 
 she 'd tied her blond hair back into a pony tail at some point during his comatose state . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 `` i can hear you . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` you collapsed right in front of me . 
 scared the shit out of me , '' helen said . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 where 's l'armin ? '' 
 both cameron and helen looked away and then to each other . 
 despite feeling slightly hazy , nate could still interpret their hesitation to answer . 
 something was making them appear on edge and it was obvious l'armin was involved . 
 neither of them appeared willing to reveal a thing to him . 
 `` best you see for yourself , sir , '' cameron said . 
 nate tried to sit up by himself , but only made it halfway . 
 he let out a grunt as the exhaustion set in again and began slowly pushing him back down . 
 cameron had to pull him the rest of the way , until eventually nate was sitting up on his own . 
 he took a moment to locate his limbs , once and for all , before finally rubbing away the muck from his vision . 
 at this point he noticed the sky above and immediately became enthralled by it . 
 `` where the hell are we ? '' 
 he said , staring nervously at a red sky decorated with even redder clouds . 
 they were a long way away from the likes of his memories of the bar . 
 this was something he 'd never seen before , he was certain of that . 
 `` we 've no idea , '' helen began . 
 again she turned and looked to the side as she spoke . 
 `` but we think he caused it . '' 
 once he could bring himself to look away from the unusual sky overhead , nate reluctantly peered over to where the chanting still continued . 
 to his surprise l'armin had been joined by another member of his race . 
 the man was dressed similarly , with loosely fitted clothing and an equally wrinkled complexion -- a shared feature of his race after all . 
 the chanting appeared to be another of their people 's rituals . 
 the man sat on the floor with his hands hovering a few inches above l'armin 's . 
 his eyes remained closed as the words flowed out of his mouth almost automatically . 
 over and over again the lines were repeated , with barely enough time to take a breath , before they started again . 
 nate 's heart sunk . 
 he watched , fearful that his friend lying motionless on the cold , rocky floor had been lost . 
 was the ritual the other man performed for the death of a loved one ? 
 nate desperately hoped not . 
 it was n't until he saw a deep breath enter l'armin 's body , that the sudden and growing feeling of loss was stunted . 
 `` he 's ok , '' helen said , sensing his concern . 
 `` thanks . 
 so did he just appear ? '' 
 nate arched his head in the direction of the stranger . 
 `` yes , then the bar disappeared and we found ourselves here . 
 wherever here is . '' 
 the bar had indeed vanished along with all signs of the drunken beings , who nate was sure he 'd been among only seconds before . 
 what had replaced it was far more threatening , with a red sky above offset by a dark purple and rocky landscape below . 
 in the distance , nate could make out huge cavernous gouges throughout the scene , as well as large towering spire like mountain ranges . 
 wherever they had been transported , it was a harsh and unforgiving place . 
 a dry and particulate wind lashed at his bare skin , stinging slightly as it sped passed . 
 the air lacked any moisture too and made light work of removing what little he 'd had in his mouth . 
 within minutes he could feel small cracks on his lips , as well as tiny grains of black sand sticking to his face . 
 `` i 've never seen a place like this before , '' he said , removing a small piece of grit from his tongue . 
 `` i doubt any of us have , sir , '' cameron said . 
 `` all we 've been able to ascertain is that we 're on some kind of rocky plateau . '' 
 only ten or so metres ahead , nate could see where it ended sharply . 
 beyond this were other raised areas , similar to theirs , stretching out for many miles around them . 
 they appeared to be roughly in the middle of a large group of plateaus , each many tens of square metres in area . 
 it was a precarious position to be in and one he was n't about to risk exploring alone in his unsteady state . 
 separating each raised platform were dark areas of almost black sand that looked like veins against the brighter rocks above . 
 the continual gusts of wind were kicking up the sand in some areas and creating clouds of black material . 
 although short lived , they were capable of travelling quite far , as proven by the light dusting of dark sand across the top of each plateau . 
 `` can you help me up ? '' 
 nate asked , feebly . 
 he 'd seen all he wanted of the surrounding geology . 
 both helen and cameron made a clumsy grab for the same arm . 
 helen quickly let go and moved around to the other side to take nate 's right arm instead . 
 gradually they hauled him to his feet and then held him in place . 
 he shifted the weight from his left leg as soon as he felt the pain return . 
 though not as bad as before , it remained enough to cause him to hop on the spot until his other leg had taken the added strain . 
 `` any idea what we do now ? '' 
 helen said . 
 `` this was your plan after all . '' 
 the plan , of course , nate suddenly remembered . 
 the killer had to be there , but where ? 
 after a quick survey of the surrounding area he spotted the body of the assassin . 
 it was in the same place as earlier . 
 they 'd left it alone and still in an awkward position , like it had been dumped there with little thought . 
 `` has the killer moved at all ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` no . 
 he 's been like that since you collapsed . 
 our friend here moved l'armin away so we left it . '' 
 cameron squinted , appearing slightly confused . 
 `` i do n't understand what we can do , he 's out for the count . '' 
 `` i have n't quite figured that out yet , '' nate said . 
 `` the plan ended once we caught him . 
 i need to talk to l'armin . 
 any idea how he 's doing ? '' 
 `` none , sir . 
 he has n't moved much . '' 
 the man seeing to l'armin stood and finished one more verse of his chant . 
 with the ritual coming to an end , he began to wrap up any loose ends by checking his friend over one more time . 
 he straightened out l'armin 's loose clothing , in a show of dedication and respect . 
 once this had been completed he turned and made a beeline for nate . 
 it stopped their conversation dead in its tracks . 
 `` in coming , '' cameron said . 
 during his determined march toward them , the man locked his sights solely on nate . 
 it was obvious he was intending to speak with them and that the matter was urgent -- as made evident by his quick pace . 
 `` please accompany me , nathan maddox , '' he said . 
 before nate could reply the man had already wandered off toward the sharp drop at the edge of their plateau . 
 it may have only been a few metres away , but the distance was still far enough to cause considerable difficulty to nate . 
 he hopped a few steps until his balance once again failed , sending him lurching into the supportive arms of cameron . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' nate said , knowing he was n't really . 
 `` can you both keep an eye on l'armin for me ? '' 
 helen nodded and then pulled cameron gently by the arm . 
 they walked slowly away , with a look back every now and then . 
 neither of them spoke as they left nate to hobble away on his damaged limb . 
 there was an aura of authority to the person nate cautiously approached , which distilled an uneasiness in him . 
 the man 's stance was straight like an upright pencil , with his arms tightly crossed . 
 he was the polar opposite to l'armin , who had always been courteous and joyful , like a kind old gentleman . 
 it appeared to be a personality trait not shared by all of their race . 
 eventually nate pulled up level and was about to lean against the man when he suddenly thought better of it . 
 the caring nature l'armin had showed was not guaranteed to be present in this fellow . 
 it was awkward , though nate was able to balance with his left leg just about touching the ground ; more like a bike stabiliser than a full working wheel . 
 after a moment of silence , the man spoke . 
 `` i allowed this to go too far , '' he said . 
 nate did n't know what to say . 
 perhaps things had gone too far . 
 after all , he and l'armin were nearly severely hurt . 
 and for what ? 
 as far as he could tell the plan had failed miserably and the evidence was no closer than before . 
 without it the killer was still a free man . 
 thankfully nate was n't expected to speak , only to listen . 
 `` my name is l’eshran . '' 
 the man stared out across the endless and desolate vista that stretched out before them . 
 he did n't face nate at all , as he continued . 
 `` i have been watching . 
 it was wrong of me to listen to l'armin , he was not able to control this as he had promised . 
 he is a fool , but he is the oldest and wisest fool of all of us . '' 
 he paused for a moment , then turned just enough for nate to see the rest of his face . 
 `` do you know where we are , nathan maddox ? '' 
 the stern look on l’eshran 's face told nate not to answer . 
 instead he chose a spot of the landscape , at random , and stared at it . 
 almost as though the answers were hidden between the dark ridges he gazed upon , scattered as far as the eye could see . 
 `` this is my races only memory of the dark times . 
 l'armin 's memory . '' 
 the two just did n't match . 
 how l'armin 's gentle nature could have survived in such a hellish place without any signs of wear at all , eluded nate . 
 he could n't understand how a place could even exist , let alone how anyone managed to live there . 
 only a nightmare could be compared with it . 
 `` l'armin was once here ? '' 
 nate said . 
 the urge to know more had taken over . 
 `` yes . 
 he is older than you know . 
 this was centuries ago , before we escaped . 
 i was born many years later , as was everyone else here . 
 l'armin is the last of those who left our home-world , so long ago . '' 
 `` to escape what ? '' 
 `` enslavement . 
 l'armin told you this . 
 our ability was abused for other 's gain . '' 
 nate felt a sudden pang of guilt . 
 `` this was our home . '' 
 l’eshran waved his arm from right to left , sweeping across their view of the rocky and foreboding landscape ahead . 
 `` but that was our past . '' 
 he pointed down , gesturing to something below . 
 a growing cloud of dust and black sand was moving along the ground between their plateau and the one nearest . 
 at first nate thought it was just the wind stirring up the loose ground material again . 
 but it was moving , rather unexpectedly , at a steady pace and in a straight line . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 l’eshran did n't speak . 
 he stood with his finger extended as straight as possible , forming an unbroken line that ran from his shoulder to his fingertip , and then down to the dust cloud below . 
 he said nothing as the scene played out by itself . 
 as the air began to clear , nate could make out a familiar face . 
 it was l'armin and his clothing was no longer the loose and casual type he usually wore . 
 instead , they appeared ragged and torn , with dark , dirty patches on the knees and elbows that suggested he 'd been crawling at some point . 
 more worrying , however , was the collection of scars across his chest and face . 
 they did n't appear to have completely healed either . 
 he was surrounded by odd looking creatures , each sat atop a saddled four-legged beast that snarled and grunted with its one large , downward facing tusk proudly on display . 
 they were seething with anger at something l'armin had evidently done . 
 in frustration the riders began slapped their chests like gorillas , while managing to project as much spit as hatred . 
 although they looked more like humanoid crustaceans than anything else . 
 the five huge beasts they rode , were each eyeing l'armin up like an impromptu snack . 
 he cowered on the spot , visibly shrinking as he crossed his beaten and bruised arms . 
 to these creatures he 'd have served as no more than a plaything , if they were allowed to have him . 
 nate tried to listen to the conversation . 
 but their language was unlike any he 'd ever heard before , with lots of speedy clicks and snorts . 
 he had no idea what they were saying , though it was certain the person next to him did . 
 without even realising he was doing it , l'eshran had begun to copy the words under his breath . 
 `` this was my people 's way of life , '' l'eshran said once the shouting had ceased below them . 
 `` it can never happen again . 
 do you understand why i am showing you this , nathan ? '' 
 nate thought for a moment before giving an answer he was sure was correct . 
 `` you have my word , i will never reveal your secret to anyone . '' 
 l’eshran spun around to look at nate directly . 
 the obvious and sudden annoyance had pulled his face inwards , temporarily introducing a number of extra ruffles to his skin . 
 nate 's ignorance was n't at all appreciated , or tolerated . 
 `` that is not why , '' he said . 
 `` l'armin is the only living record of my people 's past . 
 with him gone the lesson we learned so many years ago , will lose its impetus . 
 we brought the abuse onto ourselves by helping those who did not deserve it . 
 now we simply do not help , even if we can . 
 l'armin wanted to show us it was time to change that . '' 
 finally nate was beginning to understand what l’eshran was telling him . 
 they were content to trust him with their secret , so long as it did n't put l'armin at risk . 
 the small snippets of information he 'd been given were all he 'd needed to know at the time . 
 l'armin had been holding back the rest , including anything that revealed the danger he may have been putting himself in . 
 so with l'armin out cold it had fallen to l'eshran to limit the damage . 
 which he did by taking the opportunity to make the potential risks as clear as possible . 
 the scene that continued below them , was unarguably the best demonstration of what was at stake . 
 in the grand scheme of things , it was obvious that nate 's problem was inconsequential in comparison to their own . 
 `` i had no idea ... '' nate began . 
 `` it was as much my decision as his to proceed . 
 no , the blame is with me . '' 
 by now the l'armin far below them had been threatened to within an inch of his life . 
 the next minute or so they watched as he was forcibly ushered into a small metallic cage . 
 his captors showed little , if any , concern for l'armin 's wellbeing . 
 at every opportunity they kicked him , slapped him and poked him with implements of punishment . 
 within a relatively short amount of time , the entire group was racing away and once again kicking up a growing cloud of black sand . 
 they headed back in the direction they 'd taken while chasing their escapee . 
 although the dust surrounding them was thickening , it was still fine enough for the image of l'armin clutching his cage bars , to shine through . 
 an image that was instantly burnt into nate 's permanent memory . 
 `` you have the killer , yes ? '' 
 l’eshran said , finally breaking the sudden silence that had followed the scene below . 
 `` yes , but -- '' `` then you are finished . '' 
 `` well no , you see -- '' `` we can not help you any further , nathan . 
 i have shown you what will come of helping others . 
 this must stop now . '' 
 l’eshran turned away before nate could continue his attempt to explain the original plan . 
 he walked back to the others , leaving nate with nothing more than the rough textured wind for company . 
 it was no good , the matter had been settled and the motion passed . 
 whatever evidence existed , it was still just beyond his reach . 
 cameron left helen , who had n't moved from l'armin 's side , and walked over . 
 he avoided eye contact with l’eshran as they passed each other . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 he asked . 
 nate did n't know where to start . 
 so much had happened in the few minutes he and l’eshran had spoken , that he could n't remember what cameron already knew and what he did n't . 
 he had completely lost track himself . 
 `` well , he told me that l'armin is older than we thought , '' nate said . 
 it was all he could say for certain as he mentally grappled with the rest . 
 `` really ? 
 huh . 
 looks good for his age . '' 
 all nate could do was chuckle at the ease with which cameron made light of things . 
 whether appropriate or not he could n't care less . 
 it simply felt good to laugh , if only for a brief moment . 
 `` i think we 're done here , too , '' nate said , instantly resetting the mood to neutral . 
 `` they ca n't help us anymore . '' 
 `` so what about him ? '' 
 cameron pointed to the assassin . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i 'm not sure we can prove any of this actually happened . 
 i guess we could search him at least . '' 
 `` i suppose . 
 but it 's unlikely he 'll have any -- '' `` nate , '' helen called . 
 `` he 's waking up . '' 
 with a quick nod to cameron they were soon on their way . 
 the three legged gait they adopted proved difficult to maintain without forcing nate 's injured leg down every other step . 
 it shot a pain up the entire length of his back each time it touched the ground . 
 even so , he could feel that it was easing ever so slightly . 
 either that or the joy of hearing l'armin had come around was temporarily masking it . 
 `` l'armin , can you hear me ? '' 
 l’eshran said , as he pulled his friend up into a seated position . 
 cameron helped nate down to the floor beside l'armin , the moment they arrived . 
 it was too early to get any response from him . 
 his eyes stared at the sky and still seemed empty of all life . 
 if it were n't for l’eshran holding him up , nate was sure l'armin would have fallen back down again by now . 
 the only clear proof of life was his shallow breathing . 
 which by itself had everyone watching nervously . 
 two more large breaths later and l'armin was finally beginning to come around fully . 
 slowly an , undoubtedly confused , consciousness was appearing behind his eyes . 
 they focused and immediately dilated in response to the dim surroundings . 
 nate hovered in front , waiting eagerly to greet his friend . 
 he and l’eshran were already well within l'armin 's field of view , yet they moved in further regardless . 
 the moment l'armin settled his gaze upon him , nate felt a wealth of emotions suddenly hit . 
 at the forefront was an immense feeling of relief . 
 `` nathan ? '' 
 l'armin finally said , with a smile creeping through . 
 `` christ . 
 you scared me there , '' nate replied . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 gradually l'armin sat forward . 
 he placed a hand across his forehead and held it there as he looked around . 
 a perplexed expression stretched across his face that drew his forehead and his lower jaw down an inch or two . 
 nate could see he was trying to work out why he was sat on the floor . 
 his gaze moved about the ground in front of him as he visibly grappled with the answer . 
 he then noticed the footprints left in the dirt all around him and began to follow them . 
 they trailed away from his position and continued all the way back to the killer 's body , a few metres away . 
 his left eyebrow raised the moment he spotted it . 
 l’eshran moved purposefully , until he was directly in front of l'armin and blocking out everyone else . 
 when their eyes met , the mood quickly changed . 
 the small grin that had begun to form on l'armin 's face disappeared . 
 the sight of l’eshran had removed it completely . 
 `` hello my friend , '' l'eshran said . 
 l'armin opened his mouth , ready to speak , when he noticed the world around him . 
 whatever he was about to say was no longer relevant . 
 something else much more devastating had now taken his attention away . 
 `` no , '' he began . 
 `` why ... why did you bring them here ? 
 you had no right . '' 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 l’eshran took l'armin by the shoulders to make sure what he said next was completely understood . 
 `` we 're finished helping these people . '' 
 nate had n't known l'armin to be aggressive at any point during their time together . 
 but that was about to change . 
 being ordered to stop had caused cracks to form in his friendly disposition . 
 he chose to make his disagreement abundantly clear by moving his head away and dismissing l'eshran 's words entirely . 
 `` it is not over , '' he said . 
 `` have you forgotten what it cost us before ? '' 
 `` forgotten ? '' 
 l'armin suddenly refocused . 
 `` i remember exactly how much it cost . 
 your family were nearly among those that were lost , or have you forgotten that . '' 
 he pierced the air between them , with an accusing finger . 
 `` and of course i am eternally grateful for that , but please look at yourself , l'armin . 
 i beg of you , end this now . 
 before we lose you , like we almost have before . '' 
 `` i am not as frail as you all think . 
 i may be the oldest and i may miss the times when we were brave enough to help others . 
 but i am not frail . 
 i can and will help these people . '' 
 l’eshran stood and carefully stepped back . 
 the frustration from having failed to get through to his elder brought about a loud sigh as he then turned away . 
 his audible disappointment marked the end of their short but heartfelt argument . 
 nate wanted to help in some way , but he was worried he 'd only make matters worse by wading in . 
 then again , the suggestion that it was n't the first time the situation had occurred , had him leaning toward a decision that would end the discussion completely . 
 stopping was the only real choice they had left . 
 the problem was convincing l'armin . 
 `` you 've done enough for me l'armin . 
 please , i think it 's best we stop , '' nate said , to the surprise of cameron and helen . 
 he was on l'armin 's side , but even he could see how unwise it was to continue . 
 l'eshran 's concerns had become too hard to deny . 
 for a moment l'armin appeared surprised by nate 's decision , too . 
 but a slight grin once again creased his face , soon after . 
 `` that will not be necessary nathan . 
 i have what you require , '' he said calmly . 
 everyone stopped on the spot . 
 the curiosity was now airborne and highly infectious . 
 nate was not alone in his suffering either , with the whole group having caught the bug . 
 they turned to one another with blank looks , until each came to the same conclusion : l'armin had done more than simply stop the killer from escaping . 
 each began to celebrate with smiles of varying wideness . 
 cameron even went as far as slapping l'armin on the back , his excitement was once again flowing all too freely . 
 l’eshran , however , lowered his head and placed both hands on his waist . 
 he wanted nothing more to do with it . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 what did you do to him ? '' 
 nate pointed to the killer as he spoke . 
 `` i think i may have pushed myself a little too hard . 
 his mind was strong . 
 he resisted me much longer than i 'd expected . '' 
 `` did you find something in there ? '' 
 nate said , aware that helen and cameron were watching with interest . 
 if they did n't know something important was being withheld before , they surely did now . 
 helen fidgeted excitedly next to l'armin . 
 she had figured something out and was fast becoming like a rolling and unmanned train , barrelling dangerously ahead without the self-restraint to pull the breaks on her inquisition . 
 it was coming and when it eventually hit , nate knew she would be unstoppable . 
 cameron on the other hand appeared happy enough to let it go . 
 he hardly noticed the odd conversation nate and l'armin were having . 
 instead , he continued to watch with a blank look on his face that suggested he thought it all above his pay grade . 
 `` i did . 
 a memory that serves your purpose well , '' l'armin said . 
 helen gently placed her hand on nate 's shoulder to draw his attention . 
 he ignored her and desperately attempted to avoid the inevitable , at least for the moment . 
 too much had been discussed in front of her to keep it a secret any longer . 
 for the time being he chose rudeness over honesty . 
 `` can you show us ? 
 i mean , is it safe for you to show us ? '' 
 nate continued , while keeping his eye contact with helen to a minimum . 
 this time she pulled at his arm and with much more force than before . 
 she was becoming impatient with every word he and l'armin exchanged . 
 `` i believe so . 
 the memory is now shared between myself and the killer . 
 we must be quick though , it will not last long . 
 i will need some help to open the rift , too . 
 i fear i may be slightly weak , '' l'armin finally admitted . 
 `` got it . 
 and thank-you , '' nate said . 
 the patience had now run out for helen . 
 she pulled nate 's arm back so hard that it tugged uncomfortably at the shoulder socket . 
 it forced him to face her . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she said , with a scornful expression painted across her face . 
 nate turned away . 
 he shared an unspoken exchange with l'armin , who returned his answer by shaking his head . 
 it was all nate needed to see . 
 l'armin was understandably reluctant to tell helen , or anyone else , the truth . 
 the risk to his people was already too high . 
 it highlight just how much trust they had placed in nate by telling him . 
 `` it 's the rings , like you told me , '' he said . 
 helen did n't buy it for a second and instead pushed again for a proper answer . 
 `` but it 's more than that is n't it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' she snapped . 
 `` it 's complicated ok ? 
 these ring beings are able to do some weird shit . 
 look , there 's something more pressing that we need to do . '' 
 nate turned away again , using his shoulder as a temporary barrier between them this time . 
 l'armin sent him a smile . 
 his discretion had been noted . 
 `` are you absolutely sure you want to do this l'armin ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 `` yes . 
 we must finish what we started . '' 
 `` but what about what l'eshran said ? '' 
 `` i appreciate your concern , nathan . 
 but we have come too far to give up . 
 l'eshran worries for me because i am the oldest . 
 he does not understand the ability our people have , as i do . 
 it was meant to be used in this way . '' 
 `` i 've seen what you went through in this place , though . 
 i have to say , i kind of agree with him . 
 is it worth the risk to carry on ? 
 we can find the evidence another way , surely . '' 
 `` this is the best way . 
 the assassin has many secrets and he has kept them for a very long time . 
 he will not tell you anything . 
 what i have found will show you exactly what you need . 
 you will have little time to find it , however . 
 even with l’eshran 's help , we must hurry . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes , time is limited . '' 
 `` in that case , let 's do it . 
 i promise we 'll be quick as well . '' 
 nate turned back to helen , but she spoke before he had the chance to . 
 `` we ? '' 
 she said , surprised . 
 nate smiled with excitement . 
 `` you said you wanted to see proof . 
 well , this is it . '' 
 finally helen 's fidgeting had stopped . 
 chapter 17 nate 's left leg still throbbed as helen helped him struggle to his feet . 
 it took some of the weight , although he had little confidence in its support . 
 he could feel the muscles twitch while a shooting pain ran up and down it . 
 if he stay still , it settled . 
 unfortunately , staying still was the last thing he wanted to do . 
 he knew he was lucky to have come away with at most a few broken bones . 
 his younger self had sustained much more damage and he 'd survived that . 
 this is nothing , he thought , just an inconvenience . 
 his confidence lasted until another bout of pain spread through him . 
 nate looked across to cameron who tended his bruises with spit and a folded handkerchief . 
 he was looking slightly unsteady on his feet as he dabbed his head . 
 that he could manage to stand at all was a testament to the dedication he had to the job . 
 considering someone almost half his size had knocked him clean out . 
 which nate suspected had hurt much more than any physical injuries . 
 the memory he and helen were about to witness had a very real chance of placing cameron in the roll of the intended fall-guy . 
 he did n't deserve that , he 'd already been through enough in nate 's eyes . 
 still , framing cameron as the killer had an unavoidable logic to it that he resented being privy to . 
 all he could do for now was hope . 
 the answers were only moments away . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he said to helen , who nervously bit her bottom lip . 
 `` i still do n't understand how you 're going to show me . 
 if these ring beings are responsible , then what did l'armin do ? '' 
 she said , once again pushing for answers he did not want to give . 
 `` just trust me ok ? '' 
 he replied , followed by a hop . 
 she helped him move by placing an arm around his back and tucking her head neatly under his other arm , before then pushing up . 
 nate was immediately pleased to feel a portion of his weight disappear . 
 he still tried his best not to lean on her too much . 
 he did n't want to test her strength to breaking point . 
 as they were about to head over to l’eshran , cameron stopped them . 
 `` can i just say something , sir , '' he said with a disheartened look on his face . 
 helen spoke before nate had a chance . 
 `` make it quick , '' she said . 
 `` sure . 
 i want to apologise for failing you earlier . 
 i should have had this under control . 
 i did n't and i 'm sorry for that . '' 
 nate just about managed to hold back his anger . 
 he was furious . 
 how could cameron think he 'd done anything wrong ? 
 the truth was the complete opposite and he needed to know it . 
 if not for his own poor balance , nate would have grabbed him by the arms and shaken him vigorously , until he agreed he 'd done exactly the right thing . 
 thinking anything else was just absurd . 
 `` none of this is your fault cameron , none of it . 
 you saved my life . 
 i 'm standing here now because of you . 
 so you 've nothing to apologise for , especially to me . 
 ok ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` yes , sir , '' cameron replied . 
 his unwillingness to look directly at nate suggested he was agreeing reluctantly . 
 `` now , the killer is still out cold . 
 i need you to tie him up or something , keep him secure until we 're back . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 he 'll be sleeping for a while , i 'll make sure this time , '' cameron said , while rubbing the discoloured side of his face again with his handkerchief . 
 the attention he 'd lavished on his wound appeared to have reddened it further . 
 `` look after l'armin as well . 
 he 's a little dazed , i think , '' nate said . 
 `` will do . '' 
 cameron trundled over to the killer at a laboured pace that implied he still thought he 'd let the group down . 
 nate knew otherwise . 
 he was certain all of the blame should be placed at his own feet . 
 no-one would have been in danger had he not been hell-bent on catching the assassin in the first place . 
 cameron 's apology may have been unnecessary , but his own was still due . 
 while making little attempt to do so carefully , cameron began roughly pulling the killer 's lifeless body into a seated position . 
 he had absolutely no fear of waking the sleeping monster that still haunted nate . 
 or was the lack of fear actually anger ? 
 nate could n't tell . 
 he took a moment to consider whether he should be more concerned about cameron killing the monster , than the other way around . 
 with l'eshran and l'armin staying behind , nate decided he was happy enough to leave cameron with the assassin . 
 besides , there was something more delicate he had to attend to anyway . 
 he still needed to get l'eshran on board . 
 without his help , they were going nowhere . 
 nate and helen approached cautiously . 
 neither of them really wanted to be the one who had to speak . 
 the anger l'eshran had shown earlier would surely be aimed at them this time , and they would deserve it too . 
 so when the moment came , they stopped and silently stared at each other , hoping the other would begin talking . 
 nate soon realised that he had no choice . 
 `` l’eshran ? 
 can we have a word ? '' 
 he said . 
 there was no reply . 
 l’eshran stood with his back still facing them . 
 there was no reaction at all to their question , not even a flinch . 
 for a little while they could only interpret and anticipate his mood . 
 he had at least moved in the last few minutes . 
 although with his arms now firmly crossed , reciprocity was n't in any way inferred . 
 `` l’eshran ? '' 
 nate said again . 
 finally a reaction . 
 l'eshran lowered his head to meet his chest , before returning upright again seconds later . 
 he let out a long breath and then turned to face them . 
 `` as you wish , '' he said . 
 `` i will assist you . 
 but after this you must all leave . '' 
 nate was surprised by the sudden answer . 
 he had n't even asked anything yet . 
 there was n't time to reply either , before l’eshran walked away to join l'armin . 
 the two had obviously spoken about it already , telepathically no less , and were eager to start . 
 after a quick hobble back , nate and helen were also ready to begin -- although nate had a growing sense of worry that he kept to himself . 
 he nodded to l'armin and l'eshran , who both returned his gesture . 
 if the others felt as nervous as he did , they were equally as good at hiding it . 
 l'armin held his hands together and closed his eyes . 
 he stayed sitting down . 
 a frown began to form as he concentrated hard . 
 l’eshran did the same but remained standing , still much straighter than was ever necessary . 
 a bead of sweat ran down l'armin 's nose as he tried to open another rift . 
 it would have to be the last time he asked his friend to do this , nate decided . 
 it was clearly taking it out of him . 
 the moment the rift popped open , helen moved her hand off nate 's chest and covered her eyes . 
 it was bright but it was n't overwhelming his sight as much as before . 
 as he peered in he was sure he could make out more of the rift this time . 
 however ethereal a thing it was , there was substance and possibly even a structure to it that he had n't seen before . 
 nate could feel the bones in helen 's shoulder as he continued to lean into her . 
 their muscles worked in sync , tightening every time they stepped nearer to the rift . 
 after a few more she placed her hand back on nate 's chest for extra support , sending a warmth through him . 
 it took the edge off of the pain temporarily . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` sure , it 's the same as before . 
 right ? '' 
 she replied , with her eyes only slightly open . 
 he smirked slightly as he began to lead the way forward . 
 helen stay put until the last possible moment , only moving when he physically began to pull her along with him . 
 it was then -- and only then -- that she reluctantly followed . 
 soon her grip of him began to squeeze his chest and push forcefully against his ribs . 
 she was n't enjoying the sensation at all , nate saw . 
 he wrapped his arms around her protectively , to show he was still there with her . 
 the more into the light they strayed , the more her grasp had become an embrace . 
 once through they found themselves in the middle of a small crowd making its way down a long hallway . 
 nate had to suddenly leap to the side just to avoid them . 
 he instantly regretted the sudden jerk he was forced to inflict on his body . 
 after a quick check he was thankful to see helen was ok . 
 she was still unwilling to let go until her sight had returned fully , but she was unharmed . 
 once she had regained her vision she rubbed her eyes . 
 when she realised how close she had gotten to nate she was compelled to create a little more distance between them . 
 she seemed a little embarrassed . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she said . 
 after a quick look around she suddenly pointed to a plaque mounted on the wall at the end of the hallway . 
 `` this is the third floor of the hotel . 
 why are we here ? '' 
 nate saw a row of lifts next to where helen had spotted the sign . 
 a steady flow of guests entered and exited them , all following their preordained paths . 
 surely the killer would n't use them ? 
 no , nate was certain he would n't . 
 `` because the killer is somewhere in here . 
 this is his memory , '' nate said while surveying the faces scurrying to catch one of the lifts , just in case he 'd been wrong to assume the killer was n't there . 
 the doors along the hall were numbered in a few different languages . 
 the usual selection were on display . 
 but -- as was normally the case -- none of them were recognisably human . 
 most people would have taken this as a sign that they 'd ventured too far . 
 not so for nate . 
 he was used to this , after so many years far from home . 
 he gestured to the text above the nearest door . 
 `` they do n't get many visitors from earth here do they ? '' 
 `` you 're the one who asked for somewhere different , '' helen replied rather sharply . 
 nate brushed off helen 's change in tone and continued to assess the area . 
 he knew that behind one of the wooden doors , inlaid with decorative brass strips , rest the final conclusive proof . 
 but which room was it ? 
 the hall was long and with more than ten on each side , too many to search by themselves . 
 besides , l'armin had warned that time was limited . 
 they needed another way . 
 it occurred to him that the bastard had had the gall to use a normal visitor room . 
 the killer was far too confident . 
 he 'd never even tried to hide . 
 this only infuriated nate further ; another irritation to accompany his many others . 
 `` any idea where to start ? 
 room service ? '' 
 nate joked . 
 helen threw his arm away , nearly sending him tumbling to the floor . 
 `` how should i know which bloody room it is , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to -- '' `` i got what you meant . 
 you still think i knew about all of this , do n't you ? '' 
 `` i do n't . 
 i mean , i did n't . 
 look , i know i can trust you . '' 
 `` then show it . '' 
 she crossed her arms and stubbornly refused to continue any further . 
 `` what did l'armin do earlier ? '' 
 it was hopeless . 
 he could see he had no choice . 
 the ambush had him completely off kilter . 
 she had kept all of her anger squirrelled away until they were alone . 
 all of the wriggle room he had before was now but a distant memory . 
 here and now , he had nowhere to go . 
 she had him dead centre in her headlights . 
 if he told her , it would be a betrayal to l'armin and l’eshran . 
 but equally , if he kept it from her any longer it would undermine his argument . 
 the dilemma had him totally stymied . 
 he 'd tried to bluff it earlier and failed . 
 it came down to whose trust he would have to break . 
 he just hoped l'armin would understand he had no real choice . 
 she had him trapped and time was rapidly running out . 
 `` fine . 
 but this is something that can not be shared , under any circumstances , '' he said , while finding something else to lean against . 
 a small bin to his side fit the bill perfectly . 
 helen 's closed posture faltered slightly as the conversation shifted in tone . 
 her arms remained linked , but they had since dropped a few inches . 
 `` l'armin 's people are capable of more than you know . 
 they are the one 's doing all of this , not the beings . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 helen said . 
 `` so it 's them ? 
 why not tell people that ? '' 
 `` because if everyone knew it would leave them open to abuse . 
 it happened to them before . 
 so you ca n't tell anybody this . 
 do you understand ? 
 they 'd lose more than you can imagine if it ever got out . '' 
 helen nodded . 
 her eyes were wide with amazement as her brain feasted upon the newly gained knowledge . 
 the secret was out . 
 nate just hoped it did n't prove fatal . 
 no-one gained anything from revealing it anyway , only someone spiteful would share it . 
 he knew that was n't in her nature . 
 after all he 'd known her for a few years and he was sure he had an accurate depiction of her character . 
 he tried to move their attention away from the betrayal that ate at his insides , by approaching the nearest door and knocking politely . 
 immediately he missed the comforting balance the bin had afforded him . 
 when no-one answered he gestured to helen to do the same on the door opposite . 
 but again there was no answer . 
 all of the heat in his body began to congregate in his head as he continued to struggle with his guilt . 
 it caused the hallway to stretch and bend in front of him . 
 he could picture l'armin 's face and he looked sad , like he 'd been crying . 
 nate wondered just how connected they had become . 
 he could almost feel his presence in the hallway , like an ethereal mind , hovering and judging . 
 and he was n't at all happy about his secret having escaped from nate 's lips . 
 behind him a door slammed shut unexpectedly . 
 it startled him , breaking his mind free of the guilt ridden daydream . 
 he spun around and saw that a guest had exited their room and was wandering toward the stairs , at the opposite end of the hall to the lifts . 
 once satisfied that this person was n't the killer , he continued his search in the other direction -- with a slightly faster heartbeat than before . 
 he could see ahead that helen had continued knocking on doors , oblivious to his distracted state . 
 he could also see there was no way for him to reach her quickly without doing himself more damage . 
 instead he tried the handle of the door he 'd already knocked on . 
 just in case it were that easy . 
 but once again , nothing . 
 `` over here , '' helen called to him . 
 nate turned to see her following closely behind a disturbingly familiar figure , heading his way . 
 the assassin 's head was covered as expected , and with only the reflection of the lights to discern the eyes ; just pin-pricks hidden beneath a veil of black . 
 he wore the same long overcoat garment , which parted slightly with each step he took . 
 almost casually -- even nonchalantly -- he strolled along the corridor , not at all like he was planning a murder . 
 none of the guests reacted to him as he walked past . 
 he 'd obviously exited a lift in his usual stealthy manner . 
 except , in the more welcoming surroundings of the hotel , he now appeared much less threatening . 
 at least relative to the others that inhabited the hotel , in all their various shapes and colours . 
 the killer was once again on the loose and worst of all , comfortable in plain sight . 
 this filled nate with sudden dread . 
 he had been much closer to death then he 'd realised . 
 during his first day at the hotel he may have passed the killer on multiple occasions and never known it . 
 it was impossible for nate to work out when this scene had occurred . 
 it could have been before or after the attempt on his life , he could n't tell . 
 as the killer approached , the answer mattered less and less to him . 
 he tried his best to remind himself that this version of the monster had no teeth and was totally harmless . 
 but it did little to stem his trepidation . 
 tame beasts can still turn , he thought . 
 `` which room is yours then , you son-of-a-bitch , '' he said . 
 with helen in tow the killer stopped by a room , turned to face the door and produced a key . 
 then with a wary look down the hall -- in both directions -- he unlocked the room and quickly entered , leaving the door to shut by itself . 
 nate and helen followed closely behind and soon found themselves deep within the beast 's lair . 
 inside the room there appeared to be nothing out of the ordinary . 
 it was fairly standard . 
 although not as high a standard as nate 's room . 
 he felt a perverted sense of satisfaction at having noticed this . 
 the pair of them watched the assassin in silence , too scared to make a sound . 
 he walked to a spot two or so metres from the door , and began to run his hand across the smooth surface of the wall . 
 there was n't anything there that nate could see . 
 yet the killer 's odd procedure was purposeful and suggested otherwise , like he was searching for something . 
 whatever was there took a few seconds to materialize , followed by a beam of light that emanated out to the opposite wall . 
 it was a small box that the killer had hidden somehow . 
 it had been invisible before . 
 after deactivating what nate assumed must have been a security warning system or booby-trap , the killer headed over to the bed . 
 there in the middle sat another device , this time a small black cube no more than fifteen or so centimetres in size and with urgently flashing lights along its top edge . 
 it sat inside a large , brushed metal case that lay open , with its hinged lid resting flat on the bed behind . 
 next to it in the padded case was an empty and suspiciously shaped slot . 
 nate knew right away that this was where the killer 's weapon would normally reside . 
 he shuddered at the thought . 
 his face still tingled long after the shot had gone off so close to him . 
 it had n't left any more than a mental scare , luckily . 
 helen stood next to him as they continued to spy on the killer . 
 he could feel her hand on his arm , a protective gesture that he appreciated . 
 they watched as the killer went about his business . 
 he did n't appear to be in any rush or panic . 
 everything he did was with thought and accuracy , with nothing placed randomly or even at uneven angles . 
 each and every item was placed exactly as the killer 's compulsive nature dictated . 
 perhaps it was a sign of apprehension about the job he had been tasked with . 
 this hinted to nate that it was before the attempt on his life . 
 a quick peek to the window confirmed it for him . 
 the large beam of light that had marked the start of the festival had n't been lit yet . 
 there was still time for the killer to attend to other matters . 
 the flashing device was next on the agenda . 
 the assassin began by folding out the top half into two pieces . 
 now its surface was double the original size . 
 it appeared to be a computer , with strange keys spread out around a coin sized lens in the middle . 
 after a few taps of the keys the middle section sprung into life . 
 it projected a hovering and semi-transparent display above , with a number of busy icons all whizzing about . 
 every input the assassin made altered the icons in some way , causing things to shoot about the display in mid-air . 
 `` what do you suppose he 's doing ? '' 
 helen whispered . 
 `` i have no idea , '' nate said as he moved closer to the device . 
 he tried his best to make out any words that were possibly hidden among the icons . 
 but it was all gibberish to him , hardly recognisable as a language at all . 
 it meant something to the killer though . 
 he worked with fluid motions , his hands darting from side to side . 
 he moved things around the air like a child playing intently with its favourite toy . 
 every now and again he held an object for longer and studied it with his nose as much as his eyes . 
 nate suspected the killer was once again picking up more than was immediately apparent . 
 after a minute or so of tapping and swiping at the air , he finally stopped and turned his attention to something in his pocket . 
 whatever it was it rustled as he manipulated it . 
 he eventually produced a piece of paper , which helen recognised straight away . 
 `` wait ... '' she managed to say before the realisation had hit her . 
 `` i gave him that . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 the killer flattened out the paper on the bed , patting it until satisfied with its shape . 
 he then produced another device from the metal case , which beeped politely as he activated it . 
 with the paper held up in his left hand , he waved the device over the paper with his right . 
 it lit up and began to send a horizontal line of green light up and down the blank page . 
 line by line an image began to form on the hovering display . 
 nate and helen watched intently as the picture slowly formed in front of them . 
 by the end of the process , a fairly detailed digital representation of the recently appointed head of maddox industries had appeared . 
 even though it was unquestionably his likeness , some small details had been lost , no doubt because of the unusual way it had reached the killer . 
 `` no , '' helen said , leaning back against the nearby wall . 
 `` i gave him the details of the hit . '' 
 nate turned his back to the killer and focused on her . 
 `` you did n't know , helen . 
 the image was hidden . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i was involved all along and did n't know . 
 stuart told me to deliver it to someone while we were here . 
 you were right . 
 he used me to get you killed . '' 
 `` that 's what we 're here to prove . '' 
 nate placed a supportive hand of her shoulder and looked straight into her eyes . 
 she nodded but moved her gaze away at the same time . 
 the thought of being involved was clearly a difficult one to take . 
 her whole demeanour changed as he held her . 
 she appeared to shrink right in front of him , dropping her shoulders and lowering her head to escape him . 
 now he was propping her up more than she were him . 
 they remained in position for a minute or two , until she wriggled away to find a space a few feet away . 
 there she wrapped her arms around herself tightly , closing herself off to the world . 
 the assassin 's movements did little to distract her from whatever thoughts wreaked havoc in her head . 
 `` this is n't your fault , helen , '' nate said . 
 he hated to see her in such a bad way . 
 she was always so confident and strong . 
 this was n't the helen he knew well . 
 this helen was more , real . 
 he realised that the barrier that had always stood between them had been shattered . 
 they were no longer interacting as a boss and an employee , but friends . 
 he wanted to help her and knew she wanted the same . 
 he reached for her and then waited tentatively to see her reaction . 
 now much closer together , she glanced up at him . 
 her eyes were beginning to shine behind new tears . 
 suddenly she threw herself forward and wrapped her arms around his middle . 
 she squeezed tightly while she buried her head into his chest . 
 `` i would never do this to you , '' she said , her words partially muffled . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm so sorry you were dragged into this . '' 
 she moved her head from his chest and peered deep up into his eyes . 
 in that moment nothing else mattered to nate . 
 the killer could have pulled out a pistol and shot him on the spot , he did n't care . 
 her face took up his entire world . 
 he concentrated on each and every part of her , appreciating the uninterrupted closeness they suddenly shared . 
 the moment lasted much longer than he thought was ever possible . 
 the urge to then lower his head to meet hers was too much to resist . 
 their foreheads rested against each other for a second , before she then moved her lips up to his and gently pressed them together . 
 she withdrew , but the bridge had already been crossed ; there was no going back now . 
 the second touch of their lips was more forceful as they fell hopelessly into each other . 
 nate 's head buzzed as heat rushed about his body in a blind panic . 
 she was soft and the touch of her skin felt statically charged as it tingled in his hands . 
 it was too much at once for him to concentrate on any one thing in particular . 
 instead he let it flow over him , carrying him along like a sweet summer breeze . 
 however many times he 'd imagined this moment , it never came close to what he now felt . 
 but just as he felt the need to squeeze her even tighter , something disturbed them . 
 a voice broke the moment , ushering them back to the world they had so happily escaped . 
 it was stuart . 
 chapter 18 `` why are you calling me ? '' 
 stuart 's voice came through the device on the bed like the thunderous roar of an angry storm . 
 nate and helen watched as he appeared . 
 there was no time to consider what the kiss meant for their relationship . 
 instead it was put to the back of their minds as the horrific sight of stuart 's giant face hovered in front of them . 
 he looked seriously pissed off too . 
 the veins in the sides of his neck throbbed as he frowned . 
 `` we need to talk , '' the killer said , while he continued to fiddle with something on the table by the far wall . 
 his back was turned to the display ; a rude gesture not unnoticed by stuart . 
 nate and helen held each other as the conversation played out in front of them . 
 they were spectators to a show neither of them particular wanted to watch . 
 but they knew they had to see it through to the end . 
 `` i told you never to contact me , sarl , '' stuart said . 
 `` then it appears we have both broken our promises , '' the killer replied . 
 stuart raised his giant left eyebrow , moving the top of its arch just out of view . 
 `` what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 he said . 
 his face was almost three times its normal size as it floated above the bed , like a decapitated ghoul . 
 if he 'd moved back only two or more feet from the screen , it would have been more of an acceptable size . 
 but then he never was comfortable with technology , nate remembered . 
 the killer held up the paper helen had given him and suddenly spun around to face the display . 
 nate could now make out what the assassin -- or sarl -- had been tampering with on the table . 
 in his right hand was his weapon . 
 it shined proudly after many a habitual polishing . 
 `` the target is much higher profile than we agreed . 
 also , he has protection with him . 
 killing nathan maddox will cost you a lot more than our usual price , '' he said . 
 someone knocked on stuart 's door in the background . 
 when he gave no reply , the sound of a squeaky door handle being turned echoed through the device . 
 to his obvious annoyance , the person had begun to enter anyway . 
 `` not now , '' he shouted . 
 the door slammed shut again abruptly . 
 `` fine . 
 what will it cost ? 
 name your price . 
 and do n't wave your gun around like that , you 're not frightening anyone . '' 
 sarl turned and delicately placed the gun back down on the table . 
 `` i want the girl , '' he said with his back to the display again . 
 stuart leaned away from the screen and angled his head back . 
 he interlocked his fingers before moving them up and allowing his double chin to rest atop them . 
 then for an amount of time far too long to be considered polite , he considered sarl 's proposal in silence . 
 a random spot above his screen attracted his sight as he did so . 
 classic delay tactics , nate thought . 
 `` what do you want with her ? '' 
 he said finally . 
 `` he 's actually considering it , '' helen shouted . 
 sarl faced stuart again , but he said nothing . 
 there was no real need for words , his crooked grin made his intentions abundantly clear . 
 `` i ca n't let you have her , '' stuart said , his face once again filling the entire display and eclipsing his surroundings . 
 `` tell you what , just to keep it worth your while , i 'll double the pay . 
 how 's that ? '' 
 `` perhaps i 'm not making myself clear , stuart . 
 i want the girl or the deal is off . 
 or would you rather nathan maddox lived ? '' 
 sarl began to pace up and down the room slowly . 
 `` time is running out , '' he added mid-step . 
 `` what an arsehole , '' helen said . 
 nate agreed with her sentiment , but he could n't help but notice how utterly engrossed in the scene she had become . 
 her grip on him repeatedly tightened and then loosened as stuart and sarl spoke . 
 each time she squeezed his arm he felt another sudden rush of heat run through him . 
 their kiss had him feeling quite flustered still . 
 an exaggerated sigh escaped stuart 's mouth that translated into a hiss of static through the device on the bed . 
 it was strong enough to bounce repeated around the room and almost knock over a nearby lamp . 
 clearly the negotiations were not going his way . 
 he was beginning to resemble a cornered animal as he growled to clear his throat . 
 he loosened his collar to allow the rising heat to escape . 
 this animal , however , was well adapted to defending itself , nate well knew . 
 `` i 'll say this once more , sarl , then i 'm going to get angry . 
 she 's not part of this deal . 
 get the job done and you 'll be rewarded justly . 
 do n't and i 'll bury you . 
 understand ? '' 
 stuart said . 
 the second he 'd finished speaking sarl stopped and turned to the screen . 
 his bravado had n't been as effective as he 'd assumed it would be . 
 if anything it had set a small fire inside sarl that threatened to burst from his eyes . 
 `` you 'll bury me ? '' 
 the grin vanished from sarl 's face and was replaced by a deeply troubling stare . 
 `` if you were here i 'd tear you in two . '' 
 `` that may be so , but i have enough information regarding your handy-work , to have you sent to the worst shit-hole prison planet you can imagine . 
 so do n't forget who you 're messing with here . '' 
 after a short deliberation sarl loosened his face and allowed the beginnings of a smile to sneak in . 
 `` you 're not the only one with a back-up plan . '' 
 stuart 's change in expression suggested he did n't like the idea of having unintentionally compromised himself somehow . 
 he slid his chair away from the screen , accidentally bashing it into the table behind . 
 a sloshing sound of a liquid spilling could be heard in the background . 
 the drink he 'd rested on his desk had evidently been tipped over . 
 `` you have nothing , '' he said . 
 sarl pulled open the top of his overcoat to reveal a small emblem that looked to nate like a dagger impaling a dragon like creature . 
 it was definitely of huge importance to sarl and was close to him at all times . 
 he pulled it away from his neck . 
 the string holding it in place snapped easily as he yanked it away suddenly . 
 its small size allowed it to be concealed in his palm . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 stuart leaned forward to get a better look at the item that had him so suddenly worried . 
 `` my back-up plan . 
 this is a small and encrypted data storage device with all the details of your requested handy-work . 
 you release yours and i 'll release mine . '' 
 sarl laughed as he continued . 
 `` you humans so often think you 're the only intelligent life out here . '' 
 `` we 've got him , '' nate said , excitedly . 
 just as sarl 's laughter began to dwindle , stuart joined in . 
 he heaved his bulbous weight into the back of the chair as his throaty chuckle built . 
 the sudden movement put his seat under immense strain , causing it to creak and moan in chorus with his joyful motions . 
 `` excellent , '' he said . 
 `` so then . 
 what is your answer ? '' 
 stuart shrugged . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` that bastard , '' helen said , again clutching nate tightly . 
 `` and what of this guard ? '' 
 sarl said . 
 stuart 's laughing stopped all of a sudden . 
 `` cameron ? '' 
 he said , surprised . 
 `` oh , i would n't worry about him . 
 he 's useless . 
 just get the job done , and then we 'll discuss the girl . 
 will that do ? '' 
 nate suddenly felt like a tiny weight had been lifted off of him . 
 cameron was never the intended fall guy . 
 his poor track record made him the perfect one for the job , in stuart 's eyes at least . 
 but he was n't to be framed for the murder , after all . 
 and in reality he had proven the worst possible choice . 
 nate had seen that his life was never at risk so long as cameron was there . 
 it still felt good to know for certain . 
 the emblem was placed carefully onto the bed . 
 again sarl left stuart waiting for an answer . 
 he was in no rush to agree to the terms that had been so expertly put to him . 
 for a moment or two he thought it over . 
 as he did he slowly crossed his arms , with his overcoat still flapping open . 
 underneath , his clothing stuck to his skin like a tight second layer . 
 `` that will do , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 'm glad you think so . 
 now , do n't contact me again until it 's done , '' stuart replied before cutting off the connection . 
 nate was full of conflicting emotions . 
 he was overjoyed at having been handed the very evidence needed to implicate stuart in the attempt on his life . 
 but the callous nature in which stuart and sarl had negotiated over helen sickened him . 
 he dared not think about what would have come of her if their plan had succeeded instead of his . 
 it made him never want to let go of her again . 
 during all of the posturing nate had seen a side of stuart that he was becoming quite familiar with . 
 he realised he 'd never really known stuart at all , only the well-orchestrated fascia that concealed his true nature . 
 at least sarl had never hidden his . 
 somehow this made nate more fearful of stuart . 
 he had also been surprised by their interplay . 
 even though the two of them occupied very different worlds , they were comfortable in each other 's . 
 they had been more like two competing predators , fighting for territory , than an employer to an employee . 
 something sarl had said worried him even more deeply though : killing nathan maddox will cost a lot more than the usual price , he 'd said . 
 usual price ? 
 how many killings had he been paid to carry out ? 
 nate concluded that sarl must have had a hand in stuart 's success over the years . 
 perhaps this was the reason stuart was so good at his job in the first place . 
 problems possibly just disappeared for him . 
 `` nate ? '' 
 helen said . 
 he had slipped into another daydream . 
 this time the monsters had been all around him , salivating at his tempting flesh . 
 given enough time and opportunity these two monsters would have covered their lair in the bones of their victims . 
 his spot was where it had always been , except now a new space had opened up , for helen . 
 it was time to slay these particular monsters . 
 he snapped back to reality to find helen pulling his head down to face hers . 
 `` nate , '' she said again . 
 `` i want to leave this place . '' 
 `` what ? 
 sure , come on , '' he replied . 
 as helen headed for the door he took one last look back . 
 sarl continued to prepare for the job he 'd ended up making a spectacular mess of . 
 his conversation with stuart had left a smile across his face . 
 nate could just imagine the depraved things the killer was planning to do to helen . 
 whatever punishment he and stuart would get for their deeds , nate knew it would n't be nearly enough . 
 it did n't give him much comfort to think about it either . 
 killing him was one thing . 
 what they had planned for helen , however , was unforgivable and scared the life out of him . 
 they deserved far worse than imprisonment for what they had tried to do . 
 nate had seen enough , he wanted out too . 
 he hobbled into the hallway where the exit shined like a beacon of hope . 
 the entire day had led to this one last struggle to the rift exit . 
 once through it would be finished and he could put it to rest . 
 one last obstacle between him and the end . 
 helen wandered ahead , keeping a little distance between them . 
 he hoped it was due to an eagerness to leave rather than a desire to get away from him . 
 she approached the rift exit and disappeared back through it , never once looking back . 
 nate had to skip the last few steps just to keep up . 
 then sure enough he was once again exploring a familiar light . 
 as it cleared he was n't greeted by the haunting red sky and barren landscape he had expected . 
 instead the hotel sat a few hundred metres away , in the background . 
 it was bathed in the same pleasing glow that emanated from the rings high above . 
 they were back among the festival goers . 
 sat on the floor , no more than two metres from where the rift had been , was sarl . 
 he was now awake and looking wholly defeated . 
 his legs and hands were secured with restraints made entirely out of cameron 's black shoelaces . 
 he could n't go anywhere . 
 but just to be safe cameron was resting his right knee against sarl 's back , to pin him in place . 
 `` welcome back , '' cameron said with a grin . 
 `` we were beginning to worry . '' 
 he prodded sarl to coax a nod of agreement out of him . 
 he did n't get one . 
 l'armin sat on the floor to the side with his eyes closed . 
 he was engrossed in thought , so much so that he did n't immediately acknowledge their return . 
 l’eshran was knelt down beside him and looking as concerned as ever . 
 `` he 's been like that for about ten minutes . 
 he said something about using all of his strength to keep the rift open , '' cameron said . 
 `` it required us both , '' l’eshran interrupted , never taking his eyes off of his friend for a second . 
 `` but i fear it has taken more of l'armin than it has me . '' 
 helen went over to check on l'armin . 
 she tried gently to nudge him out of his trance like state by rocking his shoulder . 
 after a few seconds he responded and snapped his eyes open . 
 he looked around to see that the rift had now closed . 
 he focused then on helen before moving onto nate , who watched from behind . 
 `` we got it , buddy , '' nate said . 
 l'armin dropped his shoulders in relief . 
 he could finally relax . 
 `` then we are done here , '' l’eshran said before quickly returning to his feet . 
 to his disappointment none of the other 's appeared ready to leave just yet . 
 there was something important nate wanted to do and it could n't wait . 
 he moved over to sarl . 
 he knew the emblem would be on him somewhere , it had to be . 
 it would n't have been a very good bargaining chip if he 'd left it behind . 
 `` where 's the data stick ? '' 
 he said . 
 sarl met nate 's angry glare and smirked . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 he said , looking up from his arched position . 
 `` do n't play dumb with me . 
 the data stick you threatened stuart with earlier . '' 
 `` sorry , ca n't help you . 
 how 's the leg , by the way ? '' 
 nate ignored the question and gestured to cameron to pick his prisoner up . 
 he did so as roughly as he could manage , clearly stamping his authority on the situation . 
 once up , sarl took a chance to swing his bound up arms around in protest . 
 it did little to free him , the shoelaces had been expertly tied after all . 
 even if they had snapped , nothing was about to loosen cameron 's grip on him . 
 greatly adding to nate 's irritation , all of sarl 's pockets were empty . 
 he searched every inch of them but could n't find the emblem in any of them . 
 he opened the top of sarl 's black skin-tight shirt , hoping to see the emblem hanging from his neck . 
 but it was n't there either . 
 `` shit , i ca n't find it , '' he said , feeling a sense of dread sneak up on him . 
 he continued to pat sarl down , making sure he had n't missed anything . 
 he had n't . 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 cameron said . 
 nate continued to search , he was n't about to give up just yet . 
 except sarl 's confident smile suggested he knew it was n't anywhere near where nate was looking . 
 `` a little emblem , thing , '' nate said . 
 `` looks like a sword stabbing a dragon . 
 we 've got to -- '' `` i 've got something , '' helen interrupted . 
 they turned to see helen standing by sarl 's overcoat , which lay loose on the cold floor . 
 nate suddenly remembered seeing it fall to the ground during their altercation in the bar , after it had become ensnared . 
 he clenched his fists with excitement when he saw it , in all its ragged glory . 
 helen continued to pick it up with care , choosing to hang it from her fingers . 
 she held it away from herself so it could n't inadvertently touch any other part of her . 
 all of a sudden sarl began to fidget on the spot . 
 nate swore he caught a glimpse of panic in his eyes as the overcoat became the centre of attention . 
 `` you left it in there ? '' 
 nate said , ushering helen over to him . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' sarl replied . 
 `` really ? 
 because you look a little worried . '' 
 sarl looked down at his feet , he did n't appear to be willing to watch anymore . 
 nate firmly gripped the overcoat before taking it from helen -- who became visibly relieved to have handed it away . 
 he was so afraid it would vanish out of existence if he did n't hold it tight . 
 everything had led to this point . 
 it quickly began to heat up in his hand ; a comforting thing to remind him it was there and not going anywhere . 
 the weight of it surprised him , it was much heavier than he expected . 
 how sarl had been able to move about so smoothly while wearing it , puzzled him . 
 with the strain beginning to pull his arm down he wasted no time and set about rummaging through it . 
 after only a few light pats of the coat something immediately stuck out , something sharp . 
 he slipped his hand into the inside left pocket and felt an oddly shaped piece of metal . 
 with it now in his palm he could feel the string rubbing against his fingers . 
 as he pulled the emblem out he could n't help but smile . 
 he finally had what he needed . 
 once again sarl began to squirm and wriggle . 
 the sight of the emblem in someone else 's possession appeared deeply distressing to him . 
 `` what are you going to do with that ? '' 
 he said . 
 nate faced him directly and was elated to see a look of fear across his face . 
 `` i 'm going to admire your handy work , '' nate said . 
 finally the monster had been tamed . 
 `` what ? 
 how did you ... there 's no way you could have known about it . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 sarl then began to plead . 
 `` i can explain . 
 look i 'll help you get stuart . 
 just let me have the device . 
 please . '' 
 the emblem swung playfully from nate 's index finger , with a loop wrapped tightly around his wrist . 
 `` i 've got you both , '' he said . 
 this did not go down well with sarl . 
 he began to thrash about violently , surprising cameron . 
 this time he had no chance of escaping . 
 with a swift knee to his chest , the outburst was quickly brought to a conclusion . 
 cameron beamed with obvious glee at having exacted his own revenge . 
 service with a smile , it seemed . 
 `` i 've got you , '' nate repeated . 
 chapter 19 after a good few hours sleep , nate had arisen from his hotel bed and headed straight down to the pool . 
 he waited peacefully by the side of the water for absolutely nothing to happen . 
 the bliss he had wanted the moment he 'd stepped off the transport shuttle was finally his to enjoy . 
 the hell that had ensued soon after arriving now felt like a lifetime ago . 
 the only lingering reminder was his leg , that still throbbed , although much less than before . 
 a doctor had checked it over and repaired the damage as much as he could . 
 it brought a smile to his face , that even in such a technological age , a broken bone was beyond immediate repair . 
 it had been reset but time was still the best fix . 
 at least the painkillers were working . 
 the last he 'd seen of sarl was as the nearby security station 's forces had carted him off . 
 it had still taken a couple of hours for the armoured team to arrive . 
 time cameron had gladly spent subduing him . 
 nate had n't wanted to know how , only that it was being handled . 
 the emblem had stayed with nate . 
 he just was n't willing to part with it . 
 during his sleep he 'd clutched it , keeping it close to his heart . 
 he 'd wound it so tight around his arm that upon waking he 'd realised his hand had become totally numb . 
 it was so important to him , that he was more than happy to cut off a bit of blood supply in order to keep it safe . 
 at a time when he felt safely back in his own surroundings , he would spread out the evidence to all that needed it . 
 the first would be the security force that held sarl . 
 nate knew from the conversation he 'd witnessed that there was enough of it to see him spend the rest of his life somewhere fitting . 
 as he stared into space , plotting his next few moves , something caught his eye . 
 he 'd spotted a pleasing figure walking casually in his direction . 
 it instantly brought a broad smile to his face . 
 `` hey , how you feeling ? '' 
 helen said . 
 `` better , thanks , '' he replied , inadvertently rubbing his leg . 
 `` good . 
 you ready ? '' 
 helen extended out her hand . 
 `` you bet . '' 
 they made their way away from the pool . 
 it was slow progress but still much faster than before nate 's leg had been tended to . 
 this time helen only had to hold on to him to stop him tripping . 
 his weight was once again his burden to bear . 
 ahead nate could see a large gathering of people spread out before them . 
 they watched as a lone figure addressed the calm crowd . 
 from the back it looked like the festival was in full swing , but this was different to the one before . 
 this time the people were still and respectful , not excited and fidgety like they had been during the opening festival . 
 things were drawing to a close . 
 the man on stage was speaking to the crowd in his best and most mystical sounding voice . 
 as they neared the gathering nate could see that he was of the same race , but it was n't l'armin . 
 he 'd evidently given someone else the job of completing the ceremony . 
 of course nate knew it was all just for show ; a convenient lie to protect the truth . 
 l'armin and l’eshran had left as sarl was led away . 
 the entire episode had drained l'armin of his strength . 
 he had used l'eshran to support him after that , as even walking proved difficult . 
 nate just hoped they would have the chance to thank him properly before he and helen were due to leave . 
 eventually they found their designated spot , nate was considered a vip after all . 
 it was about time he made the most of it , he told himself . 
 there they stood and watched as the man atop the large plinth -- or unfinished pyramid as nate still preferred -- spoke to the crowd . 
 `` we thank the beings of the rings for their generous gift , bestowed upon us ... '' the man said . 
 `` it is now time for us to part . '' 
 the crowd cheered as he approached the large lever that had activated the beam of light at the beginning of the festival . 
 the tower of light still reached up to the rings above , just faintly tickling their edge . 
 he stood in front of it , creating as much suspense as he could to add to the illusion . 
 with all of his weight put into one exaggerated movement , the man forced the lever . 
 it clicked and clunked as the heavy , metal mechanisms moved beneath him . 
 eventually it reached its final position , which deactivated the beam . 
 the glow it had bathed the crowd in faded until only the rings remained above . 
 nate felt a quietness flow over him . 
 he stood with helen to his side and peered up . 
 it was beautiful . 
 he had n't been able to appreciate the view properly until now . 
 the rings swept across the sky and cut straight through a clear horizon of stars and galaxies . 
 he could n't tell if it was helen beside him or the thought of nearly dying that made him enjoy it so much . 
 maybe it did n't matter . 
 helen took his hand as they stood contently . 
 he looked to her but she was mesmerised by the view above , her eyes were wider than he 'd ever seen them before . 
 suddenly the view above him had competition , with the sight of helen tipping the balance just slightly . 
 for a moment he kept his eyes in place until helen turned to face him . 
 he was sure he 'd moved his gaze away in time , but a tiny squeeze of his hand suggested otherwise . 
 someone tapped him on the shoulder from behind . 
 he turned to find cameron , l'armin and l’eshran standing there . 
 l'armin still looked a little flushed as l’eshran held him supportively by the arm . 
 for the first time since meeting l'armin , nate thought he appeared as old as he supposedly was . 
 largely due to the extra wrinkles that now framed his eyes . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 nate asked . 
 l'armin answered quickly to stop l'eshran from doing so for him . 
 `` in time , '' he said , `` i will be well . '' 
 cameron leaned his head back and looked up , mimicking others nearby . 
 `` wow , what a sight , '' he said . 
 `` indeed , '' l'armin replied . 
 l’eshran simply grumbled . 
 `` i 've got to say , you 've got a hell of a place here , '' nate said . 
 l'armin tipped his head to the side slightly . 
 `` i suppose we do . '' 
 `` i think what nathan is trying to say is thank-you , for everything , '' helen said . 
 nate laughed . 
 `` that 's what i meant . 
 i could never repay you for what you 've done for me . '' 
 `` that 's better , '' she added , playfully digging her elbow into his side . 
 l'armin laughed quietly as he placed a hand on nate 's shoulder and inadvertently transferred a bit too much of his weight . 
 he was about to speak when l’eshran interrupted . 
 `` with everything now settled i trust you will be leaving ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 nate glanced at helen . 
 `` or we could stay a little longer ? '' 
 after one last and prolonged look at the rings hovering silently above , she answered . 
 `` no , i think there 's something waiting to be done at home . '' 
 nate nodded in agreement . 
 `` in that case , '' he said . 
 `` i have just one more request . '' 
 l’eshran suddenly became more animated . 
 he leant forward and raised his hand , giving the stop signal . 
 `` no . 
 absolutely not . 
 i told you this was over . '' 
 `` i know , but i think l'armin might enjoy this , '' nate said . 
 l'armin tugged gently on l’eshran 's sleeve and silenced his anger instantly . 
 yet the matter was not quite settled . 
 for a moment the two stared intensely at each other . 
 nate assumed they were arguing telepathically again . 
 there were no clear signs of who was winning though . 
 eventually l'armin spoke . 
 `` we are agreed . 
 what is your request ? '' 
 nate smiled , but did not speak . 
 chapter 20 the office was quiet , a little more so than usual . 
 a quick look to the clock confirmed the time was now eight forty-five . 
 another late night of arduous labour was ahead of him , even though he 'd rolled in around five this morning . 
 stuart was still busy though , too busy to really care . 
 he darted about the open-plan office . 
 his was the entire 160th level , where forty-two members of staff spent their working days . 
 with one last check , before he returned to his desk , he confirmed that all of them had left for the evening . 
 he was finally safe to get to his real work , the kind done outside of working hours . 
 stuart was rather nervous , to say the least . 
 he chewed his bottom lip and was again sweating right through a crisp , clean shirt . 
 today he 'd pretty much ruined two already . 
 never mind , he thought , he could simply buy more . 
 he would just have to go easy on his lip , however , as he 'd tasted a tiny bit of blood during his last anxious chomp . 
 the door to his own office was made of solid mahogany and was inlaid with the finest gold décor his pay-cheque allowed . 
 yet he only noticed the creek of its hinges as he pushed it open . 
 the bloody thing had cost him a bomb and was let down by one cheap hinge . 
 once inside his office and back to safety , stuart fumbled for his personal communication device . 
 this was a particularly expensive piece of hand-held kit that he took pride in owning . 
 it allowed him to speak to someone many light years away , and with less than a nanosecond of delay . 
 he swiped the smooth surface of the device to bring it to life . 
 it glowed brightly in the dim lighting of his office . 
 across the top of the display read a message that sent a chill down his spine : recipient is unresponsive . 
 it was no good . 
 however long he stared at it , nothing changed . 
 he had sent countless messages over the past day , all of which came back with the same unhelpful notification . 
 unresponsive ? 
 what was sarl doing ? 
 in frustration he launched the device across the room . 
 a smashing noise soon followed as his expensive toy shattered upon impact with his equally expensive and polished floor . 
 he cared little for it now that his contact had disappeared . 
 his attention then turned to a small black cube , sat on the table behind his desk . 
 he took his seat and swivelled it around to face the device . 
 behind this stretched a night-time scene of heavy traffic that , it could be argued , was almost beautiful . 
 of course his building towered over everything outside , a symbol of high status that he relished in . 
 after a few moments of being distracted by the view , he focused again on the black cube . 
 he opened it up by folding out the top section . 
 this device was actually more standard than his expensive hand-held one . 
 but still its usefulness made it important to him . 
 even though its keys were in an alien text that he struggled to understand . 
 mercifully , sarl had shown him how to use it once before . 
 he concentrated on his earlier lessons , running through each step in turn . 
 no more than three key inputs later and the device erupted into a glorious display of whizzing and whirling icons . 
 the brightness at first caused him to shut his eyes . 
 after a few seconds he was able to interact with the hovering holographic display as fast as he dared . 
 this was of course much slower than he would have liked . 
 he had important things to do , so the delay annoyed him immensely . 
 eventually he managed to initiate a call to his contact . 
 he waited patiently as it tried to connect . 
 it buzzed repeatedly but no-one was answering . 
 `` dammit sarl . 
 answer the call . 
 where the fuck are you ? '' 
 he said , infuriated at the device for not doing as it was told . 
 his outburst sent a dull echo around the room . 
 at first he thought this was what had caught his ear , but soon he was n't so sure . 
 from behind he heard something . 
 he could just about make out the noise of a door slowly swinging open . 
 the squeak from the hinge gave it away . 
 he froze as the device in front of him continued to buzz . 
 the office was empty , he had been certain of it only moments ago . 
 facing the window he peered into the small amount of light that reflected back at him . 
 there was definitely someone else in the room with him , possibly more than one . 
 as he began to lean in and squint one of them came into view . 
 he almost jumped out of his chair when he recognised the face . 
 `` nathan , '' he said , with a certain amount of trepidation . 
 `` turn around stuart . '' 
 was nate 's reply . 
 stuart hesitated as he thought over what to say . 
 he immediately noticed the downward arch of nate 's mouth , accompanied by an unnerving glare . 
 the reflection of his boss was angry . 
 he knew why . 
 `` i was n't expecting you back so soon , '' he said . 
 `` turn around , '' nate again asked . 
 once again stuart was sweating , except now it was coming through his suit . 
 the moisture was n't content with having fully saturated his shirt underneath . 
 his first instinct was to flap his suit jacket open a few times to clear some of the excess heat . 
 after that he decided to quickly deactivate the device in front of him . 
 the last thing he wanted was for sarl to answer at that moment . 
 sweating too much was one thing . 
 why a murderer was calling him , on the other hand , was something altogether more difficult to explain . 
 his chair squeaked as he slowly rotated it . 
 suddenly he could see who else had entered his private sanctum unannounced . 
 in the dim light of his office he could see nate was joined by helen , cameron and two odd looking characters , both of whom were dressed like some kind of monk . 
 `` good to see you all , '' stuart said . 
 the group stared at him . 
 he could almost feel their eyes burning through him . 
 but how much did they know ? 
 he wondered . 
 even if sarl had told them , surely they would n't believe any of it . 
 after all he had worked closely with nate and helen for years . 
 he was confident they would allow him to explain . 
 `` well . 
 where do i start ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how about with this ? '' 
 nate said . 
 stuart was horrified to see nate holding the emblem sarl had threatened him with before . 
 shit , he thought . 
 they knew everything and were there to take him in . 
 he was facing a lynch mob . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he tried to say confidently but stuttered instead . 
 `` it 's what 's on it that you should be worried about , '' helen said . 
 `` i have no idea what you mean , helen . 
 did you both enjoy your vacation ? 
 relaxed are we ? '' 
 they did n't answer . 
 but the two strange looking characters began to move around the table toward him , one from either side . 
 `` i do n't believe we 've met , '' stuart said with his hand extended , ready to greet the one to his left . 
 again no one spoke . 
 the two continued to approach him , as he leaned uncomfortably in his seat . 
 he had nowhere to go . 
 he decided it would be best to stand and continue acting as if he had no idea about the emblem . 
 `` well , i must be -- '' stuart managed to say before he was thrust back into his padded leather chair . 
 `` hey , '' he protested . 
 the man approaching from his right , the oldest of the two , then joined his friend in holding him down . 
 the two were n't allowing him to move at all , as nate leant on his desk . 
 `` you 've really been a lot of trouble , have n't you stuart ? '' 
 nate said . 
 `` look , i -- '' again stuart was interrupted by the two to the side of him . 
 this time the older of the two started to grope his bald head . 
 it was odd but only slightly threatening . 
 `` is this supposed to scare me or something ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no , '' nate said . 
 `` my friends here are going to see what else you 've been up to . '' 
 stuart 's head was now held , locked in place . 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 he said with his eyes uncomfortably lodged in the top corners of their sockets , just to see nate . 
 `` let 's say they 're good at reading people . '' 
 nate appeared to share a joke with the others , who all giggled along with him . 
 `` bullshit , '' stuart said . 
 they would n't get anything from him , he vowed . 
 what were they going to do , read his thoughts ? 
 the end ### a thank you thank you for reading my first ever novel . 
 i sincerely hope that you enjoyed it . 
 if you did , i 'd be eternally grateful if you could take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer . 
 i now have the writing bug , so look out for my next book sometime soon . 
 transitory was the start of what i hope will be a vast line-up of novels . 
 so if you enjoyed this , then rest assured , there is certainly more to come . 
 thanks ! 
 ian williams about the author ian williams is a science fiction writer from the uk . 
 he lives in a small town roughly 50 miles outside of london . 
 though born in barking , ian was raised in a small town in essex called danbury . 
 until the age of 11 he was an ordinary child with nothing extraordinary or particularly different about him . 
 this changed when he was diagnosed with becker 's muscular dystrophy just before starting secondary school . 
 this condition only affects around 2400 boys in the uk , making it a rather rare one . 
 after finishing school and sixth form , ian went on to a career in the uk court service . 
 he spent 7 years working there , but had also begun to write as a hobby . 
 when that became his everyday routine he found himself lost in a world of infinite possibilities , never able to accept just one outcome of many . 
 in the end he chose to ride the tide of time and allowed the future to be an unknown space , where only the stories he lives can ever alter that timeline . 
 sorry , i think i lost myself there for a moment . 
 anyway , ian is currently working on his 2nd novel and hopes to publish it soon . 
 connect with ian williams follow me on twitter : http://twitter.com/iwilliams235 favourite me at smashwords : http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/transitoryauthor 
