 driftmetal segment one j.c. staudt driftmetal is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , organizations , places , events , and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 copyright © 2015 j.c. staudt all rights reserved . 
 edition 1.0 to the legendary heroes of cataclysmic fire , for always adventuring . 
 contents title page copyright dedication chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 afterword 1 i opened my leg and dug around inside , trying to figure out what was wrong with the blasted thing . 
 if i did n't get a reflex response soon , the battered old hovercell in which i was imprisoned was going to carry me down to the churn and get shredded like a tin can in a blender . 
 gilfoyle 's thugs had roughed me up pretty good , ripping out my insides like they wanted to sell me for spare parts , and what was left of me was not cooperating . 
 far above in the nighttime sky , i could still see bannock , the drift-town where gilfoyle and his goons had caught up with me . 
 the big floater was gliding along in the skyward realm like a storm cloud , its rocky black edges haloed in the yellowy shimmer of street lamps . 
 i wanted to be up there again , enjoying myself at the tavern , floating away with the biggest haul of my life . 
 that haul would 've brought in enough chips to make my mom blush and my dad question why he 'd ever doubted me . 
 mining platforms whipped by outside the hovercell window , their border beacons strobing like runway lights on an airfield . 
 i wedged my heel in at the base of the door and poked around in my thigh with my makeshift tools -- a pair of tweezers and a chicken bone i 'd sharpened to a point with the edge of my boot . 
 not my proudest moment . 
 when the hovercell hit the nearflow , the whole thing started to shake . 
 dust and particles and tiny floaters began to pummel the hull like popcorn kernels in a vacuum cleaner while the hovercell 's quartet of displacer engines struggled to keep her steady . 
 the thing was shaking so bad i could hear my boot rattling on the bench across the room -- so bad i snapped off the tip of the chicken bone inside my leg . 
 i tossed the rest of the bone aside and cursed the thugs for having put me in this situation . 
 no sense of humor , those guys . 
 never mind that i 'd brought it upon myself . 
 yes , my life of crime had finally caught up with me , but i had to hand it to gilfoyle 's henchpersons all the same ; they were no law-lovers . 
 instead of calling up the civs to come drag me off to prison , they 'd taken matters into their own hands . 
 the churn was active tonight , and staging my death as an accident was a clever way to get rid of me . 
 it was too bad they 'd made a classic mistake ; they should 've finished the job themselves . 
 rookies . 
 the hovercell rumbled louder . 
 i cursed out loud and pounded my knee , using my hand like a mallet . 
 i stuck a finger inside , cursed again when i got it pinched in the machinery . 
 there was a pop and a spark , and my tweezers pinged away and bounced across the floor . 
 a second later the solenoid shot from my heel and slammed the latch , chipping the door open enough for me to shoulder it the rest of the way . 
 a surge of momentary pride swelled in my chest . 
 these hovercells looked solid , but they had weaknesses , and i knew every one . 
 before i went out into the surface storm , i glanced back at the chicken bone , the tweezers , and my boot . 
 i 'll get another boot , i decided . 
 i slid out of my trapezoidal box and let myself dangle by the arms , feeling very much like a limp noodle hanging from the fold-out panel of a take-out carton . 
 the hovercell was dropping fast and my stomach was doing somersaults , but i 'd gotten out of these things before and i knew just where to place my hands and feet . 
 like a kid on the monkey bars , i swung forward and hooked my leg onto the coolant pipe running along the underside of the hovercell . 
 when i felt the crook of my knee come to rest , i let go with my hands . 
 i 'm no gymnast , but upside down is a strange place to be with displacer engines pushing a thousand tons of gravel-choked air a second past your face . 
 yeah , i pretty much had the hovercell right where i wanted it . 
 i crunched up , because back then my abs were n't so much to scoff at , and took hold of a fuel line . 
 i had about a minute and a half -- maybe less -- before the hovercell reached the churn . 
 i pulled myself up until my face was inches from the control panel , then triggered my eyelight and was pleased to find that it still worked like a charm . 
 the focused beam of light followed my darting pupil as i scanned the panel for the component in question : the lift processor . 
 reversing the thrust was n't the hard part . 
 the hard part was not getting shot into the churn like a billiard ball when the engines multiplied power . 
 that meant that before i altered the lift processor , i needed a way back inside the hovercell . 
 i pounded the heel of my palm into the access hatch until i could see the silver metallic gleam of telerium through the skin of my hand . 
 the hatch was dented , but i was n't through yet . 
 it left me wishing i had something to blast it open with . 
 i would 've , if the thugs had n't ripped out all my sweet tech . 
 it took another thirty seconds of bashing before i sent the access hatch sailing up into the hovercell and clattering to the floor within . 
 when i squinted at the control panel , the green beam that shot out of my eye severed one connection and joined another . 
 i felt the engine noise start to build as i clambered beneath the pipes , hoisting myself back inside . 
 through the open hatch i could see the churn boiling below me , a seismic sea of liquefied stone and grit and gas and sand and metal , the leftovers of a planet that had n't seen a year without thousands of quakes like this since centuries before i was born . 
 the hovercell 's descent slowed gradually , like a rubber band reaching its limit . 
 it hovered in place for a lingering moment that dragged on so long i thought i 'd cut the wrong connection . 
 then it began to slog upward . 
 the side door was still hanging open , bumping the floor every few seconds like the wing of a wounded bird , refusing to catch on the latch i 'd obliterated with my solenoid heel . 
 i reclaimed my lost boot and made a silent exclamation . 
 wo n't need another pair of boots after all . 
 i picked up the tweezers and stuffed them into a pocket . 
 ca n't hurt to keep these , i thought . 
 unibrow ai n't gon na pluck itself . 
 we were rising faster now , me and my erstwhile deathtrap . 
 i waited until i saw the first mining platform go by , then the second . 
 we rose up out of the nearflow into clearer skies . 
 when i saw the third platform , i sprang the door and jumped for it , hitting the deck and rolling through the landing . 
 i looked up and watched the hovercell continue rising overhead . 
 it smacked into the next mining platform , careened sideways , and crashed into a skid along the topside . 
 even from thirty feet below , the metal-on-metal scraping was loud enough to make me cover my ears . 
 when the hovercell reached the far edge of the platform , it tipped off the side and dropped like a stone . 
 `` that 's gon na be bad , '' i said , pleased with myself . 
 it was bad . 
 the engines were running full-bore all the way to the churn . 
 i had n't left the stabilizers active , because ... well , i guess i had n't thought about it . 
 why did i care what happened to the ride after i got off ? 
 a hot orange flower bloomed below me . 
 there came a dull roar that peaked above the rumble of the churn . 
 the night was black-and-blue again , except for the yellow pools of light from the drift-towns passing above . 
 i found bannock , which had floated past my left shoulder and was fading into the distance . 
 what was the name of that tavern again ? 
 `` mulrainy jikes . '' 
 a dark-skinned visitor in a long purple duster and a wide-brimmed hat stood before me on the platform . 
 my name is mulroney jakes , but this guy 's weird accent made it sound ... weird . 
 the solenoid was jammed , still sticking a foot out from my heel , so i stood there like an improperly-built scarecrow and shrugged . 
 `` that was a valiant effort , '' said the dark-skinned man , `` but i 'm afraid i ca n't let you get away that easily . '' 
 `` you 'd better make it harder than the last guys did , '' i said . 
 i 'd never seen this guy before , but i knew by his smug demeanor that he was some kind of law-loving bounty hunter , one of the civvies ' freelance agents . 
 the thugs had gotten the best of me , but that was only because there 'd been half a dozen of them . 
 by contrast , there were as many of me as there were of this guy ; pretty decent odds , in my book . 
 the velcro flap over my thigh was still hanging open . 
 i slapped it shut and rubbed the seal to make sure it was tight . 
 the dark-skinned man must 've been getting a good look at my inner workings before i noticed . 
 the less he knew about those , especially in the condition i was in , the better . 
 there was a line of hovertrucks parked at the far side of the platform , mining vehicles made for hauling heavy loads . 
 do n't be so pretentious as to think this was my idea of a luxury ride . 
 any vehicle that could get me up to bannock and back to my streamboat was fair game , at this particular juncture . 
 i had to get across that platform . 
 but first , there was the small matter of this melodramatic do-gooder in my way . 
 `` you 've terrorized these miners for the last time , jikes , '' said the dark-skinned man , proving that he was indeed a melodramatic do-gooder . 
 `` everybody wants to be a hero , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 i stomped down hard to shove the solenoid back where it belonged . 
 the metal clangor resounded along the platform , and the landing lights around the border gave a flicker . 
 the dark-skinned man did n't have time for small talk . 
 i felt his grapplewire wrap around my legs before i realized he 'd shot the thing . 
 he yanked hard on the line , pulling my feet out from under me . 
 i hit the deck and started sliding toward him . 
 he extended a boot , doing me the courtesy of providing a brake for my momentum . 
 i shoved off sideways with my hands and forced myself into a slanted roll , twisting counter-clockwise to unwrap my legs . 
 i tried to grab the wire , but when i came around on the last twist it ripped free of my calf and took a nice chunk of flesh and pants with it . 
 i rolled to a stop in an almost-seated position . 
 the man shot his wire again , but i raised a hand to shield myself . 
 the grappler pierced my palm and came to rest within an inch of my eye . 
 when he yanked on the line , the spring-loaded prongs flicked out and bit into the back of my hand . 
 he began to reel me in , so i turned down my heels and let him lift me onto my feet like a water-skier . 
 i went airborne just before i reached him , straightening out like a wooden plank and plunging my feet into that law-loving face of his . 
 he would 've gotten a solenoid through the skull too , if i 'd been able to trigger the blasted thing on cue . 
 i followed through the kick , intending to land on my feet and send him sprawling . 
 problem was , i was practically holding the guy 's hand , so we tumbled across the deck together like a pair of broken chairs . 
 i managed to end up underneath him somehow . 
 the grappler was still tugging my palm toward his wrist , its motor chugging like a stuck wind-up toy . 
 lucky for me , his brain was still knocking around in his skull . 
 all he could do was give me a woozy stare as i shoved him off me and worked my hand free of the grappler . 
 i took off toward the hovertrucks , my hand a mess of bloodstained metal , sliced veins flopping out like thin plastic tubing . 
 with the same hand , i punched through the driver 's side window and climbed into the first hovertruck , wiping glass shards off the seat . 
 after a moment of fiddling , the engines growled to life , and the hovertruck lurched and rose . 
 more staggered than rose , really . 
 with the dark-skinned man getting to his feet on the platform below , it felt like i was driving through a vat of maple syrup . 
 come on come on come on come on . 
 these things were easy to hotwire , but they moved slower than cold boogers . 
 i should probably mention that i came up working as a mechanic in my dad 's shop . 
 that was before i learned how to make a dishonest living . 
 dear old dad , i thought , without missing him one bit . 
 i heard the undercarriage clank as the dark-skinned man 's grappler bit through the truck bed . 
 the hovertruck faltered and the man was floating up , up on his line , holding onto his hat while his purple duster slapped at his knees . 
 i lost sight of him under me , cursing the hovertruck for its lack of see-through flooring . 
 i 'm a good driver , and i can fight , but fighting and driving at the same time is a feat best left to stuntmen and cityfolk . 
 i shuffled through the glove box , searching the cockpit for something heavy . 
 i could hear the soft metallic clinks of hands and feet along the chassis . 
 a shame i had n't gotten the dark-skinned man 's name , since i liked being able to brag about who i 'd killed . 
 i took off a boot and kissed it . 
 when the man 's arm came through the open window , i grabbed his wrist and punched the grappler through the sole of my boot , triggering the prongs . 
 then i kicked the door open and cut the engine . 
 i bailed , using the boot as a step and holding onto the wire like a rappelling line . 
 the dark-skinned man writhed against the door frame , my weight holding his arm through the window . 
 the winch inside his forearm began to smoke as it tried to reverse the direction . 
 which it did , after a couple seconds . 
 shucks . 
 that did not go like i wanted it to . 
 next i knew , i was being hauled up toward the truck . 
 now the engine was off , and the truck was coming down . 
 i let go of the wire and fell . 
 i hit the platform from two stories up , an awkward landing that made my teeth rattle like pebbles in a landslide . 
 the hovertruck was listing sideways and falling past the platform , fast . 
 i could see the dark-skinned man , caught against the underside with nowhere to go , my boot gliding up toward him on the wire . 
 there was a rush of wind as the truck tumbled past , and then he was gone . 
 when the hovertruck hit the churn , the fireball was n't as big or impressive as the hovercell 's had been . 
 just an uninspired puff of flame and a brief column of gray smoke that blew away in the wind below the first platform . 
 the dark-skinned man 's hat drifted down and swayed to rest in front of me . 
 it had been a shame to ruin a good pair of boots , but at least i 'd gotten an ugly hat out of the deal . 
 a fitting end to the life of another law-lover , i thought . 
 the next hovertruck in line was just as cumbersome to drive as the first , but it had the benefit of being lighter by one law-lover . 
 i tailed bannock for a while , following in the drift-town 's wake until i could land without causing a scene . 
 the guys in the crow 's nest could suck on my solenoid if they wanted to clear me first . 
 i knew they were just doing their jobs , but i did n't care about their jobs . 
 i 'd been avoiding the life of an honest working man for years . 
 and i 'd been away too long to fool with procedure ; i had to get back to her . 
 the town was a clockwork mass of sprawling gothic architecture and spooky manor houses as old as the patch of ground bannock had been ripped away from . 
 in the ages since , the inhabitants had built all the way out to the edges in some places . 
 for the less faint of heart , there were side-bolted apartments overlooking the churn . 
 i was a wanted man , but i made my way through the cobbled streets as though i was n't . 
 the stream was whipping my hair around my face as i came around to the edge of the floater , and there she was . 
 ostelle , my rusty clunker of a streamboat . 
 gorgeous as the day she was born , if a little worse for the wear . 
 i came aboard and entered the captain 's quarters to find it rank with a sour-smelling crowd . 
 my crew . 
 everything went quiet when i entered the room . 
 `` why are there so many people in here ? '' 
 i wanted to know . 
 `` cause we 're havin ' a meeting . 
 where you been all day , ya lackwit ? 
 and what 's with the stupid hat ? '' 
 my dear old dad , always the charmer . 
 i flipped the old man an obscene gesture . 
 `` i 've been getting pinched and almost beaten to dust in the churn . 
 the hat 's a souvenir . 
 where 've you been ? '' 
 `` well shoot , son , i been right here , runnin ' things while you were out playing dress-up . 
 why did n't you bluewave us ? '' 
 `` could n't , on account of they stole all my tech . 
 i could 've been rotting away in a civvy prison , for all you knew . 
 i 've been gone a whole night and day and you could n't send one guy after me ? '' 
 `` i thought you done took off with one of them tavern wenches and left us , '' dad said , nonchalant . 
 `` you know i 'd never leave my boat on purpose , dad . '' 
 `` your boat ? 
 who keeps this bucket of driftmetal together , is it you ? 
 cause last time i checked -- '' `` alright , shut up . 
 our boat . '' 
 `` cap’n jakes ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' my dad and i both said at the same time . 
 we glared at each other , then at the man who 'd spoken . 
 mr. leigam irkenbrand hesitated , his beetled eyes darting back and forth between us . 
 he was the boat 's bluewave radioman ; our mouth in the stream . 
 he had been frail and thin , even back then , with a prominent cleft chin , a small nose and a thick head of gray locks pulled back into a tight ponytail . 
 `` marshals are on the comm . 
 chatter about a couple of hovertrucks reported missing . '' 
 dad looked at me . 
 every crewmember in the room looked at me . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , it was me . '' 
 i 'd expected the place to erupt with cheers and smiles , but the news only brought silence . 
 `` sounds like you 're in a bit of trouble , son , '' dad said . 
 `` did n't run off with no tavern wench after all . 
 what 'd you haul in ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' i said . 
 `` except for this hat . 
 i was close to bringing in something really big this time . '' 
 expectant silence became murmured disappointment . 
 `` the marshals are asking if we have any information on the thefts , '' said leigam . 
 `` one 's parked outside town , '' i said . 
 `` the other ... they ai n't gon na find the other . '' 
 dad was irked . 
 `` get below , son . 
 mr. sarmiel , make ready to lift off . 
 stations ! '' 
 i made my way belowdecks , hungry as a dog and still aching , my bloody hand in need of patching and my left leg due for a tune-up . 
 merton richter and dorth littage were stationed at the coal furnace , doing more sitting than shoveling . 
 as soon as they saw me , they started pretending otherwise . 
 `` slackers , '' i said as i passed . 
 `` liftoff soon . 
 i 'll kick your teeth in if we fall behind because of you jackwagons . '' 
 `` aye , cap , '' they said . 
 merton thumbed over his shoulder and gave me a knowing look . 
 `` cook 's in the galley . '' 
 i frowned at him and trudged off in that direction . 
 `` there 's my sweet little boy , '' said the cook when i sat down . 
 `` what 's with that dreadful hat ? '' 
 `` hey , ma . '' 
 she leaned in , pinched my chin between two wet , floury fingers , and puckered up . 
 i obliged her , then nodded out of her grasp . 
 my mother , as beautiful and terrifying a woman as ever sailed the stream . 
 `` you must be hungry , '' she said , returning to her work . 
 `` you missed dinner last night , and you did n't come home for breakfast or lunch today . 
 or dinner , either , come to think of it . 
 this town is n't that big , mull . '' 
 the guilt-trips never stopped . 
 when am i gon na get away from these people ? 
 `` you 'll notice by the hole in my hand that i kinda got into some trouble , '' i pointed out . 
 she glanced over her shoulder , frowned , clucked her tongue . 
 `` what 'd you bring in ? '' 
 i slumped my shoulders . 
 `` not a blasted thing . '' 
 `` you should be with the doc , not down here , '' she said , hiding her disappointment with nagging . 
 `` dad mutinied again . 
 took command of the ship and told me to hide below until we shove off . '' 
 ma huffed . 
 `` i 'll call doctor ditmarus . 
 your father , i swear ... we 're supposed to be retired . 
 does n't that man know how to take a moment 's rest ? '' 
 i resisted the urge to point out what a hypocritical statement that was , coming from my mile-a-minute mom . 
 instead i said , `` sometimes i think dad would like it if i got pinched . 
 for good . '' 
 a moment 's hesitation . 
 `` do n't be silly , '' mom said , shoving a long whisk handle into her wrist port and whipping the bowl of batter like it deserved the punishment . 
 `` he loves you . '' 
 `` do n't feed me that crap , '' i said . 
 `` you 're a better cook than that . '' 
 she called doctor ditmarus on the intercom and set the bowl aside . 
 `` someone 's a little grumpy tonight , '' she said . 
 `` go lie down and wait for him . '' 
 the whisk shed drops of batter as she waved me away . 
 i crossed into the crew cabin and set my ugly new hat down on a barrel . 
 then i pulled off my lone remaining boot and flung myself onto a spare bunk . 
 my mind drifted to the medallion . 
 my medallion . 
 life would be different if i ever got my hands on it . 
 i felt the turbines rumble down my spine . 
 my stomach heaved as the boat pitched off and caught the stream . 
 building a good boat is n't just a matter of throwing a few scraps of driftmetal together . 
 it has to be balanced . 
 it has to have the right ingots in the right places , size and mass and purity , all in equal proportions . 
 my ostelle , she was a good boat . 
 just because dad had built most of her for me did n't make her any less mine . 
 i 'd financed the endeavor , after all . 
 speak of the devil , dad 's voice came over the intercom . 
 `` they 're stopping us . 
 the civs want to search the boat . 
 mull , if you 're somewhere where you can hear me , make yourself scarce . '' 
 the marshals caught us ? 
 i thought . 
 not a chance . 
 ostelle can run and gun against anything the civs could ever throw at her . 
 why would n't dad just haul it out of here and leave them in the dust ? 
 unless ... he 's making it easy for them to get to me . 
 i was the only one in the crew cabin . 
 there was something eerie about being alone . 
 maybe it was that i felt alone . 
 abandoned . 
 but he just told me to hide . 
 does n't that mean he wants to keep me safe ? 
 metal planks on the deck above shrieked under the weight of footsteps . 
 i shouldered a set of webgear and darted into the galley , where ma was laboring away at dinner as if there were n't half a dozen civvy marshals coming aboard to take her only son into custody . 
 when she turned to look at me , there was something strange in her eyes . 
 sorrow ? 
 no , that was n't it . 
 `` better get out of sight , '' she said . 
 `` where do you think you 'll hide ? '' 
 looking at my mother then , i realized it was n't sorrow i saw in her eyes . 
 it was betrayal . 
 i went numb . 
 i backed away . 
 how could you ? 
 i almost said . 
 how much did they have to pay you to turn me in ? 
 i could hear the footsteps spreading fore and aft , crossing decks and clunking down stairs . 
 the flecker was in my hand before i reached the furnace room . 
 two marshals were questioning merton and dorth as the crewmen leaned on their shovels , enjoying the break . 
 i burst into the room and fired an erratic barrage , adrenaline pounding in my chest . 
 all four men held up their hands to shield themselves . 
 the flecker particles melted over them , searing away synthetic flesh like a hair dryer over butter . 
 with their skin out of the way , i could see that both marshals were heavily augmented , but that was no surprise . 
 i kept shooting until i saw a clear path , then bolted past them . 
 i heard them stumbling after me like a gaggle of anodized skeletons , screaming . 
 i flew up the stairs and across the deck , but stopped short at the railing . 
 there were four civvy sloops and a cruiser docked to my ostelle . 
 more than a score of them had come aboard , decked out in the red-and-tans of the civil regency corps . 
 i could n't help but feel honored by the show of force . 
 `` drop it and come forward , nice and easy , '' said their commanding officer , a dark-haired mustachioed man i knew as captain ludolf kupfer , the biggest law-lover of them all . 
 i did n't budge . 
 `` ah , kupfer . 
 is n't this an unexpected surprise ? 
 how nice of you to drop in and say hello . '' 
 do n't judge me . 
 sometimes you have to match a law-lover 's smugness with a little smugness of your own . 
 well ... you do n't have to . 
 but it 's more fun that way . 
 kupfer gave me a pained grimace , as if my greeting had been cliché enough to hurt him physically . 
 `` we 've collected evidence that leads us to believe you 're responsible for the deaths of as many as eleven missing persons , including three security personnel employed by a mr. alastair gilfoyle as part of his churn-mining operation . 
 i 'm afraid you 'll have to come with me . '' 
 thirteen , i would 've said . 
 i 'm responsible for the deaths of thirteen missing persons . 
 i wanted to thank kupfer for underestimating my murder tally , but i could n't have opened my mouth without correcting him . 
 plus , i knew better than to put myself at odds with the two dozen rifles his marshals were pointing in my direction . 
 in my defense , the churn was what did the killing , i could 've said , but did n't . 
 i thought of the dark-skinned man , his funny accent and the equally funny look of terror he 'd had on his face while he was falling . 
 and gilfoyle , that balding , cane-wielding , gold-ring-wearing rotten apple of a mining tycoon who still had my medallion . 
 his medallion . 
 my ... medallion . 
 i looked around at my crew , standing off at the fringes of the conflict , cowering behind the marshals like children behind their mothers ' skirts . 
 i was pretty sure i knew then what dad 's little meeting had been about ; why everyone had gone silent when i 'd walked into the captain 's quarters . 
 they 'd decided it was time to vote me off the boat . 
 my crew was no longer mine . 
 ` you 're rubbing mud on your cheeks instead of growing a beard , ' my dear old dad always used to say . 
 it was his way of pointing out when i was trying to shortcut things instead of taking the time to do them right . 
 i felt like i could 've said that to him right about then . 
 if he wanted me gone , why had n't he just told me so instead of letting these law-lovers do his dirty work for him ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , son . '' 
 speak of the devil again , dad emerged from the captain 's quarters and closed the doors behind him . 
 wind played at the wisps of graying brown hair that had come loose from his tieback . 
 his face was stern and cold as always , but i could see his age lines more in that moment than i ever had before . 
 `` you did betray me , '' i said . 
 `` how much did it cost them to earn a law-loving keister like yours ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't betray you , son . 
 but i am letting this happen . 
 the boys and i have decided we 're going straight , and i knew you would n't agree with it . '' 
 my heart sank into my stomach and boiled there . 
 i felt my eyes go wide and start to water . 
 the wind was so strong i could feel the drips running sideways along my face like rain on a fast window . 
 i was n't crying , but i was worried it looked that way . 
 `` you 're bloody right i would n't agree , '' i said , trying not to shout . 
 the marshals and their guns were the only things keeping me from blowing a gasket . 
 `` you ca n't make a decision like that without me , dad . 
 you ca n't take her away from me . '' 
 i felt like a kid again , a spoiled child stamping his foot to get his way . 
 i was n't just some kid though , and ostelle was n't a toy . 
 she was my life . 
 from the moment she 'd gone airworthy a few months back , i 'd been dreaming of the hundreds of new capers and scams i was going to pull . 
 i had things i wanted to get done , and curse dad if he thought i was going to do them any way but mine . 
 `` there 's good , honest money to be made in privateering , '' dad was saying . 
 `` we 've acquired ourselves an official regency sanction , and being sanctioned by the regency has its perks . '' 
 `` i ai n't no bootlicker , dad . '' 
 dad snorted and spat something onto the deck . 
 `` see , i knew you 'd never go for it . 
 some time in lockup will do you good , son . 
 when you get out , ma and i will be right here waiting for you . 
 if you 've changed your ways by then , you 're welcome back aboard and you 'll always have a place on my crew . 
 we just think this is the best thing for you right now . 
 tough love , as they say . '' 
 by about the second sentence in , his words had started to blend together into a meaningless porridge of patronizing gibberish . 
 i bit my lip , shaking my head . 
 `` dad , you and ma should 've stayed home . 
 you never had it in you to sit by while your son took the reins of a ship you built yourself . 
 i always got the feeling you regretted giving her to me . 
 someday soon , you 'll regret taking her back . '' 
 i bent my will toward getting a reflex response , hoping the solenoid in my heel would n't make a fool of me again . 
 a moment of awkward silence and two heartbeats later , it shot out like a dream and launched me off the deck . 
 i soared over the bow and into a backward dive as the guns rang out , sending laser bolts and charged particles and hot shrapnel thrumming past my ears . 
 i got hit twice , but i would n't realize it until later . 
 in that moment , i was too busy falling . 
 2 gilfoyle 's thugs had ripped a lot out of me , and not in a figurative sense . 
 there were empty compartments all over my body where they 'd eviscerated awesome , expensive tech i 'd bought , begged , or stolen for . 
 they 'd reduced me to a shell of my former self by the time they tossed me into that hovercell . 
 now i was plummeting toward the churn , its desolation spreading out below me in every direction , and i was still that same shell . 
 we 'd been between drift-towns when the civs stopped us , sort of a no-man 's land where there were no platforms or large floaters . 
 now i found with startling certainty that there was n't a single sign of life around , even as far as my telescopic eye could see . 
 the nearflow was far below me yet , heavy gusts of wind carrying a field of airborne rubble over the surface . 
 you should know that driftmetal possesses a quality called cumulative anti-gravitational mass ; that is to say , the bigger it is , the higher it floats . 
 so the longer i fell without hitting anything , the lower my chances of hitting something big . 
 i clamped my eyes shut while i fumbled around in the pockets of the webgear i 'd grabbed from the crew 's quarters . 
 i was playing the ` how-well-do-you-know-your-tech ' game show where the grand prize was not dying . 
 i recognized each mod as my fingers felt their way along : flecker shield , tripwire , proxy remote , bluewave comm , scrambler , cochlear translator , muscle booster . 
 no , no , and no . 
 wait a minute . 
 the first one . 
 with the sound of terminal velocity screaming in my ears , i ripped open the velcro fastener . 
 i got a white-knuckled grip on the flecker shield and drew it from its pouch , opened the panel in my forearm , and shoved the mod inside . 
 i tucked my body into a cannonball and flipped over so i was falling feet-first . 
 i was plummeting at a frightening rate . 
 when i opened my eyes , the nearflow was n't so far away anymore . 
 a big floater caught me on the elbow and i cursed to myself . 
 i would 've cursed out loud , if the sheer terror of falling had n't made my voice seize up like a clogged chimney . 
 soon i was pinballing off floaters the size of coffee tables and ironing boards , trying to grab hold of whatever i could , but failing . 
 you 're going to make it , i reassured myself , failing to reassure myself . 
 i waited until the floaters had decreased to the size of house cats before i bent my wrist back and activated the flecker shield . 
 it was n't a shield i needed , of course . 
 what i needed was a parachute . 
 a metal rod shot two feet from my wrist and unfurled like a circular fan , a pleated metal ring designed to shrug off flecker particles . 
 i raised it overhead like an umbrella . 
 as i fell toward the nearflow , debris started to accumulate in the shield 's underside . 
 i felt myself begin to slow down . 
 the floaters were coming at me sideways now ; the nearflow felt like being in front of a gigantic fan while someone was dumping out a bag of gravel . 
 i managed to open one eye for a second and found myself closer to the ground than i 'd imagined . 
 the shield was helping , but it was n't going to be enough to make the landing comfortable or painless . 
 i braced myself and hit hard , a bone-jarring impact i could n't roll away from . 
 i sank down to my armpits in loose churn , my bare feet plunging through four feet of grit and gravel . 
 yeah , it hurt like the dickens . 
 whatever the dickens are . 
 i ejected the shield and tossed it onto the surface beside me . 
 all the bits of driftmetal and gravstone it had gathered began to float away . 
 i yanked the bluewave comm from my webgear and flicked on the beacon , then tossed it onto the shield . 
 the beacon would alert the civs and bring them right to me , but i was starting to like the idea of prison better than the idea of suffocating in a sea of powdered stone . 
 the morning sun was just beginning to rise , but the air was so thick with dust and rubble down here that it was as dark as late afternoon . 
 i felt a rumbling beneath me . 
 everything started to shake . 
 my augmented eye went haywire , and my solenoid triggered . 
 a dozen yards away , the ground spewed a cloud of pink dust . 
 i sank a little further . 
 a rush of water choked up to my right and flowed down the side of a shallow hill before soaking into the ground again . 
 i heard the rush of air as a pocket opened up behind me . 
 there was a smell like eggs and rotting meat . 
 earth fell in and filled the pocket , and i slid a few feet backward . 
 i flailed my arms above me , trying to wiggle my way up a little and ease some of the pressure on my chest . 
 this was a less active part of the churn than the territory encompassed by gilfoyle 's mining operation . 
 the land was coughing up dust and brown water and foul-smelling gases instead of quicksand and firespouts and boulders , so it could 've been worse . 
 i felt another rumble , this time from somewhere in the distance . 
 a pair of hoverbikes slipped over the hill where the dirty water had flowed up , moving fast through the dust haze . 
 their riders were hooded and masked , jacketed in long dark trenchers . 
 the first instinct i had was to fight . 
 anyone who made a habit of hanging out down here was , by default , savage , uncouth , and not to be trusted . 
 of course , when you ca n't trust your own parents , who can you trust ? 
 i snapped the grapplewire mod into my forearm and tried to wiggle out far enough to snap off a clean shot . 
 i did n't lead the hoverbike enough , and the wire flew wide of its target . 
 the rider cranked something , and a tent of blue electrical arcs erupted around him , sucking the errant grappler toward itself like a magnet . 
 i tried to retract my wire , but the energy field had a better grip than my winch had pulling power . 
 the biker hit another switch . 
 blue arcs bolted down the wire and zapped me rigid . 
 my eyelight strobed , and my solenoid triggered three or four times . 
 when the shock ended , i went limp . 
 i sank down to my neck . 
 the gravel was pressing against my chest anew , the sour smell of electrical smoke in my nostrils and the taste of raw ozone on my tongue . 
 my arms were poking up like broken antennae , and every movement i tried to make sent up new clouds of dust for me to breathe . 
 the bikers circled around behind me , and i heard them approach . 
 their hoverbikes were low to the ground , displacer engines thrashing the surface like leaf blowers over uncooked rice . 
 `` what 's a techsoul doing down here ? '' 
 one said , yelling over the noise . 
 it became apparent to me then that these were n't just people . 
 they were human people . 
 bona fide hundred-percenters , the kind without a scrap of synth in their bodies . 
 as in , one step above neanderthals . 
 i was n't sure whether the guy was talking to me or to his friend , but in no uncertain terms , i told them both to mind their own business . 
 `` that 's an awfully rude thing to say , for a tool who 's gotten himself into a bind like you have , '' said the other guy . 
 humans call us ` tools ' to make themselves feel better about being the worst . 
 since insulting them had n't worked , i resorted to taunting them instead . 
 `` you guys seem to think you 're pretty tough , picking on a defenseless techsoul when you know i could pound you into meat squares if this was a fair fight . '' 
 `` who said anything about fighting ? 
 you 're the one who tried to start a fight with that grapplewire of yours , '' said the first one . 
 `` do n't you try to bamboozle me with your technicalities . 
 you should 've seen yourselves , the way you looked from down here , zipping toward me a like a couple of fiery devils with hell 's own fury farting out your tailpipes . 
 either you came over here to help me , or i 'm going to keep thinking you came to pick a fight . 
 now which is it ? '' 
 `` you have quite the knack for telling tall tales , do n't you ? '' 
 i still could n't see either of them , sitting behind me on their safe hoverbikes with the nearflow howling around us and the churn belching below , threatening to eat me at any second . 
 `` i do n't have time to argue with a couple of primies about how tall my tales are , '' i said . 
 we call humans ` primies ' because they 're extra the-worst . 
 `` he 's an uppity one , '' the first biker said . 
 `` maybe we should just leave him here . '' 
 `` i 'll take my chances , if you 're gon na be like that , '' i said . 
 `` have it your way , '' the other one muttered . 
 he revved his hoverbike like he was getting ready to leave . 
 `` whatever cave you antiques crawled out of , i doubt it 's any safer than this , '' i said , trying to sound as condescending as possible . 
 `` living down here is n't difficult as long as you 've got the tech . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` tech ? 
 please . 
 you primies would n't know tech if the churn spit it onto your dinner plates . '' 
 `` we 've got plenty of tech . 
 it 's just not glued to our bodies like yours is . 
 we found your bluewave beacon thanks to our tech . 
 and by the way , some good your tech 's doing you right now , blueblood . '' 
 `` hey . 
 up until yesterday i had a real slick kit . 
 some miner thugs pinched me and stole it all . '' 
 `` now why would mine workers do a thing like that ? '' 
 `` ` cause they 're lowlifes , is why , '' i said . 
 `` now how about giving me a hand here ? '' 
 i 've seen the churn knock a streamboat out of the sky and swallow it whole . 
 trust me when i say i was at risk of being swallowed very , very whole . 
 `` i 'm sure you were just minding your own business when they decided to come along and mug you . '' 
 `` they had pulsers . 
 you tell me . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 my shrug gave the gravel a chance to crowd in and press harder against my lungs . 
 all part of the master plan . 
 `` poor fella , '' said the first guy . 
 `` and how did you respond when these cruel security guards had their way with you ? '' 
 `` i ate them . '' 
 as if in reply , the churn ate me . 
 the ground opened and i fell fifty feet straight down until the bikers stopped laughing and decided to reactivate their energy field . 
 i snapped to a halt , dangling from my wire like a rag doll . 
 they had n't stopped laughing , actually . 
 i could still hear their whiny guffaws echoing down . 
 i 'd heard dying streambirds make nicer sounds . 
 the bikes began to rise . 
 they dragged me with them , bumping and scraping against the sides of the pit as it collapsed in around me . 
 i felt the gravel sucking at my legs just as i shot up above the surface . 
 good thing i was n't wearing boots . 
 the flecker shield and my bluewave comm were gone , devoured by the churn . 
 `` where are you taking me ? '' 
 i called up . 
 the grav engines were roaring and the nearflow was wailing so loud i do n't think they heard me , but i saw why they 'd been in such a hurry to leave . 
 captain kupfer and his law-loving super troupe were coming down through the clouds , converging on the beacon 's coordinates . 
 as much as these biker primies were pissing me off , it turned out they were also my heroes . 
 they 'd saved me from the civs in the nick of time . 
 fellow civ-haters . 
 we must be on the same team , i realized . 
 i could n't tell whether the civ captain and his goons had spotted us , but i vowed that if i got away , it would be the first of many , many times i 'd give captain kupfer a good screwing over . 
 i 'd get started on keeping that vow as soon as i got myself fixed up . 
 in the meantime , the primies were taking me back to their place . 
 i get that a lot . 
 everyone i meet wants to take me back to their place . 
 usually to kill me . 
 the primies ' place was a drift-town like none i 'd ever seen before . 
 to be more specific , it was n't a drift-town . 
 it was a grav city . 
 and it was full of primies . 
 i could see the churn hiccupping below as we passed through the cloaking field , a gigantic protective bubble that encased the city . 
 my jaw dropped halfway to the churn when i saw that the entire city was suspended on a gravstone bed . 
 the land mass beneath it looked like any other drift-town , giant stone roots hanging off the bottom like a mountain flipped upside down , except that it was n't drifting . 
 a network of polarized rods was holding it in place , about a quarter-mile above the surface . 
 neither the churn 's upheavals nor the brash , keening winds of the nearflow did anything to shift the city from its place . 
 even when they set me down on a shaggy carpet of grass in a lush green field , i felt no movement or tilt . 
 my first thought when i entered the city was to wonder if there were a hammer and chisel i 'd overlooked in one of the pockets of my webgear . 
 the amount of gravstone buried in the bedrock below this city was worth more than i could spend in a hundred lifetimes . 
 the biker primies must 've known there would be gold gleaming in my eyes , because they slapped a pair of steel wristbands on me as soon as we landed . 
 i was resistant to the idea at first , until they offered to drop me back where they 'd found me . 
 whenever i moved my hands more than about six inches apart , the magnets in the wristbands activated , snapping them back together with a painful clack . 
 the device also gave me a nice little shock for my trouble . 
 the dome of crackling bluish-white energy above us looked a lot like the one the primie had generated from his hoverbike . 
 whenever a floater or a clod hit the dome , it glanced away as though it had struck a solid object , making almost no sound . 
 i could feel a faint breeze and i knew the barrier was filtering the air , as clean and breathable as it was way up in the stream . 
 the two primies took off their masks and caught their breath . 
 one had long , medium-brown hair and a beard ; the other 's hair was short , dark and curly , and he was clean-shaven . 
 both were younger than i was at the time , though i was better-looking than both of them put together . 
 `` muller jakes , '' i said by way of introduction . 
 i held out a hand and got my first dick-tickling shockwave of pain , complements of my wristbands . 
 they both laughed at me . 
 the bearded wonder said , `` i 'm clinton vilaris , and this is gareth blaylocke . '' 
 `` and this ... is pyras , '' blaylocke said , waving a hand . 
 `` never heard of it , '' i said , still recovering . 
 `` you live here ? '' 
 pyras looked sparkling-new , its sculpted white curves towering above gothic arches , like a scale replica of an ancient metropolis realized in styrofoam . 
 water cascaded down echelons of thick garden greenery , a maze of winding staircases and meandering walkways in smooth marble . 
 `` you sound impressed , '' said vilaris , scratching the beard . 
 `` best part is , hardly anybody in the stream knows we 're here . '' 
 what the crap , i thought , a little jealous . 
 this place is nicer than most drift-towns ... and it 's completely hidden ? 
 after i was done thinking it , i said it . 
 `` not completely . 
 we release the locks and move the city around from time to time . 
 just for safety 's sake . 
 it 's not that nobody knows we exist . 
 it 's that we make ourselves hard to find . '' 
 my jaw was still hanging open . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` seven and a half inches , '' blaylocke said . 
 vilaris made a face at him . 
 `` not likely . '' 
 then to me , he said , `` a hundred and eighty-two years . '' 
 `` you 're kidding me . 
 it looks brand-new . '' 
 i liked the thought of being somewhere the civs could n't find me . 
 that thought alone made me want to stay a while . 
 it was hard to believe there was a thing in the world the civs had n't gotten their grubby mitts all over . 
 being there gave me a sense of peace i had n't felt in a long time . 
 it was like having my own secret hideout and knowing it would last forever . 
 `` we 're standing on a magnetic island veined with several thousand tons of the most valuable element in the world , and you 're doubting how we keep the place up ? '' 
 `` i 'm not doubting how you keep it up , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm doubting how you keep it hidden . 
 and why me ? 
 why did you bring me in here and show me all this ? 
 i 'm a few capers away from being the most wanted outlaw in the stream . 
 i 'd sell you out for a warm meal and a cot to sleep on right now . '' 
 `` we have both , as it happens , and you do n't have to sell anyone out to get them . '' 
 `` good , i 'm starved . '' 
 they took me past blocks of the greenest landscaping i 've ever stepped on , introduced me to a dozen other primies whose names i forgot seconds after hearing them , and brought me to a building they called the kingsholme . 
 judging by the look of it , i assumed it was a cathedral or a library . 
 once we 'd ascended the grand limestone steps and come through the towering entryway , an ornate affair of burnished brass inlaid with silver etchings , i found myself standing in an echoing stone hall with arched ceilings . 
 a row of floating pedestals ran down either side of the room , displaying illuminated objects i could only assume held cultural significance to the city 's residents . 
 the pedestals were carved from dark stone marbled with exposed veins of driftmetal . 
 `` this is great . 
 just , really great . 
 can we eat now ? '' 
 i said . 
 blaylocke was confused . 
 `` wait . 
 you eat food ? '' 
 `` are you dumb ? '' 
 i said , incredulous . 
 `` what did you think , techsouls drank motor oil and ate roofing nails ? '' 
 the two primies shared a glance and burst out laughing . 
 `` i swear , you guys ... '' `` relax . 
 we 're messing with you , '' vilaris said between chuckles . 
 `` turns out you ca n't take a joke . 
 i like that about you , though . 
 it 's more fun that way . '' 
 so i was a little uptight , being that i was suffering from a distinct lack of tech and my parents had just tried to serve me to the civs on a silver platter . 
 i was n't feeling too good in the flesh department , either . 
 i 'd been shot , at least twice . 
 not to mention my whole body was gashed and bruised from falling thousands of feet through a cloud of floaters and landing in a section of churn that was about as soft as a bathtub full of razorblades . 
 they led me down the hall and through the doors at the far end . 
 a normal-sized hallway stretched from left to right . 
 we veered left , then through a door , down another hall and past a large dining space furnished with a dozen pristine table settings . 
 through a swinging door with a circular plexiglass window , i was greeted by the sounds and smells of industrial cooking . 
 `` three bowls of gruel with a side of slop , '' vilaris shouted . 
 the kitchen was a hurricane of white cotton twill and stainless steel , five in number . 
 their leader , a man as portly in stature as he was prodigious in toque , rapped the counter repeatedly with a metal ladle and shoved it in our direction . 
 an underling obeyed , filling three bowls and carrying the tray past us into the dining room . 
 vilaris and blaylocke followed him . 
 i followed them . 
 i was shoveling down spoonfuls of the tastiest gruel i 'd had in days when the head chef came out to greet us , wiping chubby hands on an apron splotched with red-orange stains . 
 `` sheldon mclean , at your service , '' he said with a slight bow . 
 i stopped to cast him a sideways glance , then mumbled , `` if you say so , '' between spoonfuls . 
 `` i apologize for the slow service , '' said the chef . 
 blaylocke waved away the apology . 
 `` nonsense . 
 you guys are strapped down tight in there . 
 you should have a staff twice as big for the job you do . '' 
 sheldon brightened , chins tightening beneath his five o’clock shadow . 
 `` we get by , '' he admitted with a certain note of pride . 
 `` how are things out there today ? '' 
 vilaris shrugged . 
 `` thick . 
 windy . 
 dangerous . 
 the u 's he . '' 
 i slurped the last dregs of my soup as though i were a condemned man enjoying his final meal , then let the bowl spin to rest on the table . 
 to sheldon 's credit , he did n't bat an eye while the bowl wub-wub-wubbed to a halt . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked , studying the ceilings . 
 `` kingsholme ? 
 it 's the closest thing we have to a city hall . 
 pyras 's center of arts and culture . '' 
 `` so you guys can come in here and get free food whenever you want ? '' 
 sheldon answered on their behalf , flashing a smile . 
 `` we 're always happy to feed the city watch and their friends . '' 
 `` friends ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i would n't go that far . '' 
 i showed him my wristbands . 
 `` it 's a formality , '' vilaris explained . 
 `` we 're taking him to see the innovators . '' 
 `` news to me , '' i said . 
 `` maybe you should see a doctor as well , '' said the chef , no doubt having noticed my wounds . 
 `` it looks worse than it is , '' i said . 
 i tapped my synthetic eye with a fingernail . 
 tink-tink . 
 sheldon 's expression darkened . 
 `` is he allowed in here ? '' 
 `` we 've reported it to the council already , '' vilaris said . 
 `` there 's a reason for all this . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 the chef gave a nod of sudden understanding . 
 `` my apologies . 
 i did n't realize . '' 
 `` shel , ol’ buddy , '' i said , `` think nothing of it . '' 
 when you 're a techsoul , you live without discrimination except in the presence of primies . 
 redbloods think they 're better than you because they do n't rust . 
 they act like you do n't both eat and crap the same . 
 blaylocke had had me there for a second with his little ` you eat food ? ' 
 ruse , but in truth he knew as little about what it meant to be a techsoul as all the other primies . 
 the chef took his leave after a moment of uncomfortable silence . 
 vilaris and blaylocke thanked him for another fine meal . 
 sheldon insisted that it was hardly a meal and no trouble at all . 
 another series of hallways took us to a set of heavy wooden doors with riveted brass plating . 
 the plaque on the wall read : department of innovation prof. dr. e. chester wheatley master gadgeteer and technotherapist-in-chief technotherapist ? 
 i wondered . 
 vilaris magicked a steel key from his jacket and unlocked the door . 
 the room beyond might as well have been in a basement for all its lack of windows , exposed brick walls lit by the orange warmth of coal furnaces and the cold white outbursts of blowtorches shedding sparks . 
 i counted no fewer than ten men at work , each the picture of focus , armed with mallet and saw and rivet gun , encircling the skeletons of half-finished chassis like tribal hunters ganging up on big game . 
 the workshop was a graveyard of gears , flywheels , pressure gauges , dynamos and pipes , all piled in corners , stacked on steel shelving units , and strewn about the floor . 
 nobody noticed us . 
 vilaris had to send blaylocke to fetch the guy whose name was on the plaque outside the door . 
 what i 'd expected to be some wizened old man was actually a guy about my age , a strapping youth bound in an exoskeleton of gleaming metal . 
 a veil of black hair hung into his face , stringy-damp with sweat . 
 when he removed his goggles they left wide pink circles in the skin around dark , tired eyes . 
 i was smitten . 
 if there was a man in this city who it could benefit me to befriend , this was that man . 
 `` gareth , clint , good to see you . 
 chester wheatley , '' he told me , thrusting out a greasy palm . 
 i took it in both of mine . 
 `` muller , muller jakes , '' i said , shaking his whole arm vigorously . 
 `` what 's this you 're working on ? '' 
 he turned the upper half of his body to look , stiff-necked in his metal scaffolding . 
 `` oh , that , just a new idea . 
 my grandest idea yet . 
 as they all are . 
 very secretive , you know . 
 everything we do here is very secretive . '' 
 and yet we walked right in and no one batted an eye , i almost said . 
 his secret project looked to be something meant for flight -- a light , winged frame about the size of a large dog , its internal mechanisms spinning . 
 `` it 's ... magnificent , '' i said . 
 `` really , i mean that . '' 
 creases appeared in the skin around chester 's eyes . 
 i like to think he would 've stood a little taller if he 'd had that much postural freedom . 
 `` you think so ? '' 
 `` without a doubt . 
 clean lines , efficient machinery , thoughtful design . 
 you 've really taken this to a whole new level . 
 it 's by far the most advanced model i 've ever seen . '' 
 chester was confused . 
 `` the most advanced ... but this is my own design . 
 where could you have seen anything like it before ? '' 
 `` listen , chaz . 
 walk with me . '' 
 i would 've put an arm around him if not for the wristbands . 
 instead i took him by the shoulders and guided him away from vilaris and blaylocke . 
 `` i know you work hard . 
 i can tell you 're a brilliant man . 
 lots of great ideas have taken shape here , have n't they ? 
 yeah . 
 this place is so full of dreams . 
 so -- '' i paused for effect and panned my hands over the room , `` -- so ... pregnant , with possibility . 
 this is a place where dreams come alive . 
 i can smell the inspiration . '' 
 i could smell something , but inspiration was n't it . 
 `` you have a gift , '' i said , looking him straight in the eye , `` and you 're wasting it . '' 
 there were wrinkles between chester wheatley 's eyebrows . 
 `` but this ... this flying machine will be the greatest invention the city watch has ever seen . 
 i 've rigged up a bluewave communicator to send simple commands to it from a distance . 
 watch . '' 
 he picked up a black plastic box that had once been an ordinary comm . 
 now it had a control wheel made from a copper gear , along with three extra buttons . 
 when he turned the wheel , ailerons on the wings flapped in reverse of one another . 
 `` it 's operable from as far away as the bluewave signal will go . 
 this button will operate the built-in camera , after i install it . 
 the city watch will be able to fly it and take pictures of the outside without ever setting foot on the churn . 
 the automaplane , i call it . '' 
 `` this technology is new around here ? '' 
 i acted incredulous . 
 `` hate to break it to you , chaz , but send me up to the stream with a few ounces of gravstone and i 'll bring you back a fleet of these things . 
 i 'm sure i can find someone who still has a bunch of them lying around in their backyard . '' 
 chester 's bubble was burst . 
 `` just when i think i 've discovered something completely different , '' he said , the sparkle in his eyes turned to sorrow . 
 this guy got out of the house as seldom as i 'd hoped . 
 his automaplane was a blasted brilliant idea . 
 but i had places to go and things to steal . 
 `` hey , do n't get so down on yourself , '' i said . 
 `` you came up with this entire contraption without ever having known it existed before . 
 if that is n't the mark of a true genius , i do n't know what is . 
 chaz , buddy ... others around here might not see your potential , but i do . 
 you 're one heck of an inventor , and if you do n't see it in yourself , you need to be reminded . '' 
 i reached through his scaffolding and poked him in the chest with both pointer fingers . 
 `` your potential stretches further than you know . 
 there are so many unexplored avenues of technology , the potential for finding that next big idea is right around the corner . 
 matter of fact , i think i may have already found it for you . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 he said , perking up . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i 'm a techsoul , '' i told him . 
 `` and i 'd like to donate my body to science . '' 
 3 the neurological pathways that connect my body to its augments are nothing short of miraculous . 
 do n't ask me why i was born with telerium-laced bones , skin the consistency of synthetic cloth , or bundles of polymer fibers for muscles . 
 my veins are like fish tank tubing , my tendons and cartilage like hard rubber . 
 any given part of my body is twice as sturdy as a human 's . 
 yet somehow it all works . 
 i think and breathe and eat and crap and sleep like a human . 
 only i 'm not human . 
 not as far as humans are concerned . 
 even though i grew up the son of a mechanic , i 've always felt like i 've had an intimate knowledge of machinery in my blood . 
 if something has moving parts , i can figure out how to fix it with the right tools . 
 it 's just hard to fix your own arm when the job takes two hands . 
 so i 'd offered myself to the study of e. chester wheatley not because i needed his expertise , but because i needed his hardware and a pair of skilled hands . 
 techsouls are the unluckiest people in the world ; we 're also the most plentiful , by far . 
 i 've undergone more surgeries than i can count ; most of the later ones i performed on myself . 
 i 've tried dozens of mechanisms to change the functions of my body and serve as convenient little diversions from having to think about who or what i am . 
 when your body is part machine , you ca n't ignore technology . 
 you ca n't not think about improving yourself and staying relevant . 
 you wonder if anyone would take you seriously if you decided to say ` the heck with it ' and let yourself go , become an outdated model with rusty joints and toothless gears . 
 because the best thing about being human is never having to literally stretch yourself toward an ideal that says only the newest and shiniest tech is employable , only the latest and greatest is worth noticing . 
 primies are free from all that . 
 they can lose weight or gain it , build muscle or pile on the fat , but that 's the extent of the decisions they have to make about their bodies . 
 it 's possible for them to understand what it 's like to be me , but they 'll never know . 
 vilaris and blaylocke approached as chaz -- née e. chester wheatley -- was opening up my various compartments to investigate my insides . 
 my wounds from the fall were smarting something awful . 
 i could tell i 'd taken at least one flecker shot to the lower back and a laser in the butt , but i 'd get those tended to later . 
 `` you asked before why we decided to bring you into pyras , '' vilaris said . 
 `` we do n't allow visitors often , but we need help . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` i could 've told you that . '' 
 `` no , i mean we need your help . '' 
 `` sorry , i do n't do the ` helping people ' thing . '' 
 i air-quoted the words , keeping my wrists together like i was making a shadow puppet , while chaz held a bundle of polymer fibers aside and peered into my thigh . 
 `` this is unbelievable , '' chaz was saying . 
 `` the way the synthetic flesh and the augments are so seamlessly blended together . 
 i never thought i 'd get such a hands-on view of a techsoul 's body . 
 the amalgamation of humanity and technology is astounding . 
 this is going to change the course of my experiments for years to come . 
 you have an array of neurosensors and twitch gyroelectrolyzers that are barely above detection , which i assume are intended for smoothing the interactions between the various brain-body-tech circuits . 
 how does it all wire up , i wonder ? 
 how 's it all connected ? 
 oops . 
 did that hurt ? 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 `` i feel close to either falling asleep or having an orgasm , depending on which one of those things you jab . '' 
 i also felt weird having another guy 's face six inches away from my crotch . 
 `` if i tell you why we brought you here , will you at least consider helping us ? '' 
 asked vilaris , annoying me . 
 `` absolutely not , '' i said . 
 `` unless there 's chips in it for me , in which case i 'd be working for you , not helping you . '' 
 `` we can probably pay you a little for your trouble , '' vilaris said . 
 `` well why did n't you say so ? 
 or better yet , why did n't you just use the phrase ` work for us ' instead of ` help us ' ? '' 
 `` because you do n't have a choice in the matter . 
 we know you killed those miner thugs . '' 
 chaz stopped fiddling with my leg . 
 he shrank away , and i saw him gulp . 
 `` killed ? '' 
 `` it 's not like it sounds , chaz . 
 they jumped me , and i -- '' `` why are you lying ? '' 
 said blaylocke . 
 `` first our gravstone buyer ends his contract with the city . 
 then we hear the civvies ' chattering on the bluewave about so-and-so who 's wanted for murder and attempted larceny . 
 then to top it all off , the civvies come down into the nearflow and risk having their boats dashed to pieces to find said murderer . 
 they were looking for you , muller . 
 you told us yourself you were n't far away from being the most wanted outlaw in the stream . '' 
 i gave chaz a pleading look . 
 `` chaz , i 'm not a lunatic . 
 you got ta believe me , i was minding my own business when -- '' `` tell me the truth , '' chaz said , shrugging out of his apparatus . 
 why do i have to be such a bigmouth ? 
 `` okay , i stole something , '' i said , throwing up my bound hands . 
 that made chaz flinch . 
 `` i hid the haul on some floater and went to a tavern , planning to pick it up later in my boat . 
 gilfoyle and his goons found me first and said they 'd kill me if i did n't show them where it was . 
 i did , but gilfoyle decided he wanted me dead anyway . 
 they put me on a beat-up old hovercell and sent me to the churn to die . 
 if gilfoyle is n't buying from you anymore , you should consider yourself lucky and find someone else to do business with . 
 someone who is n't a lying sack of crap . '' 
 `` what did you steal ? '' 
 blaylocke asked , as though he already knew . 
 i hesitated . 
 `` gravstone . 
 a pretty big haul . '' 
 `` and where do you think that gravstone came from ? '' 
 it hit me , and i knew where this was going . 
 `` at the time , i thought it was from the churn mines . 
 it was n't though , was it ? 
 it was from pyras . '' 
 blaylocke shot me a look . 
 `` do you know how we keep this old city so sparkling new ? 
 why we 're so wealthy even though we 're humans ? 
 because gravstone is our chief export . 
 every trade we make , every deal we strike , has to be done in secret . 
 that 's how we keep pyras under the radar . 
 in the case of our gravstone , it 's by only dealing with one buyer . 
 a buyer you tried to steal from . 
 who , after losing four of his men , a hovercell and a pair of hovertrucks , says it 's too dangerous around here . 
 he 's packing up his operation and shipping off to friendlier nearflow , and he never paid a single chip for that entire truckload . 
 that was almost half a year 's output . 
 you just scared off the only person keeping pyras funded . '' 
 i 'd ruined the economy of an entire city , and they wanted to pay me to fix it . 
 i had to hand it to myself . 
 `` we brought you back here because we want to give you the chance to make it right , '' blaylocke continued . 
 `` now that you know how many innocent people depend on the exports from our ore veins , you must feel some compulsion to help . '' 
 if i had said i felt one iota of compulsion , i 'd have been lying . 
 they were the morons basing their livelihood on the sale of a single element . 
 just because it was the most valuable element in existence did n't make it okay to put all their eggs in one basket . 
 besides , it 's not like i had known i was screwing them over . 
 `` so that 's what you wanted to pay me for ? 
 you were going to throw some arbitrary number of chips at me and say ` make it right ' ? 
 ` fix what you did n't know you broke ' ? 
 what happens if i go out and tell the whole world about you instead ? '' 
 `` good luck finding us again , first of all , '' said vilaris , running a hand through his long oily locks . 
 `` and second of all , '' said blaylocke , `` that 's going to be hard for you to do with the device chester is about to install , which is the reason we brought you down here to the department of innovation . '' 
 `` i 'm doing what , now ? '' 
 chaz was so gullible and easygoing , i 'd started to like the guy . 
 `` sorry for the short notice , chester , '' vilaris said . 
 `` the old ` do what we say , or we 'll kill you ' routine , huh ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i expected better from you guys . '' 
 i 've always liked making people think i 'm one step ahead of them . 
 i also like being a wiseacre , so ... two birds with one stone , there . 
 `` not quite , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` we prefer to reward rather than punish . 
 the device lets us keep tabs on you . '' 
 `` a bluewave beacon ? 
 no thanks . '' 
 `` it 's not on the bluewave . 
 it 's a sub-signal . 
 we 're the only ones who can trace it . 
 the device will let us listen in on everything you 're saying . 
 if we get wind of you doing anything that could jeopardize your task , you 'll get a shock just like the ones from the magnetic cuffs and the cracklefields on our bikes . 
 keep it up , and we 'll come find you . '' 
 `` that 's your idea of a reward ? '' 
 `` the not-killing-you part was the reward . '' 
 `` so i have no choice in the matter . 
 you 're forcing me to do this . '' 
 blaylocke shrugged . 
 `` we were hoping it would n't come to that . 
 we thought you 'd want to help . '' 
 `` surprise , buttholes . 
 i 'm not a humanitarian . 
 i do n't work for free . 
 how do you expect me to do this , anyway ? 
 why do n't you just do it yourselves ? '' 
 `` we will do it ourselves , if you fail . 
 but even as a wanted man , a techsoul can get around in the stream easier than a human could . 
 you said you 're an outlaw . 
 do n't outlaws know how to sell things under the radar ? 
 when you stole all that gravstone , did you plan on selling it ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i said . 
 `` to one person ? '' 
 i looked at him like i thought he was dumb . 
 was n't hard , since i did . 
 `` highly unlikely that i could 've found one person who could afford all that gravstone . 
 probably would 've had to find a dozen . '' 
 `` so all you have to do is pretend you have enough gravstone to sell to a dozen people . 
 then find us those people . '' 
 `` that could take months , if i 'm lucky . 
 i 'd need a boat to haul it in , and a crew to protect it . '' 
 `` as human as we may be , we do have brains , '' vilaris said . 
 `` we 're not gon na give you the gravstone in advance . 
 that 's how gilfoyle burned us . 
 you find the customers , we ship the goods . '' 
 `` with the kinds of people i tend to deal with , asking them to take delivery after payment is as good as spitting in their faces , '' i said . 
 `` there is one other option , '' said blaylocke . 
 i waited . 
 `` you could convince mr. gilfoyle to pay us back . '' 
 i laughed out loud . 
 `` the guy keeps a whole crew of thugs on retainer . 
 if you think i 'm ever getting within a mile of him by myself , you 're delusional . '' 
 i wanted that medallion -- the one i 'd tried to trade away from gilfoyle for his own truckful of gravstone . 
 but i was n't stupid enough to go near him again . 
 `` what if you were n't by yourself ? '' 
 vilaris said . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 i asked , leveling my gaze at him . 
 `` blaylocke and i will come with you . 
 there is n't time to build a streamboat , but we can charter an airship from the city . '' 
 blaylocke disagreed . 
 `` this is his problem , clint . 
 let him figure it out . '' 
 `` a crew of humans ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` please . 
 spare me the fairy tales . 
 if anyone gets wind of me riding around with a bunch of primies , we 'll all be dead before dinner . '' 
 `` you 're forgetting what kind of primies you 'll be riding around with , '' vilaris said . 
 `` the kind with cracklefields and magnetic cuffs ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` ooh . 
 the techsouls will be so scared , they 'll forget to bring their skin augurs . '' 
 `` you think we do n't know how dangerous it is for us up there ? 
 that 's why we want you to go , '' blaylocke said . 
 `` yet you wo n't give me gravstone , money , a boat , or a half-decent crew . 
 you 'd better get ready to do a whole lot of crackling , because that 's the only way you 're getting me to move a muscle for your cause . '' 
 vilaris gave a long sigh . 
 `` an airship and a crew of primies is the best we can do . '' 
 `` fine , but only if we switch from the airship to a streamboat once we get up there . 
 i want to hire a few techsouls of my own choosing to supplement our crew . 
 and i want chaz to come . 
 i 'm gon na need a full kit and i 'm gon na need it to be in working order . '' 
 vilaris was too eager to wait for chaz 's response . 
 `` sure , we can do all of it . 
 and chaz comes too . '' 
 `` deal , '' i said , quicker than quick . 
 `` now will you take off these cuffs ? 
 i 'm getting a headache from all the crackling . '' 
 vilaris gestured , and blaylocke obliged . 
 ladies and gents , i thought , rubbing my abraded wrists , that 's how you turn incarceration into salvation . 
 `` let 's get moving , '' said vilaris . 
 `` we 've got lots to do and too little time to do it in . '' 
 `` chester , you 'd better take the tool in for repairs , '' blaylocke joked . 
 i snatched blaylocke by the collar and lifted him , legs dangling . 
 i could smell his breath , rotten from mouth-breathing and vegetable soup . 
 `` do n't ever call me a tool again . '' 
 i let him down , poked a finger into his face . 
 `` i will haunt your nightmares . '' 
 vilaris had that look squirrels get before they decide to cross the street . 
 i 'd seen squirrels on roathea , a floater that boasted both the largest city and one of the largest forested areas in the world . 
 `` get that crackler installed first thing , chester , '' vilaris said . 
 `` will you be okay if we leave ? '' 
 i could tell chaz was more afraid of me now than ever , but he nodded and stayed with me in the warehouse as the two city watchmen left to find us a flight into the stream . 
 `` i 'm afraid my experience installing techsoul modifications is limited , '' chaz said . 
 `` that 's okay , chaz . '' 
 he only flinched a little when i put a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i would n't expect someone in a city full of primies to know how techsouls work . 
 fortunately for you , i know a lot about how i work . 
 i have all the necessary ports and terminals . 
 we just have to build some tech and make it fit . '' 
 chaz gave an almost imperceptible nod . 
 `` do n't worry , pal , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't fly off the handle like that all the time . 
 we can be buds without you worrying that i 'm gon na flip out on you , right ? '' 
 `` sure , '' chaz said . 
 i did n't believe him . 
 it took us a few days to gather all the junk we needed to start building . 
 before we 'd so much as lit our first blowtorch in the effort , vilaris and blaylocke were already antsy to get going . 
 lots of pressure from the big guys , they said . 
 a council of three ruled pyras ; two primies , and one techsoul who fancied himself a sort of primie-rights activist , allowed in the city only because he was celibate and he 'd sworn off mods of any kind . 
 they 'd actually made him swear never to augment himself , so his living in pyras was no temporary whim . 
 all this and more i learned from chaz , who had started to open up to me with a little goading and my repeated assurances that while i was no law-lover , i was n't a psycho axe murderer either . 
 `` any chance i could meet this guy ? '' 
 i asked chaz one day while we were looking over a set of schematics i 'd drawn up for the new-and-improved hydraulic legs i wanted . 
 `` councilor yingler ? 
 he 's a bit on the busy side , as i understand it . 
 and he 's forbidden to enter the department of innovation due to his vow of remaining . '' 
 `` so i 'll go see him in the council chamber . 
 where 's that ? '' 
 chaz did n't say anything for a while . 
 `` somewhere in the building , huh ... '' he pursed his lips . 
 `` i should n't say . 
 blaylocke told me -- '' `` blaylocke spews so much hot air he could get a second job as a furnace . 
 come on , chaz , buddy . 
 introduce me . '' 
 `` before we leave the city , maybe , '' was all he said before he changed the subject . 
 an escort from the city watch brought me home every night to the tiny apartment they 'd made up for me . 
 another complement of guards stood outside my door all night , and a third brought me back to kingsholme every morning . 
 the city did n't like the idea of playing host to another techsoul any more than i liked being trapped there . 
 they were serious about making sure i did n't find a way to seduce some primie woman and breed my way into their perfectly preserved gene pool . 
 i got dirty looks whenever i went out in the streets , so i focused on designing a killer set of tech and spent all the time i could in the workshop with chaz . 
 it felt like imprisonment , but it sure beat rotting in some regency prison . 
 my new kit was n't the collection of sought-after tech i 'd lost to gilfoyle and his men , but when chaz and i were done tinkering , i was satisfied . 
 i felt confident again too , something i had n't felt since the night they took it all away . 
 and i was heavy , unused to being weighed down with so many extra components . 
 if i 'd wanted to shoulder a fuel tank the size of a cow , chaz said , he could turn my feet into a pair of hover engines . 
 or if i wanted a turbine for a hat , he could make me a man-sized airplane . 
 he had the idea of turning my fingertips into a swiss army knife , each one a different tool , and the one about putting driftmetal in my calves and rigging up a set of gravstone clinkers . 
 he insisted that i install a few weapon mods until i told him any moron knows you never store explosives inside your body . 
 if there 's one thing a techsoul knows , it 's how to exploit the tender spots on another techsoul . 
 so i said ` no thanks ' to all those things , but yes to a whole slew of others that i was planning to test before we got into the thick of things . 
 as it turned out , i never got the chance . 
 on departure day , a sparse crowd had already gathered in the city square by the time we arrived to find a small airship waiting to bear us aloft . 
 an envelope of thick canvas skin , the sausage-shaped gasbag was an unremarkable beige color . 
 rigging lines attached it to the boat beneath , an aerodynamic wooden craft as slender and graceful as an old seafaring vessel . 
 rotating prop engines were mounted to its sides , and it had a windowed command bridge at the fore . 
 `` she 's a beaut , is n't she ? '' 
 chaz said proudly . 
 `` the secant 's clarity . '' 
 i hated airships . 
 slow , unwieldy things . 
 like flying a turd on crutches , dad used to say . 
 `` you built her ? '' 
 `` designed , built , and flight-tested , '' said chaz . 
 `` how 's she gon na hold up when we get rammed by a streamboat full of pirates ? '' 
 `` you 're the captain , not the gunner . 
 you leave the ship 's defenses to my more capable hands . '' 
 chaz was n't afraid of me anymore , and i was n't sure i liked it . 
 by the time the ship was loaded and ready to lift off , the streets were jammed with people . 
 we stood on deck and looked out over the throngs , the four of us breakfasted and dressed in the finest trimmings hildebrand 's haberdashery had to offer . 
 an entire city full of primies , i thought . 
 i still could n't believe it . 
 i basked in the attention , knowing i was a hot commodity . 
 so what if half the city hated me and knew i was doing this against my will ? 
 the other half did n't . 
 i could n't help but observe the fairer sex amongst pyras 's citizens . 
 i do n't care what anyone says -- primie girls are just as gorgeous as techsoul women . 
 i decided not to share the thought with my companions , though . 
 i had the jitters , but they were a different kind of jitters than the heart-pounding , clammy-handed thrill of pulling off a big score . 
 they were the jitters of knowing thousands of people were relying on me . 
 suddenly the whole thing stank of helping people . 
 but what could i do ? 
 chaz had installed that sub-signal shocker , bolted it into a compartment near my wrist that he 'd locked with a cipher key . 
 they could reduce me to a quaking pile of synth whenever they wanted . 
 blaylocke had convinced chaz to let him hold onto the remote -- even more reason to be on my worst behavior . 
 `` you never did take me to see that techsoul councilor of yours , '' i said . 
 `` think he 'll show up for the big send-off ? '' 
 chaz wrinkled his mouth . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` councilor yingler runs most of our errands to the stream , '' said vilaris . 
 `` he 's the one who used to trade directly with gilfoyle . 
 i do n't think he 'd like you very much . 
 i think if he wanted to meet you , he 'd have arranged it by now . '' 
 `` oh come on , everyone likes me , '' i said . 
 blaylocke snorted . 
 `` everyone who 's not an idiot , '' i said . 
 `` you really think you 're capable of finding us a crew ? '' 
 vilaris asked . 
 `` reliable , honest techsouls ? '' 
 `` yes and no , '' i said . 
 `` yes to the first question . 
 no way to the second . 
 you want sailors crewing this boat , or nannies ? 
 reliability and honesty come second to skill and know-how . '' 
 `` he ca n't do a thing , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` we should 've sent him on this fool 's errand by himself . '' 
 `` yeah , well i 'm thrilled about having you along , too , '' i said . 
 in the stream , hanging out with primies is like wearing a bathing suit to a wedding ; you might as well ask to be ridiculed . 
 primies are nothing but churn-scum to most techsouls . 
 some techsouls even hate primies so much they 'll go out of their way to kill them , so the way i saw it , having three primies along did n't help my chances of staying out of trouble . 
 `` i 'll give you something to be thrilled about , '' said blaylocke , patting the sub-signal remote in his pocket . 
 `` i swear , blaylocke , give me one more good reason to pop you in the jaw and i 'll make sure you never carry another conversation without a paper and pencil . '' 
 we spoke to each other out of the corners of our mouths , all the while standing at the railing , smiling at the crowds and giving them the occasional wave or thumbs-up . 
 vilaris and chaz had gotten used to my animosity toward blaylocke over the previous weeks . 
 i did n't like the guy , and i 'm not the type to pretend i like you unless there 's something in it for me . 
 i could n't put my finger on what i found so abrasive about him . 
 i just knew i hated his face and everything that came out of it . 
 `` cool off , muller , '' said vilaris , eyeing me . 
 `` we 're not even off the ground yet and you 're antagonizing him already . '' 
 `` i 'm getting an early start , '' i said . 
 `` you got ta run laps before you can finish the marathon . '' 
 i was n't sure where we 'd find our future crew , of course . 
 most of the sailors i 'd worked with were my father 's men now . 
 my poor ostelle was on the regency 's payroll , commissioned to hunt thieves and wanted men like me . 
 we 'd thought ahead in that regard . 
 chaz , vilaris and blaylocke had made themselves honorary techsouls at my behest , in secret from their friends and families . 
 techsouls and primies look alike until you get under the skin , so i 'd shown the haberdasher how to make techsoul clothing . 
 the pants had velcro panels in the inner thighs , the shirts and jackets had flaps that opened down the shoulders , and the boots had heel and toe ports . 
 my companions were still human weaklings underneath it all , but at least they would n't stick out like ticks on an albino . 
 as for rustling up a real crew -- it was time to find out if i had any true friends left in this world . 
 4 airships like the secant 's clarity are nothing like streamboats . 
 in a streamboat , the only way you 'll ever fall out of the sky is if you lose your driftmetal runners . 
 you 're more likely to get an unwanted dose of ` up ' than one of down . 
 an airship , on the other hand , is just a big bubble . 
 and bubbles can be popped . 
 in my capsule at the fore , i hunkered down over the controls of the secant 's clarity as we rose toward pyras 's protective cloaking field . 
 through the wide glass panes that chaz had assured me were unbreakable , i could see out from the belly of the beast in every direction but behind me . 
 the crowds below were sending us a deafening farewell . 
 far above the nearflow 's dark maelstrom , a pure blue sky awaited us . 
 chaz had suggested we each take a section of the controls to divide up the work , but that could wait until we hit clearer skies . 
 he 'd designed the ship so a single person could control everything from one seat in case the need arose . 
 since my reflexes were faster , and since i did n't have the patience to shout out my orders and wait for them to be followed , i decided i 'd shoulder the burden myself . 
 as soon as the topmost portions of our craft breached the dome , i began to feel the vibrations from the debris smacking the gasbag 's envelope like fingers flicking a rubber balloon . 
 did anyone in pyras consider the implications of flying an airship through a hailstorm of magnetic stones , or is there somebody down there who wants us to fail ? 
 chaz did n't strike me as the type of guy who would 've overlooked this in his design , but i supposed it was possible . 
 the even more disconcerting thought was that if someone had planned to put us in an unsuitable ship as an act of sabotage , they were probably going to get away with it . 
 was that why yingler had n't wanted to meet me ? 
 quit being paranoid and fly the blasted thing , i had to tell myself . 
 wind hammered the clarity and threw us into a tilt . 
 the entire craft leaned so far sideways i could 've waved to the crowds without bending at the waist . 
 when i passed through the cloaking field , the roar of cheering voices went silent . 
 all i could hear in its place was the nearflow 's skirling . 
 i could only imagine the peoples ' cheers turning to gasps as the wind swept us up like a broom over a breadcrumb . 
 i struggled for lift while the nearflow spit rocks at my windows . 
 the air was as thick as dirt , my companions gathered around me and clinging to the girders like a pack of stranded rats . 
 vilaris and blaylocke were grim-faced ; chaz was equal parts terror and nausea . 
 it made me laugh . 
 that was probably because i was all kitted out with new tech now . 
 i did n't have as many reasons to be afraid as they did . 
 `` you 've got to take her higher , '' chaz managed to shout above the din . 
 `` the exterior skin can only take so much punishment . '' 
 `` i 'll get us there , '' i yelled back . 
 `` keep your crotch in your chair and let me fly . '' 
 i flicked my pedals and took us hard to port , letting the nearflow push us instead of trying to fight against it . 
 i could 've made a nice tight turn in a streamboat like my ostelle , but the best i could do in this tub was wobble in a lazy arc as the stone-laden wind buffeted us . 
 the windows sounded like they were about to burst , the constant tap-tap-tap of smaller rocks interrupted every now and then by the whack of a stone the size of a melon . 
 i thought i was going to stomp the port-side turning pedal through the floorboards by the time we finally straightened out so the nearflow could wash us along in its tide . 
 i turned the elevator wheel , watching the dials on my instruments quiver and spin . 
 `` watch your ballast gauges . 
 we 're flying too heavy , '' chaz sputtered . 
 `` would you like to take over , or are you gon na shut up and let me drive ? '' 
 i lifted my feet off the pedals and raised my arms into the air , like i was hanging from a set of stirrups . 
 `` drive , '' they all shouted . 
 i got back down on the controls , shaking my head and swearing to myself as the airship shuddered . 
 buncha sissies . 
 i 'd get us out of this -- but as usual , i was going to do it my way . 
 i hit the engines full speed and level , pushing us downwind . 
 with the nearflow at our backs , the engines were getting blasted . 
 i could hear the metallic clanging of the propeller blades slapping rocks aside . 
 one sharp stone at just the right angle was all it would take before we 'd find ourselves dealing with irreversible damage . 
 soon the ship began to falter and lag behind the speed i needed to reach to escape the nearflow . 
 the torrent was so strong it was stunting the propellers ' rotation . 
 chaz 's airship came with a few surprises , though . 
 surprises i 'd had the foresight to ask him about previously . 
 now that we had some momentum , i cut the engines to prevent them from taking further damage . 
 then i opened the front ballonet valve , letting air out of the forward-most of the two internal sacs designed to act as counterweights . 
 we nosed up while the wind pushed us forward . 
 soon we could see clear blue above us , and i twisted the rear ballonet valve open to level us out . 
 we had almost cleared the nearflow when there was a loud snap . 
 the whole cabin shook and tilted forward . 
 anything that was n't bolted in slid to the fore and clattered to rest in the window well . 
 chaz fell too , lost his seat as the cabin tilted vertical . 
 he tumbled down head-first , slamming hard onto the glass . 
 my heart skipped like a stone , boots slipping off the pedals as my weight shifted forward . 
 through the windows i could see in startling detail how high we 'd risen . 
 the airship 's entire undercarriage was dangling from the balloon like a thumb pointing down from a fist , the nearflow pelting it even as the balloon itself ascended to cleaner air . 
 lucky the engines were cut , or they would 've been pushing us downward . 
 `` what the blazes do we do now , genius ? '' 
 blaylocke screamed , his ire directed at chaz . 
 blaylocke was still in his chair , scrabbling for purchase and unused to his techsoul footwear . 
 vilaris had managed to climb around behind his chair and was clinging to the back of the seat . 
 chaz did n't respond . 
 loose junk and a spatter of blood decorated the window below him . 
 his unbreakable glass was the only barrier between himself and gravity . 
 the rocks pinging the bottom of the hull were lessening in force now . 
 the windows were caked with dust , obscuring the outside world in a dull brown film . 
 the floor was sloping forward at around sixty degrees , i guessed . 
 at least the ship was still rising . 
 i 'd seen plenty of airships travel between drift-towns , but i 'd never seen one take off from the surface and climb all the way through the nearflow and into the stream . 
 there was one problem inherent in our current situation , which i was now coming to realize : there 's no way to put eyes on what 's above you when you 've got a pudgy balloon in the way . 
 being the genius was chaz 's responsibility , not mine . 
 so naturally , i beseeched him for advice . 
 `` chaz , you alright buddy ? 
 we need you . 
 stay with us , huh ? '' 
 i called down loud and firm , clinging to my seat . 
 chaz blinked . 
 i had n't noticed the awkward positioning of his body before he blinked . 
 i heard him take in a deep breath . 
 okay , i told myself . 
 time to put some of this fancy new tech to good use . 
 i spun halfway around and slid down to him , scraping to a halt on the retractable toe and wrist spikes he 'd designed , leaving deep gouges in the deck . 
 `` chaz , ol’ buddy , '' i said . 
 `` it 's about time we found someplace to land . 
 you with me ? '' 
 he looked up , groggy and half-awake . 
 i was reaching toward him , my upper body anchored by one wrist spike , when the ship quaked . 
 i heard something rasping along the canvas skin of our balloon , and i knew we must 've run into the bottom of a big floater . 
 the balloon was dragging us up the rocky underside . 
 if it burst , we had seconds -- seconds , before we dropped out of the sky . 
 chaz took my hand . 
 i hoisted him to his feet , my hydraulics hissing to afford me the strength . 
 when the balloon cleared the edge of the floater , the undercarriage slammed against it and began to scrape up the side . 
 the cabin 's port-side wall disappeared in a storm of wooden splinters . 
 before i had time to do anything , another rigging line snapped . 
 we tipped sideways , thrown toward the gaping hole in the side of our hull . 
 vilaris lost his feet and hung by his chair 's armrest ; blaylocke 's body whipped around , but he managed to keep a one-armed hold and found himself dangling above the chasm . 
 chaz slid into the corner window . 
 i stayed where i was , anchored to my spikes like a fly on the wall . 
 we stuck . 
 some jut of rock snagged the hull somewhere , and we stuck there with the balloon above and the undercarriage dangling with us inside it . 
 through the splintered hull i could see the floater 's rocky underside sloping away from us like the prow of a ship . 
 below us the nearflow blew the stones past in a dizzying sprint ; below that , the churn . 
 chaz propped himself up on his knees , subdued and too calm in light of the situation . 
 blood flowed from a wound in his head , dark and copious , matting his blond hair to his scalp . 
 vilaris and blaylocke had managed to gain some traction and were perched on the sides of their seats like frightened birds . 
 `` hang on , '' i told them , knowing how redundant a thing it was to say . 
 let 's find out how unbreakable this glass really is . 
 it was a strange sensation , climbing a vertical floor toward the starboard side of the hull . 
 when i got there , i gave the window pane a series of sharp strikes with my wrist spike . 
 the blows left scratches ; the glass trembled in its frame , but it held . 
 i flexed my wrist . 
 a steel dart about four inches long quivered in the wood beside the window . 
 again . 
 another dart sprouted beside the first . 
 i drew one of chaz 's gravmines from a pocket in my webgear and rested it between the two darts . 
 it was a squarish box the size of a child 's building block . 
 no explosive components , but a marvel of electromagnetic tech if ever there was one . 
 `` look sharp , fellas , '' i yelled down . 
 i uprooted my climbing spikes and let myself slide down to chaz again . 
 `` sit tight , buddy . 
 i 'm gon na get you out . 
 promise . '' 
 the flecker was n't a marksman 's weapon ; an approximation of aim was all i needed . 
 i pointed straight up and fired . 
 when the flecker particle skimmed over the gravmine , there was a familiar clink , like the sound of a streamboat 's runners . 
 the window pane blew off its frame and spun away in one piece . 
 unbreakable , but not immovable . 
 the cabin shifted again . 
 we were swinging away from the floater , loosed from whatever had snagged us . 
 i did n't waste time climbing . 
 my grappler bit into the hull and took me upward . 
 when i clambered out of the open window frame , we were beside the floater and rising . 
 i can jump that , i told myself , doubting it was true . 
 the longer i waited , the less true it would be . 
 i crouched and leaned into my jump , grapplewire trailing behind me through the air , breath caught in my throat at the sheer amount of open sky between me and the floater . 
 at the pinnacle of that leap i knew i was n't going to make it , so i locked the winch and jerked downward , knocking the hull sideways . 
 i reeled myself up the deck , hoping i had n't jarred any of my companions loose . 
 on top of the hull again , i withdrew the grappler from the hull and took another leap . 
 this time i shot my wire at the floater from above , latched on , and swung in below it , slamming against the underside . 
 the pain lanced through me , but i set the winch to reeling . 
 maybe i should 've let chaz build me those hoverboots , i thought , as i lifted myself onto solid ground . 
 i wanted to lie there in the grass and catch my breath , let my body recover from the shock , but the secant 's clarity was getting away . 
 as soon as my grappler punched through the deck i let the wire slacken and ran across to the far side of the floater . 
 i planted my feet there and staked myself in with a pair of shiny new solenoids . 
 a long , nerve-wracking few minutes later , i had reeled the clarity to within reach . 
 vilaris and blaylocke came tumbling out through the gash and helped me moor her down . 
 i ventured inside and set the ballonets to refilling . 
 presently the wounded airship settled to rest , and we found ourselves alone in a sea of clouds , drifting along somewhere between the stream and the nearflow . 
 i pulled chaz outside with me and collapsed next to the two city watchmen , who were hugging the ground as though they had n't seen a patch of it in months . 
 `` well that was interesting , huh ? '' 
 i nudged chaz with my foot . 
 chaz said nothing . 
 just smiled at me , a vacant smile with the corner of his mouth making a little upward twitch . 
 i sat up . 
 `` chaz , '' i said . 
 `` you hit your head pretty hard . 
 i need you to say something to me . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 nothing . 
 just the same empty smile . 
 `` guys , chaz ai n't doing so well . '' 
 vilaris lifted himself into a seated position . 
 `` chester ? 
 chester . 
 professor doctor elijah chester wheatley . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said chaz . 
 `` i hear you . 
 make me a tray on the seventh form of kalican heights with the gorge betwixt a jollity and his motes of singe-gutter . 
 can i hasten to gewgaw ... '' he stopped in his tracks , mouth hung open and staring . 
 his jaw raised into another smile , something sinister in it . 
 had it been anyone else , i would 've seen fit to make a joke . 
 but it was chaz , sweet innocent chaz , and for the first time in longer than i could remember , i felt guilty . 
 i 'd frightened him ; tricked him . 
 shoot , i had n't stopped using the guy since the moment i met him . 
 he would n't have come on this little adventure if i had n't insisted . 
 not that i was blaming myself . 
 i never blame myself , even when i deserve to . 
 chaz was a brilliant man , with more potential in one breath than any dozen copies of blaylocke . 
 yet here we were , stranded , with no way to get him the help he needed . 
 i exchanged a look with vilaris . 
 he was thinking all the same things i was . 
 `` blaylocke , '' i said , standing . 
 `` i want you to circle the ship and double-check all the mooring lines . 
 the wind 's picking up , and it 's looking like we 're gon na be here a while . '' 
 `` do n't order me around , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm the one with the crackler , remember ? 
 why do n't you check the lines while i sit here and have a rest ? '' 
 he showed it to me , the gray plastic remote whose activation could turn me into a temporary colleague of chaz 's again . 
 he was grinning . 
 i considered making a lunge for the remote , but blaylocke was far enough away to press the button before i got there . 
 `` i was on my way inside to find a bandage for a buddy of mine who hit his head , '' i said . 
 `` but yeah , you just sit there and take a load off . 
 and when we get off this floater , you can sit there on your keister as long as you want . 
 what am i , your mom ? 
 get on your feet and take some blasted responsibility for yourself . '' 
 i stormed inside , through the roughshod hole in the port side of our vessel . 
 when i emerged with the medical supplies i 'd found , chaz was lying on his back in the grass . 
 vilaris and blaylocke were crouched at one of the stakes near the ship . 
 `` come take a look at this , '' vilaris said , motioning . 
 i stared at them , frowning in disbelief . 
 `` you guys left chaz by himself . '' 
 `` because of this , yeah , '' said blaylocke . 
 i ignored them and rushed to chaz . 
 he lay with his eyes wide open , staring up at the sky , midday sunlight painting him in shades of gold . 
 the floater was no bigger than a skating rink , with room enough for the airship and a wide grassy border around it . 
 there were n't many floaters this large so close to the surface . 
 it was close enough to the nearflow that i could hear the winds howling if i listened . 
 that meant the stream was much higher still , and we 'd be lucky if we saw signs of life more than once every few days . 
 with his head wrapped in thick white gauze , chaz looked like the refugee of some war zone . 
 he had started to mumble to himself while i dressed his wound , his voice taking on a faint singsong quality at times . 
 i wrapped the bandages around his head several more times than i needed to so the blood would n't show through , and left him to join the others only after i was satisfied the bleeding had stopped altogether . 
 `` bout time , '' blaylocke said as i approached . 
 `` okay , what is it ? '' 
 `` look at this rigging line . '' 
 vilaris held up the end . 
 `` this is the first one that broke , while we were still in the nearflow . 
 these ropes are thick . 
 this is not the kind of thing that just snaps in half from a sharp rock in the wind . 
 look at the fraying around the edges . 
 the breaking point is right in the middle , at the very top of the lift bag . 
 someone did n't want us making it out of there . 
 someone sabotaged the clarity , and it 's only thanks to you that we 're still alive . '' 
 i ignored his thanks . 
 i did n't have time to take recognition for good deeds done with selfish intentions . 
 `` is n't yingler the obvious choice ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` someone who secretly wants to oversee the downfall of pyras so he can be the only living techsoul with access to all its wealth ? '' 
 `` that sounds like a more fitting description of yourself , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` you 're the wild card -- the stranger with a shady past and devious plans . 
 councilor yingler has lived in pyras for going on six years now . '' 
 i would 've thrown blaylocke off the edge then and there if i had n't been so worried about chaz wandering over it himself . 
 over my shoulder , he was still sitting in the grass where i 'd left him . 
 `` you say ` six years ' like it 's a long time , '' i said . 
 `` i 've left stains i liked better than you more recently than six years ago . '' 
 `` there 's one major difference between you and yingler , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` yingler is a trustworthy man . 
 you 're nothing but a petty criminal . '' 
 `` bloody right i am , and it takes one to know one , is n't that what they say ? 
 if you think a guy wo n't go to interminable lengths to hide himself in plain sight , or to paint himself as an altruist when he 's really a scheming traitor , then your head is even further up your keister than i thought it was . '' 
 blaylocke yanked the remote from his pocket and stood , backed away a few steps . 
 `` hide behind your little bug zapper again , '' i said . 
 `` what a brave man . '' 
 blaylocke hit the button . 
 a thousand needles pricked every inch of my skin , crawling over me like a swarm of metallic spiders . 
 my whole body stiffened and i fell over , racked with pain . 
 solenoids and eyelights and wrist spikes flicked in and out , on and off . 
 my vision was trembling , my body screwed up tight , a high-pitched whine ringing in my ears . 
 i was erupting like some human alarm gone haywire . 
 when the crackler stopped , i lay like a discarded toy , breathing . 
 `` that 's for emergency situations only , not just anytime you feel like torturing him , '' i heard vilaris say . 
 blaylocke 's face blotted out the sky . 
 `` just making sure it works , '' he said , amused . 
 i 'd been all talk when they put the device in me . 
 it was much worse than i remembered the wristbands being . 
 chaz knew the cipher , the way to open the seal around it . 
 addled as he was , i did n't see much hope in getting it out of him . 
 it seemed the only way i 'd ever be rid of this thing was if i underwent major surgery or took my arm off at the elbow . 
 i could get a replacement , but those were expensive . 
 when i 'd recovered some , i sat up on my elbows . 
 `` do n't fall asleep tonight , '' i said . 
 blaylocke brandished the remote . 
 `` you want some more ? '' 
 `` i want you to shut your yap and listen . 
 vilaris , you said yingler was the guy who used to trade with gilfoyle on the city 's behalf . 
 why was that ? 
 because he 's a techsoul ? 
 do n't you find it a little strange that gilfoyle decides to break your contract and relocate his mining operation , and then the council sends me to fix the problem ? 
 that makes no sense , unless yingler had a reason not to go fix it himself . 
 if he knows gilfoyle and he 's on good terms with the guy , why would n't he at least make an effort ? 
 does he want the city to go bankrupt ? 
 because sending a group of expendables and sabotaging their mission seems like a good way to make sure it does . 
 i 'll bet you all the chips i have , yingler and gilfoyle were in league before i ever came into the picture . 
 my theft did n't scare gilfoyle off ; it gave him the excuse he needed to leave . 
 i think gilfoyle and yingler are conspiring against pyras . '' 
 vilaris was thoughtful . 
 blaylocke was sneering at me . 
 `` that sounds like a convenient ploy to clear yourself of guilt , '' he said , `` and it 's a very convoluted way of arriving at a theory that is n't plausible . 
 no one predicted you were going to fall into our lap like you did . 
 coming across your bluewave beacon in the churn was a stroke of luck for us . 
 councilor yingler is a shrewd man , and he saw that stroke of luck for what it was : an opportunity to fix what you 'd broken without risking the lives of any of pyras 's citizens . 
 that is , until you dragged us along with you . 
 now chaz is half-dead and we 're stuck on this rock ` til someone floats by . '' 
 `` i 've been working on airships all my life . 
 i can get us airborne again , it 's just going to take some time to flight-check all the systems . 
 if i had chaz to show me where all his tools are and give me a rundown of the schematics , it would be easier , but let 's be honest -- chaz ai n't exactly in a helpful mood . '' 
 i checked over my shoulder again . 
 chaz had gotten to his feet and was wandering around near the edge . 
 `` dangit , chaz . '' 
 i sprinted toward him and seized the back of his coat just as he was thrusting a foot out over the abyss . 
 `` not that way , ol’ buddy . 
 over here . '' 
 i turned him around and walked him back to the ship . 
 `` i guess we ought to chain him to the ground , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` anybody bring a dog collar ? '' 
 i was deciding whether to laugh or punch blaylocke in the throat when vilaris pointed . 
 `` look , another floater . 
 just above those clouds , there . 
 something 's built on it . '' 
 the small island was a few hundred feet higher than we were , riding a strong headwind . 
 it was far enough behind us that i could just make out the shape of an ornate building beyond the parting clouds . 
 my eye whirred as i zoomed in for a better look . 
 `` holy mother , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` there 's a symbol on the dome , there . '' 
 vilaris was nodding . 
 `` holy is right . 
 it 's a skytemple of leridote . '' 
 i grimaced . 
 `` temples are for law-lovers , '' i said . 
 `` screw law-lovers . '' 
 then i said something mean about law-lovers . 
 `` despite how you may feel , that temple is our best chance of getting help , '' said vilaris . 
 `` fixing the ship could take days . 
 that 's time we do n't have if we want to catch up with that floater . '' 
 `` you still want to go through with this whole endeavor ? 
 even if yingler and gilfoyle are in cahoots ? '' 
 `` even if they are , pyras will starve without income . 
 we produce our own crops and livestock , but there 's plenty more we do n't produce that the money from our gravstone buys . 
 if yingler wants us to fail , the best thing we can do is succeed . '' 
 `` fine . 
 you 're right , '' i said . 
 `` just do n't expect me to be pals with any of those leri-dolts up there . 
 help me mend the rigging lines . 
 we 're gon na get the clarity back in the air so we can chase down that temple . '' 
 5 our little floater slipped away beneath us as i took the clarity airborne . 
 wind whipped into the cabin through the yawning wound in our hull , filling the control capsule with cold , thin air . 
 vilaris and blaylocke had strapped chaz into his seat with a few lengths of rope to be sure he did n't fall or wiggle out while no one was watching . 
 i felt bad about it , but something was wrong with the guy . 
 we needed to get him to a place where he could get help . 
 it had taken us the better part of an hour to secure the lines and get the undercarriage balanced under the balloon again . 
 in that time , the skytemple had drifted past us and disappeared into the clouds overhead . 
 i 'd had to do some heavy convincing to get blaylocke back on board . 
 he was afraid the ship would n't make it more than a few feet off the floater . 
 i was just as afraid as he was , only i was n't a gutless wimp . 
 the prop engines sputtered to life , and i thanked myself in retrospect for shutting them off when i had . 
 there had n't been time to flight-check every last component , so i did a quick visual scan of my instruments to make sure there was pressure in the bag and clean air in the ballonets . 
 i set the engines to slow speed and opened both valves . 
 we lifted off , staying level . 
 i did n't want to risk nosing up too steeply like i had in the nearflow . 
 too much pressure on any of the rigging could put us back in a similar predicament . 
 `` there it is , '' vilaris said , leaning forward in his seat . 
 `` the back of it is poking out through that cloud . '' 
 `` alright , i see it , '' i said . 
 `` never thought i 'd be in such a hurry to get to church . '' 
 our little floater slipped out of view in the bottom windows . 
 i pushed the engines to half speed , making sure i was rising faster than i was accelerating . 
 we rose until we were at altitude with the skytemple . 
 i closed the ballonet valves and headed for the cluster of pillowy white clouds where our destination was hiding . 
 soon we were engulfed in a blinding cloak . 
 i cut the engines to slow as wisps of cumulus licked the interior of the ship like white flames , dissipating in the crisp air of the cabin . 
 something thudded against the hull . 
 `` not again , '' i sighed , thinking another line had snapped . 
 we came into clear sky , and the island temple spread out before us . 
 it was a large floater , a tenth of a mile long at least , with dense forests and a mountain waterfall at its head . 
 the temple foundations were of lavish gray stone , its wings and courtyards set on multi-layered terraces whose steps flowed over the contour of the land like rivers . 
 there were towers and steeples topped by concave roof trusses , with porcelain shingles of a deep watery purple . 
 like most inhabited floaters , this one had a small airfield . 
 there was a hover and two air barges , which the inhabitants must 've used to transport goods and passengers . 
 the airfield was n't large enough for a runway , but there were empty spaces for other ships to land . 
 the whole thing looked welcoming enough , except that there were monks streaming out of doors and onto balconies , aiming crossbows and ballistae in our direction . 
 vilaris swore . 
 `` i told you i had a bad feeling about this , '' i said . 
 `` no , you said you hated law-lovers , '' said blaylocke . 
 `` was i wrong ? '' 
 blaylocke did n't answer . 
 chaz was mumbling gibberish to himself . 
 `` well , i do n't see any reason to stick around , do you ? 
 the clarity is airworthy ; that much we know . 
 might as well stay that way while we still can , or they 'll turn this thing into a pincushion . '' 
 i was twisting open both ballast valves and reversing the engines as i spoke . 
 we began to rise while crossbow bolts punched the hull , quivering . 
 others careened off the windows , while still more rose toward us and lost momentum before plummeting back down . 
 the monks were dressed in purple robes that matched the color of the roofing tiles . 
 they scurried around like ants , getting smaller and less menacing as we faded up and back into the clouds . 
 `` is n't leridote supposed to be a peaceful god ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` men have been fighting in the name of peaceful gods for as long as there 've been gods , '' said vilaris . 
 `` they ought to know we did n't come here to continue the tradition , '' i said . 
 `` anything on the bluewave ? '' 
 asked vilaris . 
 `` maybe you can tell them yourself . '' 
 i looked at the comm . 
 `` not a thing . 
 they did n't even send us a warning . '' 
 `` uh , are you watching this pressure gauge here ? '' 
 blaylocke asked , rising from his seat and tapping the glass . 
 the needle wiggled . 
 the pressure in the balloon was dropping . 
 i swore . 
 `` did we get hit in the bag ? '' 
 asked vilaris . 
 `` do n't know what else it could be , unless a woodpecker got frisky with the ship while we were n't looking . '' 
 i opened the valves as wide as they could go and rotated the prop engines until they were vertical . 
 we jerked upward , rising like a puff of smoke . 
 i did n't care if we hit something ; i was taking us as high as i could before we lost the ability to rise altogether . 
 the pressure gauge was inching to the left , moving so slow it was hard to tell . 
 `` we got ta find someplace to land this thing , '' vilaris said . 
 `` i 'm going above to take a look around . '' 
 `` send blaylocke , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm gon na need you down here in a minute . '' 
 a few seconds passed before i heard blaylocke 's spyglass whisk open and his boots clunk up the stairs . 
 `` what do you need me for ? '' 
 asked vilaris . 
 `` it 's not looking too good , is it ? '' 
 he was shivering . 
 whether it was from cold or fear , i did n't know . 
 `` no , it 's not looking good , '' i admitted . 
 `` good thing chaz here is a prodigy . 
 ai n't it , pal ? '' 
 when i glanced over my shoulder , chaz gave me the response i expected : a warm , vacant smile . 
 `` find something sharp and start chopping up the floor . 
 we 're building a fire . '' 
 vilaris frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we need wood . 
 make a pile and i 'll tell you what to do next . '' 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' vilaris was anxious , on the verge of breaking down . 
 i wanted to scream at him . 
 i talked fast instead . 
 `` these ballast pipes vent through a furnace in the aft cabin of the ship . 
 build a fire , and the ballonets will fill with hot air instead of cold . 
 it 's gon na be a chore to fly this thing without ballast tanks , but at least we 'll stay afloat if the main bag loses pressure . 
 that enough of an explanation to get you moving ? '' 
 vilaris sprang into action without another word . 
 he snatched up the boarding axe hanging over the doorway and began hacking the planks to splinters . 
 a moment later , blaylocke stumbled down the steps into the cabin . 
 he saw what vilaris was doing and gave him a puzzled look . 
 `` there 's a floater up ahead , '' blaylocke said , `` about two o’clock . 
 we 're too far down and i ca n't see what 's on it . 
 we need to get higher . '' 
 `` doing the best i can , '' i said . 
 `` help vilaris with that firewood . '' 
 `` firewood ? '' 
 vilaris filled him in with a five-second physics lesson . 
 i sized up the pile of wood he 'd gathered . 
 `` okay , that 's plenty . 
 there should be lots of unlit coal in the furnace room . 
 get a few shovelfuls in there and burn what you can . 
 the wood will start faster and burn quicker until the coals get going . 
 now move it . '' 
 the two men left the command capsule with their arms full of firewood , leaving me to coax every inch of altitude i could get from the clarity before it turned to stone . 
 the needle on the pressure gauge was still sinking . 
 even with the prop engines pushing us vertical , we were creeping upward at a disheartening pace . 
 chaz was speaking softly to himself , still tied to his chair . 
 i leaned forward to catch a glimpse of the floater blaylocke had mentioned , but all i could see past the balloon 's bulk were clouds and the open blue of the sky . 
 there were folds and creases inching across the balloon 's surface , visible signs of the loss in pressure . 
 i should 've told them to let me know when they got the furnace going , i realized . 
 `` how you doing , buddy ? '' 
 i said , giving chaz a smile . 
 he did n't smile back this time . 
 his brow wrinkled . 
 he licked his lips . 
 `` i ... i do n't ... know , '' he said . 
 `` chaz ? 
 chaz . 
 it 's me , mull . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 silence , and another confused look . 
 `` chester , '' i said . 
 `` chester wheatley . 
 is that your name ? '' 
 chaz sighed . 
 his head lolled to one side . 
 he blinked , raised his eyebrows , closed his eyes as if enduring a bad headache . 
 `` without a doubt . '' 
 `` chester , '' i repeated , turning to face forward again . 
 `` if you can understand what i 'm saying , i need you to talk to me . 
 it 's very important . '' 
 `` what ... '' he said , trailing off into another sigh . 
 i wanted to go to him , but i did n't dare leave the pilot 's seat now . 
 `` you 're tied to your chair . 
 can you find the knots and start untying yourself ? '' 
 another moment of silence . 
 `` i ca n't ... move my fingers . 
 it feels stiff when i ... try to tell my hands what to do . '' 
 `` just a little hiccup in the fine motor skills , pal . 
 keep trying . 
 you took a hard hit to the dome , but your brain knows what to do . 
 concentrate . '' 
 the needle on the pressure gauge fell into the red . 
 i pushed the engines past half speed and up to full . 
 the altimeter stopped rising , started falling . 
 so did we . 
 my stomach leapt into my throat , a rush of fear and adrenaline . 
 we were sinking , a slow and continuous descent . 
 all the upward thrust the secant 's clarity could muster could n't prevent us from falling anymore . 
 dangit leridote , if we have to land on that skytemple of yours , i 'm gon na be pissed ... vilaris came leaping down the steps , hoisting himself by the handrails . 
 `` we got the fire going . 
 the air 's warming up , but it 's not hot enough yet . '' 
 `` how much longer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` another minute or two . '' 
 i bounced my knees , drummed on the armrests with my fingers ; reached for the valves , took my hands away . 
 `` untie chaz , '' i said after a moment . 
 `` he 's doing better . 
 i think he understands it when you talk to him now . '' 
 vilaris obeyed . 
 `` chester ? 
 do you know who i am ? '' 
 chaz cleared his throat , gulped . 
 `` yes ... i can remember . 
 i know you . '' 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 i interrupted , feeling the ballast pipes for warmth . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 try it , '' said vilaris . 
 `` i ca n't try it . 
 if i fill the ballonets before there 's hot air in the pipes , they 'll fill with cold air instead and we 'll drop even faster . 
 here , take the helm for a minute . 
 i 'm gon na go check . '' 
 i leapt over the controls and darted up the steps , taking them two at a time . 
 on the deck , the clouds were rushing by , heading upward too fast now for comfort . 
 i descended into the aft cabin , where blaylocke sat tending the fire . 
 his face had a dour look , black smudges and fingerprints across his eyes and nose . 
 `` how 's it looking ? '' 
 i asked , crouching to get a look at the furnace myself . 
 `` fine . '' 
 he was listless , his face a mask of sorrow . 
 i felt the exhaust pipe and the lines that snaked across the ceiling toward the command capsule . 
 both were hot to the touch . 
 `` we 're going to be alright . 
 just keep that fire going , and keep it as hot as you can . '' 
 blaylocke nodded , staring into the flames as though he had n't heard me . 
 `` what 's the deal with blaylocke ? '' 
 i asked vilaris when i 'd returned to the controls . 
 i was already cranking the valves to start the ballonets filling . 
 vilaris gave me a knowing glance . 
 `` is he still looking miserable back there ? 
 we could n't find kindling to start the fire with , so gareth had to use parchment paper ... including a letter he 'd written to his wife . 
 when we started falling , he got pretty upset . 
 he was like , ` we wo n't survive this time . 
 this is it . 
 it 's the end . '' ' 
 `` how was he planning to mail letters to a hidden city that nobody knows about ? '' 
 `` he was going to write to her every day , like a journal of sorts , and give her the letters when we got back . '' 
 i shut my mouth . 
 i did n't know what it was like having a family you wanted to get back to . 
 not anymore . 
 i 'd only been away from my parents for a few weeks , but i could say without reservation that they 'd been the best few weeks of my life -- torture and other hardships aside . 
 being on your own was the absolute nuts , as far as i was concerned . 
 i did n't need anyone , i told myself , unless they had the potential to be of use to me . 
 blaylocke was weak , and that gave me another reason not to like him . 
 soon we stopped sinking and leveled out . 
 after a minute , the ballonets filled up with the warm smoky air from our impromptu fire , and we began to rise again . 
 i rotated the engines to push us forward , knowing i 'd have to use engine thrust alone to control our altitude now . 
 we collided with a thick head of clouds and found ourselves engulfed in a pocket of obscuring mist . 
 i sent the secant 's clarity rising faster , wanting to escape the feeling of sightlessness before anything else went wrong . 
 when we cleared the tops of the clouds , they became a carpet below our feet . 
 the airship seemed nothing more than an insect , soaring over the soft white blooms of a cotton field . 
 grand , stately floaters drifted on skyward currents , massive islands replete with sprawling towns and palatial cities that dotted the blue as far as we could see . 
 against all odds , we 'd reached the stream . 
 i felt a heavy hand on my shoulder . 
 it was chaz , standing behind me , unsteady on his feet . 
 vilaris was supporting him on the other side . 
 there were tears in his eyes . 
 `` i never imagined it could look like this . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's pretty great , is n't it , '' i said . 
 `` it 's a whole ` nother world . '' 
 `` looks can be deceiving , '' i said . 
 `` especially for you guys . '' 
 vilaris was in a similar state , his eyes wide and shining with the reflection of the sky . 
 `` so ... what do we do now ? '' 
 `` we pick one . '' 
 we let chaz pick . 
 he chose the closest , easiest landing spot , a massive floater i recognized as mallentis , home to the twin cities hibantya and eulaya . 
 each city sat high up on its own plateau , the two joined together by a series of colossal steel bridges that spanned the canyon running between them . 
 we got bluewave clearance from the crow 's nest and touched down in the wide valley that ran out from the canyon like a river delta , a grassy field strewn with airships . 
 travelers too poor to afford accommodations in the cities were camped out at their ships , chatting and carrying on like the attendees of some big peace festival for land-huggers . 
 multi-bagged helium dirigibles sat beside sleek hoverships and small , lightbulb-shaped hot air balloons with brightly-colored skins . 
 there were sleek streamboats of every size , copters and prop planes , and even a few gliders . 
 the secant 's clarity looked like a greasy rag in a sea of silk robes , its hull sundered , its plain envelope sagging over the two ballonets within . 
 `` someone should stay with the ship , '' i suggested , after we 'd secured the mooring lines and located the hole where the crossbow quarrel had pierced the skin of the balloon . 
 `` i 'll go with you , '' said vilaris . 
 `` gareth and chester should stay here and get some rest . 
 stay on the bluewave , gareth . 
 and be sure to listen in on muller 's sub-signal , too . '' 
 neither of the men objected , so vilaris and i made our way toward the canyon as the afternoon shadows lengthened on the cliffs . 
 a set of elevators ran up each side , bullets of gleaming brass rocketing hundreds of feet through open shafts lined with pulsing blue lights . 
 the elevators on the left took passengers to hibantya ; the ones on the right , to eulaya . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 asked vilaris . 
 `` depends . 
 you want to buy a streamboat or rent one ? '' 
 `` what 's the difference , price-wise ? '' 
 `` that 's like asking how much food costs . 
 how much of it do you want ? 
 what kind ? 
 do you want to wash your own dishes ? 
 there 's no simple answer unless you can be more specific . '' 
 `` we charter a fifty-foot ship , complete with captain and crew . 
 or we buy that same ship and hire each crewmember separately . 
 how much of a difference are we talking ? '' 
 `` okay ... roughly ? 
 about a year 's salary . 
 now , if it takes us longer than a week or two to find gilfoyle , your rental costs go up . 
 and this is all assuming we do n't let slip that you three are ... who you are . 
 it costs extra to keep mouths quiet , you know . '' 
 `` right . 
 so you know some people ? 
 some sailors , i mean ? 
 what do you recommend ? '' 
 `` i say we go both ways . 
 that sounds bad -- let me explain . 
 eulaya is where the rich folks live . 
 the smaller of the two cities , the less crowded , and the more exclusive . 
 anybody who owns a streamboat worth buying will be there . 
 once we have our boat , we cross over to hibantya and round up a crew of the most despicable , cutthroat sailors we can find . 
 and we put an ear to the ground for information about gilfoyle 's whereabouts while we 're at it . '' 
 we veered to the right at the edge of the airfield , where a handful of gypsies was dancing around a raging pit fire , while a dozen more sat in the shadows of their airships looking on . 
 vilaris gave the gypsies a wide berth . 
 `` i hope you do n't plan on hiring anyone too despicable . 
 no ... pirates , or anything . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` pirates . 
 what is a pirate , really ? 
 you 've never stolen anything in your life ? 
 you might be a pirate , for all i know . '' 
 `` if having stolen something were the only criterion , most people would be pirates . 
 you , especially . '' 
 `` i beg your pardon , '' i said . 
 `` i prefer to think of myself as a commodities appropriation and merchandising specialist . '' 
 `` is n't that the same thing ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` pirates steal for glory and adventure . 
 i steal for no reason at all , and regardless of whether it 's necessary . '' 
 vilaris rolled his eyes . 
 we approached the elevators that would take us up to eulaya . 
 a squad of green-clad customs officers stood by , processing the tourists , merchants , and cargo shipments that were coming and going . 
 the narrow canyon was filled with them ; crowds of people and their wagons and carts carrying all manner of trade goods and supplies . 
 we waited in what passed for a line while the sun began to throw rays of pink and orange across the clouds . 
 soon one of the officers , a tall thin man in a stiff green suit , stepped toward us with a clipboard and pen in his hands . 
 `` welcome to mallentis , gentlemen , '' said the man . 
 `` are you citizens or visitors ? '' 
 `` we 're all citizens of the world , are n't we , my good man , '' i said . 
 `` say , how tall are these cliffs , here ? '' 
 `` on this side , close to three-hundred feet . 
 on the hibantya side , a little over two-hundred . 
 now -- '' `` the easier for the haves to look down on the have-nots , eh ? 
 which side do you live on ? 
 you 're a hibantyan , i 'll bet . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 now , sir , i need -- '' `` i knew it . 
 a man of the people . 
 i figured on that the second i saw you . 
 what 's your name , old chap ? '' 
 `` andrew partridge , '' was all i gave the officer time to say . 
 `` andrew ... hal nordstrom . '' 
 i took andrew 's clipboard and shook the hand that had been holding it . 
 `` pleased to meet you . 
 heavens bless men like you , who work so hard to keep this place organized and on the level for the upstanding businessmen of the world . 
 thank you so very much for your service . 
 say , we 're in need of a little help . 
 would you be so kind ? '' 
 `` certainly , but first -- '' i handed him the clipboard without stopping to take a breath . 
 `` we 'll be wanting a quick bite and some rousing conversation . 
 do you know a place that can offer us both ? 
 cost is no object . 
 my friend here is a moneyed man . '' 
 i prodded vilaris with an elbow . 
 `` not a working stiff like you and me . 
 truth be told , i ca n't stand the fellow . 
 wretched man . 
 would n't know a hard day 's work if it slapped him in the face . 
 look at him . 
 ca n't you see it in the way he carries himself ? 
 he puts on airs , what with the shaggy beard and unwashed appearance . 
 and yet , do you see how new these clothes are ? 
 exactly the way a wealthy man would disguise himself . 
 any suggestions for a lively place where this deplorable creature and i might dine this evening , andrew , old friend ? '' 
 `` there 's the crescent restaurant , the hart 's antlers , and the cliffline resort . 
 those are where i 'd go if money were no object . 
 but sir , please -- '' `` that 's very kind of you , andrew . 
 now do n't misjudge me : i myself am guilty of having come into a little extra coin every now and then , but every chip of it is thanks to a generous helping of hard , honest work . 
 if we were n't only passing through for the night to pick up a few supplies for the voyage home , and you were n't otherwise engaged , i 'd offer to take you with us in thanks for your dedication to the safety of mallentis . 
 that 'll have to wait for next time , however . 
 we 'll be sure to call on you when we 're in town again . 
 you can show us the sights , and we 'll show you a good time . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 i turned to vilaris . 
 `` be sure to give andrew here a generous tip , will you , you wealthy son of a gun ? '' 
 i began to move past andrew toward the elevators . 
 he had been scribbling on his clipboard as i talked . 
 `` uh , sir ... hal . 
 mr. nordstrom , '' said andrew , following me . 
 `` where did you say home was ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` bannock . 
 little island that keeps a low altitude , a distance downstream from here . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i know the place , '' andrew said , scribbling . 
 `` you 've been there ? '' 
 i said with excitement . 
 `` oh , splendid . 
 quaint little drift-town , bannock , is n't it ? 
 lovely all the time . '' 
 when i turned around , vilaris was giving me his dirtiest look yet as he dug a hand into his pocket . 
 `` no , i 've never been , '' said andrew . 
 `` i only know it by name . 
 and what do you do for a living there in bannock , mr. nordstrom ? '' 
 `` i 'm in the business of moving things from one place to another , andrew , my boy . 
 i take them where they need to go , and the people who own them reward me for having done so . 
 tell you more about it next time , ` ey ol’ buddy ? 
 now , will you still be down here about three hours from now ? '' 
 `` my shift ends at eight o’clock , '' said andrew . 
 `` very good , '' i said . 
 `` we might even run into one another again before the day 's out . '' 
 `` we may well , '' said andrew . 
 `` now if you please , may i have this gentleman 's name and information as well ? '' 
 `` lincoln putch , '' i said . 
 `` one of my investors . 
 terrible fellow , really . 
 if i were you , i 'd lock him up for no other reason than the dour looks he 'll give a man from time to time . 
 see , there 's one of them now . 
 good thing these decisions are n't up to me , i dare say . 
 best leave that to the professionals , eh ? 
 for you and your like , andrew , there is no end to my admiration . '' 
 vilaris handed andrew a small fold of chips , which he accepted with a nod of thanks . 
 `` now then , '' i said . 
 `` which elevator is ours ? '' 
 andrew smiled . 
 `` right this way , mr. nordstrom . '' 
 when the doors slid shut and the ground began to pull away from us , a wave of relief washed over me . 
 we made it into the city , i thought . 
 next comes the hard part . 
 the blue lights flitted by as we shot upward , reflected in the elevator 's plate glass windows . 
 spots of yellow-orange flame smoldered in the valley below , torches and campfires underscored by the growing dusk . 
 the airships that had been so large when we stood next to them became no larger than toys ; the people , no larger than bugs . 
 vilaris and i were alone in a box of glass and metal large enough for twenty people . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i was just being honest . 
 you are a wealthy son of a gun . '' 
 `` no , i mean all that nonsense about why we 're here . '' 
 `` did you want him asking detailed questions about what we 're really doing ? '' 
 `` what does it matter ? 
 we 're finding a streamboat and a crew . 
 that 's not illegal . '' 
 `` okay , so three primies from a secret city are here to find a ship and fill it with sailors , steal back the gravstone their former business associate walked away with , sign trade contracts with a dozen new buyers -- trade contracts for the most valuable element in the world , mind you -- and return home without leaving behind a trace of their existence . 
 is that what you wanted me to say ? '' 
 `` i did n't say that . 
 but you did n't have to embellish your story so much . '' 
 `` let me tell you something , clint . 
 those customs officers are n't just there to make sure everyone 's following the rules . 
 they 're there for a piece of any good action they manage to uncover . 
 you think they do n't take bribes ? 
 think they do n't report suspicious activity at the drop of a hat ? 
 it does n't matter if we 're breaking zero laws or a hundred of them ; they can throw you in the hothouse because they do n't like the way you smell . '' 
 vilaris tossed up a hand , defeated . 
 `` alright . 
 what do i know ? 
 it was a little over the top , that 's all i 'm saying . 
 but i guess it worked . '' 
 the elevator halted a few stories from the top of the cliffs , and the operators cranked the doors open . 
 instead of the city , we stepped out into a damp gray cave with harsh white bulbs flickering along the ceiling . 
 four customs officers in dark green uniforms were standing on the other side of the doors as if they 'd been waiting for us , solemn and stern-faced , golden badges glinting in the cold light . 
 `` just this way , please , '' said the first of them , a broad-shouldered man with a shock of blond hair showing beneath his crisp green cover . 
 vilaris and i followed . 
 the other officers did n't move until after we 'd passed them . 
 i noted their sidearms , black snub-nosed revolvers , probably loaded with pulser rounds . 
 the floor of the cave was smooth and flat , the walls rough and curvaceous . 
 they led us down the arched hallway and we turned right into a side corridor . 
 when two more officers appeared outside the doorway of the small windowless room ahead of us , i knew something was wrong . 
 i 'd guessed it as soon as we left the elevator , but now i knew . 
 i kept up the act nonetheless . 
 `` eh , excuse me , officer . 
 we 're meant to be headed into the city . 
 where are you taking us , exactly ? '' 
 heedless of my words , the officer swept an arm toward the doorway . 
 `` just through here , gentlemen . '' 
 i stopped in my tracks . 
 `` excuse me , i said . 
 i demand to be told where you 're taking us . '' 
 i heard hands brush against holsters behind me . 
 `` mulroney jakes , we 're placing you under arrest . 
 you 're to remain here until the authorities arrive . '' 
 andrew partridge , you sly rascal . 
 sold us down the river without a hint of betrayal in your eyes , and i did n't even catch on . 
 heavens forbid i ever come back to town to find you ... `` that wo n't be necessary , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm turning myself in . '' 
 6 i stuck my hands in the air and turned to face vilaris . 
 `` elevator . 
 run . '' 
 vilaris was confused . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i did n't have time to spell it out for him . 
 i shoved him aside and put a dart into each of the three officers ' chests before they 'd unsnapped their holster straps . 
 without turning around , i pulled my flecker pistol from inside my jacket and shot the blond-haired officer in his big meaty head . 
 `` run . 
 dangit vilaris , run ! '' 
 the two officers in the doorway had drawn and started firing before vilaris and i were halfway down the side corridor . 
 i watched the pulser rounds explode around vilaris and make the hair stand up on the back of his neck , but he managed to avoid taking any direct hits . 
 not that pulser rounds would 've had much effect on primie flesh . 
 when the first pulser round hit me , on the other hand , it felt like someone had wrapped me in electrical wire and stuck me in a toaster . 
 my bones lit up like fluorescent bulbs , and my skin crawled with those little robotic spiders that have sewing needles for legs . 
 two more rounds hit me while i was still in the process of collapsing , igniting my body in their electromagnetic agony . 
 vilaris heard me fall and came back . 
 he came back for me . 
 lifted me , dragged me to my feet and carried me , firing flecker rounds over his shoulder while we charged down the hallway . 
 someone hit the alarm as we rounded the corner . 
 a siren wailed , loud and long and keening . 
 the elevator lay ahead , our gate to freedom . 
 i hurt . 
 all over . 
 it 's just like the cops to put you in the worst possible pain you could be in without doing any real damage . 
 i 'd been hit with pulsers before , mind you . 
 the miner 's thugs had used them on me earlier in the same night i escaped from the hovercell . 
 that had n't been my first time getting pulsed , but gouge my eye out with a rusty fork if it had n't hurt more than the time before . 
 it was the worst feeling in the world , getting pulsed . 
 worse than getting crackled . 
 it felt like your body was in the process of being melted down for scrap . 
 knowing you 'd be back to normal in an hour or two did n't make it any better . 
 at least a flecker knew how to sear the flesh off your bones . 
 at least a laser could burn a real hole in you . 
 a pulser was little more than a hallucination of pain -- the most powerful hallucination i 'd ever undergone , including the ones i 'd undergone by choice . 
 `` hold on , mull . 
 not too much farther , '' vilaris was saying . 
 somehow my augmented eye had zoomed itself all the way in , and my unenhanced eye was trembling like a coin on a train track . 
 trying to see anything felt approximately as effective as using a snow globe to look through a kaleidoscope with the lights out . 
 the sound of footsteps echoed around us , and vilaris was dragging me into the elevator and trying to figure out how to get us to the bottom . 
 i leaned into the glass , my head swimming and my legs wobbling like jelly . 
 the doors slipped shut as customs officers raced down the hall after us . 
 then we were descending , and i was putting my back to the window and reaching for vilaris . 
 `` i promise that after tonight , i will try not to ask you to do this ever again , '' i said . 
 `` hug me . '' 
 vilaris gave me his usual look of bewilderment . 
 `` come here and wrap those big sexy arms around me , vilaris , curse you . 
 i do n't have time for your games . '' 
 i leaned hard against the window and planted the bottom of my foot against the glass . 
 vilaris took a step toward me . 
 i yanked him in close , whispered in his ear . 
 `` pretend it did n't happen this way . '' 
 my heel port snicked open . 
 the solenoid jackhammered the window , and an instant later we were floating downward on a bed of crystalline shards . 
 i felt the grappler chomp into the elevator ceiling and let the winch loose , vilaris 's startled screams and desperate , scrabbling arms worrying over my pained body . 
 he held on , heavens help him . 
 held on until i squeezed the winch tight and set us down like a couple of butterflies landing on a flower . 
 butterflies with rocks strapped to their ankles , landing on a flower made of the ground . 
 the winch was screeching inside my arm by the time we slammed down . 
 friction smoke was pouring from the wrist port as i ejected the wire and freed myself from vilaris 's bear hug . 
 i could hear the alarm ringing faintly through the open elevator shaft far above . 
 a group of customs officers came toward us . 
 vilaris pulled me into the crowd . 
 whatever they called those tunnels and dark rooms where they brought people who did n't pass muster , neither of us wanted to wait around and find out . 
 we were shuffling through a crush of bodies , ducking around baggage trains and pallets of building materials and carts full of wilting produce . 
 then we were in the airfield , darting through the maze of ships and campsites . 
 my legs still felt like jelly and my head was pounding . 
 it was only vilaris 's constant guidance that got me back to the secant 's clarity without curling up into the fetal position and crying alone in the dark . 
 `` no way we 're going up in this thing again , '' i said as we entered the control capsule through the gash in the clarity 's hull . 
 `` we have to find another ship . '' 
 `` that 's what we just got back from failing to do , is n't it ? '' 
 i draped myself over the pilot 's chair , my body still throbbing like a sore thumb . 
 `` what we tried to do was buy a streamboat in good condition from a rich person who took good care of it . 
 what we 're down to now is finding any ship that flies , and getting off mallentis before the cops find us . '' 
 `` i 'll start looking . '' 
 vilaris moved toward the exit , but i stopped him . 
 `` where are chaz and blaylocke ? '' 
 `` crew cabin , maybe ? 
 or aft , keeping the furnace going ? '' 
 `` never mind , '' i said . 
 `` you go . 
 i 'll find them , as soon as i can stand up without my knees clacking together like cold teeth . '' 
 i sat alone , watching traces of firelight dance on the window panes , a cool nighttime breeze blowing in through the gash . 
 my legs were splayed out , my arms hanging over the armrests , my back and neck both as stiff as a winter frost . 
 no position i tried sitting in was comfortable . 
 after a little while , i stood and stretched . 
 it felt like my whole body had a headache . 
 a veil of malaise descended over me as i passed through the cabins in search of chaz and blaylocke . 
 i found them both sound asleep in the crew cabin . 
 the remote that controlled my sub-signal crackler had slipped from blaylocke 's dangling hand and was resting on the ground next to his bunk . 
 i snatched it up without a second 's hesitation and shoved it into my pocket . 
 i was free . 
 it took me a moment to come to grips with it . 
 i had the remote ; it was mine now , and i could walk away . 
 i could abandon this fool 's errand -- blaylocke 's words , not mine -- and return to what was important : getting my ostelle back . 
 getting revenge on the parents who 'd sold me to the civs . 
 once i had my boat back , i 'd throw every last one of those stinking traitors overboard . 
 i could already feel the smooth spokes of her wheel in my hands , feel her deck tremble beneath my feet as the turbines thundered . 
 i could see her skimming across the sky , cutting a knife-line path along a misty yellow morning . 
 i wanted to be there , walking through the clouds . 
 i wanted to shut off the engines and let her glide , let the stream carry us away to anywhere . 
 no more thinking about it , i told myself . 
 i 'm going . 
 i moved for the door , but when i got there , i found i could n't go any further . 
 it was n't because there was some force field blocking me . 
 not a physical one , anyway . 
 it was because somewhere , down in the dirty black depths of my soul , a hint of morality was piercing the darkness like an ooey-gooey , compassionate beam of light . 
 if i leave , i 'll be putting an entire city full of people in jeopardy . 
 a city that might be the only true lasting remnant of the species i evolved from . 
 humans -- humans like they were meant to be . 
 in that moment , everything in me wanted to leave those stupid primies behind and never look back . 
 everything , that is , except the one tiny part of me that knew i could n't . 
 curse that part of me . 
 `` time to get up , fellas , '' i said . 
 `` wakey , wakey . 
 we got ta get off this floater before we 're knee-deep in law-lovers . '' 
 blaylocke jolted awake ; chaz shifted in his bunk and opened his eyes . 
 the two men looked at me with bleary , uncomprehending expressions . 
 it was dark in the cabin , so i lit an oil lamp and sat down to wait for them . 
 blaylocke felt around on the floor , in his pockets , under the bed . 
 he grabbed the overhead crossbeam and pulled himself into a seated position . 
 he narrowed his eyes at me , then glanced around on the floor . 
 `` where is it ? 
 i know you took it . '' 
 `` get up , '' i said . 
 `` vilaris and i got into some trouble . 
 pack your things and gather all the food you can carry . 
 we 're abandoning ship . '' 
 i packed my own bag , then climbed to the deck to look out for vilaris . 
 he had n't returned after another fifteen minutes , by which time blaylocke and chaz had joined me above . 
 the crowds below the cliffside elevators were beginning to clear out as night descended , and the winds howling through the canyon put a chill in the air . 
 many of the fires around us had gone out , leaving the twin cities to gleam on their perches far in the distance . 
 seeing my chance , i slipped belowdecks . 
 a rush of warm air assailed me when i entered the furnace room . 
 the potbelly 's slatted iron door squealed as i opened it to reveal the warm embers within . 
 i took out the sub-signal remote and split it open with a chisel , ripped out its guts , and tossed the remains onto the fire . 
 no more crackler . 
 no more listening in while i piss and brush my teeth . 
 they have no choice but to trust me the rest of the way . 
 i threw another shovelful of coals into the furnace and was back on deck in under a minute . 
 vilaris jogged out of the darkness and climbed aboard . 
 `` i found a boat . 
 it 's not as big as we wanted , and the crew 's small too , but it 's something . 
 oh , i should also mention that there are police officers roaming the airfield , looking for us . 
 it took me a long time to get back because i had to dodge them . '' 
 `` how far away is the ship ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 'm just wondering if we should try bringing some of the supplies and food with us . '' 
 vilaris ran a hand through his hair . 
 in the moonlight , i could see a sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead . 
 `` we loaded the clarity with enough food to last us three weeks . 
 chaz has all kinds of tools and tech stuffed away in there , too . 
 i do n't see a reason not to bring a little of it , if we can . 
 the ship is further out , fifty yards or so from the aft edge of mallentis . 
 that way . '' 
 he pointed . 
 blaylocke grabbed my arm . 
 `` get inside . 
 clint , you too . 
 cops are coming . '' 
 we hurried down the stairs and into the ship . 
 when i glanced back , blaylocke was standing on deck with his hands at his sides , fists clenched , taking a deep , calming breath . 
 chaz was hunkered down in the stairwell , staying out of sight . 
 my fate is now in the hands of a guy who hates my guts , i realized . 
 the furnace room was still warm when vilaris and i entered . 
 the new coals were glowing red above a layer of white powder , and there was a burning plastic smell in the air . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 vilaris said , wrinkling his nose . 
 i changed the subject . 
 `` this could n't get much worse , could it ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` i 'm sorry for being a wanted man . 
 this is more trouble than you deserve . '' 
 `` gareth wo n't give us away , '' vilaris said . 
 `` there are times when his being uptight is n't such a bad thing . '' 
 muffled voices came from above , reverberating along the rafters . 
 a smooth , no-nonsense cop 's voice . 
 blaylocke 's cocksure drone . 
 another cop . 
 blaylocke again . 
 `` you 're welcome , officers . 
 i 'll be sure to let you know if i see anything . '' 
 `` this is bad , '' i said . 
 `` it sounds like they 're going away , '' said vilaris . 
 `` they want us to think so . 
 no cop gives up that easily . 
 that customs officer by the elevators recognized me on sight . 
 there must be posters of me floating around all over the place . 
 a reward for my capture , maybe . 
 what would be worse is if some officer up there thinks he hit you with one of those pulser rounds and you did n't fall down . 
 either they 'll think you 've got some sweet new tech that protects your whole body from pulsers , or they 'll figure out you 're a primie . '' 
 vilaris 's face hardened . 
 `` okay , screw the supplies . 
 let 's just lock up what we can and come back for it later . '' 
 `` no arguments here . '' 
 chaz was still crouched in the stairwell when i opened the door , clutching the bag he 'd packed . 
 blaylocke was standing on deck , stiff and unmoving , his back to us . 
 chaz looked as scared as i 'd ever seen him . 
 more scared than the day i met him , right after he 'd found out i was a murderer . 
 `` gareth told the officers he was waiting for his shipmates to get back with food . 
 said he 'd keep an eye out for any suspicious characters that came by . '' 
 `` why are you hiding ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` in case we had to run . '' 
 `` we do , '' i said . 
 `` those cops are n't gon na give up until they find me . '' 
 `` i know , '' chaz said . 
 `` they 're still standing right there . 
 they 're on the bluewave , talking to headquarters about something . '' 
 we listened . 
 the cop was talking in that smug , cavalier way law-lovers so often do . 
 `` ... airship , approximately thirty feet , lone passenger says he has shipmates who have not returned . 
 refuses to allow us to search the vessel . 
 asking permission to board . '' 
 we all heard it . 
 we exchanged looks . 
 `` we have to go now , '' i said . 
 `` the hole in the side of the hull is our only way out from belowdecks . '' 
 vilaris stopped me . 
 `` what about gareth ? '' 
 what about him ? 
 i wanted to say . 
 i thought for a moment . 
 `` how many cops are there , chaz ? '' 
 `` two . '' 
 `` vilaris ... go down and throw a big pile of coals in the furnace . 
 the clarity is taking off ... one last time . 
 meet us in the control capsule . '' 
 i can only imagine how surprised blaylocke must 've been a minute or two later when the deck lurched beneath his feet . 
 i was busy below , opening the ballonet valves and cranking the engines to full vertical . 
 i hopped off my chair and grabbed my pack as i felt the ground pull away . 
 when chaz and vilaris joined me , we hopped out through the gash and hustled off into the shadows , even as the deck began to ring out with the sounds of the cops ' boots . 
 taking cover behind a nearby airship , we waited for blaylocke . 
 i figured he 'd build up the gumption to disembark sooner or later . 
 it turned out to be sooner . 
 when we saw him hit the ground , we waved our hands and whispered insults at him until we got his attention . 
 the last time i ever laid eyes on her , the secant 's clarity was putting on a brave performance , making her cumbersome rise from the floater and giving the cops a bear of a time trying to bring her back down . 
 she drifted backward through the sea of ships at rest , bouncing off hulls and masts until she 'd risen high enough to clear them . 
 i wondered how long it was going to take those law-lovers to figure out we were using the ballonets for hot-air lift instead of cold-air ballast . 
 thinking about it still makes me laugh . 
 vilaris led us to the far outskirts of the airfield . 
 we were so close to the aft of the floater that it felt like the stream was going to suck me off the edge if i did n't keep two feet on the ground . 
 the city lights were distant and diffused , lost in a haze of nighttime clouds . 
 i searched the sky for the clarity , but either she 'd been swept away into the gloom , or the cops had grounded her somewhere in the airfield . 
 it was there , on that remote corner of mallentis , that we first met the galeskimmer and her crew . 
 she was a beauty of a streamboat , slender and flat-bottomed , with a pair of silver turbines and a single sail for riding with the wind . 
 nothing close to the size or power of my ostelle -- she was even shorter than the secant 's clarity -- but for our purposes , she 'd serve just fine . 
 we had only the clothes on our back and the belongings in our bags . 
 it was a good thing , too , as we soon found out . 
 the galeskimmer had only one deck and twice as many crewmembers as the clarity . 
 now that we were coming aboard , she 'd have triple the clarity 's crew , in total . 
 `` these are my friends , '' vilaris said when we arrived , flushed and out of breath . 
 `` captain sable brunswick , at your service . '' 
 the voice was strong , bolder somehow than the mouse of a woman who owned it . 
 she was short and thin , all pep and sparkle as she swung down from the deck and gave us a low bow that felt excessive under the circumstances . 
 her hair was tied back in a simple dirty-blond braid beneath the plumed tricorn she removed when she greeted us . 
 the vest she wore was loose , and the pants that looked as though they had once hugged her slender hips were roomy . 
 `` acting ... captain , '' said the elderly fellow who emerged after her . 
 he was tall and sinewy , his mouth puckered up tight beneath a snowy white beard , his clothes in need of mending . 
 sable gave the old man a look , her blue eyes as sharp as daggers . 
 `` allow me to introduce landon scofield , the galeskimmer 's quartermaster and a constant thorn in my side , '' she told us . 
 `` we hear you 're in need of a lift . '' 
 she was looking at me , so i answered . 
 `` if she 's fast . 
 looks like she 's got it where it counts . '' 
 the captainess smirked . 
 `` who ... me , or the ship ? '' 
 `` do n't flatter yourself , lady , '' i said . 
 `` there 'll be plenty of time for me to tell you how great you are , if you can prove it . '' 
 `` i 've never been one for games , mr ... '' i gave vilaris a sideways look . 
 `` call me nordstrom . '' 
 sable was n't fooled . 
 `` well mr. nordstrom , i do n't like games , so let 's put it all out on the table , shall we ? 
 i think you 'd better take a look at this . '' 
 she shoved a sheet of curled parchment toward me . 
 i took it from her and unrolled it . 
 there i was , wanted . 
 they 'd even included my middle name . 
 i did n't even know i had a middle name . 
 thanks to those law-loving parents of mine , the whole stream knew it now . 
 `` this is a terrible picture , '' i said . 
 `` who 'd the civs hire to draw this , a blind monkey ? '' 
 `` an imperfect likeness , maybe , '' said sable . 
 `` but it 's you , nevertheless . 
 do you see the number at the bottom of the page ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 it was a big number . 
 `` times are hard , mr. nordstrom . 
 my crew and i do n't have the luxury of doing pro bono work . '' 
 `` you can pro bono whoever you want , '' i said . 
 `` that 's none of my business . 
 all i want to know is how much you charge . '' 
 `` we fly for whoever 's paying the most , '' said sable . 
 `` having seen that number there , you now know how much you 're worth to the civil regency corps . 
 would you care to make me an offer ? '' 
 `` that many chips , plus one , '' i said . 
 `` there will be additional expenses if we have to fly you halfway across the stream . 
 then again , tying you up and waiting for the civvies only costs me a length of rope and a few minutes ' time . 
 try again , mr. nordstrom . '' 
 `` give me a moment with my colleagues , here , '' i said . 
 i turned around and we huddled up . 
 `` they 're your chips , guys . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` offer her fee-and-a-half , '' vilaris said . 
 `` the highest i want to go is double . '' 
 i spun on my heel . 
 `` this much , plus ... half this much , '' i announced , pointing to the number on my wanted poster . 
 sable considered this . 
 `` how far do you want to go ? '' 
 `` get us to the northern fringe . 
 word does n't spread so fast out there . '' 
 `` i would n't bet on it , but ... throw in another five thousand and you 've got yourself a deal , '' said sable . 
 `` half upfront , the other half on delivery . '' 
 i waited for vilaris to nod . 
 `` we have an agreement . '' 
 i extended my hand , and sable slid hers into mine . 
 her grip was firm , but the bones were like twigs . 
 `` let me introduce you to the rest of the crew , '' she said . 
 the others had gathered on deck to get a look at us . 
 i counted them out . 
 seven in all , including sable and mr. scofield , the first mate . 
 the other five were just as tattered and thin , but hard and scrappy-looking for all that . 
 there was the paunch-bellied boatswain , dennel mcmurtry , graying beneath his black top-hat , with two gold teeth and tobacco stains over the rest ; half-blind rigger thorley colburn , a patch-eyed hulk of a man with a hook nose and silver rings through his ears , his clear blue eye shining through a curtain of blond hair ; eliza kinally , a redhead with wide hips and sharp green eyes , stout and plain ; and little neale glynton , the dark-haired cabin boy of no more than twelve , bug-eyed and scrawny as a starved cat . 
 the fifth was a skittish little creature called a duender , hardly taller than a child , with a broad hunchback and pointed ears that curved out from the sides of its head like fishing poles . 
 it had a wide , flat nose , and teeth like mallet heads . 
 it was a ` he , ' they said , and they called him nerimund . 
 the crew helped us aboard and showed us to our bunks . 
 the ship had a surprising amount of room to spare below , and i got the impression that their crew had once been much bigger . 
 they were a ragged lot , and it was clear they needed our money as much or more than we needed their boat . 
 i tossed my things into the hammock little neale had pointed out to me and climbed above to watch us lift off . 
 i felt no sense of safety , not even packed away on a little ship and bound for a slower part of the stream . 
 i would n't feel any more at ease until we 'd gone airborne . 
 i joined mr. scofield on the quarterdeck and stood by as sable took the helm . 
 thorley colburn was unfurling the sail while eliza kinally and dennel mcmurtry made ready to lash it down . 
 sable gave the lift controls a tug , and i heard the familiar , repetitive clink-clink of the gravstone counterbalances being released . 
 we heaved upward , not smoothly , and sable blushed as she spun the wheel and turned us leeward . 
 the sail billowed , then snapped tight , and the wind pulled us away from mallentis . 
 mr. scofield shivered . 
 `` permission to go below , captain . '' 
 `` granted , '' sable said . 
 i stayed with her , watching while the dim airfield fires and the bright city lights of eulaya and hibantya faded into the clouds . 
 i knew i might never see either of those cities again , but somehow i did n't mind . 
 we were about to go sailing , and suddenly it was all i could think about . 
 there are lots of things people seem to think are essential to living a full life . 
 they 'll say things like , ` you have n't lived until you 've done this . ' 
 feeling the clouds in your hair on driftmetal runners is one of those things . 
 it 's an experience like nothing else . 
 it 's like walking on a cloud that 's as hard as stone and lighter than the very air you 're breathing . 
 drifting through the darkness on the galeskimmer that evening , i felt as alive as i 'd ever been . 
 `` why did you ask me for my name if you already knew it from the posters ? '' 
 i asked , turning toward sable . 
 `` i wanted to know what kind of person you were . '' 
 `` and what did my answer tell you ? '' 
 `` that you 're a coward and a criminal , just like your wanted poster says . '' 
 `` guilty on both counts , '' i admitted , shrugging . 
 `` you do n't seem to mind being an outlaw . 
 does n't it ever bother you , knowing you 're the scum society has to scrape off its shoe ? '' 
 `` i have n't always been like this . 
 i used to make an honest living . 
 then one day , the regency came along and took my dad 's shop . 
 did n't say why , just shoved a bunch of chips in his face and told him to get lost . 
 we built a boat together , and i aimed to leave home and make my own way in the stream . 
 problem was , my parents decided they had nothing better to do and came with me . '' 
 sable took a deep breath , the corner of her mouth crinkling . 
 `` there are worse problems to have , '' she said . 
 `` not for me . 
 my parents are a couple of law-loving ... they 're traitors . 
 i would 've gotten away clean if it were n't for them . 
 they took my boat and handed me over to the civs . 
 thinking i could trust them not to get in my way is the stupidest thing i 've ever done . '' 
 `` taking you aboard is the stupidest thing i 've ever done . 
 i would n't have even entertained the idea if we did n't need the chips so badly . '' 
 `` you all look like you could use a few chips , '' i said . 
 i looked around . 
 `` so does your rig . '' 
 `` it 's been hard times these last few months . '' 
 `` why 's that ? 
 there 's always plenty of hauling to do where i come from , lots of people who need to travel . '' 
 `` a few months back , we got caught in a big thunderstorm . 
 we lost half our cargo and the storm disabled the galeskimmer . 
 when we showed up late and without the full haul , we ended up losing money on the trip . 
 a lot of money . 
 uncle angus was captain before me . 
 he had to go and ask our patrons for some extra time to pay them back . 
 they 're not the most savory characters , and instead of giving it to him , they just ... took him . 
 put him in their own debtor 's prison of sorts . 
 we 've been trying to earn enough to keep the boat working , put food on the table , and save up every extra chip so we can pay off the debt and get uncle angus back . 
 it 's been hard enough just making ends meet . '' 
 there was pain brewing beneath the surface of sable 's eyes . 
 the big white feather was struggling against the wind to stay in place on her hat . 
 i pursed my lips and rubbed the back of my neck , unsure what to say . 
 `` my uncle has always put the crew first , and business second , '' sable said . 
 `` he took that job because we were all behind him . 
 we knew how dangerous it would be if things went wrong . '' 
 `` your uncle is a better man than i , '' i said . 
 `` you do n't much want to be a better man , do you ? '' 
 `` no , not really , '' i said . 
 sable smirked . 
 `` i might be among the minority , but i 'm of the opinion that people can change . 
 you 've done some bad things , but there 's no reason you ca n't turn yourself around . '' 
 `` yeah ... i wish the civs shared your benevolent spirit . 
 i 've done a few too many bad things to convince them i deserve anything but a conviction . '' 
 `` do n't treat yourself like a lost cause , '' said sable . 
 `` too many people get stuck letting their mistakes define who they are . 
 however bad your situation might be , you 're not powerless . 
 you just have to ask yourself what it 's going to take for you to stop playing the role of the delinquent and start having more respect for yourself . 
 to know you can be better . '' 
 `` i think it 's a little too late for that , '' i said . 
 sable disagreed . 
 `` it 's not up to you , or the civs , or anyone else , to decide how many misdeeds are too many . 
 do you think an abundance of small wrongs ever adds up to one big one ? 
 does telling a thousand lies ever become worse than taking someone 's life ? '' 
 i was n't much for philosophizing , so i just shrugged . 
 `` did you ever consider the kind of position you put your parents in , asking them to choose between you and the law ? 
 that was your first mistake , the way i see it . 
 you 've got to start thinking about how your actions are affecting the people around you . '' 
 `` i do n't got ta do jack , '' i said . 
 `` and i 'm not paying you for morality lessons , either . '' 
 `` you 're not paying me at all -- your friends are . 
 friends who obviously see something in you , to stick around . '' 
 they see a meal ticket in me , same as you , i almost said . 
 but i could n't go any further without telling her about pyras and gilfoyle and the gravstone -- much more than i wanted her to know . 
 so i shrugged again and said , `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 mallentis was long gone over the stern , lost in a sea of swirling clouds . 
 `` well ... i 'd better get some shuteye . 
 ` night , '' i said , clunking down the stairs to the main deck . 
 `` mulroney , '' said sable . 
 i stopped , trying not to grin . 
 as far as she knew , the full name on the wanted poster was what i went by all the time . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` the minute you step off this boat , you can be whatever kind of person you want to be . 
 while you 're aboard , spare me and my crew the ordeal of having to babysit you . '' 
 i turned back to her , annoyed but trying not to let it show . 
 `` call me muller . '' 
 sable 's eyes were cold , but not unkind . 
 she gave a slight , almost imperceptible nod . 
 i trudged below and flung myself into my hammock , exhausted . 
 a chorus of snores and strange smells engulfed me as i lay staring at the ceiling , my bed swaying gently as the ship staggered through the sky . 
 i wondered if every day from now on would be like this one had ; filled with the constant stress of running away from a series of narrow escapes . 
 i 'll run from the civs ` til the day i die , i promised myself . 
 the day they catch me is the day muller jakes loses . 
 i fell asleep trying not to think about my life 's grim prognosis or the impossible tasks that faced me . 
 most of all , i tried not to think about what sable had said . 
 7 i woke with a drumming in my head . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 a finger was tapping the middle of my forehead , slow and rhythmic , like drips from a leaky faucet . 
 i grabbed the hand and pulled it away . 
 neale glynton , the cabin boy , was standing there with a stupid grin on his face , bits of food still stuck in his teeth . 
 `` what the hell , kid ? '' 
 `` you missed breakfast , '' neale said . 
 `` time for chores . '' 
 `` i 'm a passenger , '' i said . 
 `` passengers do n't do chores . '' 
 dennel mcmurtry , the top-hat-wearing boatswain with all blackened teeth except his two gold ones , was standing behind neale at the bottom of the stairs . 
 `` you paid us enough to keep your identity to ourselves , mr. nordstrom , '' he said in his gruff morning voice . 
 `` sleep costs extra . '' 
 i rolled over in my hammock so i was facing the wall , lifted a hand to swat them away . 
 `` you heard him , vilaris . 
 pay the man . '' 
 `` mr. vilaris and your other friends have been awake since dawn , '' said dennel . 
 `` they 've been learning their knots and getting a primer on the galeskimmer 's rigging , sails , and steering . 
 they would 've swabbed the decks too , but i insisted they leave that job to the last one awake . 
 on your feet , sailor . 
 start now , and you may finish before lunchtime . '' 
 i lifted my hand again , this time using it to make a less polite gesture . 
 `` is that so , mr. nordstrom ? 
 if we have a problem , i 'm sure i can make an inquiry as to mr. scofield 's mood this morning . 
 you 'll soon find out how he feels about freeloaders . '' 
 `` i 'm sleeping , '' i said . 
 `` get lost . '' 
 i heard them leave . 
 i was just beginning to drift off to sleep again when a hand collared me and hauled me out of my hammock . 
 i hit the floor with a thud , the planks smacking my elbow and tailbone a good one each . 
 i craned my neck as the big hand and its owner dragged me across the cabin and up the stairs without stopping to give me a chance to stand . 
 half-blind thorley colburn tossed me onto the deck and stepped on my chest when i tried to rise . 
 everyone was there , to my chagrin ; the whole crew , along with chaz , blaylocke , and vilaris . 
 `` this is the one who thinks he 's earned himself a free ride . '' 
 old landon scofield stood in front of the crowd , thoughtful , the razor-thin filaments of an electroscourge dangling from his wrist port . 
 `` i 'll give him what he 's earned , alright . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` okay , this is all very theatrical of you , but i catch your drift now . 
 will you stop ? '' 
 `` lash him to the mast , '' said scofield . 
 thorley lugged me to my feet and shoved me toward the center of the boat . 
 now i was angry . 
 i decided i 'd give them one last chance to give up the prank . 
 `` i said ... i get it . 
 you can lay off . '' 
 thorley pulled my arms around the mast and began to bind my wrists with a length of thick rope . 
 when i tried to back away , a shoulder pinned me to the mast from behind . 
 i knew it was dennel mcmurtry by the sweet tobacco stench of his breath . 
 i triggered my wrist spikes and slashed the rope , bringing my elbow back in the same motion to smash dennel 's jaw and drive the spike into his thigh . 
 he hollered and fell over , holding his leg . 
 i swung myself around the mast like a pole dancer and thrust a foot toward thorley 's face , aiming to blacken his good eye . 
 instead he caught my ankle between two muscled forearms and dragged me to the ground . 
 the rest of the crew was on me before i could get to my feet . 
 a weight drove my face into the deck . 
 someone gathered my legs together and began to bind them . 
 i was under a pile of bodies , kicking and swinging at any flesh i could sink a blow into . 
 where are chaz and vilaris ? 
 i thought . 
 why are they letting this happen ? 
 i figured blaylocke had been aching to get a few shots in on me , and i would n't be surprised if he 'd decided to help the crew . 
 people were trying to restrain my limbs . 
 when i struck out with my climbing spikes , they grabbed my arms and pinned them to the deck . 
 soon i heard voices over the din . 
 `` let him up . 
 let him up , '' vilaris was shouting . 
 `` get off him , '' chaz said , shoving the cabin boy off my back . 
 i rolled over and pushed myself up , backed away so there was no one behind me . 
 `` i 'm not part of your blasted crew , '' i said , wiping away the sting of sweat and wood splinters . 
 `` fly your own ship . 
 swab your own bloody deck . '' 
 it was n't until i 'd gotten a good look around that i realized it was n't me everyone was staring at . 
 it was blaylocke . 
 sometime during the melee , the sleeve of his jacket had been ripped open . 
 i still did n't know whether he 'd been on the crew 's side or mine , but blood was dripping from a wound in his arm . 
 primie blood , the deep scarlet color of a ripe red apple . 
 dennel mcmurtry 's pants were stained a dark blue-violet from the wound i 'd given him -- the color of a techsoul 's blood . 
 the crew was aghast -- sable most of all . 
 she was scalding me with those thin hazel eyes , skeptical . 
 `` is this why the regency is after you ? 
 you 're primitives ? 
 no , that ca n't be ... you have augments . '' 
 she touched a finger to her wrist , recalling my spikes . 
 there was a broad knifeblade jutting out from her wrist , an augment of her own . 
 `` which of you are primitives ? 
 just you ? '' 
 vilaris spoke up . 
 `` if it 's money you want , we can pay you more chips to -- '' `` this goes beyond what chips can cover , '' sable said . 
 `` this is treachery of the highest order . '' 
 `` the highest , '' nerimund chimed in , peeking out from behind sable 's arm . 
 `` primitives are people , living their lives , just like you are , '' i said . 
 `` so what if they bleed a different color ? 
 so what if they 're not synthetic ? 
 does that make us any better ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` alright ... so technically , we 're better , speaking from a purely physical perspective . 
 i 'll concede that point . 
 but we 're still the same species . '' 
 i did n't know why i was standing up for them . 
 it 's not like i cared about primies all that much . 
 maybe i 'd started to like chaz and vilaris somewhere along the line without realizing it . 
 i 'm many things , but a genocidal maniac is n't one of them . 
 `` do you have any idea how much more danger we 've unwittingly put ourselves into by harboring primitives ? '' 
 said sable . 
 `` aiding a wanted felon is one thing . 
 filling the ship with primitives is another gamble entirely . 
 there are people who would slaughter us all if they found out we were primie sympathizers . '' 
 `` yeah , we do know the risks , '' i said . 
 `` that 's why we were trying to keep it a secret . '' 
 sable let out a sigh . 
 `` you know the regency 's stance against primitives . 
 i can not , in good conscience , submit my crew to a situation as unsafe as this . '' 
 `` then stop listening to your conscience , '' i said . 
 `` and listen to your gut . '' 
 sable gave me a mocking smile . 
 `` they 're the same thing . '' 
 `` wrong . 
 your conscience tells you what you 're supposed to do . 
 your gut tells you what you know is right . '' 
 `` i always do the right thing , '' she said . 
 `` and the right thing is keeping my crew and my ship intact , whatever it takes . 
 as much as i want to get uncle angus back , the galeskimmer is our home . 
 i wo n't allow you to stay in our home if it 's against the crew 's wishes . 
 we 'll let them decide . '' 
 sable 's wrist blade shwicked away into her arm . 
 `` all in favor of keeping our passengers onboard , raise your hand . '' 
 no one did . 
 sable waited a long moment , looking over each of her companions to be sure . 
 `` all opposed ? '' 
 every hand shot up , including sable 's . 
 vilaris sighed and ran a hand through his greasy hair . 
 chaz hung his big white bandaged head . 
 blaylocke was clutching his arm , his jaw set tight . 
 i imagined their stomachs were sinking , like mine was . 
 `` you have your answer , muller jakes . 
 we 'll let you off at the next stop . 
 i 'll refund the unused portion of your deposit then , minus expenses . '' 
 `` who has your uncle ? '' 
 i said . 
 sable narrowed her eyes at me . 
 `` maclin automation , '' she said . 
 interesting , i thought . 
 this has some legs . 
 literally . 
 `` the augmentation research and development company ? '' 
 `` you 're familiar with them , i 'm sure . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 half the tech in my body is maclin stuff . 
 well , not anymore . '' 
 i gave chaz an apologetic look . 
 `` but i used to have lots of maclin-made augments . 
 they kidnapped your uncle ? 
 really ? 
 what 's a big conglomerate like that doing maintaining its own off-the-record debtor 's prison ? '' 
 `` i do n't know the extent of uncle angus 's business relationship with maclin . 
 but they told me if i reported them to the regency , it was the last time i 'd ever see him . 
 there 's nothing we can do about it except pay them what they ask . '' 
 `` whatever you dropped from that shipment must 've been pretty important to get them so upset with you . 
 too bad it 's lost to the churn by now , or sitting smashed up on some floater . 
 how much do they want , if you do n't mind me asking ? '' 
 `` they said the part of the shipment we lost was worth three hundred thousand chips . 
 they want three-fifty , including interest and damages that resulted from the loss . '' 
 `` dear sweet merciful leridote . '' 
 i scratched my noggin , trying to stimulate the idea that was growing in my brain-cavity . 
 `` have you paid them anything yet ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 we still have n't repaired all the damage to the galeskimmer . 
 the other half of your fee would 've gotten us over the top and started us well on our way in the savings department . '' 
 i looked at my companions . 
 chaz was still looking a little spacey , still coming back from that nasty knock to the head . 
 blaylocke was leaning against the ship 's railing with his arms folded in front of him , holding a strip of cloth to his wound . 
 vilaris was giving me that squirrely look of his , the one that says , ` do n't do what i think you 're about to do , or i 'll lose it . ' 
 i flashed vilaris a sly grin and cleared my throat . 
 `` i ca n't help but feel like this partnership has started off on the wrong foot . 
 let 's let bygones be bygones and start over , shall we ? 
 we 're going to be working together very closely over the next few weeks , and i want everyone here getting along . 
 we need to be a well-oiled machine if we 're going to do this -- '' sable 's knifeblade flicked out again . 
 she took two quick strides toward me and jerked the blade up to my throat . 
 `` what in the heavens ' name are you going on about ? '' 
 she said . 
 i winked at her . 
 `` we 're partners now , you and i. your crew and mine . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid you are very much mistaken , '' she said . 
 `` am i ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 you see , by the time you manage to scrape together three hundred and fifty thousand chips , your uncle angus will be a skeleton . 
 shoot , i 'll be an old man by then . 
 call me a fool for overlooking it until now , but it 's just become startlingly apparent to me how much we need each other . '' 
 `` we do n't need the likes of you , or your primitives , to blacken our good name . '' 
 `` well then , let me tell you what i need , '' i said . 
 `` i need a ship . 
 this one will do the trick . 
 i need my friends to be protected by a good group of upstanding techsouls . 
 case in point . '' 
 i waved a hand toward her crew . 
 `` and last , i need to find a certain gentleman by the name of alastair gilfoyle . 
 when you help us find him and take back what 's ours , this life of indentured servitude you 're leading will be over . 
 because in exchange for helping us , i 'm going to offer you half my share of the takings . '' 
 vilaris scrunched up his face . 
 `` your share ? 
 since when do you have a share ? '' 
 `` since i agreed to launch this little excursion for you , clint . 
 you told me i would be paid for my troubles . 
 as payment , i want a one-quarter share of the haul , to split with the fine folks who live and work on the galeskimmer . '' 
 `` you ca n't take that much of the city 's income , '' vilaris blurted out . 
 `` i can , and i will . 
 it 's a one-fourth share or it 's nothing at all . '' 
 `` wait a minute ... what city ? '' 
 said mr. scofield . 
 i grasped for words . 
 `` the city we 're all from . 
 bannock , '' i lied . 
 `` bannock is no city . 
 it 's a drift-town , at best . '' 
 `` we call it a city sometimes . 
 give us a break . '' 
 i turned to sable , desperate to change the subject . 
 `` captain brunswick ... do you and your crew really want to spend the next several years of your lives scraping by , trying to earn enough to pay your debts ? 
 or would you rather help us and get your uncle back right away ? 
 do n't delude yourself . 
 this is going to take a lot longer than you 're willing to admit , unless you help us . '' 
 sable lowered her blade . 
 she took off her hat , wiped the sweat from her brow with a thin white shirtsleeve . 
 when she spoke , she was addressing her crew . 
 `` you all heard him . 
 we have a long road ahead of us if we go it alone . 
 getting captain angus back means making sacrifices . 
 knowing what we know now changes things . 
 all in favor of combining crews and working together for a short period of time , raise your hand . '' 
 she counted . 
 `` all opposed ? '' 
 she counted again , then looked at me . 
 `` the matter appears to be settled , mr. nordstrom . '' 
 this time , old landon scofield and young eliza kinally were the only ones who had voted against us . 
 i had n't heard a word out of eliza 's mouth since we 'd been on board . 
 i did n't even know what job she had on the ship . 
 but it was apparent that , for any number of available reasons , she did n't like us . 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 `` this is surely the start of a very lucrative and prosperous arrangement . 
 we need to fire up the turbines and set a course upstream if we 're going to find gilfoyle . '' 
 the crew glared at me . 
 `` not an order , '' i said , `` just a suggestion . 
 now if you 'll excuse me , i 'll be getting back to bed . '' 
 i caught another handful of dirty looks as i made my way belowdecks . 
 they can hate me if they want to , i told myself as i crawled into my hammock . 
 they can keep on hating me after i make them filthy rich , for all i care . 
 just as long as they do n't treat me like some lowborn swabbie . 
 i 've been captain of my own boat , for crying out loud . 
 one day , i 'll retake command of my ostelle . 
 nobody will ever order me around again after that . 
 i drifted off to sleep , my head swelling with pride , eager to dream of all the good things to come . 
 `` i 'm impressed . '' 
 my eyes shot open at the sound of sable 's voice . 
 i found her standing beside my hammock , a hand on her hip . 
 `` not many people can twist a hopeless situation to their advantage like you can . '' 
 i yawned and stretched . 
 `` yeah , well , i 'm not many people . 
 and you 're no fool , either . 
 you caught on to how impressive i am without a single hint . 
 usually i have to spell it out for people . '' 
 sable 's hand was at my throat . 
 no blade this time -- just her cold , skinny fingers . 
 she was doing a fair job of convincing me that she was not a friendly person . 
 `` i thought i told you to behave yourself while you were aboard my ship , '' she said . 
 i tried to gulp , but the lump did n't make it past her grip . 
 `` i was behaving myself just fine . 
 then they dragged me out of bed for a whipping i did n't deserve . 
 that is n't a situation i 'm comfortable behaving for . '' 
 `` why did n't you just follow orders ? '' 
 `` following orders would suggest that i 'm a lesser being than the person who 's giving them , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm no slave , sister . 
 i 'm your cargo , not your hired hand . '' 
 `` oh , you 're our cargo , are you ? 
 maybe we ought to find a nice big empty crate to shove you into . '' 
 `` if it 's the only way i can get a decent night 's sleep without you jerkwads being all over my case about it ... '' she tightened her grip on my throat and leaned in . 
 her braid slipped around her back and fell onto my lap with a whop . 
 i could smell her , the faint animal scent of unwashed woman beneath layers of perfume . 
 `` i do n't care how much you 're worth to us , '' she said . 
 `` this can be an easy trip for you . 
 keep on provoking me , and i 'll see that it 's a hard one . 
 up to you . '' 
 i kissed her . 
 wrapped my hand around the back of her head and pulled her in tight . 
 she shrieked into my open mouth , wrenched away , punched me high on the cheekbone . 
 the blow left me stinging , and a little stunned as well . 
 probably no more stunned than i 'd made her . 
 `` you asshole , '' she shouted . 
 she was seething , nostrils flared , face flushed as purple as a beet . 
 on a good day , that kiss would 've been a love story in the making . 
 today , it was just a guy distracting a girl from choking him to death . 
 i 'll admit it was n't the most elegant way of achieving the desired effect . 
 but when you wake up to find an angry woman threatening to cause you harm , you only have so many options . 
 `` ow , '' i said , rubbing my cheek . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... i do n't know what came over me . 
 i just ... could n't control myself a minute longer . '' 
 i might 've pulled off the sentiment , if i had n't been laughing . 
 `` if you ever lay a finger on me again , i 'll have mr. scofield beat you so good you 'll forget how to bleed . '' 
 there was n't an ounce of joviality in her . 
 i did n't realize she 'd triggered the blade until i heard it slide back in , just before she stormed out of the cabin . 
 i could n't sleep after that . 
 i could n't go above and face her either , so i stayed in my hammock , staring at the ceiling and wondering if there was a way to make this boat go any faster . 
 i wanted to be done with this . 
 done with them , and her . 
 sable had made it clear that she wanted nothing to do with me . 
 the sooner my companions and i could get out of her hair , the better . 
 the galeskimmer turned into the wind that day . 
 instead of moving toward the fringe to escape the regency 's influence , we were heading straight into the heart of the stream , where drifting cities and massive ships crested the clouds at altitudes of tens of thousands of feet . 
 vilaris and blaylocke had their theories about where gilfoyle might 've set up shop , and i had a few of my own . 
 once we got close , all we 'd have to do was ask the locals . 
 gilfoyle would turn up . 
 you do n't relocate a churn mining operation without getting noticed . 
 gilfoyle would be hiring workers to replace the ones he 'd lost by moving . 
 he 'd also be selling his product to people in the stream as their drift-towns passed by . 
 it could take months or years for the lowest floaters to circle esperon , so townies were often eager to buy from grav platforms when they had the chance . 
 the tension on board was palpable for the remainder of our journey . 
 chaz was getting better every day , remembering who he was and becoming more like his old self again . 
 blaylocke was still a jerk , but the crew 's mistrust forced us to put our differences aside and band together . 
 i even bit the bullet and swabbed a few decks . 
 after a day or two , i decided i did n't want to feel bad about kissing sable anymore , so i got over it . 
 she did n't , though . 
 we stopped twice during the trip for fuel and supplies . 
 the first time was on a thickly wooded floater with gargantuan saibon trees called lorehawke ; the second was on jaddow 's bluff , an oddly-shaped drift-town that looked like a jagged ice cream cone with half the scoop missing . 
 on our ninth day out from mallentis , mr. scofield guided the galeskimmer through a fluffy carpet of clouds and brought us into a calm breeze near the knuckles -- half a dozen drift-towns joined together by a series of bridges . 
 from above , they looked almost like the strands of a spiderweb , a loose network of nodes and synapses . 
 the knuckles had been the invention of one richard wainsborough ; his means of solving the problem of owning several floaters that required air travel to go between . 
 through great expenditure and hassle , he 'd had them pushed together and joined by lengths of thick , flexible metal cable . 
 crossing one of the bridges when the winds were high was hardly safer than walking a tightrope , so most people simply did n't . 
 wainsborough was long dead , and his islands had passed into the hands of his descendants , who 'd parceled out various plots and sold them to private owners . 
 the current residents considered living so close to other drift-towns little more than a fortunate convenience . 
 as yet , no one had bothered to go to the trouble or expense of removing the bridges , and so there the islands remained , tied to one another . 
 we landed on an island called falkombe , one of the larger floaters in the chain . 
 it was egg-shaped and hilly , with wide expanses of field , tall grasses and gnarled riverwood trees . 
 when the wind was just right , you 'd get the swampy stench of its nearest neighbor , dunhollow , a larger island with little in the way of habitable area . 
 dunhollow had inward-sloping terrain and soft soil , so it held rainwater like a sponge and was covered in marshes and bayous . 
 wainsborough had fancied himself quite the seafarer , and he 'd had a large set of docks and boathouses built on dunhollow . 
 by now , most of those structures had fallen into disrepair . 
 it was on falkombe that we found our first sign of gilfoyle : four deep , round imprints in a gravel parking lot outside the general store . 
 i recognized the imprints as being the exact same size and configuration as the hovertrucks the miners used . 
 the gouges were severe , and i surmised that the vehicle which had made them was not only heavy and cumbersome ; it had been carrying a full load . 
 i scooped up a handful of gravel and sniffed it . 
 displacer engines ... no doubt about that . 
 `` you were right , blaylocke , '' i said . 
 `` as much as i hate to admit it , you were right . 
 gilfoyle is close . '' 
 blaylocke tried to make his smile look like a grimace . 
 he squinted up at the clouds , a leaden matte that blotted out the sun . 
 the day was cool and windy , the skies threatening rain , and the air dense with the fetid smell of dunhollow 's swamps . 
 captain sable had sent thorley colburn , the broad-shouldered rigger , along with us -- to ` help out , ' as she put it . 
 she 'd really sent him to keep an eye on us , of course , and had kept vilaris on board to talk over a few financial matters related to our agreement . 
 i would 've stayed to attend the meeting , but i got the feeling sable would 've ignored me or excluded me from it entirely if i had . 
 besides , i was too hot on gilfoyle 's trail at the moment to be bothered with the finer points of our contract . 
 i 'd seen these hovertruck imprints from the deck before we landed , and i 'd been dying to get out here for a closer look . 
 chaz was wearing his mad-scientist goggles , complete with a selection of concentric glass lenses for light filtering and magnification . 
 he flicked one aside , lowered another into place . 
 `` these are incredible specimens , '' he was saying , as his gigantic eyeball darted over a palmful of gravel . 
 the bulging oculus was red-veined and wet with rheum , altogether startling and absurd-looking . 
 `` chaz , ol’ buddy ... you get more excited about dirt than most men get about beautiful women , '' i said . 
 `` there are tiny flecks of driftmetal in a few of these stones , '' chaz explained , ignoring me . 
 blaylocke was confused . 
 `` if there 's driftmetal in them , why do they fall to the ground like normal rocks ? 
 why do n't they float ? '' 
 `` surely your understanding of the properties of driftmetal is better than you 're letting on , '' i said . 
 `` not really . 
 why ... should it be ? '' 
 `` things are different in py -- '' chaz caught himself and glanced across the lot at thorley , who was kicking divots into the gravel to amuse himself . 
 `` -- back home , in bannock . '' 
 blaylocke grinned . 
 `` bannock , yeah . '' 
 `` it 's a matter of mass versus altitude , '' said chaz . 
 `` in bannock , we 're not used to this because we 're so low to the ground . 
 small chunks of driftmetal like these have a very low point of equilibrium . 
 it sounds counterintuitive , but that 's why all the tiny floaters are in the nearflow , while the islands with the largest driftmetal veins are so high up in the stream . '' 
 `` that 's also why all the driftmetal smiths live way up there , '' i said . 
 `` you ca n't work a big piece of driftmetal while it 's floating away from you . '' 
 `` and yet , is n't it interesting the way driftmetal is affected by gravstone proximity , '' chaz observed . 
 `` if you think of driftmetal as being like a helium balloon , gravstone is like the ribbon that keeps it from floating away . 
 streamboats would n't exist without the gravstone control arrays that allow them to gain and lose altitude at will . '' 
 blaylocke shrugged . 
 `` whatever you say , chester . 
 i 'm not sure i understand how it all works . 
 as long as you know what you 're talking about , i 'm satisfied . '' 
 `` yeah , speaking of that , '' i said , `` what 's a technotherapist ? '' 
 `` what makes you bring that up ? '' 
 chaz asked . 
 `` you 're a tinker . 
 a gadgeteer . 
 and the sign outside your lab at home says you 're the city 's chief technotherapist . '' 
 `` it means i acclimate citizens to the ideas behind new technology . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` kind of like what you 're unsuccessfully doing for blaylocke right now , '' i said . 
 chaz laughed . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` alright , i 'm going inside , '' i said . 
 `` do you guys mind staying with kicks mcgee over there and keeping him out of trouble ? '' 
 they said they did n't , so i knelt and rubbed dirty smudges into my face and my clothes . 
 i swung the door open and entered the general store , a drab old establishment called windmast & co. . 
 the proprietor was a plump little man with a dark handlebar moustache and round pink cheeks that held up a thin pair of spectacles . 
 he was dressed in a pristine vest suit and a matching black bowler hat that covered his bald spot . 
 his well-groomed appearance belied the stuffy odor of his store , which smelled like it had n't had a good cleaning in years . 
 `` how d’you do ? '' 
 i said , nodding to him . 
 i pretended to peruse some of the dusty old crap i had no interest in , not wanting to appear too eager to interrogate the guy . 
 `` may i help you with anything , sir ? '' 
 `` just looking , '' i said . 
 after a minute or two , i approached the counter . 
 he looked up from the newspaper he was reading and studied me through the top half of his bifocals . 
 something in his stare made me think i was familiar to him , like he 'd seen me before . 
 on a wanted poster , probably . 
 `` ` scuse me , '' i said . 
 `` i come here looking for a job . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , but we are n't hiring . '' 
 `` oh , my apologies . 
 not to work here . 
 y 's ee , i 'm a miner by trade . 
 worked the nearflow all my life . 
 trawlers , diggers , catchers , grinders -- you name it , i can run it . 
 heard there was a new game in town ... someone settin ' up nearby . '' 
 i put a little extra drawl into it , selling the hillbilly laborer persona . 
 the proprietor gave me a look of understanding . 
 `` yes , you are quite correct . 
 there 's an operation , name of gilfoyle and associates , something or other . 
 they 've been around here a week or so . 
 we 're just downstream of them now . 
 if you have a way to get down , head southwest and you should see the platforms not more than a few miles out . '' 
 `` well i sure am grateful to you , '' i said . 
 `` say , i noticed you was sold out of them fancy neckties back there . 
 the brown ones . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? 
 oh , the cravats , you mean ... '' `` them 's the ones . 
 you think i 'd put on a good impression if i was wearin ' one of them for my interview ? 
 it 'd be real nice if i could look sharp when i go in . 
 i do n't s ' pose it 'd be too much of a bother if i asked you to take a look in your stock room , in case there 's any extra you might 've missed . '' 
 the man blinked , giving me a tight-lipped smile . 
 `` i do n't believe those are in stock , sir , but i 'll certainly take a look . 
 just a moment , please . '' 
 he laid his newspaper on the counter , dislodged himself from his stool , and waddled through the doors to the back room . 
 when i heard him start to shuffle boxes around , i left . 
 on my way out , i tore the wanted poster off the bulletin board beside the door , crumpled it into a ball , and tossed it into the barrel trash can on the porch . 
 `` time to go , '' i said . 
 `` we 've got some gravstone to steal . '' 
 8 chaz stood and shoved a pebble into his pocket , one bloated eye pulsating behind a triad of lenses . 
 `` what did the shopkeep say ? '' 
 `` we 're practically right on top of them . 
 gilfoyle 's new mining operation is less than half an hour away . 
 dangit , blaylocke , your nose for finding people appears to be more exceptional than i 'm ready to give you credit for . 
 i 'm calling it now : this was a fluke . '' 
 blaylocke said nothing as we made our way back to the galeskimmer , but he was n't fooling anyone with that proud grin he was barely holding back the whole way there . 
 we skirted the town to avoid any other prying eyes who might 've seen my wanted poster . 
 by now , i 'd be surprised if there was a soul left in the stream who did n't know my middle name , or who had n't at least seen my unflattering likeness plastered across every town square . 
 when we boarded the galeskimmer , i headed straight for the captain 's quarters and knocked on the door . 
 `` come in . '' 
 sable was lounging in her chair with a glass of wine , the overcast sky filling the room with gloomy gray light . 
 she rolled her eyes and crossed her legs when she saw me , bouncing her foot beneath the table . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` we 're close , '' i said , letting the door swing shut behind me . 
 `` i found out where gilfoyle is . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 `` are you really still that mad at me ? '' 
 she tossed her braid , reached back and checked it with her fingers , chewed on her lip . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 i 'd told myself i would n't blunder through this , but dispelling the silence seemed more daunting now than it had been in my imagination . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ... i touched you . 
 without your permission . 
 i 'm sorry i kissed you . '' 
 i felt my face go hot . 
 `` it was inappropriate . '' 
 i ground my teeth , my chest thumping like a scared rabbit . 
 the ten-or-so feet of space between us might as well have been a chasm . 
 i did n't know whether i was apologizing because i cared about her , or because i needed something from her . 
 if i were honest with myself , it was probably a little bit of both . 
 sable set her glass on the mantle beneath the windows . 
 i expected her to get up , to come toward me . 
 to look at me , at least . 
 she did n't . 
 just sat there , staring down at her fingernails as though she were as interested in the dirt beneath them as chaz would 've been to find a loose bit of driftmetal there . 
 she still was n't saying anything . 
 `` and i 'm sorry i did n't tell you my friends were primies , '' i added , hoping it was what she 'd been waiting for me to say . 
 apparently , it was n't . 
 `` did you mean it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` do i mean what ? '' 
 `` when you kissed me . 
 did you do it because you wanted to , or because you thought it would get you out of trouble ? '' 
 behind her , the riverwood trees were swaying in the wind , their twisted , sinewy branches heavy with leaves as thick as shrubbery . 
 a light rain began to patter on the windows . 
 i wished i had n't come -- that i had sent vilaris to deliver the news in my stead so i could be below in my hammock , napping with the crew . 
 it was too hostile for comfort in here . 
 i wanted to lie , to say i 'd done it because of the way i felt about her , but i could n't bring myself to preserve such an empty falsehood . 
 i usually found it much easier to lie to the people who did n't matter . 
 maybe my hesitance to lie to sable meant that she was one of the people who did . 
 `` i just wanted to get you off my case , '' i said . 
 she nodded . 
 her lips tightened , a sharp line creasing her brow , and she turned away to stare out the window . 
 she swiveled in her chair until i could n't see her face anymore . 
 she was quiet for a moment . 
 `` we 'll wait out the storm and then head down there . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 my foot slid half a step toward her , but i did n't let it go any closer . 
 i tried to be silent as i shut the door behind me and crossed the deck . 
 the rain had become a steady downpour , and i was drenched by the time i reached the stairs and descended to the crew 's quarters . 
 they were all inside , my people and the galeskimmer 's , settling in and relishing the opportunity to get some extra leisure time . 
 neale glynton was lying on his back , tossing a ball up to ricochet off the bunk above him . 
 big thorley colburn was carving a wooden figure with his rigging knife while dennel mcmurtry read to himself from a thick leatherbound tome with no title on the outside . 
 nerimund was sitting cross-legged on his bunk , biting his fingernails . 
 eliza kinally was banging pots and dishes around in the kitchen , and mr. scofield was probably off somewhere studying his navigation charts and updating his maps . 
 blaylocke was writing letters to his wife , and chaz was examining the rocks he 'd picked up , scribbling notes about them in his journal . 
 vilaris was sound asleep . 
 i settled into my hammock and set about joining him . 
 it rained all afternoon and into the evening . 
 by the time we ventured into the galley for supper , it was past dark . 
 a fog had settled over the fields of falkombe , shrouding the galeskimmer in its dense blanket . 
 eliza had made us a hearty stew of carrots , onions and potatoes with chunks of meat , just the thing to warm our bones on a night like this . 
 we 'd eaten well since we came aboard ; now that the money was flowing , sable and her crew had bought enough food to keep the ship 's larder well-stocked . 
 after the meal , we paraded across the ship single-file and gathered in the captain 's quarters to discuss our plans . 
 everyone was included -- not just those of us making the decisions . 
 i had a role in mind for each person to play . 
 after all , i 'd learned the hard way not to get into something this big on my own . 
 `` we have a bead on gilfoyle 's location , '' i announced . 
 `` i say we strike while the iron is hot . 
 get this done fast , so we can rescue your captain . '' 
 `` do n't we have to turn the ore into chips first ? '' 
 asked landon scofield . 
 `` ore into chips . 
 chips first , '' said nerimund . 
 `` mr. scofield , that 's a very good question . 
 i 'll get to that . '' 
 he eyed me . 
 `` very well . 
 then the next order of business is how , exactly , we 're to go about this whole ordeal . '' 
 `` if you 'll permit me to share a few of my ideas , '' i said . 
 mr. scofield nodded . 
 so did nerimund . 
 when i glanced in sable 's direction , she was staring at me , as if in a trance . 
 she looked away , snapping out of it . 
 `` you 're a talented crew , '' i told them . 
 `` i 've seen how well you run this ship . 
 so i want you to do what you do best : fly the galeskimmer , and fly her like there is n't a more noble pursuit in all the world . 
 mr. mcmurtry , how many guns can she bring to bear , and what kind ? '' 
 the quartermaster removed his black top-hat and scratched his head . 
 `` the guns 've been packed away for quite some time now . 
 we do n't like to present a threat most times , since we have n't much to support one . 
 i think of the ones we have n't sold , there 's an old cannon or two down there . 
 four-pounders , i believe , plus a barrel of powder and a dozen rounds . '' 
 `` so no fleckers , lasers ... nothing like that , '' i said , ready to be disappointed . 
 dennel shook his head . 
 `` okay . 
 how many of you are trained to use them ? '' 
 `` just me and cap ' sable , '' said dennel . 
 `` thorley here knows how , but ... his depth perception ai n't the best , you know . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` captain sable ? '' 
 her eyes were cold blue spheres , but she spoke with courtesy . 
 `` i 'll help man the guns , if it comes to that . '' 
 `` in the meantime , they 'd better be brought above and set up . 
 i do n't think we 'll need them , but it could n't hurt . 
 eliza , did you pick up everything you needed in town today ? '' 
 `` aye , '' she said , her green eyes smiling . 
 `` good , good . 
 there 's a warehouse on platform 14 where they keep all the unprocessed ore . 
 it 's where i found the gravstone last time . 
 my mistake was not realizing that every hovertruck in the place is bugged . 
 the mine operators want to know which vehicles are being used where , and by stealing the hovertruck itself i unwittingly led them right to me . 
 `` from the warehouse , the ore is taken to platform 22 to be processed . 
 the layout of the processing plant is pretty complicated , but there 's only one section they use to extract gravstone . 
 whatever gravstone gilfoyle possesses has to be in one of those two places -- platform 14 , or platform 22 -- i just do n't know which . 
 that means that if my primary plan does n't work out , we 're going to have to strike both at the same time . '' 
 a murmur arose among the crew , uneasy words . 
 `` you 're wondering how we 're gon na pull that off with eleven people and a ship to fly . 
 easier done than said , i assure you . 
 alastair gilfoyle owes the city of bannock a great deal of money . '' 
 i made sure i said ` bannock ' instead of ` pyras ' this time . 
 `` he broke his contract and failed to pay us for services rendered . 
 so before we bother with any of this gravstone heist nonsense , we 're going to do what grown men are supposed to do when there 's a disagreement . 
 talk to him , face-to-face . '' 
 `` did n't he try to kill you last time ? '' 
 asked mr. scofield . 
 `` gilfoyle gave the order and his thugs carried it out , '' i said , nodding . 
 `` but if we can get to him when he 's not surrounded by his goons , i do n't think he 'll be in a position to carry out violence . '' 
 `` alright , enough , '' said sable . 
 `` this talk of killing is making me anxious . 
 i hope gilfoyle agrees to uphold his half of the contract and pay what he owes . 
 there does n't need to be any more killing going on . '' 
 you 're in the wrong profession if you 're afraid of killing , i almost said . 
 `` i hope he does , too . 
 but in case he does n't , here 's my idea for a backup plan . '' 
 it took two hours for me to explain my idea to the crew and discuss every minor point they were concerned about . 
 we made alterations where necessary , shifting our little skeleton crew around to accommodate the various tasks , and working out a few timing and logistical issues i 'd overlooked . 
 i was convinced we were ready , but we 'd plotted late into the night and everyone was tired , so we decided to get some rest and execute the scheme the following day . 
 i did n't sleep much that night , and i got the feeling no one else did either . 
 the rain had stopped by the time we woke , but the sky was gray that morning , and the fog still lay thick in the fields around the galeskimmer . 
 i tried not to think about whether all of us would live to see the end of that day . 
 i did n't want it to matter . 
 `` how you feelin ' , chaz ? '' 
 i asked him over breakfast . 
 `` ready , '' he said , biting off half a strip of bacon . 
 `` i 'm gon na be counting on you today . 
 hard . '' 
 `` i 've got everything you asked for . 
 it 's all set to go . '' 
 chaz 's straight black hair had grown out since we 'd left pyras . 
 now that his head wound had healed and he no longer wore the bandages , he 'd taken to sweeping the drape out of his eyes and tying it behind his head , the way vilaris often did . 
 chaz would 've looked a right sailor if it were n't for those goggles and the gadgets he was always tinkering around with . 
 i cuffed him on the shoulder and stood to leave . 
 `` you 're a better man and a better primie than i ever expected to meet , '' i told him , and meant it . 
 while i was helping dennel mcmurtry carry one of the four-pounders up the stairs to the deck , blaylocke passed us , going down . 
 i was pleasantly surprised when he grabbed the middle of the cannon and helped us lug it the rest of the way . 
 the thing was deceptively heavy for its size . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , dusting off my hands . 
 `` so ... have you decided yet ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm coming to gilfoyle 's . '' 
 blaylocke had been unsure whether his skills would be better served on board the galeskimmer in the event that we needed to raid the platforms , or if he should do the brave thing and come with us to confront gilfoyle . 
 rather than fighting him over it , i 'd left it up to him . 
 giving blaylocke a hard time had lost some of its luster . 
 i 'd seen the man get more homesick and despondent with each passing day . 
 instead of the retorts and angry challenges he used to give me , he 'd started to ignore me or walk away whenever i tried to start a verbal sparring match with him . 
 it made me feel like a real prick . 
 but i am a real prick , so i figure it kept me grounded . 
 `` ding-ding-ding , '' i sang . 
 `` correct answer . '' 
 `` how sure are you that gilfoyle 's going to fold ? 
 you think he 'll just hand over the chips he owes us ? '' 
 `` absolutely not . 
 i think he 's gon na be the same old cigar-smoking , medallion-wearing , walking-cane-up-his-butt , ore-smelting donkey . 
 he 'll be just as hard to deal with as ever . 
 the only difference is that he wo n't have his muscle around to give orders to . '' 
 `` why are we even trying then ? 
 let 's just go straight to plan b. '' i threw up my hands and let them slap my thighs . 
 `` there 's only so much of this defeatist attitude of yours i can take , blaylocke . 
 we 're trying it this way because ... why not ? 
 and also because , what good are death and destruction if you 're not having fun ? '' 
 blaylocke frowned and started to walk away . 
 `` hey , '' i said , halting him . 
 `` nobody on this boat is dumb enough not to notice you feeling sorry for yourself all the time . 
 except maybe nerimund . 
 i actually do n't know if that guy 's dumb or if he just likes repeating what everyone says . 
 anyway , you 're crushing the mood around here . 
 we 're supposed to be getting riled up for tonight . 
 the people who crew this ship are a bunch of glorified mailmen ; this is the most dangerous thing most of them have probably ever done . 
 but you ? 
 you 're a city watchman . 
 you ride hoverbikes across the churn like it 's an ice skating rink , for crying out loud . 
 take some pride in yourself . 
 you miss your family ? 
 great . 
 when you get home , tell them the stories about how you fought to do right by them , for the good of pyras -- not stories about how you moped around the ship and cried the whole time . 
 we 're doing this for them . 
 well ... you are , at least . 
 i 'm in it for the chips . '' 
 there was the hint of a twinkle in blaylocke 's eye , as if a fond memory had swept over him . 
 he started to walk away again . 
 when he was halfway across the deck , he called back over his shoulder . 
 `` let 's not screw this up , blueblood . '' 
 i could hear the smile on his face when he said it . 
 i stood for a moment and looked out across the fields , laden with their thick blanket of fog . 
 rays of daylight had begun to pierce through . 
 i hoped the sun would burn away the rest and give us clear skies before nightfall . 
 `` mr. jakes , if you 'll accompany me for a moment ... '' i had n't noticed landon scofield approaching , but he was there , standing behind me with a blank look on his face . 
 nerimund stood behind him , peering out around his arm like a child . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` ms. brunswick would like a word with you . '' 
 `` a word , '' said nerimund . 
 if i 'd had to guess the word sable wanted to say to me , it would n't have been one i enjoyed hearing . 
 still , i followed scofield obediently , keeping my distance from the little duender trailing at his heels . 
 inside the captain 's quarters , sable was standing near her table full of maps and charts . 
 dennel mcmurtry was there too . 
 he was sitting in one of the wooden armchairs , legs pressed together beneath the table , picking at the brim of the top-hat in his lap . 
 his eyes had a cold , glazed look , and worry lines crinkled his forehead . 
 sable waited for the door to close . 
 `` so , mr. jakes . 
 tell us about pyras . '' 
 i feigned innocence . 
 `` what 's pyras ? '' 
 `` mr. mcmurtry overheard you talking with mr. blaylocke outside . 
 you said you were doing this ` for the good of pyras . ' 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 `` just an expression , '' i said . 
 `` it 's the name of the company we want to start someday . 
 once we have the money . '' 
 sable tapped the map on the table with her finger . 
 `` show me where it is . '' 
 i lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` where our company is ? '' 
 `` where bannock is . 
 show me where your home town is on this map . '' 
 i crossed the room and stood next to the table , looking down . 
 the winds of the stream were fickle and ever-changing , so the positions and movements of inhabited floaters could only be tracked if they were emitting a bluewave signal . 
 maps had to be redrawn on a constant basis using the distances estimated by the ship 's receivers . 
 the map showed everything on our side of the world , represented by a series of dots , with lines that showed the various distances between them and their average speeds in the stream . 
 there were no altitude markers on most of them , and only a few had names -- the ones mr. scofield knew from memory or had seen when we 'd passed them . 
 i studied the map for a moment , trying to decide which floater to point to . 
 everything in the stream had moved since the last time i 'd looked at a stream chart , floaters shifting and passing one another in their never-ending cycle around esperon . 
 in truth , i 'd only been to bannock that one time . 
 so with my limited , out-of-date aerographical knowledge , there were a dozen different points on the map i thought could be bannock . 
 if we 'd really lived there , as i 'd told them , it would 've been easier to narrow it down . 
 `` that one , '' i said , pointing . 
 sable 's eyes followed my hand to the table . 
 her face hardened . 
 `` you 're not from bannock . 
 none of you are . '' 
 i might have held up the lie a little longer , but there was no sense in it . 
 the jig was up , and i knew it . 
 `` here 's the thing ... i may have lied a little . '' 
 i sucked in a breath , bracing myself . 
 sable grimaced , deflated . 
 she was too fed up with me to be enraged . 
 `` first it was your name , then the primitives ... and now this . 
 where do the lies stop , mulroney ? 
 did gilfoyle really steal something from your city -- wherever that is -- or did he steal it from you ? 
 did he even steal anything in the first place ? 
 or was this some elaborate ploy to get us to help you burglarize an innocent man ? '' 
 `` this is real , '' i said . 
 `` it 's the truth . 
 everything about gilfoyle is exactly like we 've told you it is . 
 he had a contract with pyras . 
 we do n't know whether he broke the contract because crime drove him away , or because he 's plotting pyras 's downfall with one of the city 's leaders . 
 all we know is that gilfoyle took their gravstone without paying for it , and now he owes them a lot of money . '' 
 sable 's blue eyes searched mine , looking for a shred of truth . 
 `` before we go any further with this , i think it 's time you told us about pyras . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that , '' i said . 
 i was thinking about the day i 'd threatened to tell everyone in the stream that pyras existed . 
 why did i care so much about pyras 's secrecy now ? 
 i should 've been looking out for myself , taking every opportunity i had to keep myself out of prison . 
 `` i suggest you do , or the deal is off , '' said sable . 
 `` i suggest you do . 
 deal is off , deal is off , '' said nerimund . 
 `` it 's not my place , '' i said . 
 `` my friends trusted me to keep it a secret , and i wo n't betray them . 
 this may be my fault for opening my big mouth , but i do n't have the right to explain pyras on their behalf . 
 they should be the ones to do that . '' 
 sable was still scrutinizing my every word and facial expression . 
 `` those primitives are that important to you , '' she said , asking . 
 i did n't know the answer to her question . 
 i knew what she wanted to hear , and i knew i did n't want to piss off anyone else until we were finished with gilfoyle . 
 `` they 've kept my secret . 
 why should n't i keep theirs ? '' 
 sable nodded and sent dennel mcmurtry to summon the primies . 
 the three men knew something was wrong as soon as they entered the room , just like i had . 
 sable was quiet , giving me the opportunity to speak first . 
 `` fellas , '' i said , `` i 'm sorry . 
 mr. mcmurtry overheard blaylocke and me talking a few minutes ago . 
 they know we 're not from bannock , and they want to know about pyras . 
 i have n't told them anything because i wanted it to be your choice whether they know or not . 
 the captain says the deal 's off unless somebody comes clean . '' 
 blaylocke looked at me , betrayed . 
 chaz looked to vilaris for direction . 
 vilaris just scratched his dark beard , then tugged at the knot in his tieback to let his hair fall down around his face . 
 `` pyras is our home -- not muller 's , '' said vilaris . 
 `` we 'd only known muller for a few weeks before we came aboard the galeskimmer . 
 he 's not here because he wants to be . 
 we threatened to turn him over to the civvies if he did n't come with us . 
 we think muller 's crimes are responsible for scaring gilfoyle away . '' 
 `` i think it 's a conspiracy between gilfoyle and councilor yingler , '' i chimed in . 
 `` all i want to know is whether we 're justified in confronting this gilfoyle fellow , '' said sable . 
 `` there 's a reason you 've been keeping pyras a secret . 
 until i know what it is , why should i believe the rest of your story ? '' 
 `` pyras is a grav city , '' i said . 
 mr. scofield was dubious . 
 `` i 've mapped every corner of the stream , and i 've never come across such a place . '' 
 `` pyras is n't in the stream . 
 it 's in the nearflow . '' 
 dennel mcmurtry gave a loud , callous laugh . 
 mr. scofield tittered . 
 nerimund echoed scofield . 
 `` that 's not possible , '' sable said . 
 `` nothing survives the nearflow for long , least of all a town or a city . 
 any floater down there would get torn to shreds in a few days . '' 
 `` turns out surviving the nearflow is easy when you have technology from before the world shattered , '' i said , `` not to mention gadgeteer gurus like chester , here . '' 
 vilaris continued , saying , `` we have the ability to shield the city from inorganic matter , and a circuit of locking rods that can be disabled when we want to move . 
 pyras has remained a secret place for many generations , through a minimal amount of interaction with people in the stream . '' 
 sable was beginning to understand . 
 `` you 've been isolated down there since before the shattering ? '' 
 `` just after it , actually . 
 it was only a village back then ; a few families seeking refuge from the techsouls who had vowed to cleanse the world of primitives . 
 they stayed , and now there are thousands of us . '' 
 `` you 're all ... primitives ... '' vilaris nodded . 
 `` how can you possibly keep that a secret ? '' 
 `` it 's gotten out from time to time . 
 but of course , everyone who hears it dismisses it as a legend . 
 of those who do believe it , not many are willing to venture into the nearflow to look for us . 
 and of the ones who do come looking , no one 's ever developed the technology to break through our cloaking systems . 
 we 've never been found . '' 
 sable flopped into her chair . 
 `` i do n't believe it . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` that 's what i said . '' 
 `` all this time , this has been about saving a city full of primitives ? '' 
 `` we can survive without the money from the gravstone . 
 but we ca n't survive forever without trade . 
 there 's only so much gravstone in the substrata of our floater , and we can only sell it until the surplus runs out . 
 we lose a lot of good years if we let a delivery this big go unpaid-for . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't blame you for wanting your privacy , '' said sable . 
 `` the few primitives i know who live in the stream have hard lives . 
 most of them are poor , and they deal with prejudice on a daily basis . 
 please realize that i do n't hate you just because you 're primitives . 
 i 'm not morally opposed to helping your kind ; it 's just dangerous keeping company with you . '' 
 `` so you 're still in ? '' 
 asked vilaris . 
 sable glanced at her boatswain and her quartermaster . 
 they each gave her their approval in turn . 
 `` our arrangement stands . 
 we help you retrieve what belongs to you , and you help us get uncle angus back . '' 
 `` uncle angus-back , '' said nerimund . 
 `` that 's right , neri , '' said sable . 
 `` tonight , then , '' i said . 
 `` it happens tonight . '' 
 we spent the rest of the day finishing the last of our preparations . 
 by mid-afternoon , the sun was hidden behind lifeless gray clouds , and a light drizzle had started . 
 the crew was stricken with an incurable restlessness . 
 they kept coming to me with questions about what they were supposed to do . 
 i was losing hope that this was going to go down without something very bad happening . 
 the fog that had cleared up by noon was returning -- not as thick this time , but still a nuisance , given what my three primitive companions and i were about to do . 
 `` i think it 's time , fellas , '' i said , when the sun had set to a dim yellow speck , blurry behind a field of low-lying clouds . 
 `` chaz , let 's see what you 've got for us . '' 
 chaz stretched , cracked his back and neck , took off his goggles . 
 sweat stains darkened the chest of his shirt and the insides of his shoulders , his tied-back hair damp and oily . 
 `` they 're done , '' he said . 
 `` without further ado , may i present to you ... the apex ingots . '' 
 he whipped a dirty rag away from the molds beside the ship 's furnace . 
 eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than lemons . 
 he handed us each a set , one large and one small , and took the last pair for himself . 
 they were smooth to the touch , their depths shot through with gleaming red-orange veins . 
 they were perfect . 
 just what i 'd asked him for , and just the right size -- i hoped . 
 they were ingots of pure driftmetal . 
 9 i opened the galeskimmer 's gate and stepped to the edge of the deck , my toes hanging out over empty sky . 
 the boat was slowing , mr. scofield guiding her to a halt and checking his coordinates to be sure we were in the right place . 
 the crew was gathered on the deck , sails battened down and guns in place . 
 i clutched the center of my chest with both hands and felt the driftmetal ingots , heavy as any normal rocks in the pouch eliza kinally had sewn . 
 `` head to platform 22 and wait for our signal , '' i said . 
 mr. scofield frowned at the prospect of taking orders from me , but nodded his understanding . 
 i flicked him an apathetic salute . 
 `` still sure you want to do it this way ? '' 
 vilaris asked me . 
 `` we have to . 
 i do n't know whether gilfoyle keeps bodyguards at his personal residence , but they 'd spot the galeskimmer before we got close enough to surprise them . 
 this is the only way . 
 we 're getting your contract fulfilled , or we 're taking the gravstone . 
 there 's no third scenario . '' 
 `` be careful , '' vilaris said . 
 `` it 's not me you should be worried about . 
 it 's you and those weak primitive bones of yours . 
 better hope chaz did the math right when he made these things . '' 
 when i looked at chaz , the pouch strapped to his chest , and the two oddly-shaped lumps bulging out below his clavicle , i had a startling epiphany . 
 i trusted him . 
 that was the reason i cared about pyras . 
 the reason i was going to go through with this even though i could 've walked away . 
 when you trust someone -- not just know them , but trust them -- the idea of tying your fate to theirs becomes less daunting , somehow . 
 maybe i was in it for the money , too , but even selfish jerks like me like to think we do things for the right reasons every once in a while . 
 chaz smiled at me , the kind of smile a person gives you when he 's scared out of his mind and does n't care that you know . 
 i guess he trusted me too , a little . 
 there was worry in sable 's eyes , but hers was masked ; an attempt to be brave and uncaring , even though there was more at stake than she was ready to admit . 
 she did n't want me to know she was worried about me , but that was okay . 
 i did n't want her to know how i really felt either . 
 `` see you down there , '' i said . 
 i stepped overboard . 
 i was falling , a bullet through the fog , toes pointed , arms clutching the pouch to my chest , my stomach grabbing me by the throat . 
 dangit chaz , i hope you got this right . 
 the pouch tried to get away from me , slipping up under my chin . 
 i fumbled for it and held on . 
 there was a moment when my whole body seized up like a dry engine , my mind driven wild with the thought of slamming into some unseen obstacle in the fog . 
 as i plunged , the larger of the two driftmetal ingots began to lighten , pulling back against the weight of my body . 
 i had the distinct sensation of slowing , but i had no idea how fast i was going or how close i was to my destination until i saw the border lights below me , blinking through the fog . 
 i slowed to a halt like an elevator coming to rest in its guides , my toes scraping the roof of the building . 
 when i started to rebound upward again i ripped open the velcro panel , releasing the larger of the two ingots . 
 i hit the roof with as soft a clatter as i could manage , coming to rest on one knee . 
 the ingot shot up into the clouds . 
 a second later it came back down , bobbed up , and settled about twenty feet above me . 
 the breeze caught it , and before i knew it the fog had wrapped it in its delicate arms and swept it away . 
 chaz came next , his legs flailing to reach the roof but getting no closer to it than i had . 
 he did n't release the ingot in time , bobbing up and down with it until he came to rest two stories up . 
 once he 'd settled , he found himself with no choice but to let it go . 
 he fell sideways onto the roof , landing in an unathletic heap . 
 i caught him before he started rolling . 
 vilaris followed , his timing better than either of ours . 
 he released the ingot just as he was reaching his lowest altitude and landed on his feet , graceful as a cat . 
 blaylocke released too early , realized it , and grabbed the ingot with a bare fist before it got away . 
 he tiptoed down before he let the ingot slip from his fingers and float upward into the fog . 
 everything happened in a matter of seconds , each of us arriving right after the last like the first snowflakes in a winter storm . 
 they were the ugliest snowflakes i 'd ever seen . 
 gilfoyle 's home was a glass-and-stone monstrosity of high arches and thin spires , set atop his largest grav platform like a haunted castle . 
 the fog was clearer from the roof down , just a light mist swirling over the platform below . 
 i could n't see another soul from where i was . 
 anyone inside this wing of the house would 've had to be fast asleep not to have heard us . 
 i motioned for the others to follow as i slid down a gable and dropped onto one of the second-floor balconies , expecting to find some thug with heavy augments waiting for me . 
 instead i found myself facing a glass door and a set of tall windows , peering into the bedroom on the other side . 
 a low flame burned within an oil lamp on the dresser , casting flickering shadows over the toys strewn about the floor . 
 a small form lay still beneath the thick yellow comforter of an overlarge bed . 
 i checked the door . 
 locked . 
 vilaris and the others dropped down beside me , looking about warily . 
 chaz knelt , produced a set of lock picks , and began to fiddle with the door . 
 i lifted a foot to the glass and triggered my solenoid , reached through the empty space , and unlocked the door from within . 
 the ground crunched beneath my boots as i strode into the room and plucked the child out of bed by the pajamas . 
 in the hallway , i saw light from downstairs . 
 i clunked down the steps , the child tucked beneath my arm like a sack of flour . 
 i felt her beginning to squirm as she woke up and found herself dangling above the floor . 
 my companions ' footsteps were tentative and careful behind me . 
 they may have been whispering at me to get my attention , but i was n't listening . 
 i heard voices from the kitchen as i came through the living room , its walls lined with mahogany wainscoting and built-in bookshelves . 
 i passed the tufted oxblood sofa and its matching armchair while the cracked painting of some gray-bearded ancestor brooded over a black marble fireplace . 
 the scent of an earlier meal grew sharper when i rounded the corner and set the child down on the tiled kitchen floor . 
 gilfoyle and the woman i assumed to be his wife were leaned against the counter , she in a blue silk nightgown and he in green plaid pajamas , glasses of dark red wine in their hands and an empty bottle behind them . 
 chaz , vilaris , and blaylocke waited in the living room . 
 i could see them from where i was standing , but gilfoyle and the woman did n't know they were there . 
 gilfoyle looked at his wife . 
 `` run . 
 hide . '' 
 he turned his body toward me , putting himself between me and the woman . 
 he put a hand on the counter to steady himself . 
 when the woman saw the child standing in front of me , tears welled in her eyes . 
 she bent down and held out her arms , flicking her fingers inward . 
 the little girl began to move toward her , but i grabbed her and pulled her back . 
 `` you should ignore your husband 's advice , '' i told the woman . 
 `` you do n't want your little girl to get hurt . 
 i do n't either . 
 you 'd better stick around . '' 
 gilfoyle was almost as brave drunk as he had been surrounded by his thugs . 
 he held up an arm to block the woman from coming any closer to me and repeated the two words to her again . 
 she shook her head and stood her ground , eyes darting between me and the child . 
 the little girl was whimpering now , starting to cry . 
 `` everybody stays right where they are and things are gon na be fine , '' i said . 
 gilfoyle squinted at me . 
 `` you . 
 it 's you . 
 you 're that thief . 
 the one who tried to steal my truck . '' 
 `` was n't the truck i was trying to steal , '' i said . 
 `` but never mind that . 
 we 're here to collect the money you owe the city of pyras . '' 
 gilfoyle looked at me like i 'd just said something in another language . 
 `` to the tune of three million chips , '' i continued . 
 `` pyras has yet to see a single chip for that whole truckful of gravstone . 
 you severed your contract with the city and took off without paying for it . '' 
 `` oh yes ... it was the gravstone you wanted , '' gilfoyle said . 
 `` and then my medallion . '' 
 he was wearing it . 
 i saw the medallion 's chain glinting in the light of the oil lamps , gold links against the pale skin alongside his collar . 
 `` sorry to be the bearer of bad news , '' gilfoyle said , `` but that 's not what happened . 
 our contract expired and lafe yingler chose not to renew it . 
 then he raised the price and said he 'd bring me one last shipment if i was interested . 
 i said yes and paid him in full -- exactly the price he asked . '' 
 `` which was ... '' `` four million . 
 i had no choice but to move my operation after that . 
 without a contract giving me exclusive rights to pyras 's gravstone , that area is n't worth mining anymore . '' 
 `` four million chips ? 
 yingler jacked up the price by an entire million and you agreed ? 
 did n't you find that weird or suspicious ? '' 
 `` i did n't like paying extra , but gravstone is gravstone . 
 you get it where you can . 
 and as for being suspicious of yingler , i had no reason to . 
 i 've always dealt with lafe . 
 he 's been pyras 's go-between for as long as we 've done business together . 
 i never thought to second-guess him . '' 
 i did n't like the look of desperation in gilfoyle 's eyes . 
 `` that 's a lie , '' i said . 
 `` you 're covering your tail so you can send us on a wild goose chase and disappear again . '' 
 `` let 's settle this , '' he said . 
 `` let my daughter go and i 'll give you whatever you want . 
 my family has nothing to do with this situation . 
 leave them out of it . '' 
 i knew he was right . 
 i released the girl 's arm and let her run , sobbing , into her mother 's arms . 
 the woman fled the kitchen in the opposite direction i 'd come from , into the formal dining room and down the hallway beyond . 
 `` there . 
 your daughter 's safe . 
 and pyras is out four million chips that lafe yingler never delivered . 
 give us the chips now , and you have my word that if we find four million in yingler 's possession we 'll return the difference . '' 
 gilfoyle sneered . 
 `` you expect me to part with four million chips based on the word of a common thief ? '' 
 `` you said if i let your daughter go -- '' `` i know what i said . 
 takes a thief to know a thief , does n't it ? 
 but there 's one thing you did n't account for , mr. jakes . 
 i will always be a better thief than you are . '' 
 `` well , naturally , '' i said . 
 `` i hold myself to a much lower standard . '' 
 i dove at him . 
 he sprang onto the counter and flipped over the island . 
 i followed in lockstep , launching myself into the air and firing my grapplewire after him . 
 he lifted an arm to let the wire zip past his side , then sliced it in two with a single stroke , using the razor-sharp thinblade on the side of his wrist . 
 my grappler crashed into the dining room wall , the severed length of wire whipping to a standstill behind it like a trapped snake . 
 gilfoyle ducked to the side and cut across the living room . 
 his foot slipped when he stepped up onto the coffee table . 
 he went stumbling over the back of his oxblood sofa and landed on the hardwood floor behind it with a thud . 
 i made a diving leap across the room , tackling him in mid-air as he was getting to his feet . 
 he may have been wearing the medallion , but he was drunk , his reflexes slowed . 
 we toppled to the floor and i pulled myself on top of him . 
 i began to beat him , slamming my fist into his face until there was a rush of blue blood and the gleam of telerium-laced bone shone through on his cheeks and forehead and chin . 
 `` gareth ... use the crackler , '' i heard vilaris say . 
 `` i ca n't , '' blaylocke said . 
 `` i do n't have it anymore . 
 the night we escaped from mallentis , muller swiped the remote and destroyed it . 
 i have n't had control of him since . '' 
 `` are you joking ? 
 he could 've walked away any time he wanted ? 
 or worse ... he could 've murdered us in our sleep . '' 
 there was something different in vilaris 's voice . 
 a commanding indignation i 'd never heard him express before . 
 `` he wants his share of the money first , i 'm sure , '' blaylocke said . 
 vilaris laughed . 
 `` there 's no share in any of this for him . '' 
 i stopped hitting gilfoyle and let his head clunk to the floor . 
 i turned around , not believing what i 'd just heard . 
 my hand was smeared with gilfoyle 's blue-violet blood . 
 telerium was showing through the broken skin on the tips of my knuckles . 
 the three primitives were standing there in the living room , spectators on the far side of the sofa . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 they were speaking as if they barely knew me . 
 like i was some rabid animal they 'd been forced to share a cage with for the past month . 
 these were n't my friends . 
 why had i started to think we were alike ? 
 humans -- primitives . 
 with red blood and brittle bones and muscles that strained and tore like paper . 
 we were n't the same , and they 'd known it for themselves all along . 
 i saw it now : the clandestine brotherhood they shared . 
 a brotherhood that i was n't a part of . 
 the three of them stood together like a flock of gossiping hens , observing me . 
 studying me . 
 judging me . 
 i was a tool to them , after all . 
 only a tool . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 i asked , standing . 
 `` i said there 's no share for you , '' vilaris repeated . 
 `` you belong in a regency prison , and so does the entire crew of the galeskimmer . '' 
 `` you 're not making any sense , '' i said . 
 gilfoyle lifted his head , eyes swollen and bloodshot behind a faceful of blood . 
 his eyes grew wide when he saw vilaris standing there . 
 `` lafe ? '' 
 i looked at vilaris again , then down at gilfoyle . 
 `` hello alastair , '' said vilaris . 
 gilfoyle was bewildered . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` renegotiating our contract . '' 
 `` hold on a minute , '' i said . 
 `` vilaris , what 's going on ? 
 he called you lafe . 
 as in , lafe yingler . '' 
 `` you can call me lafe too , if you 'd like , '' vilaris said . 
 `` it 's my name . 
 and if you let me finish , i 'll tell you exactly what 's going on . '' 
 chaz and blaylocke were backing away , putting distance between us . 
 had they known vilaris and yingler were the same person ? 
 or had they been just as clueless as i was ? 
 `` go right ahead , '' i said , holding out my bloody hand . 
 `` you just better finish with a good reason why i should n't do worse to you than i just did to gilfoyle , here . '' 
 `` a reason like that does n't exist , '' said vilaris ... and lafe yingler . 
 `` you should want to tear me limb from limb , muller . 
 i never needed the crackler to control you . 
 you 've been the perfect pawn from the very beginning -- a wanted man with nowhere to turn ; desperate for the promise of a little coin in exchange for doing what you do best ; and eager for a chance to take revenge on the man who tried to have you killed . 
 i was lucky you fell into my lap the way you did . 
 years ago , when i first came to pyras , i knew i was being given an opportunity . 
 one i would be crazy not to take . 
 pyras saw the immediate effects of my presence there ; i opened every avenue of trade for that city and made them more prosperous than they 'd been in a hundred years . 
 primitives loved the idea of a techsoul who advocated for them so much that they accepted my existence without rancor . 
 but the truth is that lafe yingler is more myth than man . 
 i remained a recluse , revealing myself and exerting my influence through the persona of clinton vilaris . 
 and now , thanks to you , i 've become just as prosperous as the city itself . 
 gilfoyle did pay me for the gravstone . 
 and he 's about to pay me a second time ... by giving it back . '' 
 `` you 're a maniac , '' i said . 
 `` did you sabotage the clarity too ? 
 some kind of test to see whether i 'd save your life ? '' 
 `` unfortunately ... no . 
 if only i were so bold and audacious as all that . 
 i 'm afraid councilors malwyn and degaffe have been plotting my demise for some time now . 
 when we discovered the half-severed rigging lines , they were the first suspects who came to mind . 
 i 'll straighten all that out when i return to pyras . '' 
 `` what makes you think this is going to turn out in your favor ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 'll be as wanted as i am , both in pyras and in the stream , when the civs find out what you 've done . '' 
 `` no one in pyras will be the wiser . 
 and as for the stream ... would you mind telling me what i 've done that 's against the law ? 
 did i break into the house ? 
 did i take a hostage ? 
 did i strike a blow , or make a threat ? 
 you did all those things , muller . 
 you did them very well , as a matter of fact ... so well that i feel i should repay you . 
 as thanks for your dedicated service , i 've taken the liberty of reuniting you with your parents . 
 i 've also given them a gift i think will aid in that family reunion . 
 if you 'll take a look out the window , just there . '' 
 a dark shape was hovering in the fog , no more than a dozen yards from the platform . 
 i 'd know that shape anywhere . 
 it was my ship . 
 my ostelle . 
 a manned pulser cannon swiveled on the ship 's bow in place of the old gun platform . 
 it was swiveling in my direction . 
 i knelt and ripped gilfoyle 's medallion off his chest . 
 one long dive took me through the window and sent me crashing to the platform below in a hail of shattered glass . 
 around my neck , the medallion latched itself to me , tiny prongs snaking deep into my skin . 
 my body came alive with a warm , fresh feeling , like waking from sleep and clearing your sinuses and taking a dump all at once . 
 my mind began to hum like a sewing machine , a thousand tiny impulses turning my regular thought patterns into a smooth , flowing harmony . 
 i 'd known this medallion was worth more than all the gravstone money could buy . 
 gilfoyle was an old man , pudgy and out of shape . 
 he 'd used the medallion to sharpen his mind more than anything . 
 in someone who could use it to its full potential , an external mod like this could be so much more . 
 the first pulser burst crashed into the platform and spread across the deck . 
 i vaulted sideways , rolling over my shoulders and back to my feet . 
 blue arcs raced outward from the burst before sputtering to an end , the tips crackling in my toes . 
 ostelle fired again . 
 i dodged , not as fast this time . 
 the outer burst caught my leg , and i felt the pinprick spiders shooting up to my knee . 
 i cursed , hopping . 
 triggering my solenoid , i leapt over the side without touching the platform as the third pulser burst erupted in blue along the edge . 
 i was falling again , gripping the smaller chunk of driftmetal like some beloved habit i did n't want to break . 
 the numbers appeared before long -- not directly below me , but a little to my left , their blocky white lettering stark against the dark gray metal of the platform . 
 i was slowing down again as the smaller ingot neared its altitude of equilibrium . 
 chaz had counterbalanced it perfectly , using careful calculations of body mass and velocity -- or something like that . 
 that 's why he was the gadgeteer and i was the muscle . 
 the lackwit muscle , as my dear old dad might 've said . 
 i wondered how long it was going to take dear old dad and his crew of morally-confused pirates to find me in the fog . 
 i came to a stop , hanging by my chest pouch like some kid trying to finish a chin-up in gym class . 
 platform 22 was at an inaccessible distance now that gilfoyle had cut off my grappler . 
 jerk . 
 and speaking of jerks , where the heck were scofield and the galeskimmer ? 
 blaylocke was the one holding the bluewave comm we 'd planned to signal them with . 
 i still did n't know whether blaylocke and chaz were in on vilaris 's -- yingler 's -- plans . 
 maybe blaylocke had told the galeskimmer to leave . 
 maybe vilaris had overpowered him and chaz and done it himself . 
 my guess was as good as mine ... platform 22 held gilfoyle 's processing facility , a rectangle of corrugated sheet metal with a shallow roof and two smokestacks at the far end . 
 the stuff we needed was inside . 
 payment or no payment , the primies were n't my concern anymore , and neither was gilfoyle . 
 lafe yingler had seen to that . 
 from where i was sitting -- or hanging , as the case may have been -- they were all traitors . 
 i had the medallion now , and i was n't giving vilaris/yingler the satisfaction of another win . 
 if anyone was going to steal that gravstone , it was me . 
 i ca n't just hang here forever , i told myself . 
 i have to make it to that platform . 
 i began to build momentum , tucking my legs and swinging , using the driftmetal ingot as a fulcrum . 
 if i could n't inch my way over to the platform , i could at least make a jump for it . 
 and if i missed , maybe i 'd be lucky enough to hit another platform on the way down . 
 i had built up a good tempo , my legs going almost horizontal on the upswing , when i heard engines through the fog . 
 the high , thrumming whine of turbines , and the deep rumble of thrust . 
 from beneath the platform , the ship 's prow appeared . 
 the point widened to its full width , emerging like a predator from its den , sliding past the battened sail and the mast , and finally to the quarterdeck , with its wheel and control array . 
 from above i could make out the forms of the crew as if i were looking down on a set of figurines . 
 dennel mcmurtry 's top-hat and protuberant belly ; thorley colburn , all shoulders and blond hair ; eliza kinally 's hips and wild red mane ; scofield 's balding pate and faceful of snow-white ; nerimund 's hunchback and pointed , drooping ears . 
 i could n't see sable 's thick braid or neale glynton 's gaunt boyish frame anywhere . 
 something had gone wrong . 
 when the galeskimmer was under me , i released the ingot . 
 the deck cracked beneath my boots , straining against the force of my landing . 
 muffled words rang through the bluewave comm mr. scofield was holding up to his ear , but the turbines were so loud i could n't make out the voice or its owner . 
 we were in place below the facility , staring up at the wide barn doors where all the deliveries entered . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 dennel mcmurtry asked , reaching out to make sure i was steady on my feet . 
 `` backstabbers , '' i said . 
 `` we have to tell scofield ... everything 's changed . '' 
 i moved for the quarterdeck , but scofield took his hand off the wheel to level a finger at me , and shouted , `` restrain that man . '' 
 `` scofield , listen to me . 
 i 'm not the one you need to worry about . 
 give me a minute to explain . '' 
 `` sable warned you about what would happen if you lied again , '' dennel said , threatening to grab me . 
 `` i 'm not lying . 
 dangit , i 'm not lying . '' 
 dennel lunged at me . 
 the medallion surged , my body harnessing its power . 
 before he 'd gotten halfway to me , i 'd slipped out of his reach and he was grabbing at empty air . 
 taking the quarterdeck stairs in one leap , i drew the knife from scofield 's belt and pulled the old man against me , holding the blade to his throat . 
 `` listen , all of you , '' i yelled . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt anybody . 
 i just need a second to explain what 's going on . 
 clinton vilaris is not who he says he is . 
 he is n't a primitive . 
 he 's a techsoul named lafe yingler who infiltrated the city of pyras years ago and has been planning its downfall ever since . 
 yingler is a dangerous man . 
 whatever you just heard over the bluewave , mr. scofield , it was a lie . 
 there 's a streamboat armed with a big pulser cannon headed this way . 
 now , i know this is a lot to take in , but i 'm not the bad guy . 
 the man you know as vilaris has orchestrated this entire ruse . 
 he 's the one we need to worry about . 
 i 'm going to let you go , mr. scofield . 
 i apologize that i had to hold you hostage , but please ... i 'm on your side . 
 they 're not . '' 
 the second i released my hold on mr. scofield , there was a deafening crash behind me . 
 i whirled to see the barn doors on gilfoyle 's processing facility blow open and crumple like tinfoil . 
 a filthy black hovertruck careened through the opening , yawing sideways and skidding through the air like a bear on a frozen lake . 
 in the driver 's seat , young neale glynton was wide-eyed and struggling . 
 a melee was breaking out in the truck bed as sable attempted to hold her own against a pair of thugs with pulserods . 
 `` you sent the captain and the cabin boy in ? '' 
 i said , shoveling a hand toward the lumbering hovertruck . 
 `` i specifically remember putting you and thorley in charge of the breaking-in part . '' 
 dennel shrugged . 
 `` cap’n 's orders . '' 
 i took aim with my arm , then cursed at the useless grapplewire port . 
 if only chaz were here to give me a quick fix , i thought , before remembering that chaz was a dirty traitor . 
 screw chaz , i corrected myself . 
 i darted forward , leapt down the stairs , and ran along the deck toward the bow , following the hovertruck as it sped along overhead . 
 i was going to make a jump for it , and there would be no second galeskimmer to break my fall this time . 
 the hovertruck dipped as neale struggled with the controls , dropping in so close i could smell the displacer engines and feel their heat on the top of my head . 
 the vehicle zoomed past just as i reached the bow . 
 solenoid . 
 i was flying toward it with a little extra in my jump , and then the hovertruck dipped again and i was too high , soaring over the top and watching the thugs begin to beat sable to the floor of the truck bed with their pulserods . 
 i spun the cylinder in my arm -- not the one with the grapplewire ; the left arm , with the darts . 
 i locked in a good one , the readout in my enhanced eye telling me what i was dealing with . 
 i flicked my wrist back , and the dart shot through the top of the thug 's skull . 
 my body was flipping as i flew past the truck bed and lost sight of them , crashing onto the hovertruck 's hood like a thrown wrestler . 
 little boy neale smiled at me and gave the controls an excited yank . 
 i bounced up and slammed down hard again . 
 good thing i was n't a primie , or i might 've broken something . 
 where the hood met the windshield , i clung by the tips of my fingers and tried to get to one knee . 
 we were swaying as we flew . 
 i could hear sable 's gasps and feel the pulserod zapping her , missed strokes gonging the metal bed and vibrating through the truck . 
 i lifted myself and ran up the hood , letting the truck 's velocity carry me over the windshield and across the roof . 
 i spun around and laid out , driving my shining telerium wrist spikes through the thug 's shoulders and dragging him along with me . 
 we crashed down next to the motionless body of the other thug , the one i 'd hit with the dart . 
 the live thug fought back all the harder as i plunged my spikes into his face and chest . 
 he was alternating clumsy swings between the pulserod and a closed fist when he caught me on the shoulder . 
 just a glancing blow , but with a pulserod , even a glancing blow is enough . 
 the prickling wave jolted through me . 
 i slumped over , mashing my face against the truck bed . 
 the thug climbed to his feet , rivulets of purplish blood streaming from his puncture wounds like runoff from a sewer drain . 
 sable groaned and rolled over , still dazed and waiting to regain control of her body . 
 my vision flashed white as the pulserod crashed into the back of my skull , its electric echo radiating through me . 
 the thug reeled back and swung again , bashing my ribcage with another shocking blow . 
 neale must have decided we were getting too far away from the galeskimmer , because the hovertruck twisted around and everyone slid across the bed like crackers on a fast-moving plate . 
 cumbersome as these hovertrucks were , the ability of centrifugal force to part your feet from the ground is not something to underestimate . 
 the thug toppled over me , his pulserod spinning away across the bed . 
 i slid toward the back edge ; the dead thug slid into me , and sable into him . 
 we were headed back toward the galeskimmer now , picking up speed but not flying high enough to clear the mast when we got there . 
 if little neale glynton was n't driving fast enough to snap the mast in half , he was going to wrap this truck around it like a breakfast omelet . 
 i was less worried about our flight path than about the thug who was picking himself up at the back of the truck bed . 
 he had a plasticky face and robotic hands -- exposed telerium digits , tension hinges , and optical fibers snaking down his arms . 
 sable and i were getting to our feet too . 
 now it was two against one . 
 but that did n't matter much , seeing as our ride was about to come to an abrupt end . 
 what bothered me most , however , was that beyond the far side of platform 22 , the shape of my ostelle was emerging from the fog . 
 10 i shot the frayed end of my grapplewire into my opposite hand , holding it like i was getting ready to floss a giant 's teeth . 
 sable began to circle the tiny truck bed , knifeblade at the ready . 
 the thug eyed the pulserod lapping at his heels , judging whether we 'd let him crouch for it . 
 no , he decided , and backed up a step to activate his knucklespurs . 
 they slammed out from his clenched robotic fists with a metallic stomping sound , miniature telerium pyramids that made his hands look like dog collars . 
 we were speeding toward the galeskimmer . 
 i did n't have time for this nonsense . 
 i feinted with the grapplewire . 
 the thug flinched . 
 i shot him with a dart , the same kind i 'd used to put a hole in his buddy 's skull . 
 he plucked it from his chest and tossed it behind him , a smug look on his punctured , bloody face . 
 then his look turned sour . 
 he staggered , buckled over , and flopped off the rear edge of the truck bed . 
 sable breathed a sigh of relief . 
 we turned and peered over the front lip of the truck bed to see where we were headed . 
 the galeskimmer had docked itself below the crumpled doors of the processing facility . 
 thorley and dennel were inside , tossing chunky burlap sacks into the growing dust cloud they 'd started on the galeskimmer 's deck . 
 my ostelle was coming across the port side , leveling the pulser cannon and making ready to fire . 
 carrying gravstone on a ship that flies on driftmetal runners is a bad idea of the most monumental kind . 
 but hey , what other option did we have ? 
 i vaulted onto the hovertruck 's roof , swung down onto the running board , and cracked the door to pull myself inside . 
 `` where 'd you learn to drive , the bloody circus ? '' 
 i said . 
 neale might have blushed , but he was already so red in the face i could n't tell the difference . 
 he gave me the slightest shrug . 
 he was tiptoeing the pedals from the edge of the seat , his chin lifted so he could see over the steering column . 
 `` it hovers , '' i said , grabbing his hand and easing the controls into their neutral position . 
 `` you do n't have to stay moving all the time . 
 press the right pedal and let the left one come toward you ` til they 're even . 
 good , now drop the displacers flat . '' 
 neale obeyed , bringing the truck to an awkward standstill . 
 i motioned for him to switch places with me . 
 when he crawled past me on the seat , he mopped cold sweat across the back of my shirt . 
 i slid into place at the controls and tipped us forward , shouting through the window for sable to hold onto her hat . 
 a pulser round spidered across the galeskimmer 's hull as we approached , rocking the boat on its runners . 
 on the quarterdeck , mr. scofield looked over his shoulder in shocked surprise to see my ostelle creeping from the fog like a phantom . 
 i eased the hovertruck to a stop beside the galeskimmer . 
 `` change of plans , '' i shouted . 
 `` get off the truck , you two . 
 get your boat out of here as quick as you can . '' 
 sable and neale hopped onto the streamboat . 
 `` what are you about to do ? '' 
 sable asked , eyeing me . 
 i would 've told her , if there were a chance she would 've agreed to it . 
 `` just get out of here . '' 
 i veered away and took off toward my ostelle , determined to distract the law-lovers i called parents for as long as i had to . 
 i swerved into a sideways strafe , the closest thing to an evasive maneuver i could manage in this crippled turd of a hovertruck . 
 the pulser cannon drew a bead on my lame tricks without breaking a sweat , but no shots came my way . 
 instead , the turret shifted its gaze onto the galeskimmer and fired . 
 the pulser hit one of the turbines , rattling the whole boat like a beggar 's cup . 
 in light of my distraction 's apparent ineffectiveness , i gunned it straight ahead . 
 `` i 'm sorry baby , '' i muttered , taking one last look at my beautiful undamaged ostelle as she came zooming up to life size . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i aimed for center mass , unconcerned with where i landed , as long as i struck her a good one . 
 i felt like an abusive lover , treating my pride and joy like the wall at a bumper car rink . 
 the hovertruck smashed into the deck head-on . 
 the air outside my windshield was a mist of splinters and rivets and men i knew , screaming and diving to get out of the way . 
 i was ploughing through layers of decking i 'd laid down myself , sweating away in the afternoon sun with a rivetgun and a dream . 
 i wondered if it was really worth it to send my parents and i and their whole crew to the churn , all for a girl i only kind of knew , and half a dozen other less-endearing souls who were about to steal the fortune that should 've been mine . 
 it was n't , i decided . 
 it was n't worth it at all . 
 the hovertruck 's nose accordioned . 
 then the whole truck began to flip forward and vault away from the deck , like a fat gymnast attempting a somersault . 
 i gripped the steering controls and locked my arms and legs as the truck inverted itself . 
 i was sailing past a blur of debris toward midship , and the whole world was turning upside down . 
 all i could think was , i 'm never gon na get to tell anyone how awesome this is . 
 i was facing a sleeping bat 's version of the direction i 'd come from when the hovertruck smashed into what i knew must 've been the hatch in front of the center mast . 
 the sudden stop sent a wave of pain down my spine . 
 i slid off my seat and onto the windshield , smacking my head against something on the way down . 
 i could see belowdecks through the huge hole the hovertruck had ripped in the floor . 
 but my ostelle was still afloat . 
 still standing proud . 
 there had been no explosion ; i 'd achieved no glorious , heroic ending . 
 that meant i still had work to do . 
 i kicked open the driver 's side door and flopped onto the deck , ears ringing , head and back smarting . 
 i shot my last dart into johnny ralston 's right eye as he came toward me . 
 i did n't know for sure he was intent on violence , but the way i saw it , everyone on board my ship was the enemy . 
 after all , they 'd helped kick me off it . 
 i stumbled toward the pulser cannon , watching as the barrel spit another burst into the galeskimmer 's backside . 
 i felt more crewmembers converging on me , the way you feel every pair of eyes on a dark street . 
 launching myself the last several yards , i slung my grapplewire around the gunner 's neck and yanked him out of the turret chair . 
 it was norris ponting , a skilled powder monkey if ever there was one . 
 norris ponting was about to become a ` was , ' unless i got my way . 
 i whirled on the advancing crew and shouted , `` stop right where you are , all of you , or norris is done for . '' 
 they did stop , but i got the impression that most of them were considering whether norris was worth stopping for . 
 as long as they spent some time deciding , that was fine by me ; all i had to do was keep them off that pulser cannon long enough to let the galeskimmer make a run for it . 
 my grapplewire was tight around norris 's throat , tight enough to make every breath come out wheezing . 
 he was half-drunk , by the smell of him . 
 i 'd have bet money he was still a better shot than any other two crewmembers put together . 
 knowing the whole crew on a first-name basis meant that i knew their tech , too . 
 i knew who was augmented and who was n't , where their augments were , and how they were likely to use them . 
 i backed toward the turret with them inching toward me , ravenous as a pack of wild dogs . 
 ma and dad were nowhere to be seen . 
 i guessed dad was at the helm , past the hovertruck that was sticking fifteen feet into the air at midship , three of its four engines still idling . 
 when my back rubbed against the turret chair , i yanked norris ponting around the side with me and sat down in it . 
 i pulled him across my lap so i could reach the controls . 
 we swiveled around in a one-eighty so the pulser cannon was pointed straight at the hovertruck . 
 i was a little surprised the gun had the capability to turn that far , but i was n't complaining . 
 norris ponting was getting squirmy . 
 i had the pulser cannon as collateral now ; i did n't need him anymore . 
 so i planted a foot in his back and shoved him over the railing . 
 he cried out as he fell . 
 one or two of the crew jerked forward , but thought better of coming any closer . 
 over my shoulder , the galeskimmer was making ready to cast off . 
 another twenty seconds , i judged , and she would be on her way toward clearer skies . 
 that was when yingler emerged from belowdecks , picking his way up the staircase 's wreckage and appearing from behind the hovertruck . 
 `` i would n't be so hasty , '' shouted the man formerly known as vilaris . 
 `` knowing you 're on board is all the incentive i need , '' i said , rubbing the trigger button with my thumb . 
 `` there 's something you should be made aware of , muller . '' 
 `` i 'm already aware that killing you is going to make me very happy , '' i said . 
 i eased the controls . 
 the turret swiveled until i had yingler in the gun sights . 
 `` be that as it may ... do n't look down . 
 or rather ... do . '' 
 i did . 
 half a dozen sloops were rising through the fog below my ostelle , all of them flying the red-and-tan flag of the civil regency corps . 
 the civs had cast electronets between their ships like a collage of spider webs . 
 to catch me in case i try to jump again , i realized . 
 norris ponting was in the closest of the nets , climbing aboard the nearest sloop with help from the civs . 
 this yingler was a real piece of work . 
 not only had he managed to befriend my parents ; the scheming wretch was bold enough to show his face to the civs like they were n't going to lock him up for what he 'd done . 
 sable and her crew were getting ready to take the money and run , leaving me here to fend for myself after i 'd led them to the jackpot of a lifetime . 
 and do n't get me started on how i felt about my parents . 
 i 'd had it with trusting people , i decided . 
 i 'd had it with civility . 
 this was war -- even if i was the only person on my side . 
 even if i was pitting myself against a world full of people who were against me . 
 i pressed the trigger . 
 yingler erupted in blue arcs of electromagnetic energy that shot to his feet and spread out across the deck . 
 people dove for cover , unsheathed their weapons , and began to fire them at me . 
 before yingler had slumped paralyzed to the deck , i was already swiveling to face the civs . 
 i trained my sights on the sloop norris ponting had climbed into , and fired . 
 the sloops were small ; lighter and faster than streamboats like the galeskimmer and my ostelle . 
 one pulser shot from above carried enough burst to cover almost the entire deck and fry every techsoul on board . 
 i swiveled toward the next sloop and followed up with another well-placed shot . 
 every member of the crew went stiff as a tree trunk and fell over . 
 the clinkers on the first sloop were going haywire , and the boat shot upward as the driftmetal runners exerted their unchecked force . 
 the electronets broke away , but not before pulling an adjacent sloop so far up that half the crew went sliding over the port railing . 
 i did n't stop until i 'd disrupted every civvy ship in sight . 
 bullets and laser bolts and flecker rounds were pummeling the back of the armored turret chair . 
 i was creating chaos , and loving every second of it . 
 then someone managed to hit the pulser cannon with a hand pulser . 
 it surged and went dead . 
 at platform 22 , the galeskimmer was setting off . 
 i had half a mind to shoot it , too . 
 it was a good thing the cannon was out of commission , because as soon as the galeskimmer left the dock , it turned around and came toward me . 
 sable was at the helm , with dennel and thorley and mr. scofield and nerimund manning the four-pounders . 
 they loosed a volley in our direction . 
 the air rushed past my head and the cannonballs crashed and bounded across the deck . 
 they reloaded and fired once more before sable straightened her out and came across the bow . 
 my parents ' crew was shooting at the galeskimmer now . 
 eliza kinally and neale glynton were returning fire with a pair of old muskets . 
 sable eased the galeskimmer into place beside us and shouted at me above the din . 
 `` are you just gon na sit there , or do you want a lift ? '' 
 i did n't think twice . 
 i leapt onto the galeskimmer and rolled behind a stack of crates as she idled past . 
 sable released the clinkers and took us straight up into the fog , the whole ship rocking and lurching amid a hail of disruptive gunfire . 
 then i heard something ping into one of the turbines and go clattering around inside it . 
 a thousand failing brakes screeched . 
 there was a rush of heat , a fireball , and the sensation of being tossed around like pasta in a strainer . 
 when the ship stabilized , we were still rocketing upward through the fog . 
 something had hit me on the head , and i could see only blue-violet out of my unenhanced eye . 
 the deck was a wreckage of bodies and burning wood , and when i tried to stand , the force of the ship 's upward momentum kept me on my hands and knees . 
 sweet merciful leridote , how many shipwrecks am i gon na be involved in this month ? 
 i rolled onto my back and stared at the approaching heights , the mast and the furled sail flapping from the yardarm , until it all went from dark and foggy to nothing but black . 
 i dreamed at hyperspeed , so i knew i was still alive . 
 i dreamed about kupfer and sable and ma and dad and yingler and the shop , and all my kid friends back home in atherion . 
 i dreamed that blaylocke was burning alive and gilfoyle 's daughter was dancing around the flames , singing nursery rhymes , drinking red wine and wearing her bright yellow blanket as a cape . 
 i dreamed my augments were coming alive and building mechanical spiders out of the synthetic tissues of my arms and legs . 
 when my limbs were gone , chaz was controlling the whole thing , orchestrating it with a remote control in his laboratory , talking to the spiders . 
 i dreamed the medallion was putting ideas into my head , making me paranoid and forcing me to believe i was a wanted criminal . 
 but it was sable 's uncle angus -- uncle angus , whom i 'd never met , but who my mind made an image of -- plotting at maclin automation to commit my crimes for me and drop pamphlets over every floater in the stream telling people about how i ate children and stole loose change from old ladies and put embarrassing clothing on defenseless statues . 
 i was staring at the same mast and the same furled sail when i woke up . 
 the sky above was bright and blue , and the fires i 'd fallen asleep to had become smoldering pillars of smoke . 
 i stood . 
 we were very high up ; the air that was filtering into my lungs was thin and cold and crisp . 
 i was used to air like this . 
 i 'd grown up on a floater that was even higher in the stream . 
 the medallion was burning on my chest , its frantic algorithms racing across my mind . 
 sable was beside me , her hand on my back . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she was asking . 
 `` i did n't want to move you . 
 i did n't know how bad you 'd been hurt , so i made sure you were breathing and i let you sleep . '' 
 i turned to her . 
 her eyes were red-rimmed and her cheeks were flushed . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` somewhere above the kalican heights . 
 it 's bad . 
 the ship 's completely disabled . 
 one of the turbines is blown to shreds . 
 all the clinkers but one on the starboard side are ruined . 
 neale and eliza were on that side of the ship when it blew . 
 they 're both hurt bad , but i think they 'll be okay . 
 but landon is ... mr. scofield ... '' she could n't get another word out . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 you came back to get me . 
 you should 've left me on my own to face what i had coming . 
 none of this would 've happened . '' 
 `` do n't , '' she managed , holding up a hand . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i took her into my arms , held her . 
 the gesture felt awkward and stilted to me , but sable did n't seem to think so . 
 she buried her face in my jacket and whimpered , the kind of thing a child does after they 've been crying for a long time and there is n't much steam left . 
 we stood like that for a while until she pulled away . 
 `` you 're glad we came back for you though . 
 are n't you ? '' 
 i allowed myself half a smile . 
 `` i 'm a little confused as to why . '' 
 she gave me a weepy grin . 
 `` that makes two of us . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` it 's so you 'd have someone to be mean to . 
 that 's why you wanted me around . '' 
 `` i 'm the captain . 
 being mean is what captains do . '' 
 `` well then , captain . 
 i suggest you start giving some orders . 
 the wind 's picking up . 
 just because we have one bad engine does n't mean we ca n't set sail . 
 we 're filthy rich now , you know . 
 getting this rig fixed up should n't take more than a few days once we find ourselves a nice secluded floater . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said . 
 `` then hop on the bluewave and start mapping me some coordinates . 
 thorley , get up on that yardarm and set the mainsail . 
 mr. mcmurtry , take the controls . 
 i 'll tend to the wounded for now . 
 move it , all of you ! '' 
 we would 've sailed off into the sunset , but that 's not where the stream was taking us . 
 i knew one day i 'd have to face my parents again . 
 i 'd probably have to face kupfer , and yingler too . 
 chaz , who i 'd liked , but now hated for betraying me -- and blaylocke , who i 'd hated but actually started to like ... before realizing i 'd been right to hate him all along . 
 i 'd have to face them all again someday . 
 but for now , the only thing that mattered was that i was a free man . 
 i was a free man in a world that did n't think i deserved to be . 
 and despite all the terrible garbage i 'd been through -- that this crew and i had been through -- we were sailing on driftmetal runners with the clouds in our hair . 
 and that was a damned good feeling . 
 afterword i hope you 've enjoyed segment one of driftmetal . 
 for a limited time , i 'm offering a free copy of driftmetal : segment two . 
 just post a review of this book at your favorite online retailer , then email me the link to your review at jayboy75@gmail.com and let me know your preferred ebook format . 
 thanks for reading ! 
