 all characters in this publication are fictitious , any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 a galactic coalition academy series broken episode one copyright © 2015 odette c bell smashwords edition cover art stock photos : beautiful sunriece at the red planet in space © taden1 , and alien girl with perfect skin and lips © asjack . 
 licensed through depositphotos . 
 for free fiction and details of current and upcoming titles , please visit www.odettecbell.com broken episode one chapter 1 special commander joshua cook opened his cruiser 's hatch while it was still shooting through the atmosphere . 
 the computer immediately blared an alarm . 
 he ignored it . 
 he latched one armored hand onto the side of the hatch , and leaned right out into the air . 
 clouds shot past him , billowing and puffing like smoke on fast forward . 
 the cold did n't chill his bones , nor did the clouds obscure his sight ; he was wearing some of the most sophisticated armor in the milky way . 
 as his ship broke through the cloud bank , he saw the planet below . 
 it was a broken mass of brown and grey rock . 
 nothing but a barren wasteland stretching from horizon to horizon . 
 without a word , or a prayer , josh suddenly jumped . 
 his ship was still miles up , but it did n't matter . 
 he walked right out into the air . 
 he did n't have a chute -- he did n't need one . 
 as his body plunged through the sky , his ship suddenly stopped its descent , leveling out with a jerk . 
 it would descend to pick him up when he called . 
 now it was time to complete his mission . 
 shifting his body around until he dropped with his head angled to the ground , he tucked his arms against his side and squeezed his legs together . 
 he reached terminal velocity , his body shooting down towards the planet . 
 though the air was technically thin and the cold should have punched him unconscious by now , he was safe behind his armor . 
 he could n't even hear the scream of the howling wind . 
 the surface of the planet got closer and closer -- the dust and rocks and crags growing in detail until he could see each shadow and count each stone . 
 three . 
 two . 
 one . 
 with a massive thud , he landed , his body cracking the rock and sending an almighty cloud of dust billowing around him . 
 he did n't pause to orient -- he leapt into action . 
 he had a mission , one only he could complete . 
 he was n't an ordinary coalition officer . 
 he was a special commander , for one . 
 that meant he had certain privileges , certain powers , and a certain kind of history . 
 josh had n't always worked for the academy . 
 a little over five years ago he 'd been a pirate for hire . 
 now he ran top-secret missions for the same coalition he once despised . 
 josh powered forward , his boots sending up a hail of dust and small rock as he sprinted across the landscape . 
 over hills , around crags , along cliff faces -- he was aiming for a cavern . 
 he had to get in there , get his mission done , and get the hell out of barbarian space before they found him and strung him up to die . 
 with a grunt , he leapt over a massive boulder , landing on his shoulder and rolling until he jumped back to his feet and continued the plunge . 
 in the distance , a valley opened up . 
 along a sheer cliff face against the far side he saw a black dot . 
 the cave . 
 his sensors went haywire . 
 they were in there . 
 the rebuilders . 
 your average coalition citizen was naive enough to believe they were a myth . 
 josh was unlucky enough to know they were n't . 
 according to a legend scraped together from various ancient galactic races , 20,000 years ago life was almost extinguished in the milky way . 
 planets were overrun , civilizations toppled , all at the hand of the same enemy . 
 the rebuilders . 
 they were n't human or biological -- they were machines . 
 the first true machine virus , in fact . 
 they could infect any advanced technological device , reprogramming and recreating it in their image . 
 to the modern hi-tech coalition , they were a nightmare . 
 a true monster of myth . 
 an unstoppable enemy that could not be reasoned with , and was after one thing and one thing alone : total annihilation of biological entities . 
 to the milky way of 20,000 years ago , they spelt certain doom . 
 one race , however , stood in their way . 
 498 . 
 that was it -- that was their name . 
 there was insufficient historical data to know what it meant . 
 one fact was known , though : they sacrificed everything to bring the rebuilders under control . 
 now , back in the modern day , the coalition only dealt with sporadic infestations . 
 maybe some cruiser would crash on a previously undisturbed asteroid , or some foolish treasure hunter would come across the wrong cave . 
 the rebuilders had not reached plague proportions since 498 sacrificed its civilization to destroy them . 
 it was now up to crack soldiers and teams like josh and the other specialized units of the academy to ensure the rebuilders never gained a foothold again . 
 they were no normal enemy . 
 you could n't fight them like you fought a barbarian raiding party . 
 the rebuilders were attracted to anything electrical -- anything they could infect . 
 if you landed your cruiser on their planet , they would swarm . 
 if you walked up to them with your coalition pulse rifle , they would swarm . 
 as soon as they sensed technology , they became like a hive of frantic , chaotic bees . 
 they attacked from all directions , relentlessly and unpredictably . 
 if you wanted to fight them , you had to do it quickly and with as little technological impact as you could . 
 if it had been up to josh , he would have stayed in orbit and peppered this dead planet with high-yield plasma blasts . 
 unfortunately it was n't up to him . 
 he was deep in barbarian space and a heck of a long way from coalition help . 
 plus , he had to be sure he got the root of the infection . 
 the only way to do that , was to get up close . 
 he powered into the valley , his boots skidding over the rock and dust . 
 the more sophisticated and larger the technology , the more the rebuilders would swarm . 
 josh 's armor and weapons were small enough that the rebuilders would n't take this planet by storm , but sufficiently enticing to get their attention . 
 just as josh reached the cave , he heard the scrabbling . 
 his mouth became dry . 
 though he 'd done various sorties like this before , familiarity did n't make it easy . 
 nor should it . 
 rebuilders were one of the most dangerous enemies the coalition faced , even if most of her citizens were unaware of it . 
 so he had an understandable but thankfully brief moment of hesitation before he pushed himself forward . 
 hands gripping into fists , special commander joshua cook entered the cave . 
 he was n't met with a hail of rebuilder technology . 
 those mechanical viruses did n't wash forward in a wave of terror . 
 but his sensors did detect they were straight ahead . 
 the cave mouth was rough , just rock hewn by weather and age instead of the hand of intelligence . 
 after he travelled 100 meters or so , it opened into a room of carved pillars . 
 if he had n't been so focused on finding rebuilder tech and keeping himself alive , he would have appreciated the beauty . 
 there was something stark about this place , something that reminded him of the carved palaces of the centaur i plains . 
 for all the bad in josh 's life , at least he 'd travelled . 
 he 'd seen more of the galaxy than most coalition commanders . 
 but part and parcel of the experience was seeing the dark side . 
 from the slums of the phoenix sector to the inside of a barbarian prison , josh had witnessed brutality . 
 and though he hated to remind himself , he 'd doled it out time and time again until the coalition had found him . 
 they 'd resurrected him , washed away his sins , and given him a purpose in life . 
 for the first time josh cook was saving people , not condemning them . 
 so he was n't going to fail now . 
 instinctively , he grabbed the rifle from the holster along his back . 
 there was a barely audible hiss as it disconnected from its magnetic lock . 
 once he held it in his hands he felt stronger . 
 it did n't chase away the fear , though , and nor should it . 
 if you wanted to survive in this galaxy , you soon learnt fear had its place . 
 only the fortunate and safe ever sought to eradicate it . 
 for them it was a niggling anxiety . 
 for josh it was survival . 
 then he saw it . 
 he finally saw it . 
 shifting out of the darkness like interconnected vines , or veins trailing up a human 's wrist , came the machines . 
 on close inspection , they were cables , thick black and textured with a matte finish . 
 cables that could move , snaking along the walls and floor like a pernicious infection climbing flesh . 
 this was the first stage of a rebuilder infection . 
 their true nascent form . 
 once they started infecting tech , they 'd become more robotic , like an army of scuttling metallic spiders . 
 the rebuilder technology would be attracted to his armor , his gun -- anything and everything electronic . 
 they were like mosquitoes beckoned by blood , or leeches by breath . 
 as soon as they got a whiff of electromagnetic activity from any electronic device , they swarmed . 
 he stopped as he saw them amassing in the dark . 
 primal fear pulsed through his mind , the kind of white-knuckled panic that blasts the hindbrain before certain death . 
 then he pushed past it . 
 he brought up his gun and started firing . 
 bullet after bullet slammed into that coiling dark mass . 
 as one cable whipped to his left , he dipped to the side , rolling out of reach . 
 as another cable sliced towards his throat , he grabbed the electro whip from his holster and caught it . 
 then he shot it with his gun . 
 it was frantic , like a horror movie condensed into every passing second . 
 he had to be careful to keep hold of his weapons . 
 if the rebuilders got hold of them , they 'd surge . 
 not only would their numbers grow as they carved up his gun and whip into more of their own , but their intelligence would grow too . 
 though this situation was unquestionably dire , it was n't the worst he 'd faced . 
 the worst had been on fori prime approximately five years ago . 
 he 'd come across them , not as a special commander of the coalition , but as a pirate for hire . 
 he 'd barely gotten out alive , and it had been the turning point of his life . 
 though he had n't known at the time , a coalition team had been trapped by that same rebuilder tech , and he 'd saved their lives . 
 he would n't be here today if he 'd lost . 
 and he would n't live through another day if he lost now . 
 the black , snake-like pipes kept amassing over him . 
 though their intelligence was still rudimentary compared to the full-blown genius of a rebuilder swarm , they kept trying to lure and trap him . 
 as he fought a seething mass to his left , several tried to flank him from the right . 
 the battle was frantic , but somehow he managed to keep his distance . 
 he also made a serious dent in their numbers . 
 he could keep fighting for hours like this -- days if he absolutely had to . 
 josh 's life had been all the training he needed . 
 when he 'd gained his commission as a special commander , admiral gaks had told him no one else could do what josh did . 
 because no one else shared his checkered history . 
 for better or worse , the coalition recruited from the most peaceful planets of the milky way . 
 a lot of their cadets came from earth itself , and earth had n't seen an attack for almost 50 years . 
 while that made for hopeful , kind , sympathetic recruits , you needed someone like josh to fight for hours on end . 
 he rolled to the side , bringing up his whip and collecting one of those slithering black tubes as he fired several bullets from his gun and destroyed it . 
 shifting to the side , he dodged as several rebuilders snaked towards his leg , trying to coil around his ankle to trip him up . 
 ` christ , how many of you are there ? ' 
 josh stuttered as he shot bullet after bullet at the black sea of pipes . 
 no matter how many he attacked , more took their places . 
 if he wanted to contain this infection , he had to destroy each and every last one of those pipes . 
 even a fragment of rebuilder could rebuild itself . 
 his plan of attack was to decimate the population before setting up a land mine . 
 packed with sophisticated explosives , the land mine would obliterate this entire cave system . 
 from rock to water to metal -- it would superheat everything to temperatures beyond the molten core of a heavy cruiser . 
 he could n't deploy the mine until the rebuilders were so few they could n't infect it . 
 the very last thing he wanted was to give them one of the most sophisticated explosives in the coalition arsenal . 
 so he kept fighting and fighting . 
 time passed , but he was n't aware of it . 
 hours could have ticked by , but it would n't matter . 
 he concentrated on one task alone . 
 not even a sun going nova next to him would shift his attention . 
 slowly but surely the rebuilders began to thin . 
 as they did , they became more desperate . 
 as their numbers dwindled , their intelligence became fractured . 
 their moves were more erratic , more chaotic . 
 those black tubes flipped around like snakes with their heads cut off . 
 `` come on , '' he breathed to himself as the last few rebuilders twitched towards him . 
 though he was on the verge of winning , he could n't afford to get cocky . 
 he could n't afford to lay aside his fear and desperation , only to make a mistake . 
 so he kept on his toes right until the end . 
 the last rebuilder shifted before him , its black undulating body making scraping noises against the stone floor . 
 josh took a single second to stare at it . 
 there were few enemies in this galaxy you could indiscriminately destroy without a feeling of regret . 
 though the barbarians were vicious and by all accounts anathema to everything the coalition stood for , they were still alive , still sentient . 
 the rebuilders were a virus . 
 devoid of true sentience , devastation was programed into them . 
 they would never stop for reason , never stop for compassion . 
 they were not constrained by the same set of moral laws the coalition army was . 
 the only law that constrained them was rebuilding . 
 so as josh leveled his gun and shot the final rebuilder , he did so without blinking , without even a scrap of regret . 
 then he jogged into the center of the cavern , un-latched the land mine from the holster on his back , and proceeded to set it up . 
 he worked as quickly as he could , his fingers a blur as he programmed the land mine to explode as soon as he got out of range . 
 he also set it to continually sense its environment and relay those scans directly to his armor . 
 if whatever scraps were left of the rebuilders managed to rebuild themselves before the land-mine exploded , josh would head back into the tunnel to begin the battle anew . 
 once he was done programming the land mine , he snapped to his feet , then he stared for a single second at the mess of black tubes that had once been the rebuilders . 
 he waited to see movement , and when he saw nothing , he pivoted on his foot and sprinted forward . 
 he ran as fast as he could out of the cavern and back into the light . 
 before he 'd set the land mine , he 'd relayed a message to his ship , instructing it to fly to the mouth of the cave . 
 so once he exited into the light , he saw it hovering several meters away . 
 dashing towards it , his feet a blur against the dust and rock , he jumped into the air , latched his hands over the open hatch , and pulled his body up , rolling until he snapped to his feet . 
 then he commanded his small experimental shuttle to shoot into orbit as fast as it could . 
 seconds later the land mine exploded . 
 with it , it destroyed the cavern and every last remaining speck of rebuilder technology . 
 there would be more , though . 
 maybe not on this planet , but out in the milky way . 
 josh 's task was endless . 
 but it needed to be done . 
 he had sins to expunge , and every time he dealt with a rebuilder infection , he came a step closer to expunging them . 
 chapter 2 `` do n't look now , '' bradley marshal sniggered to his friend , mathewson , `` it 's buzz kill . '' 
 mimi ignored him . 
 mimi was very good at ignoring snide comments , especially from idiots like marshal . 
 she smoothed the smile back on her face , checked the holo recording device on her wrist , and marched towards him . 
 `` excuse me , do you have time for an interview ? '' 
 marshal visibly rolled his eyes , his friend cackling at the move . 
 mimi took the opportunity to flick her device to record . 
 as soon as she did , the hovering ball above her left shoulder turned towards marshal and started to scan him . 
 `` hey , i did n't say you could start recording , '' marshal snapped . 
 `` cadet marshal , this is mimi chester for galactic source news . 
 what are your views on the current communications blackout in the carq cluster ? '' 
 mimi forged ahead , always keeping her pretty smile locked on her lips . 
 her father told her success came from a smile . 
 well , a smile and a heck of a lot of hard work . 
 marshal snorted , blowing a breath of air against his floppy fringe . 
 `` really ? 
 i thought you were going to ask me a smart question . 
 everyone knows the communications blackout is caused by background cosmic radiation . 
 it happens every two to three years , and it 's hardly newsworthy . '' 
 `` what are your opinions about the upcoming galactic leaders ' summit ? 
 do you think having all those heads of state on the same planet is a security risk ? '' 
 marshal now snorted even louder . 
 `` really , chester ? 
 do you come up with these questions all on your own ? 
 because they are cutting . '' 
 `` are you worried about the recent increase in barbarian activity along the coalition 's eastern boarder ? 
 do you think it 's an ominous indication of what 's to come ? '' 
 marshal tipped his head back and laughed , his friend joining in . 
 `` you are on the news , '' mimi reminded him in a professional tone . 
 `` no , mimi , i 'm not on the news , because this is never going to be broadcast . 
 it 's illegal to record an interview with an academy officer without their express written permission . '' 
 `` you 're not an officer . '' 
 `` i 'm close enough , '' marshal pointed out threateningly . 
 `` now you either hand over your recording , or we 'll wipe your device , deleting all your other cutting edge journalism , '' he said harshly . 
 pausing for little more than a second , he brought up his watch and typed something into it . 
 the recording ball above mimi 's left shoulder started to spin erratically . 
 `` hey , '' she said quickly , `` you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` already did , '' marshal laughed , `` now get the hell off academy grounds before i call security . '' 
 `` these grounds are public . '' 
 she latched her hands on her hips . 
 `` i have rights you know . '' 
 `` nope , pretty sure you do n't . 
 you 're nothing more than a lowly buzz kill . 
 and you do n't work for galactic source news . 
 admit it , they 've never accepted one of your stories , have they ? '' 
 marshal 's friend laughed harder now . 
 if mimi were the kind of girl to care what they thought , she 'd be turning red in the face . 
 instead , she smiled harder , albeit with an irritated edge . 
 `` you can delete my recordings , marshal , but you ca n't silence me . '' 
 marshal erupted into laughter . 
 `` listen to her , '' he said , `` she honestly thinks she 's a journalist , upholding the truth or something . 
 get it through your head , chester , you 're a failure . 
 you were kicked out of the academy , despite your daddy 's influence , and now you 're playing at being a journo . '' 
 mimi could ignore most things . 
 she did n't just have thick skin ; the damn stuff was made of diamond . 
 there was one thing , however , she could never forgive . 
 `` he did n't help , '' she said through bared teeth . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 marshal crossed his arms . 
 `` my father never intervened on my behalf . 
 i 'd never let him do that . '' 
 marshal now laughed lower , and it had a dangerous kind of note to it . 
 `` you expect me to believe that ? 
 your father is head of one of the largest corporations in the milky way . 
 the only reason you were n't court martialed for what you did is because of him . 
 you should be rotting in prison , not waltzing around pretending to work for galactic source news . '' 
 mimi took a hold of herself . 
 before her anger could boil over , she drew a calm , collected breath . 
 she was n't going to be derailed by a man like marshal . 
 instead , she did the one thing she could do , and smiled . 
 it was her secret weapon . 
 it always unsettled someone if you smiled through their vitriol . 
 `` you done ? 
 the only reason i 'm not rotting in prison , marshal , is because this is the coalition , and we 're a little more civilized than that . 
 oh , and a full hearing of the academy board found me not guilty . 
 it was an accident , end of story . 
 you may believe my father intervened , but he did n't . 
 now , what exactly is your opinion on the recent inclusion of a time travel clause to the standard operating manual of the academy ? '' 
 marshal exploded with laughter , but one look at his eyes and it was clear he was starting to get uncomfortable . 
 she had that effect on most people . 
 you could hurl a litany of insults mimi 's way , but she would always pick herself up , dust herself off , and smile . 
 `` do you find something funny , cadet ? '' 
 `` just get out of here , mimi . '' 
 marshal turned to walk away . 
 `` and seriously , where do you get these questions ? 
 time travel clause ? 
 what the heck are you talking about ? '' 
 `` reputable sources indicate a recent incident on remus 12 has caused the academy board to write a new clause into the standard operating manual given to all active coalition army members . 
 what are your thoughts ? '' 
 `` my thoughts are you 're crazy . '' 
 with that , marshal snorted one last time and flicked his friend forwards with a wave . 
 the two men walked away , exchanging rude jokes at mimi 's expense as they did . 
 not once did her smile shift . 
 in fact , she put more effort into it until her cheeks grew so stiff it was a surprise they did n't crack . 
 eventually , however , she gave up , turned on her heel , and checked on her recording ball . 
 it was still jerking around erratically . 
 `` you okay , klutzo ? '' 
 klutzo was her pet name for the recording orb , as the darn thing had been wiped so many times , the constant deletions had effected its navigations . 
 it often flew into the side of buildings , trees , people , or her head . 
 klutzo gave a soft beep . 
 `` feeling sad , '' it admitted . 
 `` memory deleted once more . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` same here . 
 but that 's why you 've got to keep smiling , klutzo . '' 
 `` ca n't smile -- no mouth . '' 
 `` okay , let me do the smiling , then , '' mimi promised as she pushed up on her tiptoes , plucked klutzo from the air , and hugged him to her chest . 
 she nursed him until she made it back to her apartment . 
 once she was inside , she placed him carefully in his cradle and set the computer to rebuild his databases . 
 when she was done , she collapsed on the couch . 
 pressing her eyes closed , she tried not to let marshal 's words rattle her . 
 mimi had n't always been a freelance journalist , or buzz kill , as mean spirited folk like marshal called it . 
 a few short years ago she 'd been an academy cadet . 
 she loved space . 
 she loved exploring . 
 and those things were on tap when you worked for the academy . 
 but her dream had died . 
 she pressed her eyes tightly closed now . 
 approximately 2 years and 214 days ago , there 'd been an accident . 
 a simulation had gone awry , killing a young cadet -- lilly williams . 
 a name etched into mimi 's mind as if it had been burnt onto her brainstem . 
 they 'd been prepping for a simulated battle mission . 
 it had been mimi 's job to check the equipment was running properly . 
 she 'd done her best , but she 'd missed a fault . 
 a fault that had cost lilly her life . 
 everyone blamed mimi . 
 if she 'd been better , if she 'd been more careful , she would have picked up that fault , and the promising cadet williams would now be an officer . 
 though initially mimi had blamed herself , she 'd been exonerated by the academy board . 
 the fault had been no ordinary mechanical problem . 
 only an experienced engineer would have been able to find it . 
 mimi never had a chance . 
 she still thought about that day . 
 she still remembered , in perfect detail , watching the training craft explode in a hail of sparks and hot white metal . 
 she still remembered being told by the investigating officers that she 'd missed an error in the engine cooling program that had gone on to cause the explosion . 
 and she still remembered , dear god did she still remember the reactions of all her friends and colleagues . 
 they 'd turned on her . 
 even carinthia , who had been mimi 's best friend at the time . 
 carinthia , daughter of admirals forest and nok , practically led the witch hunt against mimi . 
 she told anyone who would listen that mimi had always been a careless recruit . 
 but that was all ancient history , right ? 
 mimi was now a journalist , or at least an aspiring one . 
 so even though it was hard to push back the memories of that day , she forcibly pressed a smile into her lips . 
 in her experience there was little smiling could n't fix . 
 she pushed herself up from the couch and once again checked on klutzo . 
 when she was satisfied he was recharging correctly , she made herself some food and sat down to the important task of keeping astride of the news . 
 she read articles from every single news outlet , no matter how far afield . 
 she took notes , she interacted with holographic visuals , and she tried to squirrel away every fact she learnt . 
 because who knew when the current taxation climate in the hagar province would come in handy ? 
 it was when she was trawling through the massive galactic news database that she received a message from her father . 
 as she accepted the call , her computer projected a hologram onto the table before her . 
 it was her father 's always smiling face . 
 `` what 's news , kid ? '' 
 `` hagar province is now taxing its citizens at 300 % of their annual income , '' mimi pointed out . 
 `` that 's what happens when you pull your tax laws out of a hat , '' her father pointed out . 
 citizens of the hagar province practiced random living . 
 all key decisions in their existence were decided by random number generators . 
 to the hagars , that made life all the more exciting . 
 `` what about you , dad ? 
 how are you ? '' 
 her father smiled . 
 it was important to note that theodore francis chester the third had many kinds of smiles . 
 when her dad 's lips pulled in , it was a veiled threat . 
 when one lip kinked to the left , he was curious . 
 when one lip kinked to the right , he was ignoring you . 
 right now , he had the kind of smile that told mimi he was planning something . 
 her lips pressed in and her nose crinkled . 
 `` dad , what is it ? 
 what are you planning ? '' 
 `` what , me ? 
 nothing . 
 i 'm just running one of the milky way 's largest corporations , as usual . '' 
 `` nice try . 
 now tell me , what are you up to ? '' 
 `` well , funny you should mention it , but this morning i had an invigorating game of pulse squash with yop j’ k , head of galactic news . '' 
 though mimi had been slouching , suddenly she stiffened . 
 `` dad , no , '' she said quickly . 
 `` you have n't even heard what i 'm about to offer . '' 
 `` i told you , you ca n't interfere . 
 if i do this , i have to do it on my own . '' 
 `` nobody ever got anywhere without a helping hand . 
 show me an admiral who has n't had a mentor . 
 show me a successful business person who has n't struck it lucky . 
 show me a famous scientist who was n't fortunate enough to grow up with the combined knowledge of the coalition . 
 as the old humans used to say , mimi , no man is an island , and no achievement is truly down to the individual . '' 
 `` that 's not the saying , '' she tried . 
 her father ignored her . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 a true businessman knows when to co-opt old and outdated material and modernize it . 
 now , just listen to me . 
 i have a very interesting offer . '' 
 she stood suddenly , her chair clattering out from underneath her and striking the smooth floorboards with a thump . 
 `` dad , i have to do this on my own . 
 i ca n't keep leaning on you when i need something . 
 i have to be self-sufficient . '' 
 `` you are self-sufficient . 
 i only pay for half of your apartment . '' 
 `` about that , i 've been thinking of trying to pay my own way . 
 i know it will be hard , but if i am lucky enough to get work , '' she began . 
 `` listen to me , kid , the only way you are ever going to break into galactic news , is if you have friends . 
 that journalist you 're always idolizing , poy verity , do you know how she made it big ? 
 she was the daughter of the editor-in-chief . '' 
 `` she made it big because of cutting-edge journalism and her willingness to track down stories , no matter how dangerous . '' 
 her father snorted . 
 `` i love you , kid , and i always will , but one of these days you 're going to have to wake up to the real galaxy . '' 
 mimi 's cheeks started to turn red . 
 she took several steps away from her father , ready to storm off . 
 `` now hold on , that came out wrong . 
 mimi , you 're the smartest most capable kid i have , and i believe you 're capable of anything . '' 
 `` i 'm your only child , '' she pointed out dryly . 
 `` a scarce resource is the best resource to have , '' he quipped . 
 then the hologram of his face shifted to the side as his smile almost threatened to drop from his mouth . 
 `` but seriously , listen to me . 
 i taught you to always bounce back , and by god you learnt that lesson . 
 but there 's another lesson you need to learn , mimi , and that is you ca n't do everything on your own . 
 and that 's okay . 
 accepting this job with the galactic news is okay . 
 it does n't matter how you get your foot in the door , it 's what you do once you 're there . 
 now you 've got the morals and guts to be a great journalist . 
 better than verity . 
 but , kid , you 'll never get there alone . '' 
 `` i ca n't accept your help , dad , '' she said . 
 `` i have to do this on my own . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why do n't you want my help , mimi ? 
 is it because of those fools at the academy you once called friends ? 
 is it because you want to prove to them you do n't need me ? 
 well wake up , kid , because they are n't doing it on their own . 
 carinthia has been schooled since she was born on how to become an academy officer . 
 her success is n't due to her will and stamina ; she 's just had more opportunities than others . 
 now maybe she does n't realize that , maybe she thinks she got to where she did on her own . 
 but she 's a fool if she thinks that . 
 nobody gets to where they are on their own . '' 
 `` i ... i just need to do this , okay , dad ? '' 
 `` you 're not going to give in , are you ? 
 even if i go ahead and set this job up , you 're never going to do it , right ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 her dad closed his eyes and shook his head . 
 `` mimi chester , you 're a hard one to bargain with . 
 i 'm glad you 're not my competition . '' 
 biting her lips , she smiled . 
 `` i 'm giving up for now , but not forever . 
 and neither am i going to let you pay for your apartment all on your own . 
 you wo n't be able to afford a place so close to the academy , and we all know that 's where the real stories happen . 
 so call this an investment , i 'll help pay your way as long as you keep trying , kid . 
 i want you to find a story that will blow them all out of the water . 
 that will make your doubters rue the day they thought you , mimi chester , were anything but brilliant . '' 
 her smile blossomed into a full-blown grin . 
 `` thanks . 
 but really , i think i should start paying my own way with the apartment . 
 i looked into it , and i can get a place out in australia . '' 
 `` australia ? '' 
 her dad 's voice went up like a kazoo . 
 `` that 's on the other side of the world from the academy 's main campus . 
 plus , full of snakes , right ? 
 and sharks , heaps of sharks . '' 
 `` i can take the super-fast transport to the various academy campuses whenever i need to . 
 it wo n't be that much trouble . '' 
 `` no . 
 stay where you are . 
 like i said , call it an investment . 
 i want to see you come up with a story that will rattle this galaxy . 
 find some secret , uncover some conspiracy . 
 but keep safe , '' her dad warned quickly . 
 `` what , seriously ? 
 you do n't want me to hop a transport into barbarian space ? '' 
 her father 's face visibly paled . 
 `` relax , i 've always been a careful person , and i 'm not about to stop . '' 
 `` right . 
 seriously , though , when i said i want to see you uncover some grand secret , just ensure it 's a safe one . 
 maybe you can find out what admiral forest 's favorite color is , or something . '' 
 it was her turn to snort . 
 `` that is n't exactly going to earn me journalistic fame . '' 
 `` right , right . 
 just be safe , mimi . '' 
 `` do n't worry , i will be . '' 
 `` and if you have time , give the gns a call . 
 i kind of promised yop that he would have first dibs on any stories you come across . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 so if you do come across something worthy , give him a call . '' 
 `` ... okay , '' she conceded , figuring she had to honor her dad 's deal . 
 `` alright then , you have a good one . 
 get to work . 
 now is there anything you need ? 
 how about a new recording ball ? 
 i reckon it 's finally time you replace that old piece of junk . '' 
 `` do n't call him that , '' her voice became piercing . 
 `` it 's a recording ball , mimi , it 's not alive . '' 
 `` it 's my friend , '' she said bluntly . 
 her dad opened his mouth , but whatever he wanted to say quickly died on his lips as he shook his head instead . 
 though mimi was n't a mind reader , she could guess what her dad wanted to point out . 
 it was time for her to get some real friends . 
 so what if everyone at the academy had turned against her , there were still other sentient beings in this galaxy . 
 it was time to give up the safety net that was klutzo and find some real people to spend her time with . 
 thankfully her dad held his tongue . 
 she did n't want to face those facts right now , because despite the fact she always put on a smile , she was n't completely over the accident and never would be . 
 `` alright then , mimi chester , you get back to work . 
 i need to get onto our finance department to tell them to cease all imports to the hagar province . '' 
 she smiled . 
 her dad would already know what was happening on hagar , as would his finance department . 
 he was clearly trying to make her feel useful . 
 he always did that . 
 and it kept her going . 
 so she offered him another warm smile and ended the recording . 
 though she resisted it , she was kind of excited about what he 'd told her . 
 even though she categorically could n't accept a job her father had found for her , just the possibility the galactic service would want first dibs on any proper story she found was a cause for hope . 
 it made her turn around , head over to klutzo , and grab him up . 
 it was time to get back to work . 
 ... even though mimi was just a buzz kill , and had n't technically sold one of her stories yet , she still had the right to attend any official academy press event . 
 sometimes they were crisis updates , and sometimes they were thinly veiled attempts at propaganda . 
 okay , not propaganda . 
 mimi knew the academy did an incredible job of training the forces that kept the coalition safe . 
 but she had learnt a lot of business principles from her dad , and she recognized a great pr machine when she saw one . 
 the academy 's press wing was just that . 
 when there was n't any real news to report , they would fill the wires with back rubs instead . 
 and what were back rubs ? 
 a bit of good old-fashioned hero worship . 
 the academy was big on heroes . 
 from the up and coming in the e club , to their favorite captains and admirals , the academy was never shy of praising its best and brightest . 
 and who was its new golden boy ? 
 special commander joshua cook . 
 unlike previous heroes , however , cook was n't your classic goody two shoes . 
 the information on his past was sketchy , but by all accounts he 'd taken an unusual route into the academy . 
 one that included profiteering , smuggling , and being a gun for hire . 
 nobody talked about this though , and to be fair , the information mimi had on joshua was n't solid . 
 it was enough , however , to suggest that the man had a past . 
 one that seemed at odds with his label as a hero . 
 well right now as mimi made her way into the press wing in the academy command building , she mulled over those facts . 
 because this briefing would be about him . 
 apparently he 'd just returned from some super-secret super-important mission that had saved innumerable coalition lives . 
 while the academy could n't expand on the exact details of his mission , they were n't gon na miss another opportunity for some positive pr . 
 they were going to parade him in front of reporters , tell them he was a bona fide hero , and make him pose for photos . 
 despite the fact mimi did n't work for a registered news agency , she still knew how these things went down . 
 after her conversation with her father , she realized that if she honestly wanted to make something of herself , she would n't be able to stand for the status quo anymore . 
 she wanted to find the story of a lifetime , and she was n't going to get it by standing around taking holo footage with the academy 's new golden boy , even if technically he was a little tarnished . 
 as mimi walked across academy grounds towards the main building , she ignored the stares . 
 the comments too . 
 she locked her gaze forward and she smiled . 
 she was used to it by now . 
 from bradley marshal to carinthia herself , mimi had put up with her fair share of vitriol , and then a little more . 
 even though she kept getting pushed down , she kept getting up too . 
 and she would keep getting up until she was knocked down for good . 
 chapter 3 he always got edgy before an official press release . 
 rebuilders he could manage , journos he could n't . 
 every time he stood up on the podium , his hands would clam up , his heart would race , and he 'd turn into a meathead . 
 not , of course , that his mannerisms and vocabulary were ever that sophisticated -- no matter how much he changed , you would n't be able to strip the pirate from his bones completely . 
 `` this should be an easy one , '' kathleen , head of the academy 's press wing , assured him as she fussed about ensuring his collar and hair sat just right . 
 `` we 'll let them know that you narrowly averted a major disaster , and they 'll lap it up . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` we 've already handed most of the news agencies a list of preferred questions , so you should n't get anything left of field . 
 if you do , just repeat that you ca n't comment about the mission . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` of course you do . 
 if you can fight the rebuilders , '' she lowered her voice , even though no one was in ear shot , `` you can knock a couple of journalists dead , right ? '' 
 `` ... yeah . '' 
 `` alright then , happy hunting . '' 
 with that , kathleen took a step back , inclined her head as she assessed him one last time , and pointed towards the doors . 
 josh wanted to run . 
 instead he walked forward , step after goddamn step , until the doors opened . 
 he faced the journalists . 
 the recording began . 
 and the questions . 
 `` special commander cook , how does it feel to be called a hero ? '' 
 `` special commander , can you confirm reports your recent mission took you behind barbarian lines ? '' 
 `` ... ah , '' josh began . 
 he could take on a horde of pirates , but this was already killing him . 
 `` special commander cook can not confirm or deny any reports regarding his recent mission . 
 now , you all know that , so please do n't ask him again . '' 
 kathleen strode off to his side and shot the assembled journos a curt but still friendly look . 
 `` thanks , '' he muttered . 
 in honesty , he 'd find it easier answering questions about his mission than about being a hero . 
 because , frankly , he was n't the guy they thought he was . 
 he had the kind of past that made him the exact opposite of a golden boy . 
 so every time they talked of his heroics , it made his back itch and his stomach clench . 
 `` i 'm really not that great , '' he tried at one point . 
 `` do n't be modest , '' one of the reporters rebuked him , `` we 've read the reports , we 've seen the evidence -- you 're a galactic hero . '' 
 josh wanted to disappear behind his collar . 
 instead he shrugged . 
 `` it 's all in a day 's work for a member of the coalition . '' 
 kathleen marched up and patted him on the shoulder . 
 `` the special commander here may not like to be thanked , but that is n't going to stop the academy board from giving him a commendation . '' 
 `` ... what ? '' 
 josh half turned to her . 
 he had n't heard anything about this . 
 then again , it was common practice for the academy to spring surprises like this on unsuspecting `` heroes , '' just so the press could see their genuine reactions . 
 `` that 's right , a full commendation will be added to his record this afternoon , '' kathleen continued . 
 `` now , anymore questions ? 
 maybe nothing about josh here being a hero , as he seems uncomfortable with them . '' 
 kathleen chuckled heartily , and the journalists joined in . 
 then someone put their hand up . 
 `` i have a different kind of question . '' 
 out of the corner of his eye , he saw a woman . 
 she was standing back from the rest of the crowd with her arms crossed and a recording ball hovering over her left shoulder . 
 he had the strangest feeling he should know her . 
 was she a famous reporter or something ? 
 a second later , kathleen answered his question as she gave the slightest huff and said , `` yes , miss chester ? '' 
 chester . 
 damn . 
 that was the daughter of theodore francis chester iii , one of the richest men in the galaxy . 
 `` sick of being called a hero ? 
 what exactly did you do before you joined the academy , mr. . 
 cook ? '' 
 miss chester asked . 
 josh stiffened . 
 `` he led the kind of life that prepared him for the tough missions we send him on . 
 tough missions that ensure all of us are safe , '' kathleen jumped in . 
 `` yeah , i 'm not doubting that . 
 i 'd just like a little more detail on exactly what kind of life that was . 
 how do you respond to reports from known mercenaries in the scorpion cluster who claim they used to work with you , mr. . 
 cooke ? '' 
 `` he 's a special commander , '' kathleen jumped in . 
 `` i think we all know that , '' mimi countered , `` but he 's also a man . 
 now , does it make you uncomfortable to read some of the things your apparent ` former colleagues ' said about you ? '' 
 `` none of these reports have been confirmed . 
 they are just the desperate and sad attempts of criminals to tarnish the record of one of our true heroes . '' 
 kathleen actually took a step in front of him , as if she was ready to stave off a physical attack , rather than a verbal one . 
 `` okay then , so tell us exactly what kind of life special commander cook led before he joined the coalition . 
 you said it was hard , you said he learned the kinds of things he needs to know to get him through the toughest of missions . 
 what exactly does that entail ? '' 
 `` i survived , '' josh managed in a low tone , the first time he 'd spoken up in his own defense . 
 it was also the first time he 'd looked miss chester right in the eye . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i really do n't think someone like you would understand , '' he said . 
 his words drew a muttering laugh from the assembled journalists . 
 `` why ? 
 because i 'm not the one standing on a podium receiving a hero 's commendation for a dangerous mission , even though answering a couple of simple questions seems impossible for you ? '' 
 josh stiffened . 
 he bristled , in fact . 
 his gut instinct was to shout at miss chester that she had no goddamn idea what she was talking about . 
 he could n't though ; he was surrounded by recording orbs . 
 instead he took a calming breath . 
 or at least he tried to . 
 `` i think that 's enough for today , '' kathleen interrupted . 
 `` we need time to process the special commander 's commendation . '' 
 miss chester did n't push any further . 
 she returned to the other side of the room , crossed her arms , and watched . 
 despite the fact he 'd been doing nothing but standing , he was out of breath . 
 in short order , kathleen shepherded him out of the room . 
 she did n't say a thing as the doors shut behind them . 
 it was only after she 'd fussed with her wrist device that she looked at him and smiled . 
 `` that went well . '' 
 `` it did ? '' 
 `` sure , you cut quite the figure of a hero with your broad chest and tall figure . 
 the audience will lap it up . '' 
 `` ... what about miss chester 's questions ? '' 
 `` her ? 
 no one 's going to believe anything she says . 
 trust me on that one . 
 she 's been showing up to these events for years , but she 's never sold a story . 
 i 'm surprised her daddy has n't stepped in to help her out . 
 then again , maybe he 's embarrassed . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 josh did n't know what to say . 
 on the one hand he felt thankful miss chester and her inconvenient questions would be ignored , on the other , it felt ... kind of wrong . 
 everything she 'd said was right : he did have the kind of past that ought to be brought into the light . 
 and no , he was n't a hero . 
 `` anyway , you did great , spec . '' 
 kathleen beamed at him . 
 `` the coalition needs more officers like you . '' 
 spec was shorthand around the academy for special commander . 
 somehow , despite the fact there were a dozen other men and women holding that title , it had become his nickname too . 
 better than his previous one : cold bones . 
 back in his old life , he 'd earned a reputation for cruel efficiency . 
 `` okay , i 'll see you next press briefing . '' 
 kathleen gave a short wave as she exited the room into the corridor outside . 
 reluctantly , josh followed . 
 rather than take the usual route back to his office , he took a circuitous one . 
 there was a nice little laneway in between the buildings that had a japanese maple ensconced within patches of moss-covered rocks . 
 there was even a koi pond . 
 it was peaceful , the kind of peaceful he sure had n't grown up with . 
 thankfully , it was usually deserted too -- there was a glass walkway connecting the command buildings , so why bother going outside ? 
 he quickly became lost in his thoughts as he marched outside . 
 in fact , as he approached the koi pound it took him too long to realize there was already someone there . 
 it was a woman . 
 miss chester to be precise . 
 she looked up and caught his gaze . 
 `` i ca n't believe this . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` you followed me . 
 the interview is over , miss chester . '' 
 `` ... what ? 
 i was already here . '' 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 or did you do your research and figure out i always walk along this laneway ? '' 
 `` you 're paranoid . 
 did n't it enter your head that maybe you 're not the only one who likes this place ? '' 
 `` paranoid ? 
 you 've been digging into my past , and you call me paranoid ? '' 
 josh spat . 
 he was aware he should calm down . 
 no , he needed to calm down . 
 miss chester had every right to investigate his past -- he was a public figure . 
 and , frankly , he had exactly the kind of past worth investigating . 
 he could n't quell his anger though . 
 it kept bubbling up at the sight of her . 
 `` look , it 's okay , i 'll leave . '' 
 she stood up and turned . 
 he was n't done . 
 `` i heard about what you did . 
 you ruined your academy career , and now you want to ruin mine . '' 
 she stopped . 
 he could see the side of her face . 
 her cheeks whitened as she pressed her lips together . 
 anyone would be able to see he 'd just hurt her . 
 he did n't care . 
 an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . 
 josh might have had a past , but so did miss chester . 
 ... for a second there , she 'd been proud of herself . 
 out of all the other assembled reporters at that briefing , she 'd been the only one to ask any real questions . 
 okay , no one had answered them , but that did n't matter . 
 she 'd been brave enough to ask . 
 maybe the academy had found it inconvenient , and maybe the other reporters had thought she was being unfair , that did n't matter . 
 a journalist was meant to uncover the truth , they were n't meant to stand around and find new synonyms for the word hero . 
 maybe it was growing up with her dad , but mimi did n't have the same kind of rosy view of the academy that all her peers did . 
 she appreciated it , and god knows she was thankful for its protection , but she also appreciated it had an image . 
 one crafted carefully through every press briefing and report . 
 you see , despite the academy 's rhetoric , the real world did n't have heroes and golden boys . 
 it had ordinary people who sometimes faced the harshest of scenarios . 
 painting the galaxy in shades of good and bad , of hero and villain , did n't help anyone . 
 it simplified incredibly complex situations and made people less likely to work hard enough to find lasting solutions . 
 so yeah , it might have been harsh to call special commander cook up on his past . 
 but it was necessary . 
 no one was a hero , no matter how rosy their past . 
 but josh ? 
 it sounded like he was about as far away from a hero as it was possible to get . 
 well , right now he was standing in front of her , seething . 
 `` you 've got some real nerve looking into my past when your own is just as tarnished . '' 
 `` that 's not fair , '' she countered quietly , her voice barely above a whisper . 
 `` fair ? 
 you want to talk to me about fair ? '' 
 special commander cook spat . 
 `` you grew up in the lap of luxury , shepherded and protected , with your every need cared for . 
 you always have your father to turn to . 
 well , some of us are n't that lucky , miss chester . 
 some of us had to survive in a hostile galaxy . 
 now , if you 're done morally judging me , get out of my way . '' 
 mimi stared up into his blazing gaze . 
 she 'd always been taught that if you wanted to become a good journalist the very first thing you had to learn was psychology . 
 minds . 
 motivations . 
 they were behind every single story . 
 if you understood how a man 's mind ticked , you knew exactly why he did what he did . 
 and if you could transmit that understanding to your readers , you would prove your worth . 
 so even though cook 's gaze was fierce and his words even more so , she did n't back down . 
 instead she lifted her chin and continued to consider him . 
 `` i have faced hardship before , special commander cook . '' 
 `` you had trouble figuring out how to spend all that money ? '' 
 `` every day i pick myself up . 
 i walk back into an academy full of cadets who hate me . 
 they insult me , i pick myself back up . 
 they tell me i ca n't make a life for myself as a journalist , i pick myself back up . 
 they hack into my recording orb and wipe it , and i pick myself back up . 
 and i keep picking myself back up . 
 you can storm away from me and ignore my questions , you can shout at me and berate me , but special commander cook , i will pick myself back up . '' 
 she watched his mouth open , she watched the anger spread across his features , then he hesitated . 
 maybe he actually heard her , or maybe he paused long enough to realize that a proper commander does n't shout at journalists . 
 a proper commander is always calm , approachable , and authoritative . 
 and never , ever abusive . 
 `` so , mr. . 
 cook , are you going to answer my questions now ? '' 
 slowly he closed his mouth , his lips pressing into a thin line . 
 `` no comment . '' 
 with that , he turned on his foot , his shoes digging into the grass . 
 then he stormed off . 
 mimi could have followed him , but she knew enough about psychology to realize that despite his rank , joshua cook certainly was n't calm and approachable . 
 if she pushed him , he 'd likely throw her out a window . 
 so she comforted herself with the thought that there would always be tomorrow . 
 she would n't give up . 
 she 'd keep pushing on until she found out the truth . 
 but she would n't do it no matter the costs . 
 there were lines she would never cross . 
 and maybe that was the real reason mimi could n't cut it as a journalist . 
 though she was desperate to get to the truth , sometimes to get to it you had to hurt people . 
 so she would skirt the thin line between compassion and journalism for now . 
 chapter 4 he was seething . 
 as soon as he got back to his office , he was going to engage in a good session of sparring with a holographic enemy . 
 he wanted to punch something , and the only way to make that feeling go away was to actually punch something . 
 preferably something that would n't get him chucked into prison . 
 though he tried to convince himself that he hated being called a hero , he 'd hated miss chester 's questions even more . 
 while she was right , and he did have a past , he could n't have it brought into the light . 
 though in part he wanted people to know where he 'd come from , if he told the truth , he 'd be stripped of his rank . 
 and if he was stripped of his rank , he 'd lose his only reason to exist : destroying the rebuilders and keeping the coalition 's enemies at bay so he could slowly expunge his sins one good deed at a time . 
 while the academy command clearly knew of his past and had come to terms with it , the wider populous of the coalition was still clueless about the kind of man he once was . 
 though there were rumors , and here and there his old enemies were happy to give interviews , the exact details of all the terrible things he 'd done had not come to light . 
 if they did , public opinion would swing against him . 
 everyone and everything would swing against him . 
 the coalition academy would try to keep him on , but they 'd have a fight on their hands . 
 or would they ? 
 the academy was very good at making heroes . 
 they were also very good at molding public opinion . 
 when they recruited him , they knew his past would eventually come to light . 
 so rather than have it revealed suddenly and sensationally , they released trickles once in a while , but only ever after josh finished some important mission . 
 they were trying to control his image . 
 and it sickened him . 
 yet he needed them to continue . 
 josh could n't lose this new life . 
 he could n't lose the opportunity to reinvent himself . 
 to make up for everything he 'd done . 
 still , he probably should n't have shouted at her like that . 
 that being said , she 'd taken it remarkably well . 
 unusually well . 
 she 'd smiled every time he 'd berated her . 
 whenever somebody verbally or physically attacked josh , his standard reaction certainly was n't a smile . 
 it was to fight back . 
 it was with these thoughts on his mind that jack finally made it back to his office . 
 as he programmed the computer to create a holographic sparring partner , he found his hands typing in another command . 
 he was looking her up . 
 miss chester . 
 he did n't know much about her , save for the most important fact : she was the only child of theodore francis chester the third , possibly one of the richest men in the entire galaxy . 
 josh knew what that meant : it meant mimi was a spoiled brat . 
 a kid who 'd grown up without a care in the world , with everything she ever wanted delivered at the drop of a hat . 
 he did , however , know one other thing about mimi : she 'd been an academy recruit a few years ago . 
 then there 'd been an accident , her fault , apparently . 
 she 'd been kicked out . 
 as he read the official report , it painted a different picture . 
 the accident had been just that , an accident . 
 there 'd been some kind of fault in an engine system , mimi had missed it due to inexperience rather than negligence , and she 'd been exonerated of any wrongdoing . 
 she 'd left the academy by choice , not by an edict . 
 that was n't the story the cadets told . 
 he 'd heard a couple of them talking about her once . 
 apparently , she was arrogant , careless , and operated on the understanding that whatever she stuffed up , her father would fix . 
 it was easier to believe the cadets over the official report . 
 not because official reports were usually wrong , just because it felt easier . 
 labelling mimi as arrogant and stuck up made it simpler to ignore her accusations . 
 because if he could n't ignore her accusations , he 'd have to pay attention to them . 
 and he just could n't do that right now . 
 so , finally satisfied that mimi could be written off , josh pushed up . 
 he set his armor to disengage , ensuring it would n't suddenly leap over his body at the first sign of a fight . 
 then he balled his hands into fists and approached his holographic enemy . 
 he was going to do this bare knuckled . 
 with a man like josh , that was the only way . 
 chapter 5 she woke up to an annoying buzzing . 
 blinking back the sleep , she realized it was klutzo . 
 he was zipping above her bed , making an irritating crackling noise . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she wiped the sleep from her eyes with her sleeves . 
 `` received important message , '' he announced as he did a little loop in the air . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` job offer . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mimi leapt from her bed . 
 she nearly tripped on a pile of clothes , but she kicked them away as she steadied herself . 
 `` what do you mean a job offer ? '' 
 `` gns saw your report on joshua cook . 
 yop j’ k has sent you a message . '' 
 `` what does it say ?! '' 
 she bounced around excitedly . 
 `` it 's 100 pages long , '' klutzo pointed out , still speaking in his excited electronic buzz , `` i shall read it all . '' 
 yop j’ k belonged to one of the most verbose alien races in the galaxy . 
 fascinated by all languages , they would throw every word they could into a sentence , as if they were hoarding them . 
 as a result , their communications tended to be astronomically long . 
 `` whoa , no , wait up . 
 just summarize it . '' 
 `` he believes you 're someone willing to ask the hard questions . 
 he thinks you would make an effective investigative reporter . 
 he 's willing to give you an assignment to test your worth . '' 
 mimi slapped a hand over her mouth . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 or could she ? 
 just as her elation peaked , so did her suspicion . 
 had her dad set this up ? 
 she had asked him to stay out of it , and he 'd always listened to her in the past . 
 so hopefully he had n't called yop j’ k and begged the guy to offer her a job . 
 maybe , just maybe , yop really was impressed by her questioning skills . 
 with her stomach still churning with excitement , albeit a little subdued now , she nestled her hands onto her tummy as she got ready to ask the most important question . 
 `` where does he want me to go ? '' 
 `` he wants you to do a report on the suqo interstellar baking championship . '' 
 klutzo did another loop in the air . 
 `` a ... baking championship ? '' 
 `` it is a contest in which people compete to decide who makes the most delicious baked goods from across the galaxy . '' 
 `` i know what it is . 
 i just thought ... i 'd get something more exciting for my first assignment . '' 
 `` according to the official report , the interstellar baking championship is the most thrilling baking stand-off in all the milky way . '' 
 it was useless arguing with klutzo , so mimi chose to nod her head instead . 
 plus , it would n't be that bad , would it ? 
 and klutzo was right -- it probably could get pretty thrilling . 
 the contestants could get pretty heated . 
 last year two pulled pulse rifles on each other and had a shootout in the donut round . 
 and , to be honest , she could understand why she was n't getting a better assignment as her first job ; she had to be tested first . 
 in fact , when she looked at it objectively , this was a pretty good first mission to get . 
 `` the interstellar baking championship is in approximately one standard earth week . 
 it will take you that long to travel there . '' 
 `` wow , so we have to leave now ? '' 
 `` we have five minutes to relax , '' klutzo pointed out . 
 `` five minutes ? 
 i have to pack ! '' 
 mimi ran out of her room and into the main area of her spacious apartment . 
 it had an incredible view of the bay beyond , and just to the left she could see the sprawling academy grounds . 
 as she raced about , she paused for a second to stare at the academy . 
 to think , she was finally putting the past behind her . 
 she was finally getting her break . 
 and she had josh cook to thank , of all people . 
 `` gns will fund your transport , and they have sent through your tickets . 
 due to a glut of travelers heading to the championship , unfortunately we will not be traveling in style . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' she snorted , `` it 's been a long time since i 've been out in a luxury cruiser . 
 i think i can handle cramped spaces and reconditioned food . '' 
 `` the transport in question is a modified class y tug . 
 it is the only ship leaving earth today that is headed in that direction . '' 
 `` class y ? 
 oh ... well , i suppose beggars ca n't be choosers . 
 it 's my first job , and i 'll be happy to get to it if i have to walk frankly . '' 
 when it came to rating the comfort of transportation vessels , class y was practically the worst . 
 it was one above class z , which meant the ship technically had to have life support and nothing else . 
 she 'd have to bring her own rations and hope like hell she got a seat . 
 nothing could dampen her mood as she prepared , though . 
 by the time she made it out the door with klutzo in tow , she was ready to burst out into song . 
 she 'd been trying for her break for so darn long . 
 it was finally here . 
 though the sun was shining and the birds were actually chirping as she raced across the city to the secondary transport hub , the day would n't turn out quite as nice as promised . 
 ... josh took a seat on the rust bucket of a transport . 
 by the time he sat down , she was already full to the brim . 
 though he usually travelled in coalition cruisers , this mission was different . 
 he 'd been sent to look into a potential smuggling ring , and the captain of this very vessel was suspected to be involved . 
 though josh usually dealt with rebuilder tech , when there was n't an imminent threat , the coalition used his skills elsewhere . 
 plus , he had a unique perspective when it came to smuggling rings ; unlike the other coalition officers sent to investigate , he 'd been in one . 
 he knew exactly how operations like this worked . 
 he tried to arrange himself in his seat so the springs under the threadbare foam did n't dig into his butt . 
 it was a thankless task , but eventually he found a position with his legs sprawled out before him and his scuffed boots lodged against a raised section on the floor . 
 he was n't in his uniform , hence the scuffed boots . 
 he was in civilian clothes , as , according to his ticket information , he was visiting a resort ship out in the nubria cluster . 
 he hated resorts , even though technically he 'd never been to one . 
 still , the very idea of them irritated him : rich folk swanning around spending all their money while others waited on them like slaves . 
 just thinking of it brought up one prime example : mimi chester . 
 it was n't the first time he 'd thought about her since her `` interview '' . 
 for some reason , she would n't get out of his head . 
 `` holy crap , speak of the devil , '' he said as he watched in surprise as none other than mimi chester walked onto the transport . 
 at first he could n't believe it . 
 what the hell was a spoilt brat like her doing on a tin-bucket transport ? 
 was she lost ? 
 or was she looking for him ? 
 `` take your seat , '' the captain said to her as she let him scan her wrist device , no doubt checking she had a valid ticket . 
 `` sure , one question though ... umm , are there any bathrooms on this ahh ... cruiser ? '' 
 `` yep , but the gravity ai n't working in there . 
 has n't worked for years . '' 
 `` oh . 
 so ... we have to sleep in our seats until we get to our destination ? '' 
 `` if you want to sleep , yeah . '' 
 with that , the captain walked off . 
 `` oh wow , i ca n't believe this is my first assignment , '' mimi muttered to herself as she clearly looked for a seat . 
 `` this is just -- '' josh watched her turn his way . 
 it took her a second , then her eyes drew wide . 
 he crossed his arms . 
 `` take your seat , '' the captain suddenly snapped at her . 
 `` oh , i 'm just looking for a place to sit , '' mimi said politely . 
 `` there . '' 
 the captain pointed to a seat next to josh . 
 mimi looked sick , but nodded and made her way over . 
 `` oh my god , it 's you , '' mimi muttered as she took her seat , immediately closing her arms around herself . 
 `` correct , it 's me . '' 
 josh leaned back in his seat , enjoying the sound of the leather creaking as he crossed his arms . 
 `` and no , you ca n't have an interview . 
 if you turn that on , '' he pointed to the recording orb with a stiff finger , `` i will throw it against the wall and stamp on its memory circuits . 
 got it ? '' 
 though she looked uncomfortable to begin with , she did n't gasp or swallow . 
 he 'd just threatened her , and all mimi chester did was bite her lip awkwardly . 
 `` ... throw it against the wall and stamp on its memory circuits ? 
 that 's not the usual threat i get . 
 i thought the only legal action you could take against an unsolicited recording was to wipe its memory banks , not crush them under your foot . '' 
 josh crossed his arms stiffer . 
 `` i think we 've both ascertained i 'm not an ordinary coalition officer . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 so ... maybe i should find somewhere else to sit . '' 
 mimi pushed up from her seat , neatening her casual clothes as she did . 
 for somebody who was the daughter of the richest man in the galaxy , she sure did n't dress like it . 
 she was in plain grey pants with a light blue tunic on top . 
 they did n't match , and here and there they were slightly threadbare . 
 she had a pretty face , though . 
 it was probably genetically engineered , he thought meanly . 
 from her red cheeks to her sparkling eyes to her lustrous brown hair , no doubt her father had picked her out of a catalogue . 
 it did n't matter that genetically engineering humans was illegal , and that mimi really was n't pretty enough to justify such an accusation , josh did n't edit his thoughts . 
 but he did watch in barely subdued glee as she walked over to one of the flight crew and asked for another seat . 
 when the man told her that the only other seat was on his lap , mimi politely declined and made her way back . 
 josh shot her a sarcastic smile . 
 `` what , you did n't immediately call daddy and get him to buy you a transport instead ? '' 
 she sat down next to him , adjusting her ugly tunic until it sat neatly across her knees . 
 then she set her recording orb down , as far away from josh as she could . 
 they dwindled into silence . 
 it was uneasy . 
 though she was n't rising to his bait , that did n't matter . 
 he had this urge to keep insulting her . 
 so as the transport started with an ominous rattling gurgle , and mimi made a worried noise , josh took the opportunity to lean a little closer . 
 `` not too late to get out . '' 
 it was her turn to lean closer to him . 
 `` not too late to start acting like a commander . '' 
 `` i 'm a special commander . '' 
 `` does that mean you have special dispensation to act like a dick ? '' 
 he snorted , but before he could continue the conversation , the engines hummed into life . 
 no , hum was n't the right word -- they roared . 
 this transport had such little insulation between the engine room and the main deck that it sounded like they were inside a storm . 
 he watched mimi cup her ears uncomfortably . 
 `` it 's not going to get better . 
 as soon as we hit faster-than-light speed , it 's gon na get a hell of a lot worse , '' he told her , raising his voice to be heard over the engines . 
 `` why are you even on this transport ? 
 you 're a coalition officer , do n't they usually ship you to missions in a little more style ? '' 
 he laughed , maybe a little too loudly . 
 `` sorry , you 're talking to me about traveling in style ? 
 how many luxury cruisers have you been on , miss chester ? '' 
 `` do n't call me that . 
 i 'm just mimi . 
 and to answer your question , one . '' 
 `` what , you do n't book a luxury boat every time you head to the store ? '' 
 `` no , i walk . '' 
 josh took the opportunity to smile at her snidely as he thought of what to say next . 
 she got there first . 
 `` let 's not start this . 
 i 'll agree to leave you alone if you agree to leave me alone . '' 
 `` you did n't leave me alone at that briefing . 
 i 'm not sure if this is a fair deal . '' 
 she turned to him . 
 she had particularly pretty , piercing blue eyes . 
 they were an odd pale shade that reminded him of the sun reflecting off a clear lake . 
 `` special commander , no offense , but you 're a member of the academy . 
 you have a public role , and you 're entrusted with a great deal of responsibility . 
 but you also have a lot of power . 
 now not everyone may appreciate that the academy has an excellent pr machine , but it does . 
 when a company is so used to controlling its public image , it becomes even more important to keep asking hard questions . 
 you may think i 'm harassing you , i 'm not . 
 to be honest , i appreciate you 've had a different upbringing to mine , and i appreciate you did what you had to to survive . 
 all i want to know -- and all the galaxy deserves to know -- is whether you crossed the line one too many times . 
 only you can answer that right now . '' 
 josh 's gut clenched . 
 a mix of nerves , anger , and shame washed through him . 
 her words had cut way too close to the bone . 
 `` considering your past , i would n't lecture me , if i were you , '' he threatened . 
 `` my past ? 
 you mean what happened at the academy ? 
 i 'd never encountered an engine fault like that -- i was a third year student . 
 you think i did it on purpose ? 
 you think i was too arrogant to waste my time with looking ? 
 well guess what ? 
 unlike your past , mine 's been thoroughly documented . 
 the whole exercise was recorded for training purposes -- you can see me making the mistake , if you 'd like . 
 you can read through the numerous logs . 
 as an officer , you can probably read the actual deliberations of the committee that acquitted me . 
 it 's all there , because i do n't have anything to hide . '' 
 josh felt the heat of anger rise through him . 
 `` every cadet thinks you made a mistake because you were too cocky to do the job properly . 
 with your daddy there to fix your mistakes , you do n't care what you do . '' 
 `` cocky ? 
 you want cocky ? 
 how about ignoring evidence in favor of hearsay . 
 three qualified engineers testified that the engine fault was virtually undetectable , and only a seasoned pro would have picked it up . 
 i know what the cadets say about me , i also know that it 's easier to paint me as a target than look at their own responsibility . 
 that training exercise should never have been approved . 
 we were too young and inexperienced . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you think you can exonerate yourself by pushing the blame onto your teammates . 
 i see you did n't stick around the academy long enough to learn loyalty . '' 
 `` we were all part of e club , though i 'd only just joined . 
 i 'm not sure if you know what e club is , as you kind of skipped standard training , but it 's full of people who think they 're the best and brightest . 
 i think i was only invited to join because of my dad ... anyway , carinthia forest wanted to organize a special training group to undertake battle simulations outside of classes . 
 cadets who go through more simulations have a higher chance of graduating as an officer , rather than a standard ensign . 
 the harder the simulations , the better . 
 so the e club made them brutal . 
 it should take a team of proper technicians to set them up and ensure safety protocols are working -- all we had were undergrads . 
 i was stuck with checking the engine systems . 
 i was n't qualified . 
 once i finished , i realized i could n't trust my work , and i told them i was n't comfortable with the simulation going ahead without another person checking . 
 they ignored me . '' 
 josh opened his mouth , but she put up her hand . 
 `` before you ask , that 's on the footage too . 
 i even made a note in the log . 
 and you want to know why i was stuck with engineering duty even though i was n't even studying engineering ? 
 because they all wanted to take part in the actual simulation . 
 i was n't bothered . '' 
 `` so what , you think this makes up for what you did ? '' 
 `` yes , i do , '' she said flatly . 
 `` you think your teammates are the ones to blame ? 
 well i 've got news for you , you made the mistake . '' 
 he stabbed a finger her way . 
 `` yeah and no . 
 i missed the fault -- there 's no doubting that . 
 but we should never have been there . '' 
 `` if you could n't handle the assignment , you should never have accepted it , '' he said indignantly . 
 `` really ? 
 that 's it ? 
 that 's the solution ? 
 i was a weak link , end of story ? 
 so it will never happen again , then ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm asking you if a training accident like that will happen again . 
 surely if it was just my fault , then you get rid of me , and you 've fixed the problem . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying it will never happen again , '' he conceded gruffly . 
 `` i 'm saying you ca n't dilute your responsibility by shifting the blame onto others . '' 
 `` oh , for a second there i thought you were actually interested in stopping things like this from happening . 
 because if you were , you 'd look at the culture within the e club and the academy as a whole . 
 having experienced that culture , i can absolutely guarantee you that it will happen again . 
 those cadets think the only way to get ahead is to push themselves . 
 the academy encourages that . '' 
 he had to laugh . 
 `` the galaxy out there is pretty dangerous , miss. '' he leaned a little closer to her as he hissed the word miss. `` i 've got news for you , the only reason you enjoy the peace you do is that men and women push themselves every day to keep you safe . '' 
 he was expecting her to cower back . 
 she did n't . 
 she looked him right in the eye , not even bothering to lean away , considering how close their seats were . 
 `` i know that . '' 
 `` really ? 
 it sounds like you take it for granted . 
 it sounds like you 're all too ready to turn on your teammates , even though their only crime is trying their hardest to be the best they can be . '' 
 `` to be heroes ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he opened his mouth to say an emphatic yes , but the word stuck in his throat . 
 hero . 
 he hated that goddamn word . 
 `` what if the cadets in e club are n't trying to be the best they can be , what if they 're trying to be heroes ? '' 
 he shrunk away from her questions . 
 `` what if they live in a culture that 's steeped in this myth of coalition heroes single-handedly saving the galaxy ? 
 what if they 're bombarded with stories from the academy 's press wing day in and day out espousing the incredible deeds of a few ? 
 what if they graduate thinking that the only way to save the galaxy is to become a hero ? 
 do you think that will ensure peace , special commander ? '' 
 it was his turn to lean away from her . 
 `` you do n't need to answer . 
 we both know it wo n't . 
 you might be a lot of things , but you do n't strike me as dumb . 
 i think you appreciate more than most that painting a world of heroes and villains only ever hides the truth . 
 it simplifies complex situations into good and bad , epic and dull . 
 it prevents us from ever finding peace , because a hero always needs an enemy . '' 
 josh stood up . 
 it was a knee jerk reaction . 
 his body was so tense with anger it felt like he 'd snap . 
 she looked up at him , never blinking once . 
 mimi was turning out to be a lot of things , but he could n't deny she was brave . 
 and terribly goddamn obstinate . 
 `` i 'm going to find another seat , '' he managed as he turned on his heel . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure the only one that 's left is on the captain 's lap , '' she quipped from behind him . 
 his back was rigid , his shoulders so stiff it felt as if they 'd burst out of his top . 
 without another word , he walked away . 
 her words followed him . 
 a hero always needs an enemy ... chapter 6 mimi bit her lip as he walked off . 
 he looked seriously mad . 
 maybe she 'd gone too far ? 
 maybe she should apologize when he got back ? 
 or maybe he deserved it . 
 though mimi liked to think of herself as a nice person , that was n't always true . 
 sometimes she got very direct . 
 when pushed , she 'd push back . 
 she usually tried to be more tactful than she had been with josh , though . 
 there was something about him that truly irritated her . 
 she was n't entirely sure it was his murky past , either . 
 because while she did suspect there was a story there , she realized it could n't be too bad ; the academy would n't have taken him on if he was an irredeemable criminal . 
 no , there was something else about the man that got to her . 
 she 'd barely met him , but it was clear his personality grated against hers . 
 still , it was always better to be polite . 
 and to smile . 
 you always had to smile . 
 by the time he made it back from his wander , she was ready to apologize . 
 he ruined the moment when he sat down gruffly and shoved her to the side . 
 `` you 're seat is over there . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you 're on my side . '' 
 `` so you shove me rather than asking me to shift slightly ? 
 and what do you mean i 'm on your side ? 
 you 're way bigger than me and these seats are tiny . 
 if anything , you 're on my side . '' 
 josh said nothing as he sat down and shifted his shoulders about . 
 rather than have his big arms brush up against her , she pulled herself closer to the right to get away from him . 
 however , there was a bulkhead next to her , so she could n't move far enough to stop his arm from touching hers . 
 she could still hear his breath , feel the heat off his body , and see the cold , angry look in his eyes . 
 at the sight of her pressing herself up against the bulkhead , she saw his lips curl . 
 `` stay there and shut up , and we 'll get through this , '' he said as he crossed his arms , invading her personal space with his massive shoulders and elbows . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 you know , i was thinking it over , and i was going to apologize to you . 
 i was going to say sorry for going too far . 
 i should have appreciated your feelings . 
 but you know what i 'm going to do now ? '' 
 he turned his head towards her slowly , his neck muscles practically creaking . 
 his eyes glinted with a challenging look , one that kind of did weird things to her stomach . 
 she ignored her tummy and angled her chin up . 
 `` i 'm going to apologize anyway , because i wo n't be bullied . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` so this is you apologizing ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 she looked at him directly and bowed her head . 
 `` but ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` but you have a serious attitude problem . 
 you 're the rudest coalition officer i 've ever met . 
 i understand your job is stressful , but that does n't give you the right to snap at everyone . '' 
 `` i do n't snap at everyone . '' 
 `` so it 's just me ? '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 `` is it because of my father ? '' 
 he gave a low laugh . 
 `` i 've got no problems with theodore chester , i just do n't like spoilt brats . '' 
 `` hey , maybe do n't say my dad 's name so loud , okay ? '' 
 she asked quickly . 
 as soon as josh mentioned her dad 's name , several people in the transport turned their way . 
 while everyone had been happy to ignore her argument with josh before , now she was gathering stares . 
 uncomfortable ones . 
 josh darted his gaze around the transport . 
 `` they all know who you are . 
 you 're infamous around the academy . 
 plus , presumably the ticket was purchased under your name . 
 it 's a little too late to think about discretion . '' 
 she snorted and tried to cross her arms . 
 but there simply was n't room . 
 `` fine , let 's go back to our original deal : you be quiet and i 'll be quiet . '' 
 `` the deal was you would shut up , '' he countered immediately . 
 `` oh my god , you 're acting like a child . 
 can you actually hear yourself ? 
 is that anyway for an on-duty special commander to act ? '' 
 he leaned in quickly . 
 `` keep your voice down . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she stuttered , slightly breathless at the sight of a looming joshua cook . 
 `` i said , keep your mouth shut . 
 and do n't say i 'm on duty -- i 'm not . 
 i 'm heading to a resort ship for some r and r. '' she deliberately let her brow shoot up behind her fringe . 
 `` resort ship ? 
 you ? 
 i do n't buy it . 
 not only would it make you the biggest hypocrite in the world , as they 're astronomically expensive , but you strike me as the kind of guy who would hate places like that . 
 in fact , you strike me as the kind of guy who never stops working . '' 
 `` just stop talking now , '' he warned . 
 `` i am going to a resort ship , and that 's the end of the story . '' 
 with that , he turned from her and appeared to try to get comfortable in his chair . 
 yet as he did , mimi swore he shot a calculating gaze towards the front of the ship and the small command bridge . 
 in fact , the quality of his gaze was so concentrated that mimi realized something had to be up . 
 she was certain she was right , and josh was still on duty . 
 she could bet he would only willingly go to a resort ship if he could ransack it . 
 so what was his mission ? 
 and why did he need such a flimsy cover ? 
 as they dwindled into silence and the hours ticked by , she never stopped watching him . 
 he was very surreptitious , but she could see that every now and then he craned his neck to watch the captain whenever he strode out of the bridge and through the main deck . 
 despite the intrigue of finding out what josh was doing , it slowly dawned on her that she would have to stay in this seat for the next seven days , pressed between him and the wall . 
 realizing the best and only thing to do would be to sleep through it , she settled down and tried to get comfortable . 
 soon enough she drifted off . 
 the last thing she thought as her mind wound down was that it could be worse . 
 she did n't know how , but surely it could be worse . 
 chapter 7 he was still fuming . 
 but he also had to work . 
 he paid close attention to the captain 's movements . 
 he also took every chance he could to explore the ship . 
 no , that was a lie -- he did n't take every chance to explore the ship -- he 'd only staked out the place a couple of times on the way to the bathroom . 
 he wanted the opportunity to explore more , but something was holding him back . 
 something exceedingly stupid and pathetic . 
 miss mimi chester . 
 she was asleep , and as dumb as it sounded , he did n't want to leave her alone . 
 he 'd seen a few of the other passengers casting her certain kinds of looks . 
 looks josh knew all too well -- he 'd been a pirate , and he knew the exact kind of greedy glint you 'd get in your eye when you saw a soft target . 
 even though this transport had left from earth , not all the passengers had departed from there . 
 some had already been on the vessel . 
 so it was n't entirely impossible that there were bona fide brigands on board . 
 especially not considering the captain was a potential smuggler . 
 she 'd gone and wandered into a pretty dangerous situation , and she was fast asleep , unable to protect herself should anyone make a move for her stuff . 
 the longer he sat there and the more she snuffled softly , the more resentful he felt . 
 he should n't have to baby sit her -- he had a real mission to complete . 
 he 'd overheard her talking to the captain before , and he knew she was off on her first real assignment . 
 well he could bet it was something pathetic , and something that did n't justify wasting his time . 
 eventually he could n't take it anymore , and he elbowed her in the side . 
 not too hard , but hard enough to see her rouse . 
 she made an entirely cute `` hup '' sound as she bolted awake . 
 she looked at him . 
 `` turbulence , '' he muttered . 
 `` oh ... '' she leant her head back against the wall and closed her eyes . 
 `` you 've already been asleep for eight hours . '' 
 `` i 'm hoping to make it seven days . '' 
 `` nobody can sleep that long . '' 
 he crossed his arms . 
 there was something about this woman that made him want to cross his arms permanently . 
 `` you want to try me ? 
 i can sleep for days if i want to . 
 and i 'm gon na . 
 because it 's certainly preferable to being conscious for this journey . 
 now , goodnight . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 wake up and stay awake . 
 i 'm done watching you . '' 
 mimi pulled her head from the wall and looked at him . 
 slowly her sleepy eyes widened with alarm . 
 `` sorry ? 
 you were watching me while i slept ? '' 
 `` i was watching over you , '' he corrected through an awkward grumble . 
 `` now it 's your turn . 
 you need to keep your wits about you ; you 're not on earth anymore . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` christ , can you really be this dumb ? 
 you know before when you did n't want me talking about your dad , '' he lowered his voice , even though it would have been fun to see her reaction as he blurted it out once more . 
 mimi turned from him and quickly surveyed the other passengers . 
 her eyes locked on a few particularly suspicious looking ones -- the same ones he was sure were criminals . 
 `` oh dear , '' she said quietly . 
 `` you should never have booked a ticket on this transport , '' he pointed out indignantly . 
 `` i did n't exactly have a choice -- it was booked for me . 
 there 's so much traffic going to the interstellar baking championship , that this was the only ride they could find . '' 
 `` ... hold on , what ? 
 interstellar baking championship ? '' 
 she blushed slightly , but did n't turn away . 
 `` yes , what of it ? '' 
 `` that 's your first assignment ? '' 
 he started to laugh . 
 as he did , all his tension washed away . 
 this was the best thing he 'd heard all year . 
 `` yes it is , but how do you know that ? '' 
 `` i overheard you talking to the captain . 
 but this ... wow , you 've really made it big now , have n't you , miss ? 
 i mean , a baking championship . 
 you must be the best journalist in the galaxy . '' 
 `` it 's an interstellar baking championship . 
 and i 'll have you know that it can get pretty exciting . 
 last year there was a shootout in the donut round . '' 
 he laughed harder and harder . 
 until all his tension disappeared entirely . 
 `` it 's nothing to laugh about ; some races take it incredibly seriously . 
 the hakar have bakers training all year round , not just in cooking skills , but in combat skills too , in case it comes down to fists over dough . '' 
 josh kept laughing . 
 he rocked back and forth in his chair , and it was a surprise he did n't fall off . 
 `` it 's really not that funny . 
 you know the winner gets the opportunity to bake for the president herself ? '' 
 josh finally tried to calm himself . 
 clamping a hand over his mouth , he let a few more chuckles escape before stifling them with a cough . 
 `` oh wow . 
 just wow . '' 
 `` you know , you 're kind of mean . 
 a lot of people take this championship very seriously . 
 just because you do n't share their views does n't mean you should belittle them . 
 i mean , i 've got to admit i was a little hesitant about it at first , but the more i read , the more i realize how important this event is . 
 it can change lives . '' 
 despite his best attempts , josh started laughing again . 
 `` okay fine . 
 you have your chuckle . 
 i 'm going to the bathroom . '' 
 she stood up abruptly , flicking her hair over her shoulder as she did . 
 josh pushed to his feet too , pushing away his mirth at the same time . 
 `` not on your own . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean not on my own ? 
 i do n't need you to chaperone me to the bathroom . 
 i 've got my recording ball , i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i have no idea what that means , and it sounds pretty weird , but you 're still not going on your own . '' 
 he watched her cheeks start to burn . 
 a mighty flush climbed her neck so quickly it looked as if she 'd swallowed hot coals . 
 `` my recording orb is programmed to scan my surroundings , and can alert me should anything untoward happen , '' she clarified in a single breath . 
 `` you do n't want to be alerted when something bad happens -- you want to prevent it from happening in the first place . 
 so i 'm coming with you . '' 
 she closed her eyes and took a massive breath that saw her chest punch distractingly against her top . 
 he only looked away once she opened her eyes . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she picked up her recording orb and stalked off . 
 josh followed . 
 he paid keen attention to the other passengers as he did . 
 to be honest , he was n't sure they were going to try anything . 
 this did , however , provide him with a great opportunity to explore the ship . 
 while mimi was busy wrestling with zero gravity , he 'd be able to scan the rooms next to the bathroom . 
 he 'd tried to do it before , but without a reason to loiter in the corridor , he 'd been shooed on . 
 this was his excuse . 
 it was a short walk to the bathroom , but it was a treacherous one . 
 this old tin-bucket ship surely deserved its lowly rating as a class y tug . 
 there was junk everywhere , and the walls were nearly all broken . 
 as they made their way through the corridor , they had to navigate through pipes jutting out of the floor and patches of oil . 
 once or twice mimi nearly slipped . 
 he could have caught her . 
 he did n't . 
 let her fall , he thought . 
 someone had been propping her up all her life . 
 she needed to learn to survive on her own . 
 also , it was kind of fun to watch her tripping up . 
 when they finally made it to the bathroom , mimi had to press herself against the wall to navigate around a particularly obstructive pipe in the floor . 
 it was very much a tripping hazard , but the captain was very much not the kind of shady operator to care . 
 `` god , i hope i do n't die on this thing . 
 why are there all these pipes everywhere ? 
 and what 's with all the oil ? '' 
 `` do n't be dramatic , '' he lectured , `` we 're not going to die . 
 the pipes and oil are from non-essential systems . '' 
 `` if they 're non-essential , why are they on the ship ? '' 
 `` just hurry up . 
 i do n't have all day to shepherd you . '' 
 `` what , you need to get back to sitting in your seat and looking surly ? '' 
 he pressed his lips together and offered her a sarcastic smile . 
 `` i 'm doing you a favor , princess . 
 now less of the attitude . 
 go . '' 
 he waved her on with a brief flick of his hand . 
 she rolled her eyes and turned . 
 that would be when the ship lurched . 
 it was n't too bad , but it was enough to see mimi stumble . 
 she caught herself before she could fall over , but her torso came perilously close to the jutting end of the pipe . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked quickly . 
 before she could answer , the ship lurched again . 
 this one was worse . 
 it felt like the damn thing struck an asteroid . 
 mimi was thrown towards the pipe . 
 he somehow got there first , wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her away from the pipe before it could impale her . 
 they struck the floor together , his arms still around her middle . 
 before she could pull free , the ship lurched again and again . 
 he held onto her . 
 she held onto him . 
 the floor started to buckle . 
 she screamed . 
 seconds later , a klaxon blazed through the ship . 
 old and crackly , he still picked up the message : `` warning , warning , immanent crash landing . 
 immanent crash landing . '' 
 he cradled her head and closed his eyes . 
 chapter 8 somehow it did n't kill them . 
 he felt it though , in every bone of his body . 
 the transport crashed . 
 the thing buckled around him , pipes protruding from the walls like bones from a broken body . 
 the ceiling bowed down too , but somehow held its integrity , rather than buckling and bringing the hull down on their heads . 
 they were knocked around badly , but were lucky enough not to get skewered or squashed . 
 through it all he held onto her , one arm around her back and one hand cradling her head . 
 she held onto him fast , too . 
 then , as the shaking abated , and the ship came to a stop , he loosened his grip and stared around him . 
 the corridor was ruined . 
 the ship would be unsalvageable . 
 yet somehow , somehow they 'd survived . 
 he tried to sit up . 
 mimi was still holding onto him . 
 `` hey , it 's okay . 
 it 's okay . 
 you 're fine . 
 we 're alive , '' he said gently , placing a hand on her shoulder reassuringly . 
 her face was littered with scratches and there was a deep gash in her arm . 
 he knew she was alive , though ; he could feel her heart beating through her chest and into his torso as she still held on tight around his middle . 
 `` mimi , it 's okay now . 
 we 're alive , '' he said in a voice as close to a coo as josh cook would ever manage . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 those piercing pools of blue stared up at him . 
 it was an arresting sight . 
 the whole damn situation was arresting . 
 they 'd just freaking crash landed and somehow survived . 
 she slowly let him go . 
 shaking , she tried to push up to her feet . 
 `` careful , '' he warned as he put out a hand to steady her . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she coughed into her hand before checking on the gash in her arm and groaning . 
 `` we crash landed . '' 
 `` what ? 
 where ? 
 were n't we on a transport route ? '' 
 `` that 's a good point . 
 i do n't really know . 
 let 's go find out . 
 if we make it to the bridge -- '' he began . 
 mimi stopped him with another coughing fit . 
 she doubled over , and he hooked a hand on her arm to ensure she did n't topple onto the broken , buckled floor . 
 he patted a hand on her back . 
 `` come on , we 'll get you to a med kit . 
 i 've got one in my luggage ... wherever that is now . 
 but we should get to the bridge first to find out what we 're dealing with . 
 if i had a scanner with me , i could do it from here . '' 
 `` klutzo , '' she managed through coughs . 
 `` sorry , what did you just call me ? '' 
 she pointed behind her to her recording orb . 
 the little device had been smart enough not to get squashed during the crash , and was now floating a half meter from mimi . 
 `` you gave it a name ? '' 
 josh questioned . 
 though now felt like the perfect opportunity to insult mimi again -- as only fools named soulless machines -- it really was n't . 
 they 'd just crash landed , mimi was injured , and god knows what planet they 'd ended up on . 
 so he held his tongue . 
 `` of course , '' she coughed again , placing a hand on his arm for support as she finally righted herself , `` he 's a friend . '' 
 `` right ... but standard recording orbs should n't be able to scan through this much hull , '' he pointed out as he helped her stand . 
 `` oh , klutzo has ... added features . '' 
 she called the little recording orb over to her with a flick of her hand . 
 `` what happened , klutzo ? 
 and where are we ? 
 have we struck a planet outside , or an asteroid ? 
 how 's hull integrity ? 
 are there any other survivors ? '' 
 `` hull integrity has failed , '' klutzo informed them in an electronic tone that sounded way too chipper , given the circumstances . 
 josh stiffened , automatically tightening his grip on mimi 's arm . 
 `` we have crash landed on a planet . 
 accessing local information networks , '' he informed them as the lights along the outside of his form started to blip between green and red . 
 josh started to relax . 
 if they were on a planet and hull integrity had already failed , it meant the air outside was breathable . 
 `` i have ascertained we are on omacka four , '' klutzo announced . 
 josh immediately tensed up again . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` where 's omacka four ? 
 i 've never heard of it . '' 
 mimi turned to look at josh , her expression worried . 
 `` it 's a long way from our transport route . 
 how the hell did we get here ? '' 
 josh answered . 
 `` and are you sure , recording orb ? '' 
 `` yes , i am certain , '' klutzo informed them , `` but if you do not trust my assessment , ask the captain . '' 
 `` he 's alive ? '' 
 josh snapped forward . 
 `` yes , all the crew of this transport are alive . 
 the main deck and bridge were shielded during the crash landing . 
 only this area was not . '' 
 `` oh , that 's a relief . '' 
 mimi let out a tense breath . 
 josh just snorted . 
 there was every possibility that the captain removed the shielding from the corridor area because he knew josh and mimi were there . 
 though josh doubted the captain had any particular beef with mimi , he could bet the guy was already suspicious of him . 
 `` let 's go check it out . '' 
 he nodded at mimi . 
 `` right . '' 
 she pushed her hair from her face and smiled . 
 christ , they 'd crash-landed and she was smiling . 
 what was this girl on ? 
 chapter 9 he was being ... strangely nice . 
 up until the crash , josh cook had been one of the meanest people she 'd met . 
 now it felt like he was a different guy . 
 she was appreciating his total personality makeover , yet she got the feeling it would n't last . 
 maybe he 'd look out for her for the time being , but as soon as the situation calmed down , she could bet he would become the same rude bully she 'd sat next to for the past day . 
 still , she 'd enjoy this while it lasted . 
 `` watch your step , '' he pointed out as they made their way through the corridor . 
 `` the floor is pretty weak in this section . '' 
 she smiled . 
 okay , she always smiled , but she put a little more effort into it . 
 `` right , the main deck should be right around this corner . '' 
 josh shifted around a massive section of cables that had spilled from the wall like guts from a split belly . 
 before she could follow , she heard him sigh in frustration . 
 `` great , it 's blocked ahead , '' he managed . 
 she ducked her head around the corner to see that , indeed , there was no way through . 
 the wall had collapsed , and though there was a tiny gap between the massive chunks of warped metal , she would n't even be able to push her finger through it , let alone her body . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 josh looked at her , his eyes getting stuck on her arm . 
 `` we need to get you some first aid . '' 
 `` ha ? '' 
 she looked down at her arm . 
 the gash was deep and bleeding profusely . 
 though it hurt a bit , she was surprised by how much blood was trickling down her sleeve . 
 `` just hold tight . 
 technically this ship should have a med kit in each service panel ; it 's a requirement of accreditation as a transport vessel . '' 
 josh turned from her and started to search along the broken corridor . 
 `` hold that wound , '' he snapped at her as he got down on his hands and knees and tried to pry a service panel from the wall . 
 she smiled again , then -- as instructed -- grabbed her arm , pressing the fingers against her gash and wincing as she did . 
 josh grunted as he tried to yank the service panel off , but after a few seconds it was clear the warped metal was jammed into the walls . 
 so , grabbing onto a broken pipe jutting from the wall for support , he leaned back and kicked the panel instead . 
 the wall shook under his barrage , and soon enough the panel dropped off and clanged to the floor . 
 he leaned down and stuck his head and torso into the service duct , despite the fact she could smell it was flooded with some foul gas and the buzz of exposed electrical circuits . 
 he ferreted around a bit before finally pulling out a slim flexi metal case with a medical symbol emblazoned over the top in holographic ink . 
 `` alright . '' 
 he opened the box , slamming his fist on it when it would n't unclip , then surveyed the contents . 
 she walked over to him just in time to watch him swear . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` goddamn contraband . '' 
 he started to laugh . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` they 're restricted tri-phasic gun batteries . '' 
 josh chuckled . 
 `` ah , why is that funny ? '' 
 `` because i 've been looking for these . 
 it seems our captain really is a smuggler . 
 now if only we had n't crash landed in the freaking omacka system . '' 
 `` ah ... is there any spray-on skin in there ? 
 because my arm 's still kind of bleeding . '' 
 despite the fact she pressed her fingers hard into her wound , blood seeped between them . 
 she was starting to feel a little light headed , too . 
 `` yeah , yeah , hold on , '' he muttered as he carefully removed the gun batteries , counting them as he lay them to his side . 
 `` alright , here we go . '' 
 he finally uncovered the legitimate contents of the med pack , pushing to his knees as he grabbed the spray-on skin . 
 mimi sighed in relief , but tensed a little as josh neared . 
 it was n't that she thought josh was going to hurt her -- far from it . 
 for some reason his proximity made her skin tingle . 
 without a word , he grabbed her arm with one hand , and shook the spray with the other . 
 `` wait , is n't that the wrong color ? '' 
 mimi managed nervously . 
 josh gave her a pointed look . 
 `` never mind . 
 i guess i 've always wanted a purple tan ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` hold still , '' he commanded . 
 with a soft touch that was very much at odds with his character , joshua cook proceeded to spray her wound with the specialized compound . 
 as soon as it touched her arm , the whole thing prickled . 
 it felt like her pain had been replaced by thousands of dancing ants . 
 when she shifted uncomfortably , josh snapped at her to `` stay still , '' again . 
 when he was finished , without a word , he cupped her chin in his hand . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she spluttered . 
 he gave a derisive snort . 
 `` relax , princess , i 'm dealing with the cuts on your face . '' 
 `` you can leave them ; they 're not very serious , '' she stuttered . 
 `` i 'll be the judge of that . 
 plus , they could get infected . 
 i 'm not sure if you 've noticed , but this ai n't exactly the cleanest transport in the galaxy , '' he mumbled as he gently applied the spray-on skin to her cheek and neck . 
 though mimi 's skin prickled as he applied the compound , it was where his fingers held her chin that really tingled . 
 her stomach too . 
 she could n't look him in the eye , and instead concentrated way too keenly on the patch of wall over his left shoulder . 
 `` okay , all done , '' he said as he stepped back and pocketed the spray-on skin . 
 `` thank you , '' she managed , her voice way too high for some reason . 
 there was an awkward moment where they looked at each other , then josh snorted . 
 `` purple really suits you . '' 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 she delicately felt her cheeks . 
 `` that 's a stand-out statement , that is . '' 
 he chuckled meanly to himself . 
 `` now hurry up ; we need to find a way out of this tin can so we can have a little chat to the captain . '' 
 mimi did n't say anything as josh led her forward with a brief wave . 
 he was about to turn mean again , was n't he ? 
 she could feel it . 
 now the immediate threat was almost over , josh cook was going to become the same cruel man she 'd learned to loathe . 
 chapter 10 it took him ages to find a way out of the ship . 
 if he 'd had his armor , he could have done it in seconds . 
 the damn stuff was back at the academy though . 
 he was meant to be under cover for this mission , and there was no good excuse to take your battle armor on a resort cruise . 
 the longer they remained trapped in the belly of that broken ship , the more irritated he got . 
 mimi thankfully was silent . 
 in fact , she was doing a pretty darn good job of staying out of his way . 
 that would n't last though , would it ? 
 as soon as they got out of here , she 'd go back to being the arrogant , maddening brat he 'd learned to loathe . 
 in fact , it was a surprise she had n't taken the opportunity to turn her recording orb on to document this whole mess . 
 it was also a surprise she had n't started asking him more questions about his past . 
 finally , after what felt like hours , they made their way into the cargo bay . 
 he had to pry apart a door with his bare hands to make it in , but once they were inside , they saw light . 
 josh swore and laughed . 
 at the other end of the room , there was a massive crack in the hull . 
 it had let in a mountain of sand . 
 enough sand , in fact , to climb up . 
 he raced towards it . 
 it was only when he was halfway up that he realized mimi was n't following . 
 he turned around , his boots skidding in the sand as he lost the purchase his momentum had given him . 
 she was searching through the cargo , biting her lip as she concentrated . 
 `` what the heck are you doing ? '' 
 he called to her . 
 `` looking for my luggage . '' 
 `` are you serious ? 
 we need to get out of here . '' 
 `` hold on , i think i 've found it . 
 it 's just under this enormous chunk of metal . '' 
 `` mimi , get your ass over here now , '' he snapped at her . 
 `` do n't you jeopardize our lives just because you 're looking for your precious stuff . 
 your dad can replace whatever you 've lost . '' 
 she blinked at him , her surprise obvious . 
 `` i 'm just -- '' `` i said move , '' he snarled . 
 still clearly shocked , she made her way up the sand bank towards him . 
 she kept her distance though . 
 `` it figures someone like you would prioritize possessions over people , '' he said meanly . 
 `` why are you suddenly being so mean again ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` you just reminded me why i hate you ; you 're a spoilt brat . '' 
 `` do n't you think you 're overreacting ? 
 i just thought having luggage would be kind of useful considering we 're stuck on a desert planet a long way from home . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 you 've probably got your jewelry hoard in there or something . '' 
 `` do i look like the kind of person to wear enough jewelry to have a hoard of it , josh ? '' 
 `` shut up and keep walking , '' he snapped . 
 she fumed . 
 it had finally happened ; josh had turned mean again . 
 and she was right -- it had happened right when they 'd reached safety . 
 with the immediate threat over , he could default to being a prick once more . 
 she crossed her arms as she followed him up the sand drift , until finally they made it out into the light . 
 though there was a considerable lip of metal she had to scramble over in order to get out of the ship , josh did n't help her . 
 he marched ahead , slamming his hands on his hips as he stared at the landscape around them . 
 mimi eventually made it out and scrambled up the sand dune beside him . 
 she stared . 
 they were in a desert . 
 though the sun was starting to set , it was still remarkably warm . 
 `` oh my , '' she muttered under her breath as she looked up into the sky . 
 there were dual suns . 
 this really was n't earth . 
 suddenly she felt something to her side . 
 she looked down , confusion crumpling her brow . 
 an object burst from the sand next to her . 
 she screamed and threw herself to the side . 
 josh grabbed her protectively . 
 then they both watched in surprise as the object turned out to be a small subterranean drilling vehicle . 
 it protruded from the sand , the drilling mechanism on the nose winding down as a door was thrust open along the body . 
 a massive alien who had no right fitting into such a small vehicle pulled its way out . 
 mimi held onto josh fast . 
 the alien looked the both of them over , then tipped its head back and laughed . 
 it sounded like an engine roaring into orbit . 
 `` more survivors , '' it said , its voice a gravelly mix between boots crunching over rock and the deepest baritone you 've ever heard . 
 `` the captain said it was ready to salvage . 
 said all the crew was accounted for and had already been rescued . 
 guess he did n't count you guys as rescuable . 
 still , you got out just in time ; a few more minutes , and we would have torn that ship to shreds . '' 
 mimi gripped josh 's arm so hard it was a wonder she did n't break his bones . 
 he did n't push her off . 
 he did , however , shift to the side until he was in front of her . 
 `` where the hell is the captain ? '' 
 `` back in town . 
 it 's a two-hour walk that way . 
 or you could wait a bit , and i 'll give you a lift . '' 
 `` we 'll take the lift , '' josh said immediately . 
 `` wait , we will ? 
 no offense , sir , but how exactly are we going to fit inside that thing ? '' 
 she tried to be polite as she pointed to the very cramped drilling vehicle . 
 `` by squeezing in , '' the alien informed her with a chuckle . 
 `` oh my , okay . '' 
 mimi bit her lip . 
 `` plus , it 's preferable to walking out in these parts , ma’am -- there are sand wolves , salvagers , and brigands . '' 
 `` umm ... are n't you a salvager ? '' 
 mimi asked in a falsely light tone . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i am . 
 and i know how bad my kind can be . '' 
 `` that 's comforting . '' 
 though she was n't aware of it , mimi unconsciously shifted closer to josh . 
 he did n't tell her to get back . 
 because he was doing it again . 
 there was danger , and he was going into protection mode , dropping his usual attitude in favor of helping her out . 
 `` how long will you be ? '' 
 josh asked as he nodded towards the broken ship down the side of the sand dune . 
 `` an hour , max . 
 sit back and enjoy the show , humans . '' 
 with that , the alien saluted , squeezed himself back into his vehicle , somehow managed to close the door , and gunned the engine . 
 with a sound like a million swarming insects , the drill revved up , spinning so fast it became white hot . 
 then josh pulled her back as the vehicle tipped , slid down the sand , and plunged back into it . 
 she watched in astonishment as the broken transport suddenly lurched to the side , the sound of screeching metal filling the air . 
 out of the sand , she saw more drill vehicles as they rammed into the transport 's hull , eating into it as sparks escaped , dancing over the sand and leaving tiny swathes of singe marks . 
 once the drills heated up to a blistering red-white , they started to melt the metal of the hull . 
 as they did , great big pumps on either side of the drill head would suck in the molten metal , turn it into cubes , and spit it out onto the sand . 
 mimi had never seen a ship being salvaged , and it was an incredible sight to watch . 
 `` they 'll melt down everything -- from seats to the engine core -- and create matter blocks , '' josh suddenly explained as he shifted beside her and angled his head down to watch the show . 
 she was no longer holding onto his arm , even though she still rather wanted to . 
 `` the pumps on either side of the drill head have sophisticated matter filters , and can separate the different elements coming in . 
 they then fuse them together into easily transportable blocks and spit them out . '' 
 `` how do you know so much about salvaging ? '' 
 josh stiffened . 
 he did n't answer . 
 realizing she 'd crossed a line , she did n't push . 
 instead she turned back to the show . 
 she watched as the various drills burst out of the sand , attacking the downed ship in a coordinated fashion . 
 it was mesmerizing , and she was almost sorry when the show stopped . 
 no , scratch that -- she was sorry when the show stopped , because now she had to squeeze inside a tiny drill vessel with josh and a massive alien . 
 soon enough the alien parked his drill back on top of the dune and pushed open the hatch at the front . 
 `` all done , humans . 
 get in . '' 
 mimi made a face . 
 josh hissed at her not to be rude , then waved her forward . 
 somehow josh managed to leap up the distance between the top of the sand dune and the hatch , pulling himself into the small vehicle and arranging himself until he somehow looked comfortable . 
 mimi really did n't want to get in there . 
 `` hurry up , '' josh snapped at her . 
 `` but what about klutzo , i do n't think he can fit in ? '' 
 `` program him to fly behind us . 
 now hurry up ! '' 
 with a squeak , she moved . 
 in an uncoordinated manner , she somehow managed to pull her body into the tiny , cramped cockpit , practically rolling over the alien until she reached one of the walls . 
 she was lodged there , sandwiched between the metal , the alien 's back , and josh 's side . 
 she could only just breathe ; her face was so smooshed into the wall , her nose was crumpled . 
 `` comfortable ? '' 
 the alien asked . 
 `` ah , what am i sitting on ? '' 
 mimi tried to shift , but there was nowhere to move to . 
 `` my arm , '' josh announced as he tried to push her off . 
 eventually he managed to slide his arm out from underneath her , and stuck it behind the back of her neck instead . 
 there was literally nowhere else to put it apart from back under her butt . 
 she took a breath and tried to pretend this was n't as uncomfortable as it very much was . 
 she also tried to ignore the reassuring feel of josh so close . 
 without another word , the alien turned his salvage vessel back on , and a series of terrible tremors passed through the cockpit . 
 with her face squeezed up against the wall , she felt each shake rattle through her jaw . 
 then the drill shifted direction and slammed back into the sand . 
 mimi would have been thrown forward , but there was literally nowhere to go . 
 `` so , what brings you two out to this neck of the woods ? 
 honeymoon ? '' 
 the alien asked conversationally . 
 `` who would honeymoon on omacka ? '' 
 josh questioned with a chuckle . 
 `` ah , we are not married , '' mimi jumped in . 
 she swore josh shifted his head around to look at her . 
 she could n't look up to check , but she could feel his arm move behind her . 
 `` what , really ? 
 so when 's the happy date ? '' 
 the alien continued . 
 `` because , you know , we have some real cheap celebrants in town . 
 there 's even an ex cargo captain who 'll marry you for a bottle of space whiskey . '' 
 `` we are not getting married , '' mimi squeaked . 
 `` oh . 
 fair enough . 
 it 's not for everyone . 
 de facto relationships are just as rewarding , '' the alien chuckled . 
 `` what ? 
 no , we are n't -- '' mimi began . 
 `` what my girlfriend here is trying to say is that we 're very anti marriage . 
 we view it as nothing more than property exchange , '' josh cut in . 
 `` i hear you , i hear you , '' the salvager agreed . 
 mimi found the space to turn and stare at josh . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she mouthed . 
 despite the cramped quarters , he somehow still managed to look aloof . 
 `` trust me , '' he mouthed back . 
 she did not want to trust him , but when she opened her mouth to clarify the situation , josh deliberately banged her on the head with his arm . 
 `` so , what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked the alien . 
 `` hogartiynu ' tkauquo fok ' yaayayaya , '' the alien said . 
 `` i 'm going to call you hogart for short , then , '' josh said . 
 `` what are our chances of booking a transport off this planet ? '' 
 `` there 'll be a trader or two willing to take you in their cargo ships , '' hogart said jovially . 
 `` cargo ships ... '' josh swallowed through a laugh . 
 `` not exactly the most comfortable transports . '' 
 `` anything 's got to be better than that damn class y tug , '' mimi interrupted . 
 josh looked at her and slowly raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what about a class omega transport ? '' 
 `` that 's not a thing ... is it ? '' 
 he nodded knowingly . 
 she pressed her lips into a line and groaned . 
 `` so , what are your names ? '' 
 hogart asked . 
 `` josh and claire , '' josh answered quickly . 
 claire ? 
 did she look like a claire ? 
 `` you know , claire , you look kind of familiar , '' hogart pointed out . 
 `` she gets that a lot . 
 she just has one of those faces , i guess , '' josh said with a chuckle . 
 `` nah , it 's more than that , '' hogart continued . 
 `` you look like ... it 's on the tip of my tongue ... ah yeah , mimi chester . 
 which is kind of a coincidence , considering she was on the passenger manifest for that transport -- but you said your name is claire , right ? '' 
 josh acted . 
 without another word from the alien , josh flung himself forward and wrapped his arms around the guy 's massive green throat . 
 mimi screamed . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` he 's trying to kidnap you , idiot . 
 salvagers do n't just go after downed ships , '' josh stuttered through breaths . 
 hogart was thrashing around , trying to get to the stun gun at his side . 
 but josh was somehow stronger . 
 despite the fact he was n't in armor , and the alien was easily three times bigger than him and a heck of a lot fleshier , josh kept his grip around the guy 's neck . 
 hogart tried to ram josh against the wall , but josh took the blows . 
 through it all , mimi was pressed up against the back of the cockpit , her hands over her head . 
 then there was a clatter . 
 the gun . 
 she forced her eyes open , and flung herself forward , grabbing the gun just before the alien could reach for it with one of his massive hands . 
 though she got the gun , the alien grabbed her arm . 
 his grip was crippling , his fingers digging into her flesh like vises . 
 just as hogart squeezed hard enough to break her arm , she managed to squeeze off a shot . 
 she expected a standard pulse beam to slice out of the gun and into the alien . 
 that is not what happened . 
 instead , a bullet bounced out of the chamber . 
 one that proceeded to bounce around the cockpit like a pinball attached to a rocket . 
 `` no , '' josh screamed as he barreled into her , knocked the gun from her hand , and slammed her against the only patch of floor . 
 he protected her with the bulk of his form , wrapping his arms around her head . 
 there was an unholy noise as the bullet kept ricocheting off the walls . 
 a couple of times , it hit her in the leg and arm . 
 it did n't kill her though , nor did it stun her -- it simply rammed into her with all the , well , force of a speeding ball of metal . 
 despite the fact she was hit , josh was hit more ; she could feel the ball impacting his back . 
 neither of them suffered as bad as hogart . 
 with his sheer size , there was no getting away from the bullet . 
 eventually she could feel him slump forward , and about a half minute later , the ball stopped . 
 clanging into the wall with one final thrust before falling to the floor , its momentum was spent . 
 josh pulled himself up . 
 she had no idea what had just happened . 
 without a groan , josh thrust forward , checked hogart was down , and leaned past his massive form to access the navigation panel . 
 with a few typed commands , the drill reversed direction and soon burst out of the sand . 
 before the drill died down , josh kicked open the hatch door , and proceeded to shove hogart out . 
 mimi was still speechless . 
 `` a hand would be nice , '' josh groaned as he pushed his shoulder into hogart and hefted the guy towards the hatch . 
 mimi did n't move . 
 with one last groan , josh shoved the alien out of the hatch . 
 the massive guy fell onto the sand , where his body proceeded to sink about 30 centimeters before stopping with a soft scattering sound . 
 `` what ... what ... '' she tried to speak . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 josh jumped down from the hatch to check on hogart . 
 `` you fired a bruiser in a confined space . 
 you could have killed us both . '' 
 `` bruiser ? '' 
 she stuttered as she staggered out of the digger , falling to her knees and sinking into the sand . 
 `` that bullet . 
 it sends a ball of metal hurtling around a room until the thing runs out of momentum . 
 it 's called a bruiser , because that 's what it leaves . 
 it 's a great way of clearing a room full of enemies . 
 it is , however , the last thing you should fire in closed confines . '' 
 he looked at her very sternly , but she was still too shocked to care . 
 with a pathetic sound , she brought her hand up and checked her arm and leg . 
 they felt bruised alright . 
 `` do n't whimper , it ca n't be that bad , '' josh admonished her , `` i took most of the blows . 
 well , the ones our friend here did n't take . '' 
 josh motioned to hogart with the tip of his boot . 
 `` ... thanks , '' she forced herself to say . 
 `` yeah , i should imagine you 're thankful . 
 without me , you would have been kidnapped . '' 
 mimi felt cold . 
 she shivered , despite the heat . 
 `` but ... hogart seemed so nice to begin with . 
 and you trusted him enough to let us ride with him . '' 
 josh 's left eyebrow kinked up . 
 he was clearly amused . 
 `` trusted him ? 
 i never trusted him . 
 i kind of figured this would happen , '' josh admitted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it was always a possibility . '' 
 `` so why did you let us get on board ? '' 
 josh shrugged . 
 `` i figured i could take him if anything happened , then we could take his vessel . '' 
 `` but , but -- '' `` taking our chances with him was preferable to trundling through the desert , trust me on that . 
 now get back in . '' 
 he motioned to the digger with a flick of his head . 
 `` we want to make it to the city before dark . '' 
 mimi was flabbergasted . 
 `` mimi , please just get back in here . '' 
 though she wanted to turn on her heel and walk away , she found herself boarding the sand driller instead . 
 she did shoot him a very peeved look as she sat down and crossed her arms . 
 `` you know , that look really suits you ; it brings out the purple tones of your spray-on skin , '' josh quipped . 
 `` you know , i do n't get you , special commander . '' 
 `` what 's not to get ? '' 
 he did n't bother turning to her as he sat in the command seat and manipulated the driller 's controls . 
 `` one minute you go from the galaxy 's greatest prick to being almost kind and sweet . '' 
 josh spluttered . 
 `` kind and sweet ? 
 trust me , i have never been kind and sweet to you , and i never will . 
 now sit down and shut up ; i want to make it to the city as quickly as we can . '' 
 `` what do we do when we 're there ? '' 
 `` stick together , watch each other 's backs , and pray hogart does n't have a brother . '' 
 stick together ? 
 did josh actually mean that ? 
 or was he going to do it again ? 
 get them both out of trouble , then return to being a world-class meany ? 
 ... it took about 20 minutes to make it to the city . 
 mimi was quiet throughout the trip . 
 though a part of him wanted to check on any bruises she 'd sustained , that part was quickly quashed . 
 she was starting to irritate him again , which was surprising considering she was n't doing anything . 
 it was her mere presence , her very existence . 
 she stood for everything he loathed , all wrapped up into one mouthy little package . 
 the sooner they got off this planet the better . 
 maybe she was smart enough to tell he was cooling towards her again , because she shifted away from him and stared out the tiny cockpit window . 
 it showed a constant view of churning sand . 
 it was black until the particles of fine sand hit the windscreen and reflected the light from within . 
 then you could see the yellows and golds and pale oranges . 
 it could have been pretty , but he was too distracted to tell . 
 something was bothering him . 
 it was her . 
 again . 
 with time enough to pause , he was thinking , and he remembered in short order how this was all her fault . 
 she 'd dallied in the cargo bay , looking for her stuff , and it could have cost them their lives . 
 a few minutes later and the ship would have been torn to shreds . 
 she 'd also been dumb enough to fire that bruiser bullet , and his back was killing him . 
 it felt like a horse had done a tango on it . 
 what else ? 
 oh yeah , there was the little fact that he kept having to look after her . 
 he would n't be in this situation if hogart had n't tried to kidnap her . 
 as the minutes ticked on by , his mood became darker and darker . 
 by the time they arrived in the city , if she so much as breathed too loud , he shouted at her . 
 a part of josh realized his behavior was way out of line . 
 not only was it entirely inappropriate for a coalition officer , but it was just wrong . 
 she 'd had a tough day , and he was adding to it . 
 his anger was n't ready to listen to reason though , so when he kicked open the hatch door , he did n't bother to give her a hand as he jumped onto the ground . 
 instead he watched her practically fall out of the hatch , and he offered nothing but a snigger . 
 `` right . '' 
 without bothering to explain anything to her , he turned on his heel and marched forward . 
 he 'd parked his driller on the outskirts of town , but it did n't take long to make their way to the packed center of the city . 
 there were so many various aliens around , it was practically a mob . 
 while he was okay to stride ahead , pushing his way through the various alien bodies , mimi was having a much harder time . 
 she kept getting stepped on or elbowed in the face . 
 when they 'd reached the city , the aptly named klutzo had finally caught up to them . 
 he 'd done it in style by flying straight into the side of a building before reorienting and zooming up to mimi . 
 she 'd been clutching him protectively ever since , wrapping her arms around the recording ball as if it was somehow more important than protecting her own face . 
 `` wait , hold up a sec , '' mimi said as she tried to make her way around a massive alien with a face like a bull . 
 josh ignored her . 
 `` seriously , just hold on so i can catch up . '' 
 `` look , '' he stopped abruptly and turned to her , `` i only agreed to look after you if you could keep up . 
 so keep up . '' 
 he turned to march away . 
 she latched a hand on his arm . 
 `` wait , i thought we agreed to stick together so we could watch each other 's backs ? 
 that 's what you said in the driller . '' 
 he looked at her hand pointedly , but she would n't move it . 
 he was rapidly learning mimi chester was dogged . 
 more dogged than he was , and that was saying something . 
 `` seriously , just slow down a little . 
 that way we can watch each other 's backs . '' 
 he could n't help it -- he snorted so loud it sounded like his nose collapsed . 
 `` you think i need you to watch my back ? 
 you 're delusional . 
 i guess the cadets were right . 
 now keep up . '' 
 she removed her hand from his arm . 
 it was n't a strong move , though ; she let it drop to her side weakly . 
 her expression also changed , her usually bright and cheery smile faltering . 
 if josh had an ounce of empathy , he would realize he 'd crossed a line . 
 compassion was n't his forte , though -- fighting was . 
 whether on the battlefield or with irritating daddy 's girls like mimi chester . 
 so josh did n't stop . 
 he kept crossing the line : `` the only reason i 'm letting you tag along is that you 're a risk to yourself . 
 if anyone else finds out who you are , you 'll get kidnapped . 
 and we ca n't disappoint theodore chester , can we ? 
 that 's the only reason anyone is ever going to give a hoot about you , mimi ; you have a famous father . 
 i only told you that stuff about sticking together and watching each other 's backs so you did n't argue . 
 you were dumb enough to believe it . 
 what , you think i actually need someone like you watching my back ? 
 you will only ever get people killed , like lilly williams , '' josh spat . 
 he watched her smile fall from her lips as her cheeks paled with some mix of disappointment and shame . 
 if he were a nicer guy , he 'd stop . 
 instead he gave a sharp chuckle ; it felt pretty darn good to wipe the ever-present smile from mimi chester 's lips . 
 without another word , he turned on his heel and kept marching forward . 
 if he 'd been cognizant of anything save for his own success at putting her down , he 'd have realized she was n't following him anymore . 
 in fact , mimi had turned away to forge her own path through the crowd . 
 chapter 11 she was done with him . 
 her worst fears had been confirmed : josh was cruel . 
 she could forgive his history -- she understood some people came from troubled backgrounds , and you had to cut them slack . 
 but she could never forgive cruelty -- that little glint of satisfaction in his eyes whenever he insulted or belittled her . 
 she did n't want to travel with him , even if he was the only `` friendly '' face in this crowd . 
 she 'd have to head out on her own and try to find a transport off this planet . 
 though she was apprehensive of the task ahead , she was n't scared . 
 she 'd always been taught that fear hid the best things in life . 
 to succeed , you had to leverage loss against gain . 
 if that meant striking out on her own on an unfamiliar and potentially hostile alien planet , so be it . 
 but if she was lucky and diligent , she could turn this into an opportunity : a planet like this would be full of stories just waiting to be told . 
 she was n't about to walk up to the first dodgy looking dude she saw to ask him if he had any juicy goss ; she was n't that stupid . 
 though she hated to admit it , josh was right : if any more people found out who she was , she would be a target . 
 but he was forgetting something -- she 'd lived with that fact her whole life . 
 she knew how to handle herself . 
 she knew how to keep a low profile . 
 okay , so hogart had been a bit of a surprise , but she had n't had klutzo with her then . 
 you see , in a pinch , klutzo could turn into a security drone . 
 not many people knew that -- her father had designed the orb himself , and had ensured it had enough shielding in place to pass as an ordinary journo ball . 
 but the point was , now klutzo was back with her , she was safe again . 
 so as she walked forward , she was sure to keep him close . 
 she did n't need a guy like josh ; she could do this herself . 
 ... it took him too long to realize she was n't following anymore . 
 it took him even longer to realize she had n't tripped over or lagged behind . 
 she 'd wandered off . 
 when he realized that , he flipped out . 
 in that single instant mimi managed to confirm every suspicion he had about her ; only an arrogant idiot who relied on other people to fix her problems would do something like this . 
 his very first instinct was to leave her . 
 she deserved whatever was coming . 
 if she was foolish enough to think she could make it alone on a planet like this , she might as well be taken out of the gene pool . 
 okay , that sounded kind of harsh . 
 and as soon as he thought it , josh realized it was the old him thinking . 
 still , the very fact she could nick off on her own meant she either wildly overestimated her own abilities or underestimated the enthusiasm of criminals to kidnap high fliers . 
 every two-bit pirate on this planet would give his left arm for the daughter of theodore chester . 
 and they 'd gladly lop off both her arms if required . 
 back when josh had been a smuggler and pirate himself , he would have given anything for a target like mimi . 
 she could be ransomed for a fortune . 
 then again , now that he knew how annoying she was , maybe she would n't be worth the effort . 
 the goons in the throng around him would n't share his same compunctions . 
 if mimi got too rowdy for them , they 'd knock her out . 
 if she talked too much and started asking inconvenient questions , they 'd just cut her tongue off . 
 so , despite the fact he really wanted to leave her so she 'd learn her lesson , he knew he could n't . 
 he had a duty as a coalition officer . 
 chester enterprises , or ce for short , was one of the academy 's biggest contractors . 
 their r and d division was responsible for all the coolest new tech . 
 to get theodore chester offside would be suicide for josh 's career . 
 `` you owe me , mimi , '' he muttered to himself as he turned around , searching for her through the crowd . 
 he was glad of her plain clothes -- she 'd stick out like a daisy in an oilfield . 
 everyone around him was dressed in the usual mashed up style of pirates , drifters , and vagabonds . 
 from stained leather vests adorned with broken devices , to necklaces made out of salvaged pulse fuses -- there was n't a simple tunic and pants in sight . 
 drawing his hands into fists and setting his jaw into a hard line , he pushed through the crowd . 
 she 'd be sorry if he could n't get to her in time . 
 then again , she 'd be sorry when he did find her ; he was going to give her hell . 
 ... the secret of fitting into a place like this was to get the right set of clothes . 
 she stuck out like a sore thumb in her tunic and pants . 
 so the very first thing she did was grab a whole bunch of junk she saw on the side of the street and cobble together a costume . 
 under klutzo 's instruction , she managed to make an outfit fitting of a planet like this : a vest fashioned from a piece of stinky leather ripped off an old flight seat , pants sewn together from scraps of flexi-metal , and a necklace of discarded gun batteries . 
 it was very cool , but very smelly . 
 she also changed her hair . 
 with liberal use of engine grease , she made a mohawk on one side , and let it lie loose on the other . 
 it looked like a frozen wave ready to crash on her scalp . 
 now she was dressed , she was getting fewer and fewer stares , and with klutzo 's help , managed to navigate to the less seedy areas of town . 
 `` right , '' she mumbled under her breath , `` time to get out of here . '' 
 she 'd already figured out that the best and only way off this rust bucket of a planet was to assume a false identity . 
 one more mention of her real name and things could get messy . 
 to get a false identity , she 'd have to get somewhere quiet enough so klutzo could reprogram her chip . 
 embedded in her sternum from birth , her identity microchip could be used by anyone with the correct scanner to ascertain her name and other pertinent information . 
 but given time , klutzo would be able to alter it so it told the galaxy she was someone else . 
 you were n't meant to be able to reprogram identity chips -- in fact , it was very , very illegal . 
 it was also technically tricky . 
 klutzo could do it though -- just another feature her father had built into its operating system . 
 if the academy ever realized what klutzo could do , she 'd be in serious trouble . 
 then again , they 'd probably turn right around and order a bunch for themselves . 
 an undetectable security drone always had its uses . 
 while klutzo was -- as the name suggested -- a total klutz most of the time , his security program was unaffected . 
 if he needed to , he 'd transform from a cutey always banging into walls and muttering an electronic sorry , to a top class armored drone ready to chase down even the most agile of enemies . 
 if she 'd had him inside the driller , things would have gone differently . 
 then again , it was probably a good idea that josh had n't seen klutzo 's true abilities ; josh would have ratted on her to the academy for sure . 
 despite the fact he clearly had a litany of crimes hiding in his closet , he struck her as the kind of guy to take glee in getting someone else in trouble . 
 now mimi was ready , she needed to find a ticket out of here . 
 even with her identity chip reprogramed and her disguise in place , she could n't be confident she would n't be recognized . 
 she could run into some of the other passengers on the ship . 
 or , for all she knew , the inhabitants of this god awful planet could deliberately keep astride of all matters relating to the richest folk in the galaxy , including the exact identities of their kids . 
 she had to be careful . 
 so , with that mantra playing on her lips , she travelled to the very edge of town . 
 this far out , the cramped buildings of the inner city thinned . 
 the rusted metal towers got shorter and shorter , until only a few squat buildings remained right on the edge of the city . 
 in the distance , the desert was a strike of yellow-gold along the horizon . 
 even as she walked through the streets she could feel the crunch of sand under her feet . 
 it was hotter too , though a chill late-evening breeze was starting to make her cheeks tingle and her arms shiver . 
 `` if we continue on for two more blocks , we will reach the very edge of the populace , '' klutzo informed her . 
 he was speaking in full sentences , which was a good sign . 
 his ordinary operating system had been wiped so many times it was a wonder he did n't slur and dribble . 
 it was also an indication that , in part , his security program had kicked in . 
 in fact , it had likely initiated back when the transport had crashed . 
 while klutzo could technically have easily gotten her and josh out of the belly of that broken ship , he would have only done it if absolutely necessary . 
 to reveal his true identity prematurely could get mimi in a lot of trouble . 
 `` why would we want to get all the way to the edge of the city ? '' 
 mimi asked , careful to keep her voice low so she did n't disturb any of the few people she passed . 
 then again , her soft voice was unlikely to disturb anyone in these parts -- a hit to the head with a sledgehammer likely would n't disturb these guys . 
 `` so we can find transportation to cross it , '' klutzo now informed her . 
 `` wait ... what ? 
 when were you going to tell me this ? 
 i thought the plan was to find transport off this planet , not around it ? '' 
 `` i have altered my plan . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` ... i do not believe it is safe to procure interstellar transport in this city . 
 having observed everyone i have passed , i can confirm they are all unsavory characters . '' 
 `` ... yeah . 
 but how is it safer to travel across the freaking desert ? 
 i mean , we were just out there . 
 it 's not a nice place . 
 and apparently temperatures can get as high as 100 degrees during the day , and as low as minus 50 at night , '' she pointed out with a frightened squeak . 
 `` though the terrain may be extreme , i have calculated it is less likely to kill us . '' 
 `` you might be able to survive that , buddy , but i sure as hell ca n't . '' 
 `` i will procure us a shielded sand slider . 
 if it fails , i 'll fix it , '' he stated flatly . 
 though her mouth was open as she readied another protest , her lips slowly pressed together . 
 she was forgetting something , was n't she ? 
 klutzo would be better at reading this situation than she was ; her father had programmed him to be one of the best security drones on the market . 
 even if technically he was n't on the market , and he was a one-off piece . 
 still , the point stood : she should n't second-guess him . 
 she should do exactly as he said , even if , on the face of it , going into the desert sounded like suicide . 
 though it was hard , she took a breath , squeezed her lips and cheeks together in a wince , and nodded . 
 `` okay , say i believe you , and going into the desert really is our best option -- how the heck are we going to procure a sand slider ? '' 
 `` we will procure one , '' he answered . 
 `` yeah , that does n't answer my question . 
 you mean steal , do n't you ? '' 
 klutzo became conspicuously silent . 
 mimi blew a frustrated breath of air through her puckered lips and winced once more . 
 so much for finding a story on this planet ; soon , she was going to become the story . 
 the galactic headlines would read : daughter of renowned inventor and businessman , theodore francis chester iii , steals sand slider off pirates while dressed as a punk . 
 yeah , that would be a great way to start her career , or rather end it before it had even begun . 
 `` trust me , mimi ; i 'm programmed to do this . '' 
 again she winced , though it was a lighter move . 
 trust him ? 
 could she do that ? 
 yeah , she could . 
 because there was no one else . 
 for a long time now , it had just been him and her . 
 her so-called friends had abandoned her years ago , and even if they had n't , they were n't on this planet . 
 the only person she knew here was josh cook , and she 'd rather stab herself in the eye with a fuse than trust that guy . 
 so mimi nodded . 
 `` i trust you . '' 
 `` then follow me . '' 
 with dusk giving way to a dark night , the desert beyond the city looked like so many piles of shadows . 
 above , a swathe of glittering stars sparkled , but their light could not penetrate the murk . 
 with that much darkness , who knew what secrets lay hidden amongst the dunes and lonely rocky ranges . 
 chapter 12 where the hell had she gotten to ? 
 he was starting to get worried now . 
 not for her safety , but for his . 
 if word spread that he abandoned the daughter of theodore chester on a hostile planet , he 'd be a goner . 
 his hands were slicked with sweat , and the damn stuff was pooling between his shoulder blades , making his top stick to his skin . 
 even though night had set in , and that familiar icy cold you always found in deserts like this ate into his exposed skin , nothing dried the sweat . 
 he was nervous . 
 he 'd given up a lot to get to where he was now , and he was n't going to lose it on a girl like her . 
 a while ago he 'd ditched his casual clothes for something more fitting : a vest , pants , a top , and heavy desert boots . 
 oh , and guns . 
 lots of guns . 
 as a special commander , he had access to an unlimited supply of coalition credits , meaning he could buy his way out of any problem , if it came to that . 
 okay , it did n't work that way -- the credits were there when he needed emergency supplies or transport -- but sometimes it felt like he 'd been given a blank check , as the old humans used to say . 
 he had an unlimited credit chip in his pocket , and today it had come in real handy . 
 he had a desert rifle strapped to his back , and two short-range rock razors on his hips . 
 both types of guns were optimized to work on planets like this . 
 from the heat to the constant abrasive sand , they were designed to last for years , with proper care . 
 he 'd also invested in a scanner . 
 a certain type of illegal scanner . 
 or at least illegal if you did n't work for the coalition army . 
 strapped to his wrist was a gene tracker . 
 give it the right data , and it could track someone for thousands of kilometers . 
 while it was a crime for an ordinary punter to procure one , they were used in the academy and the army , but even then you had to justify their use . 
 well , he was a special commander , and the word `` special '' was there for a reason . 
 not only would the coalition not give a hoot that he bought one , they 'd probably never question what he used it for . 
 he had a lot of freedom , but it came with a lot of responsibility . 
 `` you better not have wandered far , '' he muttered under his breath . 
 he 'd been repeating that same statement for about a half hour now . 
 he still had n't found her , though , hence the sweaty fingers . 
 gripping his chin and letting his dirty fingers dig into his stubble , he shifted his jaw from side to side as he tried to eke out the tension . 
 it did n't work . 
 only getting off this hellhole would . 
 he tried to manipulate the scanner as he walked . 
 it was tricky -- considering it was a sophisticated piece of equipment -- but he managed it . 
 it was n't too hard to find a few fragments of mimi 's dna -- she 'd grabbed his arm just before wandering off , and this scanner was sophisticated enough to detect whatever minute fractions of skin cells she 'd left behind . 
 it took all of half a minute to confirm the dna had to be hers ; it was human , and apart from him , she was the only human he 'd come across . 
 he started to follow , keeping the scanner held close to his chest so he could hide it with the bulk of his sleeve . 
 it was an expensive piece of equipment , and he would n't put it past some random alien to make a grab for it . 
 nor would he put it past the guy who sold it to him to try to nick it back . 
 when josh had crash-landed on a planet like this 7 years ago , he 'd run the same scheme . 
 he 'd sold sophisticated tech to the dull-witted , then stolen it back , ensuring a steady stream of income without the bother of having to procure more stock . 
 the memory made him smile , then he caught himself -- he was a different man now . 
 god dammit , he was a different man . 
 ideally a dna scanner could be used to track a laced target . 
 you 'd get close to your prey in a bar or transport station , sidle up to them , and bump into their arm or neck , transferring a sophisticated but undetectable chemical tracer onto their skin . 
 the dna scanner would use the tracer to keep a lock on the target for up to hundreds of kilometers , depending on the terrain . 
 he had n't laced mimi , so his only hope was to carefully retrace her steps using the weak dna signature the scanner was picking up . 
 tracing whatever tiny fractions of skin or hair she 'd left behind as she 'd travelled through this city , the dna scanner could ascertain her path , but only within a few meters . 
 josh hated slow work . 
 he lived for action , not details , and work like this had to be damn precise . 
 if he hurried ahead , the scanner could lose its link , and he 'd have to search for it again . 
 when you thought about it , it was trying to sift through the enormous mountain of dna in this city -- from live beings to dead hair cells -- to zero in on one target . 
 the more he walked , the further his brow compressed , as the irritation of having to track mimi flickered into worry . 
 his path was taking him to the outskirts of town . 
 when she 'd first wandered off , he 'd assumed she 'd be dumb enough to walk up to the first rickety old transport hub she saw and try to buy a lift off this planet . 
 all the transport hubs were in the center of town . 
 the only thing on the outskirts of this trash heap of a city was sand . 
 sand and the kind of pirates desperate enough to try to make a living off the desert . 
 over the thousands of years of space travel the milky way had seen , there 'd been untold accidents . 
 for every successful space voyage -- especially in the early days -- there were ten or so disasters . 
 space , after all , was an exceedingly dangerous place . 
 if the temperature did n't kill you , the vacuum would . 
 so planets like this were littered with junk . 
 from transport carcasses to old cargo satellites , if you were brave enough to face the desert , it could be a rewarding place . 
 or it could kill you . 
 the extra fine particles of sand on this planet were known to clog guns , stuff up scanners , and kill engines . 
 they were also known to cut people to death if the winds picked up . 
 `` where the hell are you ? '' 
 josh asked under his breath as his heart skipped a few beats . 
 turning around a corner , he faced the last few buildings right at the edge of the city . 
 beyond was nothing but sand . 
 though it was dark , he could see the dunes connected together like mountain ranges . 
 mountain ranges that could change in a night if the wind took to them . 
 he sucked in a calming breath . 
 it did n't work . 
 it made him tenser . 
 either the scanner was wrong , or mimi had ... what ? 
 gone back into the desert ? 
 he liked to think she was stupid , but he had to admit this was insane even for her . 
 she may not have finished her tenure at the academy , but surely she 'd managed to figure out that deserts like this one could kill you . 
 they were n't pleasant places for midnight strolls ; they were death wrapped in sand , wind , and heat . 
 `` looking for someone ? '' 
 josh jolted as surprise ripped through him . 
 he 'd been so transfixed on the scanner and mimi 's possible whereabouts that he had n't been paying attention to his surroundings . 
 big mistake . 
 a planet like this was full of desperate brutal people just waiting for a chance to kill you if it could earn them a buck or two . 
 thankfully josh was n't immediately shot down in a hail of bright white laser fire . 
 instead , a small figure pulled itself out of the shadows of a low building to his left . 
 josh did n't jump for joy , thinking it was mimi . 
 while the size was right , the voice was n't . 
 unless she 'd done nothing but drink space whiskey for the past four hours while trying her hand at slitting her own throat , it was n't her . 
 sure enough , as the figure resolved out of the darkness , he saw it was an arkba -- a short but lithe alien from the arkba crescent -- a system a long way from here . 
 arkbas had a reputation for creating trouble . 
 not ordinary trouble , though . 
 they did n't go into bars and punch the first pirate they saw -- they just ... started things . 
 they enjoyed mischief . 
 they liked setting in motion unstoppable events , kicking back , and watching the show . 
 `` looking for someone ? '' 
 the alien licked its chin . 
 it had a long black tongue with a red tip , which it constantly used to moisten the sense organ protruding from its chin . 
 unlike humans , arkba 's had a third eye -- one lodged into their jaw . 
 it was pretty disgusting , or at least it would be if josh had n't seen worse . 
 `` i ca n't say i am , no , '' josh answered . 
 he was lying , but he was n't about to engage an arkba in conversation . 
 either the guy would try to sell him a faulty cruiser stolen from a pirate king , or he 'd find some other way of embroiling josh in trouble . 
 and josh already had plenty of trouble as it was without adding to it . 
 `` human is looking for someone , because someone was looking for human . '' 
 though he tried to hide it , josh stiffened . 
 mimi ? 
 the arkba licked his third eye again . 
 he had green scaly skin with deep purple hands and feet . 
 now , as he likely sensed josh 's tension , he shuffled forward a few steps . 
 the alien came into a shaft of light reflecting from a building to his right . 
 he was naked -- like all arkbas -- except for a top pulled over his torso . 
 mimi 's top , to be exact . 
 josh did n't need his dna scanner to blip excitedly -- he recognized it on his own . 
 his heart tumbled into his chest , as if someone had shaken it loose from his rib cage . 
 `` human interested . 
 i see human interested . '' 
 the alien 's third eye shifted back and forth as it surveyed josh . 
 `` now , want to know other human 's whereabouts ? '' 
 josh tried to think quickly . 
 the arkba had mimi 's top . 
 it was clear it had come in contact with her . 
 did it know who she was ? 
 had it run a simple identity scan to confirm she was the only child of theodore chester ? 
 was it about to bargain for her release ? 
 though josh 's heart kept pounding in his ears , he realized it was unlikely the arkba had kidnapped her . 
 while they loved to start trouble , they were never that direct . 
 `` human not want to know where other human is ? 
 no worries . 
 i 'll tell pirates instead . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 josh put up his hand , his fingers so stiff they could snap right off . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 he watched a slow smile spread across the arkba 's purple lips . 
 `` desert . '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` desert . 
 bought a sand slider and a story and left 20 minutes ago . '' 
 `` ... what ? 
 what do you mean she bought a sand slider and a story ? '' 
 `` watched her as she sat at bar . '' 
 the arkba gestured behind josh to a rundown building that was no doubt the local watering hole . 
 one of the many local watering holes . 
 on a planet like this , there was a bar for every house . 
 though there 'd be sand in your drink , you 'd ignore it for the chance to imbibe your worries away . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` she listened as pirates talked about the black mass. '' `` black mass ? '' 
 the arkba 's third eye glittered , catching the light coming in from the buildings and looking like a ruby lodged in its chin . 
 `` myth . 
 story . 
 legend . 
 lost ship from first age . '' 
 the first age was a term certain alien races used for the first wave of space travel throughout the milky way . 
 though there were a lot of quality archaeological studies pertaining to the first spacefaring races , the myths outweighed the facts by far . 
 the stories told of technology beyond the modern age , of unlimited sources of power -- of mysteries and riches that would make a pirate or a down-on-his-luck goon drop everything and wander into a desert on the slim chance of striking the mother load . 
 considering his history , josh had heard his fair share of first-age tales . 
 would mimi have been dumb enough to believe in one , though ? 
 `` human female listened to story , then asked pirates where she could buy a sand slider . '' 
 josh swallowed . 
 he could just imagine what happened next -- the pirates would have taken one look at her , realized she was a hilariously easy target , and kidnapped her . 
 `` human female bargained hard , got sand slider at good price , bought supplies , fixed stylish hair , and left into the night , '' the arkba finished . 
 josh choked . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` good hair . 
 arkba impressed . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no , you said she bargained for a slider and went into the desert ? 
 why did n't the pirates ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` human female hard bargainer -- pirates respect that . '' 
 josh was dumbstruck . 
 then he shook his head . 
 `` we must be talking about different people . '' 
 `` only human female in city . 
 must be talking about same person . 
 small , like akbar , brown hair like wet rock , blue eyes like plasma exhaust , fat cheeks like kandor apples . '' 
 josh 's stomach sank . 
 that was mimi , alright . 
 `` and mohawk like pirate king . '' 
 `` ... ahhh , what ? '' 
 `` mohawk also win pirates ' respect . 
 now , human , you want to buy sand slider to go after her ? '' 
 josh did n't respond . 
 `` or does human still not believe ? 
 well , human , use prohibited dna scanner to search and confirm . '' 
 with a nod like a loose spring , the arkba stepped graciously out of josh 's way and gestured to the desert beyond . 
 josh reluctantly pulled up his scanner and set it to search for mimi again . 
 ... . 
 it soon confirmed that , indeed , her signal continued on into the desert . 
 a cold wind started to blow , that , or it just felt like something chilled josh to the bones . 
 `` arkba sell human sand slider at good price . 
 human go after other human and ... all will be good . '' 
 josh clenched his jaw . 
 this was bad . 
 everything about this was bad . 
 he was clearly being led into some kind of trap by the arkba , but what choice did he have ? 
 if mimi had been foolish enough to head into the desert in the middle of the freaking night , he had to follow her . 
 she had an hour max before she crashed her sand slider and froze to death . 
 `` good price , human . 
 just want to help , human , so arkba give him bargain deal . '' 
 josh found himself nodding . 
 the arkba smiled and led josh forward . 
 out in the desert the night wolves howled , and as the wind picked up , those super fine particles of dust started to scratch their way into the city . 
 while the breeze and its cutting edge was an irritation to the populace , it would be nothing compared to the roaring winds of the desert . 
 unshielded , a person could be cut to death in seconds . 
 and even if the sand did n't get you , the pirates or creatures of the night would . 
 chapter 13 `` this is insane , '' mimi said for the hundredth time . 
 `` you are in no immediate danger , '' klutzo assured her . 
 `` apart from falling off this rust bucket , or being eaten by night wolves , or the shields failing and being cut to death by the wind . 
 yeah , sure , this is entirely safe ! '' 
 `` i have ascertained that this rust bucket will continue to operate with minimal maintenance for the next two days . 
 we are shielded from the sand , the wind , and the wolves . 
 you are safe . '' 
 mimi did n't reply , instead she held onto the rails with white knuckles and sweaty palms . 
 a sand slider was a mad contraption . 
 as far as she could ascertain , it was a flat oblong disk with a couple of reconfigured cruiser engines strapped to the back and a layer of inertia-free -- one of the slipperiest compounds in the galaxy -- whacked on the bottom . 
 it was unruly , it was fast , and it made her want to hurl . 
 it was shielded , thankfully . 
 if you travelled this fast in a desert without any kind of barrier between you and the razor-sharp sand , you 'd end up as dust yourself in all of about five seconds . 
 there was barely any suspension , however , and she felt every bump , rattle , and jolt right in her bones . 
 it reminded her of the transport 's crash landing . 
 except this time if she fell , there 'd be no special commander cook to catch her . 
 which was a good thing , right ? 
 even though she kept trying to convince herself she 'd done the right thing by leaving him behind , she had a niggling suspicion she should have stuck with him . 
 he , presumably , would n't have taken her into the desert on a sand slider . 
 then again , he 'd have taken every opportunity to put her down , and she did n't need that . 
 `` i 'm better off without him , '' she concluded suddenly . 
 `` i assume you 're talking about special commander joshua cook , '' klutzo said . 
 he sure was a lot sharper when he was in security mode . 
 ordinary klutzo would n't have understood what she was talking about , because ordinary klutzo would have been too busy banging into walls . 
 she pressed her lips together and felt her cheeks warm for some reason . 
 `` i am incapable of agreeing or disagreeing ; joshua cook is hard to predict . 
 he is easily one of the strangest coalition officers this security unit has come across , '' klutzo announced . 
 he always referred to himself as `` this security unit '' when he was in protection mode . 
 `` strange ? 
 what do you mean strange ? 
 he 's mean , rude , and cruel . '' 
 `` by strange i mean out of the ordinary . 
 there is only one other coalition officer this unit has come across like special commander cook . '' 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 `` galactic hero captain bob , '' klutzo announced . 
 mimi snorted , then she shot klutzo a worried glance . 
 `` ah , klutzo , he 's a fictional character . 
 he 's not real . '' 
 `` this unit understands that . 
 however this unit can still draw parallels between galactic hero bob 's history and mannerisms and that of joshua cook . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they are both bad boys with checkered pasts who have had to assume responsibilities . '' 
 `` ... did you just refer to josh as a bad boy ? '' 
 `` it is the correct vernacular . 
 it also fits him , would n't you agree ? '' 
 mimi pressed the back of her hand into her mouth and laughed . 
 it started off a little like a giggle , but she quickly turned it into a snort . 
 `` um , no , i do n't agree . 
 he 's not a bad boy -- he 's nasty and he 's an idiot . '' 
 though mimi usually did n't like referring to people as smart or dumb , she had no such compunction when it came to mr. . 
 cook . 
 `` perhaps you do not agree with his behaviors , but i have no evidence to suggest he has compromised intelligence . 
 on the contrary , to receive a position like special commander , he must have extreme competence when it comes to field missions and all the intricacies they entail . '' 
 `` ... let 's just talk about something else , '' mimi interrupted . 
 `` how long until we reach that outpost you were talking about ? '' 
 before mimi agreed to come into the desert , klutzo had told her about an outpost , one he was certain would have transport off the planet . 
 `` 7 hours and 35 minutes . '' 
 `` that long ? 
 i thought we 'd made good time so far . 
 i mean , this thing feels like it 's traveling faster than the speed of light . '' 
 `` it is n't . 
 and -- due to the size of this planet -- it will take a long time to reach our destination at our current speed . '' 
 `` ... ah , i wish i 'd never crash-landed here . 
 no , scratch that , i wish i 'd never met josh cook . 
 this is all his fault . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` trust me , it is . '' 
 with that , mimi turned around to concentrate on holding the rails . 
 with nothing to distract her , her thoughts ran wild . 
 initially they all centered on a certain mr. . 
 cook and how cruel he was . 
 eventually , however , she started to ponder what she 'd overheard in the bar . 
 before she 'd bought her sand slider for a pretty good price , she 'd listened to some story about a black mass out in the desert . 
 on principle , mimi did n't believe in stories , but she sure as heck believed in their power over people . 
 that was one of the very first lessons her father had taught her : if you want to run a successful business , you need to control people 's narratives . 
 more than perceptions , it 's the way people speak about your products that dictates the fate of a company . 
 though mimi was n't running a business here , the principle stood : to those pirates and other assembled brigands , the black mass was clearly an object of power , even if it was probably fictional . 
 it would inform their beliefs and behaviors , and she could leverage that to her advantage , if she was smart enough . 
 she also might find a story , if she was lucky . 
 if the black mass was real , she very much doubted it was a relic from the first age . 
 it could still be interesting , though . 
 it could be a crashed research vessel , or a barbarian probe , or some experimental weapon gone wrong the coalition tried to hide in the sand . 
 in other words , it might be something she could report on . 
 if she could leave this planet with a quality news piece , maybe she could secure the job with gns after all . 
 planning and fantasizing , mimi passed the next several hours in relative peace . 
 the peace would n't last . 
 the night on this planet was long , dark , and cold . 
 the winds were worse in the wee hours of the morning . 
 so bad , in fact , at times they changed the whole desert , blowing at the dunes and shifting them about like pieces on a chessboard . 
 though klutzo was doing his best , there were certain factors even he could n't account for . 
 mimi was about to walk into a legend . 
 one that would change her life forever . 
 chapter 14 he had a love-hate relationship with sand sliders . 
 on the one hand , they went appreciably fast , on the other , you could crash them way too easily . 
 he had to keep his wits about him as he navigated through the dark . 
 while the sand slider had its own rudimentary navigation controls , they were mostly shot . 
 that 's what happened when you bought a vehicle from an arkba . 
 `` they better give me a commendation for this , '' he muttered as he choked on a lungful of the desert . 
 though his sand slider was technically shielded , it still let in the occasional puff of sand . 
 he was covered in the stuff . 
 it shifted against his legs as he sat in his tiny command seat -- the only seat on the vessel -- and it crunched under his boots every time he moved . 
 it also covered his hands , collecting under his nails and scratching at his skin . 
 he hated sand . 
 trying to survive on a desert planet for a few years had completely ruined the stuff for him . 
 he never went to the beach , and he avoided resorts like the plague . 
 now , because of her , he had to endure mounds of the stuff . 
 when he finally ran into her , he was going to ... check that she was safe and then give her what for . 
 brushing the sweat from his brow , josh stared out into the desert as the sand slider shot forward . 
 the suspension was pretty bad , and he always kept one hand on the rails in case the slider hit a dune . 
 the dna scanner was practically useless out here . 
 though he tried to stop every few minutes to readjust the sensors and get a lock , it was never going to work . 
 instead , he relied on a combination of dumb luck and dull wit . 
 that is , he followed the tracks in the sand . 
 whilst they could lead to mimi , they could equally lead to a pack of very angry and very hungry sand wolves . 
 as the night drew on , his flippant attitude disappeared . 
 it waned in time with every second and every minute . 
 because as every second and minute passed , mimi was likely flying further from his reach . 
 for a man who had lived most of his life as a vagabond and a pirate , he knew exactly , in perfect visual detail , what was in store for her . 
 that 's why he leant further over the rails , clutched them as tight as he could in his white knuckled hands , and did n't stop . 
 he joked that if he found her he 'd kill her . 
 first , he 'd take the opportunity to revel in the fact she was fine , then he would kill her . 
 miss mimi chester was turning out to be the greatest pain in the butt this side of the rebuilders . 
 chapter 15 they travelled most of the night without incident . 
 that was the good thing about having a recording ball that could transform into a decked out , efficient security orb . 
 it was n't until dawn started to rise above the endless mountains of sand that they stopped . 
 suddenly , with no warning , klutzo sped off to the side . 
 mimi was n't expecting it , and by the time she noticed , her speeding slider had already rounded another dune . 
 she came to a screeching stop . 
 setting the brakes to full , she held onto the rails for dear life . 
 thankfully the suspension and shielding did n't fail , though they did groan in protest . 
 the very last thing she wanted was to end up headfirst in a sand dune . 
 by the time she managed to wriggle free , no doubt her shoes would have been stolen by a scavenger , and her feet eaten by a wolf . 
 she managed to pull the slider to a stop before jumping off . 
 `` klutzo , klutzo , what are you doing ? '' 
 she waved at him , trying to get him to return to her . 
 he was n't paying any attention . 
 he was hovering a good 20 meters above the ground . 
 she could barely make him out as the rays of dawn infiltrated the night . 
 `` klutzo ? '' 
 she could n't keep the fear from shaking her voice . 
 for all klutzo 's eccentricities , when he was in security mode , he was reliable . 
 he would not dart off without warning unless there was a problem . 
 she checked around her , drawing her shoulders in as she stared at the dark shadowy dunes to her left and right . 
 dawn was a slow , languid affair on this planet , and though the first rays of sunshine were peeking across the horizon , it would be another half hour before the shadows no longer scared her . 
 there was something about how the darkness appeared to pool like water that made her shiver . 
 finally she got klutzo 's attention . 
 he flew towards her . 
 as he did , he appeared to twist to the side , as if he was staring at something as he headed her way . 
 nerves kicked through her gut , spiraling up her back and chilling the skin as they went . 
 swallowing and pressing a thin breath through her lips , she held her hand out to him . 
 he did not come to rest in her grip . 
 `` danger , '' he said . 
 her nerves turned into fully fledged fear . 
 mimi turned around quickly , her eyes widening as she stared at the sand . 
 what was out there ? 
 not for the first time , she started to regret her decision . 
 leaving josh cook behind had seemed like a good idea at the time . 
 now she 'd be lucky if that little fact did n't kill her . 
 `` there is an object ... '' klutzo trailed off . 
 he was a recording device , and never usually trailed off . 
 unlike a human , he did n't have to search for his words , nor did his emotion ever overcome him . 
 mimi would be a fool not to realize her recording ball was frightened . 
 she started to shiver , and she took several careful steps back towards her slider . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i do not know . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 what kind of object is out there ? '' 
 klutzo took a long time to answer . 
 again , it appeared as if all his attention was centered back towards whatever mysterious object was out there . 
 `` it is a black spike , protruding from the sand , approximately 45 centimeters into the air . '' 
 she shivered . 
 but she also blinked . 
 black spike ? 
 by the way he was behaving , she 'd expected a pack of sand wolves , or an angry platoon of scavengers , or a horde of barbarians out for a picnic . 
 she was n't dumb enough to brush off klutzo 's comment . 
 he was still the security drone . 
 if he was scared , it would n't be without reason . 
 she tried to swallow . 
 her mouth was so dry she gave up and coughed instead . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` danger , '' he repeated . 
 she shivered again . 
 though her instincts told her to get back on her slider and drive as far away from this spot as she could get , something held her back . 
 curiosity . 
 maybe whatever lessons they 'd managed to instill in her at the academy still remained , or maybe it was courage , or maybe it was plain stupidity . 
 but mimi , wiping the sweat off her brow with her thumb and wrist , took a step towards klutzo , not away . 
 `` where is it ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` it is over there , approximately 15.5 meters to your left , right at the base of this sand dune . '' 
 mimi clutched a hand to her stomach in an effort to control her nerves . 
 before she took a step towards the object , she hesitated . 
 she was n't an idiot . 
 she might be curious , but she needed to find out more about this mysterious spike before she accidentally tripped over it in the waning dark . 
 `` is it safe to approach ? 
 are there any other enemies around ? '' 
 klutzo did n't answer . 
 `` klutzo ? '' 
 her voice wavered with fear . 
 `` there are no other enemies around . 
 there is only the spike . '' 
 `` well ... is it weaponized ? 
 is it irradiated ? 
 is it okay to approach ? '' 
 `` i do not detect the presence of explosives or weapons of any kind . 
 radiation levels are normal . '' 
 mimi blinked hard . 
 then she narrowed her eyes against the dawn and bit her lip . 
 slowly , cautiously she started to walk towards it . 
 when the world did n't end and the sun did n't fall from the sky , she sped up a little , but only a fraction . 
 finally she reached it . 
 at first it was hard to discern the spike in the dim light , but once her eyes spied it , it garnered her full attention . 
 klutzo 's description had been correct : it was a thin black spike sticking about 45 centimeters out of the sand . 
 what it was , however , was a mystery . 
 `` wh -- what is that ? '' 
 mimi stuttered as she came to a wary stop about a meter from its side . 
 `` i am unable to scan it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she half turned to klutzo . 
 he appeared to hesitate a few meters away , as if , somehow , the electronic orb was scared . 
 klutzo was a lot of things , considering the number of times his memory banks had been wiped , but he never displayed fear . 
 it was n't part of his programming . 
 still , as she waved him forward and he reluctantly zoomed up to her , she could n't deny how hesitant he appeared . 
 `` try scanning it again , '' she suggested . 
 `` ... i still can not detect the object . '' 
 `` wait , what ? 
 you ca n't detect it -- it 's right in front of us . '' 
 `` of this i am aware . 
 however , my sensors can not penetrate the object . 
 in many ways , it 's as if it 's not there . '' 
 `` sorry ? 
 you mean something is shielding it from being scanned , right ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean though i register the same visual image as you , that is it . 
 there is nothing to suggest it has mass , charge , weight , or any other standard properties of matter . '' 
 mimi curled her toes inside her shoes , letting the move distract her . 
 `` ah , what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means we must proceed with extreme caution . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she felt sick , and immediately slapped a hand on her stomach . 
 `` perhaps we should turn back , '' klutzo suggested . 
 there was a waver in his voice , something that sounded suspiciously like relief . 
 mimi thought about it . 
 she turned back to the black object . 
 if it were n't so small , she 'd wonder whether this was the vaunted black mass. . 
 but surely something fitting of such a legend would be enormous ? 
 the object in front of her was little more than a pole . 
 when she 'd struck out into the desert , she 'd told herself she would investigate the black mass legend . 
 as well as finding a ticket off this planet , of course . 
 now she was n't so sure it was a good idea . 
 if a solitary black pole sticking out of the scorched sand was too much for her to handle , the real black mass would likely scare her to death . 
 with her hands sweaty and a lump forming in her throat , she nodded . 
 `` good idea , klutzo . 
 i think it 's time we get out of here . '' 
 klutzo did n't wait -- he zoomed back to the sand slider like a frightened dog . 
 mimi followed . 
 yet she turned her head , half walking backwards as her gaze was drawn once more towards the pole . 
 there was something ... weird about it . 
 the way it made her feel ... she could n't put her finger on it . 
 she was merely aware of this unwanted presence in her mind . 
 shaking her head and finally turning around , she clambered onto the sand slider . 
 once she was seated , she turned one more time to look at it . 
 ... she shivered . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' she suggested quickly , turning around and starting the slider up . 
 just as she started to maneuver it out of the dip she was in , she heard something . 
 it sounded like a knife cutting over the desert . 
 `` ah , what is that ? '' 
 klutzo appeared to concentrate . 
 maybe the presence of the black pole was still affecting his scanners , because he had to launch into the sky to obtain a visual , rather than use his sensors . 
 she craned her neck to watch him hovering about 30 meters above her . 
 the sound got louder . 
 something was coming . 
 friend or foe , she was soon to find out . 
 chapter 16 it was when he started losing hope that he saw something small dart up into the sky . 
 using his hyper-binoculars , he quickly ascertained what it was . 
 `` klutzo , '' he said victoriously as he pulled the binoculars from his eyes . 
 casting them aside and hearing them tumble to the floor of his slider , he leaned over the rails and gunned the engine . 
 his slider shot over the desert , churning up great clouds of sand that lifted high into the sky . 
 he 'd been traveling all night . 
 dawn was on the horizon , and thankfully it calmed the frenzied wind of the night . 
 nothing would calm his mood . 
 `` she better be okay , '' he muttered , leaning even further over the rails until his shoulders tightened with tension . 
 he kept an eye on klutzo , and watched him dart back out of sight under the lip of a tall dune . 
 if klutzo was fine , that was a good sign mimi would be too . 
 ... actually , no it was n't . 
 josh was kidding himself . 
 klutzo could have wandered off , malfunctioned , or been left behind by her kidnappers . 
 so as josh 's slider mounted the dune , he did n't stop . 
 he shot down the side of it so fast he practically caused an avalanche . 
 he could see a sand slider parked with its nose towards him . 
 he parked alongside it . 
 if parking can include yanking on the brake and swinging in alongside the vehicle with a screech of inertia drives and a great cloud of sand . 
 josh did n't stop . 
 he jumped onto the sand . 
 he sunk in up to his knees , but pulled himself free and stalked forward . 
 klutzo was hovering off to the side , doing a good impression of looking sprung . 
 as for mimi ... before josh could fear she was n't here , he heard her whimper . 
 she was on the slider . 
 he rounded the back of it and vaulted onto the vehicle . 
 his move was so strong he made the thing shake . 
 then , then he finally saw her . 
 she was hiding under the dash with her hands over her head . 
 he growled . 
 she looked up . 
 he watched recognition widen her startlingly blue eyes . 
 `` josh . '' 
 `` that 's right , princess , '' he spat as he marched forward , leaned down , and pulled her up by the arm . 
 `` i 'm surprised you remember me . 
 you did abandon me , after all . '' 
 though he was furious , he could n't deny his relief . 
 it lapped at him like waves , washing away the past days ' worth of fear . 
 mimi was fine . 
 surprised at his sudden appearance , sure , but okay . 
 `` i ... i did n't abandon you , '' she tried , not bothering to pull her arm free as he yanked her forward and off the back of the slider . 
 `` what do you call it then ? '' 
 he let her arm go , but did n't take a step back to reinstate his personal space . 
 instead he stared right into her eyes , despite the fact she was close enough that his breath buffeted her fringe . 
 `` i ... i ... '' `` you ran off , put yourself in danger , and wasted my time . '' 
 she shrunk back from him . 
 `` it was n't like that . '' 
 `` then what exactly was it like , mimi ? 
 what the hell were you thinking ? 
 that you were better off without me -- '' he began , barely getting started on his tirade . 
 he had a lot to get off his chest . 
 a day of thinking she was either dead or kidnapped , to be precise . 
 `` yes , '' she interrupted , her surprise abating as her brow crumpled , `` yes , i thought i was better off without you . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he stuttered , shocked at her honesty . 
 before , she had been shrinking away from him , clearly scared . 
 now she stood her ground . 
 `` i thought i was better off without you , '' she repeated bluntly . 
 josh 's jaw dropped open . 
 `` surprised ? '' 
 she crossed her arms . 
 she had the tenacity to cross her arms despite the fact she had wandered off into the desert on her own , leaving him to track her down . 
 briefly he could n't say anything , then the anger came thundering back . 
 `` i knew you were arrogant , but this is insane . '' 
 `` arrogant ? 
 you want to talk about being arrogant ? 
 why do n't you look at yourself first ? 
 you have the emotional understanding of a meteor . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` that you 're the rudest , meanest , coldest person i have ever met . 
 now leave me alone . '' 
 with that , she attempted to walk back to her sand slider . 
 josh got there first , leaning in and grabbing her arm . 
 she did n't let him hold it long , as she shoved him off . 
 to be honest , he could easily have kept his grip , but he stumbled back nonetheless . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she stopped and turned very slowly , sand scattering over her boots . 
 `` what 's wrong with me ? 
 seriously ? 
 can you honestly be that obtuse ? 
 you accused me of killing someone , '' she choked through her words . 
 `` what ? 
 when ? '' 
 she made an exasperated noise , threw her hands in the air , and walked back to her slider . 
 `` do you have any idea what you put me through by walking off on your own ? '' 
 josh tried to maneuver in front of her , but she kept ducking around his arms . 
 `` i thought you 'd been kidnapped . 
 you may not have much experience with planets like this , princess , but trust me , i do . 
 you would have roused the attention of every criminal and two-bit scavenger . 
 you 're lucky you made it this far . 
 speaking of which , what the hell were you thinking going off into the desert on your own ? 
 this place is dangerous . '' 
 throughout his entire tirade , he did n't take a single breath . 
 he let the anger push his words out in rapid-fire , like pulses from a gun . 
 `` i do n't know if you 've noticed , but i have n't been kidnapped . 
 also , '' she spread her arms wide , indicating her body , `` i 'm fine . 
 the desert has n't killed me . '' 
 `` yet . '' 
 `` you know , i do n't need someone like you looking out for me . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` i 'm not sure if you remember , but if it were n't for me , you would have been impaled back on that transport . 
 you would also have been kidnapped by that scavenger . 
 i do n't know how it works in that rich brat world of yours , but in my world , i 'm owed a thank you , not an ear bashing . '' 
 `` you want to know how it works in my world , josh ? 
 it 's funny , because it actually works the same as in your world , '' she said in a singsong sarcastic voice , `` if you do nothing but insult and belittle someone , they leave you . 
 you might have protected me in the past , and i 've already thanked you for that , but the benefit of traveling with you is not worth the price . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` i ca n't believe this , '' he said , pressing his dirty fingers into his brow and letting the nails dig hard into his flesh until half-moon circles appeared over the sweat and grit . 
 `` i drop everything , purchase a sand slider from a shifty alien , and stay up the whole night tracking you down . 
 you are the most ungrateful brat in the universe . '' 
 `` and you 're an idiot . '' 
 `` right , i 've had enough of this . 
 you are coming back with me whether you like it or not . 
 i have a duty as an officer of the coalition . 
 if i let the daughter of theodore chester die in the desert , my career is done for . 
 and i will not let you destroy my career , princess , '' his voice became dark and edgy . 
 her expression paled somewhat , but she did n't lose the defiant edge to her gaze . 
 `` i am not going anywhere with you . '' 
 he gave an exasperated laugh , pushing both hands through his hair and dislodging the scarf he 'd used to protect himself from the sand . 
 as the fabric fell down his neck , a whole pile of sand cascaded down his collar . 
 it itched his back and reminded him exquisitely how much he hated the desert . 
 `` i will tie you up if i have to . 
 but you will not ruin what i 've been working for for the past five damn years . 
 you got that , princess ? '' 
 `` stop calling me princess . 
 and i 'm not going anywhere with you . '' 
 josh brought his hands up and dug his fingers into his palms as hard as he could . 
 rebuilders he could deal with . 
 barbarians were a walk in the park . 
 mimi chester was murder . 
 he took a step towards her , and immediately she turned and ran for his sand slider . 
 throughout the entire altercation her recording orb drifted overhead , looking mildly curious , or as curious as an electronic ball could . 
 it did n't interrupt , and nor , thankfully , did it zip around banging into every object , including his head . 
 if josh had been paying keen attention , though , he would have noticed that klutzo was maintaining a specific distance from them . 
 and if not from them , from an object josh had not yet noticed . 
 but one that was about to change his world . 
 chapter 17 she darted away from him . 
 she was determined not to go back with josh . 
 yes , he had saved her in the past . 
 yes , occasionally he could be nice , gentle even . 
 but she could n't put up with that cruel side of his personality . 
 she could n't stand there and wait for the kind josh to be replaced with a monster . 
 so she ran up the sand dune towards his slider . 
 if she were being smart , instead of emotional , she would have realized there was no way she could outrun a special commander in the coalition forces . 
 not only was he bigger than her , he was trained . 
 though she exercised occasionally , that exercise never included stamina training and running up freaking dunes . 
 with every step , her foot plunged into the sand up to her ankle . 
 it was excruciating to pull it out again . 
 it was also slow . 
 within a matter of seconds , he was right behind her . 
 her heart fluttered , and it was n't only with fear . 
 in fact , she was n't sure she was even afraid . 
 despite the fact she had made a decision not to travel with josh , she still honestly did n't think he would hurt her . 
 that would be when two massive arms wrapped around her middle and tugged her right off the dune she was clambering up . 
 she let out a pitching scream , to which he immediately replied , `` calm the heck down ; i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 with that , he unceremoniously dumped her next to his feet . 
 she was furious now . 
 maybe he could see it , because as she snapped to her feet , he let one eyebrow slowly lift up in a clear warning . 
 `` you want to run , go ahead . 
 be aware i 'll catch you again . '' 
 she stared at him darkly . 
 it was her turn to dig her fingers into her palms as hard as she could as frustration flooded through her . 
 `` you are categorically the nastiest person i have ever met , '' she screamed . 
 josh appeared unmoved . 
 `` go ahead , princess , get it all out . 
 but once you 're done , we 're getting back on my slider , and we 're getting out of here . '' 
 josh pointed over his shoulder towards his slider . 
 a second later , however , he appeared to change his mind . 
 after a quick appraisal of both sliders , he shrugged his shoulders . 
 `` actually , we 're getting on your slider . 
 but we 're still getting out of here . 
 together . 
 then you are going to give me no trouble until i hand you over to your dear dad so i can return to my normal life . 
 you got that ? '' 
 `` i really have no idea why the coalition gave you a job . '' 
 josh 's jaw stiffened . 
 `` i would n't cross that line . 
 do n't talk about my past . 
 it 's the only warning i 'm going to give you . '' 
 `` or what , '' she brought her arms up and gesticulated in a jerked , quick fashion , `` you 'll hit me ? 
 you 'll kill me ? 
 you 'll leave me in the desert to rot ? '' 
 `` just do n't push me . '' 
 `` i do n't get you , special commander . 
 you threaten me one minute and then the next you pretend to care . 
 you 're almost sweet one second , then the next you 're a monster . 
 do you have any idea how crazy your behavior seems ? '' 
 he leaned in . 
 it appeared to be his favorite move . 
 it accentuated the strong line of his jaw and shoulders . 
 `` do you think i care what you think about me ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm pretty sure you do n't care what anyone thinks about you . 
 and i 'm pretty sure that 's your problem . 
 real people , nice people , kind and decent people do n't tackle women off sand dunes . '' 
 `` real nice , kind , and decent people would have left you in the desert , princess . 
 you are not worth anyone 's trouble . '' 
 `` there you go again , '' she made a frustrated noise , `` you want to protect me , but you also want to leave me in the desert . 
 what 's it like living in two worlds , josh ? 
 do you actually have two personalities in your head ? 
 the good cop and the bad cop ? 
 the pirate and the coalition officer ? '' 
 josh 's jaw did n't stiffen this time ; it slackened . 
 in fact , she watched as his hard , dirty cheeks paled . 
 she 'd struck a nerve . 
 though her heart still pumped with frustration and anger , she swallowed . 
 `` get on the slider , '' he managed after a substantial pause . 
 `` and do n't mention my past again . '' 
 she opened her mouth . 
 any number of insults were on her tongue . 
 she could n't say them . 
 instead , her gaze flicked towards her feet . 
 she could n't win this , could she ? 
 she would n't be able to convince josh to leave her alone . 
 in fact , if she took a step back from this situation , she appreciated his point . 
 in his position , as a special commander , he would have an obligation to look after her . 
 and if something did happen to her , it would be his responsibility , and it would reflect on his career . 
 maybe that was n't the only reason she was starting to give up . 
 maybe , just maybe , on some remote level she was happy josh was back . 
 sure , she 'd managed fine on her own . 
 but he was bigger than her , better trained , and knew how to survive . 
 `` fine , '' she conceded . 
 she took a step towards the slider , but out of her peripheral vision , saw she had dropped her goggles further up the dune . 
 she turned towards them . 
 `` the slider is that way , '' he warned . 
 she put a hand up quickly . 
 `` relax , i just dropped something . 
 i 'm going to get it . 
 i 'm not going to make a run for it , promise . '' 
 `` you stay there ; i 'll get it . '' 
 she crossed her arms and watched him as he walked off . 
 he also watched her . 
 he kept his head angled her way as his body marched up the dune . 
 his gaze was cold . 
 she had the urge to stick her tongue out at him . 
 though that would be childish in the extreme , it was n't as if he was acting like an adult . 
 still watching her , josh leaned down , plucked up the goggles , and turned to march back down towards her . 
 and that would be when he stumbled . 
 his boots struck something , he overbalanced , and he tipped over . 
 he tumbled down the hill . 
 right towards the black spike . 
 before she was aware of what she was doing , mimi ran towards him . 
 she reached him , just as he rolled to his feet . 
 but he took a stumble back , and fell towards the spike . 
 she wrapped her small arms around special commander joshua cook , and pulled him to the side . 
 it was exactly like tackling a mountain , and just as rewarding . 
 he fell on top of her . 
 it felt like being body-slammed by a cruiser . 
 it knocked the breath out of her . 
 it stilled her heart too . 
 for entirely different reasons . 
 josh 's body stiffened in surprise . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 there was a moment where she looked up into his eyes and he looked down into hers . 
 while her heart was fluttering , his gaze looked as if he 'd turned to stone . 
 `` you think you can fight me ? '' 
 he warned as he pushed to his feet . 
 he grabbed her wrist and yanked her up . 
 `` for a second there , i thought you were being reasonable . 
 i thought , somewhere in that spoilt mind of yours , you could see my point , '' he began . 
 `` well , i guess you 've proven i ca n't trust you . '' 
 he whirled on his foot . 
 it was her turn to grab his arm . 
 `` hold on , be careful . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` no , listen to me . 
 look down to your left , genius . '' 
 holding her gaze for several seconds , and looking as if he did want to tie her up , josh finally let his head drop . 
 he blinked in surprise . 
 that hard edge to his jaw dropped as his mouth opened . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 `` that , mr. , is something you almost impaled yourself on . 
 something i saved you from . 
 now , do you think you could possibly stop holding onto my arm so tight ? 
 you 're going to bruise it . '' 
 she tried to yank her arm back . 
 he let her , his grip growing slack . 
 she watched him take a step back , his brow crumpling as he stared at the black spike . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure this is where you say thank you . '' 
 she watched him ignore her , get down on his knees , and inspect the spike . 
 throughout her entire argument with josh , she 'd pretty much forgotten about it . 
 now , as silence descended , the fear started to creep back in . 
 though she liked to think she was rational , she could n't deny she wanted to get as far away from that strange black spike as was possible . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 josh asked again , tipping his head up to look at her . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 klutzo came across it . 
 we stopped the slider to have a closer look . 
 that 's when you came along . '' 
 josh turned back from her without another word . 
 then he reached out his hand towards the spike . 
 mimi jumped towards him , grabbed his arm , and pulled him back . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you ca n't touch that . '' 
 he turned around to look at her . 
 they were close , not as close as they 'd been moments before when she 'd tackled him , but close enough that his face took up most of her view , and all of her attention . 
 she found herself swallowing again . 
 `` why do n't you let go of my arm ? 
 i know what i 'm doing , '' he suggested in a gruff voice that had an unusual effect on her stomach . 
 she shook her head , not letting go . 
 `` do you ? 
 i 'm pretty sure it 's something like lesson one at the academy that you should n't go around touching mysterious objects on alien planets . '' 
 he snorted at her , trying to pull his arm back at the same time . 
 she held on fast . 
 it meant that as he tried to pull his arm free , he pulled her closer . 
 `` i do n't need to be lectured on academy lessons . 
 i 'm not the one who got kicked out . '' 
 `` i did n't get kicked out . 
 we discussed this before . 
 and do you think , maybe , just for a second , you could wait to listen to what i have to say before deciding it 's irrelevant ? '' 
 she stared into his eyes . 
 several awkward seconds passed where she tried to keep hold of her determined expression , but found her gaze wandering over josh 's face instead . 
 from the hard edge to his jaw , to his defiant , but somewhat mesmerizing eyes . 
 `` well , hurry up and tell me , '' he stated flatly . 
 `` okay , just promise not to touch it , '' she said as she tentatively let go of his hand . 
 when he did n't snap forward and grab the black spike , she rested back on her haunches and let out a breath . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , really . '' 
 `` it better be something good considering the lead up you just gave it . 
 that , or i 'm going to have to conclude once more that you just love wasting my time . '' 
 she put up a hand tersely . 
 `` cool your jets . 
 fine , i 'll tell you . 
 when we came across it , i got klutzo to scan it . '' 
 she started to play with her arms , brushing her hand over her wrist . 
 she wanted to tell josh about the feeling she got off that thin piece of metal sticking up out of the desert sands , but she could n't . 
 because , seriously , she had known the guy long enough now to realize he would pay absolutely zero attention to her feelings . 
 `` anyhow , he said while he can get a visual on it , that 's it . 
 he ca n't get any other readings . '' 
 josh snorted . 
 `` it just means it 's being shielded from sensors . '' 
 she offered him a sarcastic smile . 
 `` no , that 's not what he said . 
 he said there are no readings available , because it does n't appear as if it has a mass , charge , or any other physical property . '' 
 he leveled his gaze at her , waited for her to meet it , then he snorted . 
 loudly . 
 grotesquely . 
 `` you 're an idiot . 
 that makes no sense . '' 
 `` fine , why do n't you ask klutzo yourself ? '' 
 `` you think i 'm going to trust the ramblings of a recording ball that has been wiped so many times it ca n't fly straight ? '' 
 `` you know , josh , you 've got a serious problem . '' 
 `` is it you ? 
 it 's you , is n't it ? '' 
 he answered sarcastically as he shifted past her and tried to touch the spike . 
 she grabbed his hand again . 
 once more it brought her within close proximity of his face . 
 he arched an eyebrow . 
 `` my patience is running out . '' 
 `` just , just do n't touch it ! 
 seriously , ca n't you feel it ? 
 it 's so ... creepy . '' 
 he arched his other eyebrow . 
 `` creepy ? 
 it 's a freaking black spike sticking out of the sand . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's more . 
 klutzo had the same reaction as i did . 
 it 's ... i do n't think we should disturb it . '' 
 he gave another of his rattling , world-ending snorts . 
 it was a surprise he did n't suck the whole desert up his nostrils . 
 `` you accuse me of being the idiot ? 
 i would n't have thought you would be superstitious . 
 then again , you never cease to surprise me , '' his voice bottomed out and his lip kinked to the side . 
 `` just do n't -- '' he tried to reach past her to touch the spike . 
 she got in his way , but in doing so , he bumped her towards it . 
 her side pressed up against that thin piece of metal . 
 immediately , josh grabbed her back . 
 `` be careful , '' he snarled . 
 `` careful ? 
 you 're the one who should be careful . 
 we have no idea what that thing can do , '' she said , trying to ignore the lingering touch of his hands around her middle . 
 he looked at her pointedly . 
 `` you just bumped into that thing , princess . 
 if anything were to happen , it would have happened by now . '' 
 she opened her mouth . 
 something began to shift underneath her . 
 a rumbling travelled up through the sand , sending it scattering about her . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 she had time to say . 
 then the ground below her gave way . 
 in the blink of an eye metal plates opened underneath them , and both her and josh tumbled into the darkness . 
 chapter 18 it happened too quickly . 
 he went from teasing her , to feeling the ground below give way . 
 he tried to reach her , tried to grab her , but in the tumble of sand and metal , she fell from his grasp . 
 he felt his body fall , felt the sand wash around him , like dry water , striking his body , covering his face , cascading down his back . 
 there was a crash , the sound of metal buckling , and finally the thump as his body struck something . 
 instinctively , he rolled , absorbing the force of the fall . 
 the sand helped to soften the blow , too . 
 he rolled to his feet . 
 `` mimi ? 
 mimi ? '' 
 he called into the darkness . 
 bringing a hand up and covering his mouth , he coughed through the sand , batting a hand at it as he waited for it to disburse . 
 his heart was in his throat , pounding , thrumming , threatening to shake through his jaw and shatter his teeth . 
 realizing he could n't wait for the great clouds of sand to disburse , he got down on his knees and proceeded to methodically feel around with his fingers . 
 soon enough he struck a leg . 
 it had to be her . 
 she was n't moving . 
 `` mimi , '' he screamed her name , his voice echoing off some distant wall . 
 he had no idea where he was , but as his mind caught up to the situation , he realized it was likely some kind of downed spaceship . 
 one that had lain undisturbed in this great desert for countless years . 
 it would be a scavenger 's dream . 
 the old josh would have been over the moon . 
 the new josh did n't care . 
 the new josh quickly found mimi 's face and pressed a hand over her mouth to check her breathing . 
 `` mimi , '' he shouted once more . 
 the dust and sand started to settle , and finally he saw her . 
 her head was at an odd angle . 
 just before fear could shoot through him , she started to rouse . 
 he fell back on his haunches , relief pumping through him with every beat of his heart . 
 `` what ... happened ? '' 
 she managed . 
 he resisted the urge to crumple over her and hug her . 
 for one , he hated her . 
 for another , goddamn it , he hated her . 
 but the urge , nonetheless , had to be controlled . 
 `` josh ? '' 
 she tried to turn towards him . 
 suddenly she twitched in pain . 
 that 's when he noticed a pool of blood trickling out from behind her head . 
 it was staining the sand as it marched towards him . 
 `` hold still , '' he said quickly , weighing a hand into her shoulder . 
 `` we fell through the sand into some kind of ship , '' he explained in a soft voice , `` you 've hit your head . '' 
 `` i feel okay . '' 
 `` mimi , do n't argue with me . 
 just hold still . '' 
 as fear caught him , and his brow slicked with sweat , a memory surged up to meet it . 
 the spray-on skin was still in his pocket . 
 he 'd wisely kept it after changing his clothes . 
 at the time , he mused it could likely come in handy . 
 it was about to . 
 still , whilst the spray-on skin would immediately stop the bleeding and cancel out any pain , he needed a scanner to ensure there was no brain damage . 
 he also needed drugs to fight her concussion , and to fight any damage , should it be there . 
 `` i want you to keep talking to me , '' he said as he pushed to his knees . 
 `` what , why ? '' 
 `` mimi , just talk to me . '' 
 he turned from her and started to search through the sand . 
 if he was lucky , one of the sliders might have fallen down into the ship with them . 
 the sliders would be equipped with standard med packs . 
 `` i do n't get it , you keep telling me to shut up . '' 
 `` now i 'm changing my mind . 
 i do that a lot . '' 
 `` i 've kind of noticed that . '' 
 his lips kinked into a smile as he searched through the mounds of sand and broken metal . 
 he soon reached the point where they 'd fallen , and he stared up . 
 he could n't believe his eyes . 
 it felt like he 'd tumbled quite a distance , to be sure , but as he stared at the roof high above , he realized they 'd dropped a good 15 meters . 
 how they 'd both survived , he did n't know . 
 though it was likely a combination of the sand offering them a cushion and the falling chunks of ceiling forming a kind of ramp as they rolled down into the belly of the ship . 
 the point was , he would n't be able to make it back up into the desert ; there was nothing to climb . 
 he swore softly under his breath . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 mimi asked . 
 `` just keep talking , '' he encouraged her . 
 `` tell me about ... the interstellar baking championship . '' 
 `` i thought you said that was pathetic . '' 
 `` it is pathetic . 
 just tell me about it . '' 
 `` i ... i 'm kind of tired . 
 i just want to ... '' she trailed off . 
 he turned sharply on his foot . 
 `` mimi , '' he said in a booming voice , `` you are not going to sleep . 
 now talk to me about the interstellar baking championship . '' 
 `` there 's no need to be so mean . 
 why are you so mean , anyway ? 
 i mean , i 've met people who 've come from difficult backgrounds before , and they 're not like you , '' she began . 
 he smiled . 
 not because she was putting him down , but because mimi was about to have a rant . 
 he 'd heard enough of them to know she was only getting started . 
 as she continued to berate him , he searched the ship , hoping like hope to come across one of the sliders . 
 soon , he realized there simply was n't one down here . 
 just as desperation struck him , he looked up and saw something small and dark zip into view . 
 putting his hand over his eyes to cut out the sunshine streaming in from the massive hole in the roof , he quickly realized it was klutzo . 
 klutzo . 
 the ball appeared to be ... reticent . 
 scared , even . 
 rather than zip into the ship and check on mimi , it flew back and forth like a worried dog . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 josh chided it . 
 `` get down here . 
 you need to scan mimi . 
 no , wait , go to one of the sliders and bring the med kit . '' 
 `` ... dangerous . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 josh spat . 
 `` it 's dangerous down there . '' 
 `` go and get me that med kit and get down here now , '' josh shouted , using the exact tone he would on a recruit . 
 klutzo zoomed away , and within less than a minute was back . 
 he dragged a med kit in a small holding beam behind him . 
 as he flew into the belly of the ship , however , the little recording ball appeared to hesitate . 
 it was honestly as if the damn thing was scared . 
 maybe it had been wiped so many times that it had forgotten it was a machine . 
 as klutzo flew towards him , josh snapped forward , grabbed the med kit from the holding beam , before it was even turned off , then turned and ran towards mimi . 
 he plunged down to his knees , skidded slightly , and started to rip into the kit . 
 he grabbed up the medical scanner , set it to work with several practiced moves , and only then took a breath . 
 ... . 
 mimi chester had a nasty concussion , a deep gash in the back of her skull , but no brain damage . 
 or at least nothing the contents of the medical kit would n't fix . 
 josh sighed . 
 maybe a little too loudly , as mimi crumpled her brow . 
 fortunately she did n't say anything , and he quickly set to work selecting the correct drugs . 
 `` okay , i just need you to sit up , '' he said gently as he helped her into a seated position . 
 again she did n't say anything . 
 but she watched him . 
 and those two piercing blue eyes were quite the distraction . 
 he swallowed , then swallowed again . 
 in fact , he swallowed entirely too much as he went about the delicate and quite tactile job of fixing her injuries . 
 once he 'd administered the drugs , he set about seeing to the gash on the back of her head . 
 carefully he separated her hair then sprayed on the skin . 
 once he was done , he checked her again with the medical scanner . 
 when it confirmed that no more medical intervention was necessary , he let out another massive sigh of relief . 
 `` thank you , '' she said softly . 
 she could have taken the time to point out that josh was being a massive hypocrite once again . 
 he knew very well he spent most of his time putting her down . 
 so surely he had no right to pretend to care about her safety . 
 the problem was , it was n't a pretense . 
 he did care . 
 kind of . 
 because he still hated her . 
 kind of . 
 he shifted back and set about packing up the med kit . 
 knowing mimi , they would need it again . 
 probably pretty soon . 
 she was still watching him . 
 it did n't take long for her attention to become too uncomfortable to ignore . 
 he set the med kit down and looked up at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm waiting . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for you to change again . '' 
 his brow crumpled . 
 `` what exactly does that mean ? '' 
 `` i 've noticed a pattern with you , josh cook . 
 whenever you go into this protective mode , whenever you save me , it does n't take too long for you to turn back into the other josh . '' 
 he pressed his lips together and tried to control the flare of anger that ignited at her words . 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` still waiting . 
 it is about to happen , is n't it ? 
 any minute now , you 're going to snap at me again . 
 you 're going to tell me i 'm the most useless person in the universe and that i killed lilly williams , '' her voice broke with tension . 
 `` ... what ? 
 i would n't say that . '' 
 `` you did say that . 
 do n't you remember ? 
 that 's why i walked away from you . 
 i did n't kill her ... . '' 
 she started to choke up . 
 josh blinked back his surprise . 
 he 'd been ready to shout at her . 
 of course he had . 
 what an ungrateful brat . 
 he 'd busted a gut to save her , and the second thing she 'd said was she was waiting for him to turn back into a monster again . 
 now , he could n't do anything but stare as tears tumbled down her cheeks . 
 `` look , mimi , i 'm sorry , '' he said , his voice choking for some reason . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 instead , she stared at her hands . 
 this was a mimi he 'd never met . 
 up until this point , he 'd convinced himself she had completely gotten over the death of lilly williams . 
 up until this point , he 'd assumed she was arrogant enough to push away whatever responsibility she 'd had in the so-called accident . 
 now he realized he was wrong . 
 her tears attested to that . 
 `` do you have any idea what it feels like to try to overcome something like that , but to constantly be reminded by everyone you know that you are not allowed to move on ? 
 i tried to come to terms with my role in lilly 's death . 
 i tried to get on with the rest of my life . 
 but people wo n't let me . 
 they keep reminding me , over and over again . 
 they wo n't move on themselves . 
 you know what that feels like ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the word was out before he could stop himself . 
 rational josh knew that at a time like this he should just shut up . 
 problem was , josh hardly ever listened to his rational side . 
 she looked up at him from under her crinkled brow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you asked me if i know how it feels to have people constantly remind me of my past . 
 to stop me from moving on . 
 i know exactly how that feels . 
 you had a partial role in an accident , mimi , i was a pirate and a scavenger and a criminal for years . 
 if you think it 's hard to turn your back on your past and continue with your life , it 's impossible for me . 
 somewhere along the line , no matter how far you distance yourself from what you did , someone will remind you . '' 
 she thumbed the tears from her cheeks and pressed her lips together . 
 `` sorry . 
 i ... i guess i did n't make the connection . '' 
 he laughed . 
 it was half frustrated , half relieved . 
 in his head , mimi chester was n't the kind of girl to apologize like this . 
 in his head , he expected her to use the opportunity to pry further into his history . 
 she did n't . 
 she continued to thumb her cheeks dry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said once more . 
 he opened his mouth to tell her she should be . 
 the words did n't come out . 
 `` you did n't kill lilly williams , '' he said instead . 
 though he was surprised by his words , he did n't stop speaking them . 
 `` i read your file . 
 i know what happened . 
 it was an accident . 
 they happen . '' 
 she let her hands fall into her lap as she saved all her attention for him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` so here 's a word of advice , mimi , ignore everyone else and move on anyway . 
 in fact , you seem to have already done that . 
 maybe i 'm the one who needs that advice , '' he realized as he sighed . 
 he let his knees fall out from underneath him , and he sighed again . 
 she watched him attentively . 
 `` it would be tougher for you , '' she acknowledged . 
 he massaged his brow , but looked at her from underneath his hand . 
 `` i guess you 're right . 
 you had a hand in an accident , whereas me , '' he shrugged his shoulders , `` i was a criminal . 
 i quite enjoyed smuggling . 
 there 's a certain kind of skill involved in picking the right kind of transport . 
 it 's a bit like cat and mouse . 
 kind of exhilarating , i guess . '' 
 he let his hands fall into his lap too . 
 `` it took me a long time to realize ... i was hurting people . 
 no , scratch that , i knew that from the beginning . 
 it just took me a long time to care . 
 all i saw was a universe that had given me nothing and taken everything . 
 i 'd lost my family , i 'd lost my friends , and there was no one to look after me . 
 so i grew up in a world where looking after yourself meant taking from other people . 
 i can sit here and try to justify that to you , but it does n't matter . 
 all that matters is i 'm a different person now . 
 i got an opportunity , i took it . 
 i want to say that i never looked back , but i look back every single damned day . 
 not because i want to be a smuggler again , because i worry i have n't really changed . 
 no , i worry i 'm not allowed to . '' 
 `` josh , it 's okay . 
 i understand , '' she said in a soft voice . 
 `` i know what it feels like to be constantly beset by the fear that you are not permitted to move on . 
 that if you get over what you 've done , you 're somehow pretending it was n't significant . 
 i waited around for a long time for people to give me permission to forgive myself . 
 but they were never going to do it , '' she bit her lip , `` it was my father who told me i could n't wait for permission . 
 my guilt is not their responsibility ; it 's mine . '' 
 `` yeah , but mimi , you said yourself , and i read it in your file , it was an accident . 
 you have no reason for guilt . '' 
 in many ways , he could n't believe what he was saying . 
 he 'd held onto the fact mimi was responsible for lilly william 's death ever since he 'd learnt about it . 
 why ? 
 because he 'd used it as a weapon against mimi . 
 he 'd ignored the truth of the academy 's report because it was easier . 
 because he wanted to . 
 because it gave him ammunition . 
 now he realized how cruel that had been . 
 his stomach kicked with something suspiciously close to empathy , empathy wrapped up in guilt . 
 `` i could have done more , '' she suddenly conceded as she hunched her shoulders together , `` when i realized it was a bad idea to go ahead with the simulation , i could have fought harder to prevent it . 
 i could have gone to a superior , could have pulled the plug on it . 
 i did n't . '' 
 `` maybe , '' he conceded . 
 she looked crestfallen . 
 `` or maybe that would n't have done a thing . 
 that 's the problem with hindsight , mimi , it tricks you into believing you know how things could have turned out differently . 
 if you fought the e club , if you pulled the plug on the simulation , they might have done it without you . 
 it could have been a bigger accident , for all you know . 
 you did all you could at the time . 
 maybe you could have shouted louder , maybe you could have fought harder , but it does n't matter . 
 you learn and you move on . '' 
 `` but lilly williams is dead . 
 i could have -- '' `` died in her place ? 
 would that have made it okay ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 i ... . '' 
 `` you 're trying to figure out how much penance you should pay . 
 you 're trying to logically figure out just how responsible you were , so you can calculate how long you should feel guilty , right ? 
 the problem is , the goalposts keep shifting . 
 every time you think you 've figured out just how responsible you were , another thought crops up . 
 you could have done this , you could have done that . 
 suddenly , the guilt comes flooding back in . 
 well , in my years as a bona fide brigand , i 've learned a lot about guilt . 
 even more about pushing it away . 
 it 's the least logical emotion there is . 
 reasoning with it only feeds it . '' 
 `` so what do i do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 when you get the answer , tell me ; i 'll be real interested . '' 
 she pressed her lips together , let her head drop , and slowly pulled it up as she met his gaze . 
 `` i was kind of hoping you 'd tell me exactly how to get over it . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` ha , that 's funny ; i was hoping you would tell me the same . '' 
 he pushed to his feet . 
 he took two steps towards her and reached a hand out . 
 `` i might be the world 's least competent psychologist , considering i have all the compassion of a desert , but i wonder if the key is moving on . 
 you obsess about the past , you miss the future . 
 guilt has its place , but if you let it , it will only force you to make more mistakes . 
 and if we sit here yammering about our problems too long , we 're not going to get out of here . '' 
 she considered his hand . 
 for a moment he suspected she would reject it . 
 then she gently placed her palm into his and let him pull her to her feet . 
 `` how 's your head feeling ? '' 
 he asked through a cough , trying to distract himself from the feeling of her hand in his . 
 `` actually , you may not be the universe 's worst psychologist ; i 'm feeling a lot better . '' 
 `` i meant your actual head ; your skull . 
 any pain ? '' 
 she shook her head and offered him an embarrassed smile . 
 it made him chuckle . 
 `` right , it 's now time to a -rrb- find out where we are , then b -rrb- get the hell out of here . '' 
 he shifted forward , angling his head up as he checked the ceiling . 
 it took another five seconds to realize he was still holding her hand . 
 he dropped it , as if it were covered in spikes , then coughed casually . 
 fortunately she did n't say anything . 
 it took a while for his embarrassment to dissipate , but not as long as it usually would . 
 because when the lingering touch of her hand in his started to fade , his attention snapped back to the situation . 
 where exactly were they ? 
 what was this ship ? 
 josh may have referred to this as a scavenger 's dream , but as he took several echoing steps through it he realized it could also be a nightmare . 
 scavenging was a dangerous job . 
 not only did you have to put up with a whole host of unsavory characters , including yourself , but sometimes you came across space junk too dangerous to handle . 
 he could n't count the number of people he knew of who 'd died trying to rip the hull plating from an unstable vessel , or who 'd been foolish and greedy enough to ransack a ship before it spiraled into a sun . 
 those were the usual dangers , though . 
 occasionally you were unlucky enough to come across the unusual ones . 
 space was a vast place . 
 and in its vasts were countless races , some who 'd been engaged in interstellar travel for millennia rather than the few pitiful centuries humans had been exploring the stars . 
 all of that meant a lot of junk . 
 a lot of old spaceships . 
 a lot of satellites , a lot of probes . 
 and most importantly , a lot of damn surprises . 
 if you wanted to stay alive as a scavenger , the number one most important rule was to pick your targets wisely . 
 never enter a mysterious shielded ship stuck in the desert , not before doing your homework to ensure it was n't a -rrb- filled with space zombies , b -rrb- booby-trapped and wired to explode , c -rrb- a barbarian trap , or d -rrb- all of the above . 
 josh had a problem though . 
 he was already in this damn ship . 
 now , if he did n't find a way to quickly get out of here , he had no idea what he would face . 
 okay , there could be nothing down here but sand and metal , but somehow he doubted that . 
 though he was n't a superstitious man , there was something about the dark , creepy , unsettling feel to this ship that made him want to blast a hole in the side and get the hell out of here before hell itself reared its ugly head . 
 rather than share any of these thoughts with mimi , he kept his worries to himself . 
 he did , however , reach for his gun . 
 that 's when he realized it was n't there . 
 the rifle that was meant to be locked into the magnetic holster on his back must have fallen free as he tumbled into the ship . 
 with a nervous twitch of his hands , he checked his hips , but soon enough realized that those guns were gone too . 
 he let out a bitter , sharp swearword . 
 mimi was a step behind him , and he heard her stop , sand scattering at her feet . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 maybe she was trying to hide the fear from her voice , but he heard it . 
 that light waver . 
 he half turned to her , gritting his teeth as he did . 
 `` nothing . 
 i just remembered i left the oven on , '' he lied . 
 `` oven ? 
 what 's a oven ? '' 
 `` never mind , it 's an old human saying . 
 now hurry up . '' 
 he heard her sigh heavily behind him , and despite the situation , he smiled . 
 he was n't entirely sure why he was smiling . 
 maybe it was because she had n't been kidnapped after all . 
 maybe it was that she was standing after such a nasty head injury . 
 or maybe his lips were just twitching and it did n't mean anything at all . 
 `` why are we walking along this corridor ? '' 
 she suddenly asked . 
 `` should n't we concentrate on getting out of here ? '' 
 he turned to her fully this time . 
 furrowing his brow and hoping she could see it even in the dim light he shook his head . 
 `` i know you just had a head injury , so i 'll say this slowly : we are looking for a way out . '' 
 `` why do n't we just blast our way out ? '' 
 she gestured behind her with her thumb , indicating the massive hole in the ceiling back the way they 'd come . 
 josh clenched his teeth . 
 this time it was n't in feigned frustration or sarcasm . 
 he did n't want to tell her he 'd lost his guns . 
 there was no way to blast a ramp up to that hole . 
 `` just leave the thinking to me , princess . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i told you not to touch that spike . '' 
 `` we do n't even know if touching the spike caused the cave in . 
 in fact , i doubt it did . 
 it was probably your considerable weight impacting on an already fragile roof , '' he snarled . 
 his heart was n't in it . 
 in fact , his insult was a judicious move , not an emotional one ; he wanted to distract her , and he knew from experience riling her up was the only way to go . 
 she slammed her hands on her hips . 
 `` why do you always have to be so rude ? '' 
 `` because it sure as hell beats being polite . 
 do you think i want to have a sweet little conversation with you , mimi ? 
 i 'd rather stab myself in the eye . 
 now hurry up already . '' 
 he turned and waved over his shoulder . 
 mimi did n't move . 
 he let out an exasperated breath that echoed through the corridor . 
 for a spaceship , it had an unusually wide hallway . 
 most ship design ensured thoroughfares were small , saving space for the systems that would need it like engineering and life support . 
 `` stop trying to fob me off . 
 seriously , why do n't we just blast our way out of here ? '' 
 he opened his mouth to insult her . 
 maybe he would point out he was the coalition officer while she was nothing more than a reject . 
 or perhaps he 'd default to the fact she was a spoiled brat . 
 instead , he said , `` because i dropped my guns . '' 
 he had n't meant to say it ; it had tumbled out . 
 she did n't recede away in fear . 
 instead she shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` i did n't even know you were carrying them . 
 but that does n't matter , we can still blast our way out of here . '' 
 he looked at her askance . 
 `` maybe i should check your head again . '' 
 `` klutzo , '' she called , ignoring him as she turned around . 
 the orb was still following them , though at a considerable distance . 
 it also needed constant encouragement . 
 for an electronic device , somehow it was showing all the signs of fear . 
 `` klutzo , let 's get out of here . 
 can you blast a hole in the roof back there ? 
 can you calculate how to make us a ramp back up into the desert ? '' 
 josh snorted . 
 maybe he honestly ought to scan her head again , because she was being crazy . 
 klutzo was nothing more than a recording device . 
 granted , josh had used him to pick up the med pack and fly it into the ship , but that pack was about the heaviest thing klutzo would be able to carry . 
 short of continually flying into the sand dune and causing an avalanche , there was no way it would be able to blast them a ramp . 
 `` ah , mim , '' he said distractedly as he rummaged around and grabbed the medical scanner , `` just come here for a second . '' 
 `` what did you just call me ? '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` ... mim ? '' 
 `` that 's not my name . '' 
 `` it 's pretty darn close , plus , it 's easier to say . 
 now come here . '' 
 he waved her forward as he prepared the scanner . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you find mimi hard to say ? 
 did you actually have to pass a test to get into the academy ? '' 
 he shot her a stony look . 
 then he marched up to her . 
 as he did , it was impossible to ignore how her expression changed . 
 though it was subtle , her eyes widened . 
 her cheeks did n't pale , though , and there was no other indication she was frightened . 
 she simply looked extra attentive as he approached . 
 `` once you are done insulting me , i think i need to check your head again , '' he mumbled as he brought the scanner close to the side of her face . 
 she watched him tersely , her cheeks reddening in something that looked suspiciously like a blush and not anger . 
 `` there is nothing wrong with my head . 
 i just think this is a dumb plan . 
 we can get klutzo to shoot us a ramp out of here . 
 i really do n't ... want to continue any further . '' 
 she rubbed her arms as she stared past him into the darkened hallway . 
 `` it 's a recording device , mim , it ca n't shoot us a ramp , '' he muttered as he continued to check the scanner . 
 `` it 's a security drone . '' 
 one of his eyebrows arched up as he brought the scanner closer to her head , his thumb accidentally brushing against her soft cheek . 
 she blinked quickly , her eyelashes gently tickling his hand . 
 in fact , it was a collection of pretty distracting sensations , so distracting it took him a moment to realize what she 'd said . 
 `` security drone ? 
 oh man , you really must have hit your head too hard . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and took a terse breath . 
 `` it 's a security drone as well as being a recording device . 
 i 'm the daughter of theodore chester , i do have to take precautions about my safety . '' 
 he looked at her suspiciously as he finally shifted back . 
 the medical scanner was n't picking up any sign of injury . 
 it was too rudimentary to be able to tell whether she was crazy though . 
 `` do n't look at me like that ; it 's true . 
 klutzo , show josh what you can do . '' 
 a small smile spread across mimi 's face . 
 for a split second , he felt anticipation . 
 because , seriously , she was right ; she was the daughter of theodore chester , and it was not beyond the realm of possibility that he 'd souped up her recording orb . 
 when klutzo did nothing but float there , josh shook his head . 
 `` stop wasting my time , mim , we need to find a way out of here . '' 
 `` klutzo . '' 
 she turned to the device , waving him forward with a quick flick of her wrist . 
 `` come on , it 's okay . 
 show the special commander here what you can do . '' 
 she turned back to josh and lifted her chin triumphantly . 
 klutzo still did n't move . 
 mimi darted her eyes to the left . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 `` danger . 
 danger , '' klutzo said as he shifted back , appearing to shiver in the air . 
 a laugh had been on josh 's lips , but now he stifled it . 
 as much as he wanted to dismiss the recording orb , since it had been wiped more times than a window , there was something about its fear he could n't dismiss . 
 `` must retreat . 
 must retreat . '' 
 `` klutzo , we want to get out of here . 
 just make us a ramp , '' she tried . 
 `` ca n't make noise . 
 it will hear . '' 
 the hair along the back of josh 's neck stood on end . 
 a lightning bolt of nerves shot down his back . 
 `` sorry ? 
 what will hear us ? '' 
 though he was determined to ignore klutzo , it did n't stop josh from turning his head to the left and right as he checked the hallway carefully . 
 `` klutzo ? '' 
 mimi asked in a small voice that barely carried , yet nonetheless felt like it was a foghorn . 
 josh took an automatic step closer to her . 
 `` come on , '' he tried , knowing it was now more important than ever to continue . 
 if , by some extraordinary stroke of bad luck , klutzo was right , and they were not alone down here , staying in the same place was suicide . 
 `` come on , mim , '' he said again as he latched a hand on her arm , quickly realizing she was all too good at ignoring him . 
 thankfully she did n't resist , and josh managed to pull her several steps down the hallway . 
 every beat of their footfall sounded like a drum , one that advertised their position more effectively than a holographic arrow pointing in their direction . 
 `` what do you mean we 're not alone ? '' 
 mimi turned her head to ask klutzo . 
 `` be quiet , '' josh warned her in a whisper , `` and keep moving . '' 
 `` no , we just need to convince klutzo to help us . 
 he can blast us a ramp , '' she began . 
 josh stopped , turned on his foot so suddenly his boot squeaked against the floor , and collapsed his hands over both her shoulders . 
 it was a dramatic move , and had the desired effect ; her eyes shot open and her lips closed in surprise . 
 `` mim , trust me , '' he said simply . 
 there were a lot of things he could tell her in that moment . 
 he could remind her he was the special commander and the only one trained enough to take the lead . 
 he could point out he had extensive experience dealing with creepy abandoned spaceships . 
 he could emphasize he had already saved her numerous times before . 
 but the words trust me bubbled up , and when they were out , they had a curious effect . 
 her expression softened . 
 digging her teeth into her lips , she nodded . 
 `` but he really is a security drone , '' she added . 
 `` of course he is , '' josh said dismissively as he let go of her shoulders and grabbed up one of her hands instead . 
 before he could pull her forward , something curious happened . 
 klutzo darted backwards . 
 with a move like a full-bodied shudder , he turned around and shot off . 
 `` klutzo , '' mimi began to shout his name . 
 josh slammed a hand over her mouth . 
 pressing his fingers into her soft lips and feeling the warmth of her cheeks under his palm , he whispered to `` keep quiet , '' as he finally removed his hand . 
 from fingertip to palm , his skin tingled . 
 that did n't stop him from shaking his head and mouthing , `` stay quiet . '' 
 `` but klutzo -- '' `` is clearly malfunctioning , '' josh said in the softest voice he could manage . 
 `` but -- '' `` just trust me , mim . '' 
 before josh could lead her forward , klutzo 's voice echoed back through the hallway . 
 `` must leave . 
 must leave . 
 attracted to technology . '' 
 it was the recording orb 's last three words that struck josh like a bullet . 
 maybe he had misheard , or maybe klutzo really was malfunctioning , or just possibly , just maybe the device was right . 
 could there be something out there ? 
 could it be attracted to technology ? 
 josh may have learnt a lot as a scavenger about the evils that can lurk in abandoned spacecraft . 
 but he 'd learnt a thing or two as a special commander about the extraordinary dangers that littered the milky way . 
 from experimental weapons to barbarian traps , he could list 10 things off the top of his head that were attracted to technology , and none of them were nice . 
 he did n't have a gun , he had the daughter of the richest man in the galaxy one step behind him , and he had no one to rely on for backup . 
 he tried to swallow , but the move was so gruff it stuck in his throat . 
 `` josh , what 's going on ? 
 what was klutzo talking about ? '' 
 mimi whispered . 
 `` he 's malfunctioning . 
 we just need to keep moving . 
 but keep quiet , '' josh added quickly . 
 he needed to play a careful game here ; while he did n't want to alert mimi to just how dangerous things were , he could n't allow her to act normally either . 
 as they continued along the darkened hallway , josh felt the med pack bang softly into his leg . 
 he 'd secured it against his belt . 
 though it was light and designed to be of minimum inconvenience , it felt like he was lugging around a stone . 
 not because it was particularly heavy , but because of the scanner inside . 
 if something out there really was attracted to technology , then the medical device inside the med pack was surely sophisticated enough to warrant its attention . 
 josh should leave it behind or crush it under his boot . 
 but he was n't going to do that ; 10 to 1 mimi would hurt herself again . 
 not for the first time and not for the last , he cursed this stupid situation . 
 if he had never met mimi , presumably he would n't be in this current predicament . 
 as for mimi , however , he could n't say the same for her . 
 she appeared to be accident-prone , and he was certain that if she had n't met him , she 'd be dead by now . 
 or kidnapped . 
 or worse . 
 when things calmed down , if they ever did , he would have to solicit a genuine apology from her for all the times she 'd acted like a brat . 
 if they ever got out of here . 
 they continued to walk along in silence , but the silence was incomplete . 
 sure , they 'd stopped speaking , but every breath , every step , every movement sounded like a trumpet . 
 even the soft scattering of sand as their boots dislodged the grit trapped in their treads sounded like an avalanche . 
 josh expected the hallway to open out into rooms , but as the minutes ticked by , he realized it was incredibly long . 
 either he was wrong , and he was in some kind of building rather than a downed ship , or this had to be one of the biggest spacecraft he 'd ever seen . 
 something was n't right here . 
 from the design to the colors , even to the material , he 'd never seen a ship like this . 
 unbidden , from the back of his mind , a memory rose . 
 the black mass. . 
 the outlandish tale of first age technology the alien had told him before sending him into the desert after mimi . 
 it could n't be true , right ? 
 it was just a myth , right ? 
 josh had seen a few first age devices in his time ; the coalition made it its business to acquire and study all archaeological artifacts from that period . 
 the problem was , they did n't all look the same . 
 multiple races engaged in space travel during the first age , so when you came across one of their devices , you were n't guaranteed it would have a particular appearance . 
 indeed , the archaeological records were incomplete , and there were influential theories that there was still undiscovered races from that era . 
 so it was a real but unpleasant possibility that the very ship they were currently walking through could be from the first age . 
 as wild as it sounded , it just might be the black mass. . 
 then again , it could be a barbarian trap . 
 space travel was like that ; it always stuck a gun in your face every time you thought you knew what you were doing . 
 they walked for a good half hour before the endless corridor changed . 
 suddenly , with little warning , it opened out . 
 josh was expecting a large room , maybe engineering or the crew deck . 
 what he got , was something else . 
 something impossible . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he asked in a voice that shook uncontrollably . 
 mimi took a step closer to him , banging into his arm . 
 she took a sharp breath that shuddered in surprise . 
 this ... was impossible . 
 chapter 19 she had never seen anything like it . 
 okay , so mimi had n't travelled as much of the galaxy as she 'd like , but growing up as her father 's daughter , she had seen plenty of the milky way 's wonders . 
 from the floating islands of the alpha moons , to the triple suns of the scorpion cluster , she knew fully well that this galaxy had its fair share of surprises . 
 what was before her was ... though they were presumably inside a spaceship and most definitely under the desert , it looked as if she had suddenly been transported into a forest . 
 a massive room opened up before her . 
 in fact , she was n't even sure it was a room ; she could n't see the ceiling above nor the walls beyond . 
 instead it was as if the hallway had abruptly ended and had somehow transported them to another planet . 
 the floor gave way to dirt and an array of dark , lustrous plants . 
 there were ferns and vines and shrubs . 
 a grey-green and purple -- they were not too distinct from the flora of earth , though here and there some more luminescent . 
 there was a strong breeze marching through the room , and it rustled the leaves causing a low but constant whisper . 
 the breeze brought with it the unmistakable scent of dirt , water , and plants . 
 either she was staring at a very sophisticated hologram , or somehow there was a veritable forest in the middle of this ship underneath the baking sands of the planet above . 
 though at first she looked to josh to figure out what was going on here , all too soon it became apparent he was just as surprised as she was . 
 there were no stars , no sun , and no moon down here , so the only light came from those softly luminescent purple leaves . 
 it was enough to create a kind of eerie glow , but certainly not enough to discern the ceiling or walls , if in fact they were there . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 she finally broke the silence , keeping her voice low . 
 josh jolted in surprise , turning to her quickly and pressing a finger over his lips . 
 the last time he tried to shut her up , he 'd slammed a hand over her mouth . 
 it had n't hurt her , and yet for some reason she could still feel the indent of his fingers against her lips . 
 she tried not to let the memory distract her as she turned her attention back to whatever was before them . 
 with a tentative , careful move she reached a hand out to touch the closest planet . 
 immediately josh grabbed her arm and pulled it back . 
 in many ways , it was ironic . 
 she had warned him not to touch that black spike , and he 'd ignored her . 
 now he was the one on high alert . 
 she could feel the tension in his hand as he clasped her wrist . 
 `` we should go back , '' he concluded . 
 still holding onto her arm , he pulled her backwards . 
 she resisted . 
 `` should n't we ... explore ? 
 we have n't passed another way out . 
 what if there 's one just beyond , '' she swallowed hard , `` this forest ? '' 
 josh did n't miss a beat . 
 `` we 're getting out of here . 
 come on . '' 
 he tried to pull her again . 
 she resisted . 
 `` josh , should n't we -- '' `` leave ? 
 yes , we should leave , '' he concluded before she could finish . 
 then , with more force than before , he pulled her forward . 
 they almost reached the lip of the corridor again . 
 suddenly a noise filtered in from far down the hallway . 
 low and thumping , it was footfall . 
 she stiffened , but it was nothing compared to josh 's reaction ; she could feel his whole body tense , and she watched as his eyes widened in frightened anticipation . 
 before mimi could question whether it was the wind or some lost animal , voices rang out . 
 though they were still too distant to discern , she could make out a low and ominous sounding laugh . 
 without a word , josh pushed her away from the hallway and into the forest . 
 it was such a weird sensation to have the damp large leaves brush against her legs as she hurried forward . 
 barely an hour ago she 'd been in the desert above , and a lush jungle had been the last thing on her mind . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 did n't tell her where they were headed , did n't speculate about what or who could be behind . 
 he pushed her forward , one hand locked on her shoulder as he took up position behind . 
 she tried to control her footfall , tried to be careful about where she stepped , but a few times she stumbled . 
 josh did n't let her fall for long . 
 he grabbed her up each time and kept pushing her onward . 
 mimi had been frightened before in her life , terrified even . 
 but she 'd never endured an experience like this . 
 being chased . 
 no , worse than that , she was n't even sure she was being chased . 
 maybe the group behind did n't know she was here . 
 or maybe they were tracking her relentlessly . 
 she had no idea . 
 she had to keep her breathing controlled and her footfall measured nonetheless , and she had to worry that each noise she made advertised her position . 
 if it were n't for josh right behind her , she would have become frantic long ago , likely falling over and breaking a leg on the uneven , vine-clogged terrain . 
 with him by her side , though , he navigated a safe path through the jungle , maintaining a healthy pace , but never forcing her into a run . 
 she was more than thankful he was here with her , even though she 'd cursed his very existence barely an hour ago . 
 she 'd accused josh of changing his personality from moment to moment , but maybe she was the same . 
 she kept oscillating from convincing herself he was a brute to realizing he was the only reason she was alive . 
 now was not the time to ponder those facts . 
 as josh led her further into the jungle , the terrain changed . 
 the vegetation became sparser , dense clumps of vines and ferns giving way to only a few bushes scattered across the dirt . 
 they also began to approach ... something . 
 with the bare illumination offered by the luminescent leaves , it took a while to realize what it was . 
 the closer they got , however , the more she recognized it was some kind of building . 
 about 10 meters high and made of a pitch black matte metal , it was the oddest thing she 'd ever seen -- a building within a jungle within a ship . 
 if she 'd been in the right frame of mind , she would have realized this could make a great story for the news . 
 then again , an equally compelling tale could tell of how the only child of theodore chester was kidnapped and killed . 
 as they approached the strange building , josh hesitated , but only for a fraction of a second . 
 as he did , mimi heard the voices even louder . 
 there was now no mistaking they were being followed . 
 though she barely had the time to notice , she was dimly aware that the building ... did n't feel right . 
 it gave her the same creepy , foreboding sensation that the black spike had done . 
 she did n't have the luxury of running from it . 
 josh grabbed her once more and led her around the side of the building . 
 though they were running now , no matter how fast they went , the voices behind grew louder and louder . 
 josh tightened his grip on her wrist . 
 either he was trying to stabilize her so she did n't fall over , or he was trying to comfort her . 
 both were welcome . 
 they raced around the side of the building . 
 there were no plants growing next to it , nothing but moist dirt piled against its walls . 
 the voices grew louder . 
 she could hear footfall . 
 thump , thump , thump . 
 it was heavy , it was fast . 
 her heart felt like it would tear from her chest , her breath felt like it could n't come fast enough . 
 they rounded the edge of the building . 
 suddenly , there was light . 
 she had to bring a hand up and cover her eyes at the sudden brilliance of it . 
 it took her a moment to realize where it was coming from . 
 then she saw it . 
 a door was opening in the side of the building . 
 the wall of smooth black metal was opening up , bleeding a bright white light as it did . 
 josh hesitated . 
 the voices got louder . 
 they were angry , excited , vicious , victorious . 
 josh hesitated one single second before running away from the light . 
 he tried to direct them into the forest , but the second he did she started to hear voices in front of them . 
 this time josh did n't hesitate -- reversing direction with a smooth turn , he pushed her towards the open door and into the light . 
 she barely had a chance to orient before something fantastic occurred : the doors closed . 
 whisper quiet and impossibly fast , they shut , blocking off the desperate angry voices from outside . 
 the doors were so thick that once they were in place , silence returned . 
 no more scrabbling of feet , no more vicious laughter . 
 only the sound of her frantic breath . 
 it took only a few seconds for the thankful smile spreading across her face to freeze . 
 she turned and looked at josh . 
 his eyes wide with terror , he stared back at her , his gaze shifting behind as he surveyed the room around them . 
 `` we 're safe -- '' she began . 
 `` we are trapped . '' 
 chapter 20 how had he been so stupid ? 
 he led her right into a trap . 
 because that 's what this was . 
 he may not have realized that at first , but now there was no denying it ; those voices had pushed them towards this door . 
 led them , like lambs to the slaughter . 
 he watched the relief on mimi 's face freeze . 
 her eyes widened with terror as she stared at him . 
 `` ... what do you mean it 's a trap ? '' 
 she asked in a whispered , desperate voice . 
 how could he have been so stupid ? 
 mimi had been right ; they should have concentrated on trying to form a ramp to get out of here . 
 now , they 'd likely never get that chance again . 
 he turned on the spot , clamping a hand over his sweaty mouth . 
 the room was brilliantly lit . 
 he was n't even sure where the light source was coming from , but it was so damn bright in here he could see everything , from the set of stairs leading down to their left , to the ever mounting fear crossing mimi 's expression . 
 he still did n't know what this place was , but now more than ever he was certain of one fact : it was dangerous . 
 recently , he 'd heard reports of barbarians luring scavengers and fortune hunters into abandoned vessels . 
 they 'd capture them and try out some new weapon on live targets . 
 there should n't be any barbarians in this sector , but that did n't mean he could stop his imagination from obsessing over what the barbarians could do to mimi chester . 
 `` josh , what 's going on ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 he turned to look at her . 
 maybe it was the first time he 'd ever really just looked at her . 
 up until now , he 'd held a lot of preconceived notions about miss chester . 
 a lot of hate , too . 
 now , as he looked at those startling blue eyes filled with worry , he could n't help but feel that none of that mattered anymore . 
 it was very damn likely they were both about to die . 
 her eyes searched his . 
 `` josh ? 
 what 's going on , what do we do ? 
 should we head down those stairs ? 
 should n't we get away from these doors before whoever is out there manages to get in ? '' 
 if only he had a weapon . 
 a gun , an electro whip , a frigging knife . 
 anything . 
 `` josh , what do we do ? '' 
 `` mim , it 's a trap , '' he said bluntly . 
 `` we were pushed in here , '' he acknowledged as he turned over his shoulder and stared warily towards the stairs . 
 it was obvious , or at least to him , that someone or something wanted them to continue down those stairs . 
 what was down there , he did n't know , but he could guarantee it would n't be a party . 
 `` how can you be sure it 's a trap ? '' 
 `` the voices pushed us here . 
 the door opened and closed mightily conveniently . 
 it 's a trap . '' 
 `` ... or maybe ... something is looking out for us . 
 we do n't know what the ship is , but it could have certain security protocols in place . 
 maybe it can understand that we 're being chased , and it opened the door to help us , '' she said hopefully . 
 he did n't even bother replying . 
 he 'd never been one for wishful thinking . 
 again he stared warily at the stairs . 
 there was no way he was going to follow them and continue down into this building . 
 he was n't an idiot . 
 mimi took a step back and swiveled her head from the stairs to his face . 
 she took another step back , and surveyed the door . 
 `` we ca n't stay here , and we ca n't go back out there . '' 
 she did n't get an opportunity to finish her sentence . 
 suddenly something struck the doors . 
 they did not open , but they buckled . 
 close enough to mimi that they pushed against her shoulder as something protruded through the metal . 
 she screamed . 
 he darted forward and pulled her back , one sweaty hand locked on her shoulder as his heart jumped into his mouth . 
 just as the metal stopped groaning from the impact , it was struck again . 
 the deafening blow rang out through their small room . 
 without any options , josh grabbed her and headed for the stairs . 
 the stairwell , like the room above , was well lit . 
 made of the same dark metal , it shone under the powerful lights . 
 again he was reminded of how unusual the architecture of this ship was . 
 and that was n't even taking into account the fact there was a massive jungle in the middle of it . 
 it was the feeling , the strange sense that clawed up his spine as he hurled himself down those stairs , his footfall ringing against each step . 
 the stairwell kept heading downwards , looping around and around , but never leading to another level . 
 if his heart was in his mouth before , now it had jumped clean out of his body . 
 with no level to exit on , there was nowhere to go but down . 
 they were completely trapped . 
 could it really end like this ? 
 his career , his life ? 
 running through some mysterious ship with a woman he barely knew , but one he knew enough to loathe . 
 okay , not loathe , but close enough . 
 well , not even close , but the point was , he could n't believe it would end with mimi chester by his side . 
 he 'd always imagined he 'd go out on some team mission , or alone in some abandoned cave full of rebuilders . 
 this just did n't feel right . 
 he reminded himself quickly he could n't get ahead of himself ; they were n't dead yet . 
 and maybe that 's why it did n't feel right . 
 it was n't time to feel surprised that this would be his ending ; it was time to ensure it would n't be . 
 mimi was doing a good job of keeping up . 
 maybe it was sheer terror , or maybe she had n't forgotten all her training from the academy . 
 they both hurtled down the stairs , and thankfully she did n't trip once . 
 the more stairs they flew down , the more he found himself wondering just when this stairwell would end . 
 how big was this ship ? 
 it would have to be truly massive to contain a veritable jungle and this deep building . 
 while coalition standard heavy cruisers were massive , they were never bigger than a kilometer or so squared . 
 by his estimation , they 'd already walked double that , and there was no sign the ship would end anytime soon . 
 he longed for a scanner , something more sophisticated than the medical device he had latched on his belt . 
 if he had some proper coalition equipment , he 'd be able to figure out exactly where they were and precisely what lay ahead of them . 
 instead , he would just have to find out . 
 chapter 21 she could n't believe she was still running ; this was the most exercise she 'd had in the two years since she left the academy . 
 in fact , though endurance training as a cadet was tough , it was n't nearly this hard . 
 her knees protested every step , and her lungs ached from having to draw in rapid breath after rapid breath . 
 yet she could not stop . 
 because if she stopped ... she had no idea what would happen . 
 actually , that was a lie . 
 she knew exactly what would happen ; josh would keep pushing her forward . 
 he was n't about to let her die . 
 she was more thankful than ever for his presence . 
 without him , she would have succumbed long ago to whoever or whatever was chasing them . 
 though mimi was n't sure she believed josh , she could n't deny there was a strange feeling welling within her . 
 it was the same uneasy fear that had settled upon her when she 'd first come across the spike . 
 except it no longer repulsed her ; it felt as though it pulled her forward . 
 as if it was leading her . 
 if she 'd had time to truly assess that thought , she would have realized how terrifying it was . 
 but she did n't have the brainpower ; all her emotional and mental energy was funneled into pushing her onward . 
 just when she thought the stairs would never end , they did . 
 abruptly . 
 they spilled out onto a long metal walkway . 
 as she stared around , she realized it looked like some kind of hangar . 
 no , that was n't right ; it was more like a tunnel . 
 as her feet struck the floor , she realized there were massive rails embedded into it . 
 with one glance at the ceiling , she also saw a continuous row of lights embedded in the metal . 
 if she had to guess , she would wager this massive tunnel once housed an equally massive vehicle or vehicles . 
 perhaps some kind of train , or ships . 
 considering the incredible size of this spaceship as a whole , it was n't a surprise that they 'd need a massive transportation system like this within the ship . 
 still , as they ran through it , she could n't help but feel dwarfed . 
 the ceiling was so high above , and the rails lodged into the floor so massive , that she felt like she was nothing more than a speck of dust in space . 
 just where was she ? 
 had she really come across the black mass ? 
 could it honestly be some relic from the first age ? 
 while that would be the story of a lifetime , it would be a particularly short lifetime ; she could still hear her pursuers . 
 clearly they had managed to break through the door , and now their thundering footfall rang out over the stairs . 
 josh did n't stop . 
 he never stopped . 
 he might hesitate for a brief moment , but that was it . 
 having gone through the academy , she 'd seen her fair share of bravado . 
 she 'd also seen people try to act like heroes . 
 the e club was the perfect example . 
 the group of elite recruits who lived off the myth of heroism . 
 she 'd convinced herself real heroes did n't exist . 
 if josh somehow got them through this , she 'd have to revise her theory . 
 they kept running , and though she stumbled more and more , he would n't leave her behind . 
 just as she swore she heard a gunshot echo out from behind her , the tunnel opened out . 
 they came down a dip , and then , without warning , the tunnel gave way to a massive room . 
 unlike the jungle above , this was well lit , fantastically lit , in fact . 
 for in the middle hundreds of massive pillars of light stretched from the floor to the ceiling far , far above . 
 it was an arresting , incredible sight . 
 she 'd never seen anything like it . 
 when she heard a surprised hiss escape josh 's lips , she realized it was likely new to him too . 
 a constant throbbing emanated from the room , traveling through the floor and shaking up into her feet and knees . 
 `` what the hell is this place ? '' 
 josh asked in a badly wavering tone . 
 she could n't answer ; she did n't know . 
 she could n't even begin to imagine . 
 though those hundreds of pillars of light could somehow form the engine of this incredible ship , she doubted it . 
 they were unshielded , and she could n't see any devices connecting to them that would shunt their power to drive the rest of the vessel . 
 then again , she was so far out of her depth here it was useless to speculate . 
 they had both stopped on the edge of that cavernous room . 
 suddenly a shot rang out from behind . 
 this time there was no doubting what it was ; a massive pulsing burst of energy narrowly missed josh 's shoulder and ate into the floor a meter to his left . 
 he launched towards her , pushed into her with his shoulder , and sent them both rolling down into the room below . 
 there was a long incline , and they tumbled a good 20 meters before coming to a stop . 
 despite the surprise of it all , mimi kept her body controlled , and did n't break anything nor bruise her shoulders and back too badly . 
 josh got to his feet first . 
 he tugged her up just as another bullet sank into the ground by his feet . 
 `` move , '' he screamed at her . 
 desperation a white hot lump in her belly , mimi stumbled forward . 
 she ... . 
 could n't believe it would end here like this , with him . 
 a man she 'd barely met and one who clearly loathed her . 
 she had always imagined she 'd get married , explore the galaxy , and grow old , just like her grandmother had . 
 mimi could never have guessed it would end in a first age ship with a man like josh cook . 
 she had so many things she wanted to achieve , so many places she wanted to explore . 
 these thoughts came upon her fast , flashing into her consciousness as death loomed . 
 she may be an academy dropout , but she could appreciate the situation . 
 there was an unknown number of enemies on a rise above them with high yield particle weapons . 
 she was unarmed and out in the open . 
 it was only a matter of time ... . 
 she focused on the feeling of josh 's hand around her wrist , let it distract her from the unbelievable fear . 
 then mimi chester was shot in the back . 
 chapter 22 it was just as he turned to her that it happened . 
 just as he opened his mouth to scream her name . 
 one of the particle rounds sliced into her back . 
 it was so strong , it sent blood splattering over her front in an arc . 
 she was torn from his grip . 
 there was nothing he could do to hold onto her . 
 the bullet swung her around , and sent her skidding down the incline to his left . 
 time slowed down . 
 he saw her tumble away from him in slow motion , the blood blossoming through the hole in her middle and over her clothes . 
 she struck the bottom of the incline , falling on her back , her limbs collapsing around her as her head lolled towards him . 
 her eyes were open , and with striking blue clarity they stared lifelessly back at him . 
 he ... . 
 he ... . 
 `` mimi ! 
 mimi ! '' 
 two bullets sank close to him , but he did n't react . 
 he stared at her . 
 stared at the blood , stared at the open eyes . 
 she ... could n't be dead . 
 out of his peripheral vision , he saw three figures come into view . 
 he saw they were likely scavengers , or pirates . 
 it did n't really matter . 
 they held heavy particle weapons , and expressions that told him he would be next . 
 maybe they had followed mimi from town , or maybe they 'd chanced upon this vessel just after he had . 
 it did n't matter . 
 they would view mimi and him as competition . 
 and as a former pirate himself , josh knew exactly what you did with competition . 
 he wanted to defend himself , but there was no point . 
 he could n't pull his gaze from mimi . 
 from his peripheral vision , he watched the three scavengers slowly walk down the rise , lifting their particle weapons and aiming them at him . 
 josh stood there , his hands loose by his sides , his shoulders hunched in , his eyes locked on her . 
 in the past , he would never have given up . 
 that 's why he had the job he did ; few could cut it as a special commander , and only those with the tenacity to continue on no matter the odds . 
 but the odds right now were impossible . 
 he was exposed , he had no weapon , there was nowhere to run . 
 and mimi was dead . 
 he would not turn and run ; he would not be shot in the back . 
 finally he raised his head and stared at them . 
 he watched the closest one leer at him , pulling back its lips to reveal yellow tusks . 
 josh did n't flinch . 
 the scavengers raised their guns . 
 they did n't fire . 
 in a split second , something incredible occurred . 
 mimi had fallen into a section sunk about 20 centimeters into the floor . 
 around her was a metal ring . 
 in an instant , it glowed . 
 a brilliant , blinding white , it was like standing next to a sun as it was born . 
 then ... mimi started to lift into the air . 
 her body limp , blood still trickling out of the wound in her middle , she raised off her feet , drifting upwards as if she was stuck in a zero gravity field . 
 the scavengers took that exact moment to fire at him , but their bullets slammed into an invisible force field around mimi , one that sent them ricocheting back . 
 one scavenger managed to dart to the side , but the other two were struck by the redirected blasts . 
 they were dead before they hit the floor . 
 that white glow continued to bleed from the metal ring at mimi 's feet . 
 with a humming zing so loud it set his teeth chattering in his head , a pillar of light shot up and encased her completely . 
 in the blink of an eye the light connected to the ceiling high above . 
 for a heart pounding moment he stared at it . 
 stared at her body as it became completely encased in light . 
 then he heard the scrabble of the scavenger 's boots as it tried to skirt around the light towards him . 
 something clicked in josh . 
 he 'd been ready to give up before , now he saw an opportunity . 
 he shoved hard to his right , pushing himself into a sprint . 
 he came around the side of the light , and spied the two downed scavengers . 
 their guns were gone . 
 just as he realized this , he heard the other scavenger behind him . 
 josh threw himself to his knees and rolled to the side just as two bullets slammed into the spot where he 'd been standing . 
 he jumped to his feet , dodging to the left and the right as the scavenger squeezed off three more shots . 
 the guy was big , probably a minator , judging by his massive yellow tusks and tiny pin prick eyes . 
 they were a formidable foe , and josh had fought more than a few in his time . 
 usually , he had his armor to rely on . 
 now , all he had was anger and desperation . 
 without thinking , he threw himself at the minator . 
 the guy was easily twice josh 's size , but right now , that did n't matter . 
 josh rammed his arm around the guy 's throat , pulling him back , despite the alien 's height . 
 with a growl that pierced the air like thunder , the minator brought his arm back and elbowed josh hard in the ribs . 
 josh heard a crack , and felt the snapping of bone in his chest , but he did n't stop . 
 he rammed his arm tighter against the alien 's throat , screaming as he did . 
 the minator tried to elbow him again , but josh blocked out the pain . 
 with one final heave , the alien managed to throw josh off . 
 grabbing hold of his collar , flipping him over his shoulder , and slamming him to the ground . 
 the air was pushed from josh 's lungs , but that did n't stop him from whipping around with his legs , and catching the minator on the back of the knees before the brute could sink one of its sharp tusks into josh 's stomach . 
 the alien stumbled to the side , and josh took the opportunity to kick him again viciously in the back of the knees . 
 this time the guy buckled , and josh pounced to his feet , wrapping his hands around the alien 's back . 
 like most minators he was wearing heavy armor , but it did n't extend to his throat . 
 all minators had a sensitive sense organ just underneath their jawbones . 
 for this reason , they hated covering it up with thick layers of armor . 
 it was right under their jaw , and well protected by the rest of their face . 
 you could only get to it by digging your fingers in . 
 josh screamed again as he redoubled his effort , trying to shove his fingers as far under the guy 's neck as he could . 
 his chest was filled with a blinding pain from where his ribs had broken , but he did n't stop . 
 he did n't stop . 
 the alien tried to throw him off one last time , but josh held on . 
 he found the right spot , and shoved his fingers in as far as they would go . 
 the minator jerked on the spot , convulsing wildly as it tried , in last ditch desperation , to rip josh from its back . 
 it did n't work . 
 the alien fell to one knee , then the other . 
 then it fell face first onto the floor . 
 its massive body clanged against the metal plating , then moved no more . 
 josh staggered to the side , blinking wildly as he realized he 'd won . 
 without hesitating , he grabbed all three particle weapons off the scavenger . 
 snatching the medical scanner from his belt , he confirmed that all three targets were down . 
 then josh turned back to her . 
 mimi . 
 again the fact she was dead washed over him . 
 it was so powerful , he staggered to one knee . 
 he stared at that blinding pillar of light . 
 the medical scanner was still in his hand . 
 it started to beep . 
 at first he was n't aware of it ; all of his attention was focused on the light . 
 on the fact she was dead . 
 on the fact she 'd been shot in the back and pulled from his hand . 
 in his mind , he could still see the blood blossoming over her top , see those wide blue lifeless eyes . 
 he 'd dealt with death before . 
 his family , his friends , his enemies . 
 nothing had ever been this raw . 
 this real . 
 the emotions raging through him felt like storms trapped in his heart and mind . 
 the medical scanner kept beeping . 
 finally its incessant tone pierced through his fugue . 
 he looked down at it . 
 it was registering a bio sign . 
 in the pillar of light . 
 mimi . 
 he dropped the scanner . 
 that 's when he saw her . 
 in the light . 
 something was moving . 
 her body was moving . 
 pitching around , her hands and arms coming into view as if she was trying to slam against the force field , trying to break through it and break free . 
 he did n't hesitate . 
 did n't pause . 
 special commander joshua cook jumped to his feet , took a single step back , leveled his particle weapon , and shot at the ring in the floor . 
 the very ring producing the pillar of light . 
 as the particle pulse slammed into the metal , it blistered , buckling inwards and screeching with a pitching cry . 
 then it failed . 
 the light . 
 in a hail of sparks , it disappeared . 
 mimi fell . 
 she landed on the floor with a thud . 
 then she screamed . 
 she screamed , because miss mimi chester was alive . 
 josh threw himself forward , skidded to his knees , and grabbed her . 
 he could n't believe his senses , could n't believe his eyes , could n't believe the incessantly beeping device that told him she was n't dead . 
 he 'd seen that bullet rip through her . 
 she kept screaming , then her terror turned to tears as sobbing racked her body . 
 he collapsed his arms around her , folding her against his chest . 
 she cried into his collar , her tears wet against his cheek and neck . 
 he did n't understand , but that did n't stop him from holding onto her as tightly as he could . 
 he could n't hold onto her forever -- there were still scavengers out there -- but for now , he could n't let go . 
 josh cook could n't let go ... . 
 the end of episode one . 
 episode two is currently available . 
