 trainee superhero -lrb- part one -rrb- by c.h. aalberry copyright 2015 c.h. aalberry distributed by smashwords . 
 edited by eve -lrb- www.eveproofreads.com -rrb- cover art by malice bathory -lrb- www.maliceartwork.blogspot.com.au -rrb- the saucers i was five when the saucers first attacked earth , tearing up mountains and cities for reasons that we still do n't understand . 
 there was nothing our military could do to break the aliens ' shields , and millions of people died . 
 we lived with the terror of the unpredictable and unstoppable attacks for years and it seemed that humankind was doomed to an early extinction . 
 i was seven when the first generation of superheroes , earth shield , started fighting back using technology stolen from our enemy . 
 for months those seven men and women were all that stood between earth and armageddon . 
 five of them were dead within two years . 
 most people forget that . 
 more teams of superheroes rose up to defend the earth , and when i was thirteen over three hundred new superheroes appeared within a month . 
 i think the new generation of teams was the last project my mother worked on , but her work is still classified so i may never know . 
 earth still is n't safe . 
 each team of superheroes is responsible for protecting tens of millions of civilians , but the saucers are relentless . 
 every kid knows the names if their local team , and every kid dreams of joining that team one day . 
 most people will be disappointed : less than a thousand people in the world can use the alien technology that runs the power suits . 
 now i am one of them . 
 i may not be the greatest superhero who ever lived , or the smartest , but i 'm going to end this year in a coffin or a cape . 
 this is my chance to kill saucers , and nothing is going to stop me . 
 this is what i learnt as a trainee superhero . 
 lesson one : get used to dying `` ... in summary , we remain in ignorance regarding their origin , nature , and purpose . 
 it has been suggested that they are looking for something , but there is no evidence of what that might be . 
 all we know for certain is that they bring destruction and that the superhero corps has been the only viable means of stopping them . '' 
 - confidential report to the u.n. on the tenth anniversary of the alien attacks . 
 `` the saucers are the biggest threat humanity has ever faced ; superheroes are a close second . '' 
 - extract from dark fire 's journal read out at his court-martial . 
 i 'm the kind of guy who gets into trouble a lot , but it 's not always my fault . 
 despite what you may have heard , i only broke the quarterback 's nose because he and his friends were trying to throw me into the dumpster and i did n't want to go . 
 i was suspended from school for that , but not for long enough . 
 i 've been in far worse trouble , anyway . 
 when i was twelve , i snuck into my mom 's workshop and electrocuted myself on some of the alien technology she had been working on . 
 i was clinically dead for a whole minute before mom found me . 
 you would think i would have learnt my lesson from that , but i was back in that lab within a week . 
 mom had to make a whole new security system to keep me out . 
 so sometimes trouble finds me and sometimes i find trouble , but in either case i get more than my fair share of problems . 
 i 'm sitting in class and sketching exploding saucers as i wait for the last few minutes of the school day to trickle past . 
 my teacher glares at me , but she knows i can do the work . 
 i mastered the high school math syllabus years ago when mom was still homeschooling me . 
 those were better days . 
 the only thing dad ever taught me is how to cheat at cards . 
 he 's a little bit too good at it , which is why he 's banned from every casino in the country . 
 today i 'm looking for a special type of trouble : today is my seventeenth birthday , and i have an appointment at the superhero corps recruitment office to find out if i have what it takes to be a superhero . 
 the odds are against me but , like my dad , i plan on cheating probability . 
 let 's just say that i found some alien tech in my mom 's workshop that will give me an unfair edge . 
 i doubt mom would have approved , but dad probably would if he ever found out . 
 the bell rings and i 'm out the door before my fellow students have left their chairs . 
 i 'm halfway to freedom when someone grabs my neck and slams me hard against the corridor wall , holding my face against the bricks . 
 ouch . 
 a figure leans against the wall beside me with an air of affected relaxation . 
 it 's james , the quarterback , and he 's brought a few friends . 
 `` i never thanked you for this , '' james says , tapping his nose . 
 it looks better than it had before i broke it , but his father is rich enough to hire the very best plastic surgeons . 
 james nods , and the guy behind me punches me in the back . 
 both he and james are bigger and heavier than me , and i know i 'm in trouble . 
 james smiles and slaps the side of my face . 
 `` i heard you have an interview today ... but i do n't think we need scum like you protecting the earth , do we ? '' 
 he 's right , i have an interview today and i ca n't afford to show up late or covered in bruises . 
 i ca n't miss my chance , not for this . 
 not for anything . 
 so i cheat and use one of the little tricks i found in mom 's workshop . 
 i blink my left eye three times to activate it , and alarms burst out along the corridor . 
 that 's part one of the plan . 
 `` saucers ! 
 seek cover ! 
 saucers ! 
 seek cover ! '' 
 the alarms shout . 
 the goons behind me releases me and run down the corridor , but james is n't as easily fooled . 
 he grabs my shirt and drags me to the window . 
 traffic passes slowly by , and a helicopter flies past . 
 the alarms die and i try to break james 's grip . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 he asks , `` that 's illegal ! '' 
 he 's right , but then so is beating up classmates . 
 part one of the plan may not have worked , but part two is bearing down on us . 
 i look down the corridor , but james does n't take the bait . 
 he should because my best friend , tenchi , is sprinting towards us and he does not look pleased . 
 james takes a swing to punch me , but tenchi grabs his arm and floors him . 
 james hits the ground hard and rolls into a fighting stance , but his shoulders sag when he sees who has come to my rescue . 
 `` oh , his nursemaid , '' james says . 
 tenchi 's mother is japanese so he moves like a ninja and his father is australian so he hits like a freight train . 
 if that was n't enough , he also has black belts in a number of martial arts including a couple that are only semi-legal . 
 james is a big guy , but even he wo n't mess with tenchi . 
 he backs off and i laugh . 
 i want to enjoy this sudden turnaround in my fortunes , but tenchi grabs my arm and drags me away . 
 `` we have places to be , dude ! 
 ca n't be late ! '' 
 james scowls but lets us go . 
 tenchi pushes me through the school car park and into his ancient grey car . 
 the car is so old that it still has a cassette player instead of a real sound system , but we get around that by wiring his phone directly to the speakers . 
 we always have the music up loud , because the rust bucket rattles alarmingly at any speed over a walking pace . 
 it 's only one breakdown away from the junk pile , but we ca n't really complain , because new cars are rare these days . 
 besides , tenchi regards the faulty brakes and dirty windows as a challenge rather than a problem , and his faded wheels are still the fastest in town . 
 `` i had that under control , '' i say , ignoring the fact that i had called him to help . 
 tenchi slams on the accelerator and we speed off in a cloud of blue smoke . 
 tenchi does n't say anything about having to rescue me , but he gives me the same knowing smile that he uses whenever he gets me out of trouble . 
 `` today is important , dude , ca n't have you flunking your interview if we are going to be partners ! '' 
 partners . 
 tenchi has already been accepted into the superhero corps next intake , and i have no doubt he will be the best candidate they have ever seen . 
 the only thing holding him back is an epic fear of heights that is going to make flying a bit tricky . 
 maybe he can just shut his eyes . 
 `` thanks man ! '' 
 i say , just like i always do . 
 we swerve past a cyclist and fly through a traffic light just as it turns red . 
 tenchi is n't worried about getting a speeding ticket ; the local cops know he 's going to super school so they wo n't trouble him . 
 it takes us less than a minute to get from our drab high school to the superhero corps office , a new record . 
 the office is in the most beautiful and expensive part of town overlooking the lake . 
 usually we could n't even afford to park around here , but the superhero corps office has car parks reserved for interviewees , and tenchi pulls into one at speed . 
 `` hey , can you see something up there ? '' 
 he asks , pointing at the sky . 
 i ca n't see anything at first , but i stare until i think i can see a dark speck of color amongst the clouds . 
 `` a plane , '' i guess , although big planes are rare these days . 
 i lose the speck in the sky and turn my eyes back downwards . 
 i take a nervous breath and let it out slowly ; this is a big moment for me . 
 `` wait , '' says tenchi , and he hands me a box wrapped in red paper and delicate silver ribbons . 
 i raise an eyebrow at the fine work . 
 `` happy birthday , dude ! 
 mom did the ribbons , '' he says . 
 tenchi 's mom is an origami master , so i tease the ribbons open carefully and put them aside for later . 
 inside the box is a purple egg that snaps open to reveal a thin polymer leaflet as wide as my hand . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 it 's a tat-a-gotchi , an animated tattoo that grows and evolves over time . 
 tat-a-gotchis are expensive , ornamental and totally cool . 
 lots of supers have them . 
 i slap it on my arm and it embeds into my skin . 
 it stings a little . 
 the tattoo flickers and displays a small purple egg surrounded by a set of controls . 
 the eggs will hatch soon and turn into a unique animated creature that responds to my voice and mood . 
 `` thanks man , you should n't have ! '' 
 for tenchi 's last birthday i took him out for pizza and a terrible b-grade movie , ` mighty max vs. the saucers from hell ! ' 
 it was even worse than it sounds , but we enjoyed it . 
 i wanted to get him something better , but it took me months of saving just for the pizza . 
 `` no worries ! 
 i have one , too . '' 
 he shows me a glowing turquoise egg on his upper arm . 
 it has n't hatched yet , either . 
 we still have a few minutes before my interview , but there 's no point us waiting in the car , so we walk out and stop by the big glass doors that lead into the superhero corps office . 
 `` you 've got this , right ? '' 
 asks tenchi . 
 he looks a little nervous . 
 `` i 've got this , '' i say and smile with more confidence than i feel . 
 we step forwards . 
 the glass doors slide smoothly aside for us . 
 i 'm breathing too fast , and my hands are sticky with sweat , but i try to relax . 
 the surroundings help : the superhero corps office is large , calm and beautiful . 
 the place looks more like a private club than a recruiting office , with comfortable leather chairs set beneath a chandelier . 
 the walls are lined with huge screens in elegant wood frames , each showing collections of pixel-perfect images of superheroes and grainy images of saucers . 
 i 'm obsessed with saucers , but i 've never even seen a good photo of one because their presence disrupts electronics . 
 plus the aliens tend to kill anyone who gets too close , naturally . 
 i recognize all of the active and retired superheroes on show . 
 i have the whole collection of superhero posters on the walls of my room from the first team , earth shield , to newest team of third-generation superheroes , the hollywood nine . 
 i find my favorite poster , the one i have opposite my bed so that it 's the first thing i see every morning . 
 it shows the portraits of a team called the legends : a team of four superheroes that formed when i was eleven and disbanded when i was thirteen . 
 in those short years they took out more saucers than any team before or since . 
 their leader , master bansuri , was a bald japanese superhero who had been in the original earth shield line-up . 
 he looks old , but his eyes were still bright . 
 on his right is the general , the superhero who now commands the superhero corps and the only member of the legends still active . 
 i 've always thought he was the coolest of the legends , and that 's saying something . 
 the other two members of the legends were cold comet , a beautiful and talented superhero who died in battle , and dark fire , who was officially declared dead three years ago but who has unofficially been seen more times than elvis . 
 cold comet is smiling in poster , but dark fire looks grim and a little angry . 
 cold comet and dark fire do n't look like superheroes , but they were two of the best , and if they could do it so could i. every day i wake up and look at that poster ; it 's got me through some hard times . 
 `` dude ? '' 
 asks tenchi , interrupting my thoughts . 
 a superhero corps officer is sitting behind a dark desk in the corner . 
 he ignores us , although he interviewed tenchi and sold me most of my posters . 
 beside him is a waiting area corner with leather chairs and a coffee machine . 
 tenchi 's parents are waiting there , and both look worried . 
 i 'm glad ; they 've been like family to me . 
 his tiny mother , jen , gives us both a hug . 
 she was born in japan and is responsible for tenchi 's love of all things ninja and robot . 
 his father , kev , is a tall , heavyset man who spent his youth in rural australia and has the robust sense of humor to prove it . 
 tenchi grew up speaking japanese and swearing like a sailor , a strange combination . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 kev asks . 
 `` i guess , '' i say . 
 `` they 'll be lucky to have you , '' jen says . 
 `` if they say that you do n't have what it takes , '' kev says gruffly , `` you tell them to get - '' `` - your father ... ? '' 
 jen interrupts with practiced ease . 
 `` he could n't make it , '' i say quickly , although i 'm not sure he even tried . 
 she gives me a kind smile , the kind i normally hate getting . 
 for once i do n't mind . 
 `` i 'm sure he wanted to be here , dear , '' she says kindly . 
 `` you should come around for dinner tonight , '' kev says , `` i 'm cooking . 
 barbeque . '' 
 it 's always a barbeque when kev cooks . 
 the thought of it makes me hungry . 
 the officer at the desk looks up and pretends he has only just noticed me . 
 `` it 's time . 
 please follow me . '' 
 he leads me to a large interview room with a view over the lake . 
 the room is empty except for a wooden table with chairs on either side . 
 i sit down before my jelly legs betray me , and the officer places a small black box on the table between us . 
 he confirms my name and address in a bored voice , and then we begin . 
 `` everything discussed during this meeting is considered confidential under the superhero corps laws . 
 breaking this confidentiality is considered treason under these laws and is punishable by death . 
 do you agree ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` yes , '' he corrects me sternly . 
 `` yes , '' i echo . 
 this man does not have a sense of humor . 
 `` your mother died in a saucer attack three years ago , '' he says . 
 it 's not a question . 
 my mother was famous for her work , and her death was heartbreaking for my father and me . 
 a thousand people died in the attack , so i was n't alone in my grief . 
 i nod to the officer , but he points at the recorder . 
 `` that 's correct , '' i say . 
 he rolls off a list of my sporting achievements and extramural activities , which does n't take long , and then moves onto my academic achievements . 
 these , at least , are more impressive . 
 `` ... and advanced physics , '' he finishes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` allergies ? '' 
 he asks , reading from a list on his computer screen . 
 `` strawberries . '' 
 `` medical conditions ? '' 
 `` mildly asthmatic . '' 
 those are just the easy questions ; everyone gets those . 
 the hard part comes next . 
 he places a red box on the table and my heart misses a beat . 
 this is it ; this is the real test . 
 he waves to the box and i place a hand on it . 
 i start up all the chips in my head ; it 's now or never . 
 a little blue l.e.d. lights up , but there is no other sign that anything is happening . 
 the officer looks at his computer screen and types a brief note . 
 did i do it ? 
 am i in ? 
 i 'm frantic to find out , but the officer is in no hurry . 
 `` thank you . 
 we now move on to the second phase of the interview . '' 
 i have no idea what this means , and i sit forward eagerly . 
 the officer , in contrast , is in no hurry to work down his list of questions . 
 `` if offered a position at superhero corp , do you agree to waive all rights to freedom of speech , movement and association from the moment you enter the superhero corps training facility and until further notice ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nods and ticks a box . 
 `` do you agree to medical treatments including - '' `` yes ! '' 
 i interrupt impatiently . 
 he holds up a finger in warning and carries on . 
 `` - including , but not limited to : surgical , psychological , neurological , nutritional , physiological , radiation , chemical , hormonal , genetic , cybernetic , infranetic and other interventions not approved by any international body or listed here ? '' 
 wow . 
 what does infranetic even mean ? 
 `` um ... yes , '' i say , with less confidence than before . 
 `` thank you , '' he says , making a note . 
 he stands up , looks me in the eyes for the first time and puts out his hand . 
 i shake it , not knowing what it means . 
 he hands me an envelope and smiles . 
 `` congratulations . 
 these are your joining instructions . 
 you are the town 's second trainee this year . 
 there must be something in the water . '' 
 i stand there dumbly for a second . 
 `` you 're in , '' he explains , `` next time we meet i 'll be saluting you . '' 
 i 'm going to be a superhero ! 
 the next few minutes are a haze . 
 i walk out , and everyone hugs me . 
 i feel amazing . 
 i 'm going to be a superhero . 
 `` why do n't you boys hit the lake for a few hours ? 
 dinner 's at six , '' tenchi 's mom says . 
 `` barbeque , '' his dad adds proudly . 
 we have nothing to do but celebrate , so tenchi and i drive his car to a park on the lake . 
 i 'm still shaking a little from the adrenaline as he cranks the stereo and we sit on the hood , enjoying the perfect moment . 
 the lake is an intense spectrum of blue , from the very dark to clear turquoise . 
 there is n't a cloud in the sky , and most of my high school is already splashing in the water . 
 a few kayaks float lazily in the lake . 
 one of them is much further out than the others . 
 `` that 's stace out there , you know , '' tenchi says with his cheshire cat grin . 
 i ca n't recognize her from this distance , but he 's probably right . 
 i 'm feeling far too good to blush at his teasing . 
 we walk down to the water 's edge with a fair bit of swagger and look out over the gentle waves . 
 `` best day ever ! '' 
 tenchi says , slapping my shoulder . 
 we are going to be superheroes . 
 we are going to be superheroes ! 
 then the music skips and splutters . 
 `` just a glitch , '' i say , but i pull out my phone to check its status . 
 phones are always the first to go during a saucer attack . 
 mine seems okay , but the reception is way down . 
 then the song dies , and my phone screen goes dark . 
 we run over to the car and flip the radio to the emergency channel . 
 `` seek ... - elter , seek ... . 
 shelter ! '' 
 the radio crackles . 
 i panic and try to use my dead phone . 
 tenchi is already moving , climbing onto the shack 's roof . 
 `` saucer ! 
 saucer ! 
 saucer ! '' 
 he screams . 
 people start moving fast , racing out of the water and into their cars . 
 high school cliques and divisions are forgotten as people pile into whatever car they can find . 
 i see james and his friends squeezing two nerds into the back of their overloaded car and waving more people on . 
 tenchi keeps shouting until he can see that everyone has heard him , and then leaps down to his car . 
 `` we have to wait for stace , '' i yell , and he nods . 
 she was the furthest kayak from shore , and it feels like forever before she lands beside us and jumps into the car . 
 everyone else has already left , and the lake is quieter than i 've ever seen it . 
 `` hi stace , '' i say , and she gives me a worried smile . 
 the nearest shelter is across town , which should only be a few minutes away . 
 tenchi takes the most direct route down the main street , but we are cut off by the ruins of a fallen clock tower . 
 `` here we go , '' he mutters . 
 a lumbering figure stands on top of the ruins . 
 it 's a triclops , an alien with three arms each ending in a laser cannon . 
 tenchi makes a handbrake turn as the triclops scours the ground around us . 
 we swerve down a side alley , knocking over trash cans as we flee . 
 the car scrapes along a water pipe but we squeeze through and skid into a broad street lined with tall trees . 
 it had been a beautiful area yesterday , but now most of the trees are on fire and the road is already littered with burning cars and glass . 
 we start driving , but a car cuts tenchi off and races down the street . 
 `` no good ! '' 
 yells stacey , pointing out another triclops at it leaps off a roof and right into our path . 
 tenchi hits the brakes and we slide into a tree . 
 the car that cut us off does n't stop in time and runs right into the triclops . 
 there is a bright flash that leaves the car as flat as if it had hit a cliff wall , but the triclops is unscathed . 
 `` out ! '' 
 stacey orders . 
 there is smoke everywhere . 
 we escape behind the safety of a suv and hunker down . 
 the triclops turns and walks away , ignoring us but firing at random into shops . 
 glass shatters and bricks melt beneath its haphazard barrage , so we keep our heads down . 
 i hear glass crashing further down the street as a kid bursts onto the road . 
 she sees the triclops and freezes in panic . 
 the triclops turns towards her , lasers red and ready . 
 we are too far away to do anything . 
 james leaps out from behind a tree , grabs the kid and dives back into cover . 
 he moves fast , just not fast enough . 
 the triclops hits the tree , sending james and the girl flying through a cloud of splinters . 
 they land in the street , completely exposed . 
 the girl runs to safety , but james falls over as he tries to stand . 
 `` he 's broken his leg , '' whispers tenchi . 
 we stare in horror ; james looks right at me , and i swear his eyes meet mine . 
 we both know what happens next . 
 james shakes his head in disbelief . 
 the triclops incinerates him , leaving nothing behind but ashes . 
 tenchi pulls me aside before we are next , and the building behind us explodes showering us in hot brick and glass . 
 the blast knocks us over , and my ears are ringing as i stand up . 
 tenchi grabs me , points down the street and says something , but i ca n't hear . 
 he shakes his head and points at the ground to where stace is lying unconscious , then back down the street to where the triclops is heading for us . 
 `` i 'll distract it , you take stace and run , '' says tenchi . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i protest , but he 's gone . 
 i throw stace over my shoulder and i start walking as fast as i can , looking back over my shoulder to make sure tenchi is okay . 
 i hear lasers firing behind me , and tenchi yells something that sounds like `` faster , dude ! '' 
 we reach an alley , and i relax enough to look behind me . 
 i ca n't see tenchi . 
 windows start exploding around us , so i drop stace and fall to the ground . 
 i 'm bleeding pretty badly , but i try to shield her with my body as best as i can . 
 she opens her eyes and smiles a little . 
 `` stace ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` idiot , '' she says . 
 `` what ? 
 this is n't my fault . '' 
 `` this is the first time you 've spoken to me all year , and now we are going to die . 
 idiot ! '' 
 ah . 
 i really am an idiot . 
 i see a scout ball near us . 
 it 's nothing much more than a laser cannon mounted on two thin legs , but it 's more than enough to do us in . 
 i freeze , but it starts walking towards us anyway . 
 stace holds my hand and closes her eyes as she passes out . 
 `` sorry , '' i say again , but she does n't hear me . 
 the scout walker explodes in a brilliant flash of white flame . 
 a familiar figure floats over its ruins . 
 it 's the general ; we 're saved ! 
 he flies towards me , staying about three feet off the ground . 
 the general taps a button on the side of his helmet and the faceplate folds away revealing an angry face covered in sweat . 
 wires and metals plates run over his bald skull and back into his green suit . 
 it 's really him , the general , one of the greatest superheroes who ever lived , the man i 've always admired , the man who - `` get to a shelter , idiot ! '' 
 he snarls , swiping the air with a massive blue sword . 
 `` huge fan - '' i mumble . 
 my head is a bit foggy . 
 i want to ask for his autograph , but instead i just roll next to stace and groan . 
 the general 's eyes flick over to stace and then back to me . 
 the look in his eyes makes my whole body freeze . 
 `` what . 
 are . 
 you . 
 doing . 
 with . 
 my daughter ! '' 
 he roars , and with each word his sword swipes closer to my face . 
 `` who - '' he blasts the ground beside me with a blue laser . 
 i can feel the heat and my mind shoots into overdrive . 
 stace is unconscious , covered in blood and wearing a bikini . 
 i realize that this does n't look good for me , but the general does n't stop to ask questions before he blasts me with blue lightning that rips through my body . 
 i roll away and open my hands . 
 `` it 's not what you think - '' a bolt of lightning rips through the air and blasts the wall behind me . 
 i scramble towards stace ; maybe being close to her will keep me safe . 
 `` my daughter ! '' 
 the general screams , flying towards me . 
 he kicks me in the chest and i feel a rib break as my body lifts off the ground . 
 i moan ; my childhood hero is trying to kill me . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 a car explodes nearby , showering the general in boiling metal that rolls off his shields . 
 lightning crackles down his arm and leaps into my body . 
 i spasm and scream , dropping to the ground . 
 i 'm going to die . 
 a superhero drops from the sky and glides between me and the general . 
 she hovers in an unusual , cross-legged stance as if she were sitting on an invisible flying carpet . 
 i recognize her as blizzard master . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she says , but the general blasts me again . 
 blizzard master spreads out her hands and a wall of green ice bursts from the ground in front of me and takes the brunt of the general 's storm . 
 the pain stops , and i breathe again . 
 whew . 
 something heavy hits the dome ; cracks appear . 
 i ca n't see through the dark ice , but i can hear what sounds like explosions . 
 a single spark sneaks through the cracks and hits me in the chest , dancing painfully across my whole body and throwing me hard against the alley wall . 
 the pain is incredible . 
 my vision starts to fade , my heart stops . 
 and , for the second time in my life , i die . 
 lesson two : no one cares what you think `` superheroes are our brightest and our bravest . 
 we teach them how to use their powers to serve humanity , to be the heroes we all need , the saviors of humanity , the very best of us . '' 
 - official superhero corps website . 
 `` superheroes are ordinary people with extraordinary abilities of destruction . 
 think about that , and if you are n't scared then you have n't been paying sufficient attention to the world . '' 
 - email from dark fire to an unidentified recipient , read at dark fire 's court-martial . 
 i wake up on a mattress that smells of old socks and failure . 
 i open one eye and find myself in a long hall with a high ceiling . 
 ropes hang from the ceiling , and i can see treadmills and racks of weights in near , grim rows . 
 a climbing wall dominates the wall near me , promising hours of tricky handholds and painful falls . 
 i 've died and hell is a high school gym class . 
 it 's just like i always feared . 
 `` up , '' says a stern voice , but i ignore it . 
 i know i 'm no saint , but no one deserves this . 
 what did i do that was so bad ? 
 i can remember trying to save stace , and being chased by the general , but i ca n't quite remember what happened next . 
 did he really say that stace was his daughter ? 
 did she survive ? 
 did tenchi ? 
 cold fear descends on my heart and i desperately try to piece together what happened . 
 `` up ! '' 
 insists the voice again . 
 my body does n't hurt . 
 it should ; i heard bones crack as i passed out . 
 maybe they gave me a new body when i arrived in hell , but i do n't see why they would bother . 
 maybe i 'm not in - `` up ! '' 
 yells the voice , and my neck erupts in pain . 
 i put my hands to my throat and find a thin collar wound tight around the skin . 
 it burns my neck and burns my fingers when i try to tear it off . 
 i scream , and the pain stops suddenly . 
 `` get up . '' 
 i get up clumsily . 
 i 'm wearing grey tracksuit pants and a pale orange shirt that has red five written on the chest . 
 i have n't seen the pants or shirt before , which means that somebody dressed me while i was still asleep . 
 creepy . 
 there are six other people in orange standing in a ragged line beside me . 
 three are men , two are women and one is androgynous . 
 they all look older than me , decades older in some cases , and they look as confused as i feel . 
 we are all wearing tight metal collars around our necks . 
 facing us are a bald older man and a young woman with short blond hair . 
 they are both in black shirts trimmed with gold , and the way they stand suggests they are in command and take a no-nonsense approach to punishing their new batch of sinners . 
 the man stands upright and in a military manner with his arms behind his back but the woman seems far more interested in the data feed projecting from a pin on her shirt . 
 both the man and the woman are wearing similar collars as us the seven of us who have just stood up . 
 `` my name is past prime , '' says the man , `` and this is never lies . 
 we are now in charge of your training . 
 do as we say , or we will initiate your collars . '' 
 past prime looks familiar . 
 really , really familiar . 
 `` i 'm not meant to be here ! '' 
 protests the man beside me , and a couple of the others nod in agreement . 
 i do n't even know where here is , although my mind is so slow that i 'm not too sure who i am just yet either . 
 i 'm still trying to work out of this is hell , purgatory or a nightmare . 
 at least i 'm wearing pants , so i guess it 's not a nightmare . 
 never lies sighs theatrically and shakes her head . 
 `` you are not here by mistake , '' past prime says , `` all of you are here because you have potential , but you failed in some way . 
 some of you have been kicked off superhero teams , some of you are criminals . 
 what you did , who you were or who you know is no longer important . 
 you will serve in the cerberus brawlers , or you will spend the rest of your lives in jail for treason . '' 
 the cerberus brawlers ? 
 i 've never heard of that team , and i thought i knew them all . 
 i 'm not the only confused one , and many of my team are unhappy at finding themselves treated so badly . 
 `` i do n't belong here , '' a man shouts , `` and when - '' my collar explodes in red-hot pain and all seven of us hit the mattresses . 
 `` up , '' says past prime patiently . 
 i get up , and i 'm the first to my feet . 
 i 'm still not sure where i am or what is happening , but i 'm learning to respect that voice . 
 the others are slower , but past prime waits without hurting us further . 
 `` service or prison , you decide . 
 the technicians are going to set you up now . '' 
 men and women in blue shirts flock to us . 
 one straps a set of sensors onto my arms and the side of my head while another checks the movement of my arms and legs . 
 they take blood samples , test my blood pressure and shine lights into my eyes . 
 they treat me like i 'm nothing more than a science experiment , poking and prodding with an enthusiasm that worries me . 
 my mind feels sluggish , so i just sit back and let them do their work . 
 never lies wanders over to where i am and gives me a look like she does not like what she sees . 
 she shakes her head and turns away . 
 `` i 'm not a criminal or a failure , '' i say loudly to her , `` so i think - '' `` no one cares what you think , trainee , '' she interrupts curtly and walks away without even looking at me . 
 `` i - '' `` - set , '' interrupts a technician , `` now for the suit . '' 
 the men and women in blue are replaced by a team in green with big boxes . 
 the boxes hold parts of a bulky suit of padded armor , and the technicians start dressing me . 
 everything fits snugly together , but the suit is bulky and surprisingly hard to move in . 
 `` just like the real thing , '' says a technician in green , `` so get used to it . '' 
 it feels like i 'm wearing three wetsuits all at once . 
 it 's uncomfortable to say the least , but i do n't have time to protest before the technicians walk me to a treadmill and start me running . 
 i fall over a few times until i find my rhythm ; it 's like running underwater , only not as fun . 
 the running helps clear my head ; i 'm pretty sure that this is n't hell . 
 i 've read dante 's inferno , and it made no mention of technicians or blood tests . 
 plus , the suit i 'm wearing looks a lot like the power suits that superheroes wear on their missions . 
 i remember being accepted into the superhero corps , so am i in some strange training program ? 
 i let the treadmill dump me on the ground and walk over to never lies . 
 she does n't look surprised to see me . 
 `` the last thing i remember was my town being attacked , '' i say , `` i need to know if my father and friends survived . '' 
 i expect her to shock me or order me back to work , but never lies checks the data feed hanging in the air in front of her face . 
 she scans the list quickly . 
 `` you father is fine . 
 there were thirty-nine deaths from the attack . 
 check the list . '' 
 she spins her feed around so that i can read the list . 
 my dad is n't on the list , and neither is tenchi or his family . 
 that 's a relief , but i recognize most of the names of those who died . 
 i do n't know how to feel : i 'm sad for the people who were killed , yet happy that my friends and family are okay . 
 mostly i feel angry ; none of those people should have died . 
 `` those numbers are two weeks old , and are final , '' she says . 
 two weeks ? 
 what have i been doing all that time ? 
 i have a hundred questions running through my head , but never lies looks impatient and there is really only more one answer i need . 
 `` will i get to fight saucers ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` the cerberus brawlers kill more saucers than any other unit . 
 pass your training and we 'll make you part of the team . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say and turn back to the treadmill . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 she calls after me . 
 `` do n't you want to know where you are , or why you are here ? 
 you must have more questions . '' 
 `` my family is safe , and i 'll get to kill saucers . 
 what more is there ? '' 
 i hear her laugh as i get back on the treadmill and start running . 
 i run until my legs hurt , and then i stop and crash onto the ground , bouncing on the soft mats . 
 a women in white brings me a bottle of water and an apple . 
 it 's crisp and juicy , much better than the ones dad buys from the grocery store . 
 other men and women in white shirts are handing out water and fruit to the other trainees , almost like the airplane stewards in old movies . 
 `` next station ! '' 
 orders past prime . 
 the armor is heavy , and it takes two technicians to help me to my feet . 
 the next station tests how fast i can respond to flashing colored lights . 
 i jump for blue , duck for red , turn left or right for green and pink , and freeze for yellow . 
 i 'm not great at it , but i do my best . 
 the technicians record my every movement with cameras mounted in floating drones . 
 after a while the lights stop , and the green-shirts lead me to a rope hanging from a platform about sixteen feet off the ground . 
 if this was a movie , it would be time for a training montage but i really , really hate gym . 
 i do n't even make it halfway up the rope before i slip back down and land heavily on a mattress . 
 `` saucer ! '' 
 i shout in frustration . 
 superheroes do n't need to climb ropes , they can fly . 
 why am i doing this ? 
 past prime walks over to me and looks down . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` up , '' he says . 
 i do n't get up ; i 'm exhausted . 
 my collar fires up and pain arcs over my body . 
 i roll around until the pain stops . 
 `` up , '' prime says quietly . 
 i sit up . 
 `` this is killing me , '' i mutter to myself . 
 past prime grabs my arm and pulls me to my feet . 
 he points at his arm and it changes color to a metallic red . 
 he 's a cyborg from the shoulder down . 
 he lifts a trouser leg and his foot is metal , too . 
 i wonder how much of him is still original . 
 `` this training might kill you , '' he says seriously , `` but the saucers will definitely kill you if you are n't ready for them . 
 our job is to make you ready . 
 we use a carrot and stick approach , and the collar is the stick . '' 
 `` what 's the carrot ? '' 
 `` not getting the stick . 
 now , up that rope . '' 
 he starts climbing the rope beside mine . 
 he 's really fast , even with his fake arm and leg . 
 i feel pretty bad being beaten by a man who is fifty years older than me and who only has one real arm , so i start climbing . 
 i get all the way to the top and climb onto the platform where past prime is waiting for me . 
 `` good , '' he says , `` now if you need to rope climb to escape a saucer you can . 
 i had to , once . '' 
 i recognize him now . 
 `` master bansuri , '' i say , `` that 's who you are . 
 i have your poster in my room . '' 
 he looks right at me , his face carefully blank . 
 my dad taught me how to tell when people are bluffing , so i know that he 's concealing something from me . 
 `` my name is past prime , and that is what you will call me , '' he says . 
 i notice that the ground around me is covered in thick and well-used mattresses . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 past prime asks me . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 a large ball flies out of nowhere and hits me in the gut . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 i stagger right off the platform and hit the mattresses hard . 
 `` up ! '' 
 i climb back up the rope and back onto the platform . 
 a ball shoots from my right and hits me in the leg , but i do n't fall . 
 the next ball hits me in the back of the head , and i fall to my knees as dozens more balls bounce off me . 
 none of them hit past prime . 
 i fall off the platform , and climb again . 
 my arms are burning ; i do n't think i can make that climb again , and i do n't see why i should have to . 
 `` and what 's the point of this training ? '' 
 i mutter , `` since superheroes can both fly and have shields . '' 
 `` they can and do , '' he answers in measured tones , `` but being physically strong means faster reflexes and greater resilience . 
 on your feet . '' 
 the balls start flying again , and one knocks me off the platform . 
 i hit the ground hard enough to make the world go black for a second . 
 past prime leaps off the platform and lands in an elegant roll right beside me . 
 `` you will have shields , but they will only absorb ninety-nine percent of whatever hits you . 
 that last percent hurts . 
 a lot . 
 you need to be in peak condition to survive . '' 
 i did n't know that the shields let part of an attack through . 
 no wonder all the superheroes i 've seen are in great shape . 
 `` i 'm no athlete , '' i say . 
 `` i know , i read your file . 
 we have a few tricks to help people like you , but you still need to work as hard as you can . 
 we wo n't push you any more here . 
 next station . '' 
 the technicians lead me onwards . 
 never lies is waiting for me , tapping her foot as if she has better places to be . 
 beside her stands a huge tattooed man in a red shirt who looks like he enjoys hurting people . 
 the name on his shirt says violent behavior . 
 he does n't look like a superhero ; he looks like the hired muscle working for the bad guy in a spy film . 
 `` helmets , '' never lies says , and violent behavior passes me a helmet . 
 he smiles ; his front teeth are missing . 
 i put the helmet on . 
 it 's heavy , uncomfortable and dark . 
 `` i ca n't see anything , '' i say . 
 `` program initiating , '' a robotic voice whispers in my ear . 
 a picture appears in my visor : it 's a floating ball topped with a laser cannon . 
 the picture is computer drawn but accurate as far as i can tell from what i 've seen on the internet . 
 `` floating scout '' says the voice in my helmet , `` known weaknesses are shown . '' 
 most of the scout glows red . 
 the picture fades and is replaced by another scout , this one red . 
 `` scout bomb , '' murmurs the voice in my ear , `` may self-destruct explosively . 
 attack from range . '' 
 i nod ; that 's good advice . 
 the scout bomb fades away and is replaced with a tricops like the ones that attacked my town . 
 `` simple triclops , capable of range attack , '' my helmet says , `` known weaknesses are shown . '' 
 the triclops only has a few weaknesses , but i do my best to remember them . 
 the program progresses to flappers , which are weak fliers armed with rockets , then on to an eight-armed beast called an octo-ape that can fly . 
 each of the octo-ape 's arms ends in some terrible bladed weapon . 
 it only has one weakness , in its head . 
 the back of its head . 
 `` the octo-ape is a close combat expert . 
 do not engage , '' advises the program . 
 `` okay , '' i say , although i probably would if i saw one . 
 we move onto all the familiar soldiers found in saucers , from the large cube-tanks to the tiny spider-pods that clump together to form larger shapes . 
 there were neutron-squids , eccentrically shaped oddpods , and floating mushrooms armed with plasma missiles . 
 there were also seven additional variants of triclops , each scarier than the last . 
 my helmet suggests that i avoid almost all of them , even the little ones . 
 it 's pretty disheartening that even the training programs think i 'm incapable . 
 i realize that every type of saucer creature could fly , if only for short distances . 
 i do n't know why i never thought about that before . 
 `` phase two of the training program begins . 
 highlight the known weaknesses with your eyes . '' 
 a circle appears on the visor screen . 
 i move my eyes and the circle moves as well . 
 a second scout appears . 
 i point out its weaknesses , highlighting what i can remember . 
 the scout is replaced by an octo-ape . 
 i highlight its chest with my laser before realizing i 've made a mistake . 
 `` mistake , '' agrees the helmet . 
 i get another unpleasant shock on my collar , but i remain standing . 
 the octo-ape appears again , and i highlight its weakness correctly . 
 the helmet continues through a list of aliens that i am mostly familiar with . 
 the threat of pain focusses my mind like never before , but soon i 'm too exhausted to continue . 
 i start making mistakes , and after my third shock in a row the pictures fade . 
 `` training complete , '' the helmet whispers . 
 i take the helmet off and fall to the ground . 
 a steward passes me a bottle of water and a sandwich . 
 the food is delicious , better than anything i have eaten before . 
 a technician in light blue checks my pulse and takes more blood as i eat . 
 i wonder what they are learning about me . 
 my arm begins to itch , so i pull my sleeve armor off and see my tat-a-gotchi hatching . 
 the egg cracks , and a thin silver worm crawls out of the egg . 
 it sprouts thin , pale wings which it flaps a few times as though it has no idea what they are for , then rolls up and falls asleep . 
 lame . 
 i pull my armored sleeve back down . 
 `` next station , '' says one of the technicians , ushering me to what looks like a bullet the size of a car mounted on a thick robotic arm . 
 the bullet is lowered to the ground and the top flips open to reveal a small , cramped space inside . 
 there is a seat in there , and a harness , but it looks incredibly uncomfortable and claustrophobic . 
 a bald technician stands beside a computer screen , tapping it impatiently . 
 `` climb in , '' he orders , `` and get used to it . 
 this is how you are going to get to battle from now on . '' 
 i squeeze in and do my best to strap myself down . 
 `` i thought supers just flew into battle , '' i say doubtfully . 
 `` nah . 
 flying long distances drains too much power . 
 most teams parachute out of planes , but we use these babies . 
 they 'll get you anywhere in the world in under twenty minutes . '' 
 most teams parachute out of planes ? 
 how could i not know that ? 
 i thought i knew everything about the superheroes , but i 'm learning that the superhero corps has been keeping all kinds of secrets from the public , including the existence of this team . 
 `` twenty minutes ? '' 
 i say , impressed . 
 `` twenty awful minutes , '' the bald technician adds thoughtfully , `` so best hold on . '' 
 the capsule closes and leaves me in the dark . 
 there is a row of leds in the roof . 
 most are green , but one is flickering orange . 
 `` simulating re-entry , '' says the technician 's voice over a speaker , `` ejection in five minutes . '' 
 the capsule starts rolling and spinning uncontrollably . 
 more leds flash orange and the capsule lurches like a roller coaster falling off its rails . 
 i 'm pressed hard against the straps and spun upside down and side to side . 
 it 's a terrible ride , and it feels like an eternity before the capsule spits me out into the air and i land face first in a pile of soft foam . 
 i try stand up , but the world is still spinning and i fall backwards . 
 a couple of techs pull me to my feet and check my balance and reflexes . 
 one of them is holding a bucket , but i do n't need to use it . 
 `` ugh , '' i say . 
 it looks like they were betting on my performance , because money changes hands and the bald technician looks cranky . 
 `` best get used to it , '' says the winning technician , `` the real thing is going to be worse . 
 now , let 's do that again . '' 
 i 'd really rather not , but they help me to my feet , drag me back to the capsule and strap me back in . 
 `` ah , saucer ! '' 
 i swear as the capsule clicks shut . 
 the second ride is even worse than the first , and by the time i emerge from the foam i 'm convinced that my first impressions were right , and that i am in hell . 
 there are no technicians to help me out of the foam pit , so i drag myself out and lie on the ground . 
 `` i ... argh , '' i say . 
 a steward in white walks up and crouches beside me . 
 she has long blond hair with a streak of red in it . 
 she looks amused at my condition . 
 gen77 is written on her shirt in the same place i have red five . 
 `` firestorm commando wants to see you in the armory , '' she says , then takes a closer look at me , `` what are you , like twelve ? 
 where are your minders , anyway ? '' 
 i try to explain that everyone has left me , but she grabs my arm and leads me away from the training area . 
 we head up a flight of narrow stairs and down a long corridor . 
 this base is huge . 
 the steward knows her way around , and walks so quickly that i have to jog to keep up . 
 `` i 've never met you before , '' she says , `` when did you get in ? '' 
 `` today , '' i manage , but she only laughs . 
 `` good one ! 
 as if firestorm commando would want anything with a newbie , he thinks they are dirt . '' 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 i manage . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 have you met him before ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i have read a few stories of firestorm commando that do n't make me think too highly of him . 
 the superhero corps keeps a tight lid on their members , but word leaks out onto the internet if you know where to look . 
 i heard he set fire to a primary school he was meant to be saving , and destroyed a hospital . 
 that was about three months ago , and i have n't heard anything about him since then . 
 my world is still spinning , and i have to concentrate on not throwing up . 
 i succeed , which is a win . 
 we arrive at the armory , which is a long hall of power suits , weapons , and strange glowing computers . 
 a man in red power armor is waiting for me . 
 i do n't recognize him , but that 's not surprising . 
 `` red five ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` i guess , '' i say . 
 `` excellent . 
 i have orders to take you on the next mission . '' 
 `` ah ... i do n't think - '' `` shut up , get out of that silly practice suit and get dressed for combat . '' 
 gen77 shakes her head and ducks out of the armory . 
 technicians in green shirts pull my practice armor off and push me towards a battered power suit . 
 it 's dull silver , with burn marks down one side and huge metal patches on the chest . 
 one of the arms looks brand new , but that that just makes me wonder what happened to the person inside when the old arm was lost . 
 the techs start to take the suit apart and pull it over my shoulders . 
 `` i have n't seen you before , '' says a technician with concern . 
 `` i just arrived today , '' i mutter . 
 i must have been more convincing the second time , because the technicians stop their work and look at me . 
 one of them starts to put the suit back on its rack but firestorm commando storms up , slaps one of the technicians hard and yells abuse at the others . 
 the technician he slaps hits the ground and does n't get up . 
 `` do as i say ! '' 
 he screams at them . 
 the technicians swallow their doubts and start getting me ready again . 
 a senior technician called bad memories checks their work and then shows me a reflection of myself in a mirror . 
 i am not impressed . 
 `` now , i know what you are thinking - , '' he says . 
 that the suit i 'm wearing looks like it was made by a bunch of drunks trying to build a spacesuit out of things they found in a junkyard ? 
 that they set their creation alight and then threw it down some stairs ? 
 that i 'm wearing an uncomfortable metal coffin ? 
 `` - and you are right . 
 this , son , is a cutting edge hybrid of human and alien technology . 
 few will ever get to wear one ; it 's a real privilege . 
 try and bring it back . '' 
 `` let 's pick up the speed ! '' 
 yells firestorm commando from across the room . 
 bad memories shakes his head and pulls the last few straps tight against my chest . 
 he places a helmet over my head and i hear it click into place over my neck . 
 for a moment everything goes black , and then the visor opens . 
 the technician leans in close . 
 `` we have called someone to help you . 
 i 'm trying to slow this down to buy some time , '' he whispers . 
 `` what 's going on there ? '' 
 demands firestorm commando . 
 `` technical problems with his power , '' says bad memories , `` maybe you should leave him - '' `` he 's coming , '' says firestorm commando flatly . 
 `` fine , '' says bad memories , `` but not unarmed . '' 
 he walks me through an armory containing weapons of every sort stacked against the walls . 
 some are familiar , like the power axes and swords , but many resemble steam-powered cannons and others look disturbingly organic . 
 i see laser pistols and kinetic rifles , spears , maces and hammers of every shape and size . 
 most of them look worn , now that i see them up close . 
 these are n't the shiny props i 've seen in the movies , but are chipped and dented workman 's tools . 
 `` can i have one of those ? '' 
 i ask the technician , pointing at the axes . 
 `` no , but put this one on . '' 
 he hands me a bulky glove with a short barrel under the palm . 
 `` powerglove . 
 reliable and idiot proof . '' 
 i put it on . 
 it 's not the kind of weapon i have been dreaming about ; it looks like an oven mitt . 
 there 's no time for me to be disappointed , because the technicians lead me to a pod sitting on a conveyor belt that leads out of the room . 
 i jump in and they strap me in while firestorm commando stands behind us . 
 there is a computer screen hanging over the pod . 
 it shows a pair of maps , one of australia on the globe and one just of the western coast of australia . 
 there is a red circle around the city of perth , but that ca n't be right . 
 perth was one of the first cities attacked , in the days before supers . 
 the city was evacuated while the saucer was still hovering over it , and then the world powers tried to bring the saucer down with cruise missiles . 
 when that did n't work , they tried a nuke . 
 `` perth ! '' 
 i splutter , `` wo n't the radiation kill me ? '' 
 the technician gives me a look of pity and shakes his head sadly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , son , but radiation is going to be the least of your worries . '' 
 the pod 's cover slams down and leaves me in darkness . 
 the pod rumbles and bounces along the conveyor belt and then falls still . 
 the only sound is my fast , shallow breathing in the darkness . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the pod rumbles , and an invisible giant punches me in the chest and i fall unconscious . 
 lesson three : do n't get distracted `` this guide dedicates the next seventeen chapters to battlefield tactics . 
 an understanding of these tactics , many of which are complex , is a requirement of success . 
 we shall begin with the best method of arriving on the battlefield . '' 
 - the superhero trainee guide -lrb- third edition -rrb- , chapter six . 
 `` keep moving , keep thinking , hit hard and stay alive . 
 that 's all . '' 
 - extract from dark fire 's three-page training manual read at his trial . 
 i wake up in the cramped delivery pod just as it hits turbulence . 
 the whole pod is shaking so violently that i wonder if something has broken . 
 there are no screens in the pod , just little rows of lights above my head . 
 most are green , but a few are orange and one is red . 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 i shout , but there is no answer . 
 i do n't know if the red light is a problem . 
 i do n't know very much at all , really , except that i wish i was n't here and that all this shaking makes me feel terrible . 
 there is nothing for me to do but hold onto the handles as tightly as i can , shut my eyes and hope for the best . 
 i wonder what will happen if i throw up in my helmet . 
 the pod bounces and rolls wildly , but there are no alarms . 
 my ride is terrifying , uncomfortable and completely unglamorous , which sums up my life as a trainee superhero so far . 
 my bulky suit of power armor is tight around my chest , but i do n't have time to wonder if that 's a problem before something cracks loudly behind me , and the pod drops suddenly . 
 the lights all start flashing red , and the pod spits me into the sky . 
 it 's superhero time ! 
 i fall awkwardly , spinning in the air until i find some kind of balance . 
 my suit is a dead weight without power or movement . 
 there are no lights in my helmet or on my gloves but surely , surely they would n't just drop me out of the sky without something to stop me . 
 right ? 
 i tumble clumsily through the air , falling head over heels . 
 `` help ! '' 
 i scream until my throat hurts , but i get no answer . 
 i fall through a thin layer of clouds and see the ground racing towards me . 
 the city of perth was beautiful once , but now it 's a wasteland of ruined buildings and deserted streets filled with rusting cars . 
 i can see black streaks and craters where the first missiles hit , and a huge flat area that looks like glass off to one side of the city . 
 there are trees -- mostly dead -- and open areas that may have once been parks . 
 there can be no doubt that this is a corpse of a city . 
 i wonder what the radiation count is around here , and then i wonder if i 'll live long enough for that to be a problem . 
 it looks like the ground will get me first . 
 my helmet beeps and my suit whirs into life as the lights on my gloves start glowing . 
 my body jerks so that i am falling with my feet to the ground and my fall slows . 
 i look up to see a parachute above me . 
 thank you , unknown technician in charge of parachutes , at least now i wo n't arrive as a pancake . 
 i scan the ground for a good landing place , but there are n't many in the clutter and rubble of this ruined city . 
 it does n't matter , really , because i do n't know how to control my descent . 
 i can see movement below that must be the aliens , but i ca n't see the saucers . 
 i 'm still a few hundred meters high , and i do n't know where to land , or even how to land . 
 my parachute cords cut and i drop with a lurch . 
 `` saucer ! '' 
 i swear . 
 the ground is getting bigger every second and i 'm not sure what i 'm supposed to do about it . 
 i do n't know how to fly these suits , and i do n't have time to learn . 
 `` help ! '' 
 a bright light flashes by my shoulder and a superhero appears . 
 i do n't recognize him , but i 've never been happier to see anyone in my life . 
 the superhero reaches out and grabs my arm , moving us until we are face to face , falling together . 
 i can see into his visor ; he seems to be shouting at me , but i ca n't hear him . 
 `` ... hold on , kid , '' i hear faintly over my radio . 
 the world twists and jumps so that i am no longer high in the sky but now only seconds from hitting a skyscraper . 
 i panic and lose hold of the superhero beside me just as he teleports away , and i am alone again . 
 i slam into the side of the skyscraper and into a concrete pillar . 
 the building starts to collapse around me , and i scramble through a rain of glass shards and metal hail . 
 my shield crackles and bursts as i fight my way through to an elevator shaft , force it open and drop through . 
 i catch the cable on my way down and use it to slow my fall . 
 i reach the lobby and exit the building as it crumbles around me . 
 i should have been dead , but i 'm not . 
 i shake myself free . 
 i 'm ... fine , surprisingly . 
 but i 'm also alone again . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the roads around me are lined with dead trees and abandoned cars . 
 the buildings around me are tall and mostly still intact , but their windows are dirty . 
 there is no immediate danger , and the adrenaline rush i felt during my fall is draining out of my body . 
 my legs start shaking uncontrollably , so i drop to my knees and force my visor open . 
 i take a breath of musty air , remember where i am and slam the visor down . 
 `` this is crazy ! '' 
 i scream . 
 something moves in my peripheral vision . 
 i spin and find myself facing a scout ball . 
 we look at each other for a second in a strange standoff but i shoot first , a green spark of light that hits the scout right in its center mass . 
 the walker 's laser hits the building behind me , burning through concrete . 
 the scout topples over onto the ground and falls still . 
 it 's my first kill , but i 'm shaking too hard to enjoy it . 
 i walk over to investigate my fallen foe , stepping over its legs to look at its ruptured head . 
 i 've never seen a saucer creature so close before , but i 've read enough to know what to expect . 
 the whole body is a mess of tubes and metal flakes , with no sign of flesh or computer circuitry as we understand them . 
 the aliens have been termed organo-bots by our leading scientists , but we still have little idea of how they work . 
 a faint voice mutters over my radio , and i look up to the sky . 
 nothing . 
 apparently the saucers block the super corps radios in much the same way as they bock civilian signals . 
 i feel a blaze of heat across my back and turn to see a second walker bearing down at me . 
 i shoot out again , and hit it right between where it should have had eyes . 
 it goes down , and i feel pretty good about myself . 
 i think i 'm getting the hang of this . 
 then a blast of energy picks me up and throws me down the street , through a glass wall and into a hotel lobby . 
 i slide across smooth tiles right into a huge modern art sculpture . 
 i do n't know what message the artist trying to convey , but he used solid rock to do it . 
 i hit it head first and it feels like i was punched in both sides of the head at once . 
 my shields flicker weakly as if they might die . 
 what the heck hit me like that ? 
 a purple cubetank bursts into the lobby , scattering glass everywhere . 
 the cubetank aims its huge cannon at me as the teleporting super appears in the air behind it . 
 he empties a pair of plasma at point blank range , melting through the creature 's thick armor and right into its core . 
 the cube tank lashes out with lasers , but my rescuer teleports right above it and kills it with another pair of pistols . 
 it drops to the ground , and he flies over to me . 
 `` okay , red five ? '' 
 he asks , appearing genuinely concerned . 
 his suit is gunmetal grey with signs of wear , and he 's wearing a ragged red coat made of a light material that seems to float in the air . 
 i do n't recognize his costume . 
 `` red five ? '' 
 he repeats . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i say , and i get to my feet . 
 he grabs my arm and peers at something on it . 
 `` your shields are low . 
 we better get out of here . '' 
 the world flashes and warps as we teleport . 
 we land on the top of a tower , my savior with a gun in his hand and me with my stomach in my mouth . 
 i open my visor and throw up , but the superhero does n't seem to notice . 
 he pulls a second pistol out , a bulky thing with a single barrel . 
 he 's wearing eight or nine of the big pistols in holsters slung around his waist and chest . 
 they all look well used . 
 he flips his visor to talk to me . 
 `` that thing gave you all six barrels . 
 frankly , i 'm amazed you survived , because most of us would n't have . 
 my name is - '' a pair of small pyramids with wings strafes our position . 
 my savior teleports behind them and brings them down with two accurate shots . 
 he sheaths the pistols and draws a second pair in like he 's done it a thousand times . 
 `` - is bad day , '' he continues , `` never lies told me to look after you after she heard about this stupidity . 
 is this really your first time in a suit ? '' 
 i nod , and bad day shakes his head in amazement . 
 i flip open my visor . 
 `` should n't we keep our visors down for the radiation ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shrugs , and scans the sky for trouble . 
 `` radios do n't work near saucers , so keep your eyes open for signaling flares . 
 we need to keep moving . 
 the others will be at the marshal point . 
 feeling ready for another ` port ? '' 
 i 'm not , but he grabs my arm anyway and i close my eyes as the world starts to blur . 
 we have moved to a roof overlooking a park . 
 the roof is only a few stories off the ground , and i can see a handful of triclops and scouts pacing through the dead trees below . 
 my stomach twists again , and i open my helmet but i do n't throw up . 
 bad day laughs . 
 `` teleporting does that to people , so do n't feel too bad . 
 now , are you ready to kick some ass ? 
 i 'll head down , you can shoot from here . 
 set ? '' 
 `` set , '' i say , although i doubt i can hit anything from up here . 
 it 's not like the gloves have an aiming scope or anything like that , so i 've just been pointing and hoping . 
 bad day flickers out of view and appears behind a triclops for just long enough to melts its head , then he 's gone again before the other aliens have time to turn . 
 i shoot down at a second triclops and hit it in the leg as bad day takes down a pair of scouts . 
 he moves faster than i can follow , and the triclops are too slow to keep up with him . 
 i hit a scout as bad day takes out the rest with a few well-placed plasma bolts . 
 i 've never seen a super fight before , and i 'm impressed . 
 the fight is over in seconds , leaving a pile of dead aliens on the brown grass . 
 bad day appears at my side with a plasma gun in his hand . 
 its barrel is red hot , so he holsters it carefully and draws a replacement . 
 `` get one ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` good man . 
 shall we go ? '' 
 `` i ca n't fly yet , '' i admit . 
 `` oh , '' he says , looking surprised . 
 i feel stupid , but he just grabs my arm and we teleport to the top of an old church spire , then onto a penthouse balcony and onwards . 
 each teleport is only a short distance , but they follow each other quickly . 
 it 's not a comfortable ride , because he ca n't fly well enough to carry me long distances . 
 we drop and lurch and fall as we move , but i close my eyes , grit my teeth and hold on as my suit bangs against walls and rooftops . 
 after a while it stops , and i open my eyes . 
 we are on a rooftop balcony overlooking a river , and three other superheroes are beside us . 
 firestorm commando is here in his shiny suit , and i try to avoid him . 
 his polished , colorful armor is classic superhero , but it stands out in this grey and dusty war zone . 
 the other two superheroes are one trick in a battered blue suit with a silver helmet , and another trainee in a grey suit that looks only a little better than mine . 
 one trick flicks open her helmet and says a few words to bad day , but i do n't hear them because i 'm too busy staring at the saucer . 
 it 's an oval the length of three football fields and stands about six stories high . 
 technically this size is classed as a small-medium , but that 's hard to remember when it 's floating in front of me . 
 it 's huge , with thick shields and dozens of gun turrets . 
 i can see triclops and other aliens dropping out of hangars in its side . 
 i have always wondered how superheroes bring saucers down , and now i 'm about to find out . 
 `` what 's the play ? '' 
 asks bad day , and i snap back to attention . 
 `` distract from here while you and i flank and bomb ? '' 
 suggests one trick . 
 bad day and the other trainee nod and begin to move , but firestorm commando orders them down . 
 he opens his visor and scowls at us . 
 `` we 'll do things my way , '' he says . 
 `` red five and blue twelve will start firing and draw the attention here . 
 bad day and one trick will flank and bomb from the side while i cover . 
 set ? '' 
 it sounds to me like he just asked me and another trainee to distract a whole saucer while he hides and the other two bomb it . 
 that 's not a plan i 'm happy with . 
 `` cover us while the rookies distract the saucer ? 
 you must be joking ! '' 
 says one trick with a tone firestorm commando does n't like . 
 firestorm commando touches his glove and one trick tears at the collar around her throat , falling to her knees . 
 firestorm commando does n't stop the torture until bad day lifts a gun and places it against firestorm 's helmet . 
 `` stop that , '' he says quietly firestorm commando laughs as one trick writhes in pain . 
 `` if i die , all your collars burst , '' he says , `` so better do as i say . '' 
 bad day puts a second pistol against firestorm commando 's head . 
 `` that 's a chance i 'll take , '' he says . 
 i do n't think day is joking . 
 firestorm commando releases the button , and one trick stops screaming . 
 firestorm commando takes off into the air , and day helps one trick up and into the air after him . 
 the three experienced supers take off , leaving us two rookies standing on the rooftop . 
 i can hear them arguing as they leave until bad day and one trick fall out the sky together , recover , and continue flying . 
 it 's clear that firestorm is more than happy to use his power of the shock collars to get his way . 
 `` what a complete and utter twat , '' says blue twelve as soon as they are out of earshot , `` i ca n't believe he 's in charge of anything more important than keeping our armor clean . 
 and that 's a stupid name he has , too . '' 
 i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who was thinking that . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 blue twelve has a long rifle over his shoulder and a pair of knives in his belt . 
 his suit is battered and dirty , with a long weld down one arm . 
 he sets the rifle on the roof and sights down it . 
 he 's a serious guy , and he does n't seem too worried by being left alone . 
 `` we 'll wait five minutes , and then i 'll start shooting at whatever i can see while you keep the skies clear . 
 when this area gets too hot we fly out and start again , just like in training . '' 
 blue twelve shimmers and fades until his body is invisible against the roof . 
 `` i did n't get much training , '' i say , `` and i ca n't - '' `` above ! '' 
 blue twelve shouts and i see a pair of hooded snakes racing in the air towards us on jets of fire . 
 i take them down , but more are gathering in the air around us until we are surrounded . 
 they take turns dropping down at us , and one pushes me right off my feet with a blast of plasma . 
 `` they found us too soon ! '' 
 shouts blue twelve , `` we need to move . '' 
 he takes out a snake with a blast that disintegrates the alien into dust , but i can see that his heavy rifle is n't made for this kind of close work . 
 he drops it and pulls out a pair of long knives . 
 my powerglove does better than he does and i claim another two kills , but then my collar explodes in pain and i double over . 
 the pain is incredible , and the snakes use my moment of weakness to bombard me with blasts . 
 i try to move but ca n't , and a snake starts biting my helmet . 
 blue twelve hits the ground beside me , a snake wrapped around his neck . 
 he 's stabbing at it with a knife , but it 's too strong for him . 
 i try to blast it , but my power is too low . 
 a snake comes in for the kill and i close my eyes . 
 nothing happens . 
 i open one eye and see a severed snake head lying in front of me . 
 the others are all in pieces on the ground . 
 a superhero is floating in the air before me with his visor open . 
 it 's past prime , and he does not look pleased . 
 he 's holding a long , thin power sword in one glove and has a huge cannon of some sort mounted on his left arm . 
 the air around him is filled with flying bladed discs slicing the flying snakes into ribbons of metal . 
 these discs are what bansuri was famous for , and any doubts i had as to who past prime once was disappear . 
 `` i know you are there , '' he says , swishing his sword . 
 twelve appears as if stepping out of thin air and slumps beside me . 
 he looks wounded . 
 `` our collars activated during an attack , '' he says , `` and we were disabled . '' 
 `` accident ? '' 
 asks past prime . 
 `` no . '' 
 i can see the saucer in the sky behind past prime . 
 it is huge and threatening , a reminder of what we are fighting , a reminder that we are n't winning . 
 a light flashes as the saucer lifts a multistory building out of the ground and starts dissecting it with lasers , casting bits off . 
 i 've heard about this before , but very few civilians have seen it and lived . 
 it looks like the saucer is looking for something , but no one knows what . 
 saucers have been known to tear apart hills in the same way , or dig out chunks of ground . 
 `` bad day was meant to be looking after him , '' says past prime , `` so where is he ? '' 
 `` day is on bomb delivery . 
 firestorm commando insisted . 
 they - '' the saucer lights up in bright orange light and then explodes into huge pieces that come crashing down to earth . 
 it 's the largest fireball i have ever seen , with flames reaching up to the heavens as lumps of metal drop down around us . 
 the sound of the explosion is incredible . 
 blue twelve and i shelter from the falling saucer , but past prime just nods thoughtfully . 
 `` at least someone has their mind on the job , '' he says , `` now all we have to do is the clean-up . '' 
 he grabs my suit and tows me into the air . 
 he flies well , and my weight does n't even slow him . 
 blue twelve follows us with long jumps between buildings . 
 our path takes us over a couple of triclops , and past prime does n't even slow as he cuts them down with his spinning discs . 
 `` the aliens slow down after a saucer is destroyed , but they can still fight . 
 hunting the last ones down can be tricky , '' he explains to me as blue twelve blasts a scout into pieces . 
 i 'm feeling pretty good : one of the most powerful superheroes of all time is helping me . 
 i take a few shots of my own at a passing scout and hit it square on . 
 `` excellent shot , '' past prime says calmly . 
 oh yes , i 'm definitely getting the hang of this superhero malarkey . 
 all i need now is my own codename , and the ability to fly without being a passenger . 
 we find the others standing in the ruins of a sporting stadium . 
 the green grass and good memories are long gone , replaced with poisoned soil and rusting chairs . 
 it was quiet , empty . 
 i feel the ghosts of spectators watching us as we land . 
 we are just in time to catch the action : bad day is crouched down with a pistol in his hand and one trick is lying beside him . 
 firestorm commando is floating nearby , balls of blue energy in his hands . 
 he throws a ball at bad day who dodges in a blur but does n't fire back . 
 firestorm commando lashes out with rings of fire , but day moves too fast to be hit . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 roars past prime , dropping me to the ground and dashing between the two arguing superheroes . 
 `` you ? 
 you were n't meant to be here , '' says firestorm commando in surprise . 
 `` no , and you were n't meant to be trying to get your team killed , but here we are . '' 
 firestorm commando points at me and shakes his head , clearly disappointed that i 'm still alive . 
 `` him ? 
 do you know who he is ? 
 what he has done ? 
 the general wants him dead - '' `` - and you want to get back in the general 's good books by throwing a trainee to the aliens without even giving him a fighting chance . 
 you coward , '' says past prime calmly . 
 `` careful , old-timer . 
 one trick said that , and it did n't end well for her , '' says firestorm commando . 
 `` coward , '' repeats past prime . 
 firestorm commando touches his glove , but nothing happens . 
 past prime slashes at the air with his sword , and then sinks the blade deep into the ground . 
 his razor discs gather around him , humming with power . 
 firestorm commando looks worried ; i would be too , if i was in his position . 
 `` i wear a collar , but it does n't respond to you , son , '' explains past prime , `` so if you want me dead you 'll have to do it the old fashioned way . 
 go ahead and try , i 'll even give you the first shot for free . '' 
 for a second firestorm commando looks like he is considering it , and i am silently egging him on . 
 i would love to see that fight , because there is no way he can take past prime . 
 i think the whole team is hoping firestorm commando is stupid enough to start something . 
 past prime looks serene , but he holds his blade ready for action . 
 `` he 's too much of a coward ! '' 
 one trick calls out from the ground , and i laugh . 
 one trick is cool . 
 firestorm commando shakes his head and spits on the ground . 
 he may be a coward , but he is n't a stupid one . 
 he floats into the air and away from past prime and throws a bolt of energy at blue twelve , knocking my fellow trainee over and then flying away . 
 i ca n't believe i had his poster on my wall for months . 
 it makes me wonder what the other supers are like . 
 `` what a dolt , '' says prime , `` i was truly hoping he would try his luck . 
 anyway , we still have the clean-up to do , so - '' a pair of octo-apes falls out of the sky in a wash of flames . 
 the other superheroes scatter , but i 'm slow to react and an ape hits me right in the chest . 
 it hammers my head with a mace while simultaneously stabbing me with a long bladed arm . 
 i fight back , but the octo-ape has too many arms and too many weapons . 
 `` help ! '' 
 prime splits it in two with his sword and the parts fall to either side of me . 
 he looks down at me and sighs . 
 `` looks like you need a medical team . 
 this is why we ca n't afford to get distracted , '' he says . 
 i try to agree , but breathing is becoming harder and my vision fades . 
 my words get jumbled up as i speak and make no sense . 
 no one cares what i think , anyway . 
 lesson four : the more you sweat in training , the less you bleed in battle `` most of our trainees do not survive their first ten missions . 
 the reason for this is as difficult to accept as it is simple : our training is not preparing them for battle . 
 we are failing them . '' 
 - master bansuri , senior trainer in the superhero corps , in his final address to the corps inner council . 
 `` most of our powers are based on pure instinct . 
 instinct ca n't be taught , and it 's a waste of time to try . 
 our training should focus on surviving . '' 
 - extract from dark fire 's journal read at his trial . 
 i wake up on a soft bed . 
 my head hurts , and my body is stiff and painful when i try to move . 
 my tat-a-gotchi buzzes on my arm impatiently , so i smash the feeding button until it quietens down . 
 it takes me a few minutes before i realize that i was in a superhero battle . 
 `` i 'm alive , '' i say , and i can hear the surprise in my own voice . 
 i like being alive . 
 i 'm in a small , windowless room i 've never seen before , and i 'm wearing my tracksuit again . 
 i notice two words carved into the wall beside the bed , over and over again . 
 `` simon smith , '' i read aloud . 
 the wall is hard plastic , and i have no idea why anyone would bother to carve their name into it . 
 this must have been simon 's room , and i wonder why he does n't need it anymore . 
 i shrug and look around the room for clues . 
 my room is sparse : just a bed , a chair , and a desk with simon smith carved all over them . 
 that guy really liked seeing his own name . 
 `` i wonder if we are underground ? '' 
 i say aloud , because the room has no windows and everything around me is built of metal rather than brick or concrete . 
 i sit down at the desk and find a stack of thin books lying in a folder . 
 i pick one and read the cover : ` tactics and weapons use ' . 
 `` i 'm ... really in superhero school ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there are two doors to the room . 
 one leads to a tiny bathroom , and the other is locked . 
 apparently i 'm not free to wander , so i sit back down at the desk . 
 `` computer on , '' i say . 
 there is no sound . 
 i sigh . 
 how can it be possible that this room does n't have a computer ? 
 maybe the voice recognition is disabled . 
 i touch the metal chip behind my ear . 
 it beeps once , then twice . 
 one beep for on , two beeps for a wireless connection . 
 win . 
 a display flickers across my tat-a-gotchi . 
 most people do n't know that the tats can also work as computer screens , which is a useful trick . 
 i open up the settings and find that voice control had been turned off months ago and that the computer had not been used since then . 
 i turn the voice and hand controls on , because using the chip gives me a headache . 
 that 's the problem with untested technology , but i suppose i ca n't really complain . 
 the computer is connected to a network with a lot of security and firewalls , but i have a lot of skills from my misspent youth . 
 most of the security is designed to prevent people from accessing the network from outside , not from within . 
 it takes me about an hour before i get onto the internet and log onto my email . 
 `` eight video mails , '' the computer says . 
 the first is from tenchi . 
 his worried face appears in miniature on my arm . 
 `` dude where are you ? 
 the hospital said you were taken away to a special facility , wtf . 
 call me . '' 
 `` reply , '' i say . 
 `` no upload possible . '' 
 okay , i guess replying is out . 
 the next video is from my dad . 
 `` where are you ? 
 i was on the way to the superhero corps office to see you but they said you were already gone . 
 then i was caught up in the attack . 
 they said you were taken to hospital . 
 call me ! '' 
 typical dad : the best intentions but always late to the party . 
 i 'm just glad that he is safe . 
 i ca n't reply to that email , either . 
 the next five videos are from dad again , tenchi again , dad and tenchi together , a spam company offering me millions to work from home , and dad a last time . 
 he looks a lot more cheerful than before . 
 `` we were told you are healthy and in training , but that you ca n't communicate with us . 
 good luck , son , i know you 'll be great ! '' 
 the last video mail is from a sender i do n't recognize . 
 i open it up and see stace looking right back at me . 
 she smiles , and my heart misses a beat . 
 wait , what ? 
 `` stace ? '' 
 i say in surprise . 
 `` hey , i got this email from a friend who says you were taken to a training camp . 
 i just wanted to say thank you for saving me ! 
 i hope training is going okay , i heard it 's pretty tough ! 
 hang in there and you 'll be fine . 
 i know you will be a great superhero ! '' 
 someone bangs on my door and startles me . 
 i initiate the power down and memory wipe programs i had loaded to remove any trace of my messing with the computer and then answer the door . 
 a steward in a white shirt is standing with a plate of fresh fruit and pastries . 
 he offers them to me and i pick a few . 
 there is a glass of fresh orange juice that i down far too quickly , and a set of multi-colored tablets . 
 i eat quickly while the steward waits for me . 
 `` past prime wants you in the training room . 
 please follow me . '' 
 he leads me to the training hall where past prime and a handful of technicians in green are waiting . 
 the technicians hand me a set of padded gloves and a helmet . 
 the gloves are comfortable enough , but the helmet is heavy and cuts off my peripheral vision in much the same way as my suit helmet had . 
 past prime dons similar gear and pulls two batons from his belt . 
 the batons start glowing brightly ; i have a bad feeling about this . 
 `` pain sticks , '' he says , and holds a glowing blade against his skin . 
 he removes it a second later , and the skin is already red and blistered . 
 `` two sticks for you , two sticks for me . 
 we fight until you submit or you hit me . 
 now , show me what you can do ! '' 
 the sticks are heavy but well weighted . 
 tenchi has shown me a few moves for sword fighting , but i 'm not great at it . 
 past prime hits out at me and i parry clumsily . 
 he hits again , a blow aimed at my neck that i step back from . 
 suddenly his blows are coming at me with startling speed . 
 i feel a burn across my neck and a second on my arm . 
 past prime retreats a little . 
 `` you are too slow , too cautious , too easy to read . '' 
 i attack with a lunge that he parries with ease . 
 i feel his pain stick on my back and strike out desperately , hitting nothing . 
 past prime closes in on me and my arms erupt in pain . 
 i drop one of my sticks and do a terrible job of parrying with the other . 
 i try to protect my face with my arm , but past prime beats me until i drop backwards onto the ground . 
 i 've never hurt this bad in my life , but i still manage to get to my feet . 
 `` we stop when you submit , '' he reminds me . 
 we spin , and i get a blow under my chin . 
 i fall backwards but roll to my feet . 
 he hits me in the chest , and i scream . 
 i try to roll to my feet , but he knocks me over and i fall again . 
 i get up slowly and grip my swords . 
 i know this is n't going well , but i wo n't back out now . 
 we fight for another thirty minutes before past prime sighs and sheaths his sword . 
 i 'm covered in blisters and sweat , but i have n't even managed to touch past prime , and he looks as relaxed as ever . 
 `` you do n't know when to quit , kid . 
 sit down . '' 
 a steward brings over two chairs and sets them up for us . 
 i sit down . 
 `` i 've trained every superhero on this planet , did you know that ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` not everyone is born for this life . '' 
 he does n't think i can cut it . 
 `` i can do this , '' i say . 
 `` i can tell a lot about a person 's style by how they spar with the pain sticks ... and the news is n't good for you . 
 you are n't very strategic or fast , but you are too aggressive . 
 you are also as stubborn as a dead mule and have no idea of when to retreat . 
 that 's the kind of combination that gets people killed very , very quickly . 
 you 've also made some dangerous enemies , son , and that wo n't help . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say , trying not to show how i feel . 
 `` this is not the life for you . 
 we can offer you a way out , a non-combat position with team mercy . 
 the work they do is not glamorous , but it holds the world together . 
 we have n't made this offer to anyone else , because they would take it in a second . '' 
 he stands up and the steward appears to take our chairs . 
 `` think about it , '' he says . 
 i do , and it does n't make sense . 
 `` why would you only make that offer to me ? '' 
 `` you 're young and slow , '' he says , but one of the things i learnt from my dad is how to spot a liar . 
 `` you 're lying , '' i say , `` why only me ? '' 
 `` we know you 're innocent . 
 you do n't belong here with the misfits . '' 
 `` neither do you . 
 i bet most of the team do n't really belong here . 
 what 's the real reason , bansuri ? '' 
 he does n't notice that i called him by his old name . 
 he sighs and stands up . 
 `` i knew your mother . 
 we owe her . '' 
 `` if you knew my mother , you know why i want to fight . '' 
 past prime shakes his head and stands up . 
 `` it 's because i knew your mother that i do n't want you to fight . 
 but you have her stubborn streak . 
 do you want to meet one of her most useful inventions ? '' 
 he does n't wait for an answer but walks to an empty part of the training hall . 
 the floor here is made of worn padded mats . 
 a cube robot raises itself out of the ground in front of us . 
 it has a dozen arms , and each ends in the glowing point of a pain sword . 
 it folds away all but one arm , which it points directly at me in a challenge . 
 past prime hands me two pain sticks . 
 `` this is one of your mother 's training ` bots . 
 get past the body and hit it in center mass . '' 
 the cube starts spinning its arm slowly . 
 it takes a swing at me , but i block . 
 i dart past the arm and slam my sword right into the cube 's center . 
 `` easy , '' i say . 
 the cube unfolds two more arms . 
 `` again , '' says past prime , `` faster . '' 
 this time the arms are fast , and one lands a blow on my shoulder as i lunge at the cube . 
 i hit it dead center . 
 `` messy , boy , messy . 
 you need to block more , move better . 
 again , faster . '' 
 the cube unfolds more arms and we start again . 
 this time the robot lands a hit right in my ribs and another in my head as i fall . 
 i hit the ground and roll , but the robot pins me . 
 it digs its swords into my body and holds me for a second before letting me go . 
 the robot releases me and i gasp in relief . 
 i 'm seeing a whole new side to my mother that i had never thought possible . 
 `` up , '' says past prime . 
 we start again ; this time i get the robot before it gets me . 
 `` faster . '' 
 every time i win the robot gets another arm or starts moving faster . 
 the arms start hitting me harder and more often . 
 it hurts , but i always manage to hit the machine with my pain stick at least half the time . 
 i 'm feeling pretty good about myself , but past prime is n't impressed . 
 `` you have grit , but you are too slow . '' 
 `` show me how it 's done them , '' i challenge him . 
 he puts out a hand and i pass him a sword , handle first . 
 `` maximum speed , '' he says , `` maximum arms . '' 
 the sparring robot complies ; its arms move so fast that they blur . 
 past prime steps right inside their reach , knocking them aside with ease . 
 the spinning arms ca n't touch him ; one glowing tip gets close , but he deflects it with ease and lands a blow right on the cube 's body . 
 `` that 's how . '' 
 `` whatever , '' i say in annoyance . 
 i 'll never move that fast or that smoothly , but that does n't mean i ca n't be a superhero . 
 rhino rampage is a huge man famous for his clumsy ways when he 's out of his suit , but he is still a reasonably powerful superhero as long as he does n't need to dodge or fly too fast . 
 i could be like that ; i would settle for being a second-rate superhero at this point . 
 `` let 's take this up a level , '' past prime says . 
 the cube stands on six short legs and takes a few steps back from me . 
 it bangs its arms together as if showing me how dangerous it . 
 it 's only a robot , but i could swear it 's looking forward to this . 
 saucer , this thing is going to kill me . 
 `` scared ? '' 
 past prime asks . 
 `` bite me , old man . 
 and give me back my sword . '' 
 i 'm eating my lunch in the infirmary when never lies walks in . 
 the doc has bandaged my arms and legs until i look like a mummy , and he gave me enough painkillers to take the worst of the burn away . 
 `` ready for the next session ? '' 
 asks never lies without preamble . 
 i nod . 
 hopefully it does n't kill me . 
 `` you took a beating today , '' she says . 
 `` did i ? '' 
 i ask innocently , although there 's no point trying to hide the fact that i 'm bruised and battered . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm surprised you can still walk , but past prime said your injuries were self-inflicted and that i was to have no sympathy , so get up . '' 
 `` how ... '' i want to ask her how i 'm doing in the training program , but i 'm scared she 'll tell me a depressing truth . 
 she looks at me and raises an eyebrow . 
 i have to ask her something now , or she 'll think i 'm an irredeemable idiot . 
 `` how ... um , how long do i have to keep training ? '' 
 even i think i sound stupid , and never lies just grunts in amusement . 
 mission failed : she thinks i 'm an idiot . 
 `` the more you sweat in training , the less you bleed in battle ... and you are n't sweating at all . 
 past prime was just testing your reactions ; i 'm here to test your brain . '' 
 i spend the rest of the afternoon with her . 
 half my time is spent in a training helmet , and half in a combat simulator . 
 the simulator is a whole suit of armor that feels just like the real thing , except with electric shocks instead of death . 
 it 's unpleasant , but i learn fast . 
 i fight in cities and swamps , alone and in teams of six or twenty , in the sky and on the ground and in every place you can think of . 
 i recognize every alien i see from my time in the training helmet , and i know where to hit them . 
 it 's not a test of physical speed or agility , but rather of how to react and move in combat , incorporating my knowledge of how to kill some enemies and when to avoid others . 
 `` i 'm ramping up the difficulty , '' says never lies , and aliens start appearing faster . 
 i 'm exhausted by the time we finish . 
 a steward brings us orange juice and muffins , but i do n't even have time to eat mine before never lies turns towards a big man waiting at the other end of the gym . 
 he 's dressed in a black shirt similar to the ones worn by past prime and never lies . 
 it seems to be a mark of rank around here . 
 `` his name is small talk . 
 do what he says , and do n't whine about it , '' she advises me . 
 small talk is standing by a rock climbing wall . 
 heavy mattresses are set below the wall , and they look well used . 
 small talk does n't say anything , so i start looking around for a safety harness . 
 `` wait , '' small talk says . 
 he pushes a button on his data pad and the whole rock wall starts to move slowly downwards as if it were some enormous vertical conveyor belt . 
 i 've seen this before - it 's an infinity climbing wall . 
 the idea is to climb two meters off the ground , and then the wall starts moving downwards and you do your best not to be brought back to earth . 
 the little outcrops and marks are constantly changed so that a person can climb the same few meters of wall all day and never see the same pattern of rocks . 
 a line emerges across the wall , with ` level one ' written above it . 
 this wall is far higher than any i 've seen before . 
 `` climb , '' small talk says . 
 `` should n't i - '' `` climb ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 i climb . 
 it 's easy enough , with lots of wide and well-spaced outcrops . 
 i climb to three-quarters up the wall and look down over my shoulder ; i 'm high enough now that a fall will really hurt . 
 the wall starts moving , and i keep climbing . 
 small talk is looking up at me , but he is n't impressed . 
 `` higher . 
 faster . '' 
 i climb higher ; i climb faster . 
 the wall starts moving faster , and i struggle to keep up . 
 the words ` level two ' form at the top of the wall and start descending towards me . 
 i climb over them and keep going . 
 i 'm beginning to sweat , and my hands are slippery , but i can do this , i can climb . 
 i climb over levels three and four before my arms really start to tire . 
 the handles are getting smaller and harder to reach , and my arms are burning . 
 the wall is moving downwards faster than i can climb it , and it carries me down to halfway . 
 i feel a burning in my neck and the handles disappear , leaving me with no holds . 
 i land heavily on my back with a thud that knocks all the air out of my body . 
 small talk is already standing over me . 
 he stares down at me with his grey , soulless eyes as if i were a cockroach he found in his kitchen sink . 
 `` up , '' he says again , `` you need to hit the bell at the top of the wall . '' 
 the bell is high above me , but i can make it . 
 i start climbing again , but i only make it past level two when my hand betrays me and i fall , hitting my head hard enough to knock my thoughts out . 
 i feel a burning in my neck again , and i tear so hard at the collar that i rip a fingernail off . 
 every part of my body is in agony , my neck and finger doubly so . 
 `` up ! '' 
 i climb and fall , climb and fall , climb and fall for what feels like hours . 
 i make some progress , but that saucerhat of a bell is always out of my reach . 
 eventually i get so tired that i do n't even make level two before i fall . 
 i hit one of the mattresses hard . 
 small talk shakes his head in annoyance . 
 `` your will is letting you down , not your body . 
 you need to hit that bell . '' 
 saucers take that bell ! 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 small talk walks off , and i 'm left wondering if i have what it takes to be a superhero . 
 i 'm not fast enough , and i doubt i 'm smart enough . 
 i might just be stubborn enough , though . 
 i get up and start climbing that stupid wall all over again , because i want to prove that i have what it takes , that i can do this , that i should be allowed to hunt saucers . 
 i 'll get that bell if it kills me . 
 lesson five : you are terrible at -lrb- almost -rrb- everything `` the use of weapons and powers is an integral part of superhero success . 
 trainees will gradually be exposed to different weapons and fighting techniques . 
 not all weapons are suitable for all trainees , and finding the ideal weapon load for each superhero may take months of careful practice . '' 
 - superhero trainee guide -lrb- third edition -rrb- , chapter fifteen . 
 `` we do n't have time to go gently . 
 to find out what trainees can do , put them under pressure . 
 the more pressure the better . '' 
 - extract of dark fire 's training manual read at his trial . 
 every day i climb ropes , run treadmills , spar the training robot and use the learning helmets until i think my brain might explode . 
 it 's exhausting , but i keep at it . 
 i even hit the gym , focusing on building muscles and stamina . 
 personal trainers in pink shirts help me with my workouts , and stewards in white bring me water and food while i rest . 
 it 's been two weeks since my first mission , and the training is already working . 
 i 'm getting stronger and faster ; i 've never looked so fit . 
 i wish stace could see me now ! 
 `` i feel so strong ! 
 if i knew how fast muscles build i would have done this ages ago , '' i tell my personal trainer . 
 `` yeah , but most of that muscle is n't because of your working out , it 's because of the weird things the superhero corps do to your body . '' 
 i remember what the recruitment officer had said . 
 i still do n't know what infranetics is , but it might be the reason i 'm getting stronger every day . 
 `` i 'm okay with that , '' i say . 
 `` i would be , too , '' the trainer agrees , `` because i bet it cost a fortune to tune you up like that . '' 
 past prime seems to be in charge of my physical training . 
 he 's harsh , and i end most days covered in bruises from sparring . 
 he broke my arm during one session , but a medic just put it in a cast and told me to get used to it . 
 `` i think he did it on purpose , '' i told the medic `` i ca n't see him doing it by mistake , '' the medic agreed . 
 mostly i train alone . 
 i suspect that the other cadets eat together and go to classes that i 'm not invited to , and i do n't know why i 've been singled out . 
 i 'm escorted back to my room as soon as i finish training , and i have n't seen the sky since my first mission . 
 i even eat in my room , alone , off trays that technicians leave on my table . 
 the food is good , but the company leaves something to be desired . 
 my tat-a-gotchi spins on my arms and flaps its silver wings to entertain me . 
 it 's getting bigger , and looks a little like a dragon . 
 it blinks at me and slaps my arm with its tail . 
 `` computer on , please . '' 
 my emails are the only thing keeping me sane . 
 tenchi and dad send me videos most days , and stace drops me a line every day . 
 `` one new video . 
 play ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how 's superschool ? 
 my friend says it 's tough , and that i should tell you to hang in there . 
 i 've joined the super corps as an analyst , although my dad is n't happy . 
 maybe we 'll meet up ? 
 i hope so . '' 
 stace will make an excellent analyst . 
 we met in an advanced math class run by a local university ; she was a lot better than me . 
 i 'll bet her dad would n't be happy that 's she 's talking to me . 
 most of stace 's videos are about how the town is recovering from the saucer attack , and what was destroyed . 
 my favorite cinema is still standing , which is good news . 
 they had the best popcorn . 
 i reply to each of her emails even though i know i ca n't send anything out . 
 `` dear stace , hero school is worse than anything i expected . 
 i broke my arm during training but we did n't even slow down . 
 i 've only been on one mission so far , and it ended badly . 
 the food is good , though . '' 
 there is a knock on the door , and i close the computer . 
 it 's a steward , but not one i 've ever seen before . 
 this base is full of them , all working to keep the superheroes fit and happy . 
 like butlers , in a way . 
 `` i 'm to take you to the armory , '' the steward explains . 
 we walk quickly as i stuff more of the delicious food into my mouth . 
 i 'm done by the time we arrive . 
 we walk past a room filled with lounges , bookshelves and tvs . 
 a team of suited up superheroes is waiting there , some watching the screens and others reading . 
 they are n't wearing their helmets and seem more bored than worried . 
 i wonder what they are waiting for . 
 the technician guides me into the armory and directs me to a battered set of armor where bad memories and three other technicians are waiting for me . 
 i get suited up . 
 it does n't take long . 
 bad memories watches me , but says nothing . 
 he is in a dark green shirt and seems to be in charge . 
 the other technicians are only identified by numbers on their pale green shirts . 
 i still struggle to walk in the suit , but i manage to waddle through the armory behind bad memories . 
 he does n't lead me to the cannon pods like i expect , but past them to a small waiting room with a series of doors . 
 `` no cannons today ? '' 
 `` today you take the chariot , '' bad memories says , `` but be on your best behavior because - '' small talk walks into the room and bad memories shuts up . 
 he pretends to fuss over my suit to avoid looking at small talk . 
 a couple of technicians help small talk into his armor , which takes only a few seconds . 
 he 's ready before i am and walks over to watch me . 
 his suit looks like it was carved from a single bar of platinum and then dragged through hell and back . 
 it 's dented and scratched , but still bright . 
 his name is written in small , sharp letters across his chest , but the suit has no designs or colors to make it memorable . 
 i 'm used to seeing superheroes in flamboyantly colored costumes , but it seems that 's not how the cerberus brawlers roll . 
 small talk 's suit has a naked brutality that suits him well . 
 he is n't armed , yet he still looks more threatening than any super i have met so far . 
 and that includes both the general and past prime . 
 he glares at me , but i meet his gaze . 
 `` follow , '' small talk growls at me as he walks out a door . 
 we walk into a small hangar and towards a comet-seven aircraft . 
 comets are the fastest aircraft in the world , although they still are n't nearly as fast as the cannon pods . 
 the ramp at the back of the comet drops open and small talk leads me up into a small , cramped space behind the pilots ' cabin . 
 there are six small chairs with serious straps and buckles . 
 small talk picks a seat and straps himself in , and i do the same . 
 `` set , '' he calls into his helmet . 
 the comet has no windows , but i can feel it rise into the air and then speed up quickly . 
 small talk says nothing , so i try to strike up a conversation . 
 `` um ... what are we - '' small talk glares at me and i stop in mid-sentence . 
 it seems that introductions will have to wait until i am much , much braver . 
 we fly for about ten minutes before the craft slows to a hover and the ramp opens . 
 small talk unstraps himself and walks to the ramp . 
 i join him without waiting to be asked . 
 the craft rocks in the air and i wobble in my walk , grasping a handle beside the open ramp . 
 i look out ; we are hovering about a hundred meters above a rocky shore . 
 `` power up , '' small talk orders , and pulls a lever on my suit . 
 my helmet closes with a thud and a radio in my helmet clicks on . 
 `` trainee red five primary assessment , '' a bored voice says , `` small talk as leading assessor , talented brat assisting . '' 
 `` um ... hello ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` hey kid , try not to clog the airways , '' says the voice . 
 whoever i 'm talking to sounds like they have better places to be . 
 `` i 'll be quiet , but at least tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 `` training day , kid . 
 every person controls the saucer tech differently , which is why every superhero has a different set of powers . 
 it 's time for us to find out what you are capable of . 
 we normally wait a bit longer before bringing trainees out here , but for some reason we are making an exception for you . 
 now best pay attention , flight training is about to begin . '' 
 the radio clicks off as we get lower to the ground . 
 the shore below us is part of a small island made entirely of dark , sharp rocks . 
 there are n't many flat areas amongst the rocks . 
 i lean out over the edge of the ramp for a better look . 
 `` where are we going to land ? '' 
 i ask . 
 small talk kicks me off the ramp . 
 i fall for a few seconds before i realize he is n't planning on catching me . 
 `` argh ! 
 fly ! 
 fly ! 
 fly ! '' 
 i scream , but my suit does n't oblige until i 'm only a meter above the ground . 
 light bursts from my palms and feet , slowing me down to a hover . 
 my suit shudders and i fall , hitting the ground hard and rolling along until i hit a rocky spire . 
 small talk lands beside me , grabs my arm and pulls me to my feet . 
 `` you could have killed me ! '' 
 i scream at him . 
 small talk gives me a cold stare and then shakes his head . 
 `` if you ca n't survive that , you have no place amongst us , '' he says . 
 touché . 
 it does n't look like anyone is going to cut me any slack . 
 on the other hand , small talk 's approach to training had me flying , if only for a second . 
 he walks off , and i follow him over the rocks until we reach an overlook above the ocean waves . 
 small talk looks at the waves as if they have personally offended him . 
 he turns to me and looks me right in the eyes with an intense look i ca n't quite meet . 
 `` we draw our powers from the alien technology . 
 it 's mostly instinct ; you either have it or you do n't . 
 today we find out what you are capable of . '' 
 `` okay , '' because i do n't know what else i can add . 
 `` the only way to test instinct is to rely on it . '' 
 `` okay ... '' `` you will not need to think , only react . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` ah ... yes ? '' 
 small talk shakes his head as if disappointed with me . 
 i 'm feeling scared , so i do the same thing i 've always done when i 'm scared : i pick a fight . 
 `` are you going to teach me how to fly , or are we going to chat all day ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not smart , kid , '' says the voice in my ear . 
 he sounds amused . 
 small talk does n't smile , but he does n't get angry either . 
 he simply picks me up and lifts me into the air . 
 `` focus on control , stability . 
 aim your hands and feet down like i do . 
 it 's not the only way to fly , but it 's the most common . '' 
 then he drops me , and i fall like a stone . 
 i hit the ground hard , but my shields take most of the damage . 
 `` get on with it , kid , '' says the bored voice . 
 `` quiet , brat , '' small talk says , `` or come down here and show him how to do it . '' 
 that shuts talented brat up , which is nice , but it does n't help me fly . 
 i could only fly when my life was depending on it . 
 small talk moves towards me , lifts me off the ground , and carries me towards the cliff edge . 
 `` wait , '' i say , `` i 'll do it . '' 
 small talk shrugs and sets me down . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 superheroes can fly ; i need to be able to do this . 
 i step to the edge of the cliff . 
 it 's a long way down , and the rocks beneath me look sharp and hard . 
 i jump . 
 the drop is terrifying but flight kicks in just above the water , and i just avoid getting wet . 
 i struggle through the air back up towards small talk . 
 my flying is bumpy and clumsy . 
 i rise through the air and then drop back down again unsteadily until i come to a stable hover near small talk . 
 `` land , '' he orders . 
 i land . 
 small talk grabs my right arm and points at two large dials set into the glove . 
 they are analogue , and look terribly old fashioned . 
 `` power , '' small talks says , pointing at the slightly larger one . 
 it 's divided into a blue section at its higher range , a grey section in the middle range and a thin red section right at the lower end of the scale . 
 `` flying and weapons fighting use power , '' says brat over the radio , `` shields charge from surplus power . 
 when the dial is in the blue area your shields are charging . 
 do n't let it drop to red or you will drop out of the sky . 
 set ? '' 
 i hear an urgent whaah-whaah-whaah sound in my helmet . 
 `` that 's your low power alarm . 
 if you hear that , land or die . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` shield , '' says small talk , pointing at the second dial on my arm . 
 i hear a second alarm , a shrill beep-beep-beep . 
 `` that 's your low shield alarm . 
 if you hear that , run . 
 can we move on now ? '' 
 says brat . 
 `` play the other alarms , '' orders small talk . 
 i hear a tick-tick-tick that sounds like a bomb about to go off . 
 it 's replaced by a bang-bang-bang like a giant 's footsteps . 
 `` enemy weapons lock and large enemy proximity alarm . 
 dodge or run , for the lock . 
 the prox alarm will only ring for the real nasty stuff , so if you hear that ... i do n't know , probably just panic and then die . '' 
 `` no . 
 fight , '' corrects small talk . 
 `` good luck with that , '' mutters brat . 
 `` follow , '' says small talk . 
 he takes off slowly into the air . 
 i manage to keep up , and we race across the island in a set of long leaps . 
 i check my power : i 'm in the grey section . 
 looking at my arm distracts me and i get halfway through a loop when i start overthinking my actions and crash down into the stones . 
 i check my shields : 98 % . 
 i barely felt that . 
 small talk flies over my head and beckons me back into the air . 
 it 's hard work , and every time i start feeling confident we speed up . 
 i have to stop a few times to recharge my power , but small talk never tires . 
 he leads me through an obstacle course of floating poles and hoops . 
 i crash into most of them , because i 'm even clumsier in the air than i am on the ground . 
 the suit shields me from hits that would otherwise have killed me , but i 'm still getting battered around . 
 we keep going until my low power alarm rings out -lrb- whaah-whaah -rrb- and talented brat calls a stop . 
 `` flight test complete , '' he says , `` weak agility , average speed , average stamina . 
 let 's move this on already . '' 
 we land beside a set of big metal crates . 
 brat talks to me through my helmet as small talk walks to the crates . 
 they are full of weapons . 
 small talk hands me a powerglove and points me towards a metal cube set into the sand . 
 the glove lights up . 
 `` targets ready , '' says talented brat . 
 `` set , '' i say . 
 a couple of red balls shoot out of the cube and i hit them both . 
 using the powerglove barely takes up any of my energy . 
 neither small talk nor talented brat make any comment , but small talk motions me to take the glove off and passes me a laser rifle . 
 it does n't seem to have a trigger , but neither did the gloves . 
 the targets pop up again , but i ca n't make the laser rifle shoot . 
 i try a second time and then look towards small talk . 
 `` is there like a button or something i need to push ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` next , '' says brat impatiently . 
 small talk takes the rifle away and hands me a plasma pistol like the ones bad day uses . 
 i shake it a few times , but nothing happens . 
 great . 
 `` you have to arc the power down your arm and into the barrel . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 says brat . 
 i do n't even know what that means , so i hand the pistol back to small talk . 
 there is a plasma rifle there as well , but small talk does n't bother with it . 
 he hands me a pulse spear . 
 it 's a clumsy weapon and the only thing i manage to hit is the side of small talk 's helmet . 
 he glares at me and snatches it back . 
 we move to pulse casters , beamgats and coldstorm cannons but i 'm terrible at all of them . 
 they either do n't work properly or they drain too much energy with every shot . 
 `` come on , kid , '' implores brat . 
 the next weapon is a short , thick cannon that sits on my shoulder . 
 it 's heavy . 
 the targets pop up and i lob a blast of green energy towards them , hitting one and destroying it instantly . 
 a set of targets pop up , but i ca n't get a second shot out of the cannon . 
 `` next next next , '' sings out brat . 
 i do n't think i 'm doing very well at all . 
 we move through light lances , which do n't work for me , and blade catapults that i keep missing with . 
 my frustration grows with every failure , and brat gets increasingly edgy . 
 small talk does n't seem moved by my inability to use the weapons , but keeps handing them to me . 
 `` this one looks like a crossbow that fires rockets , '' i say . 
 `` yep ... but can you hit anything with it ? '' 
 says brat . 
 i hit a target dead on , but the bow only has one shot in it . 
 `` no , '' says small talk and takes the bow away from me . 
 we are running out of weapons , and i am losing hope . 
 i ca n't be a super without a weapon , unless i want to join team mercy . 
 small talk hands me a glove as long as my arm . 
 two delicate spikes run down the side and project out past my fingers . 
 `` multiblaster , '' says small talk . 
 `` do n't bother , '' says brat , `` that thing does n't work for any - '' the multiblaster lights up . 
 a pair of targets shoots into the air , and i hit them both dead center with thin rays of light . 
 `` lucky shot , '' says brat . 
 more targets fly into the air and i hit them all . 
 the mutliblaster shoots exactly where i want it to and soon targets are falling out of the sky by the dozens . 
 it uses a lot of my energy , but i do n't care . 
 `` fine , '' says small talk i have never felt so great from such little encouragement `` whoop-dee-doo , it 's about time , '' drawls brat , `` now let 's see if you are any good with an egg launcher . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` the egg cannon , '' lectures brat , `` is a weapon i developed for hopeless trainees like you . 
 the trigger is in the mouthpiece ; just point and bite down twice to shoot . '' 
 small talk flicks my helmet open and shoves a piece of rubber into my mouth . 
 i bite down on it twice and the cannon thunks loudly right next to my ear , lobbing an egg shaped grenade forward . 
 it bursts into a bright storm of lights . 
 `` that will disable most things for a few seconds , but the ammo is pretty volatile and since it 's stored on your back - '' `` - i ca n't turn my back on the enemy ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' says brat , sounding mildly impressed that i 'd worked that out so quickly . 
 the egg launcher holds eight charges and has a decent range . 
 it 's easy to use , but not exactly exciting . 
 small talk shows me how to fly and fire , then we set down next to a second row of black boxes that contain close combat weapons of all sorts and sizes . 
 small talk hands me a short sword . 
 the blade is bright in his hand , but falls dark as soon as i touch it . 
 small talk takes the blade away and passes me an axe , but to no success . 
 `` lame , '' says brat . 
 the larger maces are too heavy for me , and i nearly take my own arm off with a morningstar . 
 we work our way through dozens of weapons with no luck . 
 there are over a hundred weapons sitting in the metal crates and but only one or two work for me . 
 i suck as a superhero . 
 `` saucer , kid , you are terrible at pretty much everything , '' says brat . 
 `` quiet , '' says small talk , and hands me a small knife on a long chain . 
 i swing it a few times and hit myself in my foot . 
 small talk takes it off me pretty quickly after that . 
 `` let 's do the artificer testing before i die of boredom , '' says brat . 
 i think i hate brat , but i 'm so tired of failing at weapons testing that i hand the nunchucks i 'm trying to small talk and start to walk away . 
 he grabs my arm and stops me . 
 `` we are done when i say so . '' 
 he starts handing me more exotic weapons , strange glowing things that rest on my hands but do n't seem to do much more than pulse and use energy . 
 there are green whips with minds of their own and white-hot daggers on long flexible rods . 
 the weapons mostly do what i want them to . 
 i 'm particularly fond of a set of giant metal crab claws that bind to my arms and snap open and shut with quicksilver speed . 
 `` so you are good enough with the weird ones . 
 at least that makes you interesting , '' says brat . 
 he sounds even less interested in me before , if that was possible . 
 `` fine , '' says small talk and points me to another crate . 
 there are a couple of big discs in the crate . 
 small talk waves at them and they start to float . 
 they look a little like the ones past prime is famous for . 
 `` artificer test , '' drones brat , `` this one wo n't take long . '' 
 `` can you control the discs ? '' 
 asks small talk . 
 i think about the discs , trying to control them with my mind . 
 one of them falls out the air and the other bounces into the air and flies off into the distance . 
 brat laughs unkindly . 
 `` very few people can artifice , '' small talk says . 
 i already knew that , but it does n't make me feel less disappointed . 
 being able to control my own army of golem-warriors would be fun . 
 `` shield test ! '' 
 shouts brat eagerly . 
 `` go stand there , '' orders small talk , pointing to a wide metal plate sitting in the sand . 
 i walk over and stand on the plate , stamping on it a few times . 
 it sounds solid . 
 the plate starts glowing and suddenly i ca n't move my feet . 
 `` uh ... '' `` set , '' shouts brat eagerly . 
 small talk walks up to me and gives me the once over , checking my shields and power source . 
 he pats me on the shoulder in a comforting way and closes my visor . 
 `` are you paying attention to me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` um ... sure ... but why ca n't i move ? '' 
 he walks over to a box , picks up a large handgun and shoots me right between the eyes . 
 my shields stop the bullet , but i still flinch . 
 `` ouch , '' i say reproachfully , although it did n't really hurt . 
 `` and ? '' 
 small talk asks . 
 `` fine . 
 continue , '' says talented brat . 
 small talk empties the rest of the clip right between my eyes . 
 the bullets ping off my shield without even lowering my shields . 
 i still ca n't move , so all i can do is watch as he walks over to a grenade launcher , shoulders it and brings it over . 
 `` bomb test , '' says brat gleefully . 
 `` wait ... what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the grenade hits me right on the chin . 
 it does n't hurt , but the lights are bright enough to blind me . 
 my shields do n't even drop below 99 % , so it seems i 've got nothing to worry about from old fashioned projectile weapons . 
 unfortunately for me , small talk has access to a whole arsenal of more dangerous guns . 
 he picks up a laser cannon and aims it at me from only a few feet away . 
 he shoots , and the burst of light curves into my chest and disappears when it hits my shield . 
 small talk re-aims the cannon and fires again . 
 this one curves into my leg . 
 i can feel the warmth on my skin , but my shields are still 97 % . 
 small talk walks right up to me , places the cannon against my chest and pulls the trigger . 
 the blast ripples across my shields but does n't even knock me over . 
 `` try the plasma cannon , '' suggests brat . 
 do n't try the plasma cannon ! 
 do n't try the - small talk picks up a plasma cannon and levels it at me . 
 the first blast arches and hits my head ; the second engulfs my leg and burns the sand at my feet into a single glowing crystal . 
 small talk hits me with the third blast . 
 it stings a little . 
 shields at 95 % . 
 `` stop trying to kill me ! '' 
 i shout . 
 small talk picks up a large axe with a glowing blade and bangs it against my head . 
 it bounces with a thud-thud-thud that does n't hurt . 
 he tries again with a two-handed sword that takes 1 % off my shields every time it hits me . 
 he smashes a heavy mace against my knee , but i barely feel it . 
 he pulls out a pair of plasma gloves and slams them against my head . 
 that hurts , but not badly . 
 my shields start rising as soon as he leaves me alone . 
 `` decent shields , '' says talented brat thoughtfully , `` time for some bigger guns . '' 
 a mechanical nightmare walks out from behind the rocks . 
 it looks a little like a triclops , but it has seven arms and a small cockpit in the head . 
 each of the seven arms ends in a very large and unique weapon . 
 they do n't look battle-ready , but have open panels and are connected by loose power cords . 
 `` there 's some kind of monster out here , '' i shout . 
 `` yep ... and who do you think is driving it ? '' 
 says brat , `` now shush . 
 this is going to hurt you a lot more than it 's going to hurt me . '' 
 he shoots me with each of the weapons individually , and then in pairs . 
 the attacks lower my shields to about 80 % , but no more . 
 brat tries the arms in sets of three , but my shields hold up . 
 `` give it everything , '' orders small talk . 
 brat giggles , levels all the cannons at me and lets loose . 
 it 's a dazzling display of light and my shields are sizzling and popping . 
 they hold , but is it getting warmer in my suit ? 
 the guns blast me down to 60 % shields , and then stop . 
 `` time to get the really big guns , '' says talented brat . 
 a second walker emerges from behind the rocks . 
 it 's a simple thing , just a cannon on legs . 
 it ambles clumsily over to me and aims its barrel at my chest . 
 then it and brat open fire together . 
 my shields light up ; the dial on my arm drops to 56 % ... 48 % ... 30 % ... uh oh . 
 `` 30 % ! '' 
 i scream , but all i can hear is a crackle of white noise . 
 something hard hits me , and i fall to one knee . 
 thousands of little blue discs burst from my helmet and form a round shield in front of me . 
 the shield absorbs the worst of the attack , the discs popping and reforming as the round shield slowly shrinks away beneath the array of weapons focused on me . 
 more blue discs appear and form a dome around me . 
 nothing is getting through , and my regular shields start to recharge . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 i say , `` i have superpowers . 
 finally ! '' 
 my little blue guardians all burst together and a laser blast lifts me off my feet and throws me through the air . 
 i hit the ground and slide through rocks . 
 a shrill beep-beep rings in my ears . 
 `` you should be at 10 % , '' explains brat . 
 he sounds mildly impressed . 
 i check my arm ; he 's right , i still have 10 % of my shields left . 
 the ground around me is burnt and battered . 
 some of the rocks are glowing red , and others have melted into pools of lava . 
 a shadow of undamaged ground stretches out behind me . 
 i fall forwards but roll over so that i 'm face up . 
 i may be dying again , but at least i 'm looking at the blue , blue sky . 
 small talk leans over me , eclipsing my view . 
 `` good , '' he says , `` this one is tough . '' 
 maybe i 'll be a superhero after all . 
 back story one i was the first superhero . 
 the saucers had been attacking the earth for well over a year by then , and it seemed like there was nothing we could do to stop them ripping the world apart . 
 people started making desperate decisions . 
 the captain of a us destroyer caught in the path of a small saucer emptied his arsenal of missiles and brought it down . 
 we do n't know why he succeeded where so many others had failed , but that was the beginning . 
 the technology found in the downed saucer was used to build two very different experimental weapons . 
 the first was a suit built of stolen technology and a mishmash of fighter jet equipment . 
 the u.n. could only find eight people who had the ability to interface with the saucer 's technology . 
 the suit gave each of us incredible and unique powers , so we called it the superhero suit and hoped it would keep us alive . 
 the second weapon was a bomb . 
 we were n't even sure that it could pierce the saucer 's shields . 
 one temperamental suit , and one bomb that might not work . 
 they were crude and ungainly things to carry the earth 's future , but they were all we had . 
 we only had a week to practice in the suit . 
 there were two of us who were best . 
 i was one , and the other was an older japanese man , a good friend and a fine leader . 
 he was better than me , in my estimation , but i was younger and i think my superiors valued that . 
 i was also alone in the world , having lost my parents and siblings two years before . 
 that probably played a part , too . 
 they knew i wanted to kill saucers . 
 whatever the reasons , i was chosen to carry the bomb . 
 the most powerful people in the world gathered to see me off . 
 it was strange to see such unity ; i could still remember the wars and arguments that had dominated the world before the saucers had arrived . 
 i was introduced to a lot of people , a sea of faces awash with hope and fear . 
 the only one i remember was marshal smith 's young son . 
 i had heard that the boy had taken a lot of interest in the superhero suits , but so had everyone . 
 i remember him because he was the only calm face i met , and he had intense eyes that seemed to pierce right into my soul . 
 he was shorter than i expected ; a lot of people were dismissive of him because of his stature , but i thought he had more fire in his heart than most . 
 `` i believe in you , '' he said , `` you 've got this . 
 set ? '' 
 i did n't want to let him down . 
 they filmed me in my suit . 
 it was a live transmission to all parts of the world still capable of receiving it . 
 think about that : the whole world , every person , was depending on me . 
 i could only think of my dead family , and how surprised they would have been to see their rebellious daughter saluted by the president . 
 i was given flowers and medals and then i was loaded into a modified stealth bomber . 
 it was a relief to be away , really . 
 i was in the bomber for an hour . 
 i sat in silence with the bomb across my knees and the whole world resting on my shoulders . 
 i was set . 
 it was n't a graceful exit ; the bomber was hit hard before it reached the saucer . 
 the pilots only managed to keep it together long enough for me to escape before they spiraled out of control . 
 the crew died , but their courage meant i survived . 
 i dropped through the clouds and right onto the biggest saucer i have ever seen . 
 it was big , too big for the bomb . 
 i could see helicopters in the distance . 
 they would be watching me , radioing my progress to the world . 
 we knew that many of the helicopters would be destroyed , but their loss was considered acceptable . 
 the world was burning , and the u.n. was of the opinion that my success would give people the hope they so badly needed . 
 and if i failed ? 
 if i failed , the world was lost . 
 it no longer mattered if people knew that . 
 that 's how desperate we had become . 
 i do n't know how i made it through the saucer 's defenses . 
 i should n't have , but perhaps earth was overdue some luck . 
 i was in a bad way when i landed , but i could still move . 
 i crawled along the saucer 's hull , a trail of blood marking my path , until i found what i could only pray was a weak spot . 
 the saucer 's creatures found me there , so i planted the bomb and then used the last of my strength to draw them away . 
 my vision was blurry by then , but i saw the saucer explode into plumes of glorious flame behind me . 
 i whooped with pleasure , and the whole world celebrated with me . 
 my victory was the world 's victory . 
 but my luck ran out as a piece of the exploding saucer caught me in the chest and threw me through the air . 
 it did n't matter ; i had seen the job through . 
 now i 'm falling through the sky towards the ocean below , and there is no one to save me . 
 i hope those who follow me work in teams . 
 i hope they have better shields , better weapons , better training . 
 i hope that some of them survive their first mission . 
 i know they will . 
 i was the first superhero , but i wo n't be the last . 
 next time in ` trainee superhero ' ... superheroes die , strange new aliens appear , tenchi makes a re-appearance and the cerberus brawlers go fishing with a rocket-powered harpoon gun ! 
 if you are enjoying this series , please tell your friends about it or tell the whole world by leaving a review ... it would really make my day ! 
 you can also email me at c.h.aalberry -lrb- at -rrb- gmail.com and let me know what you think of my work . 
 if you send me the name and a short back story for an original superhero serving with the cerberus brawlers , i 'll try to include it in the next part i write . 
 about the author c.h. aalberry was n't allowed to buy or even read comic books until he turned sixteen . 
 he still did , of course , because comics are great . 
 he has also written a few books you might like : ` the origami dragon and other tales ' , a collection of thirteen sci-fi and fantasy short stories . 
 ` 200 shorter stories ' a collection of punchy -lrb- very -rrb- short stories in every genre . 
 ` zo and the impossible gardens ' for younger readers and lovers of sci-fi mysteries . 
 ` wish : an epic adventure of magic and mayhem ! ' 
 for younger readers and lovers of fantasy table of contents lesson one : get used to dying lesson two : no one cares what you think lesson three : do n't get distracted lesson four : the more you sweat in training , the less you bleed in battle lesson five lesson five : you are terrible at -lrb- almost -rrb- everything backstory one next time in ` trainee superhero ' about the author 
