 a small , wiry , scorpion-shaped demon with a semi-human face drives its stinger into my right eye . 
 my eyeball pops and gooey streaks flood down my cheek . 
 in complete agony , i scream helplessly , but worse is to come . 
 the demon spits into the empty socket . 
 at first i think it 's just phlegm , but then dozens of tiny things start to wriggle in the space where my eye once swam . 
 as i fill with confused horror , teeth or claws dig into the bone around my ruined eye . 
 whatever the mini-monsters are , they 're trying to tunnel through to my brain . 
 beranabus roars , `` kernel ! '' 
 and tries to grab me , but i wheel away from him as insanity and pain claim me . 
 i whip around , flailing , shrieking , wild . 
 the demon strikes again and punctures my left eye . 
 darkness consumes me . 
 i 'm in hell . 
 a lifetime later , someone picks me up from where i 've fallen and drags me forward . 
 it might be beranabus or grubbs , or maybe it 's lord loss . 
 i do n't know or care . 
 all i can focus on is the blind , hellish pain . 
 i pull away from the person or demon and run from the madness , but crash into something hard . 
 i fall , moaning and screaming , but not crying-i no longer have eyes to weep with . 
 the creatures that were spat into my eyes are munching on my brain now . 
 i try to scrape them out with my fingers , but that just adds to the torment . 
 then magic sears through my ruined sockets . 
 the things in my head burn and drop away . 
 the pain lessens . 
 i sigh blissfully and slump unconscious . 
 i dream of the end of the world . 
 everything comes apart and everyone perishes . 
 the universe warps and twists upon itself . 
 in my dream , i float as a spirit through panels of light . 
 i do n't know how i see the lights without eyes , but i do . 
 there are others-grubbs , beranabus , a girl . 
 i slot the patches of light together and we sail from one window to another . 
 peaceful . 
 no pain . 
 i 'm at ease . 
 in my element . 
 master of the lights . 
 maybe this is heaven . 
 constructing and passing through an endless series of windows . 
 an eternal , beautiful , cosmic light show . 
 i 'll settle for that . 
 anything 's better than torture , blindness , and micro-demons feasting on my brain . 
 heaven does n't last . 
 i was n't dreaming . 
 the destruction was real . 
 the lights fade and i find myself back on earth . 
 blind as ever . 
 pain muted by magic , but hovering , waiting for its chance to kick back in . 
 turns out the creatures in my eyes were maggots . 
 no time for panic or self-pity . 
 beranabus drops a bombshell-we 've traveled through time . 
 i 'm part of a magical weapon , the kah-gash . 
 grubbs is another part . 
 by linking with the third component , the ghost of a dead girl , we took our doomed world into the past to avert demonic conquest . 
 now we have to fight again or it will all have been for nothing . 
 in a cave . 
 blindly battling spine , the scorpion demon . 
 i have the horrible beast pinned to a stalagmite . 
 i 'm pounding him with my fists , over and over . 
 without warning he melts away and i 'm left standing in a puddle of sticky blood , frowning sightlessly . 
 i later learn that i 've been cheated out of my revenge by a girl called bec who 's returned to life after sixteen hundred years . 
 she drives lord loss back to his own foul realm . 
 job done . 
 we return to the universe of the demonata . 
 grubbs comes with us but bec stays behind . 
 i 'm surprised beranabus leaves her she 's part of the kah-gash . 
 by uniting us , he could wield the power of the ancient weapon and destroy the demonata . 
 but he 's afraid . 
 the kah-gash made an independent decision to reverse time . 
 beranabus is n't sure whether that was a conscious act of mercy or a random reaction . 
 he does n't want to press ahead , worried the weapon might side with the demons next time and wipe out mankind . 
 i 'm stronger in the universe of magic . 
 i numb the pain and set to work on building a new set of eyes . 
 i 'm not sure that i can . 
 magic varies from person to person . 
 we all have different capabilities . 
 some can restore a missing limb or organ . 
 others ca n't . 
 you never know until you try . 
 thankfully i 'm one of those who can . 
 with only the slightest guidance from beranabus i construct a pair of sparkling blue eyes . 
 i build them from the rear of my sockets outwards , repairing severed nerve endings , linking them with the growing globes , letting the orbs expand to fill the gaps . 
 i keep my eyelids shut for a minute when the eyes are complete , afraid i wo n't be able to see anything when i open them . 
 i hardly breathe , heart beating fast , contemplating a life of darkness , the worst punishment i can imagine . 
 then beranabus stamps on my foot . 
 i yell and my eyes snap open . 
 i turn on the magician angrily , raising a fist , but stop when i see his cunning smile . 
 i see it . 
 `` you looked like an idiot with your eyes shut , '' beranabus grunts . 
 `` you 're a bully . '' 
 i pout , then laugh with relief and hug him . 
 he 's laughing too , but grubbs is n't . 
 the teenager glares at us . 
 he 's lost his brother and abandoned his uncle and home . 
 he 's in no mood to care about my well-being . 
 but that 's fine . 
 right now i ca n't sympathize with him either . 
 all i care about is that i can see . 
 i relish my new eyes , drinking in the sights of the demon world . 
 i 'm so happy , it 's several hours before i realize i can see more than before , that my new eyes have opened up a wonder of the universe previously hidden from me . 
 i 've always been able to see patches of light that are invisible to everybody else . 
 for years i thought they were products of my imagination , that i was slightly -lrb- lightly -rrb- crazy . 
 then i learned they were part of the realm of magic . 
 i have a unique talent . 
 i can manually slot the patches together and create windows between universes , far faster than anyone else . 
 i use my talent to help beranabus save the world from demons . 
 the magician has been around for thousands of years , and has spent much of that time patrolling the demon universe , protecting humanity from its savage , nightmarish hordes . 
 although demons have limitless galaxies of their own , they long to cross over-they love killing humans . 
 beranabus stops them . 
 he ensures no tunnels are built between universes , holds the demon armies in check , prevents mass crossings . 
 i assist him . 
 my gift allows us to zip from one part of the demon universe to another and track down just about any demon we want . 
 i thought i might not be able to see the lights with my new eyes , but they work the same way as my original pair . 
 i can still see the multicolored patches , and when i think of a specific place , person , or thing , some of the lights flash and i can slot them together to create a window . 
 in fact , i can do it quicker than before and my powers on earth are greater than they were . 
 where i used to struggle to open windows on my own world , now i can do it swiftly and easily . 
 but now there are other lights . 
 at first i thought they were illusionary specks , that my new eyes were n't working properly . 
 but i soon realized the lights were real and fundamentally different than those i was familiar with . 
 they 're smaller , they change shape , and their colors mutate . 
 the regular lights never alter in size or shade , but these new patches grow and subside , bleed from one color to another . 
 a square pink panel can lengthen into a triangular blue patch , then gradually twist into an orange octagon , and so on . 
 they shimmer too . 
 their edges flicker like faulty fluorescent tubes . 
 sometimes creases run through them , like ripples spreading across the face of a pond . 
 i ca n't control the new lights . 
 they ignore me when i try to manipulate them . 
 in fact , if i start to get close , they glide away from me . 
 there are n't many of them , no more than twenty or thirty anywhere i go . 
 but they worry me . 
 there 's something deeply unsettling about them . 
 i initially thought that i was nervous of them just because they were new . 
 but several weeks later , as i was trying to coax them nearer and link them up , they whispered to me . 
 i know it 's ridiculous . 
 lights ca n't whisper . 
 but i swear i heard a voice calling to me . 
 it sounded like static to begin with , but then it came into focus , a single word repeated over and over . 
 it 's the same word the lights have been whispering to me ever since , softly , slyly , seductively . 
 beranabus unleashes a burst of magic , and the gazelle-shaped demon we 've been chasing stops in its tracks . 
 the beast turns and snarls at us . 
 it has the head of a human baby . 
 opening its mouth , it wails . 
 the noise increases sharply and blood trickles from my ears and nose . 
 i use magic to mute the demon 's cry . 
 beranabus and grubbs do the same , and the three of us close in on the mewling monster . 
 when the demon realizes it ca n't harm us with its harpy-like wailing , it falls silent and its look of hatred changes to one of fear . 
 it knows who we are and what we want . 
 i hang back while beranabus tortures the creature . 
 i have a problem with demons that model themselves after babies or young children . 
 i ca n't bring myself to hurt them , even though i know they 've only stolen their human attributes . 
 i was a lonely child . 
 driven by unhappiness , i unintentionally tapped into my powers , kidnapped a demon , and used magic to make it look like a baby . 
 i convinced myself the changeling was my brother and i maintained the lie for ages . 
 i was shattered when i learned the truth . 
 demons like this one make me think of my `` brother '' art , and i go cold at the thought of harming them . 
 beranabus understands . 
 he does n't try to push me . 
 grubbs rips off the demon 's head . 
 the baby-faced monster squeals with pain and terror but does n't die . 
 in this universe of magic , almost anything is possible . 
 physical dismemberment wo n't necessarily kill a demon . 
 you need to use magic to finish it off . 
 grubbs hates this life even more than i do . 
 when i agreed to join beranabus and devote myself to battling demons , i did n't have a better choice . 
 my parents knew i was n't normal , and though they loved me , they feared what i might do . 
 i did n't have any friends . 
 it was beranabus or a life of isolation and loneliness . 
 grubbs has an uncle who he loves like a father . 
 he has lots of friends . 
 he could have rejected his destiny . 
 i 'm not really sure why he did n't . 
 maybe it was the call of the kah-gash . 
 perhaps the weapon persuaded him to leave the human world and ride the demonic waves of this universe with beranabus and me . 
 `` the shadow , '' beranabus snarls , grabbing the baby 's head from grubbs and gouging out one of its snake-shaped eyes . 
 `` tell us all you know and we 'll let you go . 
 otherwise ... '' he moves his thumb over the creature 's other eye . 
 the shadow is our latest foe in a long line of monstrous opponents . 
 beranabus thinks it 's our most dangerous enemy yet but i 'm not worried . 
 i 've seen all manner of unimaginable demons . 
 in the early days i thought each was invincible . 
 every time we went up against one , i was sure we were doomed . 
 but we always got the better of the beasts , pinpointed their weak spots , defeated them with cunning if brute force failed . 
 i know it 's dangerous to assume we 'll overcome every demon we go up against , but i ca n't help thinking that way . 
 i 'm sure the shadow will fall to us when we face it , just like all the others . 
 it 's simply a matter of time , patience , and violence . 
 beranabus and grubbs believe the shadow is the herald of universal doom . 
 they saw it in the cave when i was blind , a huge beast that seemed to be made from strips of shadow . 
 they say it was deadlier than anything else we 've fought . 
 maybe they 're right . 
 if i 'd seen it , i might be trembling with fear too . 
 but i do n't think so . 
 it 's just another demon . 
 we 've fought and killed thousands of them since i joined beranabus . 
 how can this one be any different ? 
 we 're hunting a flock of sheep-like demons . 
 each boasts dozens of woolly heads dotted around its body , no eyes or ears , just large mouths full of sharp teeth . 
 beranabus hopes they know something about the shadow , but i think he 's scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
 the shadow is as elusive as the name we 've given it suggests . 
 we 've learned almost nothing of the creature in all the time we 've been trying to track it . 
 we know it 's gathering an army of demons , that it 's promised to wipe out mankind and restore the universe to its original condition -lrb- whatever that means -rrb- , but everything else about it is a mystery . 
 these minor demons-easy pickings for stronger members of the demonata-won ' t provide us with any clues . 
 we 're wasting our time , as we 've wasted it on so many worlds . 
 we 'll torture them , kill a few , then move on , no wiser than when we stepped through the window and set off in chase of the howling beasts . 
 as we close in on the flock , i sense a throbbing in the air nearby and draw to a halt . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 beranabus shouts . 
 `` do n't stop now . 
 we - '' `` a window 's opening , '' i tell him , and excitement instantly gives way to panic . 
 `` start opening one of your own , '' beranabus commands and steps in front of me , to protect me . 
 the tall , muscular grubbs joins him . 
 they think a demon is after us . 
 but i know better . 
 i 've come to understand the lights more intimately than ever since i built my new pair of eyes . 
 this is a window of human origin . 
 `` wait , '' i tell beranabus . 
 `` it 's not a demon . 
 we have company . '' 
 seconds later a window of orange light opens and two of beranabus 's disciples step through . 
 one 's a beautiful , fiery woman called meera flame . 
 i know the other one better , and shout his name with unconcealed joy . 
 `` shark ! '' 
 `` been a long time , kid , '' the ex-soldier grins , shaking my hand as grubbs and meera hug close by . 
 beranabus is squinting at the newcomers suspiciously . 
 he does n't like surprises . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` came to catch the sun , '' shark laughs , then casts his gaze over my bald , caramel-colored head . 
 `` there 's something different about your eyes . '' 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 i smile broadly , still clutching him . 
 we 've spent long months in this foul universe , and beranabus and grubbs are poor company . 
 the unwelcome flames of loneliness have been burning hot inside me recently . 
 i 'm overjoyed to see my old friend , to escape the dark feelings for a few minutes . 
 i know shark must be the bearer of bad news , that he and meera would n't have come unless things were serious , but for a few moments i block that out and pretend this is a social visit . 
 `` hi , shark , '' grubbs says . 
 shark frowns . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 `` grubbs grady . 
 we ... '' he pauses . 
 `` dervish told me about you . 
 i 'm grubbs , his nephew . '' 
 shark nods . 
 `` i can see a bit of him in you . 
 but you 've got more hair . 
 you 're a lot taller too-what 's beranabus been feeding you ? '' 
 `` enough of the prattle , '' beranabus snaps . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` we were attacked , '' meera says . 
 `` i was at dervish 's . 
 we - '' `` was it lord loss ? '' 
 beranabus barks . 
 `` is bec all right ? '' 
 `` she 's fine , '' shark says . 
 `` but dervish ... '' meera pauses , glancing nervously at grubbs . 
 `` he was alive when we left , '' shark says as grubbs freezes with fear . 
 `` but in bad shape , '' meera adds . 
 `` he had a heart attack . '' 
 `` we have to go back , '' grubbs says , darting for the window . 
 shark stops him . 
 `` hold on . 
 we did n't come here directly . 
 that leads to another demon world . '' 
 `` besides , '' i chip in , `` if the demons are still at the house ... '' `` we were n't attacked by demons , '' meera says . 
 `` they were ... werewolves . '' 
 that throws me . 
 does she mean werewolf-shaped demons ? 
 then i recall the curse of the gradys . 
 lots of teenagers in grubbs 's family turn into mindless , savage , wolf-like beasts . 
 grubbs starts to tremble . 
 without waiting to be told , i turn , flex my fingers , and focus , thinking of dervish . 
 lights pulse around me-that means the ex-punk is still alive . 
 i begin to open a window that will take us to him . 
 then , on second thought , i focus on bec instead . 
 as much as i like dervish , the girl is more important . 
 she 's probably with him , but if not , she must take priority . 
 dervish is only human . 
 bec , like me and grubbs , is so much more . 
 when a window of amber light opens , beranabus rushes through , swiftly followed by grubbs . 
 `` there are demons , '' i tell shark and meera , sensing their presence in the vibrations of the lights . 
 `` are you guys ready to fight ? '' 
 `` always , '' shark grins , cracking his knuckles . 
 meera gulps , then grinds her teeth together and nods fiercely . 
 we cross . 
 i find myself in a hospital ward . 
 bec is lying on the floor . 
 she looks like any normal girl , a bit smaller than most , but otherwise unremarkable . 
 you could never guess from looking at her that she 'd been dead for sixteen hundred years , or that this body was n't originally hers . 
 two demons are backing away from bec . 
 one is some sort of lizard hybrid . 
 the other looks like an anteater with several snouts . 
 one of its eyes is missing , blood and goo surrounding the empty socket . 
 i suppress a shudder as beranabus growls at the demons , `` what do the pickings look like now ? '' 
 they turn and run . 
 shark bolts after them . 
 meera and i follow , leaving beranabus and grubbs to help bec back to her feet . 
 i wonder about dervish , if he 's still alive , but i 've no time to dwell on that . 
 another window is open and the hospital has been flooded with magical energy , but i 'm still nowhere near as strong here as i am in the demon universe . 
 my power will dwindle . 
 we need to deal with these monsters swiftly , and we have to be cautious . 
 it 's much easier to die on this world . 
 i spot the remains of a few babies as we pursue the demons . 
 my stomach churns and i tear my gaze away from the tiny corpses . 
 even so , thoughts of art flash through my mind . 
 i fill with sorrow , then rage . 
 they should n't have gone after the newborns . 
 that was too cruel . 
 i 'm going to make them pay . 
 the demons burst out of the maternity ward and scuttle towards the stairs . 
 shark crouches , then propels himself forward , shooting through the air as if fired from a canon . 
 he knocks the pair of demons aside and they crash into the wall on either side of the staircase . 
 as they yelp with surprise and pain , meera and i fall upon them . 
 i take the lizard , leaving meera to deal with the anteater . 
 it 's a slimy little beast . 
 it slithers around and lashes at me with a forked tongue . 
 drops of poison hit my eyes and sizzle . 
 i use magic to transform the drops into water , then grab the demon 's tongue and yank hard . 
 it utters a choked scream . 
 the tongue slips through my fingers . 
 i follow it back into the demon 's mouth , jamming my hand halfway down the lizard 's throat . 
 taking a firmer hold of the tongue , i rip it loose and toss it away . 
 black blood gushes from the demon 's mouth and its beady eyes roll wildly . 
 i let the demon drop , then pin it to the floor with one knee . 
 i start tearing off scales , working my fingertips into the gaps , using magic to torment the demon . 
 for a long time i did n't understand how beranabus could butcher so nastily . 
 as evil as demons are ... as much as i accept the need to kill them ... i could n't condone torture . 
 but my attitude has changed over the years . 
 i 've seen too many corpses . 
 too many murdered babies . 
 these monsters deserve all the agony we can put them through , and a whole lot more on top . 
 shark helps meera finish off the anteater , then studies me as i work on the lizard . 
 `` need a hand , kid ? '' 
 `` no , '' i pant . 
 the ex-soldier squats beside me and waits for me to look at him . 
 `` i know where you 're coming from , '' he says quietly , `` but we do n't have time . 
 there are others on the loose . 
 they 're still killing . '' 
 i sigh , then shoot a burst of magic into the lizard . 
 it slumps and i rise . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` no need to apologize , '' shark says . 
 `` another time and place , i 'd have joined in and we 'd have had hours of fun . '' 
 `` fun ? '' 
 meera barks . 
 `` sure , '' shark smiles . 
 `` you 've got to get a buzz out of fighting . 
 it 'd be a hell of a life if you devoted your time to battle and did n't enjoy it . '' 
 `` anyone ever tell you you 're a sicko ? '' 
 meera snorts . 
 `` we 're all the same , '' shark protests . 
 `` i 'm just more open about it . 
 killing demons is noble and necessary , blah blah blah . 
 but it 's a blast too . 
 right , kernel ? '' 
 `` come on , '' i mutter , not wanting to engage in the debate , afraid i 'd come down on shark 's side and not liking what that says about me . 
 `` let 's kill the rest of them before they slaughter more babies . '' 
 that sobers shark and saps meera of her indignation . 
 turning our backs on the dead demons , we go into killing mode and set off in search of monsters viler and more vicious than ourselves . 
 we kill three more demons , then the mage who is keeping their window open . 
 he 's a thin , balding , middle-aged man in a cheap suit . 
 he does n't look evil . 
 most people who work for the demonata do n't . 
 he shuts his eyes as we close in on him , and he does n't cry out when shark grabs his throat and crushes it . 
 the nearby demons escape through the window to their own universe before it closes . 
 we let them flee and get stuck into those left behind . 
 demons do n't last long once a window shuts . 
 their bodies fall apart after a few minutes and they crumble away to dust . 
 but they can still kill a lot of people during that time , so we afford them no mercy . 
 when the hospital 's clean , we join the others on the roof . 
 bec , dervish , and sharmila are there . 
 sharmila 's legs have been cut off . 
 beranabus is working hard to patch her up . 
 dervish is sitting on a gurney , looking close to death . 
 meera goes to him immediately , to check that he 's ok . 
 `` i 'll guard the staircase , '' shark says . 
 `` make sure we are n't taken by surprise . '' 
 `` but the demons are gone , '' i frown . 
 `` we have humans to worry about too , '' he snorts , then nods at bec . 
 `` she 'll tell you all about it . '' 
 and she does , swiftly and clearly . 
 it 's a disturbing story . 
 first i learn that an old enemy-once a friend-has returned from beyond the grave . 
 juni swan , who i first knew as nadia moore , has come back to life in a new , mutated form . 
 i 'm always torn when i think of nadia / juni . 
 she was a bitter but kind young woman when we first met . 
 she saved my life in lord loss 's realm when i fell into a river of lava . 
 she told me then to be wary of her if we ever met again , that she served the demon master now and i should think of her as a foe . 
 but i find it hard to hate her . 
 she 's a person who lost her way . 
 she did n't seek out evil-she got sucked into it . 
 i pity her as much as i fear and mistrust her . 
 bec describes the attack on dervish 's home in carcery vale . 
 werewolves broke in , supported by humans with guns . 
 she tells us she has a curious gift-she can absorb the memories of anyone she touches . 
 one of the werewolves was a grady . 
 its parents turned it over to the lambs-family executioners-to dispose of . 
 but the lambs kept the beast alive , and they or some other group subsequently used it as a weapon . 
 we discuss this troubling turn of events . 
 grubbs is more worked up than the rest of us-he hates the thought of his relatives being manipulated . 
 bec thinks lord loss masterminded the attack , that he knows she 's part of the kah-gash . 
 beranabus agrees , then tells me to open a window . 
 dervish and sharmila wo n't last long in this universe . 
 they need magic to survive . 
 i 'm glad to set to work on the window because i need magic too . 
 my eyes are burning . 
 it was bad as soon as i set foot on this world , but since the demons ' window closed , the pain has increased sharply and my vision has started to blur . 
 my new eyes are the work of magic . 
 they ca n't function normally here . 
 as much as i despise the universe of the demonata , i 'm a slave of it now . 
 as i 'm working on the window , i hear the whispers from the mysterious small lights . 
 i glance around and spot several pulsing rapidly . 
 but the whispers do n't seem to be directed at me this time . 
 and they 're not repeating a single word . 
 there 's a steady stream of phrases , none of which i can make sense of . 
 behind me , dervish and beranabus are arguing . 
 dervish wants to stay and find out more about the werewolves . 
 beranabus says we ca n't waste time on them . 
 meera sides with dervish . 
 there have been lots of crossings recently and the disciples are struggling to cope . 
 she 's afraid the werewolves might be used to target members of the secret group . 
 if they killed a large number of the mages , demons could cross freely . 
 even though i 'm not paying a huge amount of attention to the argument , i find myself pausing . 
 `` it might be related , '' i say . 
 `` related to what ? '' 
 bec asks . 
 beranabus waves her silent and frowns at me . 
 `` this could be part of the shadow 's plan , '' i tell him , the words tumbling out by themselves . 
 the whispers from the lights have increased . 
 i have to concentrate hard to drown them out . 
 `` it could be trying to create scores of windows so that its army of demons can break through at once . 
 we 'll need the disciples if that 's the case-we ca n't be everywhere at the same time to stop them all . '' 
 `` maybe , '' beranabus says . 
 `` but that does n't alter the fact that dervish will last about five minutes if we leave him here . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine , '' dervish snarls . 
 `` no , '' beranabus says . 
 `` your heart is finished . 
 you 'll die within days . 
 that 's not a guess , '' he adds before dervish can argue . 
 `` and you would n't be able to do much during that time , apart from wheeze and clutch your chest a lot . '' 
 `` it 's really that bad ? '' 
 dervish asks quietly . 
 beranabus nods . 
 `` in the universe of magic , you might survive . 
 here , you 're a dead man walking . '' 
 `` then get him there quick , '' grubbs says . 
 `` i 'll stay . '' 
 `` not you too , '' beranabus groans . 
 `` what did i do to deserve as stubborn and reckless a pair as you ? '' 
 `` it makes sense , '' grubbs insists . 
 `` if the attacks were lord loss looking to get even , they 're irrelevant . 
 but if they 're related to the shadow , we need to know . 
 i can confront the lambs , find out if they 're mixed up with the demon master , stop them if they are . '' 
 `` is the shadow the creature we saw in the cave ? '' 
 bec asks . 
 `` aye , '' beranabus says . 
 `` we have n't learned much about it , except that it 's put together an army of demons and is working hard to launch them across to our world . '' 
 he stares at grubbs , and as he pauses , the whispers change . 
 they 're softer now , almost musical . 
 i feel uneasy , even slightly sick , but i 've no idea why . 
 `` you 'd operate alone ? '' 
 beranabus asks . 
 `` i 'd need help , '' grubbs replies , and asks for shark and meera 's assistance . 
 while they discuss that , i focus on the window again . 
 i 'm close to opening it . 
 the whispers of the lights have almost died away . 
 i feel worse than ever , as if we 're in great danger . 
 but there 's no reason to be afraid ... is there ? 
 a pale green window opens . 
 beranabus still has n't chosen whether or not to let grubbs stay . 
 `` time to decide , '' i tell him , and as i say that , the whispers spark up again . 
 `` very well , '' beranabus snaps at grubbs . 
 `` but listen to shark and meera , heed their advice , and contact me before you go running up against the likes of lord loss or the shadow . '' 
 he picks up the unconscious sharmila . 
 `` follow me , bec , '' he says and steps through the window . 
 bec does n't leave immediately . 
 she 's confused , not sure of what 's happening . 
 dervish is busy saying goodbye to grubbs and meera , wishing them luck , cursing the fact that he ca n't stay and help them . 
 as he finally stumbles through the window , grubbs has a short chat with bec . 
 then she faces me . 
 she looks more lost than i feel . 
 as difficult as it is , i force a smile . 
 `` the world moves quickly when beranabus is around , '' i tell her , trying to cheer her up . 
 `` what 's it like through there ? '' 
 she asks , staring at the window with quiet terror . 
 `` bad . '' 
 my smile slips . 
 `` the shadow 's promising the eradication of mankind and a new dawn of demon rule . 
 others have threatened that before , but it 's convinced an army of demons-even powerful masters like lord loss-that it can make good on its vow . 
 we could be looking at the end this time . '' 
 i take a step into the window of light but do n't cross fully , straddling two universes at the same time . 
 i wave bec forward . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 she looks back once , then follows me through the window to an oasis in the demon universe that beranabus and i are familiar with . 
 we 'll be safe here , for a while at least . 
 but i take no comfort from our security . 
 i 'm steady on my feet , maintaining a calm front , but inside my head sirens are blaring , my thoughts a million miles removed from werewolves , the lambs , juni swan , and the shadow . 
 i feel sicker than when i saw the dismembered babies in the hospital . 
 i 've realized why the whispers unnerved me . 
 that final burst of chattering , just before beranabus made his decision to let grubbs go , clued me in to what was really happening . 
 beranabus should have brought grubbs along . 
 he 's been wary of uniting the pieces of the kah-gash , but this was the time to risk it . 
 our enemies are on the move , trying to kill one of us or get their hands on a piece of the ancient weapon . 
 beranabus should have kept us all with him , if not to unleash the power of the kah-gash , then to protect us . 
 we 'd be a lot safer if we stuck together . 
 leaving grubbs behind was madness . 
 why did someone as experienced as beranabus make such a slip ? 
 and why did the others-myself included-go along with his bad call ? 
 i ca n't tell the others about the lights , the whispers , or my suspicion that we are being used . 
 i want to , but whenever i try to share my fears , my lips seize up . 
 i 'm unable to speak , or else everyday babble spills out and we end up talking about something else . 
 i 've tried writing , scribbling a warning in the sand of the oasis , but my fingers clench and turn against me . 
 when we first stepped through the window , i thought i might have imagined the whispers or the influence they 're exerting over us . 
 now i 'm sure i called it right . 
 the lights did-do-control us . 
 they must have planted a hidden command inside my brain that makes me clam up whenever i try to share my misgivings . 
 while i struggle to break through the spell , the others argue about what to do next . 
 beranabus wants to hunt the shadow , pick up where we left off . 
 dervish is against that . 
 he 's determined to go after juni , to settle old scores . 
 i stay out of the arguments for a couple of days . 
 but when dervish is pressing his claim for the umpteenth time , trying to sway beranabus by saying we might be able to torture juni to find out information about the shadow , the small , ever-changing lights pulse and the air hums with whispers only i can hear . 
 `` we ca n't go after lord loss directly-he 's too powerful , '' i find myself telling beranabus , and although i know these are n't my words , that i 'm being used like a puppet , i ca n't stop . 
 `` but we can target juni . 
 lord loss did n't show himself at the hospital but juni was acting on his behalf . 
 she might have been part of the group in carcery vale too . 
 if more assaults on the disciples are planned , she 'll possibly act as the go-between again , conveying lord loss 's orders to their allies . 
 if we can trap her , we can find out what she knows about the shadow . '' 
 beranabus thinks that makes sense-or the lights make him think it-so he tells me to focus on juni , track her movements , and let him know when she slips out of lord loss 's realm . 
 i want to scream and tell them we 're being toyed with , but my lips gum up . 
 i throw everything i have at the spell , to no avail . 
 in the end i do as beranabus bids . 
 i retire to one of the fake trees-the oasis is dotted with trees made of bones and scraps of flesh-and sit in the shade , glumly training my thoughts on juni swan . 
 as days pass , the others recuperate . 
 beranabus and bec fashioned new legs for sharmila out of the bones and skin of the trees when we arrived , and she adapts to them smoothly . 
 bec has worked a lot with dervish , drawing on her healing powers , doing what she can for his faltering heart . 
 neither he nor sharmila can live on earth again , but as long as they stay in this universe of magic they can function almost normally . 
 the four of them pass a lot of the time dueling , sharpening their reflexes , testing their skills . 
 magic is all about trial and error . 
 even after thousands of years , beranabus is still discovering new aspects of himself , depending on what 's thrown at him . 
 i 'd like to join them , but i 've been given a task and beranabus does n't take it kindly when one of his assistants disobeys a direct order . 
 so i keep to myself , studying the lights and focusing on juni swan and her master . 
 it 's difficult because of the whispers . 
 the murmurs come regularly while i 'm concentrating , not as strongly as at the hospital , but distracting nonetheless . 
 i ca n't stop thinking about the spell they 've woven . 
 is it the work of the shadow ? 
 unlikely-if the creature could exert such influence , it would turn us against one another . 
 the kah-gash ? 
 a weapon that can destroy universes and distort the laws of time would have no difficulty bending a few humans to its will . 
 but the kah-gash would surely have wanted me , grubbs , and bec together , to unite so it could be reassembled . 
 if not the shadow or the kah-gash , who can be controlling the lights ? 
 are they self-conscious , some new life-form ? 
 or maybe i 'm imagining them . 
 i 've doubted my sanity in the past . 
 maybe this time i 've cracked for real . 
 finally , after a week of self-torment and doubt , i sense juni opening a window and leaving lord loss 's world . 
 `` she 's moving , '' i tell the others , disrupting their latest duel . 
 they crowd around me . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 beranabus asks . 
 `` earth , '' i say after a brief pause to confirm her location . 
 `` and lord loss ? '' 
 `` he stayed in his own realm . '' 
 `` can you tell where exactly she is ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` no . 
 i should be able to , but i ca n't place it . '' 
 that worries me more than i reveal . 
 `` is she close to grubbs ? '' 
 dervish presses . 
 i do a quick scan and shake my head . 
 `` well ? '' 
 sharmila asks beranabus . 
 `` kernel and i will investigate , '' he says . 
 `` the rest of you stay here . '' 
 `` nuts to that , '' dervish huffs . 
 `` do n't forget about your heart , '' beranabus says . 
 `` or sharmila 's legs . 
 you 're a pair of wrecks on that world . 
 let us check the situation and report back . 
 we wo n't engage her if we can avoid it . '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 bec asks . 
 `` i can survive there . '' 
 `` aye , but i 'm asking you to wait . 
 please . 
 until we know more about what we 're walking into . '' 
 i 'd like to know more about it too before i cross . 
 but i 've lived with beranabus long enough to know he does n't hold much faith in the philosophy of look-before-you-leap . 
 except for his edgy pursuit of the shadow , i 've never seen him act cautiously . 
 he believes it 's best to jump in the fire and deal with the flames when they 're licking the soles of your feet . 
 we find ourselves on the deck of a massive ship , close to a swimming pool . 
 deck chairs are strewn about the place . 
 bodies everywhere , ripped to pieces , stomachs carved open , heads and limbs torn loose . 
 puddles of blood merge and spread slowly , seeping into the cracks between the planks . 
 the water of the swimming pool is a deep , dead red . 
 beranabus ignores the corpses . 
 he 's seen worse in his time . 
 i have too . 
 but it still hits me hard whenever i walk into a nightmarish scene like this . 
 it only takes me a few seconds to recover but beranabus does n't even need that . 
 he 's instantly alert , looking for threats , sizing up the situation . 
 i see him relax slightly and , once i overcome my initial shock , i realize why . 
 the area is charged with magic . 
 we 're on earth but it feels like the demonata 's universe . 
 we can operate at full capacity here . 
 `` we 're encased , '' beranabus says . 
 `` the ship 's been sealed off by a bubble of magic . 
 they must have a lodestone . '' 
 lodestones are rocks which were filled with magic by beings known as the old creatures . 
 they ruled our world in the distant past , holding the demons at bay . 
 they fled many generations ago , but left the charged stones behind . 
 many have drained of power over the centuries , and beranabus destroyed most of the others , to stop the demonata 's power-hungry mages from making use of them . 
 but some remain , secreted away , either unknown to him , inaccessible , or indestructible . 
 demons or evil mages sometimes find them and use them to open limited tunnels between universes , allowing the demonata to spend more time here and wreak maximum havoc . 
 `` where 's juni ? '' 
 beranabus asks . 
 `` lower down . 
 i thought it would be wiser not to face her until we 'd assessed the risk . 
 i do n't know if anyone 's with her , but there 's an open window . 
 it 's not very sturdy . 
 only weak demons could cross through it . '' 
 beranabus thinks about that , then says , `` i 'm going back for the others . '' 
 he steps through the window , leaving me with the dead . 
 the silence is disturbing . 
 i play out crazy scenarios inside my head , imagining the corpses coming back to life and attacking . 
 i 've never seen a zombie film . 
 i heard about night of the living dead when i was a child , but my parents would n't let me watch it . 
 i do n't have any hair-i 've always been bald-but if i did , it would be standing on end . 
 i 've got a bad case of what my mother used to call the heebie-jeebies . 
 i want to duck through the window after beranabus . 
 this ship is bad news . 
 we 'll wind up dead if we stay , bleeding sacks of flesh and bone . 
 before i can bolt , beranabus returns and the others cross after him . 
 my nerves settle and i laugh away my fears . 
 zombies-ridiculous ! 
 i 've seen enough of the universe to know we need never fear the dead , only the living . 
 the disciples are nervous . 
 bec scans the lower decks and says there 's only one demon onboard with juni . 
 i tell the others about the open window . 
 `` we should go back , '' sharmila says . 
 `` juni has set this up to ensnare us . '' 
 `` why would she be expecting us ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` lord loss may have reasoned that we would target juni . 
 perhaps everything-the attacks on dervish , juni revealing herself on the roof of the hospital-was designed to lure beranabus here . 
 the demon master might be poised to cross and finish us off personally . '' 
 `` not through that window , '' i tell sharmila , certain no demon master could make use of the opening close to juni . 
 `` then through another , '' she says . 
 `` we have never been able to explain why lord loss can cross when other masters can not , or how he goes about it . '' 
 beranabus sighs . 
 `` you could be right , but we might never get a better shot at juni . 
 if she 's not expecting us , it 's the perfect time to strike . 
 if she is and this is a trap , at least we can anticipate the worst . 
 the magic in the air means she 'll be dangerous , but it serves us as much as her . 
 if lord loss does n't turn up , we can match her . 
 if he does cross , we 'll make a swift getaway . '' 
 `` are you sure of that ? '' 
 sharmila frowns . 
 `` if we have to open a new window ... '' `` we wo n't , '' beranabus says . 
 `` kernel will stay here and guard our escape route . 
 you 'll know if any other windows open , wo n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say confidently . 
 `` then keep this one alive and watch for signs of further activity . 
 if you sense anything , summon us and we 'll withdraw . 
 is everyone satisfied with that ? '' 
 sharmila is still dubious , but she shrugs . 
 i 'm not happy either . 
 i do n't want to stay by myself , surrounded by corpses . 
 but we need to protect our only way out . 
 besides , i 'll be safer up here than down there . 
 beranabus is doing me a favor , though i 'm sure he 's thinking only of his own well-being , not mine . 
 as they make their way across the deck , i move closer to the window and pat a couple of patches back into place . 
 windows never remain stable for more than a few minutes , but i have the power to keep them open indefinitely . 
 if demons were able to manipulate the lights like i can , mankind would have been wiped out long ago . 
 the minutes pass with agonizing slowness . 
 the sun is relentless and my mouth is dry . 
 i could easily find something to drink but i do n't want to abandon my post . 
 i 'm sure i could open another window if this one blinks out of existence but i do n't want to take any chances . 
 i 'm not sure how lodestones work . 
 maybe juni could use its power to slow me down . 
 as i 'm concentrating , trying not to obsess about the mounds of corpses around me , the smaller , unpredictable patches of light begin to pulse . 
 `` not now , '' i groan , but the patches ignore me . 
 moments later come the whispers . 
 faster , more urgently than before . 
 i tense , expecting to find myself acting against my wishes . 
 maybe they 'll make me close the window or head after the others , to die with them in the ship 's hold . 
 but nothing happens . 
 if the lights are trying to influence me , they 're failing . 
 ignoring them , i focus on the window , holding it in place , keeping the shape . 
 something flickers to my left . 
 i turn and see a group of the small patches click together . 
 they swirl over and around one another , a mini vortex of various hues and shades of light . 
 more patches are attracted to the cluster . 
 it grows and spins faster , changing shape , pulsing rapidly . 
 the whispers grow louder , become shouts . 
 i do n't know what 's happening , but it can only be bad news . 
 i wish the others were here , so we could abandon this place immediately . 
 when almost all of the small lights have joined and are whirling around , they suddenly zip towards me . 
 yelping , i throw myself aside . 
 i expect them to chase me , but then i see that i was never their target . 
 they were aiming for the window . 
 they slap into it and shimmer across the face of the white panel . 
 as i sit up and stare , the window becomes a multi-colored rip in the air . 
 the whispers die away . 
 silence falls . 
 i stand but do n't approach the window . 
 i study it cautiously , fearfully . 
 the lights pulse rapidly , then slide towards the center , all the colors angling to the focal point , drawn to it as if by gravity . 
 then-an explosion . 
 a ball of light bursts from the heart of the window and shoots across the ship 's swimming pool , circling it in a spiral pattern , like a punctured balloon careening across a room . 
 the window resumes its white color . 
 the ball circles the pool a few more times , then drifts towards the deck and comes to a halt three or four feet above it . 
 the ball is rainbow-colored , about the size of a large dog , though its shape changes constantly . 
 it reminds me of the jellyish substance in a lava lamp , the way it oozes from one form into another , altering all the time . 
 `` what the hell are you ? '' 
 i gasp , not expecting an answer . 
 but to my astonishment i receive one . 
 `` i have no name . '' 
 i 've seen a lot of crazy stuff over the last few years that would leave most people 's jaws hanging . 
 i thought i was immune to surprise . 
 but this blows me away . 
 all i can do is gape at the ball of light like a five-year-old who 's walked in on santa claus . 
 `` you must come with me , '' the voice says . 
 i do n't know where the words are coming from . 
 they seem to be forming inside my head . 
 `` come ... '' the voice insists . 
 `` come where ? '' 
 i croak . 
 `` who are you ? 
 what are you ? '' 
 `` there will be time for explanations later . 
 we must depart this world before ... '' the voice stops and there 's a sighing sound . 
 `` too late . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 the rising dead terrify me more than any demon ever did . 
 demons are natural . 
 they obey certain laws . 
 you know what to expect when you face one of them . 
 but the dead are n't supposed to return . 
 when a body perishes , the soul moves on . 
 that 's the way it 's always been . 
 but someone must have forgotten to mention that to these walking , snarling , slavering corpses . 
 i stand like a simpleton , watching them advance . 
 i 'd heard that zombies in movies walk slowly , stiffly , mechanically . 
 not these . 
 they do n't have the look of living people , but they move like them , fluidly and firmly . 
 as the dead close in on me , teeth exposed , hands outstretched , the ball of light flits over their heads and flares , causing them to cover their eyes and stumble to a halt . 
 they mewl like newborn calves and lash out at the light . 
 `` come ... '' the voice repeats . 
 `` cross while they are distracted . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i howl , gaze fixed on the zombies . 
 `` come ... '' is the only response . 
 the ball of light skims over the heads of the walking dead and hovers by the window . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i whisper , studying the ranks of animated corpses . 
 `` the others ... '' `` doomed , '' the voice says . 
 `` you can not worry about them . 
 they are no longer your concern . 
 come ... '' it sounds impatient . 
 a man without a chest-it 's been ripped away , exposing the bones of his spine and shoulders-lowers his arms and blinks . 
 realizing he can see again , he sets his sights on me and rushes forward , howling wildly . 
 my hands , which have been trembling by my sides , shoot up and i unleash a ball of energy . 
 the dead man flies backwards , knocking down those behind him . 
 as others converge , i blast them with magic and back up close to the window . 
 `` yes , '' the voice murmurs approvingly . 
 but i 've no intention of going anywhere with this freakish ball of talking light . 
 i ran out on beranabus once , long ago . 
 never again . 
 taking a firm stand , i construct an invisible barrier , a circle of magic six or seven feet in diameter , through which the dead ca n't pass . 
 i 'm not good at this type of magic . 
 i doubt i could put a barrier in place strong enough to stop a demon . 
 but if these revived corpses are only as strong as they were in life , it should repel them . 
 my stomach rumbles with fear as the zombies cluster around the barrier . 
 they scrape , punch , kick , and spit at it . 
 i hear-imagine-a creaking noise . 
 i reinforce the barrier , sweating desperately , and turn 360 degrees , trying to cover every angle at once , ensuring there are no weak points . 
 there are n't . 
 the barrier holds . 
 as long as the magic in the air remains , i can keep these wretched zombies at bay . 
 i 've been holding my breath . 
 letting it out , i bend over and smile raggedly . 
 i even manage a weak laugh . 
 that would have been an awful death . 
 to stand up to one powerful demon after another , only to fall to a pack of alarming but relatively weak zombies ... it would have been a shameful way to go . 
 `` you have done well , '' the voice says , pulsing eagerly by the window . 
 `` now come with me . 
 we must leave this world . 
 we have far to go . '' 
 i straighten and study the ball of light . 
 i 'm glad of the excuse not to look at the writhing zombies , especially the children , every bit as ravenous as the adults . 
 `` i 'm going nowhere without the others , '' i tell it . 
 `` they do not matter . 
 you are the one we need . 
 come ... '' `` who are ` we ' ? '' 
 i challenge the voice . 
 `` what do you want ? 
 where - '' the ship lurches . 
 i 'm thrown sideways , towards the ranks of living dead . 
 i yell with shock , but the barrier deflects me away from the gnashing , grabbing zombies . 
 i get to my feet slowly , rubbing my arm where i collided with the barrier . 
 the ship has tilted . 
 the water in the swimming pool is starting to spill out over the lowest edge , and some of the deck chairs are sliding backwards . 
 a few of the zombies slip away from the barrier , but they 're back again moments later . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 i ask the ball of light . 
 `` the ship is sinking , '' it answers . 
 `` beranabus has been killed . 
 come now , before it is too late . '' 
 it takes a few seconds for that to hit . 
 at first i 'm just panicked that the ship 's going down . 
 then the full impact of the statement rams home . 
 `` beranabus ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` the shadow killed him . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shake my head wildly . 
 beranabus ca n't be dead . 
 the world does n't make sense without him . 
 he 's single-handedly held back the hordes of demons for more than a thousand years . 
 i knew he was old and tired , and he often spoke halfheartedly of retiring . 
 but secretly i believed he was invincible , that he 'd live forever , reborn like a phoenix when he grew tired of the confines of his old bones . 
 `` there will be no rebirth , '' the voice says calmly as everything collapses into chaos . 
 `` beranabus is dead . 
 this world will have to struggle on without him . 
 you must come with me . 
 you must . '' 
 i expect tears but there are n't any . 
 i 'm devastated by the loss of beranabus , and maybe i 'll weep for him later , but for now i 'm dry-eyed . 
 when i 'm sure i 'm not going to cry , i look at the light again . 
 this time i regard it with a hint of loathing . 
 `` you set this up , '' i snarl . 
 `` you led us here . 
 you 're in league with juni swan . '' 
 `` no , '' the voice says . 
 `` we do not serve the demonata . '' 
 `` you split us from grubbs , '' i accuse it . 
 `` you forced me to advise beranabus to focus on juni . 
 this is your work as much as it 's hers . '' 
 the ball is silent for a moment . 
 `` you were aware of our guiding hand , '' it says . 
 `` interesting . 
 you see and hear more than we thought . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i laugh roughly . 
 `` and i see through you now . 
 beranabus would be alive if we had n't come here . 
 you manipulated us . '' 
 `` to an extent , '' the voice agrees . 
 `` we needed a lodestone . 
 i could not make the final push to your world without one . 
 so we influenced you and your foes , and tempted you to this place . 
 it is unfortunate that it resulted in beranabus 's death , but that is an acceptable loss . 
 all that matters is that you come with me . 
 everything else is immaterial . '' 
 `` bull ! '' 
 i snort . 
 the ball of light flickers . 
 `` i do not understand . '' 
 `` i 'm going nowhere . 
 my friends are here-bec , dervish , sharmila . 
 i 'm staying to help them . 
 i promised i 'd keep this window open and i will . '' 
 `` no , '' the voice says . 
 `` we can not wait . 
 if you fall , all is lost . 
 i do not have the power to reclaim your fragment of the kah-gash . 
 it would go to - '' `` so that 's it , '' i yell . 
 `` you want the weapon . '' 
 `` only your part . '' 
 `` you ca n't have it , '' i sneer , taking a step away from the window . 
 the ball turns dark blue , before resuming its normal variety of colors . 
 i think it just lost its temper . 
 `` you can not defy us , '' the voice says . 
 `` you must come with me . 
 it is vital . '' 
 i shake my head and back up to within a couple of inches of the barrier . 
 `` my friends come first . 
 always . '' 
 the ball pulses for a few seconds . 
 then the voice says , `` very well . '' 
 the light flicks up over my head and cuts through the barrier , vanishing into the crowd of zombies . 
 the deck is rising steadily . 
 the pool is almost empty now . 
 some of the less sturdy zombies have started to slide down the deck , towards the end dipping into the sea . 
 but most remain pinned to the barrier . 
 more worrying than the zombies or the disappearance of the ball of light is the fading magic . 
 the bubble around the ship is intact but the magical energy is dwindling . 
 i can still maintain the barrier , but not for long . 
 i think about retreating , closing the window behind me , then building a new one , opening it to whatever level of the ship bec and the others are on . 
 it would n't take more than a few minutes . 
 but they might not have even that short time . 
 if they make it to the upper deck , this window offers their fastest route out . 
 if i disable it , they 'll have to wait , besieged by zombies , and that might be asking too much of them . 
 better to linger as long as i can , and only resort to the other plan if the barrier cracks . 
 as i make up my mind to stay , a man steps through the crowd . 
 most of his throat has been chewed away . 
 his head 's attached to his torso by stray strands of flesh and muscle . 
 he puts his hands on the barrier , palms flat . 
 his calm expression is in sharp contrast to the twisted grimaces of the other zombies . 
 as i stare at the man , wondering why he looks different , light flickers in his eyes . 
 i realize that the ball of light has wormed its way into the zombie and possessed him . 
 before i can do anything , the man steps through the barrier and clutches me . 
 `` do not fight , '' he gurgles , pushing me towards the window . 
 `` let go ! '' 
 i roar , wrestling wildly . 
 i manage to slip loose . 
 i think about darting through the window , but that 's where the light wants me to go . 
 before i can come up with an alternate plan , the zombie grabs me again . 
 `` we do not want to hurt you , '' he says , nudging me closer to the window of white light . 
 `` you must trust us . 
 we only want - '' i knee the man in the stomach . 
 even though he 's dead , he winces with pain or the memory of it . 
 as i prepare to break free , i spot bec , sharmila , dervish , and a man i do n't recognize . 
 they 're fighting against the tilt of the ship , forcing their way towards me , battling through zombies . 
 bec spots me locked in combat . 
 `` kernel ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` hold on . 
 we 're almost with you . 
 we - '' `` the lights ! '' 
 i roar back in reply . 
 `` the lights are doing this ! 
 do n't - '' `` enough , '' the man snaps . 
 `` you are coming . 
 now . '' 
 i reach for his head , to tear it all the way off . 
 before i can , the man 's eyes open wide and the ball of light gushes from them , as well as from his mouth and the gap in his throat . 
 the light is blinding . 
 i squeeze my eyelids shut , but the glare sears through them and i see almost as clearly as if they were open . 
 the ball of light sails through the window with me . 
 it completely envelops me , crackling over my creamy brown skin , tickling my hairless scalp , buzzing in my ears . 
 i 'm warm and comfortable in its embrace . 
 i think this is what it must be like for a baby in its mother 's womb . 
 i try to fight the enveloping light , to break free of its hold , but it just buckles and bulges to match my movements . 
 finally i settle back and conserve my energy , saving it for when i can focus it more usefully . 
 i study my surroundings . 
 though the multicolored ball of light holds me in its grasp like fingers clutched around a coin , it 's translucent . 
 there are other lights beyond , patches and panels , a dazzling variety of colors and sizes . 
 they fill the area around us completely . 
 no stars , sky , or planets . 
 a universe of lights . 
 we 're floating through them , sliding from one patch to another , following some sort of hidden path . 
 i hope . 
 or maybe there 's no path and we 're lost . 
 perhaps this is what the lights wanted all along , to strand me in this wilderness . 
 but i do n't think so . 
 we seem to be moving meaningfully . 
 or is that just wishful thinking ? 
 whatever the truth , i 've never experienced anything like this before . 
 whenever i 've stepped through a window , i 've emerged instantly on another world . 
 this is like traveling through an immense tunnel . 
 `` correct , '' the voice says . 
 the ball of light can evidently read my thoughts , which is bad news-i ca n't spring any surprises . 
 `` we are traveling farther than you have ever been , but we are still in your universe . 
 space is not as easily traversed here as in the demonata 's realm . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 except i do n't ask out loud . 
 my mouth wo n't open . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i cry silently . 
 `` there is no oxygen , '' the voice explains . 
 `` you are cocooned . 
 it is the easiest way to travel . 
 do n't worry-it will not last long and you wo n't be harmed . '' 
 i 'm not sure i trust the voice , but there 's nothing i can do except lie back and accept it . 
 `` so where are we going ? '' 
 i ask again , trying to sound casual . 
 `` you will find out soon , '' the voice replies and says nothing more , leaving me to study the spectacular light show in awed , helpless silence . 
 after several minutes we zone in on a massive patch of green light . 
 as we pass through , the cocoon around me slips away and i tumble to a cracked stone floor . 
 my mouth opens and i drag in a lungful of acidic but breathable air . 
 pinching my nose shut to block out the stench , i look around . 
 i 'm in a domed chamber . 
 the ball of light hangs in the air several feet away , pulsing steadily . 
 the stones around us are throbbing in unison . 
 blanking my thoughts , desperate not to betray myself , i back away . 
 there 's an exit behind me . 
 as i reach it , i pause , expecting the ball of light to shoot across and block my way . 
 when nothing happens , i slip out of the chamber and scurry through a short , narrow tunnel . 
 the tunnel opens out onto a plateau . 
 i race away from the chamber , planning to put plenty of space between myself and the ball of light . 
 but the air here is foul and my body revolts . 
 as a stitch hits me hard , i collapse , gasping for air , lungs straining , head aching . 
 after a minute of painful gasping , the stitch eases and i stand . 
 instead of running again , i turn slowly and study my surroundings . 
 i 'm on a ruined world . 
 the sky is a dark purple color , full of poisonous-looking clouds . 
 forks of lightning split the air every few seconds although i can hear no thunder . 
 when the lightning hits the ground , the dark earth flashes and explodes in short-lived funnels of dirt , mud , and pebbles . 
 huge , bone-like pillars jut out of the scorched , pockmarked earth . 
 at first i think they 're the remains of giant demons . 
 i 've seen plenty of sky demons in my time , massive monsters , some the size of a world . 
 but the longer i look , the more convinced i become that these are n't bones , but rather the remains of buildings . 
 wandering slowly to the nearest pile of pillars , breathing shallowly , i find that they 're made of some sort of metal . 
 that confuses me . 
 demons are n't builders . 
 some create houses or palaces , even towns and cities , modeled after those on earth . 
 but they use bones , flesh , cobwebs , plants , and other organic substances to fashion their facsimiles . 
 i 've never known a demon to utilize metal or concrete . 
 the voice told me we were still in the human universe . 
 i thought we slipped out of it when we crossed through the window , but it looks like we did n't . 
 i do n't know where i am , but i 'm pretty sure it 's not a demon world . 
 as i move through the ash-ridden remains of what was once maybe a skyscraper , something moves in the filth nearby . 
 jumping backwards , i try to absorb magic from the air , but there 's virtually nothing to tap into . 
 like earth , this is a zone of little or no magical energy . 
 the thing wriggles clear of the hard mud and debris it was nestling beneath . 
 it looks like a giant slug , but with six small eyes , a jagged gash for a mouth , and other human-looking bits and pieces-a few fingers , a toe , a strip of flesh that might be an ear . 
 the eyes stare at me for a moment , then the mouth opens and it thrusts itself at my face , making a gruesome , high-pitched noise . 
 the slug creature strikes my chest and i fall . 
 it 's on me in a flash , slithering to my face , leaving a slimy trail . 
 thin fingers scratch at my chin , then a grey , cold slit clamps over my mouth and nostrils . 
 i feel it tighten on my lips and nose , and the slug squeals with excitement as i struggle for air . 
 i punch the slug but my fists make little impact , merely sink into the gooey , sticky layers of its body . 
 disgusting slime oozes from the slit , filling my mouth . 
 i collapse , my lungs straining , still pushing and punching the slug , but feebly now . 
 my strength is fading . 
 soon i 'll be slug fodder and the beast will be able to feast on my flesh at its leisure . 
 as the world starts to darken around me , the slug is abruptly ripped away . 
 i catch a glimpse of it flying through the air , squealing frantically . 
 it lands hard , rolls a few times , then straightens and propels itself at me again . 
 somebody steps in front of me and meets the charge of the slug . 
 it looks like a boy , but with pale green skin . 
 he 's small but strong-he catches the slug and slams it down in a neatly executed wrestling move . 
 while the slug writhes beneath him , the boy grabs one of the creature 's fingers and bites it off with ... a small mouth set in the palm of his hand ! 
 the slug stunned me when it attacked , but when i realize who the boy is i 'm shocked to the core . 
 i stare with mounting horror and bewilderment as the slug shrieks , then quickly slips away when the boy releases it . 
 he makes sure it is n't going to attack again , then turns to face me . 
 he has the body of a young child-maybe three years old-but a head that 's bigger than an adult 's . 
 mouths in both palms , full of small , sharp teeth . 
 no eyes-instead , balls of fire burn deeply in his empty sockets . 
 and no hair-in its place , small slugs , much like the one he just saved me from , slide slowly around his skull . 
 `` artery ! '' 
 i moan . 
 i have no idea how lord loss 's familiar came to be here-he was killed a year ago-but i 'm certain he only saved me from the slug in order to kill me himself . 
 the hell child cocks his head and frowns . 
 `` no , '' he growls , and it 's the first time i 've ever heard him speak . 
 his green flesh ripples and the color fades . 
 his head shrinks and the slugs burrow into his scalp , then turn into hair . 
 the fire in his empty sockets dies away and eyes sprout to fill them . 
 his large mouth tightens a couple of notches and his sharp teeth soften into a more human-like shape . 
 the mouths in his palms disappear , flesh closing over them . 
 `` no , '' he says again , and this time his voice is softer . 
 `` not artery . '' 
 he glances at his skin-pale , like mom 's - and smiles . 
 almost no trace of the monster remains . 
 i 'm gazing at what looks like an ordinary boy . 
 and he 's every bit as familiar as the green-skinned demon . 
 `` you ca n't be real , '' i gasp , backing away from the figure . 
 `` you 're not my brother . 
 you never really existed . 
 i made you up . '' 
 `` yes , '' the boy nods . 
 `` you transformed artery into this shape and kept him safe , even though he should have perished on your world , by subconsciously utilizing the power of the kah-gash . 
 we were surprised it cooperated with you . 
 but the kah-gash never ceases to surprise us . '' 
 `` you 're not art ! '' 
 i shout . 
 `` art did n't speak like this . 
 he never spoke at all . '' 
 `` true , '' the boy says . 
 `` artery could communicate with his own kind , but only telepathically . 
 art would never have been able to speak , even if he 'd grown up . 
 `` i 'm not the demon you stole or the child you turned it into , '' the boy continues . 
 `` i am the ball of light from the ship . 
 sensing the difficulty you had accepting my natural form , i adopted the body of someone you would feel more comfortable with . 
 if you prefer , i can switch to the shape of your mother or father , but i think you will find me easier to deal with this way . '' 
 my head 's spinning . 
 `` are you a shape-shifter ? '' 
 i ask , getting to my feet and walking around the boy , checking him from every angle . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` i have no physical body . 
 i assembled this from a corpse , remolding its flesh and bones . 
 it was a creature like the one that attacked you . 
 they are pitiful beasts . 
 hard to believe they are descended from beings once as industrious as yourself . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` it 's a descendant of the atlanteans , '' art says . 
 `` they were bipeds , like you , and their society was similar to yours . 
 indeed , your distant ancestors were strongly influenced by the beings of atlantis . '' 
 `` atlantis ? '' 
 i croak . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 atlantis was a mythical city . '' 
 `` no , '' art corrects me . 
 `` it was a world of immense , amazing cities , the closest inhabitable planet to earth . 
 the atlanteans explored this world to its fullest , then the lifeless planets nearby , finally extending to their neighboring galaxies . 
 they visited your world . 
 your ancestors worshipped them , built monuments like theirs , dressed in their honor , wrote things down as they did . '' 
 `` are you pulling my leg ? '' 
 i growl . 
 `` i do not understand , '' art responds . 
 `` are you trying to fool me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 atlantis was an advanced planet . 
 the atlanteans were wise and kind . 
 but they harnessed the raw energy of this universe , and that is dangerous . 
 they knew the risks and accepted them . 
 it was the price they paid to explore further afield , beyond the confines of their own sector of the universe . 
 `` they fell within the space of an hour , '' art goes on , and although he has a child 's face , he looks like an adult as he gazes upon the wrecks of the buildings . 
 `` an explosion set off a chain reaction and their society crumbled . 
 the ships they 'd sent off into space were linked to the home world , so they were destroyed too . 
 the sky filled with pollutants and ash . 
 death claimed nineteen billion souls . 
 a few atlanteans survived and mutated , but i doubt they would have wished for their offspring to end up like this . 
 it would have been better if they 'd all perished . '' 
 art falls silent . 
 i stare at the boy who is the image of the child i once thought of as a brother . 
 now that i 'm over my initial shock , i find that he was right-it 's a lot easier talking to someone who looks like a boy than a ball of light . 
 i study the graveyard of the world around me . 
 art could be lying , but i do n't think so . 
 i 'm standing on the remains of atlantis . 
 the most famous lost city of legends was never a city at all , but a different world . 
 the information is mind-boggling . 
 if art 's telling the truth , the atlanteans visited mankind in the past . 
 they taught us to read and write , to build . 
 maybe they even bred with us and - `` no , '' art interrupts . 
 `` the atlanteans did not breed with lesser beings . '' 
 `` this is incredible , '' i gasp , the word not doing my feelings justice . 
 `` but if they traveled to our world by rockets , not windows , is this still the human universe ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 art sounds surprised . 
 `` i thought that was clear . '' 
 `` you said we had n't crossed but i was n't sure . '' 
 `` we have not left your universe and will not during the course of our travels , '' art says . 
 `` this is n't the end ? '' 
 the boy giggles the way art used to when he bit someone . 
 `` hardly . 
 this is merely the beginning of an amazing journey . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` far away , '' he answers mysteriously . 
 `` what if i do n't want to go with you ? '' 
 i counter . 
 `` you have no choice , '' art says . 
 `` is that a threat ? '' 
 `` no , '' he shrugs . 
 `` it 's just the way things are . '' 
 `` who-or what-the hell are you ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` those who know us give us many names , '' art says . 
 `` your people called us the old creatures . '' 
 `` beranabus told me about them . 
 he ... '' that reminds me of the ancient mage 's death and the danger the others face . 
 `` we have to go back ! '' 
 i cry . 
 `` you 've got to take me home , so i can - '' `` that wo n't happen , '' art says firmly . 
 `` purge yourself of the notion . 
 we have come far from your world . 
 as skilled as you are at manipulating the strings of the universe , you can not find your way back alone . 
 you must see this journey through to its end . '' 
 `` what sort of an end ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 `` where are you taking me ? 
 and if you 're not specific this time , forget it-i 'm not going to wander aimlessly through the universe with you . 
 i 'd rather stay here with the slugs . '' 
 `` very well , '' art says . 
 `` we are traveling to the birthplace of all things , where time and space began . 
 we call it the crux . 
 and it lies at the center of both this universe and the demonata 's . '' 
 `` that does n't make sense , '' i complain . 
 i try thinking of a way to outwit the old creature . 
 while i might not be able to open a window back to earth , i 'm sure i can open one to the demon universe and return home from there . 
 but art reads my mind and chuckles . 
 `` i will not permit it . '' 
 `` you ca n't stop me , '' i retort . 
 `` actually i can . 
 i have the power to tear apart any window that you create , and i can do it before the window opens . 
 if necessary , we can stay here for decades and duel with each other , but i would not recommend it . 
 you would lose . '' 
 i start working on a window , to test him , but art 's smug expression stops me . 
 he 's telling the truth . 
 cursing , i begin to question him again , but he only turns and walks back to the stone chamber , where a dark grey window is waiting for us . 
 `` what is it to be ? '' 
 art asks . 
 since i 've no real choice , i snarl and step forward with him . 
 just before i reach the window , art 's body unravels and he becomes a ball of multicolored light again . 
 `` i have to travel like this , '' he tells me , his words sounding inside my head . 
 `` i need to cocoon you again . 
 but i will resume the shape of art when we come to our next stop . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i sniff unhappily , bitter at being manipulated . 
 the light sweeps over and surrounds me . 
 when art gives the command , i step into the window and we progress . 
 over the next few hours we pass through several chambers similar to the one on atlantis . 
 some are made of stone but others are carved out of wood , metal , or other substances . 
 one is simply a chamber of lights , a dome of panels and patches . 
 we do n't leave any of these chambers , just stay long enough for art to open a new window , then move on again . 
 i 'm still amazed by atlantis , stunned by the proof of other life-forms in our universe . 
 i always assumed we were n't alone , that there were intelligent beings on other worlds . 
 but to see an actual alien was an incredible experience . 
 even if it did just look like a big slug ! 
 art 's a quiet guide . 
 he concentrates on steering us from one chamber to the next . 
 i do n't think it 's easy . 
 these patches of lights are n't as easily mastered as the ones i 'm accustomed to . 
 it seems to be hard work . 
 i 'm still worried about dervish and the others , and in shock about the loss of beranabus . 
 but there 's nothing i can do , so i lie back and bide my time . 
 i 'm in the grip of something more powerful than myself . 
 i do n't understand it and i ca n't fight or escape . 
 yet . 
 we pass through another window and i find myself in a waterlogged chamber . 
 i 'm not sure what the walls are made of , but it looks like seaweed . 
 as we slip through , parts of the walls glow . 
 it 's not magic-i can see small organisms in the crevices of the greenish blocks . 
 they 're like underwater glowworms . 
 `` we will rest awhile , '' art says , letting the window close behind us . 
 the lights surrounding me shimmer , then slip off , although a layer remains , keeping me dry and providing me with air . 
 `` that 's clever , '' i note as the ball of light transforms into a boy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 art frowns . 
 `` the shield . '' 
 `` it is nothing special . '' 
 `` are you tired ? '' 
 i ask , detecting weariness in his tone . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` travel of this nature is draining . 
 we do n't normally cross vast distances so swiftly . 
 but time is against us , so i must push myself . '' 
 `` how far have we come ? '' 
 he pauses , then says , `` you do not have words to describe it . 
 your scientists do , but their terms would mean nothing to you . '' 
 art heads towards a gap in the glowing blocks and i glide after him . 
 we exit the chamber and i 'm confronted with an underwater paradise . 
 i 'm blown away by what i see , and it takes a minute before i can do anything except bob up and down in the water and stare . 
 we 're in the middle of a city . 
 the buildings are all kinds of weird shapes , made of seaweed , shells , and huge , twisting roots . 
 many rise far above and deep below us , two hundred floors high , maybe more . 
 most sway gently . 
 all sorts of colors , illuminated by enormous swathes of the glowing organisms i saw in the chamber . 
 there are no roads , just avenues between , through , and around the buildings . 
 no glass or doors , only scores of holes in the structures . 
 i spot some creatures . 
 there are hordes-schools ? 
 - of them all around us , floating along the avenues , darting in and out of holes in the buildings . 
 they look like the sea life of my world , only more varied . 
 as i 'm watching , a shark-like beast with several mouths and one giant eye chases an animal that looks like a cross between a seal and a deer . 
 the predator runs down its prey and rips it to shreds . 
 clouds of scavengers move in quickly and finish off the scraps that the shark leaves behind . 
 `` are we safe ? '' 
 i ask nervously . 
 there are more of the sharks around , and other mutations that look ever fiercer . 
 `` they wo n't harm us , '' art says . 
 `` this is a perfectly balanced world . 
 nothing would attack anything that it was not , by nature , designed to prey upon . '' 
 as he says that , a sea snake the size of a redwood tree passes beneath us . 
 it raises its huge head and studies us . 
 i feel like i 'm going to be its lunch . 
 but then it moves on , jaws opening and closing slowly , in search of other food . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' i mutter . 
 `` when can we leave ? '' 
 `` soon , '' art says . 
 `` first i must acknowledge the greeting of the natives . '' 
 a ring of creatures closes around us . 
 each looks like a cross between a small whale and an octopus , large but graceful . 
 their many arms are adorned with shells and sea flowers , and intricate designs that might be tattoos . 
 they swirl over , under , and around one another , as if dancing . 
 `` they are dancing , '' art says . 
 `` they worship my kind and wish to perform in our honor . 
 we have not passed through here in a long time . 
 they are excited . '' 
 `` why do they think so much of you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we saved them from a demon attack long ago . '' 
 `` the demonata cross to other worlds ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` of course , '' art says . 
 `` they hate all life-forms . 
 you are not the first to suffer at their hands . 
 and you wo n't be the last . 
 far from it . '' 
 other creatures gather around us , joining the dance . 
 their movements become more involved , dozens of different species sweeping around one another , every blink of an eye or swish of a tail carefully choreographed . 
 through the crush i spot something weird rising from the depths . 
 `` is that a chessboard ? '' 
 i ask . 
 it 's much bigger than any board i 've ever seen , but it 's the right shape , with the usual arrangement of black and white squares . 
 `` there are boards like this on almost all the worlds where we have had an influence , '' art says . 
 `` the boards are central to the development of intelligence . 
 some species forget about them as they evolve , but most remember in one way or another . '' 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 what 's the big deal about chess ? '' 
 `` the game means nothing , '' art answers . 
 `` the board is everything . '' 
 something about the way he stresses the word sparks a memory . 
 i recall a visit i paid to lord loss 's kingdom several years ago . 
 the demon master loves chess . 
 one of the rooms in his web-based castle was full of sets . 
 he produced a board that he referred to as the original board . 
 each square was a self-contained universe of its own , filled with an array of demons . 
 `` yes , '' art says before i can form a question . 
 `` that was the board we used on your world . '' 
 `` i still do n't understand , '' i frown . 
 `` the board was just a toy . '' 
 `` the boards are not toys , '' art says . 
 `` each is a map of the original universe , a link to the past before time . '' 
 `` you 're talking gibberish , '' i scowl . 
 we skip from one world to another , chamber to chamber , through the sub-universe of strange lights . 
 i try to figure out how the windows are being opened , hoping to use the information to break free and make my way back home . 
 but i do n't know how art gets the panels to pulse and merge . 
 `` tell me about yourself , '' i suggest , partly to break the monotony , partly to learn more about my mysterious guide . 
 `` what do you wish to know ? '' 
 he replies . 
 `` where are you from ? 
 beranabus only said that the old creatures were beings of ancient , powerful magic , who left our world long ago . '' 
 `` we leave every planet eventually , '' art sighs . 
 `` we are nomads , moving from one world to another , never settling . '' 
 `` but you must have a home , '' i press . 
 `` everyone comes from somewhere . '' 
 `` not us , '' art says . 
 `` we are of the original universe . 
 we had no beginning . '' 
 `` that does n't make sense , '' i grunt . 
 `` it will - '' art begins . '' 
 - soon , '' i finish sarcastically . 
 `` sorry , '' art says . 
 `` i know this is hard . 
 but there is much we have to tell you and it is complicated . '' 
 `` let 's try something simpler then . '' 
 i think about the sort of things i 'd ask any stranger . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 art makes a sound like someone clearing their throat . 
 `` oh , come on , '' i shout . 
 `` surely you can tell me that much . '' 
 `` there is no easy answer , '' art says . 
 `` we are as old as this universe but we existed before it . 
 in the original universe , there was no such thing as time . 
 we were not born . 
 we did not age . 
 we simply were . '' 
 `` you ca n't be as old as the universe , '' i challenge him . 
 `` it 's billions of years old . 
 nothing lives for that long . '' 
 `` we do , '' art insists . 
 `` we exist as spheres of light , and light is almost ageless . '' 
 `` almost ? 
 you 're not immortal ? '' 
 `` not anymore , '' art says . 
 `` this is crazy , '' i mutter . 
 `` be patient , '' art urges . 
 `` by the end of this journey we 'll reveal the secrets of the universe , the origins of life , and the cause of the big bang . '' 
 `` what 's the big bang ? '' 
 art is silent for a long time . 
 then , in a dejected tone , he says , `` this is going to be harder than we thought . '' 
 more worlds and chambers . 
 i doze during some of the journey . 
 in the demon universe i can go weeks or months without sleep , but here i grow tired , just as i do on earth . 
 i start to wonder how long we 've been traveling . 
 `` this is the fourth day , '' art answers . 
 `` how much longer will it take ? '' 
 `` i can not say . '' 
 `` a week ? '' 
 i snap . 
 `` a month ? 
 years ? '' 
 i lick my lips and ask quietly , `` you will take me back , wo n't you ? '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 `` if you choose to return , we - '' `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i roar . 
 `` of course i 'll return ! 
 why should n't i ? 
 are you going to try to - '' `` peace , '' art hushes me . 
 `` the choice will be yours . 
 i do n't think you 'll want to go back , but we will not prevent you from following your destiny . '' 
 `` i 'll definitely want to go back , '' i growl . 
 `` you should not make such sweeping statements , '' art says . 
 `` when you went in search of the demon masquerading as your brother , you were certain you 'd return home when you found him , but you did n't . 
 there are no certainties except death . 
 and even that - '' whatever he was about to say is lost , because we pass through a window into a chamber made of moss-covered stones . 
 and the place is crawling with demons . 
 they 're foul beasts , shaped like horses , but their flesh is rotting away and their bones poke through . 
 yellow blood drips down their legs from their rib cages . 
 the heads are larger than on any horse i 've seen , and each has two sets of mouths , one above the other . 
 there are no teeth-instead , human-looking fingernails jut out of their gums , blood and drool dribbling between the cracks . 
 the demons had been fighting or playing with one another-hard to tell with these monsters-but they stop when we pop out in the middle of them . 
 then , with howls of hunger and delight , they hurl themselves at us . 
 i react automatically and fire a ball of energy at the nearest beast , then leap clear , onto one of the higher stones of the chamber . 
 the roof caved in long ago and i can see out . 
 a quick survey of the land beyond reveals a scorched , ruined world teeming with monsters . 
 a massive demon is rising into the air a few miles away . 
 hundreds of beasts are clinging to it , or settled on its back in rows . 
 fleshy strands dangle from its stomach . 
 large rocks are attached to the lower ends . 
 a horse-demon jumps , rears its hooves , and slashes at my throat . 
 i duck , slam my shoulder into its face , and knock it back . 
 `` art ! '' 
 i scream as others come pounding closer . 
 `` cover your eyes , '' art says . 
 `` use magic as well as your hands . '' 
 `` what good will that do ? '' 
 i yell , jumping to another stone . 
 there 's a flash of light and my eyes melt in their sockets . 
 the pain is intense but nothing new . 
 it 's just like when my original eyes were stabbed out . 
 as i howl and fight off waves of pain and madness , art says , `` you should have done what i told you . 
 these demons are called the sligstata . 
 light is my only weapon against them . 
 most can construct new eyes , as you can , but you have done it before , so you should be faster . 
 set to work immediately , but focus your other senses on the sligstata . 
 you can avoid them if you concentrate . '' 
 `` but i ca n't see ! '' 
 i howl . 
 `` i 'm blind ! '' 
 `` you 'll be dead if you do n't do what i tell you , '' art snarls . 
 there 's real fear in his tone . 
 `` i ca n't fight these creatures , even if i turn into artery-there are too many . 
 i can blind them again , but they 'll soon grow wise to that trick . 
 i 'm opening a new window but it will take a few minutes . 
 you must defend yourself . '' 
 i curse the old creature , then set to work on building a new pair of eyes . 
 it was a long , complicated process before , but this time they grow swiftly , smoothly . 
 as the eyes form , i listen to the demons and sense their positions . 
 they 're stumbling around , lashing out at one another , wild with blind panic . 
 no threat as long as i remain up here . 
 but others are coming . 
 they swarm over the ruins of the chamber , knocking each other aside in their eagerness to tear into me , the echo of their hooves ringing louder as they draw closer . 
 there 's strong magic in the air . 
 i let a ball of power build in my fists and wait until the monsters are several feet away , packed tight , focused on me . 
 then i let them have it , a blast straight down the middle , scattering them , ripping open stomachs and heads , incinerating eyes , faces , and internal organs . 
 the demons screech with pain and anger , falling beneath the hooves of those behind them . 
 one of the sligstata hurls itself at me , both sets of mouths gnashing , fingernails twitching . 
 i pirouette away from it like a ballet dancer and land on the opposite side of the chamber . 
 my eyes have almost completed the healing process but i still ca n't see . 
 `` protect yourself , '' art hisses . 
 i was letting another ball of magic build in my hands , but now i divert the power to my eyes and erect a wall of blackness . 
 i see nothing but i know when the light flashes by the screams of the sligstata . 
 one of the beasts must have expected the flash and guarded its eyes , because while the others thrash around and topple into the chamber , it makes a beeline for me . 
 no time to dance aside . 
 planting my feet firmly , i grab the monster by its neck and hold its spitting mouths a few inches from my throat . 
 the stench of its breath would floor a lesser mortal . 
 as i 'm struggling with the demon , my eyes connect with my brain and the world swims back into sight . 
 the sligstata 's mouths are closer than i thought . 
 gritting my teeth , i push hard and its jaws slide back . 
 but it 's tenacious and my fingers are damp with sweat and blood . 
 in a few seconds it will wriggle forward and finish me off . 
 when i first tried to fight in the demonata 's universe , i was so scared i threw up . 
 i was ashamed at the time , but since then i 've learned the value of a good stream of vomit . 
 i send a magical buzz down my throat and a wave of digested food rises . 
 i spray the demon with hot , thick puke . 
 it gurgles happily , then screeches as i turn the liquid to acid . 
 as the sligstata burns and writhes , i drop it and look around . 
 dozens of fresh demons are racing towards the chamber . 
 too many to fight . 
 some of those beneath me have grown new eyes and are knocking aside the blind sligstata , zoning in on me , hell-bent on making me pay for their torment . 
 `` it 's looking bad , '' i yell at art , firing a magical bolt at a demon as it tops the chamber wall , driving it back . 
 `` a few more seconds , '' art says calmly , pulsing steadily , hovering in the air above my head . 
 `` we do n't have that long . '' 
 `` just keep them busy a couple more ... '' a blue window blinks into life . 
 i do n't wait for art to give the order . 
 with a yell of fear and triumph , i throw myself at it , linking my hands like a person diving into a swimming pool . 
 the sligstata snap at me with their nightmarish mouths , but miss , and a second later i 'm flying through the panel of light . 
 i start to cheer but the sound catches in my throat as fingernails bite into my left leg . 
 i kick but the beast holds firm and drags me back . 
 the patches of light are twinkling seductively , but i 'm being hauled away from them , back into the chamber of death . 
 i try summoning magic to fry the sligstata , but i 'm temporarily drained . 
 this looks like the end of cornelius fleck . 
 i just hope they kill me quickly . 
 some demons can keep their victims alive for thousands of - it takes a while to settle down . 
 `` thanks , '' i say when i 've stopped chuckling . 
 `` you saved my life . '' 
 `` that 's my job , '' art says wryly . 
 `` i thought i was done for . 
 there were so many of them ... '' i frown . 
 `` that was n't the demon universe , was it ? '' 
 `` no , '' art says . 
 `` i told you we would not be crossing to their realm . '' 
 `` then what were the sligstata doing there ? '' 
 `` that world was demon-free a few months ago , '' art says . 
 `` they must have broken through recently . 
 i would n't have come this way if i 'd known . '' 
 `` even so , how could so many ... '' i stop as the answer pops into my head . 
 `` they opened a tunnel between their universe and that world . '' 
 `` yes , '' art says . 
 `` the sky demon , '' i say slowly . 
 `` did you see it ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 there were more , a convoy of them in the sky . '' 
 `` where were they going ? '' 
 `` other worlds . '' 
 art sighs . 
 `` there were stones of magic hanging beneath it . 
 you call them lodestones . 
 we set such markers in place on all the worlds we visit . 
 they help us hold the demonata at bay and give the inhabitants of the planets a chance to evolve . 
 `` the defensive power of the stones fades when we move on . 
 as the safety net crumbles , demons seek to open windows and tunnels . 
 if they succeed , they wipe the world clean . 
 then , in most cases , they return to their own universe . 
 but sometimes on a world where lodestones are plentiful , they use it as a base to launch more attacks . 
 `` the sky demon and its passengers are heading for neighboring worlds , using the stolen , corrupted magic of the lodestones to sustain them . 
 it will take millennia , but they are patient . 
 the power will drain from the stones eventually and they 'll have to return home , but that might not be for millions of years . '' 
 `` and as long as the stones hold , they can stay in this universe ? '' 
 i ask , feeling sick . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how far is that sky demon from earth ? '' 
 `` billions of miles . 
 it will never trouble your people . '' 
 `` but if it was setting off from a nearer world , like atlantis , it could descend on us one day , carrying hordes of demons ? '' 
 `` yes , '' art says . 
 `` is our universe full of sky demons , slowly making their way from one world to the next ? '' 
 `` hardly full of , '' art mutters . 
 `` but there are many of them . '' 
 `` then we ca n't beat them , '' i croak . 
 `` we thought if we stopped them crossing , we were safe . 
 but if armies are already here , making their way towards us ... '' `` all worlds will fall eventually , '' art says glumly . 
 `` all beings will die . 
 that is the nature of the universe . 
 nothing is forever . 
 death claims all things in the end . '' 
 `` sure , '' i grunt bitterly . 
 `` but i did n't know there were scores of demons cruising the skies , working hard to wipe us out . '' 
 `` it is not an issue , '' art says . 
 `` your world will have fallen long before any sky demon reaches it . '' 
 my eyes narrow . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the lodestones are a temporary form of protection , '' he says . 
 `` demons always cross . 
 the only hope any beings have is to master the skies . 
 if a species learns to move on to other worlds , they can stay ahead of the demonata . 
 your people have n't made that crucial step to the stars . 
 your planet will fall within the next year . 
 it is inescapable . '' 
 my jaw drops , then firmly closes . 
 i breathe in and out through my nostrils , waiting until i 'm calm . 
 when i 'm in control , i say very clearly , `` i want to go home . '' 
 `` it would be pointless , '' art says . 
 `` you could do nothing to stop it . '' 
 `` i have to try . 
 even if i fail , i want to be there at the end . 
 if earth 's going to fall , i 'll fall with it . '' 
 `` no , '' art says . 
 `` you have a greater destiny . '' 
 `` i do n't care about - '' i begin to snarl . 
 `` life must continue , '' art interrupts . 
 `` we realized , billions of years ago , that this universe was doomed . 
 the demonata are stronger than those who populate our worlds . 
 in time they 'll conquer all . 
 we devoted ourselves to denying them that victory . 
 we vowed to find a way to ensure life continued . '' 
 `` i thought you said all things perish . '' 
 `` ultimately , '' he replies . 
 `` this universe is a living thing , and it will die of old age eventually . 
 but we can make sure that the end comes in its own time , not at the hands of the demonata . 
 if you help us . '' 
 i 'm silent a long time . 
 i ca n't understand everything art is talking about , but if he 's right ... if there 's some way to thwart the plans of the demonata ... `` how much farther do we have to go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not far , '' art says . 
 `` another day , perhaps , and we will reach the crux . '' 
 `` and you 'll tell me everything ? '' 
 i press . 
 `` no more riddles or half-answers ? '' 
 `` everything will be revealed , '' art promises . 
 `` after that you can stay or go as you please . '' 
 more worlds and chambers . 
 pretty much all of the planets have fallen . 
 they feel old and cold . 
 art says these were some of the earliest settled worlds , the first planets that the old creatures populated . 
 `` you 're like gods , '' i mutter . 
 `` you spread life across the universe . '' 
 `` we nurture life , '' art corrects me . 
 `` we do n't create it . 
 we do n't know where the living things of this universe came from , how life was born out of fire and chaos . 
 there are forces at work beyond even our knowledge . '' 
 `` then gods-or god-might be real ? '' 
 i press . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` what about an afterlife ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` do you know what happens to our souls when we die ? '' 
 `` no , '' art says . 
 `` we will talk more about that later , but first ... '' we 're approaching a small window . 
 we 've been moving at a constant speed , but now art slows . 
 `` we are almost at the crux , '' he says , and there 's a nervous edge to his voice . 
 i feel the ball of light tighten around me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i ask suspiciously . 
 `` the crux is a place of great danger , '' he replies . 
 `` we can not stay long , and i must cling tightly to you while we 're there , or you will be disintegrated . '' 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 i yelp . 
 `` you never said anything about disintegration ! '' 
 `` i did n't want to frighten you , '' art chuckles . 
 i stare anxiously at the window , wondering if there 's anything i can do to stop this . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' art says . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i cry as we draw close . 
 `` have you ever taken anyone like me into the crux before ? '' 
 art hesitates , then says sheepishly , `` no . '' 
 `` then how do you know - '' before i can finish , we smash through the window and i scream at the top of my lungs , as if riding the wildest roller coaster in the universe . 
 as soon as we slip through the window , the temperature skyrockets . 
 we 're gliding towards a massive orb of seething fire . 
 this must be what the sun is like close up . 
 the space around us throbs with magical energy . 
 i sense art tapping into that magic , using it to shield us from the unbelievable heat , glare , and radiation . 
 i ca n't imagine anything non-magical surviving here . 
 we zip closer to the ball of fire . 
 it shimmers savagely as i stare at it , awestruck and horrified . 
 it does n't have a constant shape . 
 the edges buckle and warp , bulge out , then twist back in on themselves . 
 pillars of flame shoot from the surface , spiral around the face of the orb , and are absorbed by it again . 
 sometimes it turns a blinding white shade . 
 other times it goes black and becomes almost invisible against the expanse of space around it . 
 most of the time it flickers between the two colors , waves of fire lashing across the surface and bubbling over without pause . 
 the sun-like ball terrifies me . 
 it 's not just the heat . 
 being here is wrong . 
 i feel like i 'm breaking a sacred law by looking at this wild globe of wondrous fire . 
 `` we 've broken more laws than you could imagine by bringing you here , '' art says . 
 `` but we can not always be prisoners of the laws we live by . 
 sometimes we have to transcend them . '' 
 we press closer to the orb . 
 we 're almost upon it . 
 my mouth is dry . 
 my skin feels like it 's burning . 
 my eyes seem to be roasting in their sockets . 
 i want to turn and get as far away from here as possible . 
 but before i can beg art to stop , we hit the outer rim and are swallowed by a billion licks of ravenous flame . 
 it takes several minutes to cut through the outer ring . 
 i 've fought demons made of fire , so a realm of flames is nothing new . 
 but this fire is hotter than any i 've experienced . 
 it roars about us like a living , furious sea . 
 but art holds firm and guides me through the billowing walls of the furnace . 
 finally we break through the flames and enter a realm of bewitching marvels . 
 it 's a vast , oval , grey space , illuminated by constant bolts of lightning . 
 there 's debris everywhere , asteroids , pebbles , and dust swirling around . 
 the lightning regularly splits rocks and splinters them , but the pieces join with other shards to form new , larger rocks , which in turn are split again . 
 the space is dominated by a series of enormous square panels . 
 half are black , half white . 
 the panels revolve slowly around the sphere , never meeting . 
 anything that hits the panels-lightning forks , rocks , flickers of flame-is absorbed , then spat out moments later . 
 balls of multicolored light-old creatures-float around the black panels . 
 hundreds of demons cluster around the white squares . 
 my insides tense when i spot the demonata , but art speaks quickly to calm me . 
 `` they will not harm us , '' he says . 
 `` this place is sacred to both sides . 
 we do not kill here . '' 
 `` you could have warned me earlier , '' i growl , then frown . 
 `` what happened to your voice ? 
 it 's deeper than before , and echoey . '' 
 `` we are all speaking to you now , '' art says stiffly . 
 `` we do not experience individuality when we are together . '' 
 i glance around at the various balls of light . 
 they were pulsing in unison as art spoke . 
 it 's too confusing to think of them all speaking at the same time , so i focus on art and pretend i 'm talking to a single entity . 
 `` what 's the story ? '' 
 i ask , shivering as a bolt of lightning strikes the film of light around me and is deflected . 
 `` why are we here ? 
 what are the big secrets ? '' 
 `` the panels are the key , '' art says . 
 `` you remember the chessboard we saw on the earlier world ? '' 
 `` yes , but what does ... '' i stop and cast an eye over the panels again , doing a quick count . 
 there are thirty-two black squares and an equal number of white . 
 `` the original universe was shaped like a chessboard , '' art explains . 
 `` there were sixty-four zones , half black , half white . 
 each zone was limitless in size . 
 time did not exist . 
 the universe had existed and would exist forever . 
 it was the same for us and the demonata . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i interrupt . 
 `` everything has to begin somewhere . '' 
 `` only if time exists , '' art corrects me . 
 `` how can time not exist ? '' 
 i huff . 
 `` time as you know it began with the big bang . '' 
 `` i told you i do n't know what that means . '' 
 `` peace , '' art calms me . 
 `` we will come to that . 
 first , accept that this was the state of the universe . 
 sixty-four zones , equal in all respects , black separated from white by a force we called the kah-gash . '' 
 i focus intently when he mentions the kah-gash , ignoring the things i do n't understand . 
 i can try to make sense of the bewildering bits later . 
 `` demons existed in the white zones , '' art continues . 
 `` vile , violent monsters , who could reproduce . 
 we inhabited the black zones , and were sterile . 
 that did not trouble us . 
 since there was no time , we were immortal . 
 death did exist-we could be killed-but it rarely bothered us . 
 we roamed the endless depths of our zones , peaceful and content . 
 `` demons and old creatures were never meant to mix . 
 the kah-gash kept us separate . '' 
 i spot a disturbance among a group of demons clustered around one of the white panels . 
 until a few seconds ago , they swarmed around the panel like ants , but now they part , forming two neat ranks . 
 one of the beasts glides between the others , angles for the panel , then brushes against it and is absorbed . 
 i wait for it to emerge but nothing happens . 
 `` the demon is dead , '' art says . 
 `` it was ancient , one of those who existed in the original universe . 
 no living creature can touch the panels and survive . 
 most of the original demonata and old creatures choose to perish here when it is their time . '' 
 `` one down , just a few trillion to go , '' i chuckle humorlessly . 
 then i pause . 
 `` is that why the other demons are here , to bid farewell to the dead one ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i did n't think demons worked that way . 
 those i 've known do n't care about any of the others . '' 
 `` the original demons are different , '' art says . 
 `` they have known each other for so long that they have formed bonds . 
 we would normally stay away at a time like this , as they do when we gather here for a funeral . 
 but it was important to protect you . '' 
 `` i thought you said you do n't kill here . '' 
 `` we do n't , '' art says . 
 `` but if they see a human , they might attack . 
 we will distract them if they grow curious , and defend you if necessary . '' 
 we watch the end of the ceremony . 
 nothing much happens . 
 the demons hold their ranks for a while , then break apart and drift towards the ring of fire that encircles the crux . 
 `` initially we were not aware of the demonata , and they knew nothing of us , '' art resumes . 
 `` but the demonata were curious . 
 they tested the barriers where white met black , and found a way to cross . 
 they discovered us . '' 
 `` and they attacked , '' i guess . 
 `` they set out to kill you all . '' 
 art sighs . 
 `` we knew nothing of war . 
 we fled for the furthest reaches of our zones , hoping the demonata would lose interest and let us be . '' 
 `` some hope ! '' 
 i snort . 
 `` it was brutal , '' art says softly . 
 `` we learned about pain , suffering , and loss for the first time . 
 we were innocent , but we matured fast . 
 we had to or they would have slain us all . 
 `` we fought back . 
 your people know much of warfare , but they have never seen it on such a scale . 
 universal , timeless , a war of magic . 
 the universe burned . 
 the kah-gash buckled . 
 ultimately it could stand the strain no longer . '' 
 we 've been drifting closer to one of the black squares . 
 it 's bigger than i assumed , several miles high . 
 i feel tiny as we pass within its shadow . 
 `` we knew we should stop , '' art whispers . 
 `` the laws were shattering . 
 the universe was crumbling . 
 the kah-gash could not hold . 
 but still we fought . 
 we had become slaves to war . 
 `` in the end the kah-gash fractured . 
 in a blinding , destructive flash , all sixty-four zones shrank to the size of a speck . 
 a split second later , the ball of the universe exploded . 
 everything was destroyed and reborn . 
 life as you know it began . '' 
 `` and that 's when the universe was created ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` universes , '' art corrects me . 
 `` there are two . 
 although there were sixty-four zones before the big bang , there was only one universe . 
 the laws of the white zones differed to those of the black , but they were held in place by the kah-gash . 
 now the two universes are separate . '' 
 `` i do n't understand why they exist at all , '' i mutter . 
 `` why was n't everything wiped out in the explosion ? '' 
 `` the kah-gash protected us . 
 its last act was to create two individual universes , dividing the warring races . 
 it hoped the new structures would keep us apart . 
 as you have seen , they did not . '' 
 `` ok , '' i say slowly . 
 `` our universe and the demonata 's were born out of the ashes of the old one , like a phoenix rising from the flames after it dies . 
 so what 's this place ? '' 
 `` this is the crux , the one point common to both universes . 
 the explosion happened here . 
 the new universes spread out in all directions from this area . 
 the universes overlap each other . 
 they share the same space but never touch . 
 except here . 
 the crux exists in both universes at once . '' 
 `` and those black and white panels are the remains of the kah-gash ? '' 
 `` yes , but only of its body . 
 all conscious beings have a body and a soul . 
 what you see here are the kah-gash 's physical remains . 
 the segments of its soul flew off along with everything else . '' 
 `` does that mean there are sixty-four pieces ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no . 
 there are only three . 
 you , bec , and ... '' art falls silent , then says , `` something is happening . '' 
 `` what do you - '' i start to ask . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 art snaps . 
 i look around , trying to determine the source of art 's unease . 
 my first thought is that the demons are mounting an attack , but they do n't seem to be paying any attention to us . 
 and the panels are revolving the same as before . 
 so why ... wait . 
 i 'm wrong . 
 the panels are n't the same . 
 they 're not circling any longer . 
 they 're gliding forward now . 
 towards us . 
 towards me . 
 `` art ? '' 
 i mumble . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 `` gravitating towards you . 
 possibly trying to reunite . '' 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 i ask . 
 art does n't answer . 
 instead he reverses direction and suddenly we 're flying towards the ring of fire as fast as we can . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i shout . 
 `` we do not know , '' art says . 
 `` we had not expected such a reaction . '' 
 `` what will happen if they join ? '' 
 `` we are not sure . 
 maybe nothing . 
 maybe the end of all we know . '' 
 `` the end of the universes ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 i stare with horror at the giant squares . 
 they 're coming together slowly , but not slowly enough for my liking . 
 `` will they stop if we get out of here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we think so , '' art says . 
 there 's a brief pause . 
 `` we hope so . '' 
 i watch helplessly as we draw away from the panels . 
 it looks like we 'll make it out of here before they join . 
 after that we 'll just have to pray that - a blast of magic strikes us and art makes a high-pitched shrieking noise . 
 we 're knocked sideways . 
 i glance to my left , the direction the shot came from . 
 i spot a pack of demons streaking towards us . 
 they unleash more bolts of magic , but the old creatures intercept them and blast them aside or absorb the shots themselves . 
 `` art ? '' 
 i whisper , fearing the worst . 
 `` i am not dead , '' he says . 
 `` you will perish too if i die . '' 
 we pick up speed again . 
 `` why are they doing this ? '' 
 i pant , keeping a close eye on the fighting . 
 the old creatures and demons are n't engaging at close quarters-they hover apart and take long-range shots at one another-but it looks ugly . 
 a few of the balls of light are shattered while i watch , and several of the demons are ripped apart . 
 `` the demonata wish for the end of the universes , '' art says . 
 `` they must have seen the panels move , spotted you , and guessed you were the source of the disturbance . 
 like us , they can not know what will happen if the panels join , but they clearly wish to keep you here and - '' art is struck again . 
 he does n't slow this time , but his scream lasts even longer than before . 
 we 're almost at the ring of fire , but a demon has broken through the ranks of old creatures and is narrowing the gap , moving faster than we are . 
 we hit the wall of fire and plow through . 
 it feels even hotter than it did the last time . 
 areas of my skin start to smolder . 
 `` you must use magic , '' art says calmly . 
 `` i can not protect you as i did before . 
 i am wounded and must focus on opening a window . '' 
 `` if we make it through the fire , we 'll be safe , right ? '' 
 i yell , doing what i can to counter the burns breaking out across my flesh . 
 `` they ca n't follow us into the human universe , can they ? '' 
 `` no , '' art says . 
 `` but we will not make it . 
 the demon will catch us . 
 we have to open the window from here . '' 
 `` can you do that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` in theory , '' he says , doing nothing to calm my frayed nerves . 
 art is struck again but pushes on , concentrating on the small patches of light that i glimpse through the flicker of the flames . 
 i try to create a barrier to help but there is n't a strong supply of magic here , at least not the sort i can tap into . 
 the best i can do is cool my skin and quench the worst of the flames . 
 the demon looks nothing like those i 've fought in the past . 
 it 's huge , a mass of bulges , not shaped like any animal i 've ever seen . 
 i 'm not even sure where its face is . 
 all i know is that it 's utterly evil , determined to kill us , and closing quickly . 
 `` art ... '' i mutter . 
 `` we know , '' he replies . 
 `` i have almost ... '' a window of red light forms in the distance , almost impossible to see against the fiery backdrop . 
 i give a shout of triumph , but it 's drowned out when another blast of magic hits us . 
 art screeches . 
 the bolt of energy drives us closer towards the window , but art 's scream cuts out midway and the lights around me shatter . 
 there 's no oxygen , so the flames die away . 
 the pain does n't , but i 've no time to focus on that . 
 it 's freezing and there is n't any air . 
 if i ca n't construct a shell around myself , and soon , i 'm finished . 
 i search for magic , but there 's nothing i can make use of . 
 this zone of lights contains even less magical energy than there was on earth . 
 i thrash about like a fish on dry land , lips shut , eyes bulging . 
 i feel my skin tighten from the cold , but that does n't bother me . 
 i 'll suffocate long before i freeze to death . 
 as my lungs strain for air that is n't there , my limbs go still and a calm wave spreads through me . 
 in a way this is fitting . 
 i was always a lonely child . 
 i often felt out of place , not in sync with the people around me . 
 now i 'm going to die in true isolation , more alone than any human has ever been . 
 a gloomy mist crosses my eyes . 
 i think it 's the shades of death drawing over my face , but then i blink and realize it 's a dark green window that has opened ahead of me . 
 as i stare at it numbly , a ball of light shoots through and envelops me from head to toe . 
 i 've just enough time to marvel at the warmth it brings . 
 then my eyelids flutter and i fall unconscious . 
 i awake on a grey , cold , ashen world . 
 i sit up , groaning . 
 my skin is blistered . 
 parts feel raw . 
 but i 'm alive . 
 something moves nearby . 
 `` art ? '' 
 i call . 
 `` no . '' 
 a tall black man steps into view . 
 he 's fat , with very dark skin , dressed in an expensive-looking suit . 
 my eyes widen . 
 `` raz ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` only in appearance , '' the man says solemnly . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i start to rise but pain prevents me . 
 grimacing , i frown at the fat man . 
 raz warlo was a disciple . 
 i met him when i first joined beranabus . 
 he was killed during the quest to find my baby brother . 
 `` why change ? '' 
 i wheeze . 
 `` the one you knew as art is dead , '' raz says . 
 `` although shapes mean nothing to us , we know you need them to make sense of the universe . 
 we felt it would be easier for you if i took a different form . '' 
 he looks down at himself and frowns . 
 `` the suit was a difficult touch . '' 
 `` what happened back there ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the panels of the kah-gash reacted to your presence , '' raz says . 
 `` the demons attacked . 
 we managed to get you out before they killed you . '' 
 `` and the panels ? 
 did they stop ? '' 
 `` the fact that we still exist makes me think so , '' raz says dryly . 
 i nod slowly , then clear my throat . 
 `` art sacrificed himself to save me . '' 
 `` evidently . '' 
 `` and you placed your life at risk by coming after me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i groan . 
 `` why take me to the crux and risk your lives for my sake ? '' 
 `` that will become clear very soon , '' raz says and nods at a rock behind me . 
 `` that is a lodestone . 
 it is the reason i brought you to this world . 
 i suggest you use its power to heal yourself before we continue . '' 
 now that i focus , i realize there 's a strong current of magic flowing around me . 
 i tap into it gratefully and set to work on my wounds , patching up the holes burned in my flesh . 
 as i 'm sealing the last of the gashes , raz looks around at the dead land , then says , `` did you ever plan to have children ? '' 
 the question throws me and i squint at him . 
 `` i had n't given it much thought . 
 probably not . 
 it 's hard to bring up a child when you 're busy battling demons . '' 
 `` the old creatures ca n't reproduce , '' raz says . 
 `` it did n't matter in the original universe , since we were immortal . 
 that changed when the kah-gash fractured . 
 now every creature ages . 
 we are captives of time and the price of our captivity is death . '' 
 as raz speaks , i stand and stretch . 
 my stomach rumbles . 
 i 'm ravenous and thirsty , but there 's nothing to eat or drink , so i do my best to ignore the cries of my deprived body and focus on the old creature 's lecture . 
 `` we accepted our mortality , '' raz continues , `` but the demonata craved a return to the way things were . 
 they wanted to live forever . 
 so they set about thwarting the hold of death . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` as long as the new universes exist , death will claim us all , '' raz says . 
 `` but if those universes are eradicated ... if the kah-gash is reassembled and the old laws are reestablished ... '' i start to tremble . 
 `` beranabus said the kah-gash could destroy a universe . 
 but you 're saying it could destroy both ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the kah-gash could draw everything back through time to the moment of the big bang , eliminate all that that has happened since , and restore the original universe . '' 
 `` what would happen to us ? '' 
 i gasp . 
 `` you would have never existed , '' raz says . 
 `` time would be reversed . 
 all the creatures and planets of the new universes would be wiped out . 
 only the old creatures and the demonata would survive . '' 
 `` why would n't you be killed too ? '' 
 `` we think we would be protected , as we were when the kah-gash exploded . 
 if we are correct , even the new demonata-the spawn of the original beasts-would be spared , since they carry the genes of their parents . '' 
 `` then why not us ? '' 
 i ask hollowly . 
 `` you are not our offspring , '' raz says sadly . 
 `` new life was created when this universe was born . 
 we have guided many species and helped souls develop . 
 but you are not ours . 
 `` we must go , '' raz says abruptly . 
 `` you need to eat , so we will move on . '' 
 he sets to work on the tiny patches of light in the air around us . 
 `` what world of wonders are we heading for now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i wanted to be an astronaut when i was younger , walk on the moon , fly around in a rocket , zap aliens with a laser gun , teleport across galaxies . 
 i 've done a lot more than that in the years since , boldly going places where no man would ever want to go . 
 still , that love of spacemen and rockets remains , and when raz tells me we 're heading for a spaceship , i fill with excitement . 
 but when we slide through the window , it 's into a large room of concrete walls , boxes stacked neatly to the sides , fluorescent lights overhead . 
 there 's a small garden in the middle of the room . 
 `` this is n't a spaceship , '' i grumble . 
 `` spaceships are made of metal , full of stuff like ... '' i stop , realizing how ridiculous that sounds . 
 spaceships in movies and comics might be like that . 
 but in the real world , built by beings of another planet , why should they be ? 
 `` precisely , '' raz says . 
 `` this is a massive craft designed to navigate the vastness of space . 
 it is the size of a city , home to two million creatures . 
 they fled their dying planet long ago and have sailed among the stars ever since . 
 `` now eat . '' 
 `` eat what ? '' 
 i ask , looking around . 
 `` anything , '' raz says . 
 `` the crates are packed with nutritious substances . 
 and there are bottles of liquid in those . '' 
 he points at the boxes to my left . 
 `` wo n't anyone mind ? '' 
 i ask nervously , not wanting to get on the wrong side of short-tempered aliens . 
 `` these are excess supplies . 
 nobody will notice . '' 
 i shuffle over to the crates and lift off the lid of the nearest box . 
 there are large plastic bottles inside . 
 the liquid in them is an unpleasant green color . 
 the stench , when i snap the top off , is vile . 
 `` are you sure this is safe ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why are n't you drinking any ? '' 
 `` i do n't need it . '' 
 skeptical , i raise the bottle and take a sip . 
 it 's disgusting ! 
 i spit it out and grimace , then reluctantly drain a mouthful and swish it around . 
 the taste does n't improve , but after half a minute of swishing , i gulp , then lower the bottle and wait to be sick . 
 when nothing happens , i drink some more , then look for something to sink my teeth into . 
 the food is as unappealing as the liquid , but it fills me up . 
 when my stomach can hold no more , i wipe my lips with a hand and glance at raz . 
 `` done ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` done , '' i confirm . 
 `` are you ready to go on a quick tour ? '' 
 `` can i ? '' 
 i ask eagerly . 
 `` i know you want to . 
 i can disguise us to look like natives . '' 
 `` great ! 
 let 's do it . '' 
 leaving the storeroom , we walk down a long corridor , then take an elevator to an upper level . 
 it looks remarkably like the elevators on earth . 
 `` you should n't be surprised , '' raz says . 
 `` we sowed the seeds of intelligence among most of the universe 's beings , and the rest were assisted by those we first helped . 
 there are many similarities between species . '' 
 the elevator comes to a halt and the doors slide open . 
 i step out into a noisy street that could be any of earth 's busier cities . 
 buildings like ours , vehicles that look like cars , streetlamps and power cables . 
 the only difference is that instead of a sky , there 's another level overhead . 
 otherwise it 's unnervingly familiar . 
 the same ca n't be said for the people . 
 they have no human traits . 
 long tendrils instead of arms and legs . 
 their faces , which are in the middle of their bodies , have several gloopy eyes set in a semi-circle around a small , toothless mouth . 
 no ears or nose . 
 each is a mix of colors . 
 they 're slimy , dripping freely as they pass . 
 smaller creatures feast on the mucus , an army of insect-like slime-eaters who gobble it up , keeping the paths clean . 
 i stare for a long time at the aliens , then glance at raz and myself and frown . 
 `` we do n't look any different . 
 i thought you were going to disguise us . '' 
 `` i have n't altered our bodies , '' raz says . 
 `` i 'm affecting the visual sensors of those around us , so that to their eyes we appear as they do . 
 yes , '' he adds with a grin before i can say anything , `` that is pretty cool . '' 
 we wander down the street . 
 i peer in windows as we pass , and even enter a few of the buildings , trying to figure out what the stores are selling , what the creatures are doing , what the buildings are for . 
 raz whispers in my ear as we wind our way down the street , then turn into another , and another , exploring . 
 `` when the kah-gash split , the pieces of its soul shot off ahead of the blast , traveling faster than light or any of the other forces unleashed by the explosion . 
 they darted in and out of the new universes , passing from one to the other as they flew farther apart . 
 `` eventually they slowed and drifted . 
 sometimes they floated across realms like cosmic butterflies . 
 other times they disappeared from one part of a universe and popped up on the opposite side in the blink of an eye . 
 `` the patches of light you have seen since birth are physical remnants of the kah-gash . 
 there were barriers of energy and magic between the squares of the original universe . 
 when the kah-gash exploded , the barriers shattered , but their fragments were used to stitch the fabric of the new universes together . 
 it took us a long time to realize that , since we can not see them . '' 
 `` you ca n't see the lights ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` no , '' raz says . 
 `` they only reveal themselves to the eyes of the kah-gash . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` there are three parts of the kah-gash , '' raz says . 
 `` the trigger , memory , and eyes . 
 the trigger is the commanding force . 
 the memory stores all that happens . 
 the eyes see the hidden strings which bind the universes in place . 
 `` this only became clear to us over the long course of time . 
 in the beginning we did n't know how many pieces there were , what function they played , where they 'd gone . 
 we were not even sure that parts of the kah-gash still existed . 
 `` the demonata knew no more than we did , but threw themselves into the search . 
 their desperate plan was to find the parts of the kah-gash , reassemble them , and restore the original universe . 
 it 's a plan they have n't wavered from . 
 `` for a time we saw no threat . 
 we thought it was a fool 's quest . 
 but then the parts began to reappear . 
 they had the ability to turn up anywhere , in a comet , a rock , a tree , an animal , even one of the new demons . 
 the pieces never merged with any of the old creatures or original demons , but all other forms were fair game . 
 they caused no harm , existing in harmony with their hosts , but their reemergence filled us with panic . '' 
 raz shivers , then continues . 
 `` the demonata pursued the pieces with a mad passion . 
 when they finally found one , they experimented , seeking ways to harness its power . 
 they found they could influence its destination when it moved from one form to another , ensuring it stayed within their grasp . 
 `` the demons searched hard for the other pieces . 
 they could n't cross from their universe to ours , but they did n't need to . 
 the parts of the kah-gash passed freely between universes . 
 the demonata could wait , even though it might take billions of years . '' 
 we come to another elevator and ride it down to a random lower level . 
 i find a park , full of strangely shaped trees and bushes . 
 i dodge between them as raz speaks . 
 `` we could n't let them reunite the kah-gash , '' raz says . 
 `` we felt responsible for this universe 's new life-forms . 
 they were simple creatures , but they had a right to exist . 
 so we counter plotted . 
 although the demons could n't cross universes , we had the power to enter theirs . 
 we launched a raiding party . 
 after a brief battle , we freed the piece of the kah-gash and fled . 
 the demonata could n't follow . 
 all they could do was keep searching and waiting . 
 `` that 's how things continued over millions of years , '' raz says as if talking about the passing of a couple of weeks . 
 `` the demonata imprisoned pieces of the kah-gash . 
 we crossed , fought , and freed them . '' 
 `` are you stronger than the demons ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , '' raz says . 
 `` but we only needed to destroy the form in which a piece was stuck . 
 when that happened , it shot free . 
 if the demons had been able to focus , they could have directed it into another form of their choosing , but we distracted them . 
 `` we also searched for pieces in our universe , '' raz goes on . 
 `` we had no wish to reassemble the kah-gash , but we hoped to capture the pieces and hold them from the demonata forever . 
 we learned to influence the pieces , but only as the demonata did . 
 we can keep them in place awhile , but eventually they slip free . '' 
 `` is that the same when the demons capture them ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` then why worry ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` if they ca n't hold on to a piece forever , they ca n't collect them all , can they ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , yes , '' raz says . 
 `` sometimes all three pieces exist in a universe at the same time , as they do now . 
 when i say we ca n't hold on to a piece for long , i mean tens of thousands of years . 
 that 's more than enough time for the demonata to unite the parts . 
 all they need is a lucky break . 
 `` so we continued to fight , '' raz says wearily . 
 `` every time they captured a piece , we set it free . 
 it could have gone on like that until the end of time , except there were casualties . 
 some of us always died when we raided . 
 a few here , a few there . 
 when you add them up over millions , then billions of years ... '' he shudders . 
 `` we 're not afraid of death , '' raz says . 
 `` but we could n't continue that way indefinitely , because - '' '' - you ca n't have children , '' i interrupt , beating him to the punch . 
 `` correct . '' 
 he smiles sadly . 
 `` at some point we would become extinct . 
 then the demons would be free to track down the pieces of the kah-gash and restore the original universe , only this time it would be exclusively theirs . 
 `` we could n't accept such a fate , so we did something we were never meant to . 
 we played god and interfered with the creatures of the new universe . 
 we 've been paying for that mistake ever since . 
 and the universe has been paying for it too . '' 
 we return to the room with the garden and raz constructs a new window . 
 we travel for a long time through the sub-universe of lights , finally emerging on top of a stone slab . 
 the walls of this chamber are dotted with holes and windows , through which i can see thousands of tombs and monuments , encircling us like silent , frozen sentries . 
 raz slips through one of the larger holes and i follow , gazing solemnly at the ranks of graves . 
 even though the tombs differ in style and size to those on earth , there 's no doubt that this is a graveyard . 
 it has the feel of death . 
 `` this place is massive , '' i whisper , goosebumps rising . 
 `` it is a cemetery world , '' raz says . 
 `` you mean everybody 's dead ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` was it a war ? '' 
 `` there was never life on this planet , '' raz says . 
 `` but there are populated planets nearby , and advanced beings move freely between them . 
 for centuries they have been bringing their dead here , laying them to rest on a world of their own . '' 
 a world of the dead . 
 my goosebumps spread . 
 i 'm not easily spooked , but this is creeping me out big time . 
 `` by shaping the minds of this universe 's creatures , we hoped to cheat destiny , '' raz says softly , returning to the lecture . 
 `` we knew we would die before the universe ended . 
 we thought if we spread intelligence , the beings we created might carry on the fight . 
 `` there are now millions of races with the power of thought . 
 many are more advanced than your people . 
 but intelligence was never intended for this universe . 
 the earliest creatures showed no signs of evolving and developing souls . '' 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 i stop him . 
 `` every intelligent being has a soul , '' raz says . 
 `` animals do n't . 
 a soul forms when a creature thinks for the first time , when it reasons and makes plans . 
 it is a fascinating process . 
 in some species it happens in every member at the same moment . 
 in most , one of them makes a mental leap , then bears young and they pass it on , intelligence spreading like a disease . 
 `` we cultivated the disease . 
 it was much harder than we imagined , but once we made the breakthrough , we quickly mastered the arts of education , then split into small groups and set off for the far reaches of the universe , sowing intelligence everywhere we went . 
 `` we had no right to disturb the natural balance , '' raz sighs . 
 `` but you are a child of our meddling . 
 would you rather exist as a mindless beast , running wild , no understanding of the past or plans for the future ? '' 
 `` no , '' i answer after a short pause . 
 `` nor do most others . 
 they have the choice . 
 we ca n't force a species to evolve . 
 some fight it and return to their simpler ways . 
 but most rise to the challenges we set . 
 life is easier for animals , but so much richer for those with the ability to love and hate , fight and make peace , dream and hope . '' 
 raz falls silent as we walk among the tombs and headstones . 
 after a while i come to a small , unimpressive tomb . 
 i almost walk past , but raz coughs softly and points towards the upper-right corner . 
 a tiny chessboard has been carved into it . 
 as my eyes narrow , raz points to the left corner , where another board has been carved . 
 then he nods at a tomb four rows over . 
 a large , intricate board has been painted over the center of this one , the name of the deceased worked in among the black and white squares . 
 `` the boards are key to the process , '' raz says . 
 `` we created them out of material drawn from the crux . 
 modeling them after the kah-gash , we created mini-universes of sixty-four zones . 
 once a species evolves to a certain point , we isolate their souls and take them into a board , so that they can develop at an accelerated rate . 
 we also teach them about the origins of the universe , the kah-gash and the demonata , the need to reach for the stars , to fight for the future of the universe . '' 
 `` how come i do n't know all that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you have an undeveloped brain , '' raz says , then raises his hands as i bristle . 
 `` i mean humans in general . 
 you have not evolved to the point where you can make sense of all that we taught you . 
 every species is the same . 
 it takes time to work your way through the mysteries of life . '' 
 raz grimaces . 
 `` humans will never complete that journey . 
 the demonata will cut short their growth . 
 universal understanding is not to be yours . '' 
 i blink and look away , stomach tightening . 
 i spot something far overhead . 
 i think it 's a falling star , but as i focus i realize it 's a spaceship . 
 unlike the floating city , this looks more like the rockets i 've seen in movies and on the covers of science-fiction books . 
 `` a glorified hearse , '' raz says . 
 we watch in silence until the ship settles out of sight beyond the ranks of tombs . 
 `` can we go and see the burial ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , '' raz says . 
 `` i have something else to show you . '' 
 he leads me through a maze until we come to a black , round stone . 
 its edges are as smooth as a polished gem 's . 
 it 's set in a small pit , circled by a number of large tombs . 
 candles burn around the edges of the pit , but they 're not normal candles-the wick does n't burn down and the flames never flicker in the soft wind . 
 there 's a magical buzz coming from the stone . 
 my fingers curl inwards and my nostrils widen . 
 magic floods my pores . 
 `` it 's another lodestone , '' i note . 
 `` yes , '' raz says . 
 `` beranabus thought the stones were of our making but they are actually the remains of planets from the original universe . 
 most were reduced to dust , but fragments of some survived and drifted through space , sometimes burying themselves in the fabric of freshly forming worlds . 
 `` the stones were charged with the magic of the original universe . 
 we used them to travel swiftly from one planet to another . 
 they acted as universal markers , guiding us , allowing us to cross vast expanses of space swiftly . 
 unfortunately the lodestones could be used to serve the forces of evil as well . '' 
 raz laughs bitterly . 
 `` we never guessed that the species we assisted might prove as vicious as the demons we hoped they would fight . '' 
 `` mages used lodestones to open windows to the demonata universe , '' i groan . 
 `` we assumed this universe 's creatures would care primarily for their own , '' raz says . 
 `` but many craved power . 
 each world produced individuals with magical talent . 
 most used their power to do good , but some became tyrants . 
 they crushed their enemies and ruled with a monstrous authority . '' 
 `` you could have stopped them , '' i growl . 
 `` and replaced them ? '' 
 raz asks wryly . 
 `` established our favorites as rulers ? 
 no . 
 we were determined to guide , not rule . 
 we looked on with despair as the rotten few caused misery for millions . 
 but we never intervened . 
 every species must be free to make their mistakes , enjoy their triumphs , lament their catastrophes . 
 that is our fundamental belief . '' 
 raz sighs again . 
 `` the windows were bad enough , but then some used more powerful lodestones to create tunnels and entire civilizations fell . 
 we realized more would follow , that the demonata would cross in greater numbers and spread . 
 we thought about shutting the project down . '' 
 he chuckles humorlessly . 
 `` why did n't you ? '' 
 i frown . 
 raz shakes his head . 
 `` you do n't realize what that would have entailed . 
 we had visited millions of worlds . 
 there were billions of intelligent beings scattered through the universe . 
 we 'd have had to - '' '' - kill them all , '' i finish hoarsely . 
 raz nods . 
 `` that was not an option , so we dismissed it . 
 besides , the demons could not ruin every world or kill every living being . 
 it was physically impossible . 
 the demonata might destroy much , but not all . 
 life would continue , even when we were gone . 
 `` that changed sixteen hundred years ago . '' 
 raz 's features darken . 
 `` we had pressed on with the program . 
 all looked positive . 
 but then , on your world , an insignificant , unremarkable girl altered everything . 
 she turned the laws of life on their head , and introduced a new player to the game , one who could guarantee victory for the demonata . '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` you 're talking about bec , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' raz says angrily . 
 `` and the new player ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i mutter . 
 `` according to art , death always existed , even in the original universe . '' 
 `` as a force , '' raz says . 
 `` death was like time or gravity . 
 it was simply a thing that happened . 
 bec changed that . 
 first she stole a piece of the kah-gash from lord loss . 
 then - '' `` from lord loss ? '' 
 i interrupt , startled . 
 `` art said the pieces never turned up in demons who were alive before the big bang . '' 
 `` they do n't , '' raz says . 
 `` then lord loss is n't one of the major demons ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 the demon master is by far the most powerful foe i 've ever faced . 
 if there are others even stronger than he ... `` there are many greater than he is , '' raz says gloomily , `` but he has a unique power . 
 the piece of the kah-gash nestled within him for thousands of years . 
 that 's why he alone of the masters is able to cross freely between universes . 
 `` when bec unconsciously stole lord loss 's piece of the kah-gash , it was cause for wonder-that had never happened before . 
 but then she did something even more incredible . 
 when lord loss killed her , her soul remained . 
 `` death has always meant the end . 
 when a body dies , the soul moves on , maybe to another realm , maybe to be reincarnated , maybe to nothingness-we can only guess . 
 but no soul ever cheated death . '' 
 `` bec was just a ghost , '' i mutter . 
 `` ghosts are nothing new . '' 
 `` ghosts are shadows of the living , '' raz says . 
 `` they 're after-images of people , like the temporary glow a light leaves when it 's quenched . 
 bec was different . 
 she was fully conscious , memories intact , a complete spirit . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` she 's part of the kah-gash . 
 she used her power to stay , just as lord loss used it to cross universes . 
 what 's the big deal ? '' 
 `` death was an absolute , '' raz snaps . 
 `` the kah-gash had no control over it . 
 all beings had to answer death 's summons . 
 until bec . '' 
 the rocket we saw touch down rises with a roar that shakes the tombs around me . 
 i think the structures are going to shatter , but as the rocket parts the clouds and powers away from the planet , they settle down again . 
 `` we do n't know how bec cheated death , '' raz says softly . 
 `` we 're not sure if she chose to remain , or if the kah-gash kept her , aware of the side effects . '' 
 `` what side effects ? '' 
 raz is silent a moment . 
 then he moves away from the lodestone , through the tombs , back to the chamber . 
 as i follow , he speaks . 
 `` death was a force , but when bec defied it , that force developed a mind . 
 it became aware of itself , the universes , its role . 
 and unfortunately it reacted with anger . '' 
 `` this is madness , '' i grumble . 
 `` death 's not a person . 
 it ca n't react . '' 
 `` it can now , '' raz disagrees . 
 `` it constructed a body . 
 prior to bec , beings died and souls passed on . 
 but the new death has the power to harness souls . 
 it can deny them passage to whatever lies beyond . 
 it built a huge , shadowy body out of - '' `` the shadow ! '' 
 i cry , coming to a standstill , eyes widening with horror . 
 i 'm trembling . 
 it all makes horrible sense now . 
 beranabus was right-the shadow is the greatest threat we 've ever faced . 
 only it 's far worse than he imagined . 
 you ca n't cheat death and you ca n't hide from it . 
 `` precisely , '' raz sighs . 
 `` since death claims all things , death knows where all things are . 
 the body of death can only thrive in an area of magic , so it resides in the demon universe . 
 but its reach extends to all worlds . 
 it can guide the demonata to wherever there is life . '' 
 `` but why is it working for them ? '' 
 i moan . 
 raz makes a humming noise . 
 `` this is speculation , but we believe the demonata and death share a common goal-the restoration of the kah-gash . 
 if they achieve it , the lifeforms of this universe will cease to exist . 
 the demonata will return to their immortal ways . 
 the old creatures will drift along sadly . 
 and death 's task will be vastly lessened . '' 
 `` what task ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` the harvesting of souls . 
 death 's job is far harder now than it was before the big bang-so many souls to process . 
 it seems to think the job is too hard , and is working to-as you humans would aptly put it-lighten its workload . '' 
 `` we have to stop it , '' i gasp . 
 `` we have to find the shadow and destroy it . 
 if death has a body , it can be attacked . 
 if we kill it , maybe its mind will unravel . '' 
 `` we do not think it is possible to kill death , '' raz murmurs . 
 `` it will simply put another body together . 
 there will never be a shortage of souls . '' 
 `` the kah-gash , '' i snap . 
 `` we can use that . '' 
 raz makes a face . 
 `` the kah-gash never had power over death . 
 also , as i said , it might have worked through bec to grant death consciousness in the first place . 
 the kah-gash has changed . 
 in the past , the pieces cut random paths through the universes . 
 but since bec defied death , the other parts have worked their way to your planet . 
 they both cropped up there shortly after she died . 
 we could do nothing about bec 's piece-she was beyond our grasp-but we directed the other pair into forms of our choosing and sent them far away . 
 `` they escaped and returned to earth , in grubitsch grady and you . '' 
 `` you think the kah-gash wants to reunite ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` it looks that way . 
 perhaps the kah-gash wishes to fight death , to preserve the universes . 
 or maybe it too yearns for a return to simpler ways , and is using death to achieve its goal . 
 we do n't know . 
 we can only fear . '' 
 `` i guess there 's only one way to find out , '' i grunt . 
 `` we have to go back . 
 i 'll join with bec and grubbs , try to control the kah-gash , and hope for the best . 
 there 's no other way , is there ? '' 
 when we cross to the next world , i find myself on a large , circular , metallic platform . 
 it 's covered by a domed glass roof . 
 there are banks of sophisticated-looking computers running along the sides . 
 `` not so sophisticated really , '' raz murmurs . 
 `` this was designed as a viewing station by one of the lesser species . 
 we could have arranged a more advanced craft , but they like to do things themselves . 
 look down . '' 
 i nudge to the edge , not sure what to expect . 
 as i approach , panels of glass slide back and a telescope revolves into place before me . 
 a world like earth lies a few miles below . 
 there are massive buildings , wide roads , parks , and ponds . 
 some of the buildings have glass roofs or are open-topped . 
 i can see all sorts of creatures moving around inside them , a bewildering variety of animals , birds , lizards , and more , many defying description . 
 `` it looks like a zoo , '' i remark . 
 `` it is , '' raz says . 
 `` but all of them have souls and are here of their own choice . 
 they know of the demonata and the threat this universe faces , and have pledged themselves to our cause . '' 
 the air hums with magic . 
 as i cast my gaze around , i spot lodestones dotted everywhere , of all shapes and sizes . 
 `` it 's an ark , '' raz says . 
 `` you know the biblical story of the ark , how noah took in a pair of every species and spared them from the flood . '' 
 `` was that real ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' he waves the question away . 
 `` our ark is real , and we have to deal with far worse than a flood . 
 this is why you 're here , why we 've shown you all that you 've seen and revealed so much . '' 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 you want me to live here ? '' 
 raz laughs . 
 `` we 'd have brought you here directly if that was the case , telling you only as much as you needed to know , as we did with the others . 
 there are already humans on this ark . 
 your people are not among the more advanced , but we brought some here anyway , for you . '' 
 `` i 'm still lost , '' i mutter . 
 `` we want you to be the new noah , '' raz says . 
 `` we want you to protect these creatures and guide them , evading the demonata and death , always remaining one step ahead of those who would destroy them . 
 we want you to save the universe . '' 
 it sounds ridiculous . 
 i 'm tempted to laugh . 
 except i know raz is n't joking . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` we 've planted scores of lodestones across this planet , '' raz says . 
 `` enough to last an eternity . 
 this is a world of never-ending magical energy . 
 we designed it to be a haven , a warship , a nursery . 
 food will always be abundant . 
 species will never struggle with infertility . 
 magicians will be born to every generation . '' 
 `` you 're going to make a last stand here ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` this is a fortress ? '' 
 `` no fortress could stand against our enemies , '' raz says . 
 `` if this world was a thousand times more powerful than it is , it still would n't hold long against a mass demon attack . 
 the demonata do n't know about the ark yet , but they 'll discover it eventually and come . 
 when they arrive , it must not be here . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i gape . 
 `` we will ensure they never open a tunnel to this world , by guarding each stone zealously . 
 with no direct route of attack , death will lead them to nearby planets and they 'll launch armies from there . 
 when that happens ... when the net is closing and the end looks certain ... it will be your time . '' 
 `` what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 i scowl . 
 `` hold up a stop sign ? '' 
 `` you will open a window and slip away to another part of the universe , '' raz says . 
 `` and you 'll take the planet with you . '' 
 he says it so simply that at first i nod as if it 's no big thing . 
 then it hits me and i turn from the edge of the platform and stare incredulously . 
 `` take the planet with me ? '' 
 i repeat stupidly . 
 `` when you 've opened windows before , others have been able to slip through . 
 this will be similar , only you 'll have to open a bigger window . '' 
 `` you 're insane ! '' 
 i yelp . 
 `` i 've never opened a window more then seven or eight feet tall . '' 
 `` that 's because you never needed a larger window , '' raz says calmly . 
 `` you can do far more than you 've demanded of yourself . 
 with our guidance you 'll learn to open a larger window and curve it , so it surrounds the world . 
 that way , rather than propel the world through the window , it can close around the planet . '' 
 i stare at raz wordlessly . 
 i do n't know what to think . 
 `` think of victory , '' raz growls . 
 `` think of life . 
 think of the demons you 'll defy , the doom you 'll spare everyone here . '' 
 `` it 's impossible ... '' `` no , '' raz insists . 
 `` it can work . 
 that 's no guarantee that it will-there might be obstacles ahead that we ca n't predict-but we believe in the plan . '' 
 my mind 's whirling . 
 `` but when i die , my piece of the kah-gash will link up with the others . 
 you 've already said you ca n't control it . '' 
 raz clears his throat . 
 `` that brings us to the part you 're not going to like . 
 as you say , we wo n't be able to harness your piece of the kah-gash when you die , so we need to find a way around that . 
 kernel , what would you think if we asked you to make the ultimate sacrifice for the sake of the universe ? '' 
 `` you want me to kill myself ? '' 
 i ask with surprising calmness . 
 we spend the night wandering the ark , sharing food and drink with some of the many creatures aboard . 
 they do n't know who i am or the special task raz has asked of me . 
 they think i 'm just another face in the crowd . 
 i 'm surprised , as i talk with the sometimes multilimbed , multiheaded , multicolored aliens , by how alike we are . 
 not in looks , clothes , or customs . 
 but they have the same concepts of good and evil . 
 family is important to them . 
 most are religious . 
 they have dreams and hopes for the future . 
 `` are all civilizations like this ? '' 
 i ask raz as we stroll beneath trees full of bat-like beings . 
 a few are playing a game on a chessboard . 
 `` no , '' raz says . 
 `` we chose from the more compassionate species . 
 they have a fighting spirit-we need warriors-but they can control their tempers . 
 this world has to last an eternity . 
 we can not tolerate internal conflict . '' 
 `` it might happen anyway , '' i note , watching a couple of bats chase each other through the branches , squealing happily . 
 `` people change , so i guess this group does too . 
 you ca n't know what they 'll be like in a million years . 
 groups might splinter . 
 war could erupt . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 raz sighs . 
 `` we 'll use magic to preserve the balance as best we can . 
 evolution will be curbed , so there 'll be no physical changes , but we ca n't take all possibilities into consideration . 
 we 'll plan as far ahead as possible . 
 after that ... as you would say , it 's in the hands of the gods . '' 
 i still have n't reached a decision . 
 i 'm weighing up all that the universe stands to gain against all that i will personally lose . 
 they want me to become a living tunnel between universes . 
 sometimes a mage becomes part of a tunnel , and lives as long as the tunnel remains open . 
 they do n't age or die . 
 if i agree to this , i 'll live until the end of time . 
 death wo n't be able to claim me . 
 i can keep moving the ark around , protecting this small pocket of survivors while all others are tracked down by the demonata and slaughtered . 
 it 's not foolproof . 
 my piece of the kah-gash might desert me when it realizes what i 'm doing , or death might find a way to trap the ark . 
 but the old creatures think it will work . 
 if i play along . 
 in their position , i 'd force the guy with the power to accept . 
 i would n't give him any say in the matter . 
 i 'd open a tunnel , make him part of it , and leave him with no option but to do what was necessary . 
 but the old creatures believe i have the right to choose . 
 it 's the creed they live by . 
 they 'll guide their foster children in the right direction , but they wo n't force us . 
 ever . 
 even if the fate of the universe is at stake . 
 it 's not a nice future-i do n't want to spend the rest of eternity as a cog in a machine-but if i refuse to cooperate and everything falls to the demon hordes , there wo n't be any kind of a future at all . 
 the demonata will either get their hands on all three pieces of the kah-gash and destroy everything immediately . 
 or they 'll work their way through the universe , world by world , and gradually grind us into dust . 
 either way , universal catastrophe . 
 but if i stay , i 'll be surrendering all but a slim fraction of this universe to the demons . 
 i might keep the millions on this world alive , but trillions of others will perish horribly . 
 if i go back and link up with bec and grubbs ... if we reassemble the kah-gash and test it against death ... then the universe has a chance . 
 it might even be possible to save earth . 
 is it better to make a stand , fail , and lose all , or sacrifice unimaginable numbers of lives in order to keep a select handful alive ? 
 i do n't know ! 
 this task should have fallen to someone equipped to meet it , like beranabus . 
 he 'd have said yes to the old creatures in an instant , without batting an eyelash . 
 `` perhaps that 's why he was n't chosen , '' raz murmurs . 
 `` we do n't know why the kah-gash selects those it inhabits . 
 it might be random , or it might be the work of a higher force . 
 maybe the universe chose someone who would weigh both sides equally , who was n't so certain of his path that he 'd ignore all others . '' 
 `` but what if i make the wrong choice ? '' 
 i groan . 
 `` you can only do what you believe is right , '' raz says . 
 `` consider the angles . 
 heed your instinct . 
 decide . 
 if you are wrong , at least you will have been true to yourself . 
 life asks questions of us all . 
 we do n't always know the answers . 
 most times we have to guess . '' 
 `` but you think i should stay , '' i press , trying to force raz to decide for me . 
 `` yes , '' raz says . 
 `` but we also believed we were acting in the universe 's best interests when we encouraged evolution . 
 we are not always right . '' 
 i nod glumly . 
 we 've passed from beneath the trees and i can see the sky again . 
 there are several moons , smaller than earth 's , different colors . 
 they look like huge marbles . 
 thinking of marbles , i remember when art was stolen by a monster from another world . 
 i darted through a window of light to try and rescue him . 
 i did n't know what lay on the other side . 
 the safe option would have been to wait and consider my actions . 
 but then the window would have closed , art would have been lost . 
 i 'd have regretted my indecision for the rest of my life . 
 raz squints at me . 
 `` you are going back , '' he notes with surprise . 
 `` maybe death ca n't be defeated , '' i sigh . 
 `` maybe the demonata have won and this ark is all we can hope to protect . 
 but i have to try to stop them . 
 if i run now , i 'll always wonder if there was n't something i could have done to save everyone . 
 `` if i fight death and fail , i 'll return to do what you wish , assuming i survive . 
 but if i quit now , it 'll gnaw away me ... at my soul ... forever . '' 
 i lower my gaze and wipe tears from my eyes . 
 i do n't know when i started crying , but my cheeks are soaked . 
 `` open a window , '' i croak . 
 `` i 'm going home . '' 
 the journey back passes unremarkably . 
 a series of lights , windows , and worlds . 
 we follow a different route most of the way , but the chambers we pass through are much the same . 
 i do n't explore any of the worlds . 
 i 'm fully focused on the battle to come , the huge risk i 'm taking , what will happen if i fail . 
 i wish i could be positive about my decision but i 'm full of doubts . 
 i think about changing my mind at least ten times an hour . 
 eventually we start passing through worlds i remember from the trip out . 
 i get excited as we draw closer to earth . 
 i might be going to my death , but if that 's to be my destiny , at least i 'll die on home soil . 
 finally , as my stomach 's starting to rumble again , we hit atlantis and come to a stop . 
 raz looks around to make sure there are no giant slugs , then glances at me . 
 `` i 'll wait here for you . '' 
 i 'm surprised . 
 `` you 're not coming with me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i will escort you back but i wo n't cross with you . 
 you must face death by yourself , as everyone must when their time comes . 
 if you wish to return , you can find me here . '' 
 `` but i ca n't operate the smaller lights , '' i remind him . 
 `` you wo n't need to , '' raz says . 
 `` you will be able to use the normal lights to search for me . 
 it will take a long time to piece them together-at least several hours-but just think of me and you will find the way . '' 
 `` how will i breathe while crossing ? '' 
 i ask . 
 raz goes to one of the lodestones and cuts off a sliver of rock with a fingernail , as easily as slicing through paper . 
 `` put this in your pocket , '' he says , handing it to me . 
 `` draw on its power if you come back . 
 it will sustain you . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i ask , eyeing the tiny chip of rock suspiciously . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` how long will you wait ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` as long as it takes , '' he says . 
 `` i will know when you are ... finished . '' 
 `` you mean when i 'm dead , '' i smile . 
 `` if the hand plays out that way , yes . 
 but i hope it does n't . '' 
 raz sets to work on the window , and it materializes minutes later . 
 i start to tremble and my stomach clenches . 
 i was never the bravest . 
 i hate fighting . 
 but when i have to , i do . 
 wincing , i step forward . 
 `` one last thing , '' raz stops me , then hesitates . 
 `` this is a delicate matter . 
 i do n't wish to cast doubts without proof , but it 's important that you know about the possibility of the threat . '' 
 `` what threat ? '' 
 i grunt . 
 `` the girl , '' raz says softly . 
 `` her piece of the kah-gash was originally part of lord loss . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 i ask warily . 
 `` it was in the demon master for a long time . 
 pieces normally merge with beings who live no more than a few hundred years . 
 they 're influenced by those they share a life with . 
 having been part of lord loss for so long , her piece might have been more affected by the demon than by other hosts . '' 
 `` are you saying ... ? '' 
 i stop , the thought unfinished , not wanting to continue . 
 `` the kah-gash could be manipulating the girl , '' raz says . 
 `` perhaps it spared her soul in order to give death its freedom . 
 maybe it wants to restore the original universe . 
 bec is of good heart , but the best of people can be tricked and misused . 
 raz leads me through the sub-universe of lights for the last time , then bids me a quick farewell and propels me forward . 
 before i can yell goodbye , i 'm thrust through a window and straight into the middle of a nightmarish war . 
 no time to gather my senses . 
 i have to adapt immediately or die . 
 i 'm in the middle of a city . 
 blood and corpses everywhere . 
 the air 's thick with the scent of demons , and also with the buzz of magic , which i swiftly tap into . 
 i try to erect a shield around myself but something clatters into me before i can complete it . 
 a beast rolls with me to the ground and comes up spitting . 
 it 's a wolfish creature , long fangs , claws the size of butcher 's knives , hot yellow eyes . 
 it turns , faces me , snarls-then leaps . 
 i raise my hands to repel the monster , but instead of attacking me , it jumps over my head and tears into something behind , howling with bloodthirsty delight . 
 whirling , i spot the wolfish beast battling a demon . 
 the wolf rips at the demon 's ribcage , fangs snapping in search of guts . 
 wary and confused , i cast my gaze around . 
 there are more wolfen animals on the street and they 're all fighting demons . 
 soldiers are at work too , tackling the demonic invaders , showering them with bullets . 
 they ca n't kill the demonata but they can injure , disrupt , and stall them . 
 there 's a burst of magic to my right . 
 i spot a small girl rounding on a demon , frying it with magic until its head explodes and its brains splatter the wall behind it . 
 i 'm so pleased to see a familiar face , i forget all about raz 's warning and call enthusiastically , `` bec ! '' 
 she looks up . 
 her eyes widen with shock , then her lips spread into a smile . 
 she yells something , but as she does , one of the wolf-like beasts wraps its arms around me and howls into my ear , obscuring all other sounds . 
 i lash at the creature , trying to wriggle free , gathering my energy to fight back . 
 before i can , the beast laughs and says , `` surely you recognize me . '' 
 i place the voice instantly but ca n't believe it . 
 i stare at the creature . 
 he 's two or three feet taller than when i last saw him , and his face is warped-dark skin , lots of blood vessels , tufts of wiry ginger hair , a yellow tinge to his eyes , mouth bigger , teeth sharper . 
 his body is lacerated with cuts and bruises . 
 but it 's definitely - `` grubbs ! '' 
 i roar . 
 `` what the hell 's happened ? 
 you look like a werewolf . '' 
 `` i am , '' he chuckles . 
 `` that 's my pack . '' 
 he waves a hairy hand at the wolves . 
 his fingers are twisted and bulging , the nails more like claws . 
 he could probably pop my head one-handed . 
 `` but ... how ... what ... ? '' 
 `` i 'll deal with this group first and explain later , '' he growls , tugging at the waist of his pants . 
 they only just fit him . 
 he 's naked otherwise , chest exposed , rippling with muscles . 
 he 's stained with blood-different colors , so i know it 's demon blood , not his own . 
 some of the stains are fresh , dripping from his skin and soaking into his hair . 
 but others are caked in . 
 he 's been in the wars since we parted , and he looks like he 's been loving every moment . 
 as grubbs pounds away to attack a group of vicious demons , i put my questions on hold and focus on how best i can help . 
 it 's a dirty , messy battle . 
 normally demons cross singly or in small groups . 
 but there are dozens running riot here . 
 this is no ordinary crossing . 
 it 's the work of a powerful , organized , intelligent foe . 
 as the battle rages around me , i complete my shield , then focus on the patches of light in the air . 
 a quick check reveals two windows set a few hundred feet from each other . 
 demons are pouring through both . 
 that suits me perfectly . 
 i might not be a great fighter , but i can turn the tide of this battle single-handed . 
 picking a path through the warring forces , i hurry to the nearest window . 
 it 's a large pink panel . 
 ignoring the demons spilling out of it , protected by my shield , i thrust my hands into the center of the panel and pull at the patches . 
 within seconds the window pulses , tears apart , then snaps out of existence . 
 the demons closest to me come alert to the threat i pose . 
 if i can shut down the second window they 'll be stranded , and demons ca n't survive long on this world . 
 screeching for support , they hurl themselves at me . 
 for a split second i think i 'm doomed . 
 but then the road explodes at my feet , scattering the converging demons . 
 as they scream , blinded and injured by the flying debris , sheets of fire drop on them from the air , setting them ablaze , sending them thrashing away madly . 
 i look for my savior and find two angels , bec and meera flame , standing side by side , hands raised , energy flowing through them , wreaking havoc . 
 meera 's always been a stunner , but she looks more beautiful than ever now , and bec is no strain on the eyes either . 
 having said that , i 'd probably think anyone who saved my life was gorgeous-even grubbs ! 
 `` come with me , '' i yell at them and press towards the second window . 
 meera and bec back me up , blasting the demons ahead of me , calling for support from the soldiers and werewolves . 
 the smarter demons realize they 're fighting a lost cause . 
 cursing foully , they dash through the window to the safety of their own universe , driving back those who were trying to cross . 
 more break for the window but get tangled up with each other or waylaid by our forces . 
 panic sets in . 
 the street echoes with the hysterical wails of monsters who know they do n't have long to live . 
 a minute later i 'm ripping apart the window , and once it dissolves the demons are finished . 
 as magic drains from the air , some of the weaker specimens collapse and rot . 
 the others battle on hatefully , wanting to kill more humans before they die . 
 but it 's hopeless . 
 the bullets from the soldiers ' guns rip them to shreds , and without the aid of magic they have no way of putting their forms back together . 
 they 're torn to pieces . 
 soon only humans and werewolves are standing . 
 we laugh and cheer , punch the air with fists , then hurry to embrace one another . 
 we might be standing ankle-deep in rancid guts , blood , and other vile juices , surrounded by corpses , but we 're standing victorious-and that feels good ! 
 grubbs wants to press on as soon as the danger 's been averted . 
 the demonata and their twisted , human mages have been working flat-out , crossing in waves . 
 this is the fifth city grubbs and bec have defended in less than three days . 
 and they 've already received word of a planned sixth crossing . 
 grubbs is eager to get there as swiftly as possible , to stop the mage if he can , or prepare for the demons if not . 
 `` do you know when the window will open ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` within the next thirty-six hours . '' 
 `` no sooner than a day ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then what 's the rush ? '' 
 `` it 's on the other side of the globe , '' he growls . 
 `` by the time we get to the airport , load everyone up , make the flight , roll off at the other end ... '' `` you do n't have to do that anymore , '' i tut . 
 `` i 'll open a window and we can be there in a matter of minutes . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i forgot . '' 
 he squints . 
 `` but the mage ... '' `` as soon as we get there , i 'll locate the forming window and we 'll put a stop to it . 
 let 's rest awhile . 
 you all look beat . 
 we can afford to take a day off now that i 'm back on the scene . '' 
 `` showoff , '' grubbs grunts , but he ca n't hide a grin . 
 teams move in to clean up . 
 i was expecting hysteria , crowds of terrified onlookers , confusion and chaos . 
 but it all runs smoothly . 
 grubbs explains that the world has woken up to the existence of demons . 
 they 've attacked five densely populated cities in swift succession . 
 even though they 've been driven off each time , thousands have been killed , cities torn apart , in full view of camera crews . 
 the disciples kept the war with the demonata quiet for a long time , with highly placed allies in most of the major news agencies and governments . 
 but it 's no longer possible to cover up . 
 the world knows about demons now , and while panic has swept the globe , most people are behaving sensibly and heeding the advice of the disciples . 
 they 're evacuating targeted cities quickly and calmly , or staying indoors if they ca n't get out in time . 
 volunteers have flocked to recruiting centers . 
 disciples test for mages each time a window opens . 
 those with no magical ability are working with soldiers , doctors and nurses , street cleaners , electricians , plumbers ... rallying to the call , doing all they can to restore order and sweep up after an attack so that life can continue as normal . 
 while grubbs gathers his pack of werewolves-there were thirty-seven to start with , but only sixteen remain-and takes them off to their holding pens , i retire to a deserted hotel with bec , meera , and a guy in a tattered stage-magician 's outfit . 
 it 's ripped all over , revealing more than it conceals , and is caked with dirt and blood . 
 but he wears it with pride , knotting the strips of cloth around himself . 
 his fingers -lrb- two on his left hand are missing -rrb- tremble as he ties the knots . 
 he looks like a man who 's only just holding himself together . 
 a frightened manager-but one who stayed when all else fled-shows us up to the hotel 's finest suite . 
 he treats us like celebrities , takes our orders , promises to do his best to process them promptly , and leaves us to collapse into chairs -lrb- meera claims the bed -rrb- and stare at each other in weary silence . 
 `` this is kirilli kovacs , '' bec finally says , introducing me to the guy in the magician 's costume . 
 `` he 's a disciple . '' 
 kirilli waves weakly . 
 blood is seeping through the bandage around the two missing fingers on his left hand , and also through the many bandages wrapped around his body . 
 bec sighs , rises , and limps across the room . 
 she sets to work on healing the worst of kirilli 's wounds , drawing on the traces of magic that remain in the air . 
 he studies her blankly while she works , like a child being cleaned by its mother . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 meera asks , then snaps her fingers at me before i can reply . 
 `` no . 
 let 's eat , grab some sleep , and wait for grubbs . 
 we 've got loads to tell you and i guess you 've got lots to tell us too . '' 
 `` more than you could ever imagine , '' i mutter . 
 `` can it wait for a few hours ? '' 
 she asks and i shrug . 
 `` great . '' 
 then , forgetting about the food , she drops back , shuts her eyes , and is snoring softly a minute later . 
 grubbs joins us as the food 's being wheeled in . 
 he tucks into meera 's meal-nobody wants to wake her-and asks the manager to deliver more food in nine hours . 
 then we retreat to different corners of the suite and make ourselves comfortable . 
 i use magic to help me sleep . 
 we rise nine hours later and feast on the waiting meal . 
 meera 's especially ravenous . 
 i thought grubbs was a big eater , but she beats him hollow and is still chewing at strips of chicken long after the rest of us have set our plates aside . 
 we swap tales while we eat , and the stories continue long after we 've finished munching . 
 grubbs and meera tell me all that happened once he left us at the hospital . 
 with shark and a squad of soldiers , they went in pursuit of prae athim , the head of the lambs , and tracked her to the appropriately named wolf island . 
 a load of grubbs 's cousins had been genetically modified and bred , producing hundreds of savage , wolfen offspring . 
 they were waiting for the trio on the island . 
 juni swan was also waiting . 
 she drove them back and left them at the mercy of the werewolves . 
 the plan was to get her hands on grubbs 's piece of the kah-gash and deliver it to her new master . 
 the simplest way was to let the werewolves butcher him , then direct the piece into a form of her choosing when it soared free . 
 they 'd have all perished , but grubbs unleashed the werewolf within himself and took command of his hairy relatives . 
 he turned the tables on their foes , and although juni escaped , they killed her conspirators . 
 grubbs is sullen when he describes his fight with juni . 
 he does n't look anyone in the eye . 
 he 's clearly hiding something from us but i 've no idea what . 
 twelve of them hit the island . 
 prae athim made it thirteen . 
 but only grubbs , meera , shark , and someone called timas brauss made it off , leaving prae behind to look after the werewolves , except for the thirty-seven grubbs brought with him-his own personal army . 
 `` that 's pretty much it , '' he grunts . 
 `` shark 's out of action for a while . 
 timas is busy elsewhere , looking in on shark whenever he can . 
 meera and i linked up with dervish , bec , and kirilli , and we 've been fighting demons ever since . '' 
 `` where is dervish ? '' 
 i ask , anticipating the worst . 
 `` is he ... '' '' ... dead ? '' 
 grubbs snorts . 
 `` hardly . 
 i wanted to send him back to the demon universe-he 'd live longer there-but he wants to stay and fight till he drops . 
 he stood by us in the first two battles but he was wrecked afterwards . 
 now he 's acting as a talent-spotting scout . 
 he 's on the edge of this city with thousands of people . 
 when the window opened , he tested them for magical ability . 
 he 's come up with some decent mages at the last two stops . 
 i hope he finds more this time . 
 we could use them-i 'm running out of werewolves . '' 
 nobody seems bothered by grubbs 's appearance . 
 he looks like something out of a horror movie , twisted and misshapen , picking bits of flesh from between his teeth and under his fingernails . 
 but they 're all treating him as if nothing 's changed . 
 i guess , in times as deadly as these , you ca n't worry too much about the looks of those who stand beside you . 
 but i do n't like it . 
 he 's not just physically different . 
 something 's changed inside him too . 
 he 's rougher than before , more accepting of violence and death . 
 he reminds me of beranabus , the way he callously wrote off human casualties , like he was n't truly one of us . 
 raz told me to watch out for bec , but i think grubbs is the one i need to worry about . 
 i ask how beranabus died . 
 bec answers , telling her story swiftly . 
 they found kirilli on the ship after they left me , then descended to the hold , where juni was waiting . 
 she used a lodestone to open a strange window , through which the shadow crossed . 
 as bec fought it , she absorbed some of its memories and realized it was death . 
 she informed beranabus and he sent them packing , staying behind to fight their shadowy foe and buy them time . 
 `` he transformed , '' she whispers . 
 `` he let his demonic half take over . 
 i think he meant to die , whether he won or lost . 
 he was n't sure he could change back once he set the demon free . '' 
 `` nobody can ever change back , '' grubbs rumbles , scratching a cut on his chest , then licking flaky blood from his fingers . 
 beranabus destroyed the lodestone , sending death back to the universe of the demonata . 
 but the shadowy creature struck before it was whipped away , and the ancient magician died in the hold , left to be swallowed by the sea . 
 bec , dervish , kirilli , and sharmila made it back to the deck , fighting their way through an army of zombies . 
 but they were trapped there , imprisoned by a barrier of magical energy as the ship sank . 
 `` sharmila sacrificed herself to save the rest of us , '' bec says miserably . 
 `` she lay against the barrier and we exploded her , punching a hole through to safety . '' 
 she stops , tears welling in her eyes . 
 `` it should have been me , '' kirilli says . 
 he has n't said much so far . 
 now when he speaks he keeps his head low , embarrassed . 
 `` i was the weakest . 
 i ran when the others fought . 
 i 've served the disciples well in a non-combative capacity , but i 'm no hero . 
 she should be here now , not me . '' 
 `` you got that right , '' someone laughs , and when i look around i find dervish standing behind me , smiling weakly . 
 he looks even older than he did on the ship , frail , trembling , about two steps away from death . 
 the six silver , purple-tipped spikes he grew on his head in the oasis are as impressive as ever , but apart from that he looks like a man on his last legs . 
 `` good to see you , old timer , '' i grin . 
 `` you too , '' he says . 
 `` we thought you were zombie pat . '' 
 he winks at kirilli , who 's glowering . 
 `` modesty does n't become you , kovacs . 
 i prefer you when you 're blowing hot air and claiming credit for every kill in a five-mile radius . '' 
 `` i claim nothing from any man , '' kirilli snarls . 
 dervish chuckles , then says , `` what have i missed ? '' 
 `` we 've been bringing kernel up to date , '' grubbs yawns , as if the stories of their adventures bore him . 
 `` now he 's about to return the favor . '' 
 i speak clearly and concisely . 
 i do n't think i miss anything important , though i have to backtrack a few times when i recall bits that i overlooked . 
 the others listen in silence , their faces lengthening as i reveal the direness of our situation , the belief of the old creatures that the universe is doomed . 
 there 's silence when i finish . 
 everyone 's brooding . 
 even grubbs looks troubled-his face has altered and become more human . 
 `` i would n't have returned , '' dervish finally says . 
 `` i 've faced a lot in my time , stepped up to all sorts of challenges . 
 but in your position , i 'd have stayed on the ark . 
 i would n't have had the guts to come back with so much at risk . 
 i 'd have gone with the safe option . '' 
 `` coward , '' kirilli laughs . 
 `` i do n't like being the practical one , '' meera mutters , `` but what if he imagined it all ? 
 traveling to the center of the universe ... life starting with a chessboard ... aliens nudging us up the evolutionary ladder ... an ark world . 
 that 's pretty far-fetched , even by our standards . 
 what if he 's crazy ? 
 no offense , kernel . '' 
 `` none taken . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` i wish it was my imagination . 
 but i 'm sure it was n't . '' 
 `` the kah-gash told me i was the trigger , '' grubbs says slowly , and he has that shifty look in his eyes again . 
 `` in the hospital , when the three of us were together , it said i had the power to unite and direct it . 
 so that part of the story 's true . '' 
 `` it 's all true , '' bec snaps . 
 `` let 's not waste time pretending otherwise . 
 our world is doomed . 
 the universe is damned . 
 unless we defeat death . '' 
 `` no one ever cheats death , '' dervish says . 
 `` i did , '' bec reminds him . 
 i say nothing of raz 's suspicions about bec . 
 we need to work together , not abandon ourselves to paranoia . 
 `` we need a plan , '' meera says . 
 `` mr. trigger man-any ideas ? '' 
 grubbs shrugs . 
 `` track death down and rip it to pieces . 
 easy . '' 
 `` you almost sound like you believe that , '' dervish snorts . 
 `` i do , '' grubbs insists . 
 `` death made a mistake when it took a body . 
 that puts it on par with us . 
 from what you told me , beranabus gave as good as he got when he went up against the shadow . 
 he sent it screaming back to the foul realm of the demonata . 
 we 're stronger than beranabus . 
 we can inflict more damage . 
 i say we reassemble the kah-gash , hit death hard , and end this . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' bec murmurs . 
 `` the kah-gash frightens me more than death or the demonata . 
 they can only kill us , but the kah-gash can wipe out the universe , so we never even existed in the first place . 
 i do n't think we should unleash its power unless we absolutely have to . '' 
 `` do you have any idea if we can control it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you 're the kah-gash 's memory . 
 is there anything you can tell us about how it functioned in the past ? '' 
 bec shakes her head . 
 `` i 've always had a perfect memory , and now i can absorb the memories of others . 
 this explains why . 
 but i can only recall the memories of my own life or the lives of those i touch . 
 perhaps , if we joined , the kah-gash would reveal more to me , but the dangers ... '' `` what dangers ? '' 
 grubbs snorts . 
 `` we 're wrong to be afraid . 
 this is our weapon . 
 we own the pieces-hell , we are the pieces . 
 we 're the kah-gash 's masters . '' 
 `` no , '' i correct him . 
 `` we 're its hosts . 
 the pieces have been in thousands of other creatures before . 
 we have no more claim over it than any of them did . '' 
 `` let 's just do it , '' grubbs groans . 
 `` it wants to be used . 
 i feel my piece straining to link with yours . '' 
 `` i feel that too , '' bec says , `` and it scares me . 
 why is it so eager to be restored , now , after all this time , with death on the loose and hordes of demons bearing down on our world ? 
 it could be plotting against us . '' 
 `` it did what we wanted when we linked before , '' grubbs protests . 
 `` it took us back in time so that we could stop the tunnel being opened . '' 
 `` what if that was a mistake ? '' 
 bec argues . 
 `` what if we join again and it takes us further back , to when this universe was born ? 
 what if it stops that ? '' 
 grubbs scowls and looks away impatiently . 
 `` i share bec 's concerns , '' i tell them . 
 `` even the old creatures do n't know what the kah-gash is really like , and they 've been studying it for billions of years . 
 we ca n't know its true intentions . '' 
 `` can we afford to wait ? '' 
 dervish asks . 
 `` if we 're as close to the end as the old creatures predict ... i think we should test it . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` if it goes wrong , we 'll be condemning all those creatures on the ark . '' 
 `` this will sound callous , '' meera says , `` but i do n't care . 
 if our world ends , for me everything ends . 
 i 'm not concerned about other planets , old creatures , or aliens . 
 you feel that way too , kernel . 
 you would n't have come back if you did n't . '' 
 `` but there are so many worlds ... so many species ... '' `` tough , '' meera snorts . 
 `` they 're not our problem . 
 you came back to help save earth , not the universe . 
 am i right or am i right ? '' 
 i smile weakly . 
 `` i ca n't argue with that . 
 ok , i 'll give it a try . 
 but if i start to think we ca n't beat death-if it looks like we 're fighting a losing battle-i will return to the ark . 
 i wo n't go down with a sinking ship . '' 
 dervish claps my back . 
 `` i think you were crazy to return , but i like your style ! 
 here 's what i suggest . 
 we move on to the city where the next crossing 's going to happen and we let the window open . 
 you three link and test yourselves against the demons . 
 if you do n't wreck the universe , we 'll take that experience forward and confront the shadow . 
 if you do wreck the universe ... well , we 'll all be dead , so we wo n't have to worry about it . 
 how does that sound ? '' 
 `` good to me , '' grubbs grunts . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i suppose , '' bec says hesitantly . 
 `` but assuming we pass the test , i 'd like to try and learn more about death before we attack it , find out if it has any weaknesses , if there 's a way to defeat it . '' 
 `` how are we supposed to do that ? '' 
 grubbs sneers . 
 `` send it a questionnaire ? '' 
 bec licks her lips nervously . 
 `` we might have an inside man who can help us . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 dervish frowns . 
 `` it 's something beranabus said before he died . '' 
 bec shudders . 
 she was close to the old magician . 
 his death hit her hard . 
 `` in the hold of the ship , after i told him about death , he said to tell kernel to find him . '' 
 `` he wanted me to open a window out of the hold , '' i mutter , feeling guilty even though i know there 's nothing i could have done to help him . 
 `` that 's what i thought , '' bec nods . 
 `` i assumed he planned to escape or knock the lodestone through the window . 
 but the more i think about it , the more i doubt that assumption . 
 he knew he could n't last long against the shadow , that it would take us several minutes to climb the stairs . 
 he knew you were part of the kah-gash and that the shadow wanted to get its hands on you . 
 why would he ask you to risk capture ? 
 he was doomed and he accepted his death . 
 his only concern was that we evade the shadow and live to fight another day . 
 `` i do n't think he was asking for help . '' 
 bec licks her lips again . 
 `` i think he was looking ahead . 
 once he knew what the shadow was , he resigned himself to dying . 
 but he did n't give up the fight . 
 juni and i are proof that death is n't the end . 
 when he found out who his enemy was , i believe beranabus saw a chance to learn more about it and share that information with us . 
 `` death uses souls to create its body . 
 maybe it held on to beranabus 's soul when it killed him . 
 part of him might be alive inside that monstrous mass of shadows . '' 
 there 's uproar when bec suggests beranabus might still be alive in some form . 
 grubbs accuses her of living in a dreamland . 
 meera gently suggests that she 's in denial , that she needs to accept the ancient magician 's death . 
 but bec stubbornly pushes her case , and as she elaborates , our skepticism fades . 
 we know souls can be separated from bodies-that happened to me in lord loss 's kingdom years ago , when i entered the board . 
 in the past , a soul could n't survive a body 's death , but things have changed . 
 death is claiming souls and using them . 
 we 've no way of knowing if a captured soul remains conscious or not . 
 but if they do ... if beranabus has made a study of death from the inside and uncovered its secrets ... maybe he can tell us how to kill it . 
 it 's probably a wild shot in the dark . 
 grubbs certainly thinks so and says that it 's a waste of time , but the rest of us believe it 's worth trying . 
 but before we can set off in pursuit of a dead man , we have the living to take care of . 
 the new window is almost open . 
 in another few hours , dozens of demons will be streaming across . 
 while grubbs fetches his werewolves and meera rustles up battle-hardened soldiers , i slot patches of light together . 
 dervish and kirilli are resting-dervish looks shattered , kirilli scared . 
 bec 's watching me . 
 something about her gaze makes me feel uneasy . 
 `` it must have been amazing , '' she says . 
 `` your trip to the stars and beyond sounds incredible . '' 
 `` yes , '' i grunt . 
 `` i was wondering ... '' she coughs . 
 `` i 'd like to touch you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i squeak , startled , thinking she wants to kiss me . 
 `` i can absorb your memories if we touch , '' she says . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i chuckle at my mistake . 
 then i grow serious . 
 `` why do you want to take my memories ? '' 
 `` not take , '' she says . 
 `` share . 
 i want to see everything you saw . 
 the lights , the worlds , the crux . 
 if you grant me access , i can see all that you did . '' 
 `` what does it matter if i show you or not ? '' 
 i snap . 
 she looks surprised by my harsh tone . 
 `` well , of course i 'm curious , '' she says , stammering a bit . 
 `` but apart from that i have perfect recall . 
 if you share with me , i might spot something that slipped your mind . '' 
 `` i doubt it , '' i sniff . 
 `` but it ca n't do any harm , surely , if i just ... '' she reaches out , then stops as i glare at her . 
 letting her hand drop slowly , her expression darkens . 
 `` you 're hiding something from us . 
 just like grubbs . '' 
 `` you saw that too ? '' 
 i hiss . 
 `` everyone sees it . 
 something happened between him and juni that he does n't want us to know . '' 
 `` what do you think it might be ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 've no idea . 
 but i think i know what you 're holding back . 
 you look hostile . 
 i 've done nothing to make you dislike me , so you must be ... afraid . '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you , '' i sneer . 
 `` maybe not . 
 but you 're nervous ... more than that ... suspicious ? '' 
 i fidget uncomfortably . 
 `` the old creatures said the pieces of the kah-gash have been influenced by the hosts they 've inhabited , '' bec says thoughtfully . 
 `` if my piece of the kah-gash was in lord loss for thousands of years ... '' her expression clears . 
 `` you do n't trust me . 
 you think i might betray you , or that my piece of the kah-gash might trick us . '' 
 `` can you say for sure that it wo n't ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 bec starts to respond hotly , then pauses . 
 `` actually no , '' she admits . 
 then she looks at me piercingly . 
 `` but can you make any guarantees ? 
 can grubbs ? 
 you do n't know where your pieces were before , or why they ended up in you . 
 maybe we 'll all be played for fools . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 bec smiles thinly . 
 `` go on watching me , kernel . 
 i do n't mind . 
 but i 'll be watching you too . 
 and grubbs . 
 i do n't think any of us can be trusted . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' i say glumly , then return her smile . 
 `` and we 're the ones who are supposed to save the world ? 
 i do n't like our chances ! '' 
 `` me neither , '' she laughs , and we grin at each other , united by our uncertainties , paranoia , and fear . 
 we could stop the mage before he opens the window , but then we would n't have a chance to test ourselves . 
 i do n't like the course we 're taking-people will probably die-but there 's no other way . 
 if we want to learn about the kah-gash before we go looking for the shadow , we have to fight . 
 we could cross to the demon universe and test it there , but that would mean unleashing the kah-gash in an area of total magic . 
 if the weapon 's on the side of the demonata , that would hand it the perfect opportunity to break free of any confines we might seek to impose . 
 `` stick close to me , '' grubbs growls . 
 i 'm on his left , bec on his right . 
 meera , kirilli , the werewolves , and soldiers are behind us . 
 dervish is a bit farther back , observing . 
 i sense the window forming . 
 just minutes to go . 
 the mage is working inside a nearby building . 
 `` we 're not going for a full union , '' grubbs says . 
 `` just a partial link . '' 
 `` are you sure we can do that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , '' grubbs says . 
 `` i 'm the trigger . 
 i can control it . 
 follow my lead , do n't react when you feel my magic mingling with yours , and everything will be coolio . '' 
 i share a troubled glance with bec-she does n't like this either-but before i can say anything the window opens and demons scurry out of the building . 
 there are dozens of scaly , bloody , multiheaded monsters , oozing pus and slime , slithering down the steps , smashing through windows , hunting for victims . 
 a river of nightmares . 
 but nothing new . 
 i faced worse with beranabus . 
 i 'm more concerned about the werewolf between me and bec than i am by the demons bearing down on us . 
 grubbs stares at the demonata , eyes narrow and glinting yellow . 
 his fangs grow an inch , his lips stretching with them . 
 he grabs hold of my hand and bec 's . 
 energy spirals up my arm . 
 i tense against it but then the voice of the kah-gash murmurs to me . 
 it 's all right . 
 do n't fight . 
 no harm will come of this . 
 i do n't entirely trust that inner voice , but even if i wanted to reject the union , i could n't . 
 the magic within me warms to grubbs 's and i feel power well up from nowhere . 
 the shock of it makes me gasp . 
 my skin crackles and my fingers dig into grubbs 's huge paw . 
 my legs go weak , then steady . 
 we 're drawing power from all around , from the earth , people , demons , the sky . 
 everything 's linked . 
 there are connecting lines everywhere , between humans , objects , the demonata , the stars . 
 the kah-gash was here before any of us , holding the sixty-four zones of the original universe together . 
 and it still binds us in place-it just does n't define the universes as tightly as it used to . 
 but it could . 
 with the power coursing through me now , i could quench the sun by snapping my fingers , and open a tunnel between universes . 
 make myself ruler of all worlds , people , and demons . 
 limits exist only in the mind . 
 as the kah-gash , i 'd set those limits , not be bound by them . 
 i could - `` let 's just kill these demons and leave it at that , '' grubbs says , shattering my dreams of universal dominance . 
 i blink , coming out of the spell i was under , amazed by how swiftly i gave in to temptation . 
 grubbs and bec might not be the jokers in the pack . 
 maybe i 'm the weak link , the one the kah-gash can exploit . 
 but there 's no time for self-doubt . 
 the demons are almost upon us . 
 our werewolves are howling and the soldiers are readying their rifles . 
 another second or two and all will be chaos . 
 grubbs roars and i feel the magic of the kah-gash draining from me-from bec too . 
 grubbs is the focal point through which the power is channeled . 
 no way of fighting it now . 
 the energy that we 've sucked in explodes through grubbs , mixed in with his roar . 
 a stream of raw power envelops the demons and stops them cold . 
 their eyes bulge as they choke in a net of magic . 
 we hold them in place a moment , as easily as we 'd trap a colony of ants by lowering a jar over them . 
 then grubbs blows on them the way he 'd blow on a feather . 
 the demons shoot backwards , through the walls of the building , then through the window between universes . 
 the startled mage is blasted through as well , torn to shreds with most of the demons . 
 when the area is clear , the stream of energy fans out and crackles across the face of the window . 
 it glows brightly , then crumples , and the patches of light which were used to create it flood back to us along with the magic . 
 the stream swirls around us , breaking up into vortex-like tendrils . 
 then grubbs lets go of my hand and bec 's . 
 the power dwindles in seconds and the lights drift away . 
 it 's like nothing ever happened-apart from the huge hole in the front of the building . 
 `` wow , '' grubbs says , flexing his fingers and staring at them . 
 `` that was great . '' 
 he looks up at us and grins . 
 `` let 's find more demons and do it again ! '' 
 a couple of hours later , in a hotel suite even grander than the last we stayed in , grubbs is still itching to pick another fight , but bec insists we should focus on beranabus . 
 the pair are arguing heatedly . 
 i 've kept quiet . 
 dervish , meera , and kirilli say nothing either . 
 we chipped in during the early stages of the argument , but for the last hour it 's been pretty much grubbs and bec yelling at each other . 
 `` forget about crossing , '' grubbs shouts , towering over the small , slender girl . 
 `` i say we wait for them to come . 
 with the power of the kah-gash , we 'll drive them back every time . 
 they 'll soon realize they ca n't win and head off for softer pickings on other worlds . '' 
 `` you think that 's acceptable ? '' 
 bec retorts , not intimidated by the grotesque , wolfen teenager . 
 `` we pass them along and let others suffer ? '' 
 `` like meera said , we only care about this world , '' grubbs huffs . 
 `` leave me out of this , '' meera snaps , but both ignore her . 
 `` what about death ? '' 
 bec jeers . 
 `` will you repel the shadow when it attacks ? '' 
 `` why not ? 
 death might be more powerful than the demonata , but the kah-gash can trump it . '' 
 `` no , '' bec says . 
 `` death is the ultimate power . 
 if we do n't strike now , it will grow stronger and come to find us . '' 
 grubbs shrugs . 
 `` do i look worried ? '' 
 bec smothers a curse . 
 `` you were all for attacking earlier . 
 you wanted to go for death like a dog after a rat . '' 
 `` that was before you brought beranabus into the equation . 
 i 'd still go if you only wanted to have a crack at the shadow . 
 but you want to free a dead man . 
 that 's what this is really about . 
 your beloved bran turned coward at the end . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 bec screeches and appeals to the rest of us . 
 `` has he gone mad ? 
 do any of you know what - '' `` beranabus was afraid , '' grubbs interrupts . 
 `` that 's why he told you to send kernel after him . 
 it was n't so he could study death from the inside and learn its secrets . 
 he realized his soul might be trapped and he did n't want to spend eternity in the grasp of the shadow . 
 he hoped kernel could get him out . 
 you know that 's true . 
 you knew it from the moment you suggested the idea of rescuing him . 
 tell me i 'm wrong . '' 
 bec says nothing . 
 her face was red with anger moments before , but now the flush fades . 
 her lower jaw trembles . 
 she looks ashamed . 
 `` this is personal , '' grubbs growls , facing us like a lawyer addressing a jury . 
 `` she 's not thinking about beating death . 
 she only wants to set beranabus free . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 meera asks quietly . 
 `` he was her friend . 
 you 'd do the same for dervish in that position . 
 so would i. '' `` i would n't , '' kirilli pipes up . 
 `` no surprise there , '' dervish mutters . 
 `` it 's too dangerous , '' grubbs yells . 
 `` i liked beranabus but i 'm not going to risk everything to save his soul . 
 hell , he might not even be there . 
 maybe death did n't claim him . '' 
 `` it did , '' i say softly . 
 `` i 've been studying the lights while you were arguing , concentrating on beranabus . 
 a few started flashing as soon as i focused on him , and more have joined them . 
 it 's not like when i search for someone living , but if his soul had n't been absorbed by the shadow , no lights would flash at all . '' 
 `` ok , it took his soul . 
 so what ? '' 
 grubbs shrugs . 
 `` how many of you want to risk a rescue ? 
 who cared about the mad old buzzard that much ? '' 
 he looks around the room . 
 kirilli instantly shakes his head . 
 meera nods firmly to show she 's on bec 's side . 
 dervish looks uncertain . 
 `` we owe him , '' he says . 
 `` we owe a lot of people , '' grubbs grunts , `` but we ca n't always repay our debts . 
 you taught me that . 
 a disciple does n't risk his life to save a few people , not when the fate of billions is at stake . 
 `` if i think we have a real chance of hurting the shadow , i 'll jump at it . 
 but if we 're just going over there to free beranabus 's soul ... that 's not right . 
 beranabus would n't have thought so either-not until he crumbled at the end . '' 
 `` what if he did n't ? '' 
 i ask angrily . 
 `` i spent more time with him than any of you . 
 i never saw him ask for favors . 
 he was the most selfless person i knew . 
 what if he really did hope to learn something that might help us ? '' 
 `` i 'm not willing to take that chance , '' grubbs says . 
 `` you 're a fool , '' bec shouts . 
 `` maybe , '' grubbs sniffs . 
 `` but it looks like we have a tie , three votes for each . 
 you , meera , and kernel want to ride to the rescue . 
 kirilli and i have more sense . 
 and dervish ... '' he looks to his uncle for a final answer . 
 dervish sighs . 
 `` i agree with grubbs . 
 we ca n't let personal feelings cloud our judgment . '' 
 `` what if it was personal for you ? '' 
 i softly challenge him . 
 `` it 's not , '' dervish says wearily . 
 `` if grubbs was in that position , i 'd do all i could to free him . 
 but he is n't , so there 's no point - '' `` bill-e , '' bec stops him . 
 dervish turns slowly , left eyelid ticking , but she is n't looking at him . 
 she 's staring at me . 
 `` is it bill-e ? '' 
 i nod slowly . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 grubbs howls , raising a huge , shaggy fist . 
 `` how dare you - '' `` i searched for him after i looked for beranabus , '' i say quickly . 
 `` i was running tests , searching for others i knew who 'd died , like mrs. egin , logan rile , sharmila . 
 i came up blank on all of them . 
 then i thought of bill-e and a few lights flashed , the way they flashed for beranabus . '' 
 `` if you 're lying ... '' grubbs growls , fingers clenched tight . 
 i step forward . 
 i 'm shaking like a rattlesnake 's tail but i speak clearly . 
 `` if you think i 'd say this to trick you , you do n't know me at all . '' 
 grubbs stares into my eyes . 
 he wants to find deception , but he ca n't , because i 'm telling the truth . 
 his shoulders slump and he backs away . 
 he shares a scared look with dervish , who 's been hit just as hard by the news . 
 bec could crow but she does n't . 
 she merely waits . 
 `` i killed him to free him , '' grubbs finally croaks . 
 `` it was the hardest thing i 've done . 
 i murdered my own brother . 
 i would n't have done that to save the world , the universe , or anything else . 
 but i could n't bear to let him live in torment at the hands of the demonata . 
 i killed him to spare his suffering , to set him free . 
 now you 're telling me i did n't , that the shadow has him ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whisper . 
 tears of blood trickle from grubbs 's eyes . 
 raising a hand , he wipes them away , then covers his face with his hand and moans softly . 
 `` we have to free them , '' bec says . 
 she crouches by his side and reaches out to embrace him . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 he barks , pulling away from her . 
 `` do n't be silly , '' she smiles . 
 `` i absorbed your secret when we linked outside . 
 i know what juni predicted . 
 but i do n't believe her . 
 she 's insane . 
 you would never do what she claimed . '' 
 grubbs cries out and wraps his arms around the little girl , hugging her like a doll , weeping while we stare at the pair of them , bewildered . 
 when he finally stops crying , he releases bec and grins shakily at her , then casts his gaze over the rest of us , his features firm . 
 `` show of hands . 
 who 's going to help me and bec kick some shadow ass ? '' 
 five arms rise immediately . 
 kirilli is the only dissenter . 
 `` you 're all crazy , '' he grumbles . 
 i try opening a window to beranabus , then bill-e , but enjoy no luck . 
 it 's too difficult on this world . 
 the lights are few and scattered . 
 i need more power to piece them together . 
 i need the magic of the demon universe . 
 we cross to a realm we know is safe , where we 've based ourselves in the past . 
 grubbs brings his pack of werewolves along -lrb- `` for fun , '' he grins bleakly -rrb- but we leave the soldiers behind . 
 i choose a place where time operates like it does on earth . 
 that way we should be back to face the next assault . 
 assuming we survive our brush with death . 
 which is a pretty big assumption . 
 as the others prepare for battle , i use the lights to pinpoint the position of our enemies . 
 i still ca n't get a fix on death , even though i now know its identity . 
 but i find lord loss and juni swan easily enough . 
 they 're on a world i 've never been to , surrounded by thousands ... no , millions of demons . 
 the thought of entering the midst of such an army is terrifying . 
 i think of telling the others , but what 's the point ? 
 we have to do this . 
 bec , dervish , and grubbs for personal reasons , me because i believe-hope-beranabus can reveal something about death which will give us the power to defeat it . 
 if all goes well , we wo n't have to face the demons , just their shadowy master . 
 if it goes poorly ... best not to dwell on that . 
 i turn my thoughts away from demons . 
 breathing calmly , i focus on beranabus . 
 lights begin to pulse , but there are n't many of them and i have a tough time piecing them together . 
 normally lights flock to me when i summon them but these patches resist . 
 i have to focus harder than i 've ever had to , and even then they only drift towards me sluggishly , reluctantly . 
 gritting my teeth , i bully the patches into place , slotting them together as if they were pieces of a crudely carved jigsaw puzzle . 
 i 'm aware of time ticking , the others growing impatient , especially the werewolves , who howl and hammer the ground with their fists , eager for action . 
 i push the distractions from my mind and focus on the lights . 
 normally i can multitask , chat with others while i 'm working on a window . 
 not now . 
 this will take everything i have . 
 i 'm doing something no one has ever done before , breaching the barriers of life itself . 
 eventually , after hours of fierce concentration , when i 'm starting to think it 's impossible , a small window opens . 
 it 's an unimpressive , jagged panel of brown light , and it flickers alarmingly at the edges . 
 but i do n't care . 
 it should n't by rights be open at all , so i 'm more proud of it than any window i 've ever created . 
 `` come on , '' i shout , reacting quickly to push the outermost lights back in place before they can buckle . 
 `` this will only hold for a few seconds . '' 
 `` where does it - '' grubbs starts to ask . 
 `` no time ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` we have to go now or not at all . '' 
 `` then let 's go , '' grubbs grunts and dives blindly through the window . 
 the werewolves rush after him . 
 when the last of the sixteen has vanished , a nervous meera crosses , followed by bec . 
 kirilli steps forward but hesitates . 
 `` i really do n't want to do this , '' he mutters . 
 `` too bad ! '' 
 dervish laughs and pushes the startled stage magician through . 
 `` hurry , '' i gasp , feeling the window start to disintegrate . 
 dervish ducks past my whirring arms . 
 as soon as he 's out of sight , i throw myself after him . 
 i sense the window collapse as i sail through . 
 whatever happens next , whatever dire mess we wind up in , there 's no quick way out . 
 we 're in this to the end , whether we like it or not . 
 i find myself in a realm of shadows , dark and swirling . 
 the shadows whip at me and then flit away as if blown by a strong wind . 
 but there 's no wind here , just the ever-circling shades of the dead . 
 i was expecting cries and moans of torment , but it 's silent . 
 that surprises me . 
 at the least i should be able to hear the howls of the werewolves . 
 but when i open my mouth to call for the others-i ca n't see any of them-i realize why it 's so quiet . 
 sounds do n't carry . 
 though i shout at the top of my voice , nothing emerges . 
 i hunker down , fighting the dark wisps which threaten to bowl me over and sweep me away . 
 there 's no floor , just banks of shadows all around . 
 i 'm not floating . 
 it 's more like being stuck in a pool of mud . 
 i try to create a ball of light but nothing happens . 
 there 's magic here , waves of energy washing between the shadowy souls and binding them , but it 's a different type of magic and i 'm unable to channel it . 
 as i try again , something solid strikes my left shoulder . 
 cringing away from my assailant , i peer through the streams of shadows masking my eyes . 
 i spy a bulky shape bearing down on me . 
 impossible to tell if it 's friend or foe . 
 i back up , desperately scouring the space around me for a trace of magic i can use . 
 then a pair of huge hands grasps my arms and tugs me to a halt . 
 a face thrusts up next to mine . 
 it 's a fearsome , demonic face , and my first instinct is to lash out . 
 but as a veil of shadows whisks away from over the creature 's eyes , i realize it 's grubbs . 
 he says something . 
 i shake my head and mouth back the words , `` i ca n't hear . '' 
 grubbs narrows his eyes . 
 nothing happens for a few seconds . 
 then i hear his voice inside my head . '' 
 - me now ? 
 can you hear me now ? 
 can you - '' `` yes , '' i stop him , replying silently , thinking the words instead of voicing them . 
 `` are you able to channel the magic ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 he tuts , then grins . 
 `` i could n't either . 
 nobody could . 
 but bec adapted swiftly and showed the rest of us . 
 come on . '' 
 he leads me through the shadows , half-staggering , half-swimming . 
 the others are n't far away-they 're grouped together , bec at the center , the rest huddled round her , lit dimly by flickering balls of light which she has generated . 
 they all look scared , especially kirilli . 
 even the werewolves are subdued , whining silently and glancing around uneasily . 
 once i 'm in physical contact with the group , bec speaks . 
 `` we have n't much time . 
 death is n't aware of us yet but it will discover us soon . 
 you have to find beranabus and bill-e as quickly as possible . '' 
 i realize she 's talking to me . 
 `` how can i find them ? '' 
 i protest . 
 `` i opened the window and brought us here . 
 what more can i do ? '' 
 `` you 're the eyes of the kah-gash , '' she snaps . 
 `` you see more than any of us . 
 to me there 's no difference in the shadows . 
 they all look the same . 
 but i 'm sure you can see more . '' 
 `` well , i ca n't , '' i snarl , hating the way she 's heaping the pressure onto me . 
 a wave of energy floods through me , opening doors within my brain , clearing passageways . 
 suddenly i find myself absorbing and converting the magic of death . 
 i fill with power and breathe out easily , smiling at the buzz of it . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 i ask , relaxed and cool . 
 `` i used my gift , '' bec says . 
 `` now use yours and look . '' 
 still smiling , i cast my gaze around and see that bec was right . 
 now that i 've tapped into the magic , the shadows have taken on a new consistency . 
 there are thousands of individual shards and shapes whirling around us , no two alike . 
 i ca n't believe i did n't see them before . 
 each has its own shade , form , and way of moving . 
 they 're all a grey-black color , but there are more variants of grey and black than i would have dreamed possible . 
 my first thought is , `` so this is what souls look like . '' 
 but that 's not right . 
 this is only what they look like here . 
 death has taken these unfortunates and molded them into what it wanted them to be . 
 as i study the souls , i extend my thoughts , focusing on individuals , trying to communicate . 
 nothing happens for a while . 
 then , all of a sudden , i 'm struck by a burst of voices , screams and yowls , tormented cries for help and release . 
 wincing , i shut out the noises . 
 after a brief pause , i open myself to the voices again but put filters in place , blocking out the worst of the background noise . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask a nearby shadow as it floats past . 
 `` free me ! '' 
 it screams . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i shout again , but it only repeats its plea . 
 others that i focus on are the same , impossible to question , wailing for freedom . 
 i turn to tell the others but i do n't need to . 
 bec has been in touch with me the whole time and has broadcast the short snippets to the rest . 
 they look distraught . 
 the suffering of these souls is awful . 
 in life , no matter how bad things get , at least you have the release of death to look forward to , the belief that no matter what lies beyond , nothing can be as bad as this . 
 but these people have shuffled off their mortal coils , only to find themselves ensnared by the force they were relying on to set them free . 
 every soul here knows it was n't meant for this hellish realm . 
 having escaped the confines of natural life , they 've found themselves caught in an unnatural web and it 's driven them insane . 
 `` we have to get out of here ! '' 
 kirilli shrieks . 
 `` we ca n't help them ! '' 
 `` bran wo n't have given in to madness , '' bec insists . 
 `` find him , kernel . 
 he wo n't have surrendered . 
 not bran . '' 
 i do n't have her faith in the ancient magician but i search anyway . 
 using the magic of death , i send a radar-like cry out in all directions , calling for beranabus , trying to locate his position . 
 once i 've sent the signal , i wait for it to echo back . 
 if he 's still conscious , he 'll respond . 
 but if he 's like the others ... if he 's lost his senses and forgotten his name ... become just a swirling shadow with no idea of self ... `` bill-e , '' grubbs snarls as we wait . 
 `` look for bill-e too . '' 
 `` i will , '' i tell him , `` but give me time . 
 beranabus first . 
 if we - '' i stop , jaw dropping . 
 because an answering burst of energy has echoed back to me from a point far away . 
 `` was that bran ? '' 
 bec hisses . 
 `` i think so , '' i say hesitantly . 
 `` but it was very weak . 
 i guess there 's only one way to find out . '' 
 i look around to make sure everyone 's ready , then start forward , wading through the sluggish swirls of shadows , repeating the signal , zoning in on the area where the soul of beranabus seems to be signaling back . 
 we reach the place where the response came from . 
 i do n't see anything different at first . 
 it looks like any other part of this wretched no man 's land . 
 the souls cluster and swirl around us . 
 i call beranabus 's name but there 's no reply . 
 i study the river of souls but it 's impossible to say who they might have belonged to in life . 
 maybe the reply was a fluke , or i only heard - `` that was always your problem , '' a voice snaps inside my head . 
 `` you take too many things into consideration . '' 
 `` bran ! '' 
 bec cries , head whipping from side to side , searching the gloom for her childhood friend . 
 `` i 'm here , '' beranabus says , and i trace the voice to a shadow circling overhead , no more remarkable than any other . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 bec shouts . 
 `` i ca n't see him . '' 
 `` relax , little one , '' beranabus hushes her . 
 `` kernel 's the only one who can see me . 
 you 'll have to be content with my voice . 
 not that it 's a bad voice . 
 i 've roared down demon masters in my time . '' 
 i burst out laughing . 
 this is the most incredible thing ever . 
 i never thought i 'd be in direct contact with my old mentor again . 
 but before i can tell him how sorry i am that he was killed , grubbs shouts at the dead magician . 
 `` is bill-e here ? '' 
 he cries . 
 `` aye , '' beranabus rumbles . 
 `` where ? 
 let me talk with him . 
 bill-e ! '' 
 grubbs swivels wildly , shouting his dead brother 's name . 
 `` were you always this stupid or is it a result of your recent metamorphosis ? '' 
 beranabus snaps . 
 `` i was thousands of years old when i died , more powerful than any human in history . 
 yet it took everything i had to hold my thoughts together and not become one of the wailing cretins this place is stuffed with . 
 do you really think your young brother fought off the madness that all the others succumbed to ? '' 
 grubbs draws to a stop and turns to face me , his eyes cold with hatred . 
 `` show me where that vile old buzzard is . 
 i 'll kill him again . '' 
 beranabus laughs cruelly . 
 `` control yourself . 
 i never put things politely when i was alive , so i 'm hardly going to start now that i 'm dead ! 
 your brother 's here , he 's lost his mind and is suffering , and unless you free us all , he 'll remain trapped indefinitely . '' 
 `` then we can free you ? '' 
 bec shouts hopefully . 
 `` i think so , '' beranabus mutters . 
 `` that 's not why i told you to ask kernel to find me , but it will certainly be a bonus . 
 i ca n't hold my mind together much longer . 
 the effort ... '' in those few words i get the sense of how close beranabus is to snapping . 
 despite his brave front , he 's terrified . 
 `` before we try that , '' beranabus says more brightly , `` i want to know everything that 's happened since i died . 
 bec-open your thoughts to me . '' 
 the shadow of beranabus 's soul darts closer to bec and hovers over the girl 's head . 
 a tendril gently touches her forehead . 
 she closes her eyes and smiles . 
 i get the impression of memories being transferred , like data being uploaded from one computer to another . 
 then beranabus sighs . 
 `` i 'd gathered some of that already-you can learn a lot here if you keep your eyes and ears open , metaphorically speaking-but there 's much more to consider now . 
 i do n't think ... '' he falls silent . 
 bec 's eyes half open , then close again . 
 she nods softly and i realize he 's speaking privately to her . 
 grubbs steps up beside me . 
 `` can you find bill-e ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` even if i could , would you want to speak to him like this ? '' 
 i answer quietly . 
 `` would n't it be better to just free him ? '' 
 `` but i never said a proper goodbye . 
 there are so many things - '' `` kernel 's right , '' dervish says , laying a trembling hand on grubbs 's shoulder . 
 `` better to remember billy as he was . 
 if we can set his soul loose , that will be enough . '' 
 grubbs nods reluctantly , then squints at bec . 
 `` what 's going on between those two ? 
 why the secrecy ? '' 
 `` i was wondering the same thing , '' i whisper . 
 `` such suspicious minds , '' beranabus barks . 
 `` you 'll need to trust each other if you 're to defeat death and save the universe . 
 have n't you heard of teamwork ? '' 
 `` you think we can beat it ? '' 
 i ask eagerly . 
 `` not a hope in hell , '' beranabus chuckles . 
 `` but you have to try , do n't you ? '' 
 bec 's eyes are open . 
 she looks troubled . 
 i do n't know what beranabus shared with her , but i 'm reminded of raz 's warning . 
 i have a bad feeling . 
 suddenly i wish i had n't insisted on this mission , that i 'd left beranabus alone . 
 i thought he could teach us how to vanquish our foes , but all he 's done is predict doom and tell bec something that 's set her mind awhirl . 
 but awhirl with what ? 
 deceit ? 
 before i can press the issue , a cluster of shadows to my left bunches together , throbs , then rises high above us like a cobra 's head . 
 `` ah , '' beranabus sighs . 
 `` the behemoth awakes . '' 
 `` it 's alive ! '' 
 kirilli shrieks as the shadowy growth studies us ominously . 
 `` this would be a good time to split , '' meera mutters . 
 the pillar of shadows smashes down on us before anyone can volunteer a plan . 
 we 're thrown apart , yelling with panic . 
 the werewolves howl and lurch at the massed head of shadows , but it bats them aside with ease and rises above us again . 
 as it does , more shadows converge around us . 
 death might have taken a while to note our presence , but it 's moving swiftly to turn its imprisoned souls against us . 
 `` bec ! '' 
 i roar , dodging another of the shadow 's blows . 
 `` how do we get out ? '' 
 beranabus answers mockingly . 
 `` ca n't you open a window , kernel ? 
 that was always your specialty . '' 
 `` no time ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` bec ? '' 
 `` the kah-gash , '' she says shakily , reaching towards me . 
 a twisting fist of shadows slams into her right arm , snapping it at the elbow . 
 she screams as her hand goes limp , then grits her teeth and unleashes a burst of energy at the fist . 
 the shadows shatter beneath the force of the blow . 
 bec clutches me with her left hand . 
 `` grubbs ! '' 
 she yells . 
 he 's already making his way towards us , lips moving silently as he speaks to his piece of the kah-gash . 
 a sword of shadows slices across his back , drawing blood , but he just grunts and pushes on . 
 kirilli 's bouncing about like a mexican jumping bean , dodging the spines and hammers that are forming and striking at us , yelping with each narrow escape , the rags of his tattered suit flapping up and down to comical effect . 
 `` that 's the way . '' 
 beranabus laughs at the petrified stage magician . 
 `` dance , fool , dance ! '' 
 he cackles madly . 
 i think he 's closer to insanity than he realizes . 
 grubbs reaches us and lays a powerful paw on my neck , the other on bec 's . 
 i immediately feel the kah-gash flare into life . 
 there 's not as much power as before , because we 're surrounded by death , unable to draw energy from the stars . 
 but i still feel about ten times more powerful than normal . 
 as a hammer of shadows crashes upon us , grubbs roars and it disintegrates . 
 he releases bec and me but the link remains . 
 with his hands , he claws at the shadows around us , ripping dark holes through the fog of souls . 
 bec and i follow his lead , using magic to split shadows and blast through thicker banks of them . 
 the others join in-except kirilli , who 's still leaping about-and we attack the formations that death has sent against us . 
 `` this way , '' beranabus calls , shooting ahead . 
 i do n't know how anyone could find their bearings here , but i have to trust him . 
 it 's not like we have much choice . 
 we struggle after the fleeing shadow . 
 i 'm following beranabus , the others are trailing me . 
 kirilli is the only one who does n't come . 
 he has n't looked around . 
 i call his name a few times but he does n't respond . 
 in the end i curse and leave him . 
 i feel bad , abandoning the disciple , but you ca n't save everyone . 
 some of the werewolves have already been killed . 
 the power of the kah-gash is fading , having no outside source to draw from . 
 if i went back for kirilli , i 'd waste energy and time , and that would prove the death of us all . 
 a noise grows as we push on . 
 it 's a hissing sound , the spitting of a million furious snakes . 
 death is venting its rage . 
 i 've heard all sorts of shrieks and cries during my years in the demon universe . 
 nothing sent a shiver down my spine as much as this . 
 a spear of shadows strikes grubbs just above his heart and shoots out the other side . 
 with a roar of pain he falls to his knees but is up again instantly . 
 his fangs lengthen and as another spear arcs towards him , he snatches it between his oversized teeth and grinds it to pieces , then spits them out . 
 a shadowy scythe splits the flesh of meera 's lower back . 
 she staggers , finds her feet , then is struck by a thick club . 
 she falls unconscious , but dervish is there to grab her and haul her forwards . 
 his face is flushed , his limbs are trembling , his heart must be pounding fit to burst , but he carries on . 
 i do n't know if it 's for meera 's sake or his own , but he does n't quit , even though it would be easier for him to lie down and die . 
 i 've been hammered all over and i 'm bleeding from a variety of cuts , like the others , but bec 's hardly been touched . 
 she 's the strongest of us in this place of death . 
 grubbs might be the trigger , but bec is pulling the strings at the moment , directing the energy of the kah-gash , using it to keep the lights going , protect herself from the blows of the shadow , and help the rest of us as best she can . 
 for such a small girl , she packs one hell of a lot of power . 
 `` here ! '' 
 beranabus calls . 
 he 's come to a halt by a thick bank of souls . 
 `` this is a wall . 
 focus on this spot . 
 quickly-you 're almost out of time . '' 
 bec unleashes a ball of energy at the wall . 
 i do the same . 
 grubbs starts to , then snarls and hurls himself at it instead . 
 he hits the bank of shadows and rips into it , roaring as he scoops dark handfuls out of his way . 
 the surviving werewolves crowd around him and tear at the shadows too . 
 `` nearly there , '' beranabus roars cheerfully as dervish and meera are knocked aside , and i narrowly avoid being speared through the center of my head . 
 a hole appears in the side of the shadow . 
 light shines through , blinding after the gloominess of this unnatural realm . 
 the werewolves howl gleefully and double their efforts . 
 the hole widens and i hit it with another blast of energy . 
 bec focuses on the area around it . 
 grubbs rips at the shadows like a madman . 
 more holes and tears appear . 
 some of the souls drift free and disappear as they hit the air outside . 
 others follow , streaming after the first few . 
 the holes widen , then the fabric around them crumbles away . 
 the hissing reaches its peak , only now it 's a scream of pain . 
 souls dart from their prison , sensing escape , surging towards the exit from all parts of death 's makeshift body . 
 beranabus yodels enthusiastically , fighting the flow , holding his position . 
 `` not bad , '' he chuckles approvingly . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 i cry , hardly daring to believe it could be this simple . 
 `` have we killed death ? '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' beranabus snorts . 
 `` death ca n't die . '' 
 `` but conscious death ... the shadow ... have we destroyed it ? '' 
 i yell . 
 `` no , '' beranabus says sadly , sounding more like his old self . 
 `` you 've delayed matters , that 's all . 
 it will have to find new souls and create another body . 
 that will take weeks , maybe a month or two . 
 then it will be back , stronger than ever . 
 having learned from this setback , it will be more vigilant . 
 you wo n't pierce its defenses so easily again . '' 
 `` then how will we beat it ? '' 
 i shriek . 
 `` how will we win ? '' 
 `` you wo n't , '' beranabus whispers . 
 then he 's gone , whipped free of his prison , cheering wildly , to depart the universe of the living once and for all , bound for whatever lies beyond . 
 bec yells a frantic farewell but i do n't think he hears . 
 he does n't care about life now or those who inhabit it . 
 he 's done . 
 ranks of monsters surround us , stretching far into the distance . 
 this must be the world from which the demonata are plotting their invasion of earth , the base from which they send troops when they open windows to our world . 
 we knew an army was massing but we never dared confront it . 
 beranabus was a reckless fighter but he was n't crazy . 
 he knew we could n't hope to face this many demons and walk away alive . 
 the demons have backed off from the disintegrating mammoth of the shadow . 
 they 're watching it with alarm , chittering and bellowing , not sure what 's going on . 
 it 's their leader . 
 death drew them together , promising them control of the universe and eternal life . 
 now it 's falling to pieces like a punctured zeppelin . 
 they do n't know what to do . 
 `` there ! '' 
 shrieks an all-too-recognizable voice . 
 pushing myself to my feet , i spy her near the fore of the demons to my left-nadia moore , aka juni swan . 
 she 's by the side of her eight-armed master , lord loss . 
 both are staring at us with a mix of hatred and uncertainty . 
 i look around slowly , showing no signs of panic in case i incite the demonata . 
 grubbs and bec are nearby . 
 grubbs has also seen juni and lord loss . 
 he 's taking deep breaths , preparing for battle . 
 bec is fixing her arm and does n't seem to be aware of the trouble we 're in . 
 dervish is using magic to revive meera , glancing around anxiously as he fans her back to life . 
 the ten surviving werewolves have gathered in a circle behind grubbs , growling softly as they eyeball the demons . 
 and a little further over , hopping around , unaware that we 've escaped the stomach of the shadow , is kirilli kovacs . 
 `` grubbs , '' i hiss . 
 `` any ideas ? '' 
 `` can you open a window ? '' 
 he mutters , cracking his knuckles . 
 `` i 've already started , '' i whisper , nudging patches of light into place with deft flicks of my fingers , not wanting to alert our enemies to the fact that i 'm at work . 
 `` it 'll take a few minutes . 
 can you cover me ? '' 
 `` i 'll give it a good shot , '' he growls , then bellows at lord loss . 
 `` where 's your mighty leader now ? 
 death offered you the universe and immortality . 
 hah ! '' 
 bec finishes setting her arm and calmly walks over to grubbs . 
 she stands behind him , back to back . 
 dervish and a woozy meera shuffle up beside them . 
 when kirilli hears grubbs , he stops dancing and stares around . 
 the werewolves have n't moved , awaiting grubbs 's command . 
 `` very commendable , grubitsch , '' lord loss says . 
 his voice silences the mutterings and snarls of the other demons . 
 he drifts to the front of the army , juni by his side . 
 when he 's in the open , he looks at each of us in turn and smiles . 
 `` but death can not be destroyed . 
 you have merely inconvenienced it . 
 a valiant victory , but you have only won a battle , not the war . 
 you know that . 
 we all know that . '' 
 he addresses the last cry to the army of demons , raising his voice , and they roar back encouragingly . 
 `` this feels like a reunion , '' lord loss says , smiling sadly , the snakes writhing in the hole where his heart should be , blood oozing from the many cracks in his pale red flesh . 
 `` so many familiar faces . 
 grubitsch , dervish , cornelius , even little bec , back from the dead and as tenacious as ever . '' 
 `` master , '' juni murmurs , nodding sharply at me . 
 `` i am aware of cornelius 's efforts , '' lord loss chuckles . 
 `` do n't worry , sweet swan , he will not have time to open a window . 
 i let him get this far in order to fan the flames of hope in their hearts . 
 now that those flames are flickering nicely '' - his red eyes flash dangerously - `` it is time to quench them . '' 
 he shouts at the millions of demons , `` attack ! '' 
 with a volley of deafening screams and howls , the army surges forward and smashes to the ground around us , a living wave of chaos , barbarism , and death . 
 we 'd perish in seconds without the power of the kah-gash . 
 but as soon as lord loss roars , grubbs grabs bec , leaps to my side , and wraps an arm around me . 
 unifying our magic , he draws from the power in the air and erects a hasty but sturdy barrier around us . 
 instead of driving us to the floor and ripping us to shreds , the demons deflect off the shield . 
 i work on the window as the demons lash and claw at the barrier . 
 it covers all of us except kirilli , who was too far away and has been cut off , swamped by the army of demonic warriors . 
 it 's a powerful shield , impervious to physical assault . 
 if the demons continue to hurl themselves at it , they wo n't inflict any damage and we 'll be out of here in another couple of - `` stand aside ! '' 
 lord loss yells , blasting his way through a pack of gibbering beasts . 
 he studies the barrier and sneers , then howls a phrase of magic . 
 energy crackles in all eight of his hands . 
 he lets it build , then directs it at the barrier , a stream of sizzling , purple power . 
 lord loss is a demon master , far superior to any human in the ways of magic . 
 nothing should be able to stand against him . 
 but we 're the kah-gash and i sense within seconds that we 're stronger than our foe . 
 i laugh confidently . 
 we 're going to walk out of this without even a scratch . 
 i ca n't wait to see the look on his face when ... juni lays a hand on lord loss 's lumpy flesh . 
 she 's changed a lot since i last saw her and has become a mutated , flesh-dripping , impossibly ugly beast . 
 her eyes flare with shocking madness and naked hate . 
 i remember when , as nadia moore , she saved my life . 
 she 'd committed herself to lord loss by that stage , but there was still room in her heart for human feelings . 
 not anymore . 
 she 's become that which she once fought , every bit as heartless as a true child of the demonata . 
 she screeches vilely and unleashes a burst of magic at the barrier . 
 at her cry , demons huddle around the pair and link with them , adding their energy to hers and lord loss 's , focusing their combined forces on the shield . 
 `` grubbs ! '' 
 bec pants , feeling the barrier give . 
 `` we need more power . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' he gasps , sweating as we all are , buckling under the strain . 
 `` this is as far ... as i dare unleash it . 
 if i give it more freedom ... i wo n't be able to control it . 
 anything could ... happen . '' 
 i do n't understand what he 's saying . 
 he must be insane . 
 the barrier will break and they 'll be on us in seconds . 
 we have to throw everything we have at them or else we 're doomed . 
 then i remember when we last gave the kah-gash absolute freedom . 
 it drove the universes back in time . 
 if we could count on it working in our favor again , there 'd be no need to worry . 
 but we do n't know what it will do if we set it loose a second time . 
 maybe it would give us the strength to defeat the demons-or maybe it would wipe out our universe and hand victory to the demonata . 
 we dare not play that card unless all else is lost . 
 our situation is desperate but not hopeless , and until that changes , grubbs is right to hold back . 
 `` we have to fight , '' he roars . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 i nod weakly . 
 `` bec ? '' 
 `` go for it , '' she growls . 
 with a battle-hungry cry , grubbs explodes the barrier . 
 a wall of energy spreads like a ripple from a nuclear explosion , flattening the demons closest to us . 
 for a few seconds we 're standing at the center of a clear circle , confusion reigning all around . 
 then the demons farther back recover , bellow brutally , and push forward , clambering over the bodies of the fallen , to surround and enclose us . 
 the real fight begins . 
 it 's wilder than any battle i 've ever been involved in . 
 i 've laughed in the face of overwhelming odds before , but nobody 's laughing now . 
 there are too many of them , demons of every rank , from familiars up to masters like lord loss . 
 all they share is a total hatred of us and a determination to strip our flesh from our bones . 
 we strike without pause , using bolts and fireballs of magic . 
 hundreds perish within seconds , but still they press on , thousands of fresh monsters to replace each that falls . 
 i try to stay in touch with bec and grubbs , but we 're forced apart . 
 grubbs is dragged away by several demons at least five times his size . 
 a winged beast snatches bec from the ground and shoots into the air with her . 
 i go down under the feet of dozens of hard-shelled demons . 
 claws slash , fangs and pincers snap . 
 i feel cuts open down my legs and arms , across my stomach and chest . 
 i ignore the pain , use magic to numb the worst of it , and with a great effort thrust off the demons . 
 yelling , i stagger to my feet , then collapse again beneath a dinosaur-shaped beast . 
 fangs lock around my throat and tighten . 
 i turn the flesh of my neck to steel but the fangs continue to grind together . 
 this is the end . 
 there 's nothing i can do . 
 some wounds are fatal , no matter how magical you are . 
 once my throat 's been crushed , i 'm as dead as - a silver , purple-tipped spike pokes sharply through the center of the dinosaur 's head . 
 it squeals , then falls aside . 
 a panting dervish pulls me to my feet . 
 the spikes on his head have tripled in length and writhe like snakes , independent of one another , jabbing at the demons around us , driving them back . 
 `` how much longer will it take you to open that freakin ' window ? '' 
 he roars . 
 i look for the patches of light . 
 they 're twenty feet away , drifting apart . 
 with a curse , i summon them , pat the stray patches into place , and start adding new lights to the pack . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 dervish screams again , blood flowing from a chunk that 's been bitten out of the left side of his chest-i see snapped white bones poking through the streams of red . 
 `` maybe a minute , '' i gasp , hands blurring . 
 i glance around as i 'm putting the window together . 
 grubbs is back on his feet , supported by his retinue of werewolves , who 've torn into the demons around him , attacking rabidly , tearing strips out of their foes . 
 bec is still fighting with the winged demon and has forced it towards the ground . 
 meera 's close by , doggedly working her way back to us . 
 her left arm 's been severed at the shoulder . 
 half her face is a clawed-up , blood-soaked mess-her beauty 's been spoiled forever . 
 but more worrying than that are the guts dangling from a hole in her stomach , and the small demon wrapped around her waist , tugging at the intestines , reeling them out like a cat unraveling a ball of string . 
 `` meera ! '' 
 i scream , desperate to help but needing to stay focused on the window . 
 it 's our only hope of escape . 
 if i abandon it , we 're all doomed . 
 dervish has spotted meera too . 
 he begins to dart to her rescue , then swears and drives back a multi-eyed monster that was about to snap off my hands . 
 he has to stand guard . 
 i ca n't protect myself while i 'm working on the window . 
 he 's tied to his post , as i am . 
 he weeps with frustration as he fights off the hordes clustered around us , muttering meera 's name over and over . 
 the demon working on meera 's guts stick its head into the hole in her stomach . 
 it 's giggling sickeningly , like a child tucking into a box of treats . 
 but then its head explodes and it topples to the ground . 
 a figure breaks through the demons around meera and hauls her forward , towards us . 
 i think my eyes are playing tricks , but when i blink and see the same thing , i realize i 'm not dreaming . 
 kirilli kovacs is plowing through the ranks of demons . 
 one of his hands has turned into a steel scythe and he 's mowing down all who come too close . 
 he 's the one who rescued meera . 
 `` kovacs , you lunatic ! '' 
 dervish yells with delight . 
 `` you 're supposed to be a coward ! '' 
 `` i am ! '' 
 kirilli screeches . 
 `` then what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 i think i 'm saving the day ! 
 it feels - '' a demon sweeps kirilli 's legs from under him . 
 he flies into the air with a yelp , then is knocked sideways by a bellowing , half-human beast intent on getting her hands on us before any of the others finish us off . 
 juni swan is back in the thick of the action . 
 she angles for dervish , dripping flesh as she charges , swiping demons out of her way , teeth bared , eyes rolling madly . 
 with a welcoming grunt , dervish sets his feet firmly and snarls , losing interest in all the other monsters , forgetting his duty to protect me . 
 as juni rushes him , he grabs hold of her arms and swings her around like an adult whirling a baby . 
 juni spits acid into his face . 
 he neutralizes it swiftly but not before a wide swathe of his flesh bubbles away . 
 the pair fall to the ground , wrestling savagely , stabbing , biting , punching , and spitting , each hellbent on murdering the other . 
 the window 's almost fully formed , but there 's no one to watch my back now . 
 several hound-like demons press tight around me , snapping at my face , digging channels in my flesh with their jagged claws . 
 `` grubbs ! 
 bec ! '' 
 i scream , turning from the window to drive back the demons . 
 `` i need help ! '' 
 grubbs roars at his werewolves . 
 slipping free of the giants , they struggle towards me , blasting and chewing a path through the packed ranks of monsters . 
 in the air , bec 's seen off the challenge of the winged demon , but lord loss has hit the scene . 
 the pair tumble and roll around overhead . 
 half his arms are holding her rigidly against his rancid flesh . 
 the other half are lashing her , pulling her hair , trying to gouge out her eyes , digging into her soft flesh . 
 meera 's in bad shape , but she shoves fistfuls of guts back into the hole in her stomach and dives to dervish 's rescue , pulls juni swan off of him , and scratches at the traitor 's eyes . 
 juni screeches and tries to knock her away but meera 's stronger than she looks , and she loves dervish as much as juni hates him . 
 grabbing hold of juni 's bloated , rotten head , she jerks her hard and they spin away . 
 dervish tries to follow but gets tangled up with another demon . 
 grubbs and the few surviving werewolves make it to my side . 
 they 're all badly wounded but they fight as viciously as ever . 
 as they form a half-wall around me , grubbs yells at me to finish the window and i hurry to obey . 
 the fingers of my left hand have been crushed but i can still manipulate the patches . 
 sobbing with pain and fear , i slot one after another into place , praying for the lights to gel and the window to open before it 's too late . 
 juni 's laughing . 
 she 's got both hands inside the hole in meera 's stomach and is forcing them up through the layers of guts that still remain , seeking to crush lungs , the heart ... whatever she can find . 
 `` meera ! '' 
 dervish howls , trying to force his way through to her but failing . 
 meera smiles painfully . 
 she 's got her arms wrapped around juni , holding tight . 
 as juni tears at meera 's insides , the disciple catches our gaze and winks wearily . 
 `` no ... shadow , '' she wheezes . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 juni roars . 
 `` no ... shadow , '' meera repeats . 
 `` when i die ... i 'm finished ... and so ... are you . '' 
 juni 's face freezes . 
 she catches on to meera 's plan a second too late . 
 her eyes widen with alarm as she tries to detach herself and dart to safety . 
 but before she can , meera explodes . 
 she must have been working on the ball of energy since she realized she was beyond help . 
 it bursts from her in a blazing flash of light , shatters her bones , incinerates her flesh-and rips through the mutated , twisted form that juni built for herself when death restored her soul to life . 
 it sounds like the entire universe is screaming . 
 dervish and grubbs wail for meera . 
 in the air , lord loss bellows juni 's name and reaches out to her with a couple of his arms , offering bec a brief respite . 
 the demon hordes screech with delight , the scent of human death like a red rag to a bull . 
 they press even tighter around us , each wanting to be next to claim a soul . 
 i drown out the screams and focus on the window . 
 it 's all that matters now . 
 we have seconds to get the hell out of here , or we 'll wind up like meera . 
 no time for misery or joy . 
 just focus , work fast , and pray . 
 a werewolf is slaughtered and collides with me as it thrashes in its death throes , opening a new , deep cut down the side of my head , just behind my left ear . 
 i shrug it off and concentrate . 
 kirilli leaps high into the air , raining handfuls of bones down upon the demons . 
 he must have picked them up from the floor of the battlefield . 
 they strike like shrapnel , blinding , wounding , killing . 
 he roars with delight-then shrieks as a demon 's jaws flash and his right foot is bitten off at the ankle . 
 kirilli collapses . 
 his foot drops on top of me and i head it away like a football , never pausing , right hand moving mechanically , fending off demons with my damaged left hand . 
 grubbs head-butts a demon and smashes its skull to pieces . 
 his forehead comes out drenched in brains and foul-smelling fluid . 
 extending his tongue , he licks his eyes clean and fights on , laughing through his tears . 
 lord loss and bec crash to earth , then rise again . 
 they 're still struggling with each other , but he does n't seem to be inflicting as much damage . 
 his hands move lazily , more like they 're caressing bec than savaging her . 
 and she does n't react as violently as before . 
 she wriggles less frantically in his embrace , almost as if ... before i can complete the thought , a window of pale blue light blinks into existence . 
 i stare at it stupidly . 
 then exhilaration sweeps through me and i yell at the top of my voice . 
 `` the window is open ! '' 
 the demonata scream hatefully and lash at us frantically . 
 the smarter beasts try to crowd around the window , to block our path , but they 're hampered by the mass of demons . 
 there are too many of the monsters . 
 they get in one another 's way . 
 kirilli hops to the window , grabs dervish 's right arm-he 's still staring at the spot where meera fell-and topples through , dragging dervish after him . 
 a bloodied , panting grubbs draws up beside me . 
 he casually repels a handful of demons with one swipe of a massive arm . 
 we 're both looking to the sky overhead where bec is locked in the embrace of lord loss . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she yells . 
 `` leave me ! '' 
 `` we ca n't , '' grubbs croaks . 
 `` we must , '' i mutter as more demons bear down on us , snarling , spitting , claws and fangs at full stretch . 
 `` but - '' grubbs begins . 
 `` we 're demon fodder if we stay , '' i snap , then throw myself through the window and out of the demonic universe of death . 
 i hit a hard floor and i 'm on my feet a split second later . 
 this is the cave where beranabus and i were based before our quest to find the shadow began . 
 it was the first place that popped into my mind when i started putting a window together . 
 i rip at the fabric of the window , dismantling it , not waiting for grubbs . 
 if he crosses within the next few seconds , fine . 
 if not , he 's a fool and he 'll deserve all he gets . 
 as my hands move within the panel of light , tearing at the individual patches , a werewolf stumbles through , wrapped in the arms of a giant insect-shaped demon . 
 they crash past me and continue their fight on the floor . 
 as kirilli yelps and slips out of their way , grubbs backs through the window , bolts of magic flying from his fists , roaring a challenge at those he 's leaving behind . 
 two more werewolves follow their leader into the cave . 
 the head and shoulders of a third appear , but something clutches its legs and hauls it back . 
 it howls and kicks at whatever has hold . 
 grubbs grabs the creature and pulls . 
 but then the window comes undone . 
 the patches of light pulse and snap free of each other . 
 the panel vanishes and the werewolf 's cut neatly in half , its lower body stranded in the universe of the demonata , its head and upper arms dropping to the floor here . 
 its death roar catches in its throat . 
 it 's over . 
 well ... almost . 
 the insect demon gibbers and breaks free . 
 it darts at the place where the window was , pauses when it realizes it 's trapped , then turns on me . 
 before it can strike , all three werewolves pounce . 
 they rip it to pieces and feast on the brittle remains , instantly forgetting about the trauma of the battle , fully focused on their meal , ignoring the rest of us as we sink to the floor and stare silently at each other with shock , bewilderment , and dismay . 
 grubbs is the first to move . 
 rising slowly , groaning painfully , he hobbles over to check on dervish . 
 his uncle 's in bad shape , the worst of any of us . 
 blood is pumping from the hole in his chest and i do n't think any amount of magic will stop it . 
 grubbs starts arguing with him . 
 he wants to open a window back to the demon universe , where dervish will stand a chance of recovery , but the battered disciple is having none of it . 
 he told grubbs a while ago that he wanted to die on earth when his time came . 
 it looks like he 'll soon be granted his wish . 
 `` how 's the foot ? '' 
 i ask kirilli , who 's sitting nearby , staring at the place where his right foot used to be . 
 he 's crying softly . 
 `` it 's gone , '' kirilli moans , then looks up . 
 `` i do n't feel any pain . '' 
 `` you will soon , '' i tell him . 
 `` but i can work some magic here . 
 i 'll bandage it up and help numb the pain . 
 then i 'll open a window and drop you off at a hospital before i leave . '' 
 kirilli does n't ask where i 'm going . 
 instead he grins weakly . 
 `` i did good , did n't i ? '' 
 he asks hopefully . 
 `` you did great . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i never thought i 'd be a hero , '' he whispers . 
 `` i dreamed of it many times but i never believed ... '' he falls silent , reliving the highlights , conveniently ignoring the part where he danced like a fool in the stomach of the shadow . 
 i do n't remind him of that , but fetch bandages from behind the spot where i used to sleep . 
 he 's earned the right to be proud . 
 it 's not stumbling along the way that matters , but how you finish . 
 grubbs limps over as i 'm bandaging kirilli 's ankle and healing it with magic , closing off the veins and arteries . 
 he watches silently until i 'm done , then nods at me . 
 leaving kirilli , we squat near the place where we once kept a fire burning . 
 grubbs 's face has altered . 
 he looks more human than he did when he was fighting . 
 he also looks like he 's in a lot of pain , but he says nothing of it . 
 `` meera 's dead , '' he mumbles . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` she took juni with her . 
 i 'd have rather killed that traitor myself , but as long as she 's gone ... '' he sighs , then says quietly , `` dervish is dying . 
 he asked me to take him up top , so he can die outside . 
 i need you to open the trapdoor . '' 
 we 're deep beneath the ground . 
 a rope ladder leads to the surface , but a stone slab blocks the way out . 
 it 's operated by magic . 
 focusing , i mutter the correct phrase and set it sliding free . 
 `` done . '' 
 `` thanks , '' grubbs says and starts to rise . 
 `` i could take him to a hospital with kirilli , '' i suggest . 
 grubbs shakes his head . 
 `` no point . 
 they could n't do anything for him . 
 what a moron , letting the demons bite a chunk out of his chest . 
 he should have kept his guard up . 
 the old fool deserves ... '' he shudders , fighting hard to hold back tears . 
 `` i 'll wait for you to return , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's ok . 
 take care of kirilli . 
 you can come back for me . '' 
 `` i 'm not coming back . '' 
 grubbs had made it to his feet , but now he pauses , stares at me , and squats again . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 he asks gruffly . 
 `` it 's over . 
 i 'm going to the ark . '' 
 `` you ca n't . 
 we need you . 
 this is n't finished . '' 
 `` of course it is . '' 
 i wipe blood and sweat from my forehead . 
 i feel so weary . 
 it will be a relief to leave this world and the fighting behind . 
 `` we gave it our best shot . 
 we tore the shadow to pieces . 
 but you heard beranabus . 
 death will return , and it 'll be even stronger next time . 
 we ca n't defeat it . '' 
 `` we have to try , '' grubbs growls . 
 `` we got the better of it once-we can beat it again . 
 i 'll unleash more of the power of the kah-gash next time . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i snort . 
 `` we do n't have bec . 
 it 's just you and me now . '' 
 `` we 'll rescue her , '' grubbs says , as if it 's the simplest thing in the world . 
 `` lord loss wo n't kill her . 
 he 'll want to torment her first . 
 i 'm guessing he 'll return to his kingdom to wait for the shadow , and he 'll take her with him . '' 
 `` what if he does ? '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` we ca n't fight him there . 
 we 'd stand no chance of defeating a demon master on his home turf . '' 
 `` maybe not , '' grubbs agrees curtly , `` but we have to try . 
 everyone 's depending on us . 
 meera died for this . 
 dervish will be dead soon too . 
 beranabus and bill-e . 
 all the others who 've given their lives . 
 they ca n't have died for nothing . 
 we fight on until the demons kill us all . 
 only then do we stop . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` if i stay here and perish , the demons will conquer the universe completely . 
 i should n't have come back at all , but i did , for one last stab at success . 
 we tried and failed . 
 the ark is all that 's left . '' 
 i reach out and squeeze grubbs 's arm . 
 `` come with me . 
 they 'll welcome you . 
 you can help us keep the ark safe from demons , ensure it never falls to lord loss and his stinking kind . 
 it 's the best we can do . 
 staying here is pointless . 
 the fight has moved on . 
 we have to move with it . '' 
 `` abandon our world ? '' 
 grubbs sneers . 
 `` leave bec in the clutches of lord loss ? 
 run while the demons are weak ? 
 never ! 
 they 've lost their master . 
 the army will split . 
 they 'll fight with each other and return to their own realms . 
 we can harry them , hit hard , drive the fear of the kah-gash into them . 
 this is n't the end-it 's the beginning . 
 we have the advantage . 
 now 's the time to press it home and make sure that even if death does return , it has no army to support it . '' 
 `` that wo n't work , '' i say impatiently . 
 `` death 's stronger than us , and it 's eternal . 
 no matter what we do , it will rise again , recruit new followers , and lead them to victory . 
 it 's over . '' 
 i stand and roll my neck . 
 i want to sleep so badly . 
 but i 'll wait until i find raz , then sleep as we travel to the ark . 
 forcing off the waves of pain and weariness , i focus on the lights in the air around me and think about raz in the chamber on atlantis . 
 as patches blink , i start the long , laborious job of piecing them together . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 grubbs grunts . 
 `` you 're just going to leave us ? '' 
 `` it will take several hours to open the window . 
 i 'll be here when you get back . 
 you can decide then if you want to come with me or - '' `` what about kirilli ? '' 
 i wince . 
 `` damn . 
 i forgot . '' 
 the stage magician is resting , eyes closed , breathing heavily . 
 i let thoughts of raz slip from my head and think about a hospital instead . 
 it only takes a few minutes to open this window . 
 when it 's ready , i ask grubbs if he 'll help me carry kirilli through . 
 `` leave it to me , '' he says , then picks up the wounded disciple , slings him over his shoulder like a slab of meat , and steps through before the groggy kirilli has a chance to say goodbye . 
 while grubbs is gone , i think about what i 'm going to say when he returns . 
 i have to warn him about bec , tell him what the old creatures cautioned . 
 i recall the way lord loss eased up on her and i realize why i felt so troubled . 
 it looked like they were going to stop fighting , as if she 'd said something to make peace with him . 
 could she have betrayed us like nadia did ? 
 i need to alert grubbs to the threat before he races after her . 
 maybe she does n't want to be rescued . 
 maybe she 's on their side now . 
 as i 'm trying to decide where bec 's loyalties lie , grubbs steps back through the window . 
 i prepare myself to argue with him again , but he smiles and waves my protests away before i can voice them . 
 `` you 're right , '' he chuckles . 
 `` you have to go . 
 i was n't thinking straight . '' 
 i sigh with relief . 
 `` will you come with me ? '' 
 i 'm hoping he says yes . 
 accepting my role on the ark will be hard . 
 it would be a lot easier if i did n't have to face it alone . 
 `` my place is here , '' he says . 
 `` dervish , bec , shark ... those are the people i care about . 
 i do n't care about other worlds . 
 i 'll fight and i 'll die , and if that 's not enough , at least i 'll have done all that i could . 
 that 's what matters most , is n't it , doing all you can , regardless of the consequences ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i smile and extend a hand . 
 `` no hard feelings ? '' 
 `` none , '' grubbs says , taking my hand in one of his huge , hairy paws . 
 his smile fades . 
 `` but you might have some . '' 
 i frown curiously . 
 grubbs is gripping my hand tightly . 
 `` what do you - '' before i can complete the question , grubbs slashes at my face with his other hand . 
 the sharp , bloody , jagged nails that he was gutting demons with just minutes earlier carve my left eye open . 
 as it pops and i howl with shock and agony , he sweeps his hand back in the opposite direction and rips my right eye out . 
 then he lets me go . 
 i fall to the floor screaming , and blindly try to scoop the contents of my ruined eyes back into their sockets . 
 `` i did n't enjoy that , '' grubbs says , his words only barely penetrating my veil of screams . 
 `` but you agreed-regardless of the consequences . 
 i need you , kernel . 
 i ca n't fight on without you . 
 so you 're staying . 
 end of story . '' 
 `` my eyes ! '' 
 i bellow , lashing out furiously , hoping to strike him dead . 
 `` give me back my eyes , you son of a - '' `` ca n't , '' grubbs says calmly . 
 `` but what i will do , once i 'm done with dervish and we 've had time to patch up our wounds , get our breath back , and link up with support troops , is open a window back to the universe of the demonata . 
 you 'll be able to build another pair of eyes there . 
 and then you 'll use them to find bec and help me rescue her . '' 
 `` you 're insane ! '' 
 i holler , swinging for him again . 
 `` come here so i can kill you ! '' 
 `` there 'll be plenty of time for killing , '' grubbs says , backing away . 
 `` forget your crazy ark . 
 i 'm your keeper now . 
 all other bets are off . '' 
 `` come back ! '' 
 i yell , stumbling after him and falling . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're doing . 
 you 're handing victory to them . 
 we ca n't trust bec . 
 she 'll betray us . 
 lord loss will be waiting . 
 death will ... '' i stop . 
 i 've been shouting to myself . 
 i can hear grubbs scrabbling up the rope ladder with dervish , ignorant of my cries . 
 apart from the werewolves , which are still snacking on the insect demon 's remains , i 'm alone . 
 abandoned and blind , i strike the floor pitifully , then moan softly and lower my face into the blood and dust , wishing the roof would cave in and finish me off . 
 if i still had eyes , i 'd weep , not for myself , but for the multitudes of creatures who 'll have nowhere to hide when their worlds burn . 
 `` what the hell have we done ? '' 
 i sob . 
