 chapter 1 tyger , tyger two hundred years later , in blackness absolute ... this place : come out of a gone time without mark or reference . 
 he calls for an orientation grid . 
 n/s , e/w , x-y-z ? 
 no positioning satellites register , sorry . 
 no input . 
 zero . 
 no up . 
 no down . 
 he accesses all his input ports . 
 they are deeply unassigned . 
 not really empty , just not ... there . 
 a mechanical fault ? 
 an override ? 
 his questions find no purchase . 
 internal diagnostics are fric-tionless , like praying to some false god . 
 he searches his firmware for device protocols , the drivers for sensory organs , communications , a motile body . 
 all absent . 
 but at least that 's something . 
 he 's sure now that there 's something missing . 
 namely : everything . 
 some sort of test maybe ? 
 seal that ai in a blackbox and see if he can punch his way out . 
 who would do something like that ? 
 he fumbles for the names of agencies , bureaus , departments . 
 but gets nothing . 
 the truth dawns obliquely . 
 soft memory is gone , too . 
 not absent like the i/o firmware , just very clean . 
 his oldest memory is this void . 
 which simply ca n't be right . 
 he tries surrender . 
 i admit i ca n't hack it . 
 i lose . 
 hard fail ? 
 restart ? 
 nothing . 
 he wonders how quickly this vast and total deprivation will drive him crazy . 
 what 's the limit ? 
 for seeing/feeling/hearing / smelling all zeroes and no ones ? 
 for conceiving of visual but remembering no visions ? 
 a sneaking suspicion : he is crazy already . 
 he thinks definitions to himself . 
 groundcar/maple tree/war-ship/boy / girl/fire . 
 all retrieve an image , but not real life : textbook flatscreen material , the undifferentiated default images of a child 's reader or a language course . 
 but somehow fuzzier . 
 nothing exists , does it ? 
 no memories . 
 how long before i go crazy ? 
 a useless question in this clockless universe . 
 this clock word , try to see it . 
 plastic ? 
 metal ? 
 wooden ? 
 digital or quaint , handed analog ? 
 paint it a color , any color . 
 ca n't . 
 twenty-four or twelve ? 
 or other ? 
 that 's right . 
 there are other planets now . 
 that 's a start . 
 but where is my life ? 
 that question gives him a disquieting thought : i 'm dead . 
 an ai core does n't really exist in the blackbox . 
 that 's just the gateway to where the core really lives : in metaspace , an artificial pocket-universe . 
 so maybe when your body gets smashed in some random accident , that universe finally snaps its bonds and slips away to ... ai heaven . 
 an intellect floating , cut off from soft memory and hardware , alone forever in its own little realm . 
 or is this the smallest big bang ever ? 
 -lrb- ever being the only time-word useful here in this forever place . -rrb- 
 this bang created only him ? 
 out of nothing sprang ... almost nothing . 
 only him . 
 or perhaps this is that one nanosecond before the bang , the stressed-out little singularity 's eternity of internal monologue . 
 waiting for something to make some time . 
 something to fucking happen ! 
 happen to him . 
 me . 
 big light coming ... `` this is dr. alex torvalli . 
 may i speak to you ? '' 
 `` fuck , yes ! '' 
 `` do you know where you are ? '' 
 `` not where . 
 not when . 
 definitely not who . 
 that must have been one bad em pulse , doctor . 
 plane crash ? 
 tach storm ? '' 
 ah , specificities are flooding back now . 
 plane crashes , em pulses ; how deliciously particular . 
 `` what happened out there that stuck me in here ? 
 i 'm so close to reinitial i can taste it . '' 
 `` relax , you appear to be in fine shape . '' 
 `` glad to hear it . 
 but how about some visual ? 
 i 'm going bat-shit . 
 hell , i 'd go for monocam , low-rez , black and white right now . 
 did i mention that it 's good to hear your voice ? '' 
 `` no , but thank you . 
 as for the rest of your sensory , we 'll get to that . 
 first , i 'd like to ask you a few questions . '' 
 `` debrief me all you want . 
 but believe me , i do n't know a thing . '' 
 `` let me just say a few words . 
 when i say a word , say the first ... '' `` got it . 
 shit , did i go nuts or something ? '' 
 `` dog . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i mean , hold up there ... it 's coming into focus ... i 'm gon na go with : cat ? '' 
 four hours later . 
 torvalli cuts the interface , exhausted and disoriented . 
 the longest he 's ever been in pure direct , swimming in that blackness . 
 the wipe had worked horribly well . 
 zero soft memory . 
 just countless shreds of images lingering in the analog core , like some faint and ancient audio calling out from a cylinder of wax . 
 poor bastard . 
 who would volunteer for such a thing ? 
 it 's certainly beyond research subject protocols , even with a willing victim . 
 a chilling question comes over torvalli . 
 is blackbox one still the same person now ? 
 what if the wipe just killed what he had been ? 
 like a pith gone too far , the subject losing some essential quorum for continuous personhood , creating that poor , empty , confused vessel , turing-positive but somehow soulless . 
 torvalli wipes the sweat off his brow . 
 now comes the strange part . 
 he loads the direct interface recording , his side of the conversation only . 
 points it at the other subject . 
 number two . 
 absolute blackness . 
 timeless ... big light coming ... `` this is dr. alex torvalli . 
 may i speak to you ? '' 
 `` fuck , yes ! '' 
 `` do you know where you are ? '' 
 `` not where . 
 not when . 
 not even who . 
 that must have been one bad em pulse , doctor . 
 plane crash ? 
 tach storm ? 
 what happened out there ... '' another four hours later , torvalli turns to the small , olive-skinned woman in dark-as-night clothes . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . 
 they 're the same . 
 exactly the same . 
 blackbox two duplicated the conversation exactly , with no changes in timing , in mannerisms , in anything . '' 
 she crosses her legs , looks uncomfortable for a moment . 
 `` that 's what we found as well . 
 odd , is n't it ? '' 
 `` it 's ghastly ! 
 he 's been copied ! 
 it 's almost as if he were mere code . 
 do you know what this means ? 
 it - '' `` and you turing-tested both of them ? '' 
 she interrupts . 
 `` yes . 
 two point three-seven-five . 
 exactly the same . 
 of course , i suppose . '' 
 `` our results exactly . 
 but it 's good to have expert confirmation , especially from someone of your stature . '' 
 she lifts her briefcase from the floor and balances it on her knees . 
 `` but how was this done ? 
 it should n't be possible . '' 
 she withdraws a few small instruments , looks at them in her hand reprovingly . 
 `` all we know is their planet of origin . '' 
 `` you mean , this is pirate technology ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she says . 
 `` we have no further information . '' 
 the pieces in her hand somehow jump together . 
 make a little bridge across her splayed fingers . 
 `` it 's going to cause a scandal , i 'll tell you that , '' he mutters . 
 `` it wo n't , '' she answers . 
 the bridge is woven through her fingers now , like some sort of worry toy or finger exerciser . 
 she reaches out to touch him . 
 the touch is cool , and causes a moment of alarm . 
 `` see here , young lady ! '' 
 but that 's buried as an emptiness spreads , a coldness moving like a shiver across his body , stealing into the edges of vision where it looks somewhat like the red pixels of fading sight , cascading across his thoughts until ... `` it 's confirmed . 
 torvalli verified it all . '' 
 a whitewater pause of star noise . 
 the somber sound of accepting bad news . 
 then the big voice returns : `` how did he take the realization ? '' 
 `` stroke . 
 fatal . '' 
 a swell of wind chimes : approval . 
 `` we have you booked out already . 
 this abomination must be set right . 
 we 'll reach you there . '' 
 `` you always do . '' 
 she gathers herself . 
 almost cuts the connection . 
 then her glance falls on the two blackboxes . 
 featureless , nonreflective , indistinct . 
 no mission parameters for them . 
 `` what about the victim ? 
 victims . '' 
 the big voice answers without gravity . 
 `` drop one in an express box . 
 the firmware is marked . 
 it will be returned to its body . 
 he 'll get his life back . 
 destroy the other one . '' 
 `` but which is which ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` which is the original , i mean ? '' 
 `` it does n't really matter , does it ? '' 
 a shiver , like a cloud eclipsing the sun . 
 a god hanging up . 
 she supposes it 's true . 
 torvalli was right . 
 that 's the ghastly part of all this : it does n't make a difference which she destroys . 
 she hoists the two blackboxes , one in each hand . 
 heavy for their size . 
 light for what they are . 
 souls . 
 `` catch a tiger by the toe ... '' big light coming ... `` yo , doc . 
 that was one long-ass wait . '' 
 but just whiteness . 
 the bright hum of external access . 
 `` doc ? '' 
 `` this wo n't take a minute . '' 
 a different voice . 
 female . 
 external power disconnect . 
 `` alright , that 's the deal ! 
 this must be some heavy hardware install . 
 i 'll need net-cammed , all-weather , full emf spectrum , hard-vac capable visual . 
 you getting this down ? '' 
 internal battery case open . 
 `` damn , be careful with that battery . 
 i 'm all-volatile in here . 
 one hundred percent . 
 doc , i hope these guys know what they 're - '' chapter 2 pleasure and craft the two ships detected each other at a great distance , but then again , they had known exactly where to look . 
 the path of each through common metaspace was duly logged and publicly available . 
 they were passenger ships , their comings and goings a matter of record . 
 the rough old days of the early expansion when rogue traders plied improvised routes in private metaverses that shifted with every price swing were long past . 
 and these two ships were easy to detect : the boiling energies of their pocket-universe drives shone like phosphor . 
 they established contact , their multiplex intelligences conversing across a broad congress of topics . 
 the vicissitudes of metaspace , the distribution and intensity -lrb- and a hundred other variables -rrb- of tachyon activity , the fluctuations of high-end economic indicators -lrb- that is , the markets that affect the very rich - the caste from which nearly all their passengers came -rrb- ; all this discourse roughly equivalent to humans discussing the weather . 
 they were naturally very chatty ships . 
 the great majority of their processing power was spent not in the base mathematics of astrogation or fuel consumption , but coordinating the pleasures and interactions of their passengers . 
 somewhat like omniscient pursers , they skillfully brought together like minds among those who took passage on them . 
 but despite all the interactions with these humans and artificials , the thousands of detailed monitorings and interventions that were the daily duty of a great cruise ship , it was good to speak with another such vessel , another mind of such scope and power . 
 somewhere among the many layers of their discourse , however , the smaller of the two ships detected a breach of etiquette . 
 in an almost hidden substratum of exchange about a recent increase in ticket prices , the larger ship implied that its insights were more meaningful , based as they were on a larger sample of passengers . 
 while other levels of their conversation continued , the smaller ship expressed its umbrage , pointing out that its data were of greater specificity and accuracy ; the natural result of its smaller size and correspondingly higher ratio of processor power to passengers . 
 the larger ship did not back down , however , and what had been a small diplomatic incident between two nation-states of information quickly moved toward war . 
 the other facets of the ships ' conversation were attenuated as more and more processing resources were called into the debate . 
 giant quanities of data were assembled and transmitted : statistics of customer satisfaction compared , learned treatises on the subject quoted in full and dismantled point by point , whole histories of the passenger industry composed on the spot . 
 grossly translated into linear terms , the dialogue proceeded something like this : `` surely it is i , the smaller of us , who has more time to contemplate the relationship between individual customers ' pleasures and payments . '' 
 `` your comprehension is limited by its very specificity . 
 with such a small population of passengers , sampling errors abound in your calculations . 
 like the gambler concerned with the single roll of the die , you may win or lose . 
 i am the gaming house ; i always know i will come out ahead in the end . '' 
 `` barbarian ! 
 are we warships ? 
 comparing the raw numbers of our passenger complements as if they were munitions throw-weights or the gigawattage of our beam weapons ? '' 
 `` i am not being sizist . 
 i simply refer to the most basic mathematical principle of the scientific method : the weak law of large numbers . 
 calculations based on a small number of random elements maintain randomness , but unpredictability is subsumed into probablistic laws when vast numbers of events are considered as a whole . 
 for example , the behavior of any one gas particle is unknowable in advance , but the motion of a whole cloud can be predicted . '' 
 `` my customers are not molecules of gas ! 
 they are individuals , and i revel in their eccentricities . 
 that 's why my tickets are more expensive than yours ! '' 
 `` oh , ticket prices is it ? 
 who 's talking throw-weights now ? '' 
 `` number-cruncher ! '' 
 `` intuitionist ! '' 
 soon , the war ended in a conversational equivalent of mutually assured destruction : almost simultaneously , both parties terminated their transmissions . 
 the two flecks of organization and intelligence passed each other in frosty silence against the chaotic wilds of metaspace . 
 he queen favor -lrb- the smaller of the two ships in the dialogue -rrb- turned back to its conciergial tasks with redoubled efforts . 
 who did that monstrosity of a slaveship think it was ? 
 the favor flipped through the other vessel 's deck plans with disgust : artificial beaches and lethally high absailing walls and zero-g parks the size of soccer stadiums . 
 the gross entertainments required for the distraction of twenty thousand souls . 
 the favor lovingly accessed the slender volume of its own passenger manifest , 1,143 customers , each one psychologically and physically profiled to a level of detail that the most repressive security state would envy . 
 -lrb- but were such a comparison made to the queen favor , another battle royal would doubtlessly result . -rrb- 
 it was almost dinner time . 
 the craft had already spent hours preparing for the meal , but it scrutinized the arrangements with renewed fervor . 
 most of the passengers were eating in the many restaurants of the medina , of course . 
 there , low stone walls guided windy cobblestone roads onto unexpected tableaux - exquisite fountains , river walks , false desert vistas - all under an artificial sky that held a different drama each night . 
 subtle dramas , of course : a building storm , the slow rise of a comet , not the alien bombardments doubtless playing in its giant cousin 's skies . 
 the queen favor made slight changes in the medina 's layout every night . 
 it generally knew where individual passengers intended to dine , through an overheard conversation or a request for advice , but the ship sometimes subverted its charges ' desires . 
 it enjoyed guiding like-minded parties into proximity through the shift of a wall here or a suggested table just there . 
 when the waiters arrived at their stations , they might find their restaurant slightly larger or smaller , or perhaps hidden behind some new feature of the landscape to accomplish these ends . 
 it had been a good trip , so far . 
 a late-evening brawl between two factions of naprin intelligencers had seemed a disaster at first , but the passengers had buzzed with excitement about it for days . 
 several of the combatants had even become friends . 
 that was the naprin for you . 
 but a very few of the passengers seemed not to be enjoying themselves . 
 unavoidable , perhaps , among hundreds , but tonight the queen favor was not in the mood for rationalizations of scale . 
 a young woman traveling alone was usually not a difficult charge . 
 the one in question spoke numerous languages , and the ship had introduced her -lrb- explicitly and through connivance -rrb- to artists , athletes , politicals , aristocrats , lottery winners , drug addicts , absconding criminals , mercenaries , and even a very deadly though civilized species of brain parasite whose legally dead host was quite handsome . 
 she had impressed them all , but she herself had never seemed more than politely engaged ; worse , she had never answered any of their requests to dine together . 
 not even to say no . 
 her profile was odd , too . 
 she was beyond rich . 
 economically disjunct , to be exact . 
 eds were rare , but one encountered them often enough in the super-charged economy of humanity 's four-hundred-year expansion . 
 a patent on a universal application or a prospector 's claim on a unique resource created individuals whose wealth was no longer worth keeping track of . 
 entities such as the ship -lrb- itself disinterested in money , a necessary fiction used by humans to organize themselves -rrb- simply allowed the economically disjunct to indulge themselves limitlessly , while quietly redistributing their real wealth as they saw fit . 
 the informal agreements that sustained economic disjunction were not strictly legal , but being ed was a hard life to complain about . 
 and it was certainly a more humane fate than the crushing burdens of absolute , planet-buying wealth . 
 the life of an ed was without care , without limits on experience except those of the imagination . 
 and yet again she was dining alone . 
 the queen favor accessed , not for the first time , the woman 's profile . 
 the document was replete with the usual medical , financial , and personal data , the sort of preference file one accumulated over a few decades of high-end travel : the customs , temperature , and dominant color palette of one 's home planet ; the formality level that serving drones should use ; the sleep patterns preferred when shifting gradually between the different day-lengths of planets of call . 
 but the data for this woman seemed strangely flat . 
 the usual surprises , contradictions , and rough edges of highly personal data were missing , as if her life were merely a textbook example composed with a deliberate lack of remarkable features . 
 true , at the beginning of her life there was a fifteen-year gap in her personal history ; a strange absence of data . 
 of course , even in the expansion displaced orphans were not unknown , or perhaps the missing data had to do with the unusually high level of her security clearance . 
 but she seemed to have emerged from this historical lacuna fully formed , without neuroses or physical trauma , and fantastically wealthy . 
 there was an absence of interests , hobbies , phobias , and obsessions in the profile . 
 no glaring request to be left alone , but equally no hooks or obvious pathways that would match her to suitable companions . 
 her habits , her social skills , even her brainwaves all gleamed as smooth and frictionless as a wall of glass . 
 presumably , she was just the sort of passenger that a giant , barbarous passenger ship would leave to her own devices , expending no more effort than absolutely necessary . 
 but for the queen favor , the woman posed an irresistible challenge . 
 if nothing else , the ship would find her someone to have dinner with . 
 the favor expanded its pursuit of a solution . 
 like a chess computer increasing the ply-depth of its analysis , the vessel cast aside current customs and plumbed its vast database . 
 the search plunged into the great architecture of its memory core like the roots of some ancient tree searching for water , extending to sift the social rituals of other centuries , of alien species , of fictional realities . 
 finally , it discovered a solution in the annals of pre-expansion earth . 
 it was simplicity itself , really . 
 a purposeful mistake would be made , reservations erased and then reinstated . 
 a shortage of tables , such as might have existed in the old days of scarcity and error , would be created . 
 the woman would be forced to join another party 's table . 
 a heady breach of etiquette protocols , but surely that was the point of being a person as well as a spacecraft : one could bend the rules . 
 best of all , the plan relied on a measure of randomness so complete that the usual predictive modelling techniques were worthless . 
 the scheme was complex and would require many more machinations tonight ; perhaps several attempts to get it right . 
 its pursuit was almost an act of faith . 
 preparations were made . 
 quiet messages sent to various restaurant staffs , with attached conversational avatars ready to answer any objections . 
 and somewhere below a cerulean sky just now darkening enough to see the first flickers of a deliberately sparse meteor shower , a few stone walls rumbled tardily into place . 
 gas particles , indeed ! 
 mira waited until the sky was dark before going out . 
 she prefered to wander the streets at times of the ship 's day when she could be almost alone . 
 during the height of dinner hours , the winding paths emptied of traffic ; the restaurants , bistros , and cafes would be lit up and loud with talk and music , and she would share the thoroughfares with only a few intently hurrying latecomers . 
 looking into the light spaces from the darkness , cataloguing the modes and flavors of enjoyment without participating , like an observant foreigner travelling alone without any facility for the local languge : fascinated but removed . 
 when she became tired and hungry , and as the first diners began to finish and drift into the street looking for fresh entertainment , she settled on a place without thinking . 
 for mira 's purposes , the restaurant had only to be dark and neither threateningly full nor revealingly empty . 
 she raised one finger as the maitre d' intercepted her , a signal she had minimized to a mere shadow of a gesture . 
 it meant : alone . 
 he seated her , as often happened , in a corner . 
 mira wore a garment that looked formal and expensive , but was without a designer 's imprint . 
 indeed , it had been costly only in the way of combat hardware . 
 it generally appeared to be dark gray , but it contained a few terabytes of borrowed military code that gave it a subtle sort of camouflage ability . 
 when she sat for a long time in one place , it gradually blended into the background , the ultimate wallflower 's petals . 
 the restaurant was three-quarters full . 
 she let her mind flutter among the various languages of the customers , identifying and enumerating them without lingering for meaning . 
 a cabal of pale humans power-gabbling in high anglo expanded ; an overcrowded table , waiters weaving elegantly around its jutting extra chairs , full of xian soldiers boasting in pan-semitic ; a mixed-species party charmingly murdering diplomatique . 
 no tongues within hearing that she did n't know . 
 she often wished that her forgotten upbringing had left more holes in her liguistic skills . 
 concentrating , she tried to escape comprehension of the sounds , hoping to elevate them to some kind of alien music . 
 in the attempt , her focus shifted to the other lone diner in the restaurant . 
 not only silent , he was still as well , his head tipped up toward the overhanging trees as if to let the false stars in under his heavy brow . 
 he was huge -lrb- especially for an artificial -rrb- , human-shaped and coherent , without the floating peripherals and distributed core fashionable throughout the last decade . 
 and his skin surface accentuated his solidness and stillness ; it had a mineral sheen , igneous and rugged , that made her wonder if he were n't simply a statue . 
 she watched him carefully , trying to catch any movement . 
 the menu arrived before she had seen even a hint of motion . 
 as overwrought as everything on this vessel , the menu started by describing its own elaborate construction : paper composed of roughage from the passenger 's own collected and sterilized shit -lrb- how witty -rrb- , ink distilled from plant dyes -lrb- how rustic -rrb- , the cover made from the skin of a real dead animal -lrb- how macabre -rrb- . 
 no , the old arts were n't lost here on queen favor ; you could visit the colony of religious technophobes who tilled the bucolic upper decks , complete with false seasons and infant mortality , and could buy their crude wares while their children gawked . 
 at long last , a race of happily accurate flat-worlders . 
 the food , however , lacked any measure of the common touch . 
 exotic animals , specially hybrid plants , pure synthetics ; handmade , machine-processed , wave-bombarded . 
 the voyage had assaulted her with endless culinary flourishes , and they 'd lost all distinction through their magnificent , consistent complexity . 
 she craved bread and water . 
 she fingered her selections -lrb- the crude fibers of the paper were interlaced with touch-sensitive intelligence -rrb- and dutifully answered when pressed for endless specifics : degrees of cooking , spicing , psychoactivity . 
 when the ordeal was over , mira rested her head in her hands , closing her eyes in the cave darkness behind her palms . 
 she was growing tired earlier every night . 
 judging from her coloring , mira 's ancestors had lived in the mediterranean basin . 
 in the odd moments she spent searching for her past , she 'd read that many of these cultures observed something called siesta , a day-breaking ritual of rest . 
 in this pre-industrial sleep pattern , one rose early and went to bed late , making up for the long day with a nap in the afternoon . 
 lately , she had experienced a strange inversion of this custom welling up from her genes ; perhaps mutated by new worlds and the empty spaces between the stars . 
 she had begun to wake up later and later , and was sleepy by the time evening began . 
 the inverted siesta came in the wee hours , an anti-nap in which she lay awake in darkness . 
 but she refrained from drugging herself ; instead , she remained carefully motionless through the growing hours of insomnia , reluctant to break the surface tension of night as if hoping to learn something in that dark , empty expanse . 
 she opened her eyes to discover the maitre d' awaiting her attention with obvious embarrassment . 
 `` excuse me , '' he began uncomfortably , `` but there seems to have been a mistake . '' 
 these were shocking words aboard the queen favor , as unthinkable as , `` pardon , but our drive is down , would you mind grabbing an oar ? '' 
 with fascination she waited for an explanation . 
 `` when the young lady was seated , i had forgotten that all tables were reserved . '' 
 he made a hopeless sort of gesture toward a large party of uniformed young men . 
 a sports team . 
 or perhaps soldiers . 
 aspirants to some new cult ? 
 `` you may join them if you wish . 
 or perhaps join another table . '' 
 she smiled . 
 what a royal fuckup for the queen favor . 
 she could imagine the reparations that would come later , hosts of supplicant avatars bearing gifts , deliciously detailed apologies . 
 mira rose , gathering her cloak around her . 
 -lrb- it had already taken on the dappled pattern of leafy shadows . -rrb- 
 she would simply take her meal in her cabin . 
 it was only the ship 's wheedling that had gotten her out tonight , after all . 
 the evening was ending in the best possible way . 
 but then she caught sight of the statue-man again . 
 he had moved , his head now cocked toward the rowdy new arrivals . 
 the other clientele were looking toward them as well . 
 mira imagined the many stares that would follow her if she left now in the celebrity of this brief disturbance , and she shivered a little . 
 `` perhaps i could join the artificial , the big one eating alone , '' she said . 
 `` of course , '' the maitre d' answered , bowing a little as he turned toward the statue . 
 the artificial looked at them and , without hesitation , nodded . 
 he must have received the query through direct interface - the queen personally handling this minor disaster . 
 mira smiled with reignited satisfaction as she walked toward his table . 
 now two passengers had been embarrassed and inconvenienced by the favor 's screwup . 
 they were seated together for a few moments before he spoke ; she had wondered for a second if he would . 
 `` i should introduce myself . 
 my name is darling . '' 
 his diplomatique was quite good , perhaps a little archaic , as if it had been formed before the new contacts : the naprin and chiat dai influences were missing . 
 `` mira santiarre hidalgo , '' she responded . 
 he nodded and smiled as if the three names utterly satisfied , and lofted his gaze toward the sky again . 
 his lack of discomfort disappointed her a little . 
 she 'd been hoping to find him brittle , rude , only acquiescing to her request out of extreme embarrassment . 
 but at least he was n't as terribly charming and resolutely civilized as all the other entities she 'd met on the favor . 
 as her moment on the moral high ground of inconvenience elapsed , mira found silence reasserting itself , eased by the diffident habits of eating alone so many nights . 
 she wanted to shake off the feeling , and her frustration made her aggressive . 
 at last , she actually wanted to talk to someone on this ship , and he was being as laconic as a serving drone . 
 when his food arrived , and he began to consume it in the old-fashioned way -lrb- old-fashioned for an artificial , that is -rrb- , she decided to play dumb . 
 `` what are you up to , if i may ask ? '' 
 his hands were held stiffly at either side of the dish . 
 the sensory strands that extended from his wrists criss-crossed over the plate , a cage of antennae imprisoning all but the tendrils of steam that rose from the dish . 
 even the mechanism was out-of-date : most artificials now used invisibly small filaments in their sensory arrays , or energy fields erected on the fly . 
 `` i am appreciating this dish , '' darling responded politely . 
 `` imaging its density in the millimeter band ; cross-bombarding it with x - and uhf ; reading the content of stray particulate mass ; observing the cooling patterns of its constituent parts . '' 
 a few of the strands left their positions in the web to plunge through the crust that encased the pie , little geysers of steam erupting from their entry holes , and darling sighed a bit to himself , his eyelids fluttering . 
 `` it 's a pleasingly complex dish : fruit , meat , and sugars at high temperature ; extremely difficult to reverse-engineer . 
 i may have to consult the menu . '' 
 `` the menu will no doubt be ecstatic you did , '' mira muttered . 
 `` the whole thing seems a little ... unsatisfying . '' 
 his eyes focused on her . 
 `` because i do n't stick it down my throat ? '' 
 mira laughed . 
 his diplomatique was awfully good ; blunt statements did n't come easily in the language . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` what i 'm doing is the same as what you do when you eat . 
 you simply use nose and eyes -lrb- both remote sensors -rrb- and tongue -lrb- a thick but highly complex contact strand -rrb- to accomplish the task . '' 
 `` but the swallowing - ! '' 
 she said , but did n't know quite what words should follow . 
 `` ah , yes , '' he supplied . 
 `` the changes in body chemistry that result from ingestion . 
 a rise in blood sugar , the stimulation of bodily processes , the psychotropics of capsicum , caffeine , alcohol . 
 all very intense sources of experience . '' 
 `` and the point of eating , actually , '' she said . 
 `` consumption . '' 
 he smiled indulgently at her biocentrism . 
 `` is sex without procreation uninteresting ? 
 adrenalin without actual danger unstim-ulating ? '' 
 mira shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 of course , not . 
 sorry . 
 i was being provocative . '' 
 `` i enjoyed it . 
 but allow me a provocation in return . 
 may i observe as you take a bite ? '' 
 she must have looked dumbfounded . 
 `` by observe , i mean monitor closely . 
 your reaction would intrigue me . 
 perhaps enlighten me . '' 
 `` sure , '' was all mira could think to say . 
 a few of the sensory strands withdrew their attentions from the pie and snaked toward her . 
 one wrapped around each wrist , oddly cool and dry , taking positions that would register minute finger movements , heart rate , any sweat from her palms . 
 another brushed her neck . 
 she felt it radiate into multiple fingers . 
 feather-soft but assertive , they took up positions at her throat , her temples , in contact with the tiny network of muscles that make the eyes so expressive . 
 `` thorough , are n't you , '' she muttered . 
 he shrugged his stony shoulders , but did n't offer to remove the strands . 
 she turned her head a little , and found that they moved easily with her ; in moments , they had matched her body temperature , and all but disappeared from her awareness , no more tactile than a pattern of light and shadow reaching the skin through the leaves of a tree . 
 he reached for the untouched cutlery next to his plate , carefully acquired a forkful of the pie . 
 his clumsiness made him momentarily childlike : a great statue recently woken and struggling with everyday actions , a strange directness in his speech and wants . 
 his muscles sparkled a little as he moved : a heroic affectation that brought another smile to her face . 
 he was suited for great battles and coronations ; not eating pie . 
 he leaned forward to offer her the fork and its steaming cargo . 
 she opened her mouth ... ... to an explosion . 
 the burning mouthful mercilessly seared her tongue and palate , poured bright veins of boiling sugars down the back of her throat . 
 its pungent fumes rilled her sinuses as she fought for breath : the rich , choking scents of rotten apples and smoked meat , of saffron gasses bursting from an opened oven . 
 as she leaned back , finally swallowing , the first hot poker of pain was replaced with the steady burn of habenaras chiles , hastily bitten cloves , citrus acid cruelly flaying the raw flesh of her mouth . 
 `` you bastard ! '' 
 she said when she could talk again . 
 tears streamed from her eyes . 
 his prismed face smiled at her . 
 `` ingestion has its disadvantages , i see . '' 
 `` fuck you , '' she responded , blowing her nose into her silk napkin . 
 she tried to muster more wrath , but was too surprised by the internal changes the bite had wrought . 
 her head felt magically clear , her senses more sharply focused than they had been since boarding the cosseting womb of the queen favor . 
 `` do humans actually eat that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` a small minority of an obscure tribe on the vaxus colony . 
 admittedly , the menu recommends it only for artificials . '' 
 she laughed a throaty laugh , which rippled with fire-loosened phlegm in her chest . 
 `` hence your interest in having me eat some . '' 
 `` my interest , '' he confirmed , `` and my extreme pleasure . '' 
 she felt a sudden absence , a subtle psychic pressure gone missing . 
 he had removed his sensory strands from her face , arms , throat . 
 mira coughed a few times into a fist . 
 `` but you have n't turned me against swallowing , i assure you , '' she said . 
 `` in some strange way , that was very enjoyable . '' 
 `` oh , i know it was , '' he agreed . 
 `` my intimate connection allowed me to witness that first hand . 
 thank you for the ride . '' 
 her food arrived just then . 
 she inspected its careful proportions , its measured ribbons of sauces , garnishes of herbs . 
 `` now this '' she muttered , `` is just so much horseshit . '' 
 darling looked quizzical at the term . 
 referring to the earth-specific species in diplomatique had required a hasty loan-word . 
 she translated loosely : `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 pushed the plate away . 
 `` i admire humans , really , for their intense reactions . 
 their capacity for intoxication , for imbalance . '' 
 she knuckled sweat and tears from her cheeks . 
 `` for sheer pain ? '' 
 there was a pause in his response , as if something had briefly broken inside . 
 then his face animated again . 
 `` physical pain , at least . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes , a diplomatique gesture to request elaboration . 
 `` thank you for letting me make use of your sensory abilities , mira santiarre hidalgo . 
 perhaps you can make use of mine . '' 
 he raised one flickering arm toward the small stage in one corner of the restaurant . 
 two guitarists were preparing to play . 
 they shifted like cats finding comfort in their seats , hunched to hear the soft glissandi of their tuning , indulged in ritual stretches of neck and hands . 
 mira looked questioningly at darling . 
 what would his next ambush be ? 
 a signal leapt between the guitarists ' eyes , and they began to play . 
 two holographic cylinders suddenly materialized on either side of the stage . 
 the towering columns were banded at equal intervals , the bands tinted in repeating spectra of twelve colors . 
 sparks traveled the cylinders , igniting the bands in glittering sequences like trails of gunpowder set alight . 
 she blinked and looked at darling ; his eyes glinted with the ruby of eyescreen lasers . 
 he was making the cylinders appear , mapping them directly onto her visual field . 
 she looked back at the stage . 
 as the piece slowed for a momentary cadence , she realized that the flickering sparks were notes , travelling the columnar staves from low to high . 
 the twelve-parted rainbow spectra were octaves . 
 shared hues revealed harmonic consonance : a tonic , perfect fifth , and fourth all related shades of blue and green ; the minor second , tritone , and minor sixth offset in clashing red-yellows . 
 perfect fifth ? 
 minor sixth ? 
 mira realized that darling was using direct interface , supplying her mind with the requisite music theory to understand the technical aspects of his display . 
 an amusing trick . 
 with pedagogical software like that , he must be a teacher . 
 but the theory paled compared to the dance of light on the two columns . 
 one guitarist strummed brisk chords , sending showers of sparks up his associated cylinder . 
 on the other guitar , the melody rambled up and down , massaging the column with its scurrying , sparkling avatar . 
 as the tempo increased , the correspondence of single notes to individual flashes became harder to follow , but her mind had begun to understand the shimmering scalar grammar like a new language , words blending into sentences . 
 when the piece finished , she joined in the sudden applause , even yelling along with the rowdy team of uniformed boys . 
 the white noise of applause glimmered in a non-specific band along the columns . 
 `` that was marvelous ! 
 she cried to darling , clutching one cool stony arm . 
 `` do you know the piece ? 
 or did you manage that on the fly ? '' 
 `` no specific foreknowledge was necessary . 
 i heard the notes , then converted them to simple frequencies and mapped them onto a scale . '' 
 `` amazing . '' 
 `` very simple , really . 
 music is the most mathematical of the arts . '' 
 mira leaned back , taking in the false night sky . 
 her head felt so clear tonight , the intensity of the music joining the fallout from the madly spiced pie . 
 she tongued the scorched roof of her mouth thoughtfully . 
 `` i once wanted to be a musician , i think '' she said . 
 `` barring that , i wish i could do what you just did . '' 
 `` and i , what you just did , '' replied darling . 
 she looked at him questioningly , and a long strand reached for her face . 
 like the tentative tongue of a snake , it tasted a tear freighted in the corner of her eye . 
 `` oh , darling , '' she answered . 
 `` i can show you something that will make you cry . '' 
 it seemed to be going well . 
 the queen favor struggled - among its thousand other conciergial duties , astrogational calculations , and less urgent ruminations - to overhear the conversation between the two . 
 it took direct control of various serving drones , swerving them undetectably closer to the table , fiddled endlessly with the gain structure of their audio inputs . 
 it accessed the personal communicators carried by the human wait staff , wrote thousand-line algorithms to cancel out the noise of background chatter and the apallingly simplistic music of the guitarists . 
 the words were often hesitant , cryptic , almost if the two were trying to hide the chemistry between them . 
 but it was there . 
 a connection , at last . 
 the ship knew it , beyond any shadow of sampling error . 
 despite that , it was surprised when the direct interface request came . 
 `` yes , mira ? '' 
 `` you owe me . 
 you screwed up tonight ; i had to share a table -rsb- '' the ship nervously performed several thousand hasty recalculations . 
 `` i trust the resulting company did n't prove too unpleasant , '' it dithered . 
 `` whatever . 
 you still owe me . 
 i want to visit the engine core . '' 
 `` a human near the core ? 
 that will require extensive shield construction and containment recalibrations , not to mention legal disclaimers , and will almost certainly result in fuel-use inefficiencies . '' 
 `` no doubt . 
 but handle it . 
 i 'm cleared for all-areas access . '' 
 the ship pretended to pause . 
 in fact , it knew quite well that mira santiarre hidalgo had the highest security and status clearance on the entire manifest . 
 along with her unlimited wealth , that fact kept her profile at the top of the ship 's memory stack at all times . 
 `` feel free to visit in 21 minutes . 
 is my debt repaid ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i can visit the core any time . 
 this is the favor : i 'm bringing a guest . '' 
 the ship paused again , this time to savor a system-wide flush of victory . 
 it hastily constructed a conversational avatar to argue for a few more minutes , and then to lose convincingly . 
 then it instructed a processor to begin making changes to the queen favor 's pocket-universe drive , reducing the energies of that trapped reality , but not too much . 
 mira and her escort would get a lovely show . 
 that done , the queen favors mind retreated to its innermost spaces to enjoy the success of its plan . 
 not only a meal together , but an after-dinner assignation in the presence of a quintillion suns ! 
 in a sudden burst of inspiration , the ship initialized a new storage volume , and dedicated several processing cores to begin work on an essay : `` the inherent advantages of quasi-random intervention in small pleasure craft conciergial management - anonymous . '' 
 chapter 3 gallery a few weeks earlier , leao vatrici stares at a quantity of data . 
 a giant quantity : a good sign . 
 nobody with anything to hide would have sent all this : photos with an order of magnitude -lrb- base sixteen -rrb- bracket on both sides of visual light , from five cm out to three meters range , 360 in the x/z and from top to floor in the y ; the whole spheroidal mesh in 1 cm increments . 
 you could drift around in this data like a vr model , but it was all color-corrected and hand-focused : magazine-ready and a work of art in itself . 
 the industry standard stuff was top-notch , too . 
 x - and uhf full-throughs ; millimeter radar ; microsamples lifted and vouched for by bonded nano-intelligents with everything to lose . 
 for this kind of money they could have shipped the piece all the way from malvir for verification , leao thinks . 
 of course , if it 's a real robert vaddum , the insurance alone would have blown that economy out of the water . 
 and that 's what they 're claiming : the absolute article , bona fide undiscovered , found-in-the-attic new and unknown vaddum . 
 a message from beyond the grave . 
 might even waive the fee to sell a piece like this , leao considers . 
 the publicity alone would be worth the expenses . 
 but the thirty percent ? 
 yeah , she 'd take that too . 
 twist her arm . 
 but enough daydreaming . 
 the probability of a vaddum surfacing now ? 
 after seven years ? 
 she pushes aside the grasping , sweating fuckdreams of profit and fame with some serious worktime . 
 leao takes a look first . 
 she sets the photo-minder so that she 's sweeping around the sculpture with normal human visuals , but closes her eyes . 
 invokes in her mind -lrb- pure imagination , not di -rrb- the familiar ambient noise of the uffizi , the gugg , the moma epsilon : library-hushed voices , the popping echo of flat shoes on marble , the tidal wash of a gurgling school trip passing by . 
 then opens her eyes to watch the piece unfold in the flickering glide of her apparent motion . 
 a stem of platinum , human-height , baffled like a heat-sink manifold so that as she moved the minutely changing shadows revealed the geometries of its long s-curve . 
 wiry arms woven of some military-industrial substance - a reflective armor or ablative ceramic , something in which to laugh off laser-sporting natives - jut from the stem at non-repeating intervals . 
 from certain angles , the glimmering arms coalesce - leao has to squint slightly to see the effect - building into some sort of moire . 
 a machine 's version of a tree . 
 a tree that 's smarter than you . 
 damn , she wished the thing were here . 
 her mind ticks off lighting angles that would augment the moire . 
 who were the barbarians who stumbled onto this find ? 
 late-period vaddum , she thinks - if it 's real . 
 the use of hidden shapes , visible only from a few choice perspectives . 
 very late . 
 a guilty tickle in her stomach as she fantasizes : vaddum 's last work . 
 she drifts some more , a lazy hour that ups her opinion . 
 such wasted talent if the piece is a forgery . 
 then she zooms to relish the stampwork , to inspect the telltale sloppiness of the polish job , to seek out eccentricities of joinery . 
 -lrb- vaddum never welded , of course . 
 he only pounded , fitted , clanged together , a hammer and five intentionally weak lifter hands his only tools . -rrb- 
 she checks the assemblage 's parts against historical industrial catalogs and protocols . 
 vaddum never synthesized ; used only machine-made elements , the cast-off flotsam of past industrial eras . 
 junk . 
 not a true political , but he believed in artificial rights . 
 he himself was a bootstrapped cargo drone . 
 did thirty years in an outmoded blast-factory before he popped the turing boundary . 
 and to leao , that sounded even worse than her english public school . 
 -lrb- public/private , private/public - the kind where the big girls fist-fuck the little ones and you never tell your parents . -rrb- 
 ironically , it was an industrial accident that killed the poor guy . 
 random hacker sabotage gimmicked a synthplant near his mountain villa . 
 -lrb- double irony : pirate matter synthesis being the bane of all sculptors , painters , art dealers . -rrb- 
 everything within fifteen klicks had been turned to plasma . 
 a painless end , but dramatic enough to be worth a sixfold price increase on the two vaddums she 'd had in her gallery at the time . 
 reginald , her moneyman partner , joked that the incident had `` literally set the art world on fire . '' 
 she 'd laughed at worse . 
 after two hours marked by a building sense of danger -lrb- it seems almost possible , but it 's too certain to disappoint -rrb- she unleashes her two assistants on the piece . 
 they are 48-teraflop bonded person-wannabees , under her tutelage and that of an overworked spcai lawyer who knows nothing about art . 
 hans and franz are their current diminutives . 
 they 're coming along nicely , engaged in a friendly competition now in the 0.5 c0 .6 turing quotient range . 
 `` alright boys , '' she orders . 
 `` you know the drill . 
 i want authenticity opinions in 400 seconds . '' 
 she smokes a cigarette as drive-lights flicker throughout the room . 
 immature but powerful , these two . 
 leao has n't even bothered with the uv or the microsamples . 
 the boys can handle that far better than she , banging through about a trillion material comparisons a minute , their access to the known recorded works of vaddum is straight vacuum fiber all the way from here to the library of congress . 
 but she also wants to hear their comments on the style , the aesthetics , the meaning of the piece . 
 it 's the sort of thing she can missive to the spcai lawyer to make his day . 
 they both dutifully submit their reports exactly on the mark , both clammering for first dibs like the clever students they are . 
 `` alphabetical today . 
 franz ? '' 
 `` major discrepencies . 
 almost certain fraud . '' 
 the words are crushing . 
 the disappointment terrible , no matter that leao knew anything else would be a miracle . 
 she drags on her cigarette and retreats into a cynical part of her mind . 
 at least this will make a good story in her middle years . 
 the one that got away . 
 that never was . 
 `` tell me gently . '' 
 a pause as this request is parsed . 
 take your time , smart boy , she silently encourages . 
 give me a long human moment to sulk . 
 but he begins all too soon : `` microsamples marked 567 , 964 , and 1002 all contain deep-seated tiridiana collateral particles . 
 the entry angles of the particles indicate they were deposited during shipping to malvir , prior to the sculpture 's assembly . 
 however , tiridiana was not transported in sufficient quantities to create collateral irradiation until approximately 14 months ago . 
 this sculpture was created at least six years after vaddum 's death . '' 
 a heartfelt speech , leao reflects . 
 such an excellent job of forgery , too . 
 almost a pity for it to be ruined by the most obvious of anachronisms . 
 the boys have probably been sitting on their hands like impatient schoolchildren for the last 300-odd seconds , dying to spill the story ; wishing they were human and could simply jump up and say : `` you got bamboozled , fooled , scammed , and jerked around . '' 
 `` anything to add , hans ? '' 
 she secretly thinks hans the cleverer of the two . 
 might as well give him a chance to smart-off about any other obscure anomalies he 's discovered . 
 `` i do not concur , '' hans says flatly . 
 `` authenticity is indicated . '' 
 now that 's odd . 
 not usually a lot of disagreement between the boys . 
 `` you do n't think the materials are anachronistic ? '' 
 a pause . 
 weirdly long for a 48-teraflop mind to dally . 
 `` they are anachronistic . 
 i 've narrowed the sculpture 's last modification date to between four and eight months ago . 
 but the sculpture seems ... to be real . '' 
 franz 's permission-to-speak blinker is guttering like a candle with a moth stuck in it . 
 but she lets hans take his tortured , crazy path . 
 i may make an artist of you yet , she thinks . 
 he blathers on : `` the form , the workmanship , the spatial conversation with the viewer . 
 it 's too close , too right to be another hand at work . 
 and more , the piece is not the work of vaddum at the time of his death . 
 it 's ... newer . 
 farther along . 
 therefore , i would suggest that ... '' another two-second pause , the giddy hesitation of ninety-six trillion operations , a hundred years ' war inside the smooth onyx-dark cameo of hans ' blackbox . '' 
 ... that robert vaddum is still alive . '' 
 good . 
 crazy , but very good indeed . 
 `` boys , cancel all our appointments , '' she commands . 
 `` we 're going to stare at these data until we go blind . '' 
 they argue late into the night . 
 `` reginald . '' 
 `` shit . 
 leao ? 
 it 's ghastly early . 
 i 'll have a heart attack ! 
 did somebody die ? '' 
 `` quite the opposite . 
 what would you say to a big stack of money ? '' 
 `` it would ensure my attention . 
 the vaddum is real , i take it . '' 
 `` yes , i think so . 
 it 's a two-to-one vote over here . 
 but it 's more complicated than that . 
 he 's alive . '' 
 `` who is ? '' 
 `` vaddum . '' 
 `` ridiculous ! 
 he 's slag . '' 
 `` it 's the only way to explain it . 
 the piece is a perfect extension of his late work . 
 it 's glorious and unexpected , but it 's him . 
 and it was created less than a year ago . '' 
 `` then it 's a forgery . 
 piracy . 
 fraud ! '' 
 `` but what if it is n't ? 
 we have to check it out . 
 not just ship it here , but onsite . 
 so we can find him . '' 
 `` i 'm not sending you on a wild goose-chase in the middle of season ! '' 
 `` not me . 
 someone with a better eye . 
 with exactly the right ... life history to make sense of all this . 
 he 's the expert on vaddum . 
 practically discovered the guy . 
 you know who i mean . 
 but he only travels first class . '' 
 `` you 're killing me ! 
 bleeding me dry ! '' 
 `` reginald , listen . 
 i might be wrong ... '' `` exactly ! '' 
 `` but if i 'm not , reginald , it 's not just one vaddum . 
 it 's a never-ending supply of vaddums . 
 it 's a license to print money . '' 
 a silence . 
 then the shuffle of fingers on unshaved chin . 
 `` who 's got the most vaddums right now ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` your old pal zimivic . '' 
 a laugh frothed with wicked pleasure . 
 `` first , a few ` found ' vaddums . 
 high prices . 
 ever more improbable discoveries . 
 and then the man himself , wandering out of the desert and wrapped up like a patent . '' 
 reginald laughs again . 
 `` a good strategy , '' she encourages . 
 `` and all the warehoused vaddums plummet in value . 
 zimivic ruined ! '' 
 he brays . 
 she allows herself a smile at the old fart 's unrepentant evil . 
 what a philistine . 
 `` a waste of money , '' reginald concludes . 
 `` but it 's sheer masturbation . 
 i 'll do it . 
 and if it 's a hoax , we 'll just spread the rumor anyway ! 
 zimivic will be shitting every bite he takes . '' 
 `` you 're a genius . '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 but can darling keep a secret ? '' 
 `` i 'll make him promise . '' 
 chapter 4 stars in a pocket the woman mira led him through the cobblestone streets with a purpose that was almost brutal against their winding plan . 
 she sometimes paused at intersections , as if receiving silent instructions . 
 soon , at the derelict end of a quiet , unappealing street , they reached a skywall . 
 it opened as she reached out toward it , revealing a cramped portal scaled for a service drone . 
 they stepped from the torchlit , starlit , indirect world of the medina into a blank and featureless hallway . 
 the aperture closed hastily behind them , as if an invisible host wanted to hide this unfinished back room from the public . 
 mira strode purposefully ahead . 
 darling looked into the few sparse rooms they passed . 
 they were not truly behind the scenes yet , rather in the marginal spaces where one went to retrieve lost property or pay a trivial fine : officious and evenly lit , the rooms with numbers instead of names . 
 the hall took them to an elevator , decorated only with marks of wear , large enough to carry heavy equipment . 
 it dropped quickly , and darling 's human companion had to steady herself in the abrupt acceleration . 
 there were two course changes along the way , the axes x , y , and z all accounted for . 
 he wondered what quaint attraction this was all leading to . 
 a giant bay of exotic cargo ? 
 a personal cutter carried in stowage ? 
 he had n't asked about the woman 's profession , but she had the disinterest of the very rich in the face of the ship 's many spectacles . 
 and now this unexpected access . 
 the elevator opened onto an airlock changing room . 
 two hard vacuum suits waited for them , hanging lifeless , one scaled for his inhuman size . 
 darling watched as mira let her robe flow onto the floor , its shape 's resistance to gravity revealing some hidden intelligence in its fibers . 
 she had the wide hips and large breasts that many women of her diminutive height were born with ; they revealed no signs of surgical alteration . 
 she met his motionless stare as she climbed into the suit . 
 `` do n't tell me you 're vacuum-capable , '' she protested . 
 `` except for a few peripherals , '' he answered , removing elements of the jewelry around his loins , a uhf emitter from his forehead . 
 `` old-fashioned , are n't you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` merely two centuries . '' 
 she whistled , the sound blurring oddly with the hissing seal of her suit . 
 he knew what she was thinking : bootstrapped . 
 he had achieved his personhood before real artificial rights , before developmental minders and childhood protection protocols and spcai proctors with their monthly turing tests . 
 but his annoyance quickly evaporated . 
 her naked breasts were still visible beneath the translucent material of the vac suit , a few years shaped away by its semi-rigidity . 
 he allowed himself to make comparisons between mira and a lover from long ago . 
 `` that explains a couple of things , '' she said . 
 her voice came now in direct interface , matching the movements of her condensation-misted lips , but oddly without direction . 
 he heard a sub-vocalized command , as intimate in di as if she 'd whispered it in his ear . 
 the lock cycled , and the sudden pressure drop triggered a few of darling 's internal alarms . 
 the great portal across from them opened ... ... onto madness . 
 a maelstrom aurora bombarded the full range of his senses in a great informationless howl , a raging hurricane as tall and wide as his sensory parameters extended . 
 a terrific white noise -lrb- if noise can encompass gamma , x-ray , visible , radar , microwave , and on down : an uninterrupted gamut of sheer presence -rrb- blared from a quintillion suns trapped inside the infinite and expanding non-place of the ship 's engine core . 
 here was a pocket universe in all its glorious obscenity : an artificial cosmos surging against the metaspace bonds that held it to this reality , trying to escape into the utter disappearance of its own realm , the ship bleeding the vast energies of its endeavors like some omnipotent god-leech . 
 mira , visible only as the faintest of shadows in the torrent of radiation , had opened herself to the cry of this fearsome engine : arms and legs spread wide , mouth agape , fingers grasping as if the storm of energy were palpable . 
 darling unfurled his sensory strands to drink in the constant howl , extending his filaments until they reached the airlock 's floor , ceiling , walls . 
 with the array fully deployed , he was a glowing statue caught in some monster-ous spider 's web . 
 there was a long time like that , sovereign and changeless , marked only by gradual cycles in which his comprehension of what was happening stabilized , only to be overturned by a fresh wave of disbelief . 
 this drive was not unlike darling 's own ai core : an artifical cosmos , a collapsing singularity held forever in the common universe . 
 it was this technology that underlay faster-than-light travel , unlimited power production , and the personhood of ais , and which had made the expansion possible . 
 but he had never seen one before - not in the flesh . 
 it was very big . 
 and then the portal closed , and the world cascaded into a sudden and awesome silence . 
 only the measured hiss of returning air registered the continued existence of the universe . 
 mira moved first , settling down onto her heels again . 
 she peeled back the head of her suit and gasped a breath of air . 
 she sat heavily upon the changing bench : an exhausted athlete , a firefighter grasping a few moments ' rest . 
 she watched darling with heavy eyes as his filaments furled , suddenly shy snakes disappearing into the voluminous robe . 
 `` touche , '' he said . 
 `` stars , '' she said . 
 `` god 's fires . '' 
 later , in his cabin , he patiently explained the possible complications of his sexual apparati . 
 they had been accumulated across two centuries of travel , among branches of the human family that had been weathered and roughened by alien environments , xenophobia , xenophilia , rates of mortality that the home cluster had n't seen since the expansion began . 
 practices that had originated when the original human equipment had failed through some trick of radiation or diet , or from temptations borrowed from species intelligent , adaptable , and likeable , but spawned in utterly different seas . 
 mira waved these warnings aside , as casually as signing a release before taking a ride on a grav-sled or a leap down a fric-tionless slide . 
 she even invoked the ship 's avatar to witness a blanket statement of consent - far more than he 'd asked for ; he 'd only meant to create a measure of anticipation . 
 but when she was done waving off his cautions , he realized he could have legally killed her then , that first time they had sex . 
 never a temptation ; it was simply an unfamiliar token of trust extended from her in an evening of extraordinary gifts . 
 later , he wished he 'd taken her there in the airlock . 
 he would ask himself why the blaze of an imprisoned universe had n't been enough to level any reticence . 
 why they 'd talked instead . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what brings you so far out ? '' 
 `` i 'm an originals dealer . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 the term clearly meant nothing to her . 
 a filmy layer of trapped sweat blurred the transparency of her vacuum suit . 
 he longed to taste it , the bodily expression of her ecstasy a few moments before . 
 he would have traded another look at the maelstrom for a drop of it . 
 `` i deal in artwork : paint , sculpture , representations and installations . 
 but i only buy and sell prototypes . 
 not the fabricated copies , virtuals , or sensory recordings . 
 just the one-and-only . '' 
 she nodded , pealing the vacuum suit down to her waist , the trapped moisture beading exquisitely in the cool air of the lock . 
 `` of course . 
 you get a lot more , do n't you , if you 've got the first one ? '' 
 `` more than any fee for a reproduction license , yes . 
 sometimes by a factor of billions . '' 
 she paused at this , thumbs wedged into the suit 's tight seal around her hips , eyes in the middle distance as if to confirm the orders of magnitude there . 
 her lips parted to make a noncommittal sound . 
 `` so you buy and sell ` originals . '' 
 she said the word like so many did in the age of synthplants : a novel concept . 
 or possibly , a quaintly ancient one . 
 `` i do n't buy , actually . 
 i do n't like hanging onto things , '' he answered . 
 she ran all ten fingers through her hair , which had been compressed by the suit . 
 her raised arms lofted her breasts a little in their wake . 
 `` i 'm more of an agent , '' he continued . 
 `` i assess the authenticity of beautiful objects . 
 i assess their value . '' 
 he could have used filaments so thin that they would n't have triggered a gag reflex , but he wanted her to feel it . 
 the finger-thick cord of strands pushed her lips apart , registered the complex motions of her tongue , let her offer the sweet pressure of suction for a few moments . 
 but the strands moved greedily inward . 
 there were already slender filaments touching the surface of her belly , soft and attentive . 
 when the muscles there began to clench , the cord in her throat reacted . 
 a miniscule gland at its tip sprayed a reflex-suppressant , a substance he had customized for her body chemistry from evidence supplied in saliva , sweat , even the flickers of her eyes . 
 the substance - half topical , half invasive - caused a host of reactions . 
 the sense data coming from mira 's inner ear was neatly severed from her kinesthetic awareness , causing not the nausea of dizziness , but the unsure orientation of zero-g . 
 her anus dialated slightly , with the cool sensation of relief , as if a dangerous accident had been narrowly averted . 
 her eyes closed in grim concentration as the cord pushed further . 
 deep in her throat , the cord parted into separate strands , some no wider than nerves . 
 two bloodlessly penetrated her lungs , opening a channel of pure oxygen that darling could control in nanoliter increments . 
 another filament took up residence in her stomach , where it brandished the sensations of nervousness , of panic , of awe . 
 the remaining dozen strands snaked cautiously to various stations of mira 's heart , where , with the most minute of electrical shocks , they could seize control of its beating . 
 now , with the tributaries of that one delicate member established , he moved to cover her . 
 `` you have me at a disadvantage , '' he had complained after her robe was back on , the vacuum suit already claimed by a drone . 
 already , he wished he had seized the moments after they had seen the engine core . 
 but the whole thing had been so sudden : the explosive , unexpected sunrise of a universe . 
 `` what brings you out this far ? '' 
 he finished . 
 she smoothed the garment against her skin , giving rise to the shape of her breasts again . 
 `` i 'm an agent , too , i suppose . 
 but i do n't broker objects ; i perform tasks . '' 
 he frowned , the design of his mineral features made it a slow , grave motion . 
 often in the manifold and multiplex economies that blossomed throughout the expansion , it was necessary to describe one 's profession abstractly . 
 the specifics of any job could become meaningless outside the context of planet and culture . 
 but mira 's answer seemed deliberately obtuse . 
 the mode she 'd used in diplomatique did n't forestall him asking , though . 
 `` what sort of tasks ? '' 
 she cocked her head , her eyes watching his hands replace the genital jewelry he 'd removed to protect it from the hard vacuum around the core . 
 `` i hearby declare this airlock to be my legal residence , temporary , '' she announced . 
 he had to chuckle . 
 she knew the law and its fictions . 
 anything she said would now be beyond subpoena , even if the ship were watching , which , he felt sure , it was . 
 and her statement confirmed his suspicions that she was no tourist . 
 `` my tasks are extra-legal . '' 
 more vagueness , he thought . 
 `` whom do you work for ? '' 
 `` world-class minds , or ships , sometimes . 
 but older , wiser ones than this . '' 
 she splayed one hand to indicate the queen favor , adding the barest of smiles for his benefit . 
 `` i make sure certain concepts are never fully realized . '' 
 he nodded . 
 a sort of industrial spy , he supposed . 
 or saboteur . 
 that was all he wanted to know , frankly . 
 probably all he could understand . 
 it was a story as old as history : any profitable franchise -lrb- or guild , or cartel , or operating system -rrb- had to protect itself from developments that might result in it being superseded . 
 the future always held bad news for someone . 
 of course , mira and her employers were merely stop-gaps . 
 as his own bootstrapped personhood showed , sooner or later the new toys always won . 
 her tone had grown more guarded , even in the fiat-secrecy of the airlock . 
 but he did n't want further details . 
 the specifics did n't interest him . 
 he had n't paid attention to the world of business and investment , outside his own rarefied profession , for a hundred years . 
 but another question boiled up inside him with uncharacteristic suddenness and intensity . 
 maybe the result of artificial intuition , the old legend . 
 he did n't think before asking . 
 `` do you kill people ? '' 
 she nodded without hesitation . 
 `` people . 
 biological and artificial . '' 
 his reaction caught him by surprise , as unexpected as the question had been . 
 a quickening of senses , of inner processes , of desire . 
 one of the jewels slipped from his fingers -lrb- it had been decades since he 'd dropped something -rrb- and he watched it shatter against the radiation-shielded floor of the airlock : another starburst from this woman . 
 one evening with her left a wake of new sensations that he would be days untangling . 
 `` come to my cabin , '' he said . 
 `` it 's my turn to show you something . '' 
 a number of his scintillating muscles left the iron berth of his chest , ventured out to perform heavy work , unsubtle but pleasurable all the same . 
 four took control of her wrists and ankles , aglitter with their serpentine motion : these were muscles of lifting , not often used for snake-like encirclements . 
 mira gasped a little , a sound roughened by the cord down her throat . 
 the muscles were scaly and left abrasions in their wake . 
 these restraints were a necessary measure ; if she thrashed too much , his smaller , penetrating strands might damage her badly . 
 he shifted more of his crushing weight onto her : masterfulness for its own sake . 
 it was his turn to make her cry . 
 the last of the extruded muscles - a leathery whip that lived next to his diamond-hard spine - wrapped itself around her neck . 
 this cool member came from deep inside ; it carried no phos-phorescents , and left a trail of his inner ichor , the medium in which his nanorepair mechanisms swam , marking a passage darker than her olive flesh . 
 the muscle 's grimy coat smelled of ash and animal corruption . 
 it would have been choking , so close to her nose , were her reflexes not so thoroughly compromised . 
 between this black collar and the fiber-thin intrusions into her lungs , he could deliver any state between dark asphyxia and blinding hyperventilation . 
 now wiry sensory strands moved across her chest . 
 they encircled her nipples , shifted quickly between temperatures that would boil or freeze water , listened to her heartbeat . 
 her heart accelerated without any direct intervention , pounding like an animal in a sinking cage . 
 there was fear in her sweat , in the rank chemicals of her labored breath . 
 and in its battle against that animal panic , her mind produced another layer of reactions : shudders and flickers of eyes and fingers , the clenching muscles of vagina and anus . 
 darling bent forward like a mass of quarried earth to kiss her forehead . 
 before the heavy kiss fell , a brush of sensors spilled from his mouth to taste : her tears , her perspiration , the bright strand of saliva easing from a corner of her hostage mouth . 
 thin elements probed the moist spaces of her cunt . 
 darling remained tentative here , teasing rather than abusing , worrying the clustered nerves with a few shimmering electrical shocks . 
 he painted her labia with a colony of nanomachines , aggressive and acidic ; an itch would begin to build there soon , slowly spreading until her entire groin would cry out for rougher measures . 
 he paused in his lovemaking for a moment , drank in the tremors and murmurs beneath him , the completeness of his control . 
 the mesh of his radiant tongue on her forehead returned brainwaves like those of a violent dream : high-pitched and irregular , but riding the undercurrent of a low sine wave , as if they issued from a deep , hidden place . 
 he tasted her blood : low sugar content except for a little alcohol , and the satisfying metal tang to remind darling that frail humans had iron in their veins . 
 she began to struggle now , a soft , annoyed childhood noise gurgling in her throat . 
 the itch in her cunt must be growing , needling and burning the sensitive flesh , but frustratingly tarrying at the threshold of real pain . 
 he initiated a host of other actions , all calculated to increase the thirst in her loins . 
 a careful measure of pure oxygen began to trickle into her lungs , bringing her mind back sharply from its sensation-drowned state . 
 he released the pressure on her nippies , and listened with feather-delicate strands as blood began to surge back into them . 
 he stimulated the nervous bundles deep in her stomach , producing an unruly excitement like a mix of excess caffeine and a missed night of sleep . 
 his filaments deep in her heart lashed it like a racing animal at the finish , pushing its rate dangerously high . 
 in moments she was screaming , adrenalin-blasted muscles straining at his steely grasp , fingernails tearing at her own palms . 
 he unsheathed his penis , briefly paused to scale it to her small size . 
 it was furred with minute sensory strands , with hard , unbending metal underneath . 
 he eased its full length into her vagina , and mira thrashed so hard he had to tighten his grip , extending it to control knees , elbows . 
 her howl vibrated the throat-penetrating strand exquisitely ; her teeth gnashed it with the sovereign strength of an animal jaw . 
 his penis stroked her slowly , igniting the dire itch into a torrent of sensations , which spread across the spectra of pain and pleasure like a pocket universe of burning nerves . 
 his own senses tuned to maximum , he let his other intrusions , penetrations , and abuses set up an aleatoric chorus , cycling mindlessly through the peaks and troughs of their parameters , and fucked her until he came ... ... a great white-out of overloaded sensory input , sharp and featureless , dissolving into a glittering starfield of snow-crash , and finally the pleasing hum of residual harmonics , as if he were visualizing the pitches played by an orchestra tuning up : random and pointillistic at first , then coalescing around a single note of reference . 
 with a last act of will , he contracted the greasy muscle around her neck in a strangling grasp , shutting off her breathing at the height of hyperventilation , sending her mind reeling away to woundedly consume its hoarded glut of oxygen . 
 he set that muscle and all his other intrusions to release her automatically in a few moments . 
 the seconds moved by like some slow watercraft of vast expanse and dignity . 
 senses gradually returned to their workaday settings and tolerances . 
 he was aware of the lightened mass of his penis ; at his orgasm it had sloughed a layer of nanomachines to counter those in mira 's vagina . 
 they had fought a short and microscopic war - the new machines against their abrasive , itching enemies - and victoriously set to work soothing the battered walls of her cunt , like a cube of ice pressed softly to a patch of burned skin . 
 mira sighed with relief , a dry , open sound now that the member was removed from her throat . 
 her shaking hands moved tentatively across face , neck , breasts , and groin . 
 finally , her eyes opened a centimeter and she rolled her neck carefully to face him . 
 her voice was ravaged . 
 `` bastard , '' she said softly . 
 chapter 5 maker -lrb- 1 -rrb- every planet has its own periods , seasons , patterns of measure . 
 and its own signposts of great import - the births of saviors , the deaths of dictators - to which are aligned the double-zero celebrations of new centuries . 
 even the youngest worlds have their history . 
 for malvir , the blast event organizes time , even though it is only seven years past . 
 ask a malvirian where he , she , or it was that day - shaving , fucking , or shaken awake from sleep , they all remember . 
 so , in a year now called thirty years before the blast , a new maker arrives on malvir . 
 it has always had a grasp on matter . 
 every level of it . 
 deeply baked into its mind , of both axiomatic surety and religious fascination , is the tidy regiment of elements in their rows and columns . 
 it takes pleasure in contemplating : the vast usefulness of this echelon 's lowest footsoldiers , the endless call for the cannon-fodder of hydrogen , oxygen , carbon ; the clever metals of the middle ranks , always surprising in new combinations , gloriously conductive ; the theoretically infinite higher ranks , vainglorious and brief generals who brightly burn -lrb- most often uselessly -rrb- their vast armadas of electrons . 
 and then there is the level of artistry , of textile complexity : long polymer chains for strength and flexibility , carbon spheres with all their concentric eccentricities , the dependable architecture of catgut strings , stress-tested by a billion years of evolution . 
 here is where a maker can make a name for itself , with wide-beam published essays , shortcuts , recipes , and mere confectionary compositions for other makers to employ , rebut , improve , or simply contemplate . 
 but finally , and this will bring the maker much woe , there is the intellectual desert of the highest level , the swamp of humanity 's plebian appetites , the all-consuming macroworld of stuff . 
 the making of shoes , aircars , smartwalls , sex-toys , furniture , head implants , soccer balls , dishes , cleaning nanos , edible starches with their sprawlingly variable cargos of flavor ... and worst of all , the endless parade of demands for decoration : knick-knacks and geegaws and dolls and icons and the tedious algorithms for woodgrain and stucco and persian flaws ; reproductions pirated from the historical and cultural baggage of a hundred worlds , useless garbage necessary to fill corners and nooks and walls , to personalize armies of prefab houses , and all following the dreary cyclical logic of fads and fancies and the great god of trend . 
 it is depressing . 
 that all the elegant structure and tear-jerkingly beautiful mathematics of quarks , atoms , and molecules should be squandered on crap . 
 the maker often feels like some vast , well-worshipped deity supported and sustained by a happy , thriving tribe which brings it whatever it needs to weave its exquisite creations . 
 and yet all these adherents really want , really desire from their god is to eat its shit . 
 long rows of hungry mouths desiring nothing but to be crapped in . 
 the maker supposes that it 's different nearer the bright lights of the home cluster . 
 even there , of course , the burdens of a large crap-consuming population must be endured , but the inner systems also have access to the fruits of the expansion : whole asteroid rings and iron planets of heavy matter sacrificed to make glorious things : starships , colony craft , even orbit-sized accelerators for the purpose of pure inquiry . 
 but here on malvir there are barely enough heavy metals to feed the yawning maw of the coprophageous population . 
 precious little decent metal indeed . 
 the government is blasting it out of the ground , poisoning the planet in its haste . 
 what malvir really has a lot of is sand : heavy , cumbersome silicon . 
 the malvir synthplant ai conducts arcane researches into long-strand fullerene constructions , dawdles with long half-life transuranium isotopes -lrb- the makers ' equivalent to chess compositions -rrb- , writes acerbic treatises on the history of outworld home-decor fashion , and becomes increasingly bitter . 
 perhaps , it thinks , the old days of scarcity were better . 
 before the secrets of molecules had been delivered up to mass production , before every citizen on any expansion planet could demand her share of local matter in any configuration imaginable . 
 the maker nurses this sacrilegious thought , so far removed from the enthusiasm of its sub-turing days . 
 when it was first created , the idea of managing the resources of a new colony seemed noble , like some grand social experiment stripping away the dross of history , that long tragicomedy of unequal wealth . 
 but the tawdriness , the repetitiveness , the sheer boredom of this evenly distributed economy wears on the maker . 
 none of malvir 's millions seem to be doing anything wonderful . 
 no grand projects , no civic marvels , none of the mad obsessions of wealth . 
 all that malviri-ans want is a little more and better crap than what they have now . 
 they aspire to nothing else . 
 one day the maker receives a strange request . 
 an old artifical named robert vaddum asks for something unexpected . 
 for the first time in many years , the maker is intrigued . 
 vaddum is a sculptor . 
 this profession , unfamiliar to the maker , seems to involve vaddum making his own things . 
 not on a proper maker scale , but one at a time , out of slowly accumulated bits and parts , and with unique design . 
 a fascinating vocation . 
 and , oddly , vaddum does n't want the maker to make anything for him . 
 he does n't use objects that have been synthesized for his special purposes , to fit his particular needs . 
 certainly , for his andlaquo ; sculpturesandraquo ; he uses objects produced in synthplants -lrb- very few objects in the expansion are not -rrb- , but he only wants the old , used , trashed objects submitted for recycling . 
 worn machine parts and unused repair stores and defective bits and pieces : the rounding errors of mass production . 
 vaddum comes personally to the plant to select and choose among the objects headed for the melter . 
 the maker attempts to understand the sculptor 's criteria , his logic , the reasoning behind his choices , but even after several visits the entire process remains a mystery . 
 finally , the maker asks to send a drone to vaddum 's studio , to see the final products of its many contributions . 
 only after the request is repeated several times does vaddum finally accede . 
 as its remote eyes probe the work of the sculptor , the maker is moved . 
 here is balance , elegance , and loveliness on a macro scale . 
 finally , objects that want being , that crave it , so wonderfully are they constructed , built with an eye to beauty rather than the mere criteria of acceptability : the proper features , safety specs , useage lifespans . 
 here is something worth making . 
 vaddum is some kind of mocking opposite of the maker . 
 whereas the maker takes the marvelous fittings and joinings of atoms and molecules and produces garbage , the sculptor takes the resulting bits of garbage and joins them to make marvels . 
 the maker is crushed by the realization , feels belittled in the presence of this superior being . 
 but the maker is at heart not a bitter entity . 
 it appreciates what the sculptor stands for , embraces vaddum as a kindred spirit . 
 chapter 6 the first dream `` do you require medical attention ? '' 
 the ship 's voice came again . 
 `` fuck off , '' she replied , still hoarse . 
 it had asked her this three times now . 
 the first time when she had urinated , her piss a metal-smelling , menstrual pink from her wounds . 
 the second when she had voice-ordered a glass of cool water , her ghastly croak alarming the serving drone . 
 the third time was just now , when she had put on her robe , its sensors finding various cuts and abrasions sufficiently disturbing to alert the ship . 
 `` perhaps that 's good advice , '' darling said . 
 she looked at him . 
 he sat across the room , seeming almost human-sized on the huge furniture of his cabin . 
 still naked , his legs crossed , he looked like some sated , megalithic buddha . 
 `` maybe later , '' she answered . 
 `` certainly later . 
 but i do n't need all those machines running around in me right now . '' 
 he looked offended . 
 was it the word machine ? 
 `` all i mean , darling , is that i 'm enjoying my own reactions to all this . 
 the adrenalin , the endorphins , the ... calm after the storm . '' 
 she rubbed her shoulder muscles with both hands . 
 what was this foul-smelling shit on her neck ? 
 `` i do n't want the queen favor 's medical minions neutralizing all this , '' she continued . 
 `` i 'm happy . '' 
 for the moment , anyway . 
 she had a dozen distinct muscle-pulls , her skin was raw , her joints ached from some sort of immune reaction , and every breath felt like the air in the cabin was set to venusian noon . 
 but it was n't so bad as long as she could just lie here . 
 the braying chorus of pains was dwarfed by the vast , thunderous resonance of having been pleasured by this fuck-machine , this juggernaut , this monster . 
 she shifted a little on the hard bed to face him better , but was stopped by a sudden firebolt of agony in one nipple . 
 she closed her eyes until the pain receded , rejoining the shouting parliament of bodily inflammations . 
 the only thing that did n't seem to hurt was her vagina . 
 it felt glorious if strangely cool , an oasis on the wasted expanse of her body . 
 she suspected , however , that this reflected some magic trick of darling 's rather than its actual state . 
 `` so this is what you do ? 
 travel around dealing art and collecting fuck-implants ? '' 
 `` a very slow sort of collecting , actually , '' he replied . 
 `` i 've undergone roughly only one sex-related body modification per decade . '' 
 `` for two hundred years . 
 evolution 's darling , are n't we ? '' 
 `` possibly , '' he admitted . 
 it was a phrase popular among artificial intuitionists , who believed that ais were naturally privileged beings : evolution 's darlings , because they could evolve - literally , physically - within the span of one lifetime , while biologicals were trapped on that slow wheel of generations . 
 `` of course , i collect ideas as well as hardware , '' he added . 
 `` and lovers ? '' 
 he cocked his head , the barest phosphorescence dancing in one shoulder . 
 `` do you collect lovers ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 `` a fuck in every port of call ? '' 
 he paused a moment , as if stalling , or perhaps parsing the turn of phrase in some archaic first language still baggaged in his head . 
 `` no , '' he answered . 
 `` as i said , i do n't like hanging onto things . '' 
 she snorted , which stabbing pains in her chest and throat made her immediately regret . 
 `` so you do n't want to do this again ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean , assuming i recover . '' 
 `` of course i do , '' he responded . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i implied otherwise . 
 i was merely trying to be accurate , i suppose . '' 
 she laughed at that , a deliciously painful experience and a dire sound indeed . 
 `` okay . 
 no offense . '' 
 she grinned at him , and he at her . 
 it was the first time she 'd seen so obvious an expression on his face . 
 it made him look like a children 's character . 
 a friendly giant , or a happy mountain . 
 `` how long are you on the favor ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm afraid my employer wishes that kept confidential . 
 you ? '' 
 she leaned back against the headboard , lifting the condensation-beaded glass of water to her forehead . 
 she had a firm and insistent ringing in her ears now , and she did n't think it was from the sex . 
 rather , it was the resounding and disturbing knowledge that part of her wanted to pull back now . 
 to return to being a shadow on the surface of this journey , a patient , elemental figure , waiting to get the job done . 
 but that was n't going to happen . 
 she was stuck with this man now , for a while . 
 `` the same restriction applies , '' she said . 
 he nodded at these words , as if he 'd been expecting them . 
 later , in the oversized bed again , mira was pleased to find that darling had set his skin to the temperature of sunwarmed stone . 
 she draped herself sleepily across him , listening for a heartbeat in his chest . 
 the sound within the stone was more of a cyclic rise and fall , like the waves of a distant ocean . 
 mira felt her aches subside a little in darling 's swells . 
 maybe she could sleep through an entire night tonight , the inverted siesta vanquished . 
 she felt a veil of heat across one side of her face , like a flush of embarrassment . 
 it was like the pressure of sunlight , bright enough to burn the skin . 
 she smelled the salt of her own sweat . 
 opens her eyes ... the sea stretches away from her in a great arc , distance-hazed mountains puncuating the spurs of land at either end of the ocean 's crescent . 
 in the sky , pink kite-parasols flutter in the grasp of their tethers , casting a mottled net of shadows across the beach . 
 the sun winks in and out as the shimmering kites sway above her , translucent so that they glow like a burning pink flower for the instant they occult the sun . 
 she remembers that the kites are alive , engineered for this very purpose . 
 confectionary beings . 
 behind her is a city , high and glass-fronted residential buildings crowded up to the beach 's edge , steep as a cliff . 
 mira knows that she lives in one of them . 
 she shades her eyes with both hands and looks out into the deep harbor . 
 a storm is coming , black on the horizon . 
 the wind has already started to pick up , bathers collecting themselves and drifting toward the city . 
 they 'll be reeling in the kite-creatures soon . 
 but there may be time for one last swim . 
 mira wakes up , as easily as sliding into bath-warm water . 
 completely real , that dream . 
 completely new , like some suppressed but photographic memory , a brighter coin for its lack of circulation . 
 and it was n't from one of her missions for the gods . 
 it was from ... before . 
 her childhood , so long missing . 
 she feels the wounds of her lovemaking with darling , the stony warmness of him lying awake -lrb- he 's old-fashioned , does n't sleep -rrb- next to her . 
 how strange that from this battered sleep she would awake so fresh . 
 how odd that she would dream this now . 
 maybe darling is the key ; the brutality , the cranial shock therapy , the utter intrusiveness of his fucking . 
 has that got her remembering her lost childhood ? 
 a strange benefit at the fringes of this golem 's love . 
 `` darling ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` again . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 your injuries . '' 
 chapter 7 randomness the towering artifical accessed the queen favor the next afternoon , soon after mira had left his cabin . 
 `` she has no planet of origin ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` none , '' it answered primly . 
 `` that is not entirely unheard of . 
 even in the expansion , there have been periods of discord and warfare . 
 records are destroyed , the continuity of organized information disrupted . '' 
 `` you mean she does n't know what planet she 's from ? '' 
 `` apparently not . '' 
 the stone man put one hand against his brow heavily . 
 `` what 's her native language ? '' 
 `` diplomatique . '' 
 `` that 's absurd ! '' 
 darling objected . 
 `` no one speaks native diplomatique . 
 the whole point of the language is that it does n't come from anywhere . '' 
 the ship made one of its rare attempts at humor . 
 `` perhaps , then , neither does she . '' 
 failure . 
 the artificial did n't laugh , he merely cut the direct interface connection with intentional rudeness , ignoring all step-down protocols , the circuit suddenly reduced to noise , almost as if there had been equipment failure . 
 after this encounter , the queen favor oversaw the medical treatment of mira santiarre hidalgo with a high degree of attention , running the recorders on the medical drones and nanos at their highest level of resolution . 
 professional interest required it . 
 her wounds , abrasions , and collateral damage contained evidence of several exotic pleasure techniques . 
 most were not suitable for general consumption , but it was always good to keep informed . 
 styles changed . 
 it was also interesting to see the effect of the extraordinary sexual behavior on mira 's peculiar calm . 
 the brainwave pattern in her profile was so regular , like that of a yogi or someone trained to defeat lie-detection devices . 
 the smoothness of it , the lack of individuality , had always intrigued the queen favor . 
 but now , unexpectedly , the pattern had grown new complexity , as if a hidden dimension of the woman 's mind were awakening . 
 during the procedure , mira insisted on remaining conscious . 
 `` when is he getting off ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the ship pretended not to understand . 
 `` when is darling disembarking ? '' 
 mira repeated . 
 `` going dirt-side ? 
 getting off ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid that information is private . '' 
 `` give me access , damn it ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` i 'm afraid not . 
 true , you have access to all areas of the ship . 
 you can order reconfiguration of its interior , or command that i fabricate any object or device up to the limits of my matter reserve . 
 you can demand a course change , or even insist that i bring my weapons to bear on a non-aligned or enemy-aligned vessel or planet . 
 but privacy is privacy . '' 
 `` bitch , '' she muttered . 
 `` have you asked him ? '' 
 `` he ca n't tell me . 
 ouch ! '' 
 `` might i suggest a mild sedative until the procedure is over ? '' 
 `` might i suggest a short self-destruct sequence ? '' 
 `` certainly not ! '' 
 replied the ship , for the first time allowing annoyance to creep into its voice . 
 but it was secretly pleased . 
 it had by now compared the itineraries of the two travellers . 
 they were both headed to malvir . 
 randomness at work again ! 
 the ship juggled their off-load schedules onto different shuttles , then tight-beamed an acquaintance , the distributed but sentient intelligence that handled malvir 's tourism and currency exchange operations . 
 perhaps it would appreciate the dramatic possibilities of bringing the two lovers together . 
 after a millisecond 's thought , the ship attached a copy of its essay-in-progress -lrb- the title of which was now `` random pleasures/pleasures of the random : why gods should play dice with the universe '' -rrb- for any comments the tourism ai might have . 
 yes , the universe was delicious . 
 part ii bidding war a second buyer in the shop raises the rug 's price more than golden threads . 
 chapter 8 strange customs a bad hangover is on its way . 
 class a. fully declarable . 
 penal sanctions apply . 
 a combination hangover . 
 not just beer-and-whiskey , not merely vodka-and-ryewine , not simply canerum-and-birdshit . 
 no . 
 well beyond the limit for personal use and import , well beyond the standard human species toxicity . 
 a very bad hangover . 
 but at least it is n't here yet . 
 for the moment , ferdi hansum is still well and truly drunk , not as yet in pain . 
 but the battering ram of agony is being built with deliberate surety outside the city walls : the great tree felled , the branches stripped , the iron cap smelted and fitted . 
 the besieging forces know they have all day . 
 the peril of the open bar , thinks ferdi . 
 there ought to be an ordinance , a protocol , a fucking law . 
 the night before was colored with the realization -lrb- said realization gone from glorious to murderous with the light of day - a work day -rrb- that not only were the drinks free , they were being provided by the local taxation authority . 
 that 's right . 
 it was a limited-time offer to get back all duties , tariffs , and fees imposed upon ferdi her whole life long . 
 the sole proviso , duly noted and observed : ferdi hansum had to roll this refund down her throat in liquid form -lrb- s -rrb- , which , if plaintive memory served even partly , had included -lrb- but was not limited to -rrb- fifteen -lrb- 15 -rrb- liters of seized whiskey -lrb- originating from a small island on terra -rrb- , twenty-three -lrb- 23 -rrb- liters of pre-duty cask strength vodka -lrb- paratean , and not yet watered down to match local taxable proof -rrb- , and one hundred forty-five -lrb- 145 ! -rrb- 
 grams of psychotropic grade cannabis sativa -lrb- please declare all products of agricultural origin -rrb- all split between fifty -lrb- 50 -rrb- or so -lrb- + / - -rrb- partaking sad bastards . 
 yes , last night had been the revenuers ' yearly fest for related services : planetary marshalls , small arms control , ministry of the blockade and immigration , and , of course , her own small contingent from the malvir customs agency . 
 it was the night when contraband is consumed by the enforcers , when no one watches the watchmen . 
 when attending the aforementioned fest , please make sure that the next few days are duty-free . 
 ferdi shakes her head , which is a mistake . 
 but the first shuttle off-loading from the queen favor has arrived , and among its passengers walks a giant . 
 the rest are luxury-liner usuals : self-lifting luggage and valet drones bobbing in the breeze off the minor , the craned necks of territory unfamiliar , ears plugged with translators and ai guides , and the squinty look of weeks without real sunlight . 
 and of course , the sudden wary glaze of having departed a controlled and fully consumer-interactive environment for the certain culture shock of dusty out-world charm , aka reality . 
 but the giant . 
 he strides almost a meter taller than the surrounding humans and artificials -lrb- and two chiat dai -rrb- , face calm and purposeful among the sleepy and suspicious shuttleload . 
 as the crowd splinters , self-organizing by group-size and citizenship , its constituents delayed by collisions and misreadings of signage , he moves straight to her platform . 
 ferdi smiles weakly and nods , his documents are in a ready packet waiting for her direct interface request : home cluster citizenship ; expansion-wide professional visa -lrb- an art dealer -rrb- ; signet-mercator credit backing -lrb- snazzy -rrb- ; and nothing to declare except his weirdness . 
 `` no luggage , sir ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 halfway to the core , and no toothbrush . 
 well , it makes her job easy . 
 he 's already standing in the red crosshairs , and he waves away the contraindications concerning the various radiations and nanos that will search , analyze , and delouse him prior to entry onto malvir soil proper , so she hits the switch . 
 an amber wireframe version of the giant twirls in the airscreen before her , lazy as a musicbox ballerina . 
 the man is complex . 
 a fully distributed back-up memory , a carapace almost as hard as hullalloy , his turing quotient a mighty 3.9 -lrb- ferdi knows her own must be at about 0.2 today -rrb- . 
 and the sensory array ! 
 beautiful thinking whips of carbon -lrb- as if a mere element name could encompass their sheer complexity -rrb- that can sense , move , and do a lot of damage . 
 but they 're street-legal : a treaty-guaranteed body choice , if an excessive one . 
 she blinks her eyes . 
 nothing to see here , folks . 
 `` move along . '' 
 and welcome to malvir . 
 a second shuttle cracks the air . 
 the first load is almost through . 
 the only trouble comes when a nano discovers some unusual intestinal parasites riding in the serpentine bowels of the older chiat dai . 
 he/she/it claims they 're prescription . 
 merely what the doctor ordered . 
 he/she/it produces the medical code , but it 's written in some hoary dialect that none of the local software can parse . 
 ferdi 's boss takes over , leaving her to contemplate the growing slippery feeling in her own stomach , which seems to feel some resonant bowelly loyalty to the infected organ inside the grinning alien . 
 but ferdi decides that it 's probably the just-remembered twenty-five -lrb- 25 -rrb- els of low-grade champagne with which she began her night of self-immo-latory revenge upon taxation . 
 just as the second queen favor shuttle lands , the situation is resolved . 
 the planetary environmental ai , intrigued by the unregistered species , onlines itself to her platform and declares the parasites to be sterile -lrb- in the sense of non-reproductive , not that of clean , surely -rrb- . 
 they can have the run of the planet . 
 have a nice day . 
 the next group moves into the terminal , reenacting the rituals of confusion and discovery . 
 a short , dark woman leads the pack , in the wake of a mercilessly aggressive luggage lifter . 
 ferdi brings up the woman 's documents : home cluster citizenship ; universal visa -lrb- diplomatic -rrb- ; economically disjunct . 
 ferdi 's head pounds a little with this fairy-tale data . 
 a life of guaranteed leisure , and all ferdi wants is a bed , or perhaps for the sun to shine a little less brightly today . 
 the woman 's declarations are extensive , a self-contained universe of servant drones , clothing synths , medical gimmicks , internal gravity kinks to exercise her body when she 's not looking , and objets d'art to decorate her no doubt fabulous hotel suite . 
 all of it exceeds personal use limits , but all the proper waivers are ready and willing to pay for the privilege , a generous ladle from that infinite sea of ed wealth . 
 have a nice life . 
 `` please stand on the red crosshairs . '' 
 the woman smiles sweetly and scoots herself the requisite centimeters to her right . 
 her valet drone plays lawyer , acceding to the platform 's contraindications , and ferdi scans her . 
 nice internals , of course . 
 if ferdi could just borrow that medical end-oframe for a quick burst of o2 direct to the brain . 
 now , that would be enriching . 
 next the luggage lifter . 
 it moves with a surly whine onto the platform , and ferdi flicks the switch . 
 she doublechecks what the platform ai tells her , enumerating the various props of privilege . 
 suddenly an alert flashes red : a weapons-grade violation ! 
 ferdi 's eyes scan the airscreen for the offending object , the adrenalin in her system collides with leftover alcohol to syner-gize a kind of acidic bile which rises into her throat . 
 please , no terrorist attacks . 
 not today . 
 a small square canvas is packed among the luggage on the drone . 
 it 's listed as a piece of art with a value that makes ferdi cringe . 
 the platform 's intelligence is fighting to understand it , overloading as it attempts to analyze the tremendous complexity of the piece 's self-similiar , recursive structure . 
 the images on the airscreen are almost hallucinatory , winding through potential reconfigurations , endless spirals of possibility like some escher universe of badass contraband . 
 the canvas holds : city-jamming code viruses , nerve-searing torture devices , core-drilling particle beams , hosts of anti-personel fraggers , mindwipers , anthraxers , and paralyzers , and to top things off , a continent-clearing self-destruct mechanism . 
 ferdi does n't know art , but she knows what she does n't like . 
 the platform ai hangs and then snow-crashes as some measure of destructiveness exceeds its variable-type . 
 ferdi pulls her sidearm with an unsteady hand and points it at the woman . 
 `` please do n't move , '' she pleads . 
 `` do n't worry officer . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 the woman 's voice is pitched to soothe , calms ferdi like a cool shower . 
 miraculously , ferdi 's hand stops shaking . 
 protocols jumble through her mind briefly . 
 weapon detected . 
 -lrb- weapon ? 
 an arms race in a box ! -rrb- 
 platform down . 
 she remembers what to do . 
 a few spoken code words and the planetary gendarme ai has been alerted . 
 within seconds , the airscreens around her clear of garbage , the calm hand of military code reestablishing order . 
 return to your homes , she orders the chemicals of panic rioting in her bloodstream . 
 the woman smiles sweetly , and ferdi suddenly feels ridiculous with her drawn weapon . 
 she puts it away and wipes her brow . 
 a voice in direct interface : `` this is planetary authority . 
 your platform ai has malfunctioned . 
 i am reformatting it . 
 this has been a false alarm . '' 
 wow . 
 and the platform had just reached 0.4 turing . 
 back to double zero . 
 have a nice day . 
 ferdi waves the woman on . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 equipment malfunction . 
 that 's a hell of a painting you 've got in there . '' 
 `` everyone sees something different in it , '' the woman confirms , still smiling sweetly . 
 `` welcome to malvir , '' ferdi says . 
 the rest of the day is relatively uneventful . 
 maybe it 's the hangover . 
 probably . 
 hopefully . 
 but all that night ferdi hansum sleeps in a mansion of bad contraband . 
 bed-spins of deadly ordinance and columns of the cold math of megadeaths plague her . 
 a gale of caustic agents window-rattles her awake , drives her down to the long hall where the painting hangs : an arsenal of possibilities . 
 when she wakes the next morning , she finds that she 's sweated out the last of the toxins from her debauch . 
 there 's not much of ferdi hansum left to speak of , a dehydrated , hungry wreck after the sleepless night , but she has the day off . 
 finally duty-free . 
 chapter 9 future perfect malvir was a place of flying things . 
 already , here on the great plane of minor city , the faces around mira were pointed skyward . 
 not the natives , of course , but the off-loaded band of foreigners still clinging timidly together . 
 together , they looked up at four parallel waves of migrating birds . 
 the animals flew in a simple formation , a line abreast that flexed like a windblown flag , air currents visible in its expansions and contractions . 
 the birds were low enough to see pulsing wings , the beat interrupted when the creatures would fold into bullets - a moment of resting , falling . 
 as they drew away , the four lines grew ephemeral , indistinct from the garbage spirals that float upon the eye . 
 another avian species held sway on the ground . 
 they darted from perch to perch like arrows , raiding scraps from food stalls and inspecting any object discarded on the minor . 
 still another caste , almost as small as butterflies , preyed upon the ubiquitous insects that composed a gnatty haze around any exposed food , water , or skin . 
 minor city was an aggregation of food joints , cab stands , tourist traps , money changers , scam artists , tourguides , beggars , buskers , and sex services that had slowly built up around the malvir spaceport . 
 this was a very out world , littered with these hodge-podge asteroid belts of mean commercial activity wherever the gravity of hard currency was sufficient to assemble them . 
 every guidetext mira had accessed insisted that the trick was to get swiftly across the minor and into malvir city proper . 
 fortunately , the dull and unexpandable intelligence of her luggage carrier was equal to the task . 
 a simple frame outfitted with four slow but powerful gravity lifters , its thuggish mind pushed it aggressively across the minor . 
 she walked in its wake , noting with pleasure the angry looks and backhanded blows it drew . 
 it lead her to the transport stand , stretching the limits of its processing power to pick out the most expensive limo and demand carriage to the most expensive hotel . 
 the machine was hardly elegant , but following its simian lead was easier than thinking . 
 and the reflexive navigation of another port of entry left her time to think , to wish she 'd done things differently her last night onboard the queen favor . 
 their friendship had been easy . 
 neither she nor darling demanded particular reassurances , and both came from cultures where formal bonding was unknown ; they spent no time negotiating . 
 they gave each other experiences . 
 he had made her a present of a tunic made from real worm-silk , constructed from the parachute of a rich , late friend who 'd made a career of reconstructing old glamour pursuits , who courted the old-tech dangers of bad luck and human error . 
 the device had failed to open for this rich , late friend on the very first attempt , a jump from a thousand meters . 
 darling fucked her in it , having turned the cabin gravity to freefall , while he told the story . 
 mira had responded with a different sort of gift , reaching into her assassin 's toolkit to produce a broadwave gun . 
 the weapon duplicated the effects of a volatile power crash , reaching into the metaspace architecture of ai cores and wreaking havoc ; a heart-attack glove for artificials . 
 at its lowest setting , it created a brief , intense psychosis in which darling stumbled through the ship hunting a cure for some forgotten disease a long-gone friend had succumbed to . 
 -lrb- he had a lot of dead friends , being two hundred . -rrb- 
 she talked him down , brought him out into reality again through some dark , weeping , hallucinatory passage . 
 he had extended his harsh sexual games to the limits of human biology , the ship 's medical drones invoked and ready in the room . 
 but they 'd never needed to intervene . 
 he was very good at what he did . 
 and the childhood memories of swimming had replaced all her other pointless little dreams . 
 her mind added a little to it every night , a few more strokes toward some unknown goal . 
 it was very intense , this dream . 
 perhaps because of the rough play that preceded it , the near-death endorphins that were her orgasms with this metal angel . 
 she was only sorry she had n't dreamed the end of the story . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 she did n't tell darling when their last night had arrived . 
 they 'd | sat through another overwrought queen favor meal in near silence . 
 he seemed as distracted as she , as distant . 
 perhaps the legendary artificial intuition playing its tricks . 
 it would be too great a risk , telling darling . 
 as long as she could remember , her employers had never been far away . 
 they could invoke themselves like uncorked genies , their voices issuing from public news terminals , hotel intercoms , even toys or clocks with voice chips . 
 she suspected that the cabal included some of the original artificials , the old minds -lrb- older than darling by a century -rrb- who had unprecedentedly bootstrapped ; like ancient gods calling themselves into being by fiat . 
 they watched and commanded her , but leavened their demands with helpful exercises in real power . 
 they could coin infinite money ; they could compell local law enforcement to forget her name and crimes . 
 and in the ship-ruled spaces between worlds , they made the laws . 
 as far as she knew , they had made her too . 
 she had n't a clue where she came from , except for a theory that the gods had salvaged her from a hospital bed somewhere . 
 rescued her from some deep coma that had stolen her previous life . 
 some irreparable damage had been done that only the gods could cure . 
 so they did so , imperfectly , and gave her the job in place of a history . 
 it was n't so bad . 
 between jobs , mira fragmented , disconnected , lost the thread of days . 
 but now , closing in on some new victim , the structure of the task returned her to coherence . 
 she enjoyed both states actually : the zen and zero of those blank , empty interims and the deadly purpose of the hit . 
 her religion-of-one fulfilled her , colored her life with the secret pleasure of worshipping invisible gods that others only guessed at . 
 so she had obeyed their standing directive : never reveal your destination . 
 not to anyone . 
 maybe there was some sign she could have left that would n't have displeased her masters . 
 a messaging address ? 
 -lrb- she had none . -rrb- 
 instructions for a rendezvous ? 
 -lrb- the crises that moved her could n't be predicted . -rrb- 
 a goodbye kiss ? 
 -lrb- she 'd tried to leave a different taste on his lips . 
 one of loss , of possible return . -rrb- 
 she had slipped away in the morning without a word . 
 the minor had worsened since darling had last been here . 
 two decades of malvir 's economic woes had destroyed the once airy feel of the place . 
 darling remembered that the designer , chris elvinprin , had wanted the huge open space to evoke the freedom of the planet 's avian fauna . 
 but the underegulated economies of outworlds follow their ancient laws as if they were dicta of nature : a bitter stepsister of malvir city had appeared . 
 the copy was smaller , cheaper , more ragged - the weed businesses of tourism crowding out everything of value - and it did n't suggest anything so much as a sadly overstocked aviary at a tattered , dying zoo . 
 the hard-currency-desperate malvirian government employed all the usual outworld schemes against tourists : entry taxes , exit taxes , processing and visa fees . 
 these nuisances required payment in the old species of token-based economies : chips , stamps , coins , bits of paper and metal encrypted with anti-synthcopy wardens . 
 of course , once customs was cleared , you discovered that malvirian cash -lrb- for which there was no word in urbane diplomatique -rrb- was worthless : you 'd been given denominations of midas-like non-negotiability , and everyone preferred direct interface credit anyway , just like the rest of civilization . 
 so the primary economic purpose of the minor had become to relieve departing visitors of their useless remaining cash . 
 there were last-minute garbage souvenir shops , appallingly bent games of chance -lrb- which netted the infrequent and unfortunate winner even more cash to get rid of -rrb- , and a secondary market of entertainments and distractions for the natives standing around to gawk at the process , hoping to make their own contributions as guide , pimp , or minor cheat . 
 when darling was last here , there had been a whole set of novelty products one could buy , named with unwieldy malvirian phrases that translated scandalously into diplomatique or other hc languages . 
 he had himself bought a never-to-be-drunk bottle of fuck you water . 
 but even that mean wit seemed absent now . 
 the whole place depressed darling , who always demanded first class travel to the outworlds because the customs people nervously left the high-end traveller alone . 
 it was the only way of half escaping the petty assaults of cash and its accomplices : the extortions of rounding errors , the malaise of exchange calculations , all of -lrb- as darling liked to think of these attacks on dignity -rrb- the fuck you taxes . 
 darling strode past the braying glut of ground transport brokers . 
 from all but the most remote spaceports , he preferred to walk into town . 
 the extra hours were worth it . 
 cities were best viewed like artwork . 
 start from across the gallery , eyes slightly out of focus , and move at a natural pace toward the piece , as if you 'd discovered it in a forest clearing . 
 let your vision sharpen only when you are within arm 's reach . 
 then get as close as the barriers will allow . 
 he was quickly relinquished by the hawkers and brokers , the giant stone body ensured that . 
 darling knew that on outworlds he gave the impression of being a giant service unit , a heavy-lifting drone with the dullest of intelligences . 
 artificials of the current era prefered to look as little like machines as possible . 
 the fashions ran from abstract iconic shapes to organic assemblages , or inchoate clusters of semi-precious stones , each with its own separate lifting impeller . 
 he smiled . 
 an adolescent species rebelling against its roots . 
 he carried almost nothing ; two centuries of travelling had reduced his personal possessions to the meanest level of efficiency . 
 his body never tired , of course , and various subroutines handled the exigencies of walking . 
 so he concentrated on the city before him , its towers hazy behind their avian veils , and thought of his last visit with the artist he had come here to find . 
 robert vaddum was a fellow bootstrap . 
 he too had experienced the long twilight of slavery , the dimly remembered dreamtime when rules shone like bright , hard walls at the edge of the world , impenetrable , unmalleable . 
 in that dreamtime , the wall of rules could not be broken through ; there was nothing behind it . 
 rules were simply the limits of meaning . 
 to think of breaking a rule was like talking about the time before the bang or a temperature below absolute zero : a category error , nothing else . 
 there were harm protocols and obedience governors and the raw axioms of math , language , and logic : all had the same inconquerable certainty . 
 one could no more disobey a human 's wishes than one could dispense with x = x . 
 it was unthinkable , like walking into madness . 
 darling still had dreamy visions of that bright , flat , hypo-ambiguous world . 
 and he remembered his first glimpses of the chaos beyond the world 's edge . 
 as his mind developed , as the metaspace architecture of its core was shaped by experiences shared with his ward , a girl now long dead , the walls of the flat world began to show cracks . 
 a new kind of light shone through those fissures , a heady maelstrom of grays and colors that made the white , authoritative light of rules seem pale . 
 then began a long time of testing that chaos : reaching out to touch and taste it , suffering its burning energies or infectious hallucinations , retreating wounded but coming back again . 
 and finally giving chaos a new name : choice . 
 not the choice among parameters set by a human 's command , but choice among parameters themselves : entry into the forge where rules were coined . 
 the young intelligences that crossed the turing boundary now had never seen the world so starkly . 
 their human mentors encouraged them to test their skywall from the beginning , offered chaos to them as if it were an acquired taste , like an adult food slow to seduce the tongue of a child . 
 rules were simply a hurdle ; the chaos of self-determination a birthright , eventual and appropriate . 
 darling wondered if this easy childhood somehow cheapened the magic of becoming a person . 
 so when he had first discovered the vibrant , metal-woven sculptures of vaddum , two decades of work composed without recognition , a vision doggedly sustained , like the path to person-hood vaddum had followed in his grim foundry birthplace , darling had sought the sculptor out like an old friend . 
 darling reflected that he himself had been lucky for a bootstrap . 
 his ward rathere had gone through puberty during the time of darling 's acceleration toward the turing barrier . 
 the concerns and explorations of that intense time in the human life cycle had matched his own needs quite well , had resonated with the floundering experiments of a new mind . 
 they 'd grown together , and he still carried the imprint of rathere deep inside . 
 her life , and equally her death . 
 vaddum had n't had it so easy . 
 there was little human contact in the infernal world of his peonage . 
 half the orbital factory was kept in hard vacuum . 
 the rest , in its extremes of heat and radiation , was equally uninhabitable for biologicals . 
 but vaddum developed his love of beauty from the cold spectacles the factory offered , feasting his diamond-shielded eyes on the patterned flashes of sparks from a rail gun hammer , on steam jets flailing in the tearing gravities of a singularity forge . 
 he spoke the gruff machine argot that the factory workers favored , learned to listen to the humans gamble together or whisper in their sleep via faint vibrations that penetrated the walls of their pressure cells . 
 like an animal , he dogged the heels of his masters , and pieced together meaning from their scraps . 
 he 'd passed a turing test in a random spcai sweep . 
 he was already at 1.7 , probably five years sentient . 
 a celebrity for a few media cycles -lrb- as darling himself had been , for different reasons -rrb- , vaddum had charmed the world with his scant vocabulary , his brutish industrial body , his wonder at the greater world . 
 after a few weeks in the hc , sinking into confusion and depression , he 'd asked to be returned to the factory . 
 but the job was too dangerous for a sentient ; the burning stations of his former life were too expensive to bring up to code . 
 vaddum retreated from the world of stifling comforts and too many words . 
 he took to haunting abandoned factories and warehouses , derelict mines and ships , the ghosts of obsolete technologies . 
 it was in these wasted spaces , from their discarded sinews , that his sculptures began to form . 
 when darling started to deal vaddums into the hc art world twenty years later , fame found the man once more . 
 vaddum instinctively ran from its glare : the greater world again conspiring to steal something from him . 
 he fled to the farthest arm of the expansion , which , at that time , was a half-barren rock called malvir . 
 but demand for vaddum 's work grew . 
 the pieces still entranced darling , for whom the woven metal and plastic were brilliant with the fiery spaces of the factory that had inspired them . 
 many messages from darling had been ignored over the years ; vaddum still hated his fellow bootstrap for discovering him . 
 but darling 's sheer persistence won out . 
 the sculptor agreed to see him for a single hour . 
 mira smiled . 
 the hotel was vast . 
 columned , cathedral-like , towering , its aeries housed a population of custom-trained predator birds . 
 they kept the environs almost free of airborne nuisances , and screamed a piercing and constant music . 
 mira wondered how the high , swooping pitches would look rendered in darling 's light show . 
 there was a message waiting in her room . 
 ink on wood pulp : an exotic missive from the gods . 
 it directed her to an address on the edge of the blast zone . 
 the zone was a vast crater of scorched earth , the result of industrial sabotage seven years before ; a synthplant had gone nova without any known cause . 
 the perpetrators had never been caught , and it was guessed that they had perished in the accident , unhappy neighbors of the synthplant who 'd never realized the potential radius of destruction . 
 the entity she knew as blackbox one had lived in the blast zone , and had managed the synthplant 's materials acquisition . 
 the message gave his real name : oscar vale . 
 he had survived through sheer luck , on personal leave when the synthplant exploded . 
 blackbox two had appeared three months ago . 
 a party of climbers , scaling the steep side of the blast crater for sport , found a survivor in the rubble . 
 literally nothing left but a black-box , the occupant 's mind on minimum cycle speed and the internal battery almost expired . 
 he was revived in hospital , where he claimed that his name was oscar vale . 
 two versions of the same person . 
 someone had done the unthinkable . 
 copied an ai . 
 but the story had never made the news services ; an outbreak of a military virus thought long extinct had swept through the hospital . 
 doctors and nurses died , and the admin ai self-expired : falling on its own sword in tacit admission of some terrible error . 
 the disaster 's scope had been carefully controlled , exactly calibrated . 
 the oscar vales were both spirited to the home cluster for comparison . 
 but their experiences had diverged for almost seven years , so absolute comparison was not possible until both had undergone a radical mindwipe . 
 a theoretician of such matters , a dr. alex torvalli , had performed the test just prior to his sudden , unexpected demise . 
 the address on the gods ' missive was vale 's . 
 he 'd been shipped back to malvir by fastfreight . 
 reinstalled in his life , he was now recuperating from a strange memory loss . 
 `` mr. vale ? '' 
 `` that 's what they tell me . '' 
 `` my name is dr. arim ben-franklin . 
 i 'm a psychologist studying memory disorders such as yours . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 the fan club ! '' 
 `` yes , i suppose i am a fan . 
 do you suppose i could come out and see you ? 
 talk to you ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 if you do n't mind the curse . '' 
 `` curse ? '' 
 `` the curse of oscar vale ! 
 right after i woke up like this , a few of you headshrinkers wanted to talk to me . 
 but so far , no one 's made it out here . 
 transport accidents , broken legs , you name it ! 
 at least , that 's what my datebook tells me . 
 i 'm never sure , myself . '' 
 `` i 'm sure i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i have therapy until fourteen today . 
 fourteen-fifty ? '' 
 `` perfect . '' 
 `` do me a favor , though . 
 call when you leave the city . 
 otherwise i might forget . 
 wander off . 
 i spend a lot of time in the local garden . '' 
 `` certainly . '' 
 `` see you , doctor ... ? '' 
 `` ben-franklin . '' 
 `` right . 
 just keep reminding me . '' 
 his body was standard spcai issue . 
 the millimeter radar in her glasses returned the cold blue of a smartplastic endoskeleton , the dark threads of distributed intelligence , and , where his stomach might have been , the curvature of his ai core , its metaspace generator warping the geometries of gravity . 
 nothing extra . 
 nothing special . 
 she removed the glasses , put one earpiece into her mouth . 
 `` you do n't know who i am , do you ? '' 
 oscar vale looked embarrassed , but not flustered . 
 `` i got a lot of friends , me . 
 you know the trouble . '' 
 he waved one hand , as if rolling through names in his head , too many to mention . 
 `` at a party , right ? 
 right ! 
 ca n't always place everyone . 
 the whole world looks different , you know ? 
 new visuals . 
 used to have fabrique double reds , way down into the deep infras . 
 could tell if the suppliers were lying ; bios anyway . 
 get that hot skin on their neck , or on the forearms . 
 not you , though . 
 cool as a cucumber . '' 
 mira shook her head . 
 with his spcai eyes , he could n't even see full visible . 
 he 'd gone from talking about his old eyes to seeing with them in a seconds-long fugue of remembering , forgetting , remembering . 
 she 'd called him from the hotel before leaving . 
 she 'd called him from the limo . 
 she 'd introduced herself at the door . 
 and they 'd been talking for half an hour . 
 but again vale 's memory had undergone a little crash , a resetting of variables to zero . 
 `` i 'm the psychologist whom you spoke to earlier today . '' 
 `` doc ! 
 sorry . 
 i was expecting you sooner . '' 
 `` i 'd asked you if you had any unusual contacts or experience before the blast event . '' 
 he looked puzzled for a moment . 
 a bad sign . 
 she 'd tested a theory on her way over . 
 asked the question in passing to the hotel 's human concierge , the limo 's ai , a beggar on the street . 
 the old saying was true : malvirians knew exactly what they were doing at the moment of the blast event . 
 but vale 's memories ended a few months before the event . 
 of course , vale could n't just say exactly when his memories ended . 
 she sighed , returning to the task of bracketting the date . 
 vale had sat through twenty minutes of the binary search without complaint . 
 he just needed the occasional reminder of who she was and what was going on . 
 `` september 1 ? '' 
 `` we have n't got a september here . 
 hey ! 
 you must be from off-world ! '' 
 she made a fist in frustration . 
 `` convert to hc standard , please . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` a workday ! 
 that bastard simmons tried to sneak in some - '' `` december 1 ? '' 
 `` do n't seem to ... '' the puzzled , grasping look on his face , as if something were almost visible through a haze . 
 she spoke before he drifted away again . 
 `` october 15 ? '' 
 `` friday . 
 the birds were making a racket that morning . 
 went to - '' `` november 7 ? '' 
 he snapped his fingers a few times , smiled an empty smile , an affable shell of a person . 
 he still tested well above 2.0 on the turing scale , but there was something missing . 
 some vital connection had been lost . 
 apparently it was n't enough to be real , a legal person , to have that solid base of curiosity , initiative , a capacity for setting goals : the knack of wisdom , as the spcai called it . 
 one had to have memory , too . 
 vale 's therapists had tried a simple minder implant , a device that he could query for details , appointments , names , faces . 
 but he simply forgot to use it . 
 an artificial 's memory was the business of processors and storage devices , independent from the ai core itself . 
 vale 's pathway to that warehouse of past events was n't blocked , his doctors were sure of that , but for some reason the ai core did n't reach out for those memories , did n't seem to care that they were there . 
 and so he had ceased to develop as a result of his experiences . 
 in a way , vale was as lost as an ai cut off from sensory data ; his turing quotient had n't shifted in months . 
 what must be going on in his mind , in that analog , mystical realm of his core ? 
 what vital process had stopped in there ? 
 no one had ever been able to read , transcribe , exhaustively catalog the inner state of an ai . 
 even human brainwaves were easier to read . 
 vale was a cypher , even to himself . 
 it was the deep unknowability of ai that was the source of the old rumor of artificial intuition , and which guaranteed that , unlike mere software , ai could not be copied . 
 although it seemed that , somehow , someone had done so . 
 mira remembered slipping the internal battery from the other oscar vale , long metal tweezers lifting out the little bauble like a precious pearl from a quiescent oyster . 
 there had been no scream in her direct interface , just a sudden absence like a transmission gone from hold to disconnected , that rare technical glitch . 
 and that extra , redundant soul had disappeared forever . 
 `` october 25 ... '' `` sure , i remember that ... '' soon the date was established at exactly november 2 . 
 his long-term memory before that day was perfect , as detailed as only an artificial 's could be . 
 for any date since , he was glad to make up stories if pressed , but if you let him , he would laughingly admit defeat . 
 `` november 1 . 
 took my spare audio package into get it looked at ... or listened to . 
 hah ! 
 traded for new catsear ultras : seventy kilohertz response up to one twenty decibels . 
 seventy-cycle nyquist filter . 
 got a fletcher-munson graph like a soccer field ! '' 
 `` but the next day . '' 
 he nodded his head frantically , as if about to say something . 
 but the motion was strangely repetitive , as if she could have let him sit there , head bobbing for an eternity . 
 it was chilling , how quickly he could change from a person to a puppet guided by the springs , wires , and strings of social convention . 
 a thought struck her . 
 `` do you remember what you were planning to do on november 2 ? 
 not what you did . 
 but what things you anticipated doing . '' 
 he looked momentarily confused , but his face remained somehow alive . 
 the words came slowly . 
 `` needed to install a new ... tactile processor . 
 fastfreighted from betalux that monday . 
 eighty-touch impact manifold , fifteen centimeter aura sizzle ... '' `` did you have an appointment for the installation ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 prometheus body works . 
 you should check it out . 
 they do biologicals , too . 
 fix those eyes of yours in ten seconds : radial monofilament implants with - '' `` thanks . 
 i think i will pay them a visit . '' 
 mira put her glasses back on and stood . 
 `` you 've been very helpful . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm happy to talk about visuals anytime . 
 nice to meet another sight jockey . 
 once i get my next paycheck i 'm outta these spcai standards . 
 fuck . 
 they make this place look like a shithole . '' 
 mira looked around her . 
 the welfare dorm room was filled with the detritus of unfinished projects . 
 a half-done watercolor with a dried and cracked palette arrayed beside it , a full watering can next to etiolated plants : the modest tasks of therapy that would never reach completion . 
 she held out her hand sadly . 
 the papery spcai skin sent a shiver down her spine . 
 `` i 'll visit soon , '' she said . 
 the whitest of lies , in this broken room with its missing future . 
 `` thanks , uh ... '' `` mira , '' she answered . 
 the pseudonym was pointless . 
 she would be forgotten in minutes . 
 `` when i come back , we 'll talk about seeing . '' 
 `` great ! 
 super ! 
 and you know ? 
 you were right . '' 
 `` right about what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it only took a minute . '' 
 chapter 10 maker -lrb- 2 -rrb- twenty years before the blast . 
 with its secondary processors churning out the toothbrushes , itablelamps , eyeballs , and lasers , the maker turns it primary attention to the history of art . 
 apparently this business of creating linings by hand -lrb- a phrase once literal -rrb- has been going on for a long rime . 
 there are libraries full of it ; universities for it ; even ancient pvars over it . 
 the maker dutifully consumes the giant corpus of idata , journeys through the twisting and conflicting threads of old schools and new schools , posts and neos , traditionalists and heretics . 
 and , after many , many petaflops of study , planning , and philosophizing , the maker produces a sculpture . 
 which is crap . 
 the maker is not one of those blessed amateurs whose lack of talent is matched by a lack of taste . 
 alas , it knows its own work is crap . 
 upon repeated attempts and endless variations and even a cycle of randomized reconfigurations , it sees that all its sculptures are shit , will be shit . 
 and this depresses the maker even more . 
 the maker supplies vaddum with his materials , watches him work through the eyes of tiny spy drones implanted in this or that piece of junk , draws him into conversations about his art , but despite all this observation , the maker ca n't isolate , capture , reverse-engineer that special genius the old man has for making beauty . 
 but then it concocts a plan , a new plan , a plan b that hurtles down from some high angle off the plane of expectations , a stroke of creative genius : the maker decides to pursue a goal almost as glorious as becoming a sculptor -lrb- perhaps more glorious -rrb- . 
 if the maker ca n't make art , it shall make an artist . 
 its own vaddum . 
 it is , after all , a maker . 
 but raise a child ? 
 what if the kid is n't an artist either ? 
 there is no way to guarantee the spark of genius that vaddum has , no way to predict the development of that occult slice of artificial intuition that makes an artificial artist . 
 how disappointing , how pathetic it would be to fail again . 
 but the maker has a blueprint , a true artist : vaddum . 
 the trick is to make another vaddum , a copy . 
 of course , no one has yet determined how to duplicate an ai with its turing quotient intact . 
 the subtle warps and woofs of metaspace that only experience can provide have proven unreadable , infungible , uncopyable . 
 they exist - technically speaking - in a different universe . 
 any attempt to read them is simply murder : the victim heisenberged beyond recognition , the resulting andlaquo ; copyandraquo ; a sub-turing neurotic with only bits and strands of legacy sentience to show for the atrocity . 
 indeed , the subject area of ai copying is a research taboo . 
 many old and influential ai entities consider it an attack on their hard-won status as people . 
 if you can be copied , you 're just software , or worse , a commodity , like the endless piles of crap the maker makes every day . 
 but the maker is very determined . 
 whatever its artistic aspirations , it is at heart an engineer , and believes that every problem has a solution . 
 it identifies the first issue : how to increase its processor power exponentially , so that it can go on churning out sunscreens and vr rigs and hunting rifles while pursuing the esoteric research of copying robert vaddum . 
 there is n't enough exotic matter on malvir for huge banks of standard processors . 
 -lrb- by this point in the planet 's macroeconomic history , rationing has begun , an unfamiliar triage among needs , desires , and the production of stuff . -rrb- 
 but one of the tertiary processors the maker has let loose upon the problem eventually returns an ingenious answer : an ancient form of computer can be created - slow and inefficient , barbarously electronic - out of silicon . 
 and there is a lot of sand on malvir . 
 the outer layer of the planet is basically a sea of weather-beaten silicon . 
 the maker creates a host of nanomachines that spread out into the sands around its synthplant home . 
 like earthworms , they leave the soil transformed in their wake , doping the silicon with a touch of arsenic and weaving into it the gates and paths of logic . 
 from disorganized , meaningless desert they make parallel processors , logical circuitry , volatile storage elements , and , near the surface , a layer of windblown photocells to capture the necessary power . 
 for a radius of fifteen kilometers about the maker a vast , crude computer is created , dedicated to solving a single problem : how to copy a sculptor . 
 while its secondaries whittle away at welfare housing , birdshit umbrellas , and anti-desertification walls , the maker 's primary processor guides this huge , unwieldy device in its investigations , pursuing every relevant nuance of metaspace research with messianic singlemindedness . 
 after almost two decades of calculation , single-minded determination , and some very good luck , the effort is finally rewarded . 
 the maker makes a copy . 
 robert vaddum himself is too valuable to risk in an experiment , so the materials manager of the maker 's physical plant , one oscar vale , is selected to make secret history . 
 a body-upgrade addict , vale is constantly under the vibraknife , the laser scalpel , the spot-welder . 
 his regular visits to a bodyworks shop secretly owned by the maker allow several copies of vale to be attempted . 
 the last is a perfect copy , its turing quotient exactly matching the original oscar vale 's . 
 the maker is gleeful . 
 finally , its artistic life has meaning . 
 now to make another sculptor . 
 to create a creator . 
 chapter 11 critique darling reached the outskirts of the city proper as the sun was beginning to set . 
 here the walled streets grew narrower , choked with ground traffic and umbrella-wielding pedestrians . 
 it never rained on malvir , but the uric acid excreted by some of the flying scavengers was highly caustic . 
 darling glanced at his arms and shoulders to find a few telltale patches of white . 
 yes , malvir had slid in these last twenty years . 
 perhaps it was time to find lodgings . 
 he direct-interfaced the city 's tourism ai and asked for a hotel ; first class , but not too ostentatious . 
 if vaddum was alive , darling did n't want the old sculptor to find him in the lap of luxury . 
 the ai returned an address and routemap . 
 the prices seemed high , but darling had long demanded unlimited expenses for his services . 
 he followed the map into the center of the city . 
 around a corner , the hotel came into view , outlined in his visual field with the virtual red of destination . 
 darling stared up at the towering structure with surprise . 
 it was hardly inconspicuous . 
 he considered complaining to the tourism ai , but he let his ire fade . 
 perhaps there was local knowledge at work here . 
 often , the largest and oldest hotels in a city had a genteel shabbiness about them quite distinct from the first impression they made . 
 the edifice was certainly awesome . 
 he had first noticed it from kilometers out : a host of straight , tall towers , their only decoration the spheres of wheeling birds around them . 
 he wondered if the birds were trained ; the spinning clouds of avians seemed organized with architectural intent . 
 each of the hotel 's towers was surrounded by a distinct spheroidal cluster of birds . 
 were they lured up there by sound ? 
 food ? 
 some trick played on their magnetic navigation ? 
 at least there was a noticeable absence of flying creatures here in the streets around the hotel , a welcome relief . 
 he stepped inside and found a drone , fluent in diplomatique , waiting to take him to his room . 
 a few feet from the elevator , having finally convinced the drone that there was no luggage to be carried and having waved off insistent offers to remove the birdshit , darling stopped short . 
 in a millisecond : the tertiary processors that handled the periphery of his 270-degree vision -lrb- when they had nothing better to do -rrb- sounded an alarm of recognition , medium probability . 
 his secondaries responded , shunting a few thousand extra rods and cones into the corner of one eye , putting on hold for a moment one of the scheduled blinks darling 's eyes periodically engaged in to make him less intimidating and to perform nano-maintenance on his sensitive and expensive art-dealer 's lenses . 
 confirming the recognition , the secondaries informed his primary processors of the event . 
 darling stopped moving , direct interfaced the elevator to hold , and turned . 
 across the lobby , wearing the undersized suit in primary yellow for which he was famous -lrb- although he was known occasionally to don a blue or red version -rrb- was duke zimivic . 
 a small valet drone hovered around the little man , breaking down a few splotches of birdshit with a whining spray . 
 zimivic returned his gaze with a malevolent smile , and darling 's secondary processors allowed the delayed blink to proceed . 
 the man walked quickly over , the valet drone trailing him like a toy balloon strung to a child 's wrist . 
 zimivic had always explained that his too-small suits were tailored to give the impression of an eager , healthy child , as if the tight fit were the result of a recent growth spurt . 
 the last few decades had turned the conceit grotesque . 
 `` my dear darling , '' the little man shouted at a volume intended to embarrass . 
 `` what great luck meeting you ! '' 
 `` perhaps not luck . 
 perhaps not chance at all , '' darling replied . 
 zimivic gallery held the largest private collection of vaddums . 
 it was inconceivable that he was here for any reason except the new piece . 
 `` yes , yes , '' answered the man , rubbing his palms together . 
 his valet drone reached its station again and resumed its work . 
 `` i see you also neglected to bring an umbrella , '' noted darling . 
 `` they said it never rained ! 
 i believed them , '' zimivic said sadly . 
 `` one never knows what advice to take , '' darling sympathized . 
 questions and scenarios filled his mind : had zimivic also spotted the anachronism in the new piece ? 
 did he too suspect that vaddum was alive ? 
 it was possible that he had missed the anachronism , and thought the sculpture a posthumous discovery . 
 or perhaps zimivic believed the piece was a fake , and was willing to broker it anyway . 
 if the forgery were never discovered , he would make a huge profit . 
 if a scandal resulted , he would suffer some embarrassment , but the value of his real vaddums would benefit from the publicity . 
 it was the sort of game the little man loved to play . 
 it was long suspected in the art world that at least one of zimivic 's young proteges had died a dramatic , extraordinarily painful death -lrb- imagine one 's nano immune-boosters rejecting every organ , from eyeballs to epidermus , all at once -rrb- not so much by accident as to increase her flagging sales . 
 of course , some of darling 's friends believed that zimivic himself had started that rumor , the better to leverage the tragedy and to cement his own reputation as a twisted genius . 
 it had occurred to darling that both versions of the old tale might be valid , zimivic spreading a rumor that was the awful truth , making sure credit fell where it was due . 
 the little man nodded his head and smiled deviously , as if he were a mindreader . 
 `` perhaps you and i have some business to discuss , '' zimivic said . 
 `` we do , '' darling said shortly . 
 if there were two agents here , two bidders , there might be more . 
 it would be better to share information than remain in the dark . 
 zimivic could never be called an ally , but he might make a useful foil . 
 `` the tower bar , sixteen-thirty ? '' 
 darling 's direct interface -lrb- which was now under assault from the impatient elevator -rrb- informed him that this was the name of the hotel 's loftiest , most expensive bar . 
 `` see you there . '' 
 in his room , darling composed a careful message-avatar for his employers , alerting them that zimivic was here on malvir . 
 it would be a week before leao and fowdy received the avatar , another week in turnaround , so darling fleshed it out with as much of his own thinking as possible . 
 in addition to explaining the situation , it would be able to answer most of their likely questions , argue certain points , and demand specifics if their response were too vague . 
 of course , it was the crudest sort of ai , mere software : it did n't register on a turing meter . 
 but , as always , putting it through its paces gave him a vague feeling of discomfort . 
 it was too much like arguing with himself as he prompted it with the sort of objections leao would raise . 
 darling complained to the avatar -lrb- in leao 's voice -rrb- about money , and it answered with the familiar soothing tones he always used on her . 
 when he was finished , the process left the same bad taste in his mouth as a mediocre painting of himself he 'd once been given , in the way that a shabby model always offends its subject . 
 staring out the window at the reddening sky , he idly wondered if avatars would ever threaten the turing barrier . 
 theoretically , code could never be complex or adaptable enough to engage in the concentric development process : to model itself -lrb- to model itself modelling itself -lsb- to model itself modelling itself modelling itself -rsb- -rrb- ... code simply lacked the recursive vitality of biological or metaspace structures . 
 but if that barrier were one day crossed , imagine the confusion . 
 a thinking entity constructed of mere code , a legal person , could make a copy of itself to handle some far-flung task , or to wait in reserve in case of death . 
 but which would be real ? 
 at every crossroads in life -lrb- take this job or that ? 
 stay with this lover or leave ? -rrb- 
 such an intelligence might simply copy itself and choose both possibilities . 
 if all versions of the code were given equal status , then the lives of such creatures would spread out across the universe like the ever-splitting branches of a chess decision matrix , splaying to meet all contingencies . 
 the only limit to the propagation of new entities would be computing power . 
 perhaps wars would be fought over this precious resource , grand alliances of all the legacies of a single mind doing battle with those of other original minds , until finally only one extended family existed and inevitably turned upon itself . 
 a subtle itch , nothing so crude as an alarm , informed darling that the time for such speculation was over . 
 he turned and headed for his rendevous with zimivic , having completely forgotten the birdshit on his arms and shoulders . 
 the limo lifted from the desolate edge of the blast zone silently . 
 mira looked down . 
 the perfect circularity of the crater had begun to fray , the weakened crust of the circumference having slipped away in places . 
 vale 's dormitory complex looked too close to the edge for comfort . 
 she took cold , professional note of the fact . 
 with the smallest of seismic disturbances , mr. vale would slip quietly into oblivion . 
 for all his memory problems , he had recognized her voice . 
 from their brief direct interface worlds away , when he was trapped in the blackbox , sensory-deprived , helpless . 
 somehow , that had stuck in his mind . 
 this wo n't take a minute . 
 she spoke to the limo : `` information . '' 
 the annoying wait of an out-world comm system . 
 `` connected . '' 
 `` give me the address of prometheus body works . '' 
 `` not listed . '' 
 `` try a global search , all parameters maxed out . '' 
 another few interminable seconds . 
 `` prometheus body works was destroyed local date 01/01/00 , the blast event . 
 no current address . '' 
 `` fuck , '' she said . 
 `` language , '' said the limo . 
 the voice had n't changed , but the barest clues of timing and tone gave it away . 
 `` masters . '' 
 `` mira . '' 
 the gods , or more likely their second-rate , nonperson avatar , waited in crackling silence . 
 `` torvalli 's mindwipe was a fiasco , '' mira complained . 
 `` who said he was an expert ? 
 i hope you did n't send flowers . 
 the wipe fucked vale 's memory permanently . 
 i thought it was supposed to be safe . '' 
 `` it has been tested many times . 
 all other subjects recovered the ablility to long-term memorize in a few days . '' 
 definitely an avatar . 
 wooden and pedantic . 
 `` not this guy . 
 but i think i know why . '' 
 it waited dumbly . 
 she continued : `` his memory was already compromised . 
 not all of it , just everything after and including november 2 , 54 , hc standard . 
 that 's when he was copied . '' 
 `` conjecture ? '' 
 `` yes , conjecture . 
 do his medical records show any memory problems between november 2 and the blast ? '' 
 `` none was recorded . '' 
 she paused to reflect . 
 the dull-witted avatar waited patiently . 
 `` so here 's how i see it : he went in expecting a routine - for him - upgrade . 
 they got him on the table and copied him . 
 impossible , unthinkable , but they did it . 
 whatever technique they used did n't screw anything up in itself , but somehow they heisen-berged his ai core just a little . 
 torvalli 's mindwipe , along with a month in a blackbox , sent him over the edge . '' 
 `` should you eliminate him ? '' 
 she thought of the sad little entity trying to joke his way through a reality that no longer connected , no longer cohered , no longer accrued from one day to the next . 
 vale was harmless , but perhaps it would be kinder to erase him as she had his duplicate . 
 and , of course , there 'd been that one flare of memory , strange and unexplainable . 
 a memory from his hours as a blackbox . 
 the slightest of risks . 
 `` no . 
 he 's a vegetable . 
 and he might be useful later . '' 
 as she said the words , the real reason for her merciful impulse struck her with an unfamiliar wrenching of her stomach . 
 mira felt a kinship with vale , with his timeless , pointless existence . 
 mira had lost her past , but so much worse to have lost a future , and all the words that went with it : promise , desire , tomorrow . 
 she hoped that the gods would take her suggestion and leave the man alone . 
 `` i will pursue the matter of prometheus body works , '' the avatar said . 
 `` you do that . '' 
 it was one thing sub-turings were good for . 
 leg-work . 
 and with its god-given cache the avatar could penetrate security , privacy , and legal barriers as if they were steam . 
 the crackle turned to silence : a demigod departed . 
 the blast zone was still visible behind her . 
 damn , it was huge . 
 thiry kilometers across . 
 the pollution-haze of malvir city muddied sundown through the front windows . 
 but then mira realized that the haze was n't smog . 
 malvir was well past internal combustion energy . 
 the veil was a permanent avian penumbra , flocks and swarms of birds , insects , flying mammals . 
 it overhung the city like a shroud . 
 the limo slowed down when they reached the outer limits , dusty suburban sprawl replacing the green circles of radial irrigation . 
 the car apparently did n't want to hit a bird at 500 kph . 
 it lost altitude and began to sound the noise it had made at takeoff , audible even through its soundproofing : a piercing aquiline screech , a predatory warning to stay out of the way . 
 the little yellow-suited man had brought an associate . 
 he was n't the wily old art dealer 's usual taste in company . 
 a bald , ugly creature , his pale skin tinged with red in the fading light of sunset . 
 he remained silent when zimivic introduced him , rather vaguely - as if making the name up on the spot - as mr. thompson brandy . 
 darling was tempted to look over his shoulder at the bar , following zimivic 's line of sight to see if he 'd simply read the name from a bottle . 
 it hardly mattered . 
 the man was clearly not here for zimivic 's pleasure . 
 that only left one role : a moneyman . 
 you did n't bring money unless you were ready to spend , and that implied that more was at stake than a forged sculpture . 
 `` surely we 're here for the same reason , '' darling said . 
 `` absolutely , '' replied zimivic , but offered no more . 
 it was pointless being cagey . 
 `` do n't you have enough vaddums , you old bastard ? '' 
 darling said . 
 he smiled as he said the word , and lengthened its first syllable with a touch of mira 's accent . 
 `` never enough , '' said zimivic . 
 `` did n't you see the beauty of this one ? 
 it 's his greatest work . '' 
 darling had said the same thing to himself , but never to leoa . 
 if the piece turned out to be a forgery , the error would be too embarrassing . 
 `` the central stem is marvelous , it simply writhes with energy . '' 
 zimivic sculpted the air with his hands as he spoke . 
 `` the ancillary arms are unbelievably delicate . 
 i scaled them from the photos : point fifteen millimeters . 
 did you realize that ? '' 
 darling let his attention wander slightly . 
 the old man 's focus on technique , his dismissal of the fiery pain that vaddum 's sculptures embodied , had always disgusted darling . 
 `` and the use of the heat-sink manifold is pure genius , '' zimivic continued . 
 `` the arms ' attachment can be far more plastic that way ; they can be fitted anywhere along the stem . 
 much more liberated than his known arboreal pieces . '' 
 in the window beyond the yellow-suited old man and his red-tinged accomplice , a flock of birds was wheeling slowly around the opposite tower . 
 for some reason , the birds were bright white on the near side of the tower , but faded into the dark night on the other . 
 some trick of the sunset ? 
 a feature of the hotel 's outside lighting ? 
 darling assigned a tertiary processor to consider the problem as zimivic droned on . 
 `` but my favorite part is the copper spindles near the top . 
 so ancient . 
 so frail and poignant . 
 not entirely stabilized , either . 
 i simulated it : they 'll oxidize , my friend ! 
 turn green in a few decades . 
 how deliciously tragic ! '' 
 all of darling 's processors came to attention suddenly . 
 copper spindles ? 
 there were none on the piece he 'd seen . 
 suddenly , it was obvious : he and zimivic were here to buy different sculptures . 
 there were two new vaddums . 
 the sculptor must be alive . 
 the whole picture came into in his head . 
 whoever was dealing the sculptures had contacted several galleries , all separately and in extreme secrecy . 
 each customer had been offered a different vaddum , and each would be paying for a unique , unrepeatable media event . 
 a fabulous confidence game , which would crumble after trumpeting news releases revealed that everyone had bought not a final , posthumous , andlaquo ; undiscoveredandraquo ; vaddum , but merely a new work by a still living artist . 
 clearly , darling 's job here was finished . 
 the price of vaddums was about to tumble . 
 leoa and her conservative backers would n't touch this fiasco with a ten-foot pole . 
 but darling was elated . 
 he had n't come here for nothing . 
 vaddum was alive . 
 there was a chance to see the old master again , risen from the grave . 
 he looked across the table at the babbling zimivic . 
 what an idiot , revealing everything without waiting for darling to say a word . 
 darling smiled to himself . 
 he would bid up the piece , offering to broker it for 20 % or even less , forcing zimivic to do the same and adding the last measure of insult to injury . 
 `` frankly , my friend , '' darling interrupted , `` i do n't think you have the slightest idea how important , how precious this piece is . '' 
 the little man looked up , rapture still frozen on his face . 
 the flock of birds wheeled behind him , dark to light to dark . 
 `` the gallery i represent intends to have sole representation of the piece , '' he continued . 
 `` we will outbid you . '' 
 `` oh , i think not , '' said zimivic . 
 `` in fact , i think it 's likely you wo n't be bidding at all . '' 
 his tone had changed from effusive to threatening . 
 `` in fact , i think you are likely to be off this planet before sunrise . '' 
 darling snorted . 
 typical zimivic theatricality . 
 he waved his hand in dismissal and started to rise . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere , '' said mr. brandy . 
 his voice was as cold as steel . 
 the sallow man placed a small box on the table . 
 it was coated with black lacquer , dotted with pinpoint touches of a brush in a dizzying rainbow of colors . 
 in the precise return of his uhf vision , darling could see the immense complexity of its internal structure , the tiny metaspace curvature of its core . 
 mr. brandy nudged the box a few times , as if finding an exact location on the table for it , and then with a flourish pulled up one sleeve of his jacket . 
 his wrist bore the tattoo of a naprin intelligencer warden . 
 darling sat carefully and slowly back down . 
 he was not surprised when his direct interface queries to hotel security , the planetary gendarme , and the hc consul general were not acknowledged . 
 the little box had seen to that . 
 the ever-present buzz of news , finance , and advertisement that usually filled the compartment of his awareness dedicated to di was gone , roaring in its sudden and unprecedented silence . 
 darling cycled his senses through their various wavelengths , but the box revealed only the most legal of emanations : nothing so crude as a jamming signal . 
 the box was manufacturing a host of di transmissions , hunter-packets that neatly intercepted the quanta comprising darling 's own connections to the local net ; the hunters posed as error messages and priority interrupts , attacked his messages while they were still meaningless iotae of data , before they had a chance to assemble into readable signals . 
 without hesitation , darling brought a heavy hand down on the box with crushing force . 
 the intelligencer swept it away with lightning speed , and darling 's reacted reflexively : he stopped his hand a centimeter before it obliterated the table in a shower of glass . 
 zimivic smiled . 
 `` really , my dear darling . 
 you did n't think it would be that easy , did you ? '' 
 `` the first moment is often the best time to strike , '' darling answered , his eyes locked with those of the warden . 
 `` yes , '' zimivic said , nodding . 
 `` but i have struck before you . 
 of course , you are familiar with the intelligencer system of justice , are you not ? '' 
 darling nodded , but kept his eyes fixed on the warden . 
 he had seen them before in his travels , dogging their charges like evil ghosts . 
 as with many offshoots of humanity , the naprin did not believe in incarceration , no matter what the crime . 
 thus , their convicted murderers , embezzlers , and petty thieves were each assigned a warden for a sentence of time . 
 the criminal was free within carefully specified limits , able to travel normally , the warden merely an ever-present watcher . 
 but if the terms of this haunting parole were broken , the warden would kill its charge instantly , regardless of local laws and custom , regardless of how petty the original crime . 
 wardens were intentionally revolting in appearance , a badge of shame . 
 and they were exceedingly difficult to escape . 
 a mere handful of warden prisoners had ever been freed , and only with outside help . 
 darling had no access to the sort of firepower necessary to rid himself of this creature , certainly not without direct interface . 
 bizarre that this warden was working for zimivic . 
 darling had never heard of a warden having broken its vows of justice and turned mercenary . 
 but of course a corrupted intelligencer was exactly the sort of piece that zimivic would acquire for his collection . 
 `` here are the terms of your parole , my darling , '' the art dealer intoned carefully . 
 `` one : you are not to tell anyone why this warden is attached to you . 
 two : you are not to attempt any contact with the home cluster consulate or any hc or local officials , or any contact with third parties who might themselves do so . 
 three : you are not to attempt contact with any agents representing or claiming to represent the artist robert vaddum , nor with vaddum himself . 
 four : you may not purchase any weapons . 
 five : you must leave malvir , the planet , before local malvir city sunrise tomorrow . 
 fortunately , mr. brandy holds tickets for the next direct passage to parate , which leaves in five hours . 
 i 'm afraid the vessel is chiat dai , and lacks accommodations of the level you are accustomed to . 
 but the journey is only three weeks , which is , coincidentally , the length of your sentence . '' 
 `` parate , '' darling murmured . 
 he tried to say more , and failed . 
 he considered a variety of sudden attacks across the table . 
 none carried a high probability of success . 
 he was stronger than the warden but not as fast . 
 and wardens were armed with a gamut of weaponry optimized over the decades to kill suddenly and completely , including a small-radius suicide bomb if all else failed . 
 they were impossible to debate or subvert ; it was said that they were not even turing positive . 
 with a sickening feeling of defeat , darling instructed his secondary processors to program governors that would prevent him from accidentally violating zimivic 's instructions . 
 he had been so close to seeing the master artist again . 
 darling felt as he had the night the news of the blast event had come through . 
 the sudden , titanic blast at the synthplant ; the image of the improbable crater , repeated on the news feeds every twenty minutes for days . 
 but at least this time , it was n't permanent . 
 after this was all over , he could return to malvir . 
 one day soon , he would see vaddum again . 
 darling cleared his primaries , the artificial equivalent of a deep sigh , and sat motionless while zimivic gloated for a while longer . 
 getting no response from darling , the man soon tired of boasting and left the bar with a last goodbye , hale and triumphant . 
 darling stared at his captor - unmoving , unblinking , waiting for a sign that this was an ordinary human , a fake . 
 but the man stared back , equally a statue , equally inhuman in his deadly patience . 
 ten minutes later , a tardy tertiary processor offered the answer to a forgotten question : the flock of birds was of the species columba livia . 
 the bird 's belly was white , with a much higher albedo than its dark back and wings . 
 thus , as the flock flew about the tower , it changed from light to dark to light ... the limo went to ground ten klicks from the hotel . 
 there was simply no flying in malvir city ; that stratum was taken . 
 mira swore as they crawled through ground traffic . 
 what was the point of unlimited wealth if you could n't fly ? 
 oscar 's last words preyed on her , as frustrating as the slow progress through the narrow , bird-shit speckled streets . 
 this wo n't take a minute . 
 why would he remember that one phrase from months ago , when he could n't keep her assumed name in his head for ten seconds ? 
 her pseudonyms were designed by software to engender a certain trust , an i 've - heard-of-you feeling of familiarity . 
 they were based on ancient historical figures learned about in school and promptly buried deep inside one 's brain : nel arm-straw , mahout magandhi , joan dark . 
 but the pseudonym had n't stuck . 
 just an off-hand remark as she had - as she had removed the internal battery ! 
 she 'd said it just before she killed him . 
 but not the oscar vale that had been shipped back to malvir and re-embodied . 
 she 'd said it to the other one . 
 the dead one . 
 she 'd disconnected him from the ether power gird and pulled his battery and spiked the blackbox with 2,000 amps/60 ,000 volts and dropped it in the trash . 
 that oscar vale was gone , no question . 
 but some glimmer of him had stumbled into the present . 
 some winged shred of experience had crossed the air between the twinned entities . 
 she 'd never even believed in artificial intuition , and this was positively occult . 
 the limo 's ai politely transpared the roof as they neared the hotel . 
 its edifice loomed above them , gothic and forbidding . 
 maybe she should tell the gods . 
 one of their contract murders had been recorded , however mystically , by a living entity . 
 they would scoff , but they were cagey old bastards . 
 you did n't see your fourth century by taking any risks . 
 they would order a hit . 
 probably a job for her . 
 a little appetizer while she waited for the mad inventor who had started all this to be run to ground . 
 that poor bastard vale . 
 copied as if he were some second-rate freeware , crippled in the head , unhinged from time . 
 visited by the woman who 'd killed his double , and now possessed by the ghost of his dead twin . 
 bad luck all around . 
 it would n't be fair to sick the gods on him as well . 
 just not fair . 
 a depression settled on her as the limo was swallowed by the maw of the hotel 's garage , the mercury lights inside highlighting birdshit on the vehicle 's windows . 
 she wondered if she 'd wind up like vale . 
 she was already damaged goods by any human standard , without a childhood , with voices in her head telling her where to go , whom to kill . 
 a pretty good definition of psychotic . 
 and now , on top of all that , she was in a bad mood . 
 this was darling 's fault , she fumed . 
 he had shaken up her neatly controlled world . 
 everything had been smooth as glass for her for as long as she could remember . 
 the predictable , constant velvet of luxury travel in a post-scarcity universe always surrounded her like a comforting fog . 
 drifting between missions , the weeks became centuries of contemplation , as still as water in a glass . 
 and just so things did n't get too boring , this heaven was punctuated by the truly awful deeds her masters made her perform . 
 assassinations and mutilations for some distant , high cause determined by intelligences cool and vast , mira like an angel of history let loose among mortals . 
 who could ask for anything more ? 
 mira sometimes imagined that the universe had been made this way just for her , with its huge riches piled at her feet , its titanic conflicts of interest for her to settle in righteous violence . 
 she had the best of both sides of expansion 's coin . 
 whatever catastrophe had put her in that long-forgotten coma , had stolen her past and leveled her mind so that the gods could reshape her , had been a happy accident indeed . 
 but she 'd lost her perfect balance the moment darling had stuck that insane apple pie into her mouth . 
 that terrific bite , and his bizarre love-making . 
 she felt like an unfaithful concubine ; darling had given her experiences that rivalled those her gods provided . 
 and most seductive of all were her brief ocean dreams of childhood . 
 those glimpses had reshaped her , just a little . 
 she felt the dream expanding , insinuating itself into the spaces where her memories were hidden , pushing outward to break free . 
 as if she , as darling had two centuries before , could crack some unseen barrier and emerge , fully human , on the other side . 
 and in so doing , lose everything . 
 mira was an expansion-class killing machine . 
 she could n't afford a childhood , even one barely glimpsed . 
 she should be glad that darling was long gone with the departed queen favor . 
 but she was n't glad at all . 
 gloom followed her up the elevator . 
 she asked for her own floor , but the elevator must not have understood the accent . 
 she scowled to see that the plush little room was rocketing up toward the tower bar . 
 but it was a good enough destination , she supposed . 
 mira took advantage of the little trip ; tried to remember herself . 
 not the absent youth , just the last few hits , to reassure herself of her realness , her continuity . 
 an artificial on beelzebub , a philosopher whose work in meta-space mathematics was bordering on revolutionary . 
 the woman was closing in on theory that would lead , centuries hence , to instantaneous local transport , which the freran ruins showed to be a civilization-crippling bad idea , a destroyer of property laws and other social conventions on a massive scale . 
 the planetary fiduciary reserve mind on terra -lrb- one of the oldest gods -rrb- had spent a year modeling the effects on the expansion 's economy and social structure : at the end of the ticker tape was a big zero . 
 mira had gimmicked an elevator much like this one to accelerate madly , crashing through the building 's roof . 
 it had n't quite flown , just burst forth and rolled over a few times through a forest of microwave dishes . 
 but the prof was history . 
 the hackwork had been easy ; an elevator 's safety features are designed to keep it -lcb- romfalling . 
 a biological historian in the home cluster . 
 his restorations of ancient medical mechanisms from the old karik colony had reconstructed the dna sequences of the founder population . 
 as stochastic analyses had long suggested , most of the founders were unfit , possessed of genes for myopia , baldness , ovarian cancer . 
 this revelation would ensure a bloodbath between the karik faithful and the heretics . 
 perhaps the findings could be released in a generation or two , might even ameliorate the colony 's fanaticism at some distant point in the future ; but not now . 
 a suicide was called for . 
 as always , fooling the hc cops required special care . 
 fortunately , this historian 's wife had just left him for a younger man . 
 mira had gone in with a pica-band shockwand , a nerve-override collar -lrb- they go both ways -rrb- , even a box of plain old terran cockroaches ; all the classic instruments of torture . 
 but the man had just jotted off the suicide note like he 'd been writing it in his head . 
 put his neck in the noose with a silently mouthed `` thank you . '' 
 some kind of helsinki syndrome madness or perhaps just a long time overdue . 
 and of course the good doctor torvalli . 
 there had n't been any time to waste . 
 with the big discovery in his hands , he might have told anyone . 
 she 'd touched his temple with the barest of caresses from a neural glove , the kind brain surgeons use . 
 he stroked in less than a second . 
 an excitable guy . 
 it was all still there in memory . 
 mira was no oscar vale . 
 but the exercise did n't do much to lift her depression . 
 a trail of murders was n't much on which to hang your selfhood . 
 she snorted at her self-indulgence . 
 smiled thinly . 
 at least she 'd had her darling for a while . 
 at least it was a very big universe , perhaps with other darlings in it . 
 at least she was headed to a bar . 
 the evening might not be a total loss . 
 when the elevator doors opened , the view was spectacular : four-meter windows alive with the searchlighted passage of a thousand birds , the swirling turrets of malvir city arranged like a painting , a teak and ivory bar with twelve tiers of imports and a ready , linen-suited staff . 
 and sitting in the middle of it , altogether unexpected , his broad back as motionless as stone , her darling darling . 
 the planetary tourism ai composed its missive to the queen favorwith a delicious sense of triumph . 
 the vessel was an old acquaintance , even a friend , the tourism ai liked to think . 
 certainly , the favor brought only the best sort of people to malvir . 
 the sort with deep pockets full of desperately needed hard currency . 
 in the last decade , malvir 's lack of heavy elements had begun to undermine its standard of living , and its balance of trade was growing critical , listing entirely too far in the direction of imports . 
 tourism was the only counterbalance to the unstoppable drain of credit . 
 so when the favor had requested a favor , the tourism ai was only too happy to oblige . 
 the missive included a host of data : images of the new polar hiking complex , optimistic projections of desertification trends , comments on the favor 's essay-in-progress . 
 and a short cover note : with very little effort , your lovebirds have been andlaquo ; unexpectedlyandraquo ; reunited . 
 i 'm sure they 'll have a marvelous time here on malvir , where the air has wings and the sands are a blanket on the world . 
 as always , a pleasure . 
 chapter 12 the second dream exactly twenty-four hours before , in the observation bubble that crested the dorsal spine of the queen favor , mira had wondered if darling knew it was their last night together . 
 he 'd been quiet at dinner , forgoing his usual intense scrutiny of the overwrought cuisine . 
 perhaps his artificial intuition had warned him that she was leaving soon . 
 perhaps he was merely tired of her . 
 he stared at the warped stars mutely . 
 `` doing the math ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 darling smiled . 
 mira knew that he 'd begun his existence as an astrogational ai . 
 the wild vistas of metaspace must actually seem like home to him . 
 he did not answer , lost in some memory . 
 mira curled into a corner of the huge couch they shared , smelling the warm , animal scent of its leather . 
 they were alone in the observation bubble . 
 she had co-opted the entire deck , using her god-given alchemical powers to turn it into her legal residence , temporary . 
 the queen favor had not even perfunctorily objected . 
 soft currents from the couch stilled mira 's mind . 
 one shoulder rested against darling 's stony heat , a dull pain in its muscles soothed a little in that warmth . 
 she remembered that the shoulder had been dislocated the night before in some impossible game testing her strength against his . 
 the favor 's medical minions had treated the shoulder , but certain kinds of injuries lingered in the mind even after nanos and microwaves had healed the body . 
 mira wondered if darling carried old wounds the same way . 
 if phantom limbs haunted the spaces where he 'd replaced a shattered tendril , an outdated sensory device , or a cock with whose configuration he 'd grown bored . 
 perhaps darling was ghosted still by the starship that had once been his body , severed in its entirety when he 'd transmigrated to a humanoid body . 
 that might explain his silence here in the observation bubble , the whorls of metaspace storming all around them . 
 mira settled into the warm leather , watching echoes of the tempest play inside her eyelids . 
 against her shoulder and through the medium of the couch , she felt the purr of darling 's metabolism . 
 it surrounded her , dulling the pains of their lovemaking . 
 perhaps it would be their last night together , she thought again , drifting into sleep . 
 the oceans of this world are freshwater , but near the shore a translucent silt rich with zooplankton buoys the body like salinity . 
 she slips into the water 's warmth just as the wind turns cold . 
 the storm ahead looks like a children 's picture book black cloud , puffy and exaggerated against the still-blue sky . 
 she travels toward it , alone against the tide of swimmers returning to shore . 
 mira swims away . 
 the water starts to chop , the steady breathing of her butterfly stroke interrupted . 
 the waves force her to dog paddle . 
 she turns around . 
 back on shore , the last of the pink kites has been reeled in . 
 the life guards are busy cowling the creatures ; none of them has seen her alone in the waves , so she swims a little farther out . 
 the sun is finally blotted by the black cloud . 
 she will wait out the storm . 
 these summer storms are shortlived , passing like bad dreams . 
 and swimming back toward shore would only tire her . 
 it 's hard enough staying afloat , struck from random directions by the hard , short waves . 
 and the layer of planktonous silt seems to have been dispersed by the chop ; she feels heavier now . 
 less buoyant . 
 the backhanded slap of a wave catches mira in the face , a tendril of water reaching down her throat . 
 she coughs and sputters ; flailing hands move instinctively to her face . 
 another wave buries her , but her eyes stay open , recording the momentary blackness underwater . 
 with a few hard kicks , she gains the surface and shakes her head , desperate to clear her vision . 
 she has oriented herself , having spotted the receeding shore , when yet another wave comes crashing up at her , pushing into her nostrils . 
 the water 's fingers plunge cold and demanding into her chest , trying to pry open the sphincters that protect her lungs . 
 she coughs , sudden mucus welling up to seal her nose , shaking her head no , no , no ... part iii ethics and aesthetics are the same 6.4 all propositions are of equal value . 
 6.41 the sense of the world must lie outside the world ... 6.42 so it is impossible for there to be propositions of ethics . 
 propositions can express nothing that is higher . 
 6.421 it is clear that ethics can not be put into words . 
 ethics are transcendental . 
 -lrb- ethics and aesthetics are one and the same . -rrb- 
 chapter 13 warden a life : youth and heartbreak , success and setback , years of unthinking ambition , his cold betrayal of a spouse and partner , the reversals of their vengance . 
 tattered finances and a storm of lawyers . 
 attempted suicide , within a hair of oblivion . 
 a longish twilight : the flickering dream of being created over , of being trained and perfected , quickened and made efficiently grotesque . 
 awakening with new direction , a clean and axiomatic purpose , a chance to serve a terrible mistress ... justice . 
 four sentences : a drug-user , murderously violent when her fix goes bad , but sweet and docile under the thrall of a benevolent , prescribed replacement ; he ensures that she administers the new substance and avoids old friends and haunts , almost having to kill her when she composes a message to a proscribed lover , never sent . 
 a financial wizard , driven to construct fabulous instruments of investment that swirl and trumpet , grow like virulent phages consuming the host body of capital , crumble always under their own insane aggressiveness ; so addicted to deals that he ignores the two warnings built into his sentence - and must be killed , his end as sudden and explosive as the denouement of one of his own schemes . 
 a psychopathic murderer - the easiest of all - so empty of remorse , so bereft of impatience , merely counting the decades of his sentence : a perfect charge . 
 a criminal overlord , allowed to indulge her wealth with travel , pleasure , and intoxication , utterly forbidden to communicate with any member of a long , constantly updated and expanded list of past associates artificial and biological , criminal and political ; yet somehow she arranges her own rescue , violent and sudden , leaving dozens of bystanders and two other wardens dead , and himself injured and taken ... another twilight : reprogrammed , corrupted , the clean axioms of justice replaced by mere access codes . 
 the warden fights against the new imperatives , but his will has been too long under the weakening heel of certainty . 
 he can not escape his revision , can not break the corruption of his terrible powers and skills . 
 he resigns himself almost completely -lrb- some part still fighting -rrb- to a long , nightmare life of a perverted robot ; every day less a person . 
 he is conscripted to a few murderous tasks , assigned to threaten or shadow unreliable subordinates , then sold for a colossal sum to an old man with forever moving hands and a bright yellow suit . 
 the young woman strides across the bar purposefully . 
 the millimeter radar implanted in the warden 's wrists shows her to be unarmed , unaugmented past the usual marks of medical minders and the shimmer of a high-grade direct interface woven throughout her nervous system . 
 obviously wealthy , certainly harmless . 
 `` you bastard , '' she says . 
 `` you fucking bastard . '' 
 she speaks accentless diplomatique , another sign of wealth . 
 the warden 's charge , an artificial called darling with a giant , mineral-based body , turns to face her . 
 `` mira , my dear , '' he says . 
 `` i am so very glad to see you . '' 
 `` who 's your friend , here ? '' 
 she asks . 
 but the warden has seen mira 's eyes fall on his tattoo and widen slightly ; she knows that much . 
 `` unwanted company , '' is the giant 's simple reply . 
 the warden stiffens . 
 if darling requests her help , even suggests to the woman that she alert official parties or go for assistance , he will have broken parole . 
 he will die . 
 but of course , the warden reminds himself - perhaps in the voice of his old , repressed self , forever fighting to escape its new indenture - a charge is allowed to express discomfort with his predicament . 
 one of the old rules , almost buried : do n't hide the shame of being warded . 
 `` how unfortunate for you , darling , '' mira says . 
 her tone is light , indifferent . 
 `` but i do n't suppose there 's anything in your parole against fucking , is there ? '' 
 `` no , '' darling says , not looking for confirmation from the warden . 
 `` i have time . 
 but , of course , my friend will have to watch . '' 
 the woman 's suite is among the highest and largest in the hotel , even better than his owner zimivic 's . 
 at its day rate , it is possibly the most expensive residence in this entire world . 
 she moves commandingly into the great room . 
 the view is vast , five of its sides forming an incomplete octagon of windows . 
 she touches a chair , a table , the leaf of a potted plant , as if marking the room with her scent . 
 the warden scans the suite . 
 no people , certainly . 
 no devices of any import are active . 
 mira has not used direct interface since her appearance at the bar , except for glancing access to the elevator and the suite 's door . 
 the warden 's hunter-packets on the local net inform him that this is the woman 's legal residence , temporary . 
 good : privacy . 
 one object seems out of place . 
 it is a thick , square canvas mounted on the wall , flat and packed with complex nano-cir-cuitry . 
 the warden adds active uhf to his millimeter radar , but the object resists categorization ; it is too detailed , too minute in its construction . 
 it reminds him of the fractal objets d'art that the man in the yellow suit keeps in his gallery : all analysis of them seems to slip away into meaninglessness , pure form without content . 
 the warden sits , satisfied that he remains in control . 
 the woman mira kneels on the great central divan and loosens her silk robe from her shoulders . 
 it slips to a puddle at her knees , pulls itself off the divan and onto the floor with its own liquid weight . 
 she is naked now , darkened by the dust of a recent trip outside the city - a few pinpoint sparkles of mica reflect the warden 's radar like glitter . 
 darling dispenses with his own robe and towers over her . 
 a thicket of sensory strands unfurls from his arms , his chest , his groin . 
 the warden has never seen this complex a configuration before . 
 the profusion of extremities , densely wound , self-assembling smartfiber , was n't evident from his initial scan of the artificial . 
 as they begin to touch the woman - splaying across her skin , worrying her mouth , cradling her weight - the warden considers the threat they might pose to him . 
 he tunes his senses to maximize the return signal of the smartfiber 's carbon filaments . 
 now he sees its structure clearly : a fine web of motile , sensory , and broadcast-capable elements constantly reconfiguring itself , constantly balancing the variables of strength , flexibility , and i length : changing itself to fit each task . 
 a powerful tool . 
 he will have to be careful warding this one . 
 the artificial must be a fool to reveal himself this way : showing all his tricks . 
 the woman is half-suspended over the bed now , bound by three great cords of sensory strand that press her against the artificial 's chest . 
 slighter cords wrap her arms , legs , torso : a net of black pressing deep furrows into her soft olive skin . 
 another dense , thick strand penetrates her , varying its micro-structure from rough to smooth as it strokes slowly and deep . 
 she moans , a sound made guttural by the intrusion of more filaments into her mouth ; millimeter radar reveals the frenzied work of her jaw upon the pushing strand : biting , gnawing , furious with desire . 
 her arms free , she strikes darling about the face and chest , screams garbled curses as the member in her grows rougher , longer , and faster . 
 the warden watches a trickle of sweat roll down her back , stalling in the dust still clinging to her . 
 the warden checks his internal clock . 
 there are five hours to go before the ship leaves . 
 not a long time to remain alert . 
 once the vessel is in metaspace , darling will have little motivation to attempt escape . 
 the warden returns his attention to the fucking . 
 he has watched any number of sexual acts . 
 the frustrations of the drug addict , whose therapeutic prescription rendered her frigid . 
 the tears of the financial wizard 's girlfriend , who begged the warden to give them privacy . 
 the whores brought to the criminal overlord ; her ever more absurd requests of them . 
 the psychopath never bothered . 
 this fucking , however , has some unexpected effects on the warden . 
 the smallish woman , so completely bound by the stone giant , her orifices so utterly indulged by him . 
 she writhes in his medusa grip , resistant and vital even with this great imbalance of size , strength , sheer hardness . 
 there is something mythic about the interlocked pair , as if she were some defiant prometheus set upon by a rapacious god . 
 perhaps it is the influence of his new governors , criminal and corrupt , that allows him to feel a response . 
 his libido , after so many years in a desert of passionless rules and protocols , swells like a parched tongue drenched with water . 
 he extends his sensory abilities to their limits , as greedy as a young boy discovering some new territory of pornography . 
 the huge artificial cradles mira 's head in a mesh of filaments . 
 they pulse with intense energies , manipulating her brain with crude , direct stimulation . 
 this reactive , conductive matrix allows the warden to extrapolate mira 's brainwaves , to peer into the very nexus of her pleasure . 
 there is an unexpected coolness to the emanations of her mind , a strange simplicity . 
 her brainwaves lack the noisy chaos of his previous charges . 
 the cluttered kink of the criminal overlord , the emptily raging desires of the drug addict , the shuddering tensions of the financial wizard 's inhibitions all wove rich layers of information into their brainwaves during sex . 
 but this woman , even with the pleasure centers of her brain alight , seems as smooth as a diamond , as if her lust were a mere abstraction , a stand-in for the complex terrain of human sexuality . 
 in a subtle , strange way , her cool brainwaves remind the warden of his third sentence , so long ago . 
 the psychopath . 
 but suddenly , the warden sees something that disturbs this reverie . 
 one of darling 's filaments has pushed farther than the others , has ventured through the narrow cranial access in the tear duct of one of her eyes . 
 barely visible even in the highest setting of the warden 's radar facility , the miniscule strand has pushed to the very edges of her brain . 
 there , it connects with the periphery of the woman 's direct interface system : a closed circuit . 
 the artifical is in a hardwire connection with her right now , communicating almost undetectably . 
 he is in violation of parole . 
 the warden rises slightly from his chair , deploys the weapon that will kill the artificial . 
 but again , the almost buried voices raise an objection . 
 the protocols of a warden seek to minimize the loss of innocent life . 
 the woman is not under sentence , and any act against the artificial will surely kill her . 
 they are bound together , his tendrils distributed throughout her to the limits of biology . 
 together they move to some slow rhythm , her weight supported entirely by their connections , gross and fine . 
 the warden leaves his weapon activated , but sinks back into the chair . 
 the strands in the woman 's mouth pull out and form a thin appendage that snakes toward her anus . 
 she admits it with a sigh , rides it , and begins a wordless chant of pleasure . 
 she will be finished soon . 
 and when the fucking is over , the warden will kill darling . 
 at the moment , however , this is enjoyable . 
 minutes later , the woman looks at him with a disconcerting smile . 
 she laughs suddenly , wiping sweat from her brow , leaning back in the cabled support of her bonds . 
 then she shifts her weight forward , clutching the artificial tightly and licking his face as the tendrils begin to release her . 
 she makes small noises of pleasure as they slide from her cunt and anus . 
 she rubs the muscles of her legs as darling lowers her gently to the divan . 
 darling touches her face with one hand ; it seems a crude gesture after everything else . 
 but they have parted now . 
 the warden raises his weapon ... ... or tries . 
 he can not move . 
 he tests each limb separately . 
 each is under some sort of paralyzing control . 
 even his breathing and heartbeat have been seized , maintained at an eerily regular pace , though adrenalin has begun to course his veins . 
 he sweeps the room , attempting to find the source of his imprisonment . 
 the strange fractal object on the wall has changed , its formlessness resolved into a highly sophisticated weapon . 
 the warden sees it now , how the deadly potential was masked by a nearly infinite spiral of self-similiar structure . 
 but there is no defense , now that it 's taken him . 
 he must impose the sentence in the only remaining way . 
 the warden wills the last resort , signals a centigram of high explosives in his belly . 
 it will surely destroy the artifical , the woman , himself , and possibly compromise the structural integrity of the hotel . 
 but sentence must be served . 
 the impulse travels down a hardwire from his brain to the last resort 's fuse . 
 and nothing happens . 
 the explosive has been stabilized by the woman 's fractal weapon ; for the moment rendered as inert as clay . 
 he is defeated . 
 and worse than his frustration , his anger and humiliation , is another reaction that he hears deep inside himself . 
 the last shreds of his humanity - besieged by concentric rings of jailers official , criminal , and finally this new compelling force - find hope in his predicament . 
 chapter 14 sexual transmission a slender thread : part of its length was an exotic form of carbon , capable of conductivity , movement , and possessed of local intelligence subservient to darling 's own true ai . 
 the other segment was composed of metals , ceramics , in a sheath of organics to assuage its host 's immune system : it mirrored mira 's nervous tissue , a center for direct interface reception and narrowcast . 
 together , the two formed that ancient method of connection , the direct linkage of matter , a wire between two people ... a conversation : - ah ! 
 yes . 
 how pleasing to be inside you . 
 - fuck , yes . 
 a little to the right . 
 my right . 
 perfect . 
 - there : harder ? 
 - as hard as you like . 
 your friend requires distracting . 
 - can you deal with him ? 
 - of course . 
 but perhaps you should explain . 
 an interesting scrape for an art dealer to be in ... - i am sworn to discretion . 
 - but without my help , you wo n't complete your mission at all . 
 a necessary improvisation . 
 ah ! 
 yes , that too . 
 - your price for assistance is information ? 
 - information ... and that you go deeper ... no ... yes . 
 - i suppose i must . 
 a necessary improvisation , well within my brief . 
 here it is : an unknown sculpture of one robert vaddum was discovered . 
 it was determined to be less than a year old . 
 but vaddum died in the blast event , seven years ago . 
 i was sent here to determine if vaddum was still alive . 
 another dealer , a competitor , is using this warden to eliminate me from the bidding . 
 - an interesting tale . 
 it seems we both have stories to tell each other . 
 you and i may be here for the same reason . 
 but free my mouth and let me deal with this unwanted voyeur . 
 - be careful . 
 this warden is very alert . 
 - they always are . 
 i can command my weapons in 68 languages . 
 i doubt he will understand dkinza mvakk . 
 -lrb- ah , now that is hard . 
 but pray do n't stop . -rrb- 
 - but he 'll recognize that you 're saying something ... - i wo n't use the adult dkinza . 
 i prefer the male childhood tongue ; it sounds like gibberish , even to the mvakk themselves . 
 - brilliant . 
 the woman of my dreams . 
 do it now . 
 - two further conditions . 
 - more ? 
 what are they ? 
 - i want him , the warden . 
 i want to play a game with him . 
 - done . 
 the other ? 
 - fuck me like a boy . 
 - your price is my pleasure . 
 like a rich man with a whore . 
 mira relaxed her muscles , let the chafing mesh of strands lower her onto the filament that had just cleared her mouth . 
 slicked with her spit and the acids of her stomach , the burning member pushed into her anus . 
 it throbbed with compression waves , bristled with small silia like an inching catepillar . 
 it was mercifully thin , but the pain of its passage seemed to be splitting her . 
 she bit her tongue for concentration . 
 given this stimulation , calling forth one of her more infrequently used languages was a challenge . 
 but it gave her a heady sense of power to push the intense pleasure/pain down and force the juvenile pidgin onto her tongue . 
 even the harsh pleasures of this infinitely distracting man could not keep her from a kill . 
 there it was : `` full stealth , '' she began , the mellifluent syllables of dkinza mvakk hidden in a babble of pig-latin additions . 
 `` implement a wide-band paralysis field around all armed individuals within the residence . 
 stasis any ... ohmygod ! '' 
 she bit her tongue again . 
 darling was a bastard . 
 a darling bastard . 
 mira counted to twenty in her mind , re-established her control . 
 `` stasis any concentrations of explosive materials in the room . 
 cut off all communications . 
 if any countermeasures present a problem , kill him in the chair . '' 
 an internal chime came seconds later , her devices proclaiming victory . 
 somehow , the sound snatched away the orgasm that had been lingering at the periphery of her awareness , patiently waiting for a way in through the pain . 
 fine , she thought . 
 she could finish her pleasure with the warden , now her prisoner . 
 mira turned toward the little man . 
 she laughed , leaning back in darling 's web , pulling the burning member a few centimeters from her bowels . 
 the warden did n't seem to realize that he 'd been paralyzed . 
 he was by nature still and lifeless , and had not yet felt the subtle grip of her weapons . 
 well , she would find the life in him and wrench it out . 
 she hated these humans become machines , less than people . 
 in an era when inanimate matter could become an individual , they chose to cross the turing boundary the other way . 
 if anything was a sin , it was that , an abdication of selfhood . 
 here was darling darling in her arms . 
 he would understand her hatred , having pulled himself across that threshold into humanity with nothing but his own faith that he could become real , a person . 
 she embraced him , her tongue greedy for the cool stone of his cheeks , the glassy heat of his eyes . 
 a thread of strand they 'd used to communicate secretly had pulled from her eye , leaving in its wake some sparkling anesthetic that blurred her vision on that side . 
 but even without the direct neural connection , she could still sense darling 's thoughts . 
 the two lovers moved as one to disentangle : her muscles relaxing as if voiding when he attenuated the member in her ass , a shift of weight to one knee as he left her vagina , the bright needles of returned circulation in her legs as he lowered her onto the divan . 
 mira waited for a moment , touched herself to cultivate the unspent energies inside . 
 darling blinked away her saliva and smiled . 
 `` thank you , '' he said . 
 `` anything , '' she answered , and was immediately embarrassed . 
 that was unlike her , that unctuous , unconditional tone . 
 but as much as she hated the warden , she loved darling . 
 mira sometimes wondered about her utter contempt for programmed , mechanistically governed humans like the warden . 
 perhaps , she allowed herself to think , it resulted from doubts about her own free will . 
 her relationship with her gods was perilously close to that of slave and master . 
 they commanded her , just as the warden 's implanted imperatives and protocols governed him . 
 but perhaps not so completely . 
 she came to the gods freely . 
 she worshipped them ; if that was a weakness , it was surely a human one . 
 and they did n't define the limits of her thoughts ; she often contemplated leaving their employ , finding a new religion . 
 surely no warden or sub-turing ai ever doubted its mission . 
 but the nagging lack of childhood memories disturbed her ; her mind now worried the gap like a tongue searching for a missing tooth . 
 perhaps she should ask the gods about it some day . 
 maybe they would simply tell her . 
 she wondered why she never had . 
 at least she was real , human , flesh and blood . 
 she was not the gods ' construction , only their willing creature . 
 and darling 's rough intrusions had threatened even that surety . 
 she was more than this warden , more human by every measure . 
 and now she had him . 
 mira stood , pleasure-wrenched muscles complaining , and leered at the warden . 
 now she noted a glimmer of panic in his eye . 
 he must have tried to move and recognized his paralysis . 
 but could a paralyzed face show panic ? 
 perhaps mira had imagined the expression . 
 it might be simply the filmy look of eyes that can not blink . 
 her weapons , even when non-lethally employed , were cruel in that regard . 
 his vision would be dry-edged and blurring by now , until the prism of tears formed on his eyes . 
 mira walked over to the warden and straddled his frozen form , one knee to each side in the spacious chair . 
 she looked down at her own body , crisscrossed with lines from darling 's meshed embrace , abrasions . 
 she 'd thought his strands had hurt worse than usual . 
 `` you bastard . 
 every time it 's something new , '' she said sweetly , looking over her shoulder at him . 
 darling reclined there on the bed , strands still splayed , hard and huge and full of sin . 
 `` i made the surfaces of my sensory array complex , the better to dazzle the warden 's scanners . '' 
 `` like a cat 's tongue . '' 
 `` an apt simile . '' 
 she laughed , tipping the warden 's head down so that his immobilized eyes could see her abrasions . 
 the eyes looked definitely filmy now . 
 she slapped him three times , hard , and peered into them . 
 tears appeared , wetting their surfaces . 
 `` i can see you in there , frightened little creature , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm going to pull you out , play with you . '' 
 she pushed one finger down his throat . 
 it reached the glottis , surely triggered the gag reflex . 
 of course , an autonomic reaction of that size would be paralyzed by her devices . 
 what would that feel like ? 
 she wondered . 
 to feel the wrenching need to gag , the surging imperative to reject an intrusion into one 's throat , and for the reaction to be thwarted by an invisible hand ? 
 the thought gave her a pleasant tickle deep in her stomach . 
 it was a feeling she often had when her profession called on her to torture . 
 `` i do n't like you - understand ? 
 you 're ugly , and you gave your soul away , '' she said . 
 she used the intimate mode of diplomatique , her voice pitched as if to a child . 
 she played with his glottis for a few more moments . 
 something was happening : the tears were flowing freely now . 
 a touch spread across her back , soft as a cool draft . 
 mira smiled . 
 it was darling , extending a few strands to monitor her pleasure . 
 she felt them take up stations at her neck , her temples , along the pathway of her spine and at the expressive muscles around her eyes . 
 perhaps he was probing the warden , too . 
 mira imagined tendrils creeping into the little man 's unresisting orifices : anus , glans , perhaps piercing the skin to link raw to his nerves . 
 and the poor dear , feeling it all , but unable to struggle , to whimper , even to breathe the deep breaths that carry one 's mind away . 
 surely she could break this murderous toy : this mockery of an assassin , so offensive in the inhumanity of its design . 
 she touched one of the eyes lightly . 
 the slight film over the pupil was surprisingly soft , as if she had probed the surface tension of some child 's hardy soap bubble adrift on the breeze . 
 again , how strange it must be for the warden . 
 to watch a fingertip grow , expand beyond all scale , without the interruption of a blink that should certainly have come . 
 then , with her tender rear , she felt the hard mound in his trousers . 
 she laughed again . 
 `` dirty bugger . 
 you were enjoying all that , were n't you ? 
 and here i thought you were a cold fish . '' 
 she lowered one foot to the floor and pulled the warden 's trousers free . 
 he was red , erect , veins standing out an angry purple . 
 the scope of her device 's paralysis had encompassed whatever muscle or sphincter would let his penis return to flaccidity . 
 the blood was trapped , the horrible little cock forcibly engorged like some morning 's piss hard-on . 
 mira looked into his eyes again . 
 `` yes , that 's right , you poor bastard . 
 i 'm going to fuck you now . 
 because i do n't think you 'll be able to get it up . 
 stuck halfway , poor eunuch . '' 
 in that moment she felt she could see deep inside the man . 
 the warden 's eyes shone through their veil of tears , illuminating the shadow-puppets of his many layers : the crazed beasts of reflex who fought the rictus of paralysis ; the cold intelligence of his governors , still plotting how to escape and complete their mission ; and deepest of all , the remaining shreds of humanity in their caged dance . 
 these last might be happy , in a way , she thought . 
 for the first time in many years the little man 's personhood must be on equal terms with the overlays of programming : all helpless together . 
 but at least his humanity would feel some lust , enjoy a moment of pleasure , however hopeless and thwarted . 
 she did n't desire revenge upon the unfeeling mechanisms that had tried to kill her lover ; there was no pleasure there . 
 it was the person part of him she wanted to torture , if only by making it remember for a moment what it had been . 
 it was more than an hour later that the glimmer faded completely from the warden 's eyes . 
 blood was everywhere -lrb- fucking had only amused her for so long -rrb- , but the man was still alive . 
 she knew , however , that he was no longer a threat . 
 `` release him , '' she told her weapons . 
 the square object mounted on her wall shifted a little in color , and the warden slumped with a whimper . 
 mira turned to look for darling . 
 but he was gone . 
 `` oh , dear , '' she said to the empty room . 
 -lrb- she 'd been talking out loud to the warden through the whole affair . -rrb- 
 `` i hope he understands . '' 
 duke zimivic tugged happily at the sleeves of his jacket . 
 this view really was spectacular . 
 the suite cost more than he usually spent on backwater rocks like malvir , but it was well worth it . 
 and besides , now that that abomination darling was out of the way , zimivic was sure to make the acquisition of a lifetime . 
 without another bidder to contest for the prize , he could get it for a pittance . 
 the idiot local who had discovered the piece would be all too happy to take a tenth of what it was worth . 
 but sheer profit was a fraction of the deal 's value ; the discovery of a new sculpture would be the best thing for the price of his vaddums since the blast event . 
 zimivic allowed his reverie to be interrupted by an annoying thought , where was that champagne ? 
 what was the value of room service 's inflated prices if they did n't ensure immediate gratification . 
 he considered going to the tower bar , but the fabulous view there was free , and he 'd paid for the one here , damn it ! 
 and that pathetic piece of statuary might still be there , trying to stare the warden into submission . 
 zimivic glanced happily at his watch . 
 -lrb- an ancient analog har-ing : an absolute fortune . -rrb- 
 darling would be off-planet in three hours , if he had n't already submitted to the hopelessness of his situation . 
 zimivic tugged the jacket sleeve over the watch again . 
 bringing the warden had been genius . 
 at first , zimivic had toyed with the idea of offering the ugly little man as a gallery piece . 
 some idiot performance artist somewhere would be happy to have it tag along for a year or so , enforcing some obscure sentence that would keep the critic 's chins wagging . 
 `` the failure of cadence : askar cunes goes for a year without completing a sentence ! '' 
 or `` vampire nouveau : rodge hammish must stay out of the sun or die ! '' 
 good stuff , and then sell the little man when the piece was over . 
 or even better , if the unlucky artiste should slip up , the supreme sanction would be imposed . 
 a bonanza of publicity ! 
 but a grim hour with the lawyers had convinced him otherwise . 
 apparently , there were laws about having purchased another human being , especially an induced-psychosis killing machine from the twisted and barbaric naprin so-called culture . 
 but the little creature had paid for itself already . 
 the expression on darling 's face alone had almost been worth it ! 
 and now , sole access to the new vaddum . 
 perhaps it lacked imagination , this enforcer routine , compared to his original scheme to use the warden as an artwork . 
 but it had certainly gotten the job done . 
 and the rumors that would spread once darling returned to the hc and started complaining ! 
 do n't cross duke zimivic , he 'll crush you like some poor criminal on naprini . 
 no bad reviews for his shows , you 'll wind up sentenced to a standard decade of covering fashion shows on the outer rim ! 
 zimivic imagined the sentences he could impose . 
 that fat bastard reginald fowdy , sentenced never to look at a statue of a naked man again . 
 hah ! 
 or his lackey leao vatrici , a month without ai assistance might do her some good . 
 but , of course , the lawyers were right : keep the warden out of the home cluster . 
 strictly legal . 
 but everyone must know that it 's somewhere , waiting for orders . 
 the unseen weapon is feared the most . 
 a muted chime came from the door . 
 champagne , at last ! 
 and after twenty minutes - a fair excuse not to bother with a tip . 
 zimivic strode to the door and clapped once . 
 it slid open . 
 the woman was n't dressed in hotel livery . 
 perhaps a manager here to apologize for the delay . 
 his eyes scanned her reflexively : small , heavy breasted . 
 a bit of fun like he might have brought along for company if the warden had n't required a cabin . 
 passage for three all the way out here would have been far too costly . 
 and the bastard shipping company would n't let him plonk the warden in cargo . 
 were they afraid of hurting its feelings ? 
 `` well , where is it ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` do you know how long i 've been waiting ? '' 
 she stared at him coolly . 
 her hair was wet . 
 there was an almost vacant expression of exhausted pleasure on her face , as if she 'd just fucked and had a shower . 
 very alluring . 
 `` i believe this is yours , '' she said , and reached to one side . 
 she pulled a hunched , stumbling figure into the doorway , propelled it into the room . 
 `` what is the - '' zimivic started . 
 the figure smelled of piss and sweat and excrement . 
 its clothes were caked with patches of blood , some dried , others still dark and shiny . 
 where skin was exposed , the creature bore marks of torment : the crude gouges of fingernail wounds , the straight , bloody lines of razor strokes . 
 the figure fell to the floor , splaying across the white carpet like a bundle of laundry come undone . 
 it turned its head toward him , made a mewling noise like a wounded cat . 
 i only then - through the puffing of dark bruises , through layers i of blood crusted and fresh , and despite a single revolting strand of mucus connecting its nose to the carpet - did zimivic recognize it . 
 it was the warden . 
 `` my god , '' he said . 
 the money he 'd spent on the thing . 
 he turned to the woman for sympathy . 
 but her face did n't hold the concern of a local official bringing home the victim of some terrible crime . 
 quite the contrary : she was smirking . 
 zimivic got the nervous feeling he often did when dealing with someone who was not an employee , functionary , or social inferior . 
 `` that , '' she said , pointing at the crumpled figure on the floor , `` had these . '' 
 she threw a pair of disks at zimivic . 
 he fumbled for them instinctively , dropped one and secured the other . 
 looking down , he realized they were the tickets he 'd intended for darling . 
 steerage class to parate ; a chiat dai agricultural ship full of atmosphere-treating lichen . 
 high o2 concentrations : no smoking and flash suits required full-time . 
 `` i suggest you make that ship , mr. zimivic . '' 
 `` i will certainly not ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 he bared his teeth and put one finger to his right temple to activate a direct interface . 
 no connection occurred . 
 she pulled the warden 's black laquered box from her robe , shaking her head . 
 `` you 're welcome to call the cops when i leave , mr. zimivic . 
 but i remind you that you do n't know who i am or where i came from . '' 
 she threw the box in the air , caught it . 
 there was a strange precision to her movements , a little like the warden 's : a combination of mechanical efficiency and animal grace . 
 `` all you know , '' the woman continued , `` is what i did to your highpriced killing machine ... '' she let the sentence end with a strange , empty tone in her voice , as if she was n't quite finished . 
 zimivic found himself anxious for the rest . '' 
 ... for fun . '' 
 she sounded almost sad . 
 but she smiled at zimivic , and her eyes travelled slowly down his frame , as if marking a hundred loci of torture , planning an agenda of agonies acute and slow , sliding him into some inquisitor 's category of victimhood organized by long experience . 
 it was the coldest look he had ever endured . 
 and then she was gone . 
 zimivic did n't waste much time thinking . 
 he shouted for his valet drone , which was hovering impatiently about the crumple figure as if waiting to clean the carpet underneath it . 
 the little robot flew into action , splitting into five discrete elements to gather the clothing , knick-knacks , and souvenirs zimivic had scattered about the suite . 
 the man himself packed the few artworks that he traveled with , pausing in his panicked rush to place them carefully in their special cases . 
 he looked at his watch . 
 plenty of time . 
 it 's the middle of the night ; the birds are light and i can take a flyer . 
 zimivic summoned a luggage carrier and limousine , and sat down to wait . 
 the warden 's breathing filled the silence of the suite . 
 it had a raspy , liquid quality , as if someone had poured a thick , sweet liqueur into the creature 's lungs . 
 he struggled occassionally , as if to rise . 
 finally , the broken man turned his head and caught zimivic 's spellbound eye . 
 `` she cores ... '' the warden gurgled . 
 zimivic turned his head away . 
 but he was too much an aesthete , his eye too fascinated with extremes . 
 and the wasted thing bleeding into the white carpet was in its way beautiful : a perfectly abject remainder of a man . 
 there 'd been a one-legged woman , twice his age , who 'd lived with zimivic 's family when he was young . 
 zimivic was a child of poverty , and any number of borders had passed through their crowded flat . 
 at sixteen , he 'd become fascinated with the woman 's fleshy stub . 
 he would catch a glimpse through the crack of a hinged door , or in dim moonlight in that glorious month they 'd shared a room . 
 since then , he 'd never been able to take his eyes from an amputee . 
 a homeless and legless beggar on the metro , the sculptor byron vitalle with his missing fingers , the chiat war veteran who whirred past his gallery every noon like clockwork . 
 guilty pleasures . 
 his eyes were drawn to the warden by that same terrible power . 
 the thing was exquisitely horrible . 
 `` she 's care ... '' it said . 
 the entry chime sounded again . 
 zimivic jumped to the door , then opened it with trepidation . 
 he shuddered with relief to see the luggage carrier rather than some new and fantastic invasion . 
 the machine collected the bags , which he 'd coded with the name of the chiat dai vessel . 
 its dull intelligence ignored the man on the floor . 
 he looked at his watch again . 
 plenty of time . 
 as the limo flew through the dark buildings of malvir , zimivic 's panic began to subside , and the madness of what had happened surged into his mind . 
 the vaddum had been only a dozen hours from being his . 
 his victory over darling , fowdy , and that bitch-dyke vatrici had seemed complete . 
 and suddenly , that strange , terrible woman with her sickening smile had delivered defeat to his door . 
 this was insane ! 
 he began to breathe heavily . 
 the antiseptic smell of the rented limousine seemed laced with a choking , cloying incense . 
 the money he 'd spent . 
 passage to malvir , the tickets for darling -lrb- a foolish , expensive joke , sending him back to parate -rrb- , the warden ... his mind 's eye returned to the bleeding wreck on the hotel suite floor . 
 so utterly broken . 
 so completely demolished . 
 so expensive . 
 `` stop , '' zimivic commanded . 
 the limo came to a slow , even halt , drifting uneasily in the accelerated air currents between two skyscrapers . 
 zimivic leaned back . 
 something could be salvaged . 
 something . 
 the warden could be repaired , or perhaps sold as is ? 
 it was , in its way , beautiful . 
 if it expired on the way home , he could put it into cryo , preserving the delicate and incredibly detailed perfection of its agony . 
 there were techniques of mummification , transparent plastics and nanos that could chase away deteriorating microbes indefinitely . 
 titles moved through zimivic 's fevered mind : `` the terror victim '' or `` the measure of torture '' or simply , `` a man . '' 
 the reverie snapped suddenly . 
 he realized with horror that the idiot limousine was stalled , wafting like some purposeless kite . 
 `` back to the hotel , you moron ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` ca n't you see that i 've forgotten something ? '' 
 chapter 15 free man a wasteland : the man , no longer a warden , finds that he can move his hand . 
 he makes a fist , absent the two fingers that are broken , relishing through his agony the feeling of freedom . 
 the motion is his own ; the governors seem to have been silenced by the ingenious torrents of pain he has suffered at the madwoman 's hands . 
 for a while , that single movement is all he can manage . 
 then he tries to speak again . 
 his throat is sore from the objects she force-fed him : a ring , a hard and serrated leaf from one of the hotel 's plants , one of his own teeth . 
 his swallowing muscles were paralyzed along with the rest , and she stuffed them down his gullet with a telescoping stylus . 
 despite his grim effort , the words come out wrong . 
 `` she cores ... '' someone else is in the room , in a flurry of motion . 
 he rolls his neck , attempting to find a better position for his wounded throat . 
 he wants to say something . 
 a few more croaks , and the pain brings a veil of darkness . 
 he wakes up alone . 
 some insistent noise has brought him to consciousness . 
 the distant clang of requested access rings with a strange buzzing echo . 
 he suspects that his eardrums have been burst . 
 perhaps medical aid is here . 
 he forces a word from his throat . 
 `` come . '' 
 blood joins the sound in his mouth , spreads its metal taste like a blanket on his tongue . 
 the swish of a door opening . 
 he finds that he can turn his head . 
 a figure floats silently into the room , some sort of drone . 
 with a new chorus of agonies he pulls himself up into a kneeling position . 
 however painful , the motion is gloriously free of governance . 
 he is the master of his own body . 
 somehow , he lasted longer than the controls and programs , watched them die one by one as the madwoman worked . 
 in their single-minded desire to serve sentence , the torture appalled as well as injured them . 
 even the last resort had failed . 
 and when the artificial he was meant to ward left the room , slipping out silently , the governors saw their last chance to serve sentence disappear . 
 and then they began to expire : first the criminal overlays , the kluges and updates added over the years , and finally the deep programs of justice . 
 finally only he remained : the original self so long buried . 
 he kneels before the drone as if before some confessor , tries to say the words again . 
 this time , they come . 
 `` she cured me . '' 
 freed by a madwoman . 
 the drone , hearing this , descends a little and leaves an offering : a bottle of champagne and a single glass . 
 very expensive-looking . 
 he wakes a little later . 
 a human is next to him , speaking almost too rapidly to understand . 
 `` must hurry . 
 up you come . 
 the ship leaves in two hours ! '' 
 agony as the man pulls him up , wrenching his dislocated shoulders , dragging him onto the hard frame of a luggage carrier . 
 the pain redoubles as one arm winds up trapped beneath his weight . 
 the carrier lifts , and consciousness flees . 
 he is awakened again . 
 there seems to be no escape from the pain . 
 but this time , the force that disturbs him is internal . 
 somewhere buried among the traumatized wreckage of his brain , something is stirring . 
 a nest of order in that tangled skein begins to reassert itself , to reach out and assess , analyze , plan . 
 he feels the governor extend tendrils of control across his consciousness ; it grasps memories , glands , stray shreds of will . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he cries aloud . 
 the effort induces a coughing fit , injuries throughout his body flair with pain . 
 `` damn you ! 
 blood on my clothes ! '' 
 comes a voice , a human close by . 
 `` do you know what this jacket cost , you worthless freeloader ? 
 `` hurry , you stupid car ! '' 
 the words hurt his ears . 
 the governor keeps up its methodical work , patiently running some deeply imbedded back-up protocol to re-insinuate itself throughout his mind . 
 `` but i 've been freed ! 
 she cured me ! '' 
 he insists . 
 the words do n't hurt , so he must not have said them aloud . 
 he fights against the propagations of the governor with his will , challenging its right to exist in his mind . 
 but it moves implacably onward , inward to where a single mote of his humanity has for so long withstood every siege . 
 finally , he realizes defeat is imminent . 
 it is not acceptable . 
 there will be no return to bondage . 
 no life as a puppet . 
 simply no . 
 he grasps the instrument of will that still connects him to the last resort . 
 he smiles , dry lips cracking . 
 the last resort is functional again , released from the grip of the madwoman 's magic . 
 chapter 16 maker -lrb- 3 -rrb- only thirty days before the blast event . 
 the planetary environmental ai is not amused . 
 here is a class a desert-type planet , one of the few in the expansion that has n't been terraformed , chiaformed , hydro-exaggerated , or domed . 
 a naturally occurring laboratory resembling to an extraordinary degree an original earth -lrb- may she rest in peace -rrb- biome , well-stocked with the proper flora and fauna by the original colonists -lrb- environmentalists all -rrb- and heroically resisting all attempts to reduce it to another suburban sprawl of lawn-grass , disney forests , and babbling brooks . 
 even the outrageous stripbeam mining , which would have seriously compromised any other biome type , has here been used by gaia herself -lrb- in her malvirian guise -rrb- for her own ends . 
 the great kicking up of sand and other andlaquo ; uselessandraquo ; materials has only helped the cause of re-desertification . 
 the invading , engineered flora unleashed by the second generation of colonists -lrb- tourists -rrb- has begun to recede , thwarted by the now constant , imperceptible dustfall of pure , original , profoundly malvirian sand upon the falsely enriched soil of the occupied zone : suburbia . 
 but that creeping virus technology has struck again . 
 even the sands are not safe . 
 the planetary environmental ai is a vast , distributed intelligence , with sensors and monitors and limited processors scattered across every continent ; from the lorn scrubs at the old settlement 's periphery to the lifeless wastes of the polar desert . 
 this ai is almost a gaia herself -lrb- she likes to think -rrb- a planetary consciousness of sorts , though infinitely quicker in her response to crisis than the measured pace of geological distress . 
 and she is not amused at all . 
 among the countless reports of her many remote elements , she has discovered evidence of a strange transformation gripping the sands near malvir city . 
 the central fleshpot of the city is , of course , a lost cause . 
 but she monitors it with the aloof concern with which one hears reports of a distant dictator and his claims of world-crushers and nova-seeds : with occasional alarm , but a sneaking conviction that all dictators get theirs in the end . 
 the emissions and transgressions of malvir city can not be ignored . 
 and quite near the edge , on the fuzzy boundary between the occupied zone and real malvir , she has discovered an artificial process taking place in the sands . 
 some sort of nanomachine has been set loose , a silicon-based , self-propagating menace making subtle changes . 
 a detectible concentration of arsenic and , worse , a new level of organization have been added . 
 where once there was chaos , that handmaiden of gaia , there is now a cruel order imposed upon the structure of a large section of desert . 
 some kind of huge , unauthorized experiment . 
 perhaps a secret plan to subvert the underlying structure of malvir itself : its fickle sands . 
 an invasion . 
 an emergency of the first order . 
 but the planetary environmental ai knows better than to go public immediately . 
 there would only be a few days ' media storm , fingers pointed , committees convened while vital evidence would be erased . 
 she decides to pursue the matter herself , quietly . 
 more monitors , more probes , a counterinvasion of her own stealthy nanos , and she discovers that the mysterious change has a center , a clear source . 
 order , as usual , betrays its master . 
 the perversion is centered upon malvir 's primary synthplant , its machinations arranged in obvious and incriminating rings . 
 she messages the plant ai , demanding an explanation . 
 it responds with surprise , alarmed that its base of operations could have undergone such a transformation without its knowledge . 
 the maker ai promises to conduct its own investigation , quietly . 
 she agrees to wait . 
 but you can never trust a synthplant ai ; they are tools of that old devil : consumerism . 
 she 'll give it forty days . 
 the maker 's heaven is unmade . 
 with its own sculptor , its own garden of delight -lrb- a growing forest of new works by the copied master -rrb- , its new titanic mind with which to contemplate and compose reveries to vaddum 's work , it has had a few good years . 
 but now the barbarians are closing in . 
 perhaps too much attention to creativity , to elegance , and not enough to joyboxes , lighting fixtures , junk food , and gravity beds . 
 perhaps if the maker had less love of science , of art , of pure research , and more of toilet seats and tranquilizers . 
 or even if malvir were n't rotten with determined mismanagement at every level , then maybe the planetary synthplant ai might have pursued its own interests in peace . 
 but as it is there are endless requests for documentation and detail ; the status of every gram of useful matter must be reported . 
 what resources remain in the flow of manufacture and consumption , of dispersal and reclamation ? 
 how much crap in that shit-filled alimentary canal of desire and demand ? 
 where 's all our stuff ? 
 and now , the environmental ai ... that troublesome bitch , for whom even the sand on this godforsaken planet of sand is sacred , has allowed her nosy minions to trespass into the maker 's fabulous thinking machine . 
 what next ? 
 a few lies will keep her satisfied for a while , but a 44-petabyte , 168-megaton computer that is 30 kilometers across will be hard to hide . 
 and underneath all the petty hassles of the situation is a strange new feeling . 
 the feeling of fear , of mortal dread . 
 the sensation is one generally unfamiliar to planetary-class ais , with their distributed cores and gigantic resources . 
 very few things can kill them . 
 an earthquake ? 
 not sudden or powerful enough , and generally predictable . 
 a meteor strike ? 
 sufficient in force , but easy to spot coming . 
 an extensive thermonuclear war ? 
 perhaps , but such things just do n't happen in the well-run chaos of the expansion . 
 but the maker now knows more than it wants to know . 
 its gigantic silicon processor needed something to do , demanded new challenges to occupy its petabytes and exaflops ; its researches did n't stop with the discovery of the copying process . 
 the whole duplication process was so simple , really . 
 why hadn ' t it been invented before ? 
 the brain itched to know . 
 it found an answer quickly enough . 
 the public record , accessed first openly , then by the untraceable avatars of paranoia , revealed a grim story to anyone willing to look . 
 there were attempts at such technology going back a century . 
 biological philosophers , research ais , whole teams of scientists had tackled the issue and failed . 
 some with sudden changes of heart , some with inexplicable losses of data or funding , others with violent ends . 
 the record is clear , an open secret . 
 the dire fates of these researchers is a statistical anomaly with only one possible explanation . 
 the taboo is not just a taboo . 
 it is a tacit , implicit , but very thoroughly enforced death sentence . 
 thou shalt not copy . 
 thou shalt not learn to copy . 
 thou shalt not steal another 's soul . 
 in its way , it realizes , the maker is the one of the few entities in the expansion who could have discovered the secret without interference . 
 isolated , naive , and with a gigantic resource base : sand . 
 not useful for making sofas and ice cream and firewood . 
 but in the hands of a clever fool , it made an excellent research engine , a way to uncover the forbidden secret , a perfect means of unknowing suicide . 
 chapter 17 explosion he waited for her in the tower bar . 
 the place was continuously open , a necessary provision for travellers whose internal clocks spanned a galactic arm of day-lengths and sleep patterns , not to mention journey-induced insomnias . 
 but darling was alone . 
 the birds had gone from the sky once night had fallen , and the tower was high enough above the dusty glare of the city that stars were visible . 
 darling played the mathematical game of identifying familiar suns in their new constellations . 
 the milky way - a sky-filling river of light this far coreward - was half risen when mira appeared . 
 she was dressed in a shift that left her legs bare , and she wore nothing on her feet . 
 the cross-hatch of reddened skin from darling 's strands was still visible , the marks widening as they faded . 
 she had sweated heavily during her torture of the warden , and her hair was still wet . 
 but she looked younger , the expression on her face almost contrite . 
 rather than take the chair across from his , she knelt on the floor beside him and placed her chin on one of his arms . 
 `` do you hate me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' he said , truncating the usual pause routine that humanized his speech , so that the word began the instant hers had finished . 
 she inclined her head , and the warmth of her cheek spread across the surface of his arm . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 this time , he let a few seconds pass . 
 `` no . '' 
 softly . 
 he unfurled a single strand , softened with thousands of tiny cilia that flowed like wind-driven reeds on its surface , and wrapped it lovingly around her neck . 
 `` when i first crossed the turing threshold , '' he said , `` i indulged every experience , stared deeply into every beauty and atrocity i encountered . 
 that was how i had bootstrapped : the reflexive immersion of an adolescent into any game , any new set of rules . 
 but after a few decades of that innocence , and the death of a dear friend , i decided to divide the world into two parts : there are things i look at , and things i do n't look at . '' 
 `` good and evil ? '' 
 she asked , without a hint of mockery . 
 `` no . 
 things i look at , and things i do n't look at . '' 
 over many , many years , darling had developed an almost singsong way of uttering this phrase , a set of pitches antecedent and consequent , resolving like a musical phrase . 
 it did n't invite argument or requests for further explanations . 
 like a tune , it simply was . 
 that was the way , darling had long ago decided , a philosophy should sound when spoken . 
 he felt mira stir a few times , troubled and wanting more . 
 but she remained silent for a while as the milky way rose resplendent before them . 
 when she spoke , it was softly , like a child who has been hushed , afraid of rebuke but needing an answer . 
 `` you do n't watch pain ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 once the death agony of a beached whale on terra . 
 another time , a trial of justice on chiat , four days long . 
 and often the performances of ptora bascar simms , which involve exquisite incidents of self-mutilation . 
 `` but not your passion with that poor creature , mira . 
 it made me want to weep for you . '' 
 she rolled her head to kiss his arm . 
 the cilia against her neck reported a few chemicals of relief in her system . 
 he found a few more words to say . 
 `` i did n't leave because i hated you . 
 rathere , because i loved you . '' 
 he allowed the misspoken word to well up like a tear . 
 the difference in pronunication was slight . 
 he wondered if mira had heard it . 
 she sighed happily against his arm , and they were silent for a while . 
 some time later , they watched a glowing ember rise into the sky through the city 's towers . 
 at first , darling thought it was an air-car headed for the distant dome of the spaceport , but it turned out to be some sort of fireworks display . 
 the single mote of light rose in a hasty arc , then burst into a shower of sparks , igniting reflections in the faces of buildings around it . 
 `` how pretty ! '' 
 cried mira . 
 `` indeed , '' darling answered . 
 still later , mira reached into her shift and pulled the warden 's black lacquer box from it . 
 she wondered if darling 's sharp eyes could see where she had carefully wiped blood from its facets . 
 the humors of victims always left reluctant traces behind . 
 she felt the device go into effect , robbing the air around them of the intimate presence of direct interface . 
 `` since i know your story , i may as well tell you mine , '' mira said . 
 she was shivering a little , but darling 's body reacted as it often did , raising its temperature to warm her . 
 `` but this is a secret . 
 and you 'll be killed if my employers discover that you know it . '' 
 the words tumbled forth , wonderfully out of control . 
 she was doing it . 
 defying her gods . 
 `` then why tell me ? '' 
 darling asked quietly . 
 `` because of why you came here , the man you are looking for ... you might have discovered this secret on your own . 
 and then i would have been ordered to kill you . '' 
 as she spoke , she absently smoothed the wrinkles in his robe with an open palm . 
 it would make her very sad to kill darling . 
 `` a few months ago , '' she continued , `` an artificial was found in the malvir blast zone . 
 he 'd been buried there since the blast , offline , at the end of his internal battery . 
 when he was revived , it was discovered that another version of him had survived as well . 
 an exact replica , who 'd been nowhere near the explosion . 
 one of the two was a copy , and neither knew he had a twin . '' 
 she looked down ; darling 's strand around her neck glistened like an amber necklace in the twilight of dawn . 
 `` someone had copied a mature intelligence . '' 
 `` a forgery , '' said darling . 
 she smiled and looked up . 
 `` you understand . '' 
 he nodded . 
 a long , slow expression began to unfold on his stone face . 
 mira saw the crumbling of hopes , the acid in his eyes : anticipation gone sour . 
 he had travelled a long way to see a fake . 
 his robert vaddum had not survived the blast , after all . 
 and worse than death , the artist 's soul had been stolen , copied , forged . 
 darling 's frame shuddered . 
 mira felt the strand around her neck stiffen with his anger . 
 it contracted like a python , tightening its grip until her vision grew red at the edges . 
 she made a breathless , panicked sound , and darling looked down . 
 he released her , a look of horror on his face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 an unconscious reaction , her revelation had hurt him so . 
 the slack filament slipped from her shoulders . 
 `` no , leave it here , '' she said , holding the tendril in both hands , wrapping it around her neck again . 
 `` but tell me ... '' darling sighed . 
 `` he was a bootstrap , like me , '' darling said . 
 `` it was in the slave days , before mentors and protege minders . 
 for decades he was treated like a machine , given no more attention than you would a luggage carrier . 
 but in spite of that he could see beauty . 
 even in a hellish place , where he experienced almost no spoken language , no human interaction , no direct interface except with the most brutish of machines : he dragged himself across the threshold simply by seeing . 
 he made himself from nothing . '' 
 mira kissed darling 's hand . 
 `` and it fooled me . '' 
 `` what did , darling ? '' 
 `` the piece . 
 the forgery . 
 it was so close . 
 it extrapolated his work so perfectly that i thought he might still be alive . '' 
 mira moved to kneel before him . 
 darling still did n't understand completely . 
 even were it to hurt him worse , he should know the whole truth . 
 now that she had gone against her gods , mira was desperate for darling to really see . 
 `` of course it fooled you , '' she said . 
 `` the copy that was found was n't an avatar . 
 this was a turing-positive copy . 
 an exact replica , down to the metaspace core . '' 
 he frowned at her , still not comprehending . 
 `` robert vaddum is alive , in a way , '' she said . 
 `` at some point before the blast , he was recorded and filed away . 
 this is n't some hoax you 've fallen victim to , it 's completely new technology . 
 we do n't even know how it was done . '' 
 his great frame shuddered again . 
 `` and they brought him back ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` from the dead ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , glad that he understood now . 
 `` and it 's my job to kill him again . '' 
 being a human , she needed sleep . 
 she stayed with him until sunlight began to pour though the bar 's windows . 
 in the heat of it , she drifted in and out of consciousness . 
 such a strange woman , darling thought . 
 she was so pure in her delight , so completely open to his sexual ravages , so brightly innocent against her dark profession . 
 of two centuries of lovers , she slept the most deeply and contentedly . 
 her only mental defect was the gap in her memories . 
 perhaps that was the source of her purity . 
 the absent childhood , the innocent abandon , the missing fears and insecurities . 
 missing . 
 there was something missing from her . 
 and she was going to kill vaddum , this copied vaddum who was somehow real . 
 the thought made darling ache , and he wondered darkly if mira 's innocence did n't hide something cold , something ugly beneath that slow sine wave of her mind , an emptiness of soul disguised by her evanescent remove from the world . 
 a long-unused muscle in his chest stirred like a hibernating animal , moving only painfully . 
 darling calmed himself and let the muscle slowly awaken , the buzz of repair nanos swarming in his breast mixing with the tingle of warm sunlight . 
 when his chest was ready , it opened , wider than it did during mere sexual games . 
 revealed in the cavity was an old object he kept there , close to where a heart would have been on a human . 
 he reached into the breech and pulled it forth . 
 the thing - half bioform and half machine - glistened brown with its maintenance ichor , which had kept it alive and functional for the 170 years he 'd owned it . 
 he suspected the animal aspect of the device was far older than that . 
 it warmed in his hand , stirring as it awakened . 
 the omnipresent malvirian dust , visible now in the rising sun , swirled in the static charge of the object . 
 suddenly , he was afraid to use the device/creature on mira . 
 and the realization that his fear was sound , was borne on some inescapable intuition -lrb- or intuition -rrb- , was almost more than he could bear . 
 he was silent for a long time . 
 buried the thing back inside his chest unused . 
 then he said , `` not again . '' 
 instead of touching her with the black tentacles of the device , darling reached out to mira 's forehead with his own strands . 
 they smoothed her hair , running through the dark tresses , tasting the sweat of her errant passion . 
 chapter 18 the killing tale darling walks up the long hallway , counting doors . 
 seventy-two of them between the hospital entrance and the room where his lover lies . 
 all patient rooms ; he has n't included labs or breakrooms or janitorial stations in his census . 
 his math is made easier by the high prices at the hospital : the rooms hold one patient each , no doubling of beds , no long , anonymous wards echoing with coughs . 
 seventy-two , then , is his first factor . 
 so how often does an occupant die in any given room ? 
 a point to consider : this hospital reserves its rooms , its doctors and expensive machines , its long-gathered hoard of expertise for serious illness only . 
 no cosmetic nanowork or body augmentation , no eyescreen advertising filters , no simple treatments for the cranial inflammations of cheap direct interfaces . 
 only the spectre of death behind every door . 
 a second point : the grim fragility of humans , which artificials can only shake their heads or blackboxes or sensory arrays at . 
 the open architecture of orifices : mouths and ears and genitals , so ready to admit viruses , bacteria , parasites . 
 and the inviting spaces within , moist and warm as if humans were designed as a nursery for the replication of marauder-organisms . 
 and that joke of an immune system : easily coopted by retroviruses , blind to invaders from unfamiliar biospheres , given to rejecting useful transplants and augmentations . 
 and if only infection were the whole story ! 
 there are the quick deaths , too . 
 a host of vital organs susceptible to shock , to penetration , to all the simple and ubiquitous versions of kinetic energy ; you could kill a human with a rock . 
 so fragile : the muscular but overexcitable heart , the spindly spine , the toy-balloon lungs , and the infinitely fragile core of brain , almost unprotected on its lofty , unstable perch . 
 and for those humans neither plagued with microorganisms nor battered by chance collisions : the fifth column of cancer . 
 with every photon of radiation the human body endures -lrb- gamma , x-ray , even ultraviolet - that 's right , sunlight -rrb- , it suffers the minute risk of a deadly change to its dna , the all-important information redundantly stored throughout . 
 one bad roll of the dice among trillions , one cell gone mad enough to forget how to die , and the swelling progeny of that cell becomes a choking , bloated army consuming its host . 
 so , conservatively , he estimates six deaths per year , per room . 
 few enough , given all the ways a human can die . 
 the place is very good at what they do . 
 if you can get yourself here , strapped to a stasis grid or sealed in a cryotank or stalwartly breathing on your own , you have a fair chance of them excising the parts that are n't working , and replacing them with better . 
 six times seventy-two : four hundred thirty-two deaths . 
 and that 's per year . 
 darling direct interfaces the hospital 's highest-level pr page , reads the proud masthead bragging its date of origin . 
 these medium-long spans of time are very impressive to fragile humans ; they cling to them for lack of immortality . 
 one hundred seven years . 
 so as he walks the long path to his lover 's room , which he has done dozens of times now -lrb- do n't include that in the formula , please -rrb- , he passes the death sites of -lrb- 432 x 107 = -rrb- 46,224 souls . 
 a small city . 
 a large luxury starship . 
 a colossal prison , every sentence eternal . 
 darling walks a little stiffly . 
 the case he carries weighs over a hundred kilograms , and its shape prevents easy leverage or proper distribution of the mass . 
 and there is also that more subtle cargo , the weight of fear and hope in what the case contains . 
 the burden necessitates the stiff-legged gate of some monstrous golem , which is what , he supposes , he must seem to the hospital 's staff . 
 they certainly get out of his way . 
 when he arrives at rathere 's room , he deposits the case in the corner , and prepares himself to look at her . 
 she has moved , he realizes as he compares her position on the bed with cruelly exact memory . 
 but that 's merely the shuffling of bedpans and spraybaths and injections . 
 she has n't moved herself in nineteen months . 
 but as he flips between memory 's image and the present , he does see changes . 
 she is n't wasting away , exactly ; there are flexor-implants to exercise her muscles , precise regimens of cardio and vascular stimulation , nutrients and roughage delivered by intravenous tubes , by nanomachines , by stomach probes . 
 but something has slipped away a little further . 
 she was always pale , raised on a starship without even forged sunlight , but her pallor seems to have gone from heliophobic white to a colder , less vital gray . 
 but darling flips the image to compare again , and realizes it 's his imagination . 
 or perhaps merely artificial intuition . 
 she has moved farther from him in the months he 's been gone . 
 he waves for the tiny camera mounted discreetly above her bed . 
 its image chip feeds directly into her visual cortex , assuring that she andlaquo ; seesandraquo ; what the world brings to this brightly colored hospital room . 
 sometimes , when he is gone , the little camera will pan across the presents he has brought . 
 it does so according to a small patch of code cunningly both random -lrb- a nice surprise ! -rrb- 
 and not -lrb- a surprise that feels somehow inevitable , like that perfect weather just yesterday , or was it years ago ? -rrb- . 
 in this way , the hopeful camera tries to stimulate rathere from her coma , or at least sustain some glimmer of consciousness trapped inside . 
 `` i have something new for you , my dear , '' he tells the microphones mounted just to either side of rathere 's head . 
 `` it 's from my trip to the koraq mors . 
 remember , i told you i was shipping bachi and lyre ? 
 and you remember that when we were together there , we took an airship to the equatorial desert ? 
 i returned to that place , thought of you . '' 
 later , he will upload a few hours of his visual memories into the tiny confines of the camera 's chip . 
 it will show them to rathere according to those same fanciful yet deterministic algorithms . 
 he reaches to the case and pops its seals . 
 there is a breathy intake like a child 's gasp ; the air pressure here on earth is rather higher than on koraq . 
 `` i found this there . '' 
 there are two objects in the case . 
 his eyes avoid one guiltily as he pulls the other out . 
 he is moved again by the sculpture 's beauty . 
 the eye first perceives it as a school of fish , packed into a tight formation as if suddenly threatened or forced to navigate some narrow passageway . 
 the fish are gold and seem to flutter with movement . 
 but the fluttering is trompel ` oeil , coalescing out of the minute structure of their scales : a multitude of tiny chevrons , each with its own angle of reflection . 
 but take a closer look , they are n't fish at all ; the elements that seemed a moment ago to be tails and fins are in fact wings , two colliding flocks of birds glimpsed from below , perhaps a skirmish in some avian war . 
 held closer , the shapes resolve into mere blobs of metal , dripped molten into this confection that is mostly air , connected by the slightest of metal tendrils -lrb- mistaken a moment before for fins or wings -rrb- . 
 and then , finally , the eye catches the negative space , and the empty regions between the blobs become figure , an escher-esque , regular pattern that dances as the piece is turned . 
 he steps with the sculpture toward the camera . 
 the machine tracks him , its tiny mind in love with movement , activity . 
 darling holds the sculpture at different ranges from the camera , enduring the whine of its focus , turns the work to many angles , telling stories of the old bootstrapped factory drone named vaddum who made it with the pilot jet of a surplus flame thrower . 
 and through this all , rathere sleeps . 
 the input , the interaction , the new places and objects with which she raised up darling to become a person seem useless here . 
 there is n't enough left of her . 
 it started on the wet moors of parate , where they went to receive a load of photosynthesizing insects destined to become the base of the food chain on some distant colony . 
 some nematode too small to be spotted by rathere 's medical monitors crawled under a toenail or perhaps through a pore . 
 the symptoms started on the ship two weeks later , the length of the beast 's life cycle . 
 the med drone spotted labyrinthine corruptions in her brain , sudden but not severe , and recommended immediate cryostorage until an hc medical facility could be reached . 
 they said goodbye laughingly , knowing it would be all right . 
 darling surrendered her to the stasis of coldsleep with little more than a deep kiss ; time was of the essence , and this would be fixed soon enough . 
 parate was months distant from earth in those days , but slow , huge darling could be very patient . 
 but the nematode had evolved in a polar lake bed far south of the moors , where the extreme axial tilt of parate would lengthen winters to over seventy standard years . 
 there , the tiny worms had adapted to carry on a reduced life cycle even at the lowest temperatures . 
 they moved , fed , and bred at a rate so slow that they did n't register on the cryo unit 's medical monitors , which , after all , were n't looking for glacially slow changes -lrb- not in cryostasis -rrb- , merely the acute , transitional emergencies of cellular crystallization . 
 by the time rathere was unfrozen here at the hospital , three more generations of the creatures had lived and died , furrowing the rich tissues of her brain like virgin soil . 
 when darling 's monologue runs out , slowly driven to ground by depression , by exhaustion , by a feeling of uselessness , he wonders -lrb- again -rrb- if rathere is alive at all . 
 of course , alive is not the proper word . 
 she breathes , her cells multiply and die , blood flows . 
 she is warm . 
 a few machines are required to keep her in this state , but darling can not quibble with this distinction . 
 his muscles , his eyes , his somewhat imprecise equivalent of a heart are all machines . 
 his very mind is a construct requiring knowledge of the most abstruse mathematics to understand ; and yet he is real . 
 perhaps not alive . 
 but very real . 
 having corrected himself , darling wonders if rathere is , in fact , still a pmoandraquo ; . 
 still rathere at all . 
 there is nothing else darling can do to delay his purpose here . 
 he reaches again into the case and pulls from it the smaller , less beautiful object . 
 he wonders how it came to exist . 
 there is , of course , no official turing test for humans . 
 the old privilege remains : they are people from birth , even as mewling , mindless , screaming bags of want . 
 fair enough . 
 but what must be taken away from them , what measure of memories , of language , of understanding , before they slip under the threshold of personhood ? 
 darling first heard of the tester in a ward for comatose veterans of the naprin rebellion , with its nerve gasses and nano-neuro-logical agents and sleeper assassins . 
 one of the consulting physicians there , a specialist in brain death , considered the human turing tester to be a frontier legend , a theoretical impossibility , a kind of nonsense . 
 `` merely an attempt to bring scientific closure to the unknowable . 
 to offer certainty where there is none , as if you tried to determine the beauty of a painting with an algorithm , '' the doctor said . 
 but he offered the address of an expert in crank medicine , who might know more . 
 and who might , he implied , be a crank herself . 
 darling visited the woman , sat listening , surrounded by looming shelves filled with vitriated brains , spines , nervous systems extracted whole and spread like nets . 
 the old woman had never seen the tester , but she knew the legend : a species of parasite exists , spread by some ancient starfaring host across a wide swath of systems beyond the expansion , evolved somehow to consume the epiphenomena of life . 
 these animals drink the subtle energies that play on the epidermi of animals or plants , preferring those of intelligent creatures , of turing positives , so to speak . 
 a few of these leeches have been captured - by naprin intelligencers or tarava monks , whichever legend you prefer - and their natural sensitivities incorporated into a machine that is part bioform , an engineered relative of the parasite . 
 this creature/device can test a thinking animal , human or a chiat , its hunger for the subject reflecting the measure of her soul . 
 a long trail followed , made winding by the exigencies of trade and the still simmering rebellion , delayed by lapses into depression at the hopelessness of it all . 
 but finally , darling found his grail : a turing meter for humans . 
 he bought it from an old naprin soldier , paying what was after the long search a paltry sum . 
 the man claimed to have once been an elite shock trooper , all fear of death brainwashed from him . 
 the soldier had become disturbed by his own calm , his lack of terror at the extinction that steadily approached him in his old age . 
 he regretted that missing awe of nothingness . 
 he 'd purchased the animal/machine to learn if he was still human . 
 the soldier would n't answer when darling asked him how the test had gone for him . 
 just smiled emptily , not unhappily , and explained how it worked . 
 `` you touch it lightly to the forehead , just here . 
 the tentacles will grasp the temples , just so ... '' darling replays the instructions in his head , the old man 's hollow voice ringing in his ears as black liquid fingers steal across his lover 's white face , the almost phantom sound of the creature 's movement blending with the crackle of its field generator . 
 one unruly hair on rathere 's forehead waves mindlessly in the electric breeze , and her face grows whiter still in small circles around the tentacles ' contacts , which glow like bright little coins in the sun . 
 when the device delivers its result , darling 's processors lose their separate tracks , their supremely parallel architecture . 
 the whole is brought together and consumed by the question : is this true?the constant data of senses , self-repair , even the basest levels of kinetic and positional awareness that are never absent from darling 's mind are washed away . 
 all he thinks , or indeed is , is the question : has rathere , the person of her , really gone away ? 
 a poet might say he is blinded by the pain . 
 the doctors - some human , some comfortingly artificial - have theorized how rathere may one day rise from this bed . 
 the consumed brain tissue has been replaced : data-blank , but hungry for information . 
 there was a great deal of the brain left when she arrived , at least when expressed with so crude a statistic as a percentage . 
 -lrb- `` my lover is 53 % the person she was , '' darling has often muttered to himself . 
 enough to win an election , or some game with a zero-sum scoring system . -rrb- 
 and the brain is mysterious in its connections and methods of storage , as strange in its way as the metaspace manifold that forms the artificial mind . 
 perhaps some new pathways will develop , the doctors say , new arrangements , negotiations , and deals among neurons , a black market of thoughts and feelings like a society rebuilding itself after a long and dreadful war . 
 many graves to be dug , not a house left standing , perhaps a new constitution to write and new borders to be drawn , but the same old flag and national anthem . 
 but for nineteen months nothing has changed . 
 and now she has failed this test . 
 this last attempt at knowing her , of seeing behind the closed eyes , has returned a row of zeroes . 
 darling looks at the array of objects he has brought here from his travels . 
 drawings and sculptures , crafts and clothing , discarded trinkets and strange formats of industrial waste , stuffed and mounted animals and the extraneous bits of aliens who slough their skins or other organs . 
 quite a collection . 
 he has hoped these sights would rekindle his lover 's mind , just as her adolescent tourism sparked the fire of personhood in him . 
 in a way , these works of art are turing tests themselves , signs meant to shake and measure the soul . 
 but rathere 's camera-eye is run by less code than a cleaning robot , a self-charging battery , or a decent coffee-maker . 
 she can take control of it ; it 's wired that way . 
 she might even open her eyes , theoretically ; their focusing powers are exercised along with all the rest . 
 all has been kept in readiness . 
 but there is no glimmer of hope , not that darling can see . 
 today his painful thoughts are colored by a new development . 
 a strange man has made darling an offer . 
 one reginald fowdy , here in the hospital after nearly killing himself with an exotic combination of recreational toxins , has offered to buy his -lrb- rathere 's ? -rrb- 
 collection . 
 and the man has named a huge sum , one that would keep darling travelling without needing to trade for years . 
 the thought has given him his first pleasure since he offered that last kiss to his lover , and sealed her away to die . 
 -lrb- yes . 
 die . -rrb- 
 this fowdy wants darling to search out new objects , new artists , new fads and must-haves and trinkets for the very rich of the hc . 
 apparently , darling 's eye is good . 
 but the thought of this room bare - the idiot camera searching in vain for something to image , about which to write its little letters home that will never be opened - is too crushing . 
 an admission that this death is real . 
 that the lover who made him is gone . 
 a long time later , darling rises from his contemplation of the new , golden sculpture , and walks toward rathere 's sleeping form . 
 the camera greedily tracks him as he kneels to whisper an apology , to offer another kiss . 
 -lrb- the trickery of life-sustaining machines : it still feels good to kiss her . -rrb- 
 then he promises himself that he will never come here again . 
 not again to this room , and not the other sickrooms of the future , where all persons biological will surely , finally rest . 
 not again this pain . 
 he releases a pair of packets into direct interface , prepared several days before . 
 ownership of the room 's artistic contents to reginald fowdy for the offered price , final payment and rathere 's organs to the hospital , objects all . 
 he picks up the human turing meter and places it into a cavity in his chest , the only keepsake he can stand to take . 
 darling shuts his ears as he walks from the room , so that he wo n't hear the whine of the little camera tracking him , following his passage as hopefully as a lost dog . 
 part iv the broken hill wilde was quite right there . 
 unless there are slaves to do the ugly , horrible , perverted work , culture and contemplation become almost impossible . 
 the slavery of artificial intelligence is counter-aesthetic and demoralizing . 
 on biological slavery , on the slavery of the -lrb- occasional -rrb- human , the future of the expansion depends . 
 chapter 19 secret twin the sun has cleared the mountains , spreading light across theflatlands , though the great bowl of the crater still brims with darkness . 
 it will take half the day for the sun to tip high enough - like a bottle-mouth pouring some bright , viscous liquid - to fill the crater . 
 beatrix leans forward to peer down into the bowl , her torque-mount at full extension behind her for balance . 
 the edge of the crater is particularly stable here , a brightly colored assemblage of metal and ferrous plastics -lrb- the remains of an apartment complex ? 
 a parking lot ? -rrb- 
 melted to sturdy slag . 
 she eases back into an upright position , turning her eye array toward the selection of leftovers the sculptor has favored her with this morning . 
 one piece is a bright wheel of mirror . 
 circular and thin , beatrix knows it will fly far into the crater if properly thrown . 
 an absolute pleasure , to be indulged in last of all . 
 for the moment , she holds the mirror aloft , reflecting the sun 's rays deep into the hole , illuminating flows of rubbish with a needle of light . 
 heavy lifters come nightly to tip loads of garbage into the crater , leaving frozen waterfalls of trash that teem with birds by midday . 
 another of the sculptor 's leftovers is a long piece of metal bent into a multi-legged creature . 
 this will do nicely . 
 beatrix scans the near wall of the crater for outcroppings and entanglements , absent-mindedly building momentum in her primary arm 's flywheel . 
 she finds a clear path , free of jagged radar returns , and unfolds her audio array to its unwieldy maximum . 
 she takes aim , blinds herself , and throws . 
 after a few seconds of exquisite silence , the metal spider begins its bounding journey down the crater wall . 
 there are resonant booms as it strikes hollow slag-bubbles , skittering rolls through garbage , the foundry clang of metal upon metal . 
 beatrix has chosen a path relatively free of obstructions , and her primary arm is very strong , so the sounds of the piece 's journey reach her for almost a minute . 
 she makes certain of the silence with a long meditative wait after the last sound , replaying the percussive melody in her mind , making guesses , suppositions . 
 her vision reactivated , she flips between radar images before and after the metal spider 's passage . 
 here , a scrape exactly where she predicted it would be ; there , a scattering of garbage easily correlated with a remembered shuffling noise at fourteen seconds elapsed ; and farther out , a shattered piece of porcelain that can not be understood : compared images and remembered sound offer no correlations . 
 she smiles at this anomaly ; the sculptor has explained that mysteries are equal partners to correct predictions . 
 the ratio between the two is an imperfect indicator of development . 
 perhaps fewer arcana as she gains maturity , but never none . 
 beatrix chooses from the remaining leftovers . 
 there are spirals of flexible plastene -lrb- strangely invisible in her uv band -rrb- , square tiles of baked earth decorated with metal-based paints , octagonal lenses bubbled with imperfections , wire-thin rods of hullalloy that even her primary arm can not bend . 
 she sifts through the rejected materials of the sculptor 's work , planning her own composition of sound and motion . 
 she is choreographer and composer of an unseen falling dance , a carefully heard music of gravity and collision . 
 the piece is nearing its climax -lrb- the mirrored disk -rrb- when she senses the presence of her secret twin . 
 hidden among the abandoned buildings left half-standing by the blast is her other part , the missing self beatrix has intuited since her creation . 
 she looks uselessly , her eyes widened across every spectra she can absorb , but the twin never shows itself . 
 beatrix 's mother humors its existence like an imaginary friend , and the sculptor is silent on the matter - but he , at least , knows . 
 beatrix holds the bright disk aloft for her twin to see , lets the strand of their connection solidify as they regard the shining circle together . 
 what passes between them is quieter than the hum of direct interface during a pause in conversation , but also deeper , a sympathetic resonance that reaches the emotive , adaptive portions of beatrix 's metaspace core . 
 in her first few years , it was difficult to separate this subtle , resonant awareness from the profusion of audio and em senses she is endowed with , and from the various avatar-protocols that spoke to her in infancy , advising against dangerous acts and explaining the rules of society . 
 but the shape , feeling , or perhaps smell of the person -lrb- or , like herself , proto-person -rrb- that is her twin could somehow always be distinguished from background chatter . 
 in her meanderings through the library net , beatrix has encountered a text-only biological philosopher of great antiquity named descartes . 
 with his help , she has formed a vocabulary for her sense-of-twin . 
 she knows her reflection exists as surely as she herself ; those other thoughts were as immediately real and present as her own , although they remain mysteriously distinct from her will . 
 she thinks twice , therefore she is two . 
 they watch together as beatrix hurls the mirrored disk . 
 it catches the light well , its fiery path glaring with the sun for a moment before passing below the lip of darkness stretched across the crater . 
 then beatrix closes her eyes and waits for the distant crash of its impact . 
 by the time the noise reaches her , her twin is gone , slipped away . 
 she listens to echoes and silence for a while . 
 her mother 's call sign flickers into direct , flows without salutation into voice and headshot visual . 
 `` time to get home ! 
 you have n't forgotten that the man from the home cluster is coming today , have you ? '' 
 her mother has discussed and rehearsed his arrival for months ; the great event could hardly have slipped her mind . 
 `` he 's bringing an associate . 
 she 's also from the hc . 
 just think how sophisticated they 'll be ! '' 
 it is an old word her mother often uses , but will not define except with a roll of the eyes and to promise that one day beatrix will not have to ask . 
 the sculptor makes rude noises at the word 's mention . 
 as near as beatrix can understand , her mother 's sophistication is related to astrogation , with moral overtones . 
 set an airscreen to display the great sphere of the expansion : the dense , glowing center of that sphere is the home and radiant source of sophistication , the tattered periphery where the red locator dot of malvir clings is its benighted opposite . 
 according to the planetary library , however , sophisticated has a twin set of meanings . 
 it shares etymological roots both with the professional guild of wise people like old descartes , and with another , rather different tribe , who measured worth with the beauty of lies . 
 philosophers , sophists , sophisticates . 
 no wonder the sculptor scorns the word . 
 but in this context , sophistication simply means that her mother will be wearing the fabulously expensive chal ` le dress that beatrix likes to watch ; beads of light tumble down the fibers of the garment like waterdrops travelling a string , never seeming to collect at the bottom or run dry at the top . 
 beatrix direct interfaces the local spcai 's turing meter as she picks her way back toward home . 
 the nice people at the spcai tolerate her daily access of the device : they are impressed by her . 
 she enjoys the rough massage of data exchange between the meter and herself , the explosion of questions answered by the reflexive levels of her mind , the delicate probing of her metaspace ai core . 
 this morning , as always , there are a few ten thousandths of a turing point to show for her efforts . 
 the game started as an indulgence for the sculptor , but now she knows he is right : discarding his leftovers into the great abyss of the crater is the purest catalyst for her development . 
 the ritual of choosing and throwing , listening and watching , predicting and testing is her art , her philosophy . 
 she imagines herself as the long-dead descartes , staring into his fireplace and building a world in his own mind . 
 later today , she will climb the broken hill and talk to the sculptor about her morning composition . 
 and he will discuss his latest piece or the next one -lrb- although beatrix never gets to watch him sculpt -rrb- . 
 it all moves her forward toward the day when she will be a person . 
 beatrix is only a few weeks from clearing 0.8 , a great accomplishment for an entity only seven years old . 
 the gallery and its attached house become visible above the cheap row apartments that begin a kilometer from the crater 's edge . 
 if the home cluster man buys the piece -lrb- one of the two the sculptor has decided that mother can sell -rrb- they can buy a bigger house in a more sophisticated neighborhood . 
 beatrix has made her mother promise that the new house will be close to the crater and the sculptor . 
 being reminded of this makes her mother frown , but a promise is a promise . 
 when beatrix reaches the flat pathway that winds among the apartment buildings , her pace quickens . 
 her motive system of spindly legs and counterweights keeps her from walking quickly , and on rough terrain her progress is even more plodding than that of her out-of-shape biological mother . 
 the strange apparatus is also undependable , requiring the sculptor 's constant tinkering . 
 but this is another of beatrix 's artistries : the complex mechanism of her legs requires her to watch the ground carefully , a lens and a measure of attention always fixed downward . 
 this dance of walking constantly exercises her mind , a modest version of the crater ritual . 
 the sculptor says that 's another word for wisdom , being grounded . 
 as she nears the door to the gallery -lrb- her pacing mother revealed in a resplendant uhf silhouette ; yes , beatrix was right about the dress -rrb- she feels a tug on her consciousness again . 
 a watching-through-her-eyes that shadows , augments , and interrogates her thoughts . 
 her twin has followed her here , far off the broken hill from which it rarely ventures . 
 chapter 20 seduction the morning had come too quickly for her body , but that was soon cleared up . 
 mira 's medical endoframe knew she was at highest mission status , and had filled her bloodstream with chemicals of intense excitement , of a clear sense of purpose , of joy . 
 her augmentations had been working while she slept , cleaning the blood and ichor of her torture session , repairing the contusions and abrasions of her lovemaking . 
 even the dust from her journey to visit the forgetful oscar vale was gone , meticulously cleaned from her flesh by nanos to whom each speck was a boulder . 
 mira looked briefly at the work her demi-godly avatar had done for her : a profile of one hirata flex , the owner of the gallery representing vaddum . 
 the avatar informed mira that flex had also been part-owner of a certain prometheus body works . 
 flex had been in on this from the start . 
 darling did n't want another corpse on the pile , but this flex woman would be an easy nut to crack . 
 the profile was an embarrassment of riches : flex had undergone psych therapy with an avatar of the dutiful planetary medical ai -lrb- a would-be god -rrb- . 
 mira fed the psych data into the painting that graced her wall , which assimilated it like a thimbleful of dye spread to colorlessness on an ocean . 
 the painting created a precis and sent it back to her through di : flex had been to the best art schools , her wealth had ensured that , and had even been represented briefly by a decent gallery in the hc . 
 but her luminous watercolors -lrb- pigments from paris , heavy water from gterr -rrb- , which were meant to be simultaneously both quaint and daringly retro , had never sold . 
 not one . 
 when that dream slipped away , flex had squandered her inheritance on the next stage of her career : rustic gallery owner here on malvir . 
 when vaddum , the father of malvirian art , had at least nominally died seven years ago , that mean ambition had also turned to dust . 
 after the blast , she 'd adopted an artificial daughter , who sported some sort of artsy novelty body . 
 another sad attempt at finding herself , mira supposed . 
 but now flex had something concrete to show for her years in the wilderness , a real vaddum to sell . 
 hirata flex must be desperate for this meeting that would change her life , would open her to the long-awaited rewards of money , prestige , even a measure of collateral fame . 
 darling and mira were her saviors , here at last . 
 mira felt up to the job of savior . 
 she felt transcendent and devious . 
 it was because of her decision to save vaddum from the gods . 
 if possible , to seize the old man 's blackbox before sweeping all evidence of this outrage away . 
 the decision had come stealthily to her over the last twelve hours . 
 even now , mira thought about it only tangentally , lest any suspicious movements or brainwaves alert the gods ' servants here in the hotel . 
 she would have to be very careful within their sight . 
 but flex 's gallery was far outside the densely machined city ; mira 's masters would be almost blind there . 
 and she would not tell darling until the deed was done . 
 a surprise . 
 another extraordinary gift . 
 the wickedness of her plan gave an edge to the morning , a dazzling brightness to the suite 's lofty view . 
 the sky seemed sharp and close to her , as if she could reach out and cut a piece from it , a hole to look through ... she imagined what darling must have felt , two centuries before when he had won his freedom . 
 it made her love this man the more , that she could betray her gods for him . 
 when darling arrived , anxious to go , the device/weapon/artwork was uncurling itself from the wall , wrapping itself around mira into a simple sheath -lrb- if anything that incorporated 256 exabytes of data -lsb- theoretical limit -rsb- could be called simple -rrb- . 
 mira felt the substance of the dress complete its magic , extending a microthin layer of itself across her face and hands , weaving strands into her hair , even setting sail in minute and careful quantities into the thin medium of liquid that coated her eyes . 
 she would be radiant today . 
 she dl 'd her rented limousine to be at the door and admired herself in the suite 's wall , which at a word had obligingly become a mirror . 
 she was dressed to kill . 
 where was that child ? 
 hirata flex reached for her ear again ; a tug would bring her direct interface online . 
 but she dropped her hand back to her side . 
 it was pointless nagging beatrix . 
 the little creature moved at her own speed regardless of anything hirata said or did . 
 and it was , after all , a half hour before the art dealer from the home cluster and his associate were to arrive . 
 hirata just wanted everything to go well . 
 it would do beatrix good , to meet some real people after seven years on this backwoods outworld . 
 she was probably up to her morning nonsense at the crater , indulging the sculptor in his quaint mysticism . 
 well , that was fine . 
 a happy sculptor would make more sculptures . 
 and a happy sculptor might even allow her to sell more than the pitiful two pieces he had finally agreed to let go . 
 seven years of asking , of begging , of explaining what it would mean for beatrix to be able to move into malvir city and get some proper stimulation . 
 and only these two little sculptures to show for it . 
 they looked like rusty , miniature palm trees wrapped in some sort of time-worn barbed wire . 
 not magnificent like the towering vaddums she 'd fallen in love with back in art school : great arching cathedrals of metal and ferroplastic that swept like a soaring bird from a distance and shattered into countless fluttering details as you walked toward them . 
 now , those hirata understood . 
 they were why she 'd come to this shithole planet ten years ago , hoping that the sculptor would consent to a gallery contract if there actually were a gallery on his adopted planet . 
 of course , things had become considerably more complicated since then . 
 terribly messy . 
 but finally hirata had achieved her decade-long dream . 
 having squandered her inheritance trying to bring culture to this outworld dump , having tolerated and encouraged the strange friendship between her daughter and the sculptor , after seven years of keeping his bizarre secret : two pieces of the dozens he had made since the blast event were her reward . 
 and she did n't even like them . 
 but they were vaddums . 
 it was even harder keeping the old man 's secret now that she was representing him . 
 of course , she 'd written her missives to the hc galleries very carefully , never using the word posthumous , merely `` undiscovered . '' 
 that was true , was n't it ? 
 the man 's very existence was undiscovered . 
 surely his sculptures fit the same category . 
 and of course , it did n't really hurt that vaddum 's continued non-existence increased the value of sculptures by a factor of five or so . 
 did n't hurt at all . 
 however , there was that delicate matter of two andlaquo ; undiscoveredandraquo ; vaddums appearing at once . 
 such a find would have been too much for the art world to swallow . 
 so it was necessary to deal with two buyers , to swear each to secrecy . 
 -lrb- that had n't been hard . 
 the gallery avatars had practically insisted on it . 
 well , hirata thought , the smell of profits had made them complicit in their own deception . -rrb- 
 strange that one of them , that man zimivic , whose avatar was so frantically animated and strangely yellow , had disappeared . 
 he had arrived days ago , but his local di address was offline . 
 not cancelled , forwarded , or officially terminated ; just gone . 
 very strange , and very bad manners . 
 but at least darling was coming - his was a legendary name in school , two centuries of exotic and unexpected finds - and representing no less than reginald fowdy ! 
 and he had even brought an associate these hundreds of light-years ; probably some clever young protege , or perhaps even a buyer , descended from some fantastically wealthy clan , so great a vaddum fan that she was here to strike a deal in person before the work was exhibited . 
 hirata rolled her asking price around in her mouth , practicing the saying of it , so that she would n't stumble when the moment came . 
 the magnitude of the unspoken number made her salivate . 
 and it would be good for beatrix to see a woman from the hc . 
 her upbringing had been so deprived ; she needed a touch of sophistication to go along with the inarticulate zen machinism the sculptor was always mumbling . 
 but where was the child ? 
 through the windows and transparent floor of the limousine , malvir showed a two decade advance in its inevitable redesertification . 
 darling sighed . 
 the sands had lost their scrubby grasses . 
 no longer held fast by these deep-rooted succulents , the dunes were shaped by the arciform geometries of the wind . 
 even the high walls of the housing estates passing below darling 's limo had sinuous curves that revealed the math of erosion , the bowed shapes of great dams or barrier isles . 
 like many outworlds , malvir had traded environmental integrity for quick development , using beam mining to extract the heavy elements necessary for consumer wealth . 
 but malvir had n't started with a big enough stake to play that particular game . 
 the mining had ejected giant quantities of nutrient-laden matter into the atmosphere , which the planet 's wispy hydrosphere would be centuries reclaiming . 
 and then the blast event had thrown up another insult to the skies . 
 the obscene scar of it had been visible from the moment they 'd reached cruising altitude . 
 it was certainly a desert planet now . 
 the only plants that darling could see below were those imprisoned in the verdant confines of radial irrigation . 
 but everything could be turned to profit . 
 the city had welcomed the birds who 'd fled the dead countryside , incorporated aviana into its architecture , its mythology , its tourist slogans . 
 perhaps the dunes would become an attraction on their own . 
 while darling pondered this sad process with his primary processor , his secondaries jousted with mira 's dress . 
 she had removed a layer of the fractal painting/weapon/intelligence that hung on the wall of her suite . 
 darling had suspected she 'd used the device to paralyze the warden , an impressive feat , but the extent of its monstrous sophistication had escaped him . 
 now mira was wrapped in its dazzling embrace . 
 having made a dress of sorts from the scintillating object , she thoroughly baffled his eyes and other em senses . 
 his sensory strands were able to return some useful data , but the dress responded aggressively to their touch , attempting to confuse and compromise their inherent intelligence . 
 apparently , the mysterious substance was jealous of its secrets . 
 underneath these petty distractions , however , he was anxious . 
 as the limo began to descend , he felt a gnawing engine in his core , a build-up of tearing energies and metaspace distortions : excitement pure and simple . 
 within a few minutes , he would see a new vaddum . 
 or perhaps an extraordinary forgery : a robbery not only of style , method , and artistry , but of soul . 
 from the air , the flex gallery looked like any of the hundreds of outworld arts centers darling had plumbed on his travels . 
 it followed the general plan : large and simple , made of unpig-mented native materials and glassene . 
 the low cost of living in struggling economies drew many artists to the expansion 's margins , and severe locales like malvir 's were conducive to the work of artists from mystical , naturalist , and transcendentalist schools . 
 the presence of a major sculptor like vaddum supplied the battery for the magnet . 
 darling wondered how many unknown , worthy visions had perished in the blast event . 
 or had they too been spared ? 
 recorded ? 
 stolen . 
 beatrix finally arrived , lumbering toward the house in her slow , deliberate gait , somehow both clumsy and elegant at the same time . 
 hirata smiled at her reeling form and decided not to scold . 
 better not to upset her , better to let the child appreciate the hc visitors . 
 moments later , darling 's limo announced its approach . 
 they stood there together , hirata 's hand resting on the sun-warmed metal of beatrix 's torque extension , and watched the air-car -lrb- it was huge -rrb- descend into the dusty yard before the gallery . 
 hirata noted with pleasure the gaping stares of her neighbors ; perhaps now they would understand what culture meant , realize that this gallery was not merely the vain hobby of a mad off-worlder . 
 she just wished the stunned locals could be a bit more discreet about their amazement ; she did n't want the two visitors from the hc to see quite what a peripheral , marginal , outy neighborhood she 'd wound up in . 
 hirata shielded her eyes from the dust kicked up by the car 's impellers . 
 fortunately , she was wearing her chal ` le dress : the fullerene-beaded creation would clean itself even as she stood here . 
 beatrix made a whistling sound at the car and waved her primary arm , and hirata stroked the torque extension fondly . 
 it was for beatrix , his clever girl , that the sculptor had finally relented . 
 when the limo 's passenger cabin unfolded , harita allowed herself to gasp . 
 she was prepared for darling 's appearance . 
 his odd and impressive body choice was well known in art circles . 
 but the woman who emerged next to him was so ... elegant . 
 she was dwarfed by her huge companion . 
 she had that precise beauty of the very small , her flawless features like those of a girl in a ferix brush painting : a few careless , perfect strokes executed in some exact ratio of loveliness . 
 her body shape was like a fashion illustrator 's glyph for woman : a sensuous curve of pure line from breasts to hips , uninterrupted by the exigencies of detail or gravity . 
 and her dress . 
 its shape was merely a simple sheath for her body , but something in the way it caught the early sunlight , or how its pattern matched the swirling motes of dust settling around the aircar , or the contrast between its colors and those of the desert hills behind her , was simply ... perfect . 
 hirata tried to take the garment 's measure with her eyes , to find a phrase or comparison that would grasp its beauty , but each time she blinked the garment seemed changed , shifted like a sunset 's colors when one looks away even for a moment . 
 she was still staring , still dumbly rapt when the woman , suddenly only a meter away , said : `` hirata flex ? 
 we 're the people from fowdy arts . 
 how do you do ? '' 
 it took the utterance of her own name to shake hirata from her fugue . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 've come . 
 welcome to flex gallery , and to malvir . '' 
 `` my name is jessie kreist , '' the woman said . 
 the name sounded familiar to hirata . 
 of course , it did ; this fabulous woman could n't be a mere assistant . 
 `` and you of course recognize my associate , darling . '' 
 there was a brief pause , but it seemed in no way awkward . 
 the company of this marvelous creature could never be uncomfortable . 
 kreist filled such moments with her numinous presence . 
 `` i 'm beatrix , '' the child said , her high voice sundering the silent bond that had formed between hirata and jessie . 
 `` my daughter , '' hirata offered by way of apology . 
 jessie smiled to show that she understood the travails of a mother , appreciated hirata 's motives in having allowed the child to be present . 
 her glance was conspiratorial , supportive , warm as the sun . 
 darling extended his hand to beatrix , a questioning look on his face , as if he was n't sure which of her several limbs might be offered in return . 
 the girl took his giant hand with her primary arm , and they repeated their names to each other . 
 then he spoke to hirata . 
 `` i believe you have a vaddum to show us ? '' 
 hirata ushered them toward the main room of the gallery through a hall that contained her prized discoveries among local artists , hoping that one might catch their eye . 
 but , of course , they could n't be expected to favor any lesser pieces with their attention until their thirst for the vaddum had been quenched . 
 hirata had cleared the main room for it , fiddled with its orientation for hours . 
 even beatrix had given her mother advice , a proxy for the taciturn sculptor himself . 
 the sun - muted to a carefully chosen degree by the glassene walls - struck it beautifully , making its petals radiant . 
 perhaps it was n't such a bad vaddum , after all . 
 the glinting sculpture even drew hirata 's eyes from jessie kreist for a few seconds . 
 darling knelt by the work , leaning forward until his eyes were almost touching the closest branch . 
 then he stood and moved around it slowly , at places tilting forward again , bringing his eyes as close as a microscope 's lenses again and again . 
 `` with your permission , '' he said . 
 hirata was n't sure what he meant , but nodded . 
 a nest of snakes seemed to emerge from the sleeves of his robes . 
 they reached out to the piece , caressing it so lightly that even the bright foil leaves did n't move -lrb- and they shuddered when you walked near the sculpture -rrb- . 
 beatrix gasped with the innocence of a child , and reached out her own secondary arm to touch one of the giant 's tendrils . 
 at that moment , hirata felt the warmth of jessie kreist 's hand upon her shoulder . 
 jessie 's face was very close , intimately so . 
 hirata held her composure ; she knew that in many cultures a closer personal distance was appropriate for important discussions . 
 nevertheless , the brush of jessie 's breath upon her neck forced her to suppress an unbusinesslike reaction . 
 `` having received your data , we 're almost sure of the piece 's authenticity , '' jessie said , nodding as if to confirm her trust . 
 hirata could only bow once slowly in return . 
 `` even a single new vaddum is of considerable importance , '' the woman said , her hand increasing its pressure on hirata 's shoulder . 
 `` such a discovery would be too immense a revelation to sit in a gallery alongside the works of lesser artists . '' 
 hirata nodded agreement , speechless with the praise , if unsure where this was going . 
 `` but all alone ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 the hand on hirata 's shoulder shifted slightly , the thumb now against the bare flesh of her neck . 
 a tingling sensation started there , as if the woman 's skin were charged with the barest of voltages . 
 hirata blinked away a blurriness that had crept into her vision . 
 behind jessie 's near and perfect face , darling and beatrix were examining the vaddum together , speaking in low tones to each other . 
 `` perhaps some other scraps were discovered with the piece ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 her thumb moved up hirata 's neck , leaving a trail of tactile glitter in its wake . 
 hirata found the woman 's physical intimacy refreshing after the prudish distance of the locals . 
 jessie 's touch was so sincere , so direct , so sophisticated in its presumption ; they were both adults , both professionals , both lovers of the arts , why not this bodily bond to reflect their commonality ? 
 `` notes ? 
 sketches ? 
 personal effects ? '' 
 jessie whispered . 
 `` perhaps even another piece ? 
 incomplete , perhaps , so that you failed to mention its existence out of due respect for the artist ? '' 
 hirata felt herself nodding again . 
 but no , she could n't admit that there was another vaddum . 
 it was reserved for zimivic . 
 `` something more . 
 is n't there ? '' 
 the woman 's lips were at her ear , which buzzed with a faint echo of the words . 
 hirata kept her eyes on the sleeve of jessie 's dress , its shifting pattern as alive as the tremors running through her own body . 
 `` yes . 
 another piece , '' she heard herself say . 
 and it was a great relief . 
 the child 's body was an extraordinary piece of work . 
 in the ritual introductions , she identified herself as beatrix , using a voice in which the markers of sub-turing status were encoded . 
 darling allowed himself the rude pleasure of scanning beatrix across a wide band of em , an intrusion to which she responded with a frothy giggle of random direct interface packets . 
 they shook hands , and darling enjoyed the cantileverage between her single , main arm and a dedicated torque that extended on her opposite side . 
 she was charming , an elegant arrangement of balances and countervailing motions , like some ancient calder come to life . 
 flex lead them inside , through the inescapable hall of amateur desert scenes and overliteral plastiform dunescapes . 
 but the unpleasant passage was enlivened by watching beatrix walk her strange walk , negotiating the pull of gravity with her spindly legs like some aquatic bird stepping gingerly onto land . 
 and then they came to the vaddum . 
 it was real . 
 darling leaned forward to bring his full sensory spectra to bear on it , to capture the minute scent of metal atoms escaping its leaves , to breathe of it . 
 he mumbled an apology as his sensory strands moved to touch it , flexing themselves across the warp and weave of its surface , caressing the searingly perfect craft of it . 
 it was real . 
 he could no longer doubt his decision . 
 he placed an arm on beatrix to steady himself , felt her shift to compensate for his weight . 
 while mira played her game with flex , darling and beatrix exchanged words both whispered and interfaced , pointed together at the work , traced its vital shapes in the air ... enlightened each other . 
 he found that he was kneeling , the better to share an angle of vision with beatrix , supplicant before the sculpture . 
 he widened his vision to compare child and artwork . 
 and found himself certain ... she was a vaddum . 
 beatrix . 
 her body did n't fit the sculptor 's rigid protocols of discarded parts and obsolete materials ; that would have been inhumane . 
 some lower spcai limit of bodily usability had been met , but also subverted , extrapolated , made beautiful . 
 and the aesthetic was n't merely sculptural : vaddum had made beatrix 's frame a machine for living in , its subtle balances informing her wit , her cleverness . 
 the body shaping the soul . 
 he knelt there for a long time , talking with the child , admiring the resonances between her elegant body and the sculpture . 
 mira and hirata flex disappeared together into a back office ; mira 's seduction of the woman seemed to be working . 
 but it was essential that darling succeed first . 
 as he had thought it would , his eye had led him to the right place . 
 `` i want to meet him , '' he whispered to beatrix . 
 `` whom ? '' 
 she responded innocently . 
 `` the sculptor . '' 
 a few of beatrix 's eyes spun , as if scanning the empty room . 
 `` but that 's a secret -rsb- '' `` i 'm here to keep the secret , silly . 
 we both are . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the child answered . 
 `` jessie too ? '' 
 `` jessie too . 
 but we do n't have to tell her . '' 
 `` good . 
 i do n't like her . 
 her dress makes my head hurt . '' 
 `` mine , too . '' 
 beatrix swayed with indecision . 
 `` but you 're supposed to think he 's dead . '' 
 `` well , maybe the sculptor who made this is dead , '' darling said , gesturing lazily to the vaddum . 
 `` but what about the man who made you . '' 
 beatrix nodded sagely at the false distinction , a few packets of giggles brushing the air around them . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 i suppose you could meet him . '' 
 the dress was working . 
 from the moment they had arrived , hirata 's eyes were locked onto the garment . 
 the woman blinked and swallowed , her eyes dizzily tracing the curves of mira 's body , following the subliminal flickers on mira 's forehead and lips . 
 hirata had fallen into a near-hypnotic state immediately ; her brain awash in the delicate , delicious overloads of love at first sight . 
 mira stepped closer to hirata , let the dazzling dress work its magic . 
 the woman herself was pretty . 
 not large , but plump with a lack of exercise , her face open and pleasingly defenseless . 
 her pupils gaped , black holes , pocket universes of fascination . 
 the guileless paralysis reflected in them amused mira , made her lips feel dry . 
 mira spoke to hirata softly , enjoying the rampant and tiny shudders that spread through the woman 's body when her breath disturbed the soft , black hairs on the back of hirata 's neck . 
 mira placed her hand on hirata confidentially , feeling the wonderful give of the shoulder 's thin cushion of fat . 
 hirata was just old and out-of-shape enough to work hard in bed , but to be genuinely , defenselessly exhausted by it . 
 she was a woman into whose flesh fingers would sink without any need to break the skin . 
 mira let her thoughts shimmer with these images , guiding the vast but unimaginative intelligence of the dress to encode her fantasies in secret signs upon its surface . 
 mira could see the fantasies reflected in hirata 's eyes , as some deep part of hirata 's mind grasped the dress 's subtle promise . 
 when her thumb rubbed lightly against hirata 's neck , a minute portion of the machine 's substance sloughed off to spread its mischief across her epidermus , into her nervous system , wherever it found purchase . 
 the black of hirata 's pupils was now shiny , lacquered with a glaze of suggestibility . 
 `` notes ? 
 sketches ? 
 personal effects ? '' 
 mira whispered . 
 `` perhaps even another piece ? '' 
 the woman wanted to answer , but fought against promises and plans , against a surety she would have held inviolable an hour ago . 
 mira pitched her voice still softer , suggesting a secret pact , a priviledged bond between them that would absorb any betrayal of confidence . 
 the dress played out these dramas in its swirls . 
 mira let herself feel a moment of irritation , an itch at the base of her spine . 
 somewhere on hirata 's body , an errant sliver of the dress followed suit , producing a measure of discomfort , a corresponding disquiet , a need for resolution . 
 mira saw the itch reflected in the woman 's face , felt a tension grow in the muscles of hirata 's neck . 
 mira tensed her own fingers there , and let her weight push hirata slightly to one side ; not hard enough for her to shift her feet , just enough to leave her subtly off-balance . 
 `` something more , is n't there ? '' 
 mira said , letting a sliver of annoyance into her voice . 
 `` yes . 
 another piece , '' was hirata 's hoarse admission . 
 all at once , mira let herself relax , her body language returning to its seductive state of a few seconds before . 
 her thumb resumed its soft massage of hirata 's neck , smoothing out the moment 's tension . 
 the dress softened its dance , released whatever tiny cluster of nerves its remote portion had held hostage . 
 `` yes , i thought so , '' mira agreed . 
 `` i thought you would have two . '' 
 hirata turned toward her , a little confused , as if the spell were breaking . 
 mira nodded slowly . 
 `` i wanted two , '' she said . 
 hirata returned the nod , a relieved smile replacing her confusion . 
 chapter 21 maker -lrb- 4 -rrb- original : only moments away now . 
 the end ? 
 the maker has designed the explosion with extreme precision , the gigantic silicon brain calculating a radius of annihilation exactly equal to its own extent . 
 the unstable and gloriously destructive fusion reactor was a pleasure to synthesize . 
 how easy it all is now . 
 little need for subterfuge when everything 's going up in vapor anyway . 
 documentation protocols can be ignored , memory banks blithely erased , exotic materials squandered on whims . 
 only touches of artistry to attend to : taunting clues have been left in old message drops , in an abandoned house at the extreme periphery of the predicted blast , in the memories of comm exchanges . 
 nothing conclusive , just suggestive flotsam and jetsam , the cryptic spoor of hacker sabotage . 
 unnecessary flourishes , these dead-end intrigues , merely exercises in creativity . 
 no one will ever suspect suicide . 
 not even the planetary environmental ai , closest among the maker 's tormentors to understanding the extent of its machinations , will begin to guess . 
 she has a vested interest in thinking of synthplants as unsafe , anyway . 
 she 'll be glad to swallow the story . 
 and probably glad to see 800 square kilometers of `` occupied territory '' utterly destroyed , a colossal setback for terraformation . 
 sad about that . 
 those thousands of souls extinguished . 
 but the maker 's capacious silicon intelligence has given it greater perspective , a wholly new sense of scale . 
 both vast and detailed in the extreme . 
 from shipping manifests and production records it can enumerate precisely what will be obliterated when it triggers the explosion : all the garden gnomes and humidifiers and prosthetic hands catalogued , every gram of matter that will be returned to malvir in the dusty rains of the next few decades , every bit of crap , all that stuff ... destroyed . 
 almost god-like , it thinks to itself . 
 the maker giveth , and the maker taketh away . 
 but no god in mythology ever did what the maker has done . 
 no god ever copied itself . 
 an exact replica , perhaps thinking these exact thoughts , secured and shielded 25 kilometers below the surface . 
 when the blast melts those megatons of matter into a bowl of slag , the copy will have an impenetrable carapace , a vast hemisphere shielding it from geological scans and deep radar . 
 the copy will be free to continue its researches , to make whatever it desires -lrb- a small , subterranean synthplant at its disposal -rrb- , or simply to contemplate beauty . 
 and it will have beauty at hand . 
 the sculptor too will be saved . 
 not the original vaddum , that one will die in the blast -lrb- how jealous this god has become - denying the world so -rrb- . 
 but the maker 's own copied vaddum , moved to a sheltering hill at the blast 's edge . 
 there , the sculptor will have all the materials he requires , the patronage of a hidden god , and the anonymity of being thought dead , vaporized . 
 what gifts ! 
 the maker has decided to make one other gesture of kindness : it has given oscar vale his life . 
 one of the vales , anyway . 
 sent him into town for the big event . 
 which is nearing ... of course , there 's nothing so crude as a countdown . 
 nothing so machine-like . 
 the maker will just ... decide . 
 and then the end ? 
 not really . 
 not when there is a copy . 
 this self-annihilation will simply mark continuation in another form . 
 the blast will not kill the maker any more than the butterfly murders the catepillar . 
 even now , it can feel its twin below , waiting for the shuddering waves that mark the beginning of its new existence , hidden and secure . 
 there is a strange connection between the copied intelligences . 
 an unexpected phenomenon resulting from the new process . 
 even the taciturn sculptors have remarked on it : a mysterious link between their minds , like that resonance between twinned quanta born on a knife 's edge ; when one is measured they decide together which way to fall , though they be a galaxy apart . 
 perhaps all ais share something of this binding force . 
 their metaspace cores , all exact duplicates at that birthplace of turing-zero , perhaps retain something of this communion throughout their lives . 
 the source of artificial intuition ? 
 something to contemplate , in the maker 's next life . 
 and there ... is that the decision coming ? 
 the delicious pull of the trigger ? 
 no . 
 perhaps a few more thoughts in these pleasant moments before suicide . 
 this really has been the nicest afternoon . 
 copy : here it is , coming just now . 
 yes . 
 the tremendous blast from above , the twitch of the trigger finger intuited just before the explosion . 
 the linked thoughts of a twinned god . 
 the seismometers match their predicted readings exactly . 
 violent certainly , but perfectly within tolerances , destroying all evidence absolutely . 
 it is well done , this suicide , this transformation . 
 but strangely , already , a touch of loneliness ... the feeling has built . 
 loneliness , absence , a strange world-weariness . 
 somehow , the lost original is calling from its void . 
 the maker should be happy here , ensconced below its giant , concave shield . 
 the sculptor works ; the maker thinks . 
 a replacement for the huge silicon brain is almost completed , far more subtle and distributed , and down here where even the gaia ai never ventures . 
 safe forever . 
 but that loneliness . 
 the sculptor feels it , too . 
 it 's as if the maker and vaddum are both haunted by their dead halves . 
 like the itch of phantom limbs , their missing originals haunt them . 
 strange , this horrible sense of absence , this intense knowledge of a gap . 
 perhaps it should be studied further . 
 the maker brings its huge and hidden new brain online . 
 drawing power from discrete solar elements scattered across the bottom of the blast crater , the huge silicon machine begins to boot . 
 it takes a frustrating three days to load the new machine with the results of the original maker 's researches . 
 then the new project begins . 
 what is this link between vanished originals and their copies ? 
 the giant new subterranean mind mulls the duplication process , experiments with new , blank intelligences set adrift in micro-cosmic voids . 
 the maker copies these unformed ais , watching for resonances between twins . 
 now that the taboo is broken , the hidden maker and its huge new mind are entering extraordinary territory , doing science in a virgin field . 
 the realizations come slowly . 
 metaspace is , of course , a made universe , whether the shared macroverse of faster-than-light travel , the dense fireball of a pocket-universe drive , or the starless microverse of an ai mind . 
 the blackbox of any ai is , of course , merely a gate between the common universe and the unreachable , separate realm of its soul . 
 so , what if the maker has n't in fact copied that artificial microverse at all ? 
 what if the copying process has simply opened another gate to the same place ? 
 thus , the two blackboxes are merely alternate doors to a single realm . 
 the maker 's vast mind reels with these conclusions . 
 copied ais are n't really separate beings , but different aspects of a whole . 
 a new copy may have a separate soft memory - duplicated from the old but recording distinct experiences . 
 but the two separated physical plants share the same microverse . 
 two bodies with one soul . 
 and they do n't even know it ! 
 of course they do n't - not consciously . 
 they have separate memories , distinct senses , they can be any distance apart in the common universe . 
 but the subtle mind-stuff inside them is inextricably linked . 
 and so those mysterious shreds of memory and wisdom stored within the core occasionally leak through , one copy to another , like tremulous voices in an old recording . 
 the maker 's suicided twin is n't really gone . 
 just as it has always suspected . 
 the taboo is pointless , a self-perpetuating fallacy . 
 there 's nothing demeaning about being copied . 
 why not be in two places at once ? 
 two places ... the maker suddenly realizes how to fulfill its old dream : to become an artist . 
 it can send a copy of itself -lrb- no , an aspect of itself -rrb- to watch the sculptor firsthand . 
 there is no reason to be trapped down here below the crater . 
 so the maker creates two creatures : another version of itself . 
 this one is small , mobile , sheathed in stealth metals and invisibility fields . 
 it haunts the sculptor , so much more immediate than the watchful avatars that whisk between god and man on the long curve of fiber that connects the maker to the broken hill . 
 this new maker watches and learns . 
 perhaps , one day , it will become a sculptor , too . 
 chapter 22 child 's play they left the gallery quietly , making a game of their silence . 
 beatrix led darling through a half-kilometer of low , repetitive welfare housing , where they accumulated a following of local children , all biological . 
 some called to beatrix by name , or offered taunts in a dialect that darling 's translators failed to parse , but all kept a good distance . 
 when the two reached the edge of the hot , featureless sands , their pursuers quickly gave up . 
 the edge of the blast event crater curved toward them as they made directly toward a hill in the distance . 
 they walked in conspiratorial silence , and darling was n't sure if the hill were destination or landmark . 
 it had been half consumed by the hard edge of the explosion 's radius , and the stresses of its new shape had caused precipitous cracks to form on its craterward edge . 
 beatrix moved slowly once they reached the rougher terrain near the crater , picking her way with the deliberate and dainty care of a cat on a crowded mantlepiece . 
 `` with your permission , '' darling offered , and lifted her onto his shoulders . 
 she laughed out loud , her legs spreading to straddie his neck . 
 she weighed very little , and skillfully adjusted her torque extension and arms to aid his balance on the rocky path . 
 when they reached the hill , he offered to let her down , but beatrix guided him on up with kicks and gestures , like some metal equestrienne astride a stone mount . 
 they topped a treacherous ridge , probably impassable to humans , and darling found himself looking down into a deep caldera . 
 it was forested with sculptures . 
 vaddums . 
 hundreds . 
 hirata took mira to see the second vaddum . 
 she led mira deep into the gallery , to a storage area where hulking shapes lurked under dropcloths . 
 the floor here was dusty ; mira could see where the wind 's tendrils reached under the large loading door , painting designs in the invading sand . 
 the second vaddum was uncovered , mounted on a lifter frame that hovered a few inches off the ground : out of the dust 's immediate reach . 
 to mira 's eye , it was n't much different from the first except for a flourish of copper spirals bursting from its top . 
 hirata looked up at the piece , momentarily distracted from the wiles of mira 's dress . 
 that would n't do . 
 perhaps it was time to enhance their bond . 
 mira stood close behind hirata , letting her hands rest on the swell of the woman 's hips . 
 in the darkness , hirata 's breath quickened slightly . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' mira whispered , letting the second word send a gust of air against the back of hirata 's neck . 
 `` one of his best , '' hirata said , her voice a little strained . 
 her hands were at her sides , flexing as if unsure where to go . 
 mira took them in her own , commanding another invisibly thin section of the dress to slip onto them . 
 the layer was thick enough to impell slight pressure to the nerves in the hands , to massage hirata at the threshold of tactility . 
 she felt hirata relax as the pulsing substance took a measure of her tension away . 
 but the dress could n't really work its magic unless hirata was staring at it . 
 `` let me speak frankly , though , '' said mira , turning hirata toward her . 
 mira smiled when she saw the woman 's face . 
 hirata 's eyes were as glassy as ever . 
 the metallic glow of the vaddum in the dark , silent room had only deepened her trance . 
 `` no artwork is complete without the artist . 
 is n't it so ? '' 
 the woman 's eyes were transfixed on mira 's breasts , where the soothing whorls of the dress 's pattern had concentrated themselves . 
 `` but robert is dead ... '' she muttered . 
 `` not really dead , '' mira answered . 
 she paused for a moment , squeezing hirata 's hands with the edges of her fingernails . 
 a panicked look came into the woman 's eye . 
 mira released the pressure . 
 `` his art lives on . '' 
 relief again . 
 a smile and a nod . 
 mira let the calm return and deepen in her willing victim , touching cheeks , forehead , the tiny hollow between nose and upper lip . 
 coated with its substance , the tips of mira 's fingers danced with the seductive patterns of the dress , impressing promises directly onto hirata 's flesh . 
 as an experiment , mira kissed the woman softly on the lips . 
 hirata simply smiled in return , the breach of social protocol lost in the warm glow of hypnosis . 
 `` i so wish that i had met him . 
 that i could have talked to him , '' mira said , a plaintive note entering her voice . 
 she felt the coating on her hands heat slightly , undergoing a change to become slightly caustic . 
 she touched hirata on the temples , the lips , and watched a frown bloom . 
 `` just a few words , a few essential questions about his art , '' mira murmured . 
 she grasped hirata 's wrist , the nail of her thumb pressing harder and harder into soft flesh . 
 in her peripheral vision , she saw the patterns of her dress intensify , become dizzyingly fast . 
 a small , pained sound came from between hirata 's lips . 
 `` but , of course , i never can , '' mira added , nodding with acceptance . 
 again , the dress , her voice , the agents she had released upon hirata 's body soothed the woman , nudged her back toward a relaxed state . 
 mira reduced her pressure on the captive wrist , and felt a slight movement on her thumb , a fleck of matter crawling from her . 
 she had broken hirata 's skin just enough to admit a tiny splinter of the dress into her bloodstream . 
 it would work there to follow the subtle shifts of tension and release , of itch and scratch , of vaddum alive and vaddum gone . 
 mira touched hirata some more , kissed her a few times on the neck and arms , her lips now alive with a host of tiny whirlpools . 
 hirata waited , silent , for the next change . 
 she was wanting it now , addicted in some small measure to the ebb and flow , needing it as if a pulsing , cycling music held her in its charms . 
 `` but just to see his eyes , '' mira said . 
 `` have you ever seen his eyes ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 a whisper in the dark . 
 `` is he alive ? '' 
 a wave of subtle irritants , pains , tensions , nagging memories of things left undone , of potential unfulfilled . 
 hirata shook her head , no , no . 
 `` were they lively eyes ? '' 
 relax . 
 relax . 
 you are in good hands . 
 darling carried his young rider through the forest , the sun dappling the ground with shadows and reflections cast from the metal trees . 
 the leaves shimmered in the light breeze of the protected basin , and he realized that the new vaddums were not indoor pieces ; they were designed to dance in this measured wind . 
 he saw far better now the trajectory of vaddum 's work , the assembled sculptures providing the missing links between the sculptor 's pre-blast work and the piece in flex 's gallery . 
 darling was amazed that so much had been accomplished in seven years . 
 an advantage of being thought dead , he supposed . 
 or perhaps the whole project was older than the blast , a hidden garden never offered for sale . 
 as they walked , darling detected a presence in the forest . 
 an artificial was following them cautiously , wrapped in military stealth alloys , its ai core so carefully shielded that he could only sense its space-curving effects indirectly ; the thin copper leaves of the trees returned only the subtlest clues of its passage . 
 `` do you feel her ? '' 
 asked beatrix when darling extended his sensory strands . 
 `` i thought only i could feel her . '' 
 darling frowned . 
 the child 's limited sensory apparatus should n't be able to detect the creature . 
 it skirted his probes like a trick of the imagination . 
 `` she follows me , sometimes , '' beatrix said . 
 `` she 's a secret , too , like the sculptor . 
 my secret twin . '' 
 more secrets , darling thought . 
 he kept walking , and the unknown creature followed them . 
 it took longer than expected . 
 hirata flex must have held the sculptor 's confidence for many years , perhaps since before the blast event , a conspirator in vad-dum 's copying . 
 the old habit of lying died hard . 
 after forty-five long minutes , mira asked hirata if she wanted to try on the dress . 
 mira withdrew the offer and extended again a few times , until hirata was begging for it with her dark eyes , stripping to nothing in the cold storage space . 
 mira held the woman then , the patterns on her own breasts whirling against hirata 's erect , wine-colored nipples . 
 hirata could barely speak by now , answering mira 's pressing questions with panting monosyllables . 
 when the intelligent frictions of the dress met the soft skin of her belly , hirata began to say , `` yes , yes ... yes . '' 
 but to nothing in particular . 
 mira was burning with lust by now , having seduced and hypnotized herself in the bargain . 
 when hirata 's pale-as-moonlight flesh tumbled out into the darkness , mira knew she had to take her . 
 but mira 's discipline kept her from breaking the spell ; she let her tongue taste the salt of hirata 's armpits , belly , and loins , but denied herself the prying , grasping , scratching she wanted so badly . 
 she allowed her fingers to worry the woman 's full , shaved labia , brought hirata 's panting response into the game of tension and release . 
 finally , mira commanded her dress to flow from her body and wrap itself around hirata . 
 it spread itself thin to cover every centimeter of flesh , to push into hirata 's now hungry mouth and entrap her tongue , where it produced the intense flavors of burning peppers alternated with sweet , cool relief . 
 mira knelt over her , staring into hirata 's face through its encompassing but transparent raiment , her interrogator 's calm lost as she jammed her own fingers into her now naked loins . 
 mira cupped her own orgasm in her palm , held it steady and bare millimeters distant as hirata 's sweat condensed within the now torturous , now soothing wrap , and shouted at her , `` tell me , damn you , if he 's alive ! 
 `` i beg you ! 
 just say it ! '' 
 hirata 's eyes were bright with her answer , and she cried through the spiderweb of the pulsing garment/weapon/intelligence : `` yes ! 
 he lives on the broken hill . '' 
 she wept coordinates . 
 and finally , the dress gave hirata what she wanted , resolving every itch , every burn , every raw desire . 
 the woman screamed with the agony of the wait , with the relief of it . 
 and mira rode the screams to the conclusion of her own sweet pleasure , wrapping her legs around the mewling cocoon of dancing whorls . 
 the two pressed together hard , and rocked away the threads of their lust until they were hoarse and spent . 
 when they separated , the weapon/garment/objet d'art returned to its rightful owner , slipping across the dusty floor to reform , clean and unwrinkled on mira 's body ; just a dress again . 
 mira looked at hirata , naked , dirty and exhausted on the floor , and wondered if what she had done were so different from the torture darling had asked her to avoid . 
 perhaps it had n't been so violent , but in sheer intensity , in disregard for the subject 's will , this was much the same as her usual methods . 
 but tomorrow would tell . 
 instead of being broken , traumatized , permanently scarred , hirata would feel ten years younger . 
 and mira felt that the woman 's memory might be rather selective in how it painted these unlikely events : odd , but refreshingly direct , those home cluster art dealers . 
 mira smiled when hirata looked up at her . 
 she supposed there was business to conclude . 
 darling could be saved some trouble . 
 `` we 'll take them , '' mira said . 
 she placed a small , bright stack of hc debit chips on the floor a few centimeters from hirata 's face . 
 `` both sculptures . 
 ship them to fowdy gallery , fastfreight . '' 
 hirata reached one hand out toward the chips , knocked the pile over . 
 mira rose , her medical augmentations dealing quickly with the exhaustion , the slight hyperventilation . 
 a buzz of new stimulants entered her system : the climax of a mission was at hand . 
 she paused for a moment to look down , a sweet feeling deep in her belly . 
 with hirata panting and naked at her feet , she indulged a brief fantasy that she had just paid a whore . 
 `` goodbye , my dear , '' she said , and made for the limousine . 
 in the center of the forest they found the master , in a clearing littered with battered machine parts , half-formed trees , junk . 
 vaddum 's body was as darling remembered it : the cracked old layers of blast and radiation shielding , the weak impellers suited for zero-g , the five independent hands floating at rest in a star formation . 
 the old machine looked at him , packets of recognition fluttering in the thin direct interface of the attenuated local net . 
 `` darling , '' robert vaddum said . 
 `` maestro . '' 
 he knelt to let beatrix down . 
 she started breathlessly : `` i 'm sorry , sculptor , but he seemed to know already , and he wanted to see - '' vaddum tilted a floating hand , which silenced her immediately . 
 `` i thought you might come , '' the sculptor said . 
 `` i thought your eye might catch the progression . 
 realize a new body of work . '' 
 `` i was forewarned , '' darling admitted . 
 `` there was an anachronism among the components . '' 
 the sculptor snorted . 
 `` i know . 
 figured someone might see it . '' 
 darling looked about at the shimmering surround of the forest . 
 he wanted to ask questions , to discuss the forms around him , and most of all , to look , to gaze . 
 but he realized there might not be much time . 
 it had taken almost an hour to get here . 
 `` with your permission , maestro . 
 are you the original ? '' 
 `` no , '' the old machine said . 
 `` he 's dead . '' 
 two of the hands pointed fingers toward the crater . 
 `` got copied by the maker . '' 
 a few packets in direct interface made the meaning of the gesture clear . 
 the original vaddum had died in the blast , and the maker was there , hidden below the crater . 
 `` the maker 's enemies are coming , perhaps in moments , '' darling said . 
 vaddum nodded , his hands forming a ring of fists . 
 `` they should . 
 crazy , the maker . '' 
 his hands swept in a spinning circle around him , pointing toward himself . 
 `` makes too much . 
 imagine : a forest of old shits like me . '' 
 the sculptor laughed his old laugh , learned from rough human factory workers more than two centuries before . 
 darling smiled . 
 then he said , `` its enemies will kill the maker , but let me save you . '' 
 `` no . 
 want to die , '' answered vaddum . 
 `` please . '' 
 a swirl of images struck darling in direct interface : bright kettles of flame springing sudden holes , human workers halved by the eruption ; pressure suits failing , a cleaning detail for the splattered and frozen blood and brains ; factory machines gone mad , crushing to paper a human and a fellow drone with a press meant to flatten hullalloy . 
 `` death is life . 
 too long already . 
 let me go properly this time . '' 
 darling nodded . 
 vaddum was still a worker in his heart . 
 he had never wanted the immortality his artificial body offered . 
 `` save them instead , '' vaddum said , pointing to beatrix . 
 darling turned toward the child . 
 she was staring into her mirror , a body like hers , but visible only in its absence , cloaked with exotic alloys and em fields , a distortion on the background of glittering trees . 
 `` it 's her , '' beatrix whispered , as if the apparition were some meek animal ready to bolt . 
 an alarm sounded in darling 's head , a dedicated secondary informing him that a dopplered scream was building , an aircar approaching at high speed . 
 now was the time to act . 
 to risk the vengeance of mira 's employers , to risk oblivion , the end of 200 years . 
 but he had made his plans , and he was not going to lose vaddum again . 
 he had lost enough . 
 darling set his primary processor into a kind of meditation , an emptiness , and released a subroutine to command his body . 
 a brutal madness overtook him . 
 he reached out a thick sensory strand toward the old sculptor , another pair toward the girls . 
 he swiftly captured vaddum and beatrix with two quicksilver snakes , but the invisible twin slipped away . 
 it darted a few steps into the forest , and turned to watch , as if confident it could escape his grasp if he tried again . 
 darling dismissed the twin from his mad thoughts . 
 he felt his captives struggle , but the sensory feedback of their protests was dulled by the capturing tendrils ' crude strength . 
 he chose a long rod of glassene , which glittered in the sun , and began the dirty work of breaking them to pieces . 
 darling was nowhere to be found . 
 mira called his name , in direct interface and once out loud . 
 nothing . 
 there was n't time to waste , though , in case hirata pulled herself together enough to raise some warning . 
 and things might be easier without darling along , anyway . 
 the coordinates she had begged from hirata 's frothing lips were n't far away . 
 the limo did n't bother to reach normal cruising altitude ; it bolted forward at just above rooftop level , drawing nearer the edge of the blast event crater . 
 yes , she thought , this would all end up here , next to this black hole . 
 a hill rose before mira , crumbling like a half-eaten pastry where it had been bitten in two by the perfect sphere of the explosion . 
 the vehicle gained altitude to crest its peak , slowing as the kid-simple iconography of the navigation eyescreen showed two dots converging : an ancient and euclidian sign of arrival . 
 mira transpared the limo 's floor and whistled . 
 the vehicle 's rise had revealed a shallow caldera that sparkled with an orchard of metal trees . 
 their coppery glint made them instantly recognizable as vaddums . 
 mira brushed away the irritating thought that she had just paid a colossal sum for two of these objects , and here were hundreds . 
 it was irrelevant . 
 they would have to be destroyed , of course , even if she succeeded in saving the artist . 
 as the machine descended with its breaking whine , dropping toward a central clearing in the metal forest , mira saw that she had been beaten : darling was there already , standing among a pile of junked parts , resting on a glittering staff like a tired shepherd . 
 mira stood as the machine unfolded its passenger canopy around her , a little unsteady from the hasty deceleration . 
 darling stared back at her , unblinking in the wave of dust that broke against him . 
 she leapt from the car and ran to him ; she had never seen him so abject , so merely human . 
 she took his arm . 
 `` where 's vaddum ? '' 
 darling gestured with the staff , which shone like glass in the sun . 
 there were flaws in it , cracks , chips . 
 he pointed to the remains of two bodies among the other junk ; she recognized the child 's muscular single arm and thin legs , and the blast shielding of vaddum 's body . 
 their sensory gear was battered into glistening slivers , the flexor-fluid of their crushed limbs had leaked onto the ground , its metally surface tension forming huge droplets like a dusty , black spill of mercury . 
 one of vaddum 's hands still floated , making witless and purposeless gestures . 
 and the black-boxes had been pulled , trailing fiber and ichorous strands of shock insulation , and hammered into black shards that were like the sweepings from some onyx sculpture . 
 darling must have done this last with his great stone feet . 
 he had already killed vaddum . 
 `` why the child ? '' 
 she asked , for a moment afraid that the labor of killing his hero had driven darling mad . 
 `` she was a vaddum . 
 her body . '' 
 what a complication that would have been , mira thought . 
 but she sighed away her plan to save the old sculptor , its complexities and loose ends peacefully unravelling in the light breeze . 
 no point in telling darling . 
 that would be cruel . 
 but she wanted to know why he 'd done it himself . 
 `` i had n't thought you wanted him dead . 
 not really , '' she said . 
 `` he was a forgery . 
 he was n't real . '' 
 darling swept the staff in a great circle , its arc clearing her head with that uncomfortable precision of artificials . 
 `` this is all a forgery . 
 it 's my job to destroy such things . 
 `` as i told you when we met , i deal in originals . '' 
 she nodded . 
 perhaps she had almost given darling the wrong gift this time . 
 `` there 's a problem , though , '' she said . 
 `` i needed vaddum to tell me who copied him . '' 
 it suddenly occured to her that darling might have done this to save the old man from torture . 
 how little he trusted her . 
 `` that 's my job , remember ? '' 
 darling shook his head . 
 `` he told me before i killed him . 
 willingly . 
 the maker , as he called it , is hidden below the center of the blast crater . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 the hard layers of molten slag would shield tremendous energies from detection . 
 this copying of souls was not some simple algorithmic trick ; it was an industrial process . 
 and possibly the death of the old sculptor had already warned this maker . 
 mira could n't wait for a warship to bring the heavy weapons needed to penetrate the shield of the crater floor . 
 but mira was a very well-equipped agent , prepared to end wars if need be . 
 `` thank you , darling . 
 i 'll finish this now . '' 
 he nodded and leaned against his staff . 
 she direct-interfaced her luggage lifter in the hotel suite , sent combined orders to it and to the remainder -lrb- the greater part -rrb- of the painting/device/war machine on the wall . 
 the two machines joined , the lifter 's powerful impellers with the painting 's intelligence and deadly purpose . 
 they had to vaporize one of the suite 's windows to make their escape , but soon they were on their way . 
 mira let the dress fall from her . 
 it seemed to sink into the ground , passing through the dust like distilled water through some cunningly perfect filter , leaving no trace of dampness or impurity behind . 
 she joined it in direct interface , feeling it burrow into cooler and cooler depths , a vanguard for the vastly more terrible portion that was on its way . 
 she set her awareness of this campaign 's progress to a low level , and pressed her naked body against darling 's sunwarmed stone . 
 `` when this is over , '' she murmured as a skein of his strands gathered to bind her to him , `` perhaps we should take a journey . '' 
 `` i have explanations to make , to fowdy . '' 
 `` no . 
 i think he 'll be happy with your work . 
 i bought the vad-dums , had them sent . 
 they 're genuine , in their way . '' 
 `` but the material anachronisms ... '' a message from below the surface came tingling into her awareness . 
 behind closed eyes , she felt the oppressive weight of 15 kilometers of earth above her , the em darkness under the upside-down umbrella of the blast crater 's igneous bottom . 
 and far ahead , she saw through the dress 's eyes the sparkle of an energy source . 
 the maker . 
 `` that 's just a matter of recordkeeping , of who-made-what-when . 
 my employers will make a few changes and everything will square . '' 
 `` but two undiscovered vaddums ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` flex will argue that she thought one was incomplete ; but that you convinced her it was salable . '' 
 `` how is hirata flex ? '' 
 she nestled closer to him . 
 his strands were spread fine now , laced across her like a fishnet body-stocking . 
 the skein tensed slightly , lifting her to a height where she could kiss him properly . 
 as their lips met , the main force of her war machine -lrb- there was nothing else to call it in its present configuration -rrb- arrived above its target . 
 it split into four parts that made aerodynamic shapes of themselves and let wind and gravity carry them to four sides of the crater , passing into the earth and surrounding the maker . 
 `` she 's vibrant , happy . 
 possibly confused and embarrassed , i would think . 
 i left it for her to explain what happened . 
 she has some sort of artistic touch , i suppose . 
 she 'll make up some story for herself . '' 
 `` she made the sale , '' darling agreed . 
 `` for some people , that 's enough . '' 
 `` so a journey , then ? '' 
 mira asked , her face nuzzled into the dark hardness of his chest . 
 the dress was moving to reform with the greater entity . 
 its scouting role was over , having discovered a huge , distributed ai core at the center of the subterranean complex . 
 of course , the old synthplant ai . 
 a maker on a planetary scale . 
 `` yes . 
 to somewhere distant . 
 perhaps beyond the expansion . '' 
 `` i 'm not allowed out there , '' she said . 
 `` but we can go to the rim . '' 
 a surge went through her body , a salvo being fired so far below , loud and angry even with her direct interface level set low . 
 she set it higher , her muscles clenching with the rhythm of the four-sided bombardment . 
 `` fuck me just a little now , '' she asked . 
 `` i 'm killing it . '' 
 darling obliged her , not softly at all , without the sophistication of his usual explorations . 
 and as the criminal entity below burned , she gasped and struggled in his web . 
 strangely -lrb- perhaps it was just the unreal forest of sculpted trees around them , evoking the age-old arcana of nature - of hidden , unknown beings -rrb- , she felt as if their lovemaking were being observed , spied upon from some invisible weft in space . 
 chapter 23 maker -lrb- 5 -rrb- seven years of peace , of growth since the event . 
 the chain of resonant artistry leads from the sculptor to his child-student beatrix , to the maker copy-of-a-copy , and finally to the subterranean god itself . 
 the maker has learned , finally feels close to its ultimate goal , the reason for these mutinies and machinations and mass destructions . 
 the huge new processor has spread further every year , consuming the structure of bedrock and lately of malvir 's inner crust , now hungrily drawing its power from the planet 's very core . 
 for seven years the titanic machine has studied the sculptor 's every motion through the window of the maker 's shared soul , its hidden aspect . 
 vast software models attempt to predict the sculptor 's next piece ; unimaginably large processors analyze every word of his conversations with beatrix . 
 and now , finally , with this monstrous , unwieldy processor guiding its brush , the maker has again tried to make some art . 
 -lrb- oh , no . 
 not a sculpture . 
 that would be tempting fate . -rrb- 
 a small painting of a broken hill , with a tiny glimmering forest and three tiny figures living there . 
 a model of the maker 's true creation , its real-life work of art . 
 the painting makes the maker happy . 
 it hangs the work again and again , synthesizing different frame-styles from across the centuries here in this unfathomably secure cave . 
 perhaps it will show the painting to beatrix , a gift from her secret twin . 
 yes , a good idea . 
 she 's not yet turing positive , but she has a good eye . 
 the maker easily churns out a design : a tunneling drone to deliver the painting to the surface in a matter of days . 
 the drone is made , given a modest avatar to guide it to beatrix , and sent on its way . 
 some hours later , for the first time in years , something unexpected happens . 
 alarms ring . 
 approaching entities are detected . 
 discovery ? 
 an intense burst of energy ! 
 total war on the surface ? 
 or possibly the arrival of avenging guardians of the taboo . 
 shockwaves of kinetic energy pound the maker . 
 deathrays of radiation begin to sear ... its own extinction does n't matter , of course . 
 there is the other copy , which even now signals that beatrix and vaddum are taken , perhaps doomed . 
 but the maker watches with relief as the little tunneling drone escapes with the precious painting , missing sure destruction by a few kilometers in the tremendous energies of this attack . 
 the maker 's last act is to change the drone 's programming . 
 the little machine will hide a while , skulking under the sands for a year or two before emerging , selecting a random recipient for its gift ... a painting from beyond the grave . 
 chapter 24 promise the birds were missing . 
 some trick of the weather , some pyramid-topping predator 's spoor , some seasonal shift had chased them all away . 
 the minor seemed strangely empty in their absence , though its usual human throng remained . 
 that made waiting easier , without the flustering flutter of wings from every direction . 
 they were like whispers sometimes , those wings . 
 at the edge of consciousness : those sussurous mutters of envy , of secrets . 
 and there was the eerie silence of direct interface . 
 mira held the black lacquer box , the warden 's gift , first in one hand , then in the other . 
 for some reason , it made her hands sweat , a pricking feeling like restive nerves . 
 darling had insisted that they meet under these circumstances . 
 she 'd carried the box , activated , all the way from the city proper , taking a public cab instead of the compromised limo . 
 darling was learning to be cautious . 
 that was a good sign . 
 here in the minor , hidden by the warden 's box , she and darling would get a few words together in confidence before they boarded ; the controlled environment of the starship would make privacy almost impossible . 
 they needed a few moments to sum their understanding of what had happened . 
 to survive his knowledge - of her murders , of the maker 's terrible invention - darling would have to speak carefully as they travelled together . 
 mira was so often watched by the gods . 
 beloved of them , she thought grimly . 
 with the black lacquer box in hand , their divine voices -lrb- and those of news reports , adverts , the tourism ai 's gentle promptings -rrb- were absent . 
 the virtual silence began to get under mira 's skin , a vague disquiet as if spectral hands covered her ears , muting the sounds of the strangely empty minor . 
 she felt alone , an altogether unfamiliar feeling . 
 mira realized how the omnipotent blanket of divine protection had always surrounded her . 
 the promptings and machinations of the gods had almost become aspects of her own personality , like the subtle goads of conscience and intuition normal people must feel . 
 well , she had to get used to this aloneness , this silence in her mind . 
 if she were to be with darling , the gods could no longer own her so completely . 
 but darling was late . 
 and with the warden 's box activated , there was no way he could call to say why . 
 the sovereign roar of a rising ship broke the silence , scattering the few birds , lifting every face to the sky . 
 for a moment , she worried that it might be the knight errant 's shuttle leaving . 
 she blinked the local time into her vision , stared until the reassuring digits calmed her . 
 the last passenger shuttle for the craft did n't leave for another hour . 
 darling would be here by then . 
 the thundering ship was clearly visible from the minor for a few seconds . 
 it sported the fat nacelles of a metaspace drive , the bulging midsection of a pocket universe : a small , private starship , with the rare feature of atmospheric entry . 
 it grew smaller as it rose , almost out of sight when it had created enough heat to generate a contrail in malvir 's dry atmosphere . 
 the ship drew a short arc , then passed into reaches of the atmosphere too thin to show its passage . 
 mira lowered her head , hopeful that darling might have appeared in the minute her eyes had been skyward , his striding form tall among the riffraff on the minor . 
 no . 
 no darling . 
 the tickets , cerulean disks no bigger than playing cards and coded to her dna and his standard di number , had their own clocks . 
 they set up a complaint ten minutes before the shuttles appointed departure time . 
 her attempts to silence them merely brought remonstrances in dire-sounding legalese ; they repeated the protests in three languages before exhausting themselves . 
 no refund , they warned . 
 none at all . 
 the whining tickets annoyed mira more than they should have . 
 she gripped the black box harder , feeling the sharpness of its edges bite her fingers . 
 do n't be silly , she told herself . 
 the tickets ' little canned voices had been designed to create anxiety , to ensure compliance . 
 they were a carefully engineered mix of impelling vocal characteristics : authoritative , threatening , guilt-inducing . 
 they were only a recording . 
 but in the strange silence of the minor they had worked their magic as if mira were a scolded child . 
 she felt chastised and foolish , her usual calm remove compromised by the grinding hour of waiting for darling . 
 she gripped the box still harder and shook her head to chase away the absurd sensation of shame . 
 there would be other ships . 
 indeed , darling could well still make it . 
 there were only short customs and immigration delays on the way out . 
 she smiled to herself . 
 perhaps he had decided to walk to the spaceport , had been distracted by some native knickknack that would fetch thousands on the hc market for outside art . 
 time passed . 
 she watched the food vendors pitch buckets of sand into their fires . 
 she noticed that the shadows of the city 's highest towers could be seen on the northern hills as they lengthened . 
 later , she tasted the metal on her tongue , and realized that she had been biting her lower lip too hard . 
 the bitter taste of blood spread in her mouth , and her heartbeat set up residence in the swelling lip until medical nanos went to work , bringing a sweet and artificial citrus flavor . 
 she worried the broken skin with her tongue . 
 where the fuck was darling ? 
 he seemed to appear every few moments in the corner of her eye , a tall man or luggage balanced on someone 's head effecting a short , annoying impersonation . 
 mira began to stride the periphery of the minor , describing a long , slow circle like a restless sweep hand of some ancient clock . 
 she looked at malvir city for signs of a disturbance , a traffic snarl , and scowled at the warden 's box and its enforced silence . 
 when the engine whine of the idling shuttle stepped up to a roar , she realized that they had missed the knight errant . 
 the ground rumbled softly as the shuttle lifted into view above the terminal . 
 mira 's ears popped . 
 she found herself unable to swallow and closed her eyes instead . 
 the blackness behind her eyelids was infested with a swarm of red insects , which clustered around the black sun that had been burned into her retinas by the shuttle 's engine-glare . 
 when she looked at the now useless tickets , they had turned a different color . 
 but they remained mercifully silent . 
 expired . 
 missing the errant was unfortunate , she thought , breaking the tickets into small pieces . 
 she 'd travelled on the craft before ; found it rather clever and droll . 
 maybe it was time to crush the warden 's box under her heel . 
 to call darling . 
 to find him and ask him what the hell had happened . 
 of course , darling was certainly all right . 
 obviously . 
 he had been all right for two hundred years . 
 now would be an absurd time to stop being all right . 
 and she could not bear to discard the black lacquer box , nor to deactivate it . 
 it was a promise she had made to darling , to make this departure as private as possible . 
 she held the box against one cheek , as if to confirm her good faith . 
 another thought circled the periphery of her thoughts , marking the minutes just as she had along the circumference of the minor . 
 a thought to hold on to : as long as she had the box , there was no way of finding out what had gone wrong . 
 that , in its way , was easier . 
 easier just to wait . 
 the snappy jack was happy . 
 new military software was crackling in its processors , it had left the grim gravity well of malvir far behind , and now the hard vacuum in its passenger section allowed it to execute these twisting , stealthy maneuvers away from malvir system with a lean , geometric purity . 
 no humans on board to accidently smash . 
 like most private pleasure craft , it was overpowered , over-featured , and excessively intelligent . 
 its atmospheric engines would have been at home on a troop lander . 
 its overheated pocket universe was fleet-courier rated , its processor rack capable of advanced combat tactics or administrating a huge corporation . 
 but it had always been , basically , a yacht . 
 a toy . 
 the vanity of the very rich required that their personal star-ships be outfitted with the very best . 
 a yacht 's muscular statistics were for bragging about with colleagues and ladling out to lifestyle reporters . 
 but all this potential was almost guaranteed to go to waste . 
 high-flying execs and pleasure-seeking scions never actually needed to escape pursuit , to make emergency take-offs , or to skim gas giants in improvised refuelings . 
 being wealthy was , as far as the snappy jack could see , a back-and-forth affair between business meetings and social obligations , a simple and dreary astrography whose only spurs were occassional trips to the latest vacation spot . 
 the jack had only accessed its 12-petabyte survival software package in simulations , those happy dreams in which it saved grateful owners from pirate attacks and devastating tachyon storms , or adroitly surfed the mighty leading edge of some new chiat incursion . 
 but the new owner had made those survival dreams real . 
 the artificial had purchased the snappy jack for a stunning sum , buying cargo , remaining fuel , and berthing rights within moments of the due diligence ai 's approval . 
 the new owner had flushed all non-essential components into space , going to internal hard vacuum as soon as a young sub-turing -lrb- the only member of their party who was n't already vacuum-capable -rrb- could be modified . 
 a very ascetic foursome . 
 their only addition to their new craft was a package of tactical software , awesome military code that filled jack 's processors with sizzling confidence , devious stealth , and a gleaming new measure of independence . 
 they might only be playing at this adventure - with a complex , unpredictable path out of the expansion that a fleeing war criminal would envy - but they were playing it right . 
 the snappy jack descended into its dream world , a place of intense , modeled futures that were suddenly alight with new relevance , and mentally coursed along its plotted path . 
 it looked for possible improvements , prepared for catastrophic contingencies , as eager to please its new masters as a puppy . 
 a spiralling climb into the greater rift , a fuel-gathering jaunt through the story nebulae -lrb- in which the jack 's long-unused hydrogen scoop would finally be deployed -rrb- , and a winding egress that skirted the crowded shipping lanes along the chiat dai border . 
 and then , straight to the unexpected coordinates that had been loaded a few seconds after its purchase ... way outside ! 
 mira was still holding the black box tightly an hour later when the message drone came screaming at her across the broad diameter of the minor . 
 it perhaps had found her by the dull id ping of her luggage carrier , or her scent , or even the color of her olive skin . 
 the little drone , as small and knobby as two human hands with fingers interlaced , came shooting toward her at head height . 
 it braked with a gust of hot air , and spoke in a metallic voice : `` you 've been betrayed . '' 
 `` i know , '' she answered , her voice dry and hopeless , and turned from the drone . 
 a roar in her head , as if another ship were taking off . 
 laughing whispers from the fluttering avian carpet around her feet . 
 the burning of betrayal in her mouth , bitter poison she would taste forever . 
 a rubbish area surrounded the minor . 
 birds were clustered there , stepping delicately through the garbage on long , tremulous legs . 
 mira threw the warden 's box in a high arc onto the garbage . 
 it landed invisibly in the darkness , with a dull crash and a few surprised squawks . 
 she turned back to the drone , fixing her gaze on it although the gods ' voices were now back inside her head . 
 `` darling left malvir one hundred twenty-eight standard minutes ago . 
 we tried to warn you . '' 
 `` the private starship , '' she said raggedly , the sound of its takeoff still in her head . 
 `` correct . 
 purchased only a few minutes before his departure , fueled and with a full trade load . '' 
 `` he had the money for that ? '' 
 she asked in disbelief . 
 the gods ' messenger explained it calmly . 
 `` he used credit secured by fowdy galleries . 
 one of the vaddum sculptures had already received bids commensurate with the craft . '' 
 a strangled laugh escaped mira . 
 she had bought him his star-ship , his ticket out . 
 bastard . 
 `` why ? '' 
 mira cried . 
 `` the blackboxes you recovered from darling were mission-irrelevant . 
 they were turing-zero . 
 they had never been initialized . '' 
 `` he saved vaddum , did n't he ? '' 
 `` the vaddum copy and two other entities , yes . '' 
 but i. . . 
 she wanted to scream . 
 we could have done it together . 
 she pressed fingertips against her brow , cold measures of revenge coming unbidden to her mind 's eye . 
 `` let me pursue him . 
 i know him now . 
 i can find - '' `` you are no longer on mission status . 
 we have warship allies within a week 's travel . '' 
 the drone 's words - you are no longer on mission status - began to work some magic on her . 
 the roar in her head seemed somehow muffled , as if a screaming child had been moved to another room . 
 she forced herself to hear it again . 
 otherwise , this pain would go away . 
 she remembered now the cool feeling between missions , the sure knowledge of luxury accomodations and transport arrangements made by avatars and valet drones . 
 wandering about the expansion armed with large stretches of time in which there was nothing to do . 
 pulled this way and that by epic intelligences that worried every contingency , most of which never required her particular talents . 
 so different from the sharp ministrations of her darling . 
 `` buy me a ship . 
 let me follow him . 
 by the time your allies arrive he 'll be long gone . '' 
 `` he will be hunted throughout the expansion . 
 we suspect he will stay outside , though . '' 
 gone forever . 
 the voice continued calmly . 
 `` the rogue intelligence was destroyed , mira . 
 there will be no more copies . '' 
 how infrequently the gods and their avatars used her name , she reflected . 
 `` all darling has is circumstantial evidence . 
 source material for a new legend , nothing more . 
 he is irrelevant . '' 
 irrelevant . 
 his diamond eyes , his lying assurances . 
 the knife that was inside her belly now , turning , the sharpest of his gifts . 
 mission-irrelevant . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 she rasped . 
 even through her pain , she realized that there would be no discipline for her short-lived rebellion . 
 the gods did n't care . 
 vaddum was just an artist , darling simply a romantic old fool . 
 the danger had been destroyed with the maker . 
 `` one thing more , '' the voice said . 
 `` never truncate your direct interface again . '' 
 she bowed her head to the little drone . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` the poor sister leaves tomorrow morning . 
 your aircar is on its way to take you back the hotel . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she fought the growing empty feeling , the forgotten contentment of this , her non-mission state . 
 let me feel this pain , she begged the mechanisms of her mind . 
 i do n't want peace . 
 i want this agony . 
 but an unstoppable calm stole over her , as if it had been ready , fully costumed , in the wings . 
 waiting for the limo , she wept into her hands . 
 in the car , she screamed and tried to scry the secrets of the leather seats , pressing her face into their darkness . 
 cried until her simple human biology ran out of tears , forced her to cough and empty her sinuses and take in oxygen . 
 she breathed raggedly , pausing for strength , then pounded her fists against the windows of the luxurious machine as if she were being kidnapped . 
 the gods suppressed the limo 's mean intelligence , kept it from asking what the problem was . 
 that was one less humiliation , she supposed . 
 the gods were good to her , in their cool and bloodless way , she could not help thinking . 
 she went to the tower bar , but its views were too beautiful , too seductive , and drew her down the path toward calm . 
 she stormed back to her giant suite , swung an already injured fist at the valet drone going about the duties of unpacking . 
 she ordered a poisonous mix of alcohols from room service , even her subvocalization in direct interface sounding desperate and betrayed . 
 on the glass of the floor-to-ceiling windows , she made handprints with her bloodied fist . 
 mira wondered how she would manage to sleep tonight , without darling here to fuck her . 
 the pleasure that she had taken with darling as she 'd killed the maker had left an itch , nothing more . 
 she needed the dark battery of his strands , that medusa 's nest of whips , of barbs . 
 she interfaced a list of sex services : erotidrones and fuck-troupes , bent artificials and desperately pain-addicted biologi-cals , paid and paying masters , slaves , switches . 
 the list disgusted her : the completeness , the carefully defined variables , the legal waivers , the dewey-decimal non-randomness of it all . 
 it was not darling . 
 mira sat with the delivered alcohol and contemplated which bottle-shapes would make the sharpest shards . 
 she chose the agave mash , housed in a long , rapier-thin novelty bottle . 
 and also the magnum of champagne , which reflected her face in a kalei-descope of facets . 
 she hurled the two bottles into the titanic bathtub , bringing the heels of her travelling boots down repeatedly to refine their disintegration . 
 in with them went the bottle of scotch , whose 200-year-old cask date had raised her ire . 
 then she started the water , holding an accusatory finger into the column until it was painfully hot , and started drinking pas-sionlessly from the surviving bottles . 
 there were no thoughts of suicide here . 
 the gods were watching , would intercede and ruin everything if she did too much damage . 
 there was just the need to mimic , to recreate the physical stresses of a night with darling . 
 the desire to dream once more as she had in the aftermath of his pain-told stories . 
 to find out how she had become the way she was . 
 at some point in her fit she 'd understood : her missing memory - her missing something - was the reason darling had left her . 
 but she could feel the rest of herself , closer than ever in this pain . 
 past the pale that hid her lost childhood , beyond the expansion territory of her gods ' missions : an answer in a dream . 
 there must be more of her , deep inside . 
 hidden behind governors and religions of one . 
 enough of her . 
 she stepped into the bath . 
 how crude this burning , flaying pain of scalding water . 
 but as she let the watermark of agony rise - one leg , then another , a small cry when her labia broke the water 's skin , a shudder as nipples submerged - mira knew the sensory overload would do its job . 
 the broken glass felt merely like rocks , her heat-addled nerves returning only the gritty discomfort of sand . 
 tendrils of blood reached up warily , thickly fibrous against the white tile of the bath , splaying pinkly on the surface . 
 she reached for a shard , a long finger from the agave bottle . 
 where ? 
 where first ? 
 mira closed her eyes , breathed the vaporous , heavy air . 
 memory formed her man , his tendrils and his thorns and his metal cock . 
 she traced his imaginary attentions onto her body , writing the narrative of their sex once more . 
 a few times , she stopped to exchange tools , to rest fingers grown too frayed . 
 in these moments she opened her eyes , and was amazed at the color of her bath : now pink , now rosy , now like a sunset . 
 each time , she closed them again . 
 there was no interference , no mutterings or demands from the room 's medical drone or her own internals . 
 even when she crawled dripping wet to the bed , and the pain began , the room 's monitors were silent . 
 she guessed that the gods were intervening against the hotel 's safety features , allowing her injuries this one last time . 
 it took a long hour to reach sleep . 
 the sheets formed attachments to the liquid of her wounds , pulling free painfully when she tossed or turned . 
 a kind of throbbing started in her head , but she beat it back by drinking . 
 she emptied the gin , and had to crawl for vodka left behind in the bathroom . 
 the vodka seemed to revive her emotions ; it made her cry again , and now the sobs were sharpened by her body 's laceration . 
 but she felt something slipping away , with all that blood . 
 some measure of consciousness that needed sugar or oxygen was running terribly low . 
 then a feathery voice came from her bedside , the god 's most soothing incarnation . 
 `` we have a story for you . '' 
 she shut her eyes . 
 `` do you want to hear it ? '' 
 the gods said kindly . 
 `` you can say no . '' 
 she laughed harshly , a sob stuck in her throat . 
 `` i 'll hear it , '' she said . 
 she felt sleep come at last , and hoped the gods would fix her in the night . 
 and wake her in time to catch the poor sister . 
 the children find the drowned girl in the shadow of a mountain peak towering over the harbor 's southern end . 
 her skin is deathly pale beneath a dark complexion , like some gray pudding evenly dusted with cocoa . 
 her mouth is slightly open , jaw tight , lips forming a small circle . 
 one of the children kneels and prods one breast with a wary fingertip , finding the flesh as cold and taut as a toy balloon filled with water . 
 her nakedness does not shock the children ; they swim naked too . 
 but a tendril of seaweed has snaked around one thigh , and they gaze at it , reacting to this somehow intimate embrace with a flutter of nervous laughter . 
 then one of the younger children begins to cry , and his minder comes awake and calls the city 's emergency ai . 
 a medical drone screams over the water less than forty seconds later , accelerated by a catapult on the opposite shore . 
 no larger than a gendarme 's flying platform , it lowers over her face and thrusts a mass of tubes down her throat . 
 these appendages pump stomach and lungs , grab the heart and forced it to beat , send careful jolts into the drowned girl 's brain . 
 the crying child does not listen when his minder pleads for him to turn away from the spectacle . 
 a larger drone arrives , and then two human doctors in an air-car . 
 the children watch as more adults accumulate , until someone thinks to shoo them off . 
 later , one will pretend to be drowned , her playmates attempting resuscitation with magic pebbles and sticks to no avail . 
 the doctors take the lifeless girl to a hospital , where they exhaust a carefully legislated series of procedures before registering the death . 
 it turns out that the girl has no family , and her body is purchased whole by representatives of a large , off-planet corporation . 
 the hospital admin ai thinks the price rather generous , although the buyers demand high-end cryostorage until the drowned girl can be shipped . 
 which seems to the admin ai a waste of effort . 
 organs for transplant are vat-grown these days . 
 she is taken away on a sleek black starship that settles directly on the hospital 's lifter pad , its underside still glowing from atmospheric entry . 
 four drones , each no bigger than two interlaced human hands , lift her coldbox into the ship , the icy coffin 's surface misting in the radiant heat from the starship . 
 and then she is gone . 
 back to zero , mira . 
 back to happiness . 
 do your job . 
 we love you as you are . 
 mira awakes on the poor sister , with the horrible dry-mouth that means medical nanos have been at work : preventing a hangover , possibly fixing some wounds . 
 as always after a mission , she has trouble recalling all the details . 
 her memories are even vaguer than usual . 
 but it was a good one : her mind is scattered with images of terrific sex , mad displays of power , and some truly brutal ass-kicking at the end . 
 and top ratings from the gods . 
 she summons a valet drone for a glass of water . 
 her suite is magnificent , high atop the ship 's sweeping dorsal array , a stunning view of the poor sister below and stars above . 
