 chapter 1 log entry : sol 6 i 'm pretty much fucked . 
 that 's my considered opinion . 
 fucked . 
 six days in to what should be a greatest two months of my life , and it 's turned in to a nightmare . 
 i do n't even know who 'll read this . 
 i guess someone will find it eventually . 
 maybe a hundred years from now . 
 for the record ... i did n't die on sol 6 . 
 certainly the rest of the crew thought i did , and i ca n't blame them . 
 maybe there 'll be a day of national mourning for me , and my wikipedia page will say `` mark watney is the only human being to have died on mars . '' 
 and it 'll be right , probably . 
 cause i 'll surely die here . 
 just not on sol 6 when everyone thinks i did . 
 let 's see ... where do i begin ? 
 the ares program . 
 mankind reaching out to mars to send people to another planet for the very first time and expand the horizons of humanity blah , blah , blah . 
 the ares 1 crew did their thing and came back heroes . 
 they got the parades and fame and love of the world . 
 ares 2 did the same thing , in a different location on mars . 
 they got a firm handshake and a hot cup of coffee when they got home . 
 ares 3 . 
 well . 
 that was my mission . 
 well , not mine per se . 
 commander lewis was in charge . 
 i was just one of her crew . 
 actually , i was the very lowest ranked member of the crew . 
 i would only be `` in command '' of the mission if i were the only remaining person . 
 what do you know ? 
 i 'm in command . 
 i wonder if this log will be recovered before the rest of the crew die of old age ? 
 i presume they got back to earth all right . 
 well , guys , if you 're reading this : it was n't your fault . 
 you did what you had to do . 
 in your position i would have done the same thing . 
 i do n't blame you , and i 'm glad you survived . 
 i guess i should explain how mars missions work , for any layman who may be reading this . 
 we got to earth orbit the normal way , through an ordinary ship to hermes . 
 all the ares missions use hermes to get to and from mars . 
 it 's really big and cost a lot so nasa only built one . 
 once we got to hermes , four additional unmanned missions brought us fuel and supplies while we prepared for our trip . 
 once everything was a go , we set out for mars . 
 but not very fast . 
 gone are the days of heavy chemical fuel burns and trans-mars injection orbits . 
 hermes is powered by ion engines . 
 they throw argon out the back of the ship really fast to get a tiny amount of acceleration . 
 the thing is , it does n't take much reactant mass , so a little argon -lrb- and a nuclear reactor to power things -rrb- let us accelerate constantly the whole way there . 
 you 'd be amazed at how fast you can get going with a tiny acceleration over a long time . 
 i could regale you with tales of how we had great fun on the trip , but i wo n't . 
 we did have fun , but i do n't feel like reliving it right now . 
 suffice it to say we got to mars 124 days later without strangling each other . 
 from there , we took the mdv -lrb- mars descent vehicle -rrb- to the surface . 
 the mdv is basically a big can with some light thrusters and parachutes attached . 
 its sole purpose is to get six humans from mars orbit to the surface without killing any of them . 
 and now we come to the real trick of mars exploration : having all our shit there in advance . 
 a total of 14 unmanned missions deposited everything we would need for surface operations . 
 they tried their best to land all the supply vessels in the same general area , and did a reasonably good job . 
 supplies are n't nearly so fragile as humans and can hit the ground really hard . 
 but they tended to bounce around a lot . 
 naturally , they did n't send us to mars until they 'd confirmed all the supplies had made it to the surface and their containers were n't breached . 
 start to finish , including supply missions , a mars mission takes about 3 years . 
 in fact , there were ares 3 supplies en route to mars while the ares 2 crew were on their way home . 
 the most important piece of the advance supplies , of course , was the mav . 
 the `` mars ascent vehicle . '' 
 that was how we would get back to hermes after surface operations were complete . 
 the mav was soft-landed -lrb- as opposed to the balloon bounce-fest the other supplies had -rrb- . 
 of course , it was in constant communication with houston , and if there were any problems with it , we would pass by mars and go back to earth without ever landing . 
 the mav is pretty cool . 
 turns out , through a neat set of chemical reactions with the martian atmosphere , for every kilogram of hydrogen you bring to mars , you can make 13 kilograms of fuel . 
 it 's a slow process , though . 
 it takes 24 months to fill the tank . 
 that 's why they sent it long before we got here . 
 you can imagine how disappointed i was when i discovered the mav was gone . 
 it was a ridiculous sequence of events that led to me almost dying . 
 then an even more ridiculous sequence that led to me surviving . 
 the mission is designed to handle sandstorm gusts up to 150 km/hr . 
 so houston got understandably nervous when we got whacked with 175 km/hr winds . 
 we all got in our suits and huddled in the middle of the hab , just in case it lost pressure . 
 but the hab was n't the problem . 
 the mav is a spaceship . 
 it has a lot of delicate parts . 
 it can put up with storms to a certain extent but it ca n't just get sandblasted forever . 
 after an hour and a half of sustained wind , nasa gave the order to abort . 
 nobody wanted to stop a month-long mission after only six days but if the mav took any more punishment we 'd all get stranded down here . 
 we had to go out in the storm to get from the hab to the mav . 
 that was going to be risky , but what choice did we have ? 
 everyone made it but me . 
 our main communications dish , which relayed signals from the hab to hermes , acted like a parachute , getting torn from its foundation and carried with the torrent . 
 along the way , it crashed through the reception antenna array . 
 then one of those long thin antennae slammed in to me end first . 
 it tore through my suit like a bullet through butter and i felt the worst pain of my life as it ripped open my side . 
 i vaguely remember suddenly having the wind knocked out of me -lrb- pulled out of me , really -rrb- and my ears popping painfully as the pressure of my suit escaped . 
 the last thing i remember was seeing johanssen hopelessly reaching out toward me . 
 i awoke to the oxygen alarm in my suit . 
 a steady , obnoxious beeping that eventually roused me from a deep and profound desire to just fucking die . 
 the storm had abated ; i was face down , almost totally buried in sand . 
 as i groggily came to , i wondered why i was n't more dead . 
 the antenna had enough force to punch through the suit and my side , but then it got stopped by my pelvis . 
 so there was only one hole in the suit -lrb- and a hole in me , of course -rrb- . 
 i had been knocked back quite a ways and rolled down a steep hill . 
 somehow i landed face down , which forced the antenna to a strongly oblique angle that put a lot of torque on the hole in the suit . 
 it made a weak seal . 
 then , the copious blood from my wound trickled down toward the hole . 
 as the blood reached the site of the breach , the water in it quickly evaporated from the airflow and low pressure , leaving only a gunky residue behind . 
 more blood came in behind it and was also reduced to gunk . 
 eventually , the blood sealed the gaps around the hole and reduced the leak to something the suit could counteract . 
 the suit did its job admirably . 
 seeing the drop in pressure , it constantly flooded itself with air from my nitrogen tank to equalize . 
 once the leak became manageable , it only had to trickle new air in slowly the relieve the air lost . 
 after a while , the co2 -lrb- carbon dioxide -rrb- absorbers in the suit were expended . 
 that 's really the limiting factor to life support . 
 not the amount of oxygen you bring with you , but the amount of co2 you can remove . 
 in the hab , we had the oxygenator , a large piece of equipment that could break co2 apart and give the oxygen back . 
 but the spacesuits had to be portable , so they used a simple chemical absorption process with expendable filters . 
 i 'd been asleep long enough that my filters were useless . 
 the suit saw this problem and moved in to an emergency mode the engineers call `` bloodletting '' . 
 having no way to separate out the co2 , the suit deliberately vented air to the martian atmosphere , then back-filled with nitrogen . 
 between the breach and the bloodletting , it quickly ran out of nitrogen . 
 all it had left was my oxygen tank . 
 so it did the only thing it could to keep me alive . 
 it started back-filling with pure oxygen . 
 i now risked dying from oxygen toxicity , as the excessively high amount of oxygen threatened to burn up my nervous system , lungs , and eyes . 
 an ironic death for someone with a leaky space suit : too much oxygen . 
 every step of the way would have had beeping alarms , alerts , and warnings . 
 but it was the high-oxygen warning that woke me . 
 the sheer volume of training for a space mission is astounding . 
 i spent a week back on earth practicing emergency space suit drills . 
 i knew what to do . 
 carefully reaching to the side of my helmet , i got the breach kit . 
 it 's nothing more than a funnel with a valve at the small end , and an unbelievably sticky resin on the wide end . 
 the idea is you have the valve open and stick the wide end over a hole . 
 the air can escape through the valve , so it does n't interfere with the resin making a good seal . 
 then you close the valve and you 've sealed the breach . 
 the tricky part was getting the antenna out of the way . 
 i pulled it out as fast as i could , wincing as the sudden pressure drop dizzied me and made the wound in my side scream in agony . 
 i got the breach kit over the hole and sealed it . 
 it held . 
 the suit back-filled the missing air with yet more oxygen . 
 checking my arm readouts , i saw the suit was now at 85 % oxygen . 
 for reference , earth 's atmosphere is about 21 % . 
 i 'd be ok , so long as i did n't spend too much time like that . 
 i stumbled up the hill back toward the hab . 
 as i crested the rise , i saw something that made me very happy and something that made me very sad : the hab was in-tact -lrb- yay ! -rrb- 
 and the mav was gone -lrb- boo ! -rrb- . 
 right that moment i knew i was screwed . 
 but i did n't want to just die out on the surface . 
 i limped back to the hab and fumbled my way in to an airlock . 
 as soon as it equalized , i threw off my helmet . 
 entering the hab , i doffed the suit and got my first good look at the injury . 
 it would need stitches . 
 fortunately , all of us had been trained in basic medical procedures , and the hab had excellent medical supplies . 
 a quick shot of local anesthetic , irrigate the wound , 9 stitches and i was done . 
 i 'd be taking antibiotics for a couple of weeks , but other than that i 'd be fine . 
 i knew it was hopeless , but i tried firing up the communication array . 
 no signal , of course . 
 the primary satellite dish had broken off , remember ? 
 and it took the reception antennae with it . 
 the hab had secondary and tertiary communication systems , but they were both just for talking to the mav , which would use its much more powerful systems to relay to hermes . 
 thing is , that only works if the mav is still around . 
 i had no way to talk to hermes . 
 in time , i could locate the dish out on the surface , but it would take weeks for me to rig up any repairs , and that would be too late . 
 in an abort , hermes would leave orbit within 24 hours . 
 the orbital dynamics made the trip safer and shorter the earlier you left , so why wait for no reason just to make the trip take longer ? 
 checking out my suit , i saw the antenna had plowed through my bio-monitor computer . 
 when on an eva , all the crew 's suits are networked so we can see each others status . 
 the rest of the crew would have seen the pressure in my suit drop to nearly 0 , followed immediately by my bio-signs going flat . 
 add to that i was sent tumbling down a hill with a spear through me in the middle of a sandstorm ... yeah . 
 they thought i was dead . 
 how could they not ? 
 they may have even had a brief discussion about recovering my body , but regulations were clear . 
 in the event a crewman died on mars , he stayed on mars . 
 leaving his body behind reduced weight for the mav on the trip back . 
 that meant more disposable fuel and a larger margin of error for the return thrust . 
 no point in giving that up for sentimentality . 
 so that 's the situation . 
 i 'm stranded on mars . 
 i have no way to communicate with hermes or earth . 
 everyone thinks i 'm dead . 
 i 'm in a hab designed to last 31 days . 
 if the oxygenator breaks down , i 'll suffocate . 
 if the water reclaimer breaks down , i 'll die of thirst . 
 if the hab breaches , i 'll just kind of explode . 
 if none of those things happen , i 'll eventually run out of food and starve to death . 
 so yeah . 
 i 'm fucked . 
 chapter 2 log entry : sol 7 ok , i 've had a good night 's sleep , and things do n't seem as hopeless as they did yesterday . 
 today i took stock of supplies , and did a quick eva to check up on the external equipment . 
 here 's my situation : the surface mission was supposed to be 31 days . 
 for redundancy , the supply probes had enough food to last the whole crew 56 days . 
 that way if one or two probes had problems , we 'd still have enough food to complete the mission . 
 we were six days in when all hell broke loose , so that leaves enough food to feed six people for 50 days . 
 i 'm just one guy , so it 'll last me 300 days . 
 and that 's if i do n't ration it . 
 so i 've got a fair bit of time . 
 the hab stood up to the storm without any problems . 
 outside , things are n't so rosy . 
 i ca n't find the satellite dish ; it probably got blown kilometers away . 
 the mav is gone , of course . 
 my crewmates took it up to hermes . 
 though the bottom half -lrb- the landing stage -rrb- is still there . 
 no reason to take that back up when weight is the enemy . 
 it includes the landing gear , the fuel plant , and anything else nasa figured it would n't need for the trip back up to orbit . 
 the mdv is on its side and there 's a breach in the hull . 
 looks like the storm ripped the cowling off the reserve chute -lrb- which we did n't have to use on landing -rrb- . 
 once the chute was exposed it dragged the mdv all over the place , smashing it against every rock in the area . 
 not that the mdv would be much use to me . 
 its thrusters ca n't even lift its own weight . 
 but it might have been valuable for parts . 
 might still be . 
 both rovers are half-buried in sand , but they 're in good shape otherwise . 
 their pressure seals are in-tact . 
 makes sense . 
 operating procedure if a storm hits is to stop motion and wait for the storm to pass . 
 they 're made to stand up to punishment . 
 i 'll be able to dig them out with a day or so of work . 
 i 've lost communication with the weather stations , placed a kilometer away from the hab in 4 directions . 
 they might be in perfect working order for all i know . 
 the hab 's communications are so weak right now it probably ca n't even reach a kilometer . 
 the solar cell array was covered it in sand , rendering it useless -lrb- hint : solar cells need sunlight to make electricity -rrb- . 
 but once i swept them off , they returned to full efficiency . 
 whatever i end up doing , i 'll have plenty of power for it . 
 200 square meters of solar cells , with hydrogen fuel cells to store plenty of reserve . 
 all i need to do is sweep them off every few days . 
 things indoors are great , thanks to the hab 's sturdy design . 
 i ran a full diagnostic on the oxygenator . 
 twice . 
 it 's perfect . 
 if anything goes wrong with it , there is a short-term spare i can use . 
 but it 's solely for emergency use while repairing the main one . 
 the spare does n't actually pull co2 apart and recapture the oxygen . 
 it just absorbs the co2 the same way the spacesuits do . 
 it 's intended to last 5 days before it saturates the filters , which means 30 days for me -lrb- just one person breathing , instead of six -rrb- . 
 so there 's some insurance there . 
 the water reclaimer is working fine , too . 
 the bad news is there 's no backup . 
 if it stops working , i 'll be drinking reserve water while i rig up a primitive distillery to boil piss . 
 also , i 'll lose half a liter of water per day to breathing until the humidity in the hab reaches its maximum and water starts condensing on every surface . 
 then i 'll be licking the walls . 
 yay . 
 anyway , for now , no problems with the water reclaimer . 
 so yeah . 
 food , water , shelter all taken care of . 
 i 'm going to start rationing food right now . 
 meals are pretty minimal already , but i think i can eat a 3/4 portion per meal and still be all right . 
 that should turn my 300 days of food in to 400 . 
 foraging around the medical area , i found the main bottle of vitamins . 
 there 's enough multivitamins there to last years . 
 so i wo n't have any nutritional problems -lrb- though i 'll still starve to death when i 'm out of food , no matter how many vitamins i take -rrb- . 
 the medical area has morphine for emergencies . 
 and there 's enough there for a lethal dose . 
 i 'm not going to slowly starve to death , i 'll tell you that . 
 if i get to that point , i 'll take an easier way out . 
 everyone on the mission had two specialties . 
 i 'm a botanist and mechanical engineer . 
 basically , i was the mission 's fix-it man who played with plants . 
 the mechanical engineering might save my life if something breaks . 
 i 've been thinking about how to survive this . 
 it 's not completely hopeless . 
 there 'll be humans back on mars in about four years when ares 4 arrives -lrb- assuming they did n't cancel the program in the wake of my `` death '' -rrb- . 
 ares 4 will be landing at the schiaparelli crater , which is about 3,200 km away from my location here in the acidalia planitia . 
 no way for me to get there on my own . 
 but if i could communicate , i might be able to get a rescue . 
 not sure how they 'd manage that with the resources on hand , but nasa has a lot of smart people . 
 so that 's my mission now . 
 find a way to communicate with earth . 
 if i ca n't manage that , find a way to communicate with hermes when it returns in 4 years with the ares 4 crew . 
 of course , i do n't have any plan for surviving 4 years on 1 year of food . 
 but one thing at a time here . 
 for now , i 'm well fed and have a purpose : `` fix the damn radio '' . 
 log entry : sol 10 well , i 've done three evas and have n't found any hint of the communication dish . 
 i dug out one of the rovers and had a good drive around , but after days of wandering i think it 's time to give up . 
 the storm probably blew the dish far away and then erased any drag-marks or scuffs that might have led to a trail . 
 probably buried it , too . 
 i spent most of today out at what 's left of the communication array . 
 it 's really a sorry sight . 
 i may as well yell toward earth for all the good that damned thing will do me . 
 i could throw together a rudimentary dish out of metal i find around the base , but this is n't some walkie-talkie i 'm working with here . 
 communicating from mars to earth is a pretty big deal , and requires extremely specialized equipment . 
 i wo n't be able to whip something up with tinfoil and gum . 
 i need to ration my evas as well as food . 
 the co2 filters are not cleanable . 
 once they 're saturated , they 're done . 
 the mission accounted for a 4-hour eva per crewmember per day . 
 fortunately , co2 filters are light and small so nasa had the luxury of sending more than we needed . 
 all told , i have about 1500 hours worth of co2 filters . 
 after that , any evas i do will have to be managed with bloodletting the air . 
 1500 hours may sound like a lot , but i 'm faced with spending at least 4 years here if i 'm going to have any hope of rescue , with a minimum of several hours per week dedicated to sweeping off the solar array . 
 anyway . 
 no needless evas . 
 in other news , i 'm starting to come up with an idea for food . 
 my botany background may come in useful after all . 
 why bring a botanist to mars ? 
 after all , it 's famous for not having anything growing here . 
 well , the idea was to figure out how well things grow in martian gravity , and see what , if anything , we can do with martian soil . 
 the short answer is : quite a lot ... almost . 
 martian soil has the basic building blocks needed for plant growth , but there 's a lot of stuff going on in earth soil that mars soil does n't have , even when it 's placed in an earth-atmosphere and given plenty of water . 
 bacterial activity , certain nutrients provided by animal life , etc. . 
 none of that is happening on mars . 
 one of my tasks for the mission was to see how plants grow here , in various combinations of earth or mars soil and atmosphere . 
 that 's why i have a small amount of earth soil and a bunch of plant seeds with me . 
 i ca n't get too excited , however . 
 it 's about the amount of soil you 'd put in a window planter-box , and the only seeds i have are a few species of grass and ferns . 
 they 're the most rugged and easily grown plants on earth , so nasa picked them as the test subjects . 
 so i have two problems : not enough dirt , and nothing edible to plant in it . 
 but i 'm a botanist , damn it . 
 i should be able to find a way to make this happen . 
 if i do n't , i 'll be a really hungry botanist in about a year . 
 log entry : sol 11 i wonder how the cubs are doing . 
 log entry : sol 14 i got my undergrad degree at the university of chicago . 
 half the people who studied botany were hippies who thought they could return to some natural world system . 
 somehow feeding 7 billion people through pure gathering . 
 they spent most of their time working out better ways to grow pot . 
 i did n't like them . 
 i 've always been in it for the science , not for any new world order bullshit . 
 when they made compost heaps and tried to conserve every little ounce of living matter , i laughed at them . 
 `` look at the silly hippies ! '' 
 i would scoff . 
 `` look at their pathetic attempts to simulate a complex global ecosystem in their back yard . '' 
 of course now i 'm doing exactly that . 
 i 'm saving every scrap of biomatter i can find . 
 every time i finish a meal , the leftovers go to the compost bucket . 
 as for other biological material ... the hab has sophisticated toilets . 
 shit is usually vaccum-dried , then accumulated in sealed bags to be discarded on the surface . 
 not any more ! 
 in fact , i even did an eva to recover the previous bags of shit from before the crew left . 
 being completely desiccated , this particular shit did n't have bacteria in it anymore , but it still had complex proteins and would serve as useful manure . 
 adding it to water and active bacteria would quickly get it inundated , replacing any population killed by the toilet of doom . 
 i found a big container and filled it with a bit of water , then added the dried shit . 
 since then , i 've added my own shit to it as well . 
 the worse it smells , the more successful things are going . 
 that 's the bacteria at work ! 
 once i get some martian soil in here , i can mix in the shit and spread it out . 
 then i can sprinkle the earth soil on top . 
 you might not think that would be an important step , but it is . 
 there are dozens of species of bacteria living in earth soil , and they 're critical to plant growth . 
 they 'll spread out and breed like ... well , like a bacterial infection . . 
 within a week , the martian soil will be ready for plants to germinate in . 
 but i wo n't plant yet . 
 i 'll spread it out over a doubled area . 
 it 'll `` infect '' the new martian soil . 
 after another week , i 'll double it again . 
 and so on . 
 of course , all the while , i 'll be adding all new manure to the effort . 
 my asshole is doing as much to keep me alive as my brain . 
 this is n't a new concept i just came up with . 
 people have speculated on how to make crop soil out of martian dirt for decades . 
 i 'll just be putting it to the test for the first time . 
 i searched through the food supplies and found all sorts of things that i can plant . 
 peas , for instance . 
 plenty of beans , too . 
 i also found several potatoes . 
 if * any * of them can still germinate after their ordeal , that 'll be great . 
 with a nearly infinite supply of vitamins , all i need are calories of any kind to survive . 
 the total floor-space of the hab is about 92 square meters . 
 i plan to dedicate all of it to this endeavor . 
 i do n't mind walking on dirt . 
 it 'll be a lot of work , but i 'm going to need to cover the entire floor to a depth of 10 cm . 
 that means i 'll have to transport 9.2 cubic meters of martian soil in to the hab . 
 i can get maybe 1/10th of a cubic meter in through the airlock at a time , and it 'll be backbreaking work to collect it . 
 but in the end , if everything goes to plan , i 'll have 92 square meters of croppable soil . 
 hell yeah i 'm a botanist ! 
 fear my botany powers ! 
 log entry : sol 15 ugh ! 
 this is backbreaking work ! 
 i spent 12 hours today on evas to bring dirt in to the hab . 
 i only managed to cover a small corner of the base , maybe 5 square meters . 
 at this rate it 'll take me weeks to get all the soil in . 
 but hey , time is one thing i 've got . 
 the first few evas were pretty inefficient ; me filling small containers and bringing them in through the airlock . 
 then i got wise and just put one big container in the airlock itself and filled that with small containers till it was full . 
 that sped things up a lot because the airlock takes about 10 minutes to get through . 
 i ache all over . 
 and the shovels i have are made for taking samples , not heavy digging . 
 my back is killing me . 
 i foraged in the medical supplies and found some vicodin . 
 i took it about 10 minutes ago . 
 should be kicking in soon . 
 anyway , it 's nice to see progress . 
 time to start getting the bacteria to work on these minerals . 
 after lunch . 
 no 3/4 ration today . 
 i 've earned a full meal . 
 log entry : sol 16 one complication i had n't though of : water . 
 turns out being on the surface of mars for a few million years eliminates all the water in the soil . 
 my master 's degree in botany makes me pretty sure plants need wet dirt to grow in . 
 not to mention the bacteria that has to live in it first . 
 fortunately , i have water . 
 but not as much as i want . 
 to be viable , soil needs 40 liters of water per cubic meter . 
 my overall plan calls for 9.2 cubic meters of soil . 
 so i 'll eventually need 368 liters of water to feed it . 
 the hab has an excellent water reclaimer . 
 best technology available on earth . 
 so nasa figured `` why send a lot of water up there ? 
 just send enough for an emergency . '' 
 humans need 3 liters of water per day to be comfortable . 
 they gave us 50 liters each . 
 there are 300 liters total in the hab . 
 looks like i wo n't be able to cover the whole surface of the hab with fertile soil . 
 i 'm willing to dedicate all but an emergency 50 liters to the cause . 
 that means i can feed 62.5 square meters at a depth of 10cm . 
 about 2/3 of the hab 's floor . 
 it 'll have to do . 
 anyway , i 've only got a paltry 5 square meters covered at the moment . 
 after that , things got disgusting . 
 i spent three hours spreading shit on martian sand . 
 i did n't have to do it with my hands , at least . 
 i spread the sand out in a corner of the hab , about 10cm thick . 
 i wadded up a few blankets and uniforms from my departed crewmates to serve as one edge of a planter box -lrb- with the curved walls of the hab being the rest of the perimeter -rrb- . 
 then i sacrificed 20 liters of precious water to the dirt gods . 
 5 square meters was about right for the amount of manure i had handy . 
 i dumped my big container o ' shit on to the soil and nearly puked from the smell . 
 that smell 's going to stick around for a while , too . 
 it 's not like i can open a window . 
 still , you get used to it . 
 i mixed this soil and shit together with a shovel , and spread it out evenly again . 
 then i sprinkled the earth soil on top . 
 get to work , bacteria . 
 i 'm counting on you . 
 in other news , today is thanksgiving . 
 my family will be gathering in chicago for the usual feast at my parent 's house . 
 my guess is it wo n't be much fun , what with me having died 11 days ago . 
 hell , they probably just got done gathering for my funeral . 
 i wonder if they 'll ever find out what really happened . 
 log entry : sol 22 wow . 
 things really came along . 
 i got all the sand in and ready to go . 
 2/3 of the base is now dirt . 
 and today i executed my first dirt-doubling . 
 it 's been a week , and the former martian soil was rich and lovely . 
 two more doublings and i will have covered the whole field . 
 all that work was great for my morale . 
 it gave me something to do . 
 but after things settled down a bit , and i had dinner while listening to johanssen 's beatles music collection , i got depressed again . 
 doing the math , this wo n't keep me from starving . 
 my best bet for making calories is potatoes . 
 they grow prolifically and have a reasonable caloric content -lrb- 770 calories per kg -rrb- . 
 i 'm pretty sure the ones i have will germinate . 
 problem is i ca n't grow enough of them . 
 in 62 square meters , i could grow maybe 150kg of potatoes in 400 days -lrb- the time i have before running out of food -rrb- . 
 that 's a grand total of 115,500 calories , a sustainable average of 288 calories per day . 
 with my height and weight , if i 'm willing to starve a little , i need 1500 calories per day . 
 not even close . 
 so i ca n't just live off the land for ever . 
 but i can extend my life . 
 the potatoes will last me 76 days . 
 potatoes grow continually , so in those 76 days , i can grow another 22,000 calories of potatoes , which will tide me over for another 15 days . 
 after that , it 's kind of pointless to continue the trend . 
 all told it buys me about 90 days . 
 so now i 'll start starving to death on sol 490 instead of sol 400 . 
 it 's progress , but any hope of survival rests on me surviving until sol 1412 , when ares 4 will land . 
 there 's about a thousand days of food i do n't have . 
 and i do n't have a plan for how to get it . 
 shit . 
 chapter 3 log entry : sol 25 remember those old math questions you had in algebra class ? 
 where water is entering a container at a certain rate and leaving at a different rate and you need to figure out when it 'll be empty ? 
 well , that concept is critical to the `` mark watney does n't die '' project i 'm working on . 
 i need to create calories . 
 and i need enough to last four years . 
 i figure if i do n't get rescued by ares 4 , i 'm dead anyway . 
 so that 's my target : four years . 
 i have plenty of multivitamins ; over double what i need . 
 and there 's five times the minimum protein in each food pack , so careful rationing of portions takes care of my protein needs for at least four years . 
 my general nutrition is taken care of . 
 i just need calories . 
 i need 1500 calories every day . 
 i have 400 days of food to start off with . 
 so how many calories do i need to generate per day along the entire time period to stay alive for 1400 days total -lrb- the time till ares 4 arrives -rrb- ? 
 i 'll spare you the math . 
 the answer is a cool 1000 . 
 i need to create 1000 calories per day with my farming efforts to survive until ares 4 gets here . 
 actually , a little more than that , because it 's sol 25 right now and i have n't actually planted anything yet . 
 with my 62 square meters of farmland , i 'll be able to create about 288 calories per day . 
 i need to bring that up to 1000 . 
 i need four times my current plan 's production to survive . 
 i need more surface area for farming , and i need water to hydrate the soil . 
 so let 's take the problems one at a time . 
 how much farmland can i really make ? 
 there are 92 square meters in the hab . 
 let 's say i could make use of all of it . 
 also , there are five unused bunks . 
 let 's say i put soil in on them , too . 
 they 're 2 square meters each , giving me 10 more square meters . 
 so we 're up to 102 . 
 the hab has three lab tables , each about 2 square meters . 
 i want to keep one for my own use , leaving two for the cause . 
 that 's another four square meters , bringing the total to 106 . 
 i have two martian rovers . 
 they have pressure seals , allowing the occupants to drive in ease , without spacesuits , as they spent long periods traversing the surface . 
 they 're too cramped to plant crops in , and i want to be able to drive them around anyway . 
 but both rovers have an emergency pop-tent . 
 there are a lot of problems with using pop-tents as farmland , but they have 10 square meters of floor space each . 
 presuming i can overcome the problems , they net me another 20 square meters , bringing my farmland up to 126 . 
 126 square meters of farmable land . 
 that 's something to work with . 
 not nearly enough water to moisten the soil , but like i said , one thing at a time . 
 the next thing to consider is how efficient i can be in growing potatoes . 
 i based my crop yield estimates on the potato industry back on earth . 
 but potato farmers are n't in a desperate race for survival like i am . 
 can i get a better yield ? 
 for starters , i can give attention to each individual plant . 
 i can trim them and keep them healthy and not interfering with each other . 
 also , as their flowering bodies breach the surface , i can replant them deeper , then plant younger plants above them . 
 for normal potato farmers , it 's not worth doing because they 're working with literally millions of potato plants . 
 also , this sort of farming annihilates the soil . 
 any farmer doing it would turn their land into a dust bowl within 12 years . 
 it 's not sustainable . 
 but who gives a shit ? 
 i just need to survive four years . 
 i estimate i can get 50 % higher yield by using these tactics . 
 and with the 126 square meter farmland -lrb- just over double the 62 square meters i have -rrb- it works out to be over 900 calories per day . 
 that 's real progress . 
 i 'd still be in danger of starvation , but it gets me in the range of survival . 
 i might be able to make it by nearly starving but not quite dying . 
 i could reduce my caloric use by minimizing manual labor . 
 i could set the temperature of the hab higher than normal , meaning my body expends less energy keeping its temperature . 
 i could cut off an arm and eat it , gaining me valuable calories and reducing my overall caloric need . 
 no , not really . 
 so let 's say i could clear up that much farmland . 
 seems reasonable . 
 where do i get the water ? 
 to go from 62 to 126 square meters of farmland at 10cm deep , i 'll need 6.4 more cubic meters of soil -lrb- more shoveling , whee ! -rrb- 
 and that 'll need over 250 liters of water . 
 the 50l i have is for me to drink if the water reclaimer breaks . 
 so i 'm 250l short of my 250l goal . 
 bleh . 
 i 'm going to bed . 
 log entry : sol 26 it was a back-breaking yet productive day . 
 i was sick of thinking , so instead of trying to figure out where i 'll get 250l of water , i did some manual labor . 
 i need to get a whole assload more soil in to the hab , even if it is dry and useless right now . 
 i got a cubic meter in before getting exhausted . 
 then , a minor dust-storm dropped by for an hour and covered the solar collectors with crap . 
 so i had to suit up * again * and do * another * eva . 
 i was in a pissy mood the whole time . 
 sweeping off a huge field of solar cells is boring and physically demanding . 
 but once the job was done , i came back to my little hab on the prairie . 
 it was about time for another dirt-doubling , so i figured i may as well get it over with . 
 it took an hour . 
 one more doubling and the usable soil will all be good to go . 
 also , i figured it was time to start up a seed crop . 
 i 'd doubled the soil enough that i could afford to leave a little corner of it alone . 
 i had 12 potatoes to work with . 
 i am one lucky son-of-a-bitch they are n't freeze-dried or mulched . 
 why did nasa send 12 whole potatoes , refrigerated but not frozen ? 
 and why send them along with us as in-pressure cargo rather than in a crate with the rest of the hab supplies ? 
 because thanksgiving was going to happen while we were doing surface operations , and nasa 's shrinks thought it would be good to make a meal together . 
 not just to eat it , but to actually prepare it . 
 there 's probably some logic to that , but who cares ? 
 i cut each potato in to 4 pieces , making sure each piece had at least 2 eyes . 
 the eyes are where they sprout from . 
 i let them sit for a few hours to harden a bit , then planted them , well spaced apart , in the corner . 
 god speed , little taters . 
 my life depends on you . 
 normally , it takes 90 days to yield full sized potatoes . 
 but i ca n't wait that long . 
 i 'll need to cut up all the potatoes from this crop to seed the rest of the field . 
 by setting the hab temperature to a balmy 25.5 c , the plants will grow quicker . 
 also , the internal lights will provide plenty of `` sunlight '' and i 'll make sure they get lots of water -lrb- once i figure out where to get water -rrb- . 
 there will be no foul weather , or any parasites to hassle them , or any weeds to compete with for soil or nutrients . 
 with all this going for them , they should yield healthy , sproutable tubers within 40 days . 
 i figured that was enough being farmer mark for one day . 
 a full meal for dinner . 
 i 'd earned it . 
 plus , i 'd burned a ton of calories and i wanted them back . 
 i rifled through commander lewis 's stuff until i found her personal data-stick . 
 everyone got to bring whatever digital entertainment they wanted , and i was tired of listening to johanssen 's beatles albums for now . 
 time to see what lewis had . 
 crappy tv shows . 
 that 's what she had . 
 countless entire runs of tv shows from forever ago . 
 well . 
 beggars ca n't be choosers . 
 `` three 's company '' it is . 
 log entry : sol 29 over the last few days , i got all the dirt in that i 'd need . 
 i prepped the tables and bunks for holding the weight of soil , and even put the dirt in place . 
 there 's still no water to make it viable , but i have some ideas . 
 really bad ideas , but they 're ideas . 
 today 's big accomplishment was setting up the pop-tents . 
 the problem with the rovers ' pop-tents is they were n't designed for frequent use . 
 the idea was you 'd throw out a pop-tent , get in , and wait for rescue . 
 the airlock is nothing more than valves and two doors . 
 equalize the airlock with your side of it , get in . 
 equalize with the other side , get out . 
 this means you lose a lot of air each use . 
 and i 'll need to get in there at least once a day . 
 the total volume of each pop tent is pretty low , so i ca n't afford to lose air from it . 
 i spent * hours * trying to figure out how to attach a pop-tent airlock to a hab airlock . 
 i have three airlocks in the hab . 
 i 'd be willing to dedicate two to pop-tents . 
 that would have been awesome . 
 the frustrating part is pop-tent airlocks * can * attach to other airlocks ! 
 you might have injured people in there , or not enough space suits . 
 you need to be able to get people out without exposing them to the martian atmosphere . 
 but the pop-tents were designed for your crewmates to come rescue you in a * rover * . 
 the airlocks on the hab are much larger and completely different than the airlocks on the rovers . 
 when you think about it , there 's really no reason to attach a pop-tent to the hab . 
 unless you 're stranded on mars and everyone thinks you 're dead and you 're in a desperate fight against time and the elements to stay alive . 
 but , you know , other than that edge case there 's no reason . 
 so i finally decided i 'd just take the hit . 
 i 'll be losing some air every time i enter or exit a pop-tent . 
 the good news is each pop-tent has an air feed valve on the outside . 
 remember , these are emergency shelters . 
 the occupants might need air , and you can provide it from a rover by hooking up an air line . 
 it 's nothing more than a tube that equalizes the rover 's air with the pop-tent 's . 
 the hab and the rovers use the same valve and tubing standards , so i was able to attach the pop tents directly to the hab . 
 that 'll automatically replenish the air i lose with my entries and exits -lrb- what we nasa folk call ingress and egress -rrb- . 
 nasa was not fucking around with these emergency tents . 
 the moment i pushed the panic button in the rover , there was an ear-popping whoosh as the pop-tent fired out , attached to the rover airlock . 
 it took about two seconds . 
 i closed the airlock from the rover side and ended up with a nice , isolated pop-tent . 
 setting up the equalizer hose was trivial -lrb- for once i 'm using equipment the way it was designed to be used -rrb- . 
 then , after a few trips through the airlock -lrb- with the air-loss automatically equalized by the hab -rrb- i got the dirt in . 
 i repeated the process for the other tent . 
 everything went really easily . 
 sigh ... water . 
 in high school , i played a lot of dungeons and dragons . 
 -lrb- you may not have guessed this botanist / mechanical engineer was a bit of a nerd in high school , but indeed i was -rrb- . 
 in the game i played a cleric . 
 one of the magic spells i could cast was `` create water '' . 
 i always thought it was a really stupid spell , and it never came up . 
 boy what i would n't give to be able to do that in real life right now . 
 anyway . 
 that 's a problem for tomorrow . 
 for tonight , i have to get back to `` three 's company . '' 
 i stopped last night in the middle of the episode where mr. roper saw something and took it out of context . 
 log entry : sol 30 i have an idiotically dangerous plan for getting the water i need . 
 and boy do i mean * dangerous * . 
 but i do n't have much choice . 
 i 'm out of ideas and i 'm due for another dirt-doubling in a few days . 
 when i do the final doubling , i 'll be doubling on to all that new soil i 've brought in . 
 if i do n't wet it first , it 'll just die . 
 there is n't a lot of water here on mars . 
 there 's ice at the poles , but they 're too far away . 
 if i want water i 'll have to make it from scratch . 
 fortunately , i know the recipe : take hydrogen . 
 add oxygen . 
 burn . 
 let 's take them one at a time . 
 i 'll start with oxygen . 
 i have a fair bit of o2 reserves , but not enough to make 250 liters of water . 
 two high-pressure tanks at one end of the hab are my entire supply -lrb- plus the air in the hab of course -rrb- . 
 they each contain 25 liters of liquid o2 . 
 the hab would only use them in an emergency ; it has the oxygenator to balance the atmosphere . 
 the reason the o2 tanks are here is to feed the spacesuits and rovers . 
 anyway , the reserve oxygen would only be enough to make 100l of water -lrb- 50l of o2 makes 100l of molecules that only have one o each -rrb- . 
 that would mean no evas for me , and no emergency reserves . 
 and it would make less than half the water i need . 
 out of the question . 
 but oxygen 's easier to find on mars than you might think . 
 the atmosphere is 98 % co2 . 
 and i happen to have a machine whose sole purpose is liberating oxygen from co2 . 
 yay oxygenator ! 
 one problem : the atmosphere is very thin . 
 about 1/90th the pressure on earth . 
 so it 's hard to collect . 
 getting air from outside to inside is nearly impossible . 
 the whole purpose of the hab is to keep that sort of thing from happening . 
 the tiny amount of martian atmosphere that enters when i use an airlock is laughable . 
 that 's where the mav fuel plant comes in . 
 my crewmates took the mav away weeks ago . 
 but the bottom half of it stayed behind . 
 nasa is not in the habit of putting unnecessary shit in to orbit . 
 it left the landing gear , ingress ramp , and fuel plant behind . 
 remember how the mav made its own fuel with help from the martian atmosphere ? 
 step one of that is to collect co2 and store it in a high pressure vessel . 
 once i get that hooked up to the hab 's power , it 'll give me half a liter of liquid co2 per hour , indefinitely . 
 after 5 days it 'll have made 125l of co2 , which will make 125l of o2 after i feed it through the oxygenator . 
 that 's enough to make 250l of water . 
 so i have a plan for oxygen . 
 the hydrogen will be a little trickier . 
 i considered raiding the hydrogen fuel-cells , but i need those batteries to maintain power at night . 
 if i do n't have that , it 'll get too cold . 
 i could bundle up , but the cold would kill my crops . 
 and each fuel cell only has a small amount of h2 anyway . 
 it 's just not worth sacrificing so much usefulness for so little gain . 
 the one thing i have going for me is that energy is not a problem . 
 i do n't want to give that up . 
 so i 'll have to go a different route . 
 i often talk about the mav . 
 but now i want to talk about the mdv . 
 during the most terrifying 23 minutes of my life , four of my crewmates and i tried not to shit ourselves while martinez piloted the mdv down to the surface . 
 it was kind of like being in a tumble-dryer . 
 first , we descended from hermes , and decelerated our orbital velocity so we could start falling properly . 
 everything was smooth until we hit the atmosphere . 
 if you think turbulence is rough in a jetliner going 720kph , just imagine what it 's like at 28,000 kph . 
 several staged sets of chutes deployed automatically to slow our descent , then martinez manually piloted us to the ground , using the thrusters to slow descent and control our lateral motion . 
 he 'd trained for this for years , and he did his job extraordinarily well . 
 he exceeded all plausible expectations of landings , putting us just nine meters from the target . 
 the guy just plain owned that landing . 
 thanks , martinez ! 
 you may have saved my life ! 
 not because of the perfect landing , but because he left so much fuel behind . 
 hundreds of liters of unused hydrazine . 
 each molecule of hydrazine has four hydrogen atoms in it . 
 so each liter of hydrazine has enough hydrogen for * two * liters of water . 
 i did a little eva today to check . 
 the mdv has 292l of juice left in the tanks . 
 enough to make a almost 600l of water ! 
 way more than i need ! 
 there 's just one catch : liberating hydrogen from hydrazine is ... well ... it 's how rockets work . 
 it 's really , really hot . 
 and dangerous . 
 if i do it in an oxygen atmosphere , the heat and newly liberated hydrogen will explode . 
 there 'll be a lot of h2o at the end , but i 'll be too dead to appreciate it . 
 at its root , hydrazine is pretty simple . 
 the germans used it as far back as world war ii for rocket-assisted fighter fuel -lrb- and occasionally blew themselves up with it -rrb- . 
 all you have to do is run it over a catalyst -lrb- which i can extract from the mdv engine -rrb- and it will turn in to nitrogen and hydrogen . 
 i 'll spare you the chemistry , but the end result is that 5 molecules of hydrazine becomes 5 molecules of harmless n2 and 10 molecules of lovely h2 . 
 during this process , it goes through an intermediate step of being ammonia . 
 chemistry , being the sloppy bitch it is , ensures there 'll be some ammonia that does n't react with the hydrazine , so it 'll just stay ammonia . 
 you like the smell of ammonia ? 
 well it 'll be prevalent in my increasingly hellish existence . 
 the chemistry is on my side . 
 the question now is how do i actually make this reaction happen slowly and how do i collect the hydrogen ? 
 the answer is : i do n't know . 
 i suppose i 'll think of something . 
 or die . 
 anyway , much more important : i simply ca n't abide the replacement of chrissie with cindy . 
 `` three 's company '' may never be the same after this fiasco . 
 time will tell . 
 chapter 4 log entry : sol 32 so i ran in to a bunch of problems with my water plan . 
 my idea is to make 600l of water -lrb- limited by the hydrogen i can get from the hydrazine -rrb- . 
 that means i 'll need 300l of liquid o2 . 
 i can create the o2 easily enough . 
 it takes 20 hours for the mav fuel plant to fill its 10l tank with co2 . 
 the oxygenator can turn it in to o2 , then the atmospheric regulator will see the o2 content in the hab is high , and pull it out of the air , storing it in the main o2 tanks . 
 they 'd fill up , so i 'd have to transfer o2 over to the rovers ' tanks and even space suit tanks as necessary . 
 but i ca n't create it very quickly . 
 at 1/2l of co2 per hour , it will take 25 days to make the oxygen i need . 
 that 's longer than i 'd like . 
 also , there 's the problem of storing the hydrogen . 
 the air tanks of the hab , the rovers , and all the space suits add up to exactly 374l of storage . 
 to hold all the materials for water , i would need a whopping 900l of storage . 
 i considered using one of the rovers as a `` tank '' . 
 it would certainly be big enough , but it just is n't designed to hold in that much pressure . 
 it 's made to hold -lrb- you guessed it -rrb- one atmosphere . 
 i need vessels that can hold 50 times that much . 
 i 'm sure a rover would burst . 
 the best way to store the ingredients of water is to make them be water . 
 so what 's what i 'll have to do . 
 the concept is simple , but the execution will be incredibly dangerous . 
 every 20 hours , i 'll have 10l of co2 thanks to the mav fuel plant . 
 i 'll vent it in to the hab via the highly scientific method of detaching the tank from the mav landing struts , bringing it in to the hab , then opening the valve until it 's empty . 
 the oxygenator will turn it in to oxygen in its own time . 
 then , i 'll release hydrazine , very slowly , over the iridium catalyst , to turn it in to n2 and h2 . 
 i 'll direct the hydrogen to a small area and burn it . 
 as you can see , this plan provides many opportunities for me to die in a fiery explosion . 
 firstly , hydrazine is some serious death . 
 if i make any mistakes , there 'll be nothing left but the `` mark watney memorial crater '' where the hab once stood . 
 presuming i do n't fuck up with the hydrazine , there 's still the matter of burning hydrogen . 
 i 'm going to be setting a fire . 
 in the hab . 
 on purpose . 
 if you asked every engineer at nasa what the worst scenario for the hab was , they 'd all answer `` fire . '' 
 if you asked them what the result would be , they 'd answer `` death by fire . '' 
 but if i can pull it off , i 'll be making water continuously , with no need to store hydrogen or oxygen . 
 it 'll be mixed in to the atmosphere as humidity , but the water reclaimer will pull it out . 
 i do n't even have to perfectly match the hydrazine end of it with the fuel plant co2 part . 
 there 's plenty of oxygen in the hab , and plenty more in reserve . 
 i just need to make sure not to make so much water i run myself out of o2 . 
 i hooked up the mav fuel plant to the hab 's power supply . 
 fortunately they both use the same voltage . 
 it 's chugging away , collecting co2 for me . 
 half-ration for dinner . 
 all i accomplished today was thinking up a plan that 'll kill me , and that does n't take much energy . 
 i 'm going to finish off the last of `` three 's company '' tonight . 
 frankly , i like mr. furley more than the ropers . 
 log entry : sol 33 this may be my last entry . 
 i 've known since sol 6 there was a good chance i 'd die here . 
 but i figured it would be when i ran out of food . 
 i did n't think it would be this early . 
 i 'm about the fire up the hydrazine . 
 our mission was designed knowing that anything might need maintenance , so i have plenty of tools . 
 even in a space-suit , i was able to pry the access panels off the mdv and get at the six hydrazine tanks . 
 i set them in the shadow of a rover to keep them from heating up too much . 
 there 's more shade and a cooler temperature near the hab , but fuck that . 
 if they 're going to blow up , they can blow up a rover , not my house . 
 then i pried out the reaction chamber . 
 it took some work and i cracked the damn thing in half , but i got it out . 
 lucky for me i do n't need a proper fuel reaction . 
 in fact , i really , super-duper do n't want a proper fuel reaction . 
 i brought all the hydrazine and reaction chamber in . 
 i briefly considered only having one tank in at a time to reduce risk . 
 but some back-of-the-napkin math told me even one tank was enough to blow the whole hab up , so why not bring them all in ? 
 the tanks have manual vent valves . 
 i 'm not 100 % sure what they 're for . 
 certainly we were never expected to use them . 
 i think they 're there to release pressure during the many quality checks done during construction and before fueling . 
 whatever the reason , i have valves to work with . 
 all it takes is a wrench . 
 i liberated a spare water hose from the water reclaimer . 
 with some thread torn out of a uniform -lrb- sorry , johanssen -rrb- , i attached it to the valve output . 
 hydrazine is a liquid , so all i have to do is lead it to the reaction chamber -lrb- more of a `` reaction bowl '' now -rrb- . 
 meanwhile , the mav fuel plant is still working . 
 i 've already brought in one tank of co2 , vented it , and returned it for refilling . 
 so there are no more excuses . 
 it 's time to start making water . 
 if you find the charred remains of the hab , it means i did something wrong . 
 i 'm copying this log over to both rovers so it 's more likely it 'll survive . 
 here goes nothin ' log entry : sol 33 -lrb- 2 -rrb- well , i did n't die . 
 first thing i did was put on the inner lining of my eva suit . 
 not the bulky suit itself , just the inner clothing i wear under it , including the gloves and booties . 
 then i got an oxygen mask from the medical supplies and some lab goggles from vogel 's chem kit . 
 almost all of my body was now protected and i would be breathing canned air . 
 why ? 
 because hydrazine is very toxic . 
 if i breathe too much of it i 'll get major lung problems . 
 if i get it on my skin , i 'll have chemical burns for the rest of my life . 
 i was n't taking any chances . 
 i turned the valve until a trickle of hydrazine came out . 
 i let one drop fall in to the iridium bowl . 
 it un-dramatically sizzled and disappeared . 
 but hey , that 's what i wanted . 
 i just freed up hydrogen and nitrogen . 
 yay ! 
 one thing i have in abundance here is bags . 
 they 're not much different than kitchen trash bags , though i 'm sure they cost $ 50,000 because nasa . 
 in addition to being our commander , lewis was also the geologist . 
 she was going to collect rock and soil samples from all over the operational area -lrb- 10 km radius -rrb- . 
 weight limits restricted how much she could actually bring back , so she was going to collect first , then sort out the most interesting 50kg to take home . 
 the bags are to store and tag the samples . 
 some are smaller than a ziploc , while others are as big as a hefty lawn and leaf bag . 
 also , i have duct tape . 
 ordinary duct tape , like you buy at a hardware store . 
 turns out even nasa ca n't improve on duct tape . 
 i cut up a few hefty sized bags and taped them together to make a sort of tent . 
 really it was more of a super-sized bag . 
 i was able to cover the whole table where my hydrazine mad scientist set-up was . 
 i put a few knickknacks on the table to keep the plastic out of the iridium bowl . 
 thankfully , the bags are clear , so i can still see what 's going on . 
 next , i sacrificed a spacesuit to the cause . 
 i needed an air hose . 
 i have a surplus of space suits , after all . 
 a total of seven ; one for each crewmember and one spare . 
 so i do n't mind murdering one of them . 
 i cut a hole in the top of the plastic and duct taped the hose in place . 
 nice seal , i think . 
 with some more string from johannsen 's clothing , i hung the other end of the hose from the top of the hab 's dome by two angled threads -lrb- to keep them well clear of the hose opening -rrb- . 
 now i had a little chimney . 
 the hose was about 1cm wide . 
 hopefully a good aperture . 
 the hydrogen will be hot after the reaction , and it 'll want to go up . 
 so i 'll let it go up the chimney , then burn it as it comes out . 
 then i had to invent fire . 
 nasa put a lot of effort in to making sure nothing here can burn . 
 everything is made of metal or flame retardant plastic and the uniforms are synthetic . 
 i needed something that could hold a flame , some kind of pilot light . 
 i do n't have the skills to keep enough h2 flowing to feed a flame without killing myself . 
 too narrow a margin there . 
 after a search of everyone 's personal items -lrb- hey , if they wanted privacy , they should n't have abandoned me on mars with their stuff -rrb- i found my answer . 
 martinez is a devout catholic . 
 i knew that . 
 what i did n't know was he brought along a small wooden cross . 
 i 'm sure nasa gave him shit about it , but i also know martinez is one stubborn son-of-a-bitch . 
 i chipped his sacred religious item into long splinters using a pair of pliers and a screwdriver . 
 i figure if there 's a god , he wo n't mind , considering the situation i 'm in . 
 ruining the only religious icon i have leaves me vulnerable to mars vampires . 
 i 'll have to risk it . 
 there were plenty of wires and batteries around to make a spark . 
 but you ca n't just ignite wood with a small electric spark . 
 so i collected ribbons of bark from local palm trees , then got a couple of sticks and rubbed them together to create enough friction to ... no not really . 
 i vented pure oxygen at the stick and gave it a spark . 
 fucker lit up like a match . 
 with my mini-torch in hand , i started a slow hydrazine flow . 
 it sizzled on the iridium and disappeared . 
 soon i had short bursts of flame sputtering from the chimney . 
 the main thing i had watch was the temperature . 
 hydrazine breaking down is extremely exothermic . 
 so i 'd do it a bit at a time , constantly watching the readout of a thermocouple i 'd attached to the iridium chamber . 
 point is , the process worked ! 
 each hydrazine tank holds a little over 50l , which would be enough to make 100l of water . 
 i 'm limited by my oxygen production , but i 'm all excited now , so i 'm willing to use half my reserves . 
 long story short , i 'll stop when the tank is half-empty , and i 'll have 50l or water at the end ! 
 log entry : sol 34 well that took a really long time . 
 i 've been at it all night with the hydrazine . 
 but i got the job done . 
 i could have finished faster , but i figured caution 's best when setting fire to rocket fuel in an enclosed space . 
 boy is this place a tropical jungle now , i 'll tell ya . 
 it 's almost 30c in here , and humid as all hell . 
 i just dumped a ton of heat and 50l of water in to the air . 
 during this process , the poor hab had to be the mother of a messy toddler . 
 it 's been replacing the oxygen i 've used , and the water reclaimer is trying to get the humidity down to sane levels . 
 nothing to be done about the heat . 
 there 's actually no air-conditioning in the hab . 
 mars is cold . 
 getting rid of excess heat is n't something we expected to deal with . 
 i 've now grown accustomed to the alarms that are blaring at all times . 
 the fire alarm has finally stopped , now that there 's no more fire . 
 the low oxygen alarm should stop soon . 
 the high humidity alarm will take a little longer . 
 the water reclaimer has its work cut out for it today . 
 for a moment , there yet another alarm . 
 the water reclaimer 's main tank was full . 
 booyah ! 
 that 's the kind of problem i want to have ! 
 remember the spacesuit i vandalized yesterday ? 
 i hung it on its rack and carried buckets of water to it from the reclaimer . 
 it can hold an atmosphere of air in . 
 it should be able to handle a few buckets of water . 
 man i 'm tired . 
 been up all night and it 's time to sleep . 
 but i 'll drift off to dreamland in the best mood i 've been in since sol 6 . 
 things are finally going my way . 
 in fact , they 're going great ! 
 i have a chance to live after all ! 
 log entry : sol 37 i am fucked and i 'm gon na die ! 
 ok , calm down . 
 i 'm sure i can get around this . 
 i 'm writing this log to you , dear future mars archeologist , from rover 2 . 
 you may wonder why i 'm not in the hab right now . 
 because i fled in terror , that 's why ! 
 and i 'm not sure what the hell to do next . 
 i guess i should explain what happened . 
 if this is my last entry , you 'll at least know why . 
 over the past few days , i 've been happily making water . 
 it 's been going swimmingly . 
 -lrb- see what i did there ? 
 `` swimmingly '' -rrb- i even beefed up the mav fuel plant compressor . 
 it was very technical -lrb- i increased the voltage to the pump -rrb- . 
 so i 'm making water even faster now . 
 after my initial burst of 50l , i decided to settle down and just make it at the rate i get o2 . 
 i 'm not willing to go below a 25l reserve . 
 so when i dip too low , i stop dicking with hydrazine until i get the o2 back up to well above 25l . 
 important note : when i say i made 50l of water , that was an assumption . 
 i did n't * reclaim * 50l of water . 
 the additional soil i 'd filled the hab with was extremely dry and greedily sucked up a lot of the humidity . 
 that 's where i want the water to go anyway , so i 'm not worried , and i was n't surprised when the reclaimer did n't get anywhere near 50l . 
 i get 10l of co2 every 15 hours now that i souped up the pump . 
 i 've done this process four times . 
 my math tells me that , including my initial 50l burst , i should have 130l of water added to the system . 
 well my math is a damn liar ! 
 i 've gained 70l in the water regulator and the spacesuit-now-watertank . 
 there 's plenty of condensation on the walls and domed roof , and the soil is certainly absorbing its fair share . 
 but that does n't account for 60l of missing water . 
 something was wrong . 
 that 's when i noticed the other o2 tank . 
 the hab has two reserve o2 tanks . 
 one on each side of the structure , for safety reasons . 
 the hab can decide which one to use whenever it wants . 
 turns out it 's been topping off the atmosphere from tank 1 . 
 but when i add o2 to the system -lrb- via the oxygenator -rrb- , the hab evenly distributes the gain among the two tanks . 
 tank 2 has been slowly gaining oxygen . 
 that 's not a problem , it 's just doing its job . 
 but it does mean i 've been gaining o2 over time . 
 which means i 'm not consuming it as fast as i thought . 
 at first , i thought `` yay ! 
 more oxygen ! 
 now i can make water faster ! '' 
 but then a more disturbing thought occurred to me . 
 follow my logic : i 'm gaining o2 . 
 but the amount i 'm bringing in from outside is constant . 
 so the only way to `` gain '' it is to be using less than i thought . 
 but i 've been doing the hydrazine reaction with the assumption that i was using all of it . 
 the only possible explanation is i have n't been burning all the released hydrogen . 
 it 's obvious now , in retrospect . 
 but it never occurred to me that some of the hydrogen just would n't burn . 
 it got past the flame , and went on its merry way . 
 dammit , jim , i 'm a botanist , not a chemist ! 
 chemistry is messy , so there 's unburned hydrogen in the air . 
 all around me . 
 mixed in with the oxygen . 
 just ... hanging out . 
 waiting for a spark so it can blow the fucking hab up ! 
 once i figured this out , and composed myself , i got a ziploc-sized sample bag and waved it around a bit , then sealed it . 
 then , a quick eva to a rover , where we keep the atmospheric analyzers . 
 nitrogen : 22 % . 
 oxygen : 9 % . 
 hydrogen : 64 % . 
 i 've been hiding here in the rover ever since . 
 it 's hydrogenville in the hab . 
 i 'm very lucky it has n't blown . 
 even a small static discharge would have led to `` oh the humanity ! '' 
 so , i 'm here in rover 2 . 
 i can stay for a day or two , tops , before the co2 filters from the rover and my spacesuit fill up . 
 i have that long to figure out how to deal with this . 
 the hab is now a bomb . 
 chapter 5 log entry : sol 38 i 'm still cowering in the rover , but i 've had time to think . 
 and i know how to deal with the hydrogen . 
 i thought about the atmospheric regulator . 
 it pays attention to what 's in the air and balances it . 
 that 's how the excess o2 i 've been importing ends up in the tanks . 
 problem is , it 's just not built to pull hydrogen out of the air . 
 the regulator uses freeze-separation to sort out the gasses . 
 when it decides there 's too much oxygen , it starts collecting air in a tank and cooling it to 90 kelvin . 
 that makes the oxygen turn to liquid , but leaves the nitrogen -lrb- condensation point : 77k -rrb- still gaseous . 
 then it stores the o2 . 
 but i ca n't get it to do that for hydrogen , because hydrogen needs to be below 21k to turn liquid . 
 and the regulator just ca n't get temperatures that low . 
 dead end . 
 here 's the solution : hydrogen is dangerous because it can blow up . 
 but it can only blow up if there 's oxygen around . 
 hydrogen without oxygen is harmless . 
 and the regulator is all about pulling oxygen out of the air . 
 there are four different safety interlocks that prevent the regulator from letting the hab 's oxygen content get too low . 
 but they 're designed to work against technical faults , not deliberate sabotage -lrb- bwa ha ha ! -rrb- . 
 long story short , i can trick the regulator in to pulling all the oxygen out of the hab . 
 then i can wear a spacesuit -lrb- so i can breathe -rrb- and do whatever i want without fear of blowing up . 
 yay ! 
 i 'll use an o2 tank to spray short bursts of oxygen at the hydrogen , and make a spark with a couple of wires and a battery . 
 it 'll set the hydrogen on fire , but only until the small bit of oxygen is used up . 
 i 'll just do that over and over , in controlled bursts , until i 've burned off all the hydrogen . 
 one tiny flaw with that plan : it 'll kill my dirt . 
 the dirt is only viable soil because of the bacteria growing in it . 
 if i get rid of all the oxygen , the bacteria will die . 
 i do n't have 100 billion little spacesuits handy . 
 it 's half a solution anyway . 
 time to take a break from thinking . 
 commander lewis was the last one to use this rover . 
 she was scheduled to use it again on sol 7 , but she went home instead . 
 her personal travel kit 's still in the back . 
 rifling through it , i found a protein bar and a personal usb , probably full of music to listen to on the drive . 
 time to chow down and see what the good commander brought along for music . 
 log entry sol 38 -lrb- 2 -rrb- disco . 
 god damn it , lewis . 
 log entry : sol 39 well i think i 've got it . 
 soil bacteria are used to winters . 
 they get less active , and require less oxygen to survive . 
 i can lower the hab temperature to 1c , and they 'll nearly hibernate . 
 this sort of thing happens on earth all the time . 
 they can survive a couple of days this way . 
 if you 're wondering how bacteria survive long periods of cold on earth , the answer is they do n't . 
 bacteria further underground where it was warmer breed upward to replace the dead ones . 
 they 'll still need some oxygen , but not much . 
 i think a 1 % content will do the trick . 
 that leaves a little in the air for the bacteria to breathe , but not enough to maintain a fire . 
 so the hydrogen wo n't blow up . 
 but that leads to yet another problem . 
 the potato plants wo n't like the plan . 
 they do n't mind the lack of oxygen but the cold will kill them . 
 so i 'll have to pot them -lrb- bag them , actually -rrb- and move them to a rover . 
 they have n't even sprouted yet , so it 's not like they need light . 
 it was surprisingly annoying to find a way to make the heat stay on when the rover 's unoccupied . 
 but i figured it out . 
 after all , i 've got nothing but time in here . 
 so that 's the plan . 
 first , bag the potato plants and bring them to the rover -lrb- make sure it keeps the damn heater on -rrb- . 
 then drop the hab temperature to 1c . 
 then reduce to o2 content to 1 % . 
 then burn off the hydrogen with a battery , some wires , and a tank of o2 . 
 yeah . 
 this all sounds like a great idea with no chance of catastrophic failure . 
 that was sarcasm , by the way . 
 well , off i go . 
 log entry : sol 40 things were n't 100 % successful . 
 they say no plan survives first contact with implementation . 
 i 'd have to agree . 
 here 's what happened : i summoned up the courage to return to the hab . 
 once i got there , i felt a little more confident . 
 everything was how i 'd left it -lrb- what did i expect ? 
 martians looting my stuff ? -rrb- 
 it would take a while to let the hab cool , so i started that right away by turning the temperature down to 1c . 
 i bagged the potato plants , and got a chance to check up on them while i was at it . 
 they 're rooting nicely and about to sprout . 
 one thing i had n't accounted for was how to bring them from the hab to the rovers . 
 the answer was pretty easy . 
 i put all of them in martinez 's spacesuit . 
 then i dragged it out with me to the rover i 'd set up as a temporary nursery . 
 making sure to jimmy the heater to stay on , i headed back to the hab . 
 buy the time i got back , it was already chilly . 
 down to 5c already . 
 shivering and seeing my breath condense in front of me , i threw on extra layers of clothes . 
 fortunately i 'm not a very big man . 
 martinez 's clothes fit over mine , and vogel 's fit over martinez 's . 
 these shitty clothes were designed to be worn in a temperature-controlled environment . 
 even with three layers , i was still cold . 
 i climbed in to my bunk and under the covers for more warmth . 
 once the temperature got to 1c , i waited another hour , just to make sure the bacteria in the dirt got the memo that it was time to take it slow . 
 the next problem i ran in to was the regulator . 
 despite my swaggering confidence , i was n't able to outwit it . 
 it really does not want to pull too much o2 out of the air . 
 the lowest i could get it to was 15 % . 
 after that , it flatly refused to go lower , and nothing i did mattered . 
 i had all these plans about getting in and reprogramming it . 
 but the safety protocols turned out to be in roms . 
 i ca n't blame it . 
 its whole purpose is to prevent the atmosphere from becoming lethal . 
 nobody at nasa thought `` hey , let 's allow a fatal lack of oxygen that will make everyone drop dead ! '' 
 so i had to use more a more primitive plan . 
 the regulator uses a different set of vents for air sampling than it does for main air separation . 
 the air that gets freeze-separated comes in through a single large vent on the main unit . 
 but it samples the air from nine small vents that pipe back to the main unit . 
 that way it gets a good average of the hab , and prevents one localized imbalance from throwing it off . 
 i taped up eight of the intakes , leaving only one of them active . 
 then i taped the mouth of a hefty-sized bag over the neck-hole of a spacesuit -lrb- johanssen 's this time -rrb- . 
 in the back of the bag , i poked a small hole and taped it over the remaining intake . 
 then i inflated the bag with pure o2 from the suit 's tanks . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 the regulator thought , `` i better pull o2 out right away ! '' 
 worked great ! 
 i decided i not to wear a space suit after all . 
 the atmospheric pressure was going to be fine . 
 all i needed was oxygen . 
 so i grabbed an o2 canister from the medical bay . 
 that way , i had a hell of a lot more freedom of motion . 
 it even had a rubber band to keep it on my face ! 
 though i did need a spacesuit to monitor the actual hab oxygen level -lrb- the hab 's main computer was convinced it was 100 % o2 -rrb- . 
 each spacesuit knew how to monitor its own internal air , of course . 
 let 's see ... martinez 's spacesuit was in the rover . 
 johanssen 's was outwitting the regulator . 
 lewis 's was serving as a water-tank . 
 i did n't want to mess with mine -lrb- hey , it 's custom fitted ! -rrb- . 
 that left me three spacesuits to work with . 
 i grabbed vogel 's suit and activated the internal air sensors while leaving the helmet off . 
 once the oxygen dropped to 12 % i put the breather mask on . 
 i watched it fall further and further . 
 when it reached 1 % i cut power to the regulator . 
 i may not be able to reprogram the regulator , but i can turn the bastard off completely . 
 the hab has emergency flashlights in many locations in case of critical power failure . 
 i tore the l.e.d. bulbs out of one and left the two frayed power wires very close together . 
 now when i turned it on i got a small spark . 
 taking a canister of o2 from vogel 's suit , i attached a strap to both ends and slung it over my shoulder . 
 then i attached an air line to the tank and crimped it with my thumb . 
 i turned on a very slow trickle of o2 ; a small enough that it could n't overpower the crimp . 
 standing on the table with a sparker in one hand and my oxygen line in the other , i reached up and gave it a try . 
 and holy hell it worked ! 
 blowing the o2 over the sparker , i flicked the switch on the flashlight and a wonderful jet of flame fired out of the tube . 
 the fire alarm went off , of course . 
 but i 'd heard it so much lately i barely noticed it any more . 
 then i did it again . 
 and again . 
 short bursts . 
 nothing flashy . 
 i was happy to take my time . 
 i was elated ! 
 this was the best plan ever ! 
 not only was i clearing out the hydrogen , i was making more water ! 
 everything went great right up to the explosion . 
 one minute i was happily burning hydrogen ; the next i was on the other side of the hab and a lot of stuff was knocked over . 
 i stumbled to my feet and saw the hab in disarray . 
 my first thought was `` my ears hurt like hell ! '' 
 then i thought `` i 'm dizzy , '' and fell to my knees . 
 then i fell prone . 
 i was that dizzy . 
 i groped my head with both hands , looking for a head-wound i desperately hoped would not be there . 
 nothing seemed to be amiss . 
 but feeling all over my head and face revealed the true problem . 
 my oxygen mask had been ripped off in the blast . 
 i was breathing nearly pure nitrogen . 
 the floor was covered in junk from all over the hab . 
 no hope of finding the medical o2 tank . 
 no hope of finding anything in this mess before i passed out . 
 then i saw lewis 's suit hanging right where it belonged . 
 it had n't moved in the blast . 
 it was heavy to start with and had 70l of water in it . 
 rushing over , i quickly cranked on the o2 and stuck my head into the neck-hole -lrb- i 'd removed the helmet long ago , for easy access to the water -rrb- . 
 i breathed a bit until the dizziness faded , then took a deep breath and held it . 
 still holding my breath , i glanced over to the spacesuit and hefty bag i 'd used to outsmart the regulator . 
 the bad news is i 'd never removed them . 
 the good news is the explosion removed them . 
 eight of the nine intakes for the regulator were still bagged , but this one would at least tell the truth . 
 stumbling over to the regulator , i turned it back on . 
 after a two second boot process -lrb- it was made to start up fast for obvious reasons -rrb- it immediately identified the problem . 
 the shrill low-oxygen alarm blared throughout the hab as the regulator dumped pure oxygen in to the atmosphere as fast as it safely could . 
 separating oxygen from the atmosphere is difficult and time consuming , but adding it is as simple as opening a valve . 
 i clambered over debris back to lewis 's spacesuit and put my head back in for more good air . 
 within three minutes , the regulator had brought the hab oxygen back up to par . 
 i noticed for the first time how burned my clothing was . 
 it was a good time to be wearing three layers of clothes . 
 mostly the damage was on my sleves . 
 the outer layer was gone . 
 the middle layer was singed and burned clean through in places . 
 the inner layer , my own uniform , was in reasonably good shape . 
 looks like i lucked out again . 
 also , glancing at the hab 's main computer , i see the temperature rose to 15c . 
 something very hot and very explodey happened , and i was n't sure what . 
 or how . 
 and that 's where i am now . 
 wondering what the hell happened . 
 after all that work and getting blown up , i 'm exhausted . 
 tomorrow i 'll have to do a million equipment checks and try to figure out what blew up , but for now i just want to sleep . 
 i 'm in the rover again tonight . 
 even with the hydrogen gone , i 'm reluctant to hang out in a hab that has a history of exploding for no reason . 
 plus , i ca n't be sure there is n't a leak . 
 this time , i brought a proper meal , and something to listen to that is n't disco . 
 log entry : sol 41 i spent the day running full diagnostics on every system in the hab . 
 it was incredibly boring , but my survival depends on these machines , so it had to be done . 
 i ca n't just assume an explosion did no long-term damage . 
 i did the most critical tests first . 
 number one was the integrity of the hab canvas . 
 i felt pretty confident it was in good shape , cause i 'd spent a few hours asleep in the rover before returning to the hab , and the pressure was still good . 
 the computer reported no change pressure over that time , other than a minor fluctuation based on temperature . 
 then i checked the oxygenator . 
 if that stops working and i ca n't fix it , i 'm a dead man . 
 no problems . 
 then the atmospheric regulator . 
 again , no problem . 
 heating unit , primary battery array , o2 and n2 storage tanks , water reclaimer , all three airlocks , lighting systems , main computer ... on and on i went , feeling better and better as each system proved to be in perfect working order . 
 got to hand it to nasa . 
 they do n't fuck around when making this stuff . 
 then came the critical part ... checking the dirt . 
 taking a few samples from all over the hab -lrb- remember , it 's all dirt flooring now -rrb- , i made some slides . 
 i took them over to the microscope and checked up on my beloved bacteria . 
 i breathed a sigh of relief when i saw healthy , active bacteria doing their thing . 
 then i set about cleaning up the mess . 
 and i had a lot of time to think about what had happened . 
 so what happened ? 
 well , i have a theory . 
 according to the main computer , during the blast , the internal pressure spiked to 1.4 atmospheres , and the temperature rose to 15c in under a second . 
 but the pressure quickly subsided back to 1atm . 
 this would make sense if the atmospheric regulator were on , but i 'd cut power to it . 
 the temperature remained 15c for some time afterward , so any heat expansion should still have been present . 
 but the pressure dropped down again , so where did that extra pressure go ? 
 raising the temperature and keeping the same number of atoms inside should permanently raise the pressure . 
 but it did n't . 
 i quickly realized the answer . 
 the hydrogen -lrb- the only available thing to burn -rrb- combined with oxygen -lrb- hence combustion -rrb- and became water . 
 water is a thousand times as dense as a gas . 
 so the heat added to the pressure , and the transformation of hydrogen and oxygen in to water brought it back down again . 
 the million dollar question is : where the hell did the oxygen come from ? 
 the whole plan was to limit oxygen and keep an explosion from happening . 
 and it was working for quite a while before blowing up . 
 i think i have my answer . 
 and it comes down to me brain-farting . 
 remember when i decided not to wear a spacesuit ? 
 that decision almost killed me . 
 the medical o2 tank mixes pure oxygen with surrounding air , then feeds it to you through a mask . 
 the mask stays on your face with a little rubber band that goes around the back of your neck . 
 not an air-tight seal . 
 i know what you 're thinking . 
 the mask leaked oxygen . 
 but no . 
 i was breathing the oxygen . 
 when i was inhaling , i made a nearly airtight seal with the mask by sucking it to my face . 
 the problem was the exhale . 
 do you know how much oxygen you absorb out of the air when you take a normal breath ? 
 i do n't know either , but it 's not 100 % . 
 with every breath , i was taking in oxygen , my lungs grabbed some of it , then i was breathing it out into the hab . 
 every time i exhaled , i added more oxygen to the system . 
 it just did n't occur to me . 
 but it should have . 
 if your lungs grabbed up all the oxygen , mouth-to-mouth resuscitation would n't work . 
 i 'm such a dumb-ass for not thinking of it ! 
 and my dumbassery almost got me killed ! 
 i 'm really going to have to be more careful . 
 it 's a good thing i burned off most of the hydrogen before the explosion . 
 otherwise that would have been the end . 
 as it is , the explosion was n't strong enough to pop the hab . 
 though it was strong enough to almost blast my eardrums in . 
 the water reclaimer did its job last night and pulled another 50l of water out of the air . 
 long ago before hydrogen became the focus of my life , my problem was the 60l shortfall in water production . 
 50l of it is now in lewis 's spacesuit , which i 'll call `` the cistern '' from now on because it sounds cooler . 
 the other 10l of water was absorbed by the dry soil . 
 lots of physical labor today . 
 i 've earned a full meal . 
 and to celebrate my first night back in the hab , i 'll kick back and watch some shitty 20th century tv courtesy of commander lewis . 
 `` the dukes of hazzard , '' eh ? 
 let 's give it a whirl . 
 log entry : sol 42 i slept in late today . 
 i deserved it . 
 after four nights of awful sleep in the rover , my bunk felt like the softest , most profoundly beautiful featherbed ever made . 
 anyway , i dragged my ass out of bed and finished some post-explosion cleanup . 
 i moved the potato plants back in today . 
 and just in time , too . 
 they 're sprouting . 
 they look healthy and happy . 
 this is n't chemistry , medicine , bacteriology , nutrition analysis , explosion dynamics , or any other shit i 've been doing lately , this is botany . 
 i 'm sure i can at least grow some plants without fucking up . 
 right ? 
 you know what really sucks ? 
 i 've only made 130l of water . 
 i have another 470l to go . 
 you 'd think after almost killing myself twice , i 'd stop screwing around with hydrazine . 
 but nope . 
 i 'll be reducing hydrazine and burning hydrogen in the hab , every 10 hours , for another 10 days . 
 let 's hope i do a better job of it from now on . 
 i 'll have a lot of dead time . 
 10 hours for each tank of c02 to finish filling . 
 it only takes 20 minutes to reduce the hydrazine and burn the hydrogen . 
 i 'll spend the rest of the time watching tv . 
 and seriously ... it 's clear the general lee can outrun a police cruiser . 
 why does n't roscoe just go to the duke farm and arrest them when they 're not in the car ? 
 chapter 6 venkat returned to his office , dropped his briefcase on the floor , and collapsed into his leather chair . 
 he took a moment to look out the windows at his scenic view of the johnson space center . 
 glancing at his computer screen , he noted 47 unread emails urgently demanding his attention . 
 they could wait . 
 today had been a sad day . 
 today was the memorial service for mark watney . 
 the president had given a speech , praising watney 's bravery and sacrifice , and the quick actions of commander lewis in getting everyone else to safety . 
 commander lewis and the surviving crew , via long range communication from hermes , gave eulogies to their departed comrade from deep space . 
 they had another ten months of travel yet to endure . 
 the director had given a speech as well , reminding everyone that space flight is incredibly dangerous , and how we will not back down in the face of adversity . 
 during preparation for the service , they 'd asked venkat if he was willing to make a speech . 
 he 'd declined . 
 what was the point ? 
 watney was dead . 
 nice words form the director of mars missions would n't bring him back . 
 `` you ok , venk ? '' 
 came a voice from the doorway . 
 venkat swiveled around . 
 `` guess so , '' he said . 
 `` you could have given a speech . '' 
 `` i did n't want to . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 i did n't want to , either . 
 but i 'm the director of nasa . 
 it 's kind of expected . 
 you sure you 're ok ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` good , '' teddy said , walking in . 
 `` let 's get back to work , then . '' 
 `` sure , '' venkat shrugged . 
 `` let 's start with you authorizing my satellite time . '' 
 teddy leaned against the wall with a sigh . 
 `` this again . '' 
 `` yes , '' venkat said . 
 `` this again . 
 what is the problem ? '' 
 `` ok , run me through it . 
 what , exactly , are you after ? '' 
 venkat leaned forward . 
 `` ares 3 was a failure , but we can salvage something from it . 
 we 're funded for five ares missions . 
 i think we can get congress to fund a sixth . '' 
 `` i do n't know , venk ... '' `` it 's simple , teddy , '' venkat pressed on . 
 `` they evac 'd after six sols . 
 there 's almost an entire mission worth of supplies up there . 
 it would only cost a fraction of a normal mission . 
 it normally takes 14 presupply probes to prep a site . 
 we might be able to send what 's missing in three . 
 maybe two . '' 
 `` venk , the site got hit by a 175 km/h sandstorm . 
 it 'll be in really bad shape . '' 
 `` that 's why i want imagery , '' venkat explained . 
 `` i just need a couple of shots of the site . 
 we could learn a lot . '' 
 `` like what ? 
 you think we 'd send people to mars without being sure everything was in perfect working order ? '' 
 `` everything does n't have to be perfect , '' venkat said quickly . 
 `` whatever 's broken , we 'd send replacements for . 
 the only thing that needs to work is the mav . 
 and we 'd have to send a fresh one anyway . '' 
 `` how will we know from imagery what 's broken ? '' 
 `` it 's just a first step . 
 they evac 'd because the wind was a threat to the mav , but the hab can withstand a lot more punishment . 
 it might still be in one piece . 
 `` and it 'll be really obvious . 
 if it popped , it 'd completely blow out and collapse . 
 if it 's still standing , then everything inside will be fine . 
 and the rovers are solid . 
 they can take any sandstorm mars has to offer . 
 just let me take a look , teddy , that 's all i want . '' 
 teddy looked down , `` you 're not the only guy who wants satellite time , you know . 
 we have ares 4 supply missions coming up . 
 we need to concentrate on schiaparelli crater . '' 
 `` i do n't get it , teddy . 
 what 's the problem here ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` i 'm talking about securing us another mission . 
 we have 12 satellites in orbit around mars , i 'm sure you can spare one or two for a couple of hours . 
 i can give you the windows for each one when they 'll be at the right angle for ares 3 shots - '' `` it 's not about satellite time , venk , '' teddy interrupted . 
 venkat froze . 
 `` then ... but ... what ... '' teddy looked down . 
 `` we 're a public domain organization . 
 there 's no such thing as secret or secure information here . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` any imagery we take goes directly to the public . '' 
 `` again : so ? '' 
 `` mark watney 's body will be within a twenty meters of the hab . 
 maybe partially buried in sand , but still very visible , and with a comm antenna sticking out of his chest . 
 any images we take will show that . '' 
 venkat stared . 
 then glared . 
 `` this is why you denied my imagery requests for two months ? '' 
 `` venk , come on - '' `` really , teddy ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` you 're afraid of a pr problem ? '' 
 `` the media 's obsession with watney 's death is finally starting to taper off , '' teddy said evenly . 
 `` it 's been bad press after bad press for two months . 
 today 's memorial gives people closure , and the media can move on to some other story . 
 the last thing we want to do is dredge everything back up . '' 
 `` so what do we do , then ? 
 he 's not going to decompose . 
 he 'll be there forever . '' 
 `` not forever , '' teddy said . 
 `` within a year , he 'll be covered in sand from normal weather activity . '' 
 `` a year ? '' 
 venkat said , rising to his feet . 
 `` that 's ludicrous . 
 we ca n't wait a year for this . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 ares 5 wo n't even launch for another five years . 
 plenty of time . '' 
 venkat took a deep breath and thought for a moment . 
 `` ok , consider this , '' he said . 
 `` sympathy for watney 's family is really high . 
 ares 6 could bring the body back . 
 we do n't say that 's the purpose of the mission , but we make it clear that would be part of it . 
 if we framed it that way , we 'd get more support in congress . 
 but not if we wait a year . 
 in a year , people wo n't care any more . '' 
 teddy rubbed his chin . 
 `` hmm ... '' mindy stared at the ceiling . 
 she had little else to do . 
 the 3am shift was pretty dull . 
 only a constant stream of coffee kept her awake . 
 monitoring the status of satellites around mars sounded like an exciting proposition when she took the transfer . 
 but the satellites tended to take care of themselves . 
 her job turned out to be sending emails as imagery became available . 
 `` master 's degree in mechanical engineering , '' she grumbled to herself . 
 `` and i 'm working in an all-night photo booth . '' 
 she sipped her coffee . 
 a flicker on her screen announced another set of images were ready for dispatch . 
 she checked the name on the work order . 
 venkat kapoor . 
 posting the data directly to internal servers , she composed an email to dr. kapoor . 
 as she entered the latitude and longitude of the image , she recognized the numbers . 
 `` 31.2 on , 28.5 ow ... acidalia planitia ... ares 3 ? '' 
 out of curiosity , she brought up the first of the 17 images . 
 as she suspected , it was the ares 3 site . 
 she 'd heard they were going to image it . 
 slightly ashamed of herself , she scoured the image for any sign on mark watney 's dead body . 
 after a minute of fruitless searching , she was simultaneously relieved and disappointed . 
 she moved on to perusing the rest of the image . 
 the hab was intact ; dr. kapoor would be happy to see that . 
 she brought the coffee mug to her lips , then froze . 
 `` um ... '' she mumbled to herself . 
 `` uhhh ... '' quickly bringing up the nasa intranet , she navigated through the site to the specifics of the ares missions . 
 after some quick research , she picked up her phone . 
 `` hey , this is mindy park at satcon . 
 i need the mission logs for ares 3 , where can i get 'em ? 
 ... uh huh ... uh-huh ... ok ... thanks . '' 
 after some more time on the intranet , she leaned back in her seat . 
 she no longer needed the coffee to keep awake . 
 picking up the phone again , `` hello , security ? 
 this is mindy park in satcon . 
 i need the emergency contact number for dr. venkat kapoor ... yes , the director of mars missions ... yes it 's and emergency . '' 
 mindy fidgeted in her seat as venkat trudged in . 
 `` you mindy park ? '' 
 he asked , looking mildly annoyed . 
 `` yeah , '' she quavered . 
 `` sorry to drag you in . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming you had a good reason . 
 so ? '' 
 `` um , '' she said , looking down . 
 `` um , it 's . 
 well . 
 the imagery you ordered . 
 um . 
 come here and look . '' 
 he pulled another chair to her station and seated himself . 
 `` is this about watney 's body ? 
 is that why you 're shook up ? '' 
 `` um , no , '' she said . 
 `` um . 
 well ... uh . '' 
 she pointed to the screen . 
 venkat inspected the image . 
 `` looks like the hab 's in one piece . 
 that 's good news . 
 solar array looks good . 
 the rovers are ok , too . 
 main dish is n't around . 
 no surprise there . 
 what 's the big emergency ? '' 
 `` um , '' she said , touching her finger to the screen . 
 `` that . '' 
 venkat leaned in and looked closer . 
 just below the hab , beside the rovers , two white circles sat in the sand . 
 `` hmm . 
 looks like hab canvas . 
 maybe the hab did n't do well after all ? 
 i guess pieces got torn off and - '' `` um , '' she interrupted . 
 `` they look like rover pop-tents . '' 
 venkat looked again . 
 `` hmm . 
 probably right . '' 
 `` how 'd they get set up ? '' 
 mindy asked . 
 venkat shrugged . 
 `` commander lewis probably ordered them deployed during the evac . 
 not a bad idea . 
 have the emergency shelters ready in case the mav did n't work and the hab breached . '' 
 `` yeah , um , '' mindy said , opening a document on her computer . 
 `` this is the entire mission log for sols 1 through 6 . 
 from mdv touchdown to mav emergency liftoff . '' 
 `` ok , and ? '' 
 `` i read through it . 
 several times . 
 they never threw out the pop tents . '' 
 her voice cracked at the last word . 
 `` well , uh ... '' venkat said , puzzled . 
 `` they obviously did , but it did n't make it in to the log . '' 
 `` they activated two emergency pop tents and never told anyone ? '' 
 `` hmm . 
 that does n't make a lot of sense , no . 
 maybe the storm messed with the rovers and the tents autodeployed . '' 
 `` um , '' mindy stammered , `` so after autodeploying , they detached themselves from the rovers and lined up next to each other 20 meters away ? '' 
 venkat looked back to the image . 
 `` well obviously they activated somehow . '' 
 `` why are the solar cells clean ? '' 
 mindy said , tears forming . 
 `` there was a huge sandstorm . 
 why is n't there sand all over them ? '' 
 `` a good wind could have done it ? '' 
 venkat said , unsure . 
 `` did i mention i never found watney 's body ? '' 
 she said , sniffling . 
 venkat 's eyes widened as he stared at the picture . 
 `` oh ... '' he said quietly . 
 `` oh god ... '' mindy put her hands over her face and sobbed quietly . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 director of media relations annie montrose said . 
 `` you have got to be fucking kidding me ! '' 
 teddy rubbed his forehead . 
 `` how sure are we of this ? '' 
 `` nearly 100 % , '' venkat said . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 annie said . 
 `` not helping , annie , '' teddy said . 
 `` do you have any idea the magnitude of shitstorm this is gon na ' be ? '' 
 she retorted . 
 `` one thing at a time , '' teddy said . 
 `` venk , what makes you sure he 's alive ? '' 
 `` for starters , no body . '' 
 venkat explained . 
 `` also , the pop-tents are set up . 
 and the solar cells are clean . 
 you can thank mindy park in satcon for noticing all that , by the way . 
 `` but , '' venkat continued , `` his body could have been buried in the sol 6 storm . 
 the pop tents might have autodeployed and wind could have blown them around . 
 a 30km/h windstorm some time later would be strong enough to clean the solar cells but not strong enough to carry sand . 
 it 's not likely , but it 's possible . 
 `` so i spent the last few hours checking everything i could . 
 commander lewis had two outings in rover 2 . 
 the second was on sol 5 . 
 according to the logs , after returning , she plugged it in to the hab for recharging . 
 it was n't used again , and 13 hours later they evac 'd . '' 
 he slid a picture across the table to teddy . 
 `` that 's one of the images from last night . 
 as you can see , rover 2 is facing away from the hab . 
 the charging port is in the nose , and the cable is n't long enough to reach . '' 
 teddy frowned . 
 `` she must have parked it facing the hab or she would n't have been able to plug it in , '' he said . 
 `` it 's been moved since sol 5 . '' 
 `` yeah , '' venkat said , sliding another picture to teddy . 
 `` but here 's the real evidence . 
 in the lower right of the image you can see the mdv . 
 it 's been taken apart . 
 i 'm pretty sure they would n't have done that without telling us . 
 `` and the clincher is on the right of the image , '' venkat pointed . 
 `` the landing struts of the mav . 
 looks like the fuel plant has been completely removed , with considerable damage to the struts in the process . 
 there 's just no way that could have happened before liftoff . 
 it would endanger the mav way too much for lewis to allow it . '' 
 `` hey , '' annie interrupted . 
 `` why not talk to lewis ? 
 let 's go to capcom and ask her this shit directly . '' 
 venkat looked to teddy knowingly . 
 after a few moments , teddy sighed . 
 `` because , '' he said . 
 `` if watney really is alive , we do n't want the ares 3 crew to know . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 annie said . 
 `` how can you not tell them ? '' 
 `` they have another ten months on their trip home , '' teddy explained . 
 `` space travel is dangerous . 
 they need to be alert and undistracted . 
 they 're sad that they lost a crewmate , but they 'd be devastated if they found out they 'd abandoned him alive . '' 
 annie looked to venkat . 
 `` you 're on board with this ? '' 
 `` it 's a no-brainer , '' venkat said . 
 `` let 'em deal with that emotional trauma when they 're not flying a spaceship around . '' 
 `` this 'll be the most talked-about event since apollo 11 , '' annie said . 
 `` how will you keep it from them ? '' 
 teddy shrugged . 
 `` easy . 
 we control all communication with them . '' 
 `` fuck , '' annie said , opening her laptop . 
 `` when do you want to go public ? '' 
 `` what 's your take , '' he asked . 
 `` mmm , '' annie said , `` we can hold the pics for 24 hours before we 're required to make them public . 
 we 'll need to release a statement along with them . 
 we do n't want people working it out on their own . 
 we 'd look like assholes . '' 
 `` ok , '' teddy agreed , `` put together a statement . '' 
 `` this is so fucked up , '' she said . 
 `` where do we go from here ? '' 
 teddy asked venkat . 
 `` step one is communication , '' venkat said . 
 `` from the pics , it 's clear the comm array is ruined . 
 we need another way to talk . 
 once we can talk , we can assess and make plans . '' 
 `` all right , '' teddy said . 
 `` get on it . 
 take anyone you want for any department . 
 use as much overtime as you want . 
 find a way to talk to him . 
 that 's your only job right now . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` annie , make sure nobody gets wind of this till we announce . '' 
 `` right , '' annie said . 
 `` who else knows ? '' 
 `` just the three of us and mindy park in satcon , '' venkat said . 
 `` i 'll have a word with her , '' annie said . 
 teddy stood and opened his cell phone . 
 `` i 'm going to chicago . 
 i 'll be back later today . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` that 's where watney 's parents live , '' teddy said . 
 `` i owe them a personal explanation before it breaks on the news . '' 
 `` they 'll be happy to hear their son 's alive , '' annie said . 
 `` yeah , he 's alive , '' teddy said . 
 `` but if my math is right , he 's doomed to starve to death before we can possibly help him . 
 i 'm not looking forward to the conversation . '' 
 `` fuck , '' annie said , thoughtfully . 
 `` nothing ? 
 nothing at all ? '' 
 venkat groaned . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 you had 20 experts working for 12 hours on this . 
 we have a multi-billion dollar communication network . 
 you ca n't figure out any way to talk to him ? '' 
 the two men in venkat 's office fidgeted in their chairs . 
 `` he 's got no radio , '' said chuck . 
 `` actually , '' said morris , `` he 's got a radio , but he does n't have a dish . '' 
 `` thing is , '' chuck continued , `` without the dish , a signal would have to be really strong - '' `` like , melting-the-pigeons strong - '' morris supplied . '' 
 - for him to get it . '' 
 chuck finished . 
 `` we considered martian satellites , '' morris said . 
 `` they 're way closer . 
 but the math does n't work out . 
 even supersurveyor 3 , which has the strongest transmitter , would need to be 14 times more powerful - '' `` 17 times , '' chuck said . 
 `` 14 times , '' morris asserted . 
 `` no it 's 17 . 
 you forgot the amperage minimum for the heaters to keep the - '' `` guys , '' venkat interrupted . 
 `` i get the idea . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` sorry if i 'm grumpy , '' venkat said . 
 `` i got like 2 hours sleep last night . '' 
 `` no problem , '' morris said . 
 `` totally understandable , '' chuck said . 
 `` ok , '' venkat said . 
 `` explain to me how a single windstorm removed our ability to talk to ares 3 . '' 
 `` failure of imagination , '' chuck said . 
 `` totally did n't see it coming , '' morris agreed . 
 `` how many back-up communication systems does an ares mission have ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` four , '' chuck said . 
 `` three , '' morris said . 
 `` no , it 's four , '' chuck corrected . 
 `` he said back-up systems , '' morris insisted . 
 `` that means not including the primary system . '' 
 `` oh right . 
 three . '' 
 `` so four systems total , then , '' venkat said . 
 `` explain how we lost all four . '' 
 `` well , '' chuck said , `` the primary ran through the big satellite dish . 
 it blew away in the storm . 
 the rest of the backups were the mav . '' 
 `` yup , '' morris agreed . 
 `` the mav is , like , a communicating machine . 
 it can talk to earth , hermes , even satellites around mars if it has to . 
 and it has three independent systems to make sure nothing short of a meteor strike can stop communication . '' 
 `` problem is , '' chuck said . 
 `` commander lewis and the rest of them took the mav when they left . '' 
 `` so four independent communication systems became one . 
 and that one broke , '' morris finished . 
 venkat pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` how could we overlook this ? '' 
 chuck shrugged . 
 `` never occurred to us . 
 we never thought someone would be on mars without an mav . '' 
 `` i mean , come on ! '' 
 morris said . 
 `` what are the odds ? '' 
 chuck turned to him . 
 `` one in three , based on empirical data . 
 that 's pretty bad if you think about it . '' 
 `` thank you all for coming on such short notice , '' annie said . 
 `` we have an important announcement to make . 
 if you could all take your seats , '' `` what this about , annie ? '' 
 a reporter asked . 
 `` something happen with hermes ? '' 
 `` please take your seats , '' annie repeated . 
 the reporters mingled a bit , argued over seats for a short time , then finally settled down . 
 `` this is a short , but very important announcement , '' annie said . 
 `` i wo n't be taking any questions at this time , but we will have a full press conference with qanda in about an hour . 
 we have recently reviewed satellite imagery from mars , and have confirmed that astronaut mark watney is , currently , still alive . '' 
 after one full second of utter silence , the room exploded with noise . 
 `` i 'm getting sick of daily press conferences , '' venkat said . 
 `` i 'm getting sick of hourly press conferences , '' annie countered . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' teddy said , entering the crowded press room . 
 managers from every department stood shoulder to shoulder in the back , while reporters crammed the pit . 
 teddy pulled some flash cards from his pocket , then cleared his throat . 
 `` in the nine days since announcing mark watney 's survival , we 're received a massive show of support from all sectors . 
 we 're using this shamelessly every way we can . '' 
 a small chuckle cascaded through the room . 
 `` yesterday , at our request , the entire seti network focused on mars . 
 just in case watney was sending a weak radio signal . 
 turns out he was n't , but it shows the level of commitment everyone has toward helping us . 
 `` the public is engaged , and we will do our best to keep everyone informed . 
 i 've recently learned cnn will be dedicating a half-hour segment every weekday to reporting on just this issue . 
 we will assign several members of our media relations team to that program , so the public can get the latest information as fast as possible . 
 `` we have adjusted the orbits of three satellites to get more view time on the ares 3 site , and hope to catch an image of him outside soon . 
 if we can see him outside , we will be able to draw conclusions on his physical health based on stance and activities . 
 `` the questions are many : how long can he last ? 
 how much food does he have ? 
 can ares 4 rescue him ? 
 how will we talk to him ? 
 the answers to these questions are not what we want to hear . 
 `` i ca n't promise we 'll succeed in rescuing him , but i can promise this : the entire focus of nasa will be to bring mark watney home . 
 this will be our overriding and singular obsession until he is either back on earth , or confirmed dead on mars . '' 
 `` nice speech , '' venkat said as he entered teddy 's office . 
 `` meant every word of it , '' teddy said . 
 `` oh , i know . '' 
 `` what can i do for you , venk ? '' 
 `` i 've got an idea . 
 well , jpl has an idea . 
 i 'm the messenger . '' 
 `` i like ideas , '' teddy said , gesturing to a seat . 
 venkat sat down . 
 `` we can rescue him with ares 4 . 
 it 's very risky . 
 we ran the idea by the ares 4 crew . 
 not only are they willing to do it , but now they 're really pushing hard for it . '' 
 `` naturally , '' teddy said . 
 `` astronauts are inherently insane . 
 and really noble . 
 what 's the idea ? '' 
 `` well , '' venkat began , `` it 's in the rough stages , but jpl thinks the mdv can be misused to save him . '' 
 `` ares 4 has n't even launched yet . 
 why misuse an mdv . 
 why not make something better ? '' 
 `` we do n't have time to make a custom craft . 
 actually , he ca n't even survive till ares 4 gets there , but that 's a different problem . '' 
 `` so tell me about the mdv . '' 
 `` jpl strips it down , loses some weight , and adds some fuel tanks . 
 ares 4 's crew lands at the ares 3 site , very efficiently . 
 then , with a full burn , and i mean a full burn , they can lift off again . 
 it ca n't get back to orbit , but it can go to the ares 4 site on a lateral trajectory that 's , well , really scary . 
 then they have an mav . 
 this would require a massive design and construction effort , but jpl says they can make it happen . '' 
 `` how are they losing weight ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` do n't they already have it as light as it can be ? '' 
 `` by removing safety and emergency equipment . '' 
 `` wonderful , '' teddy said , `` so we 'd be risking the lives of six more people in a very dangerous landing , re-liftoff , re-landing process . '' 
 `` yup , '' venkat said . 
 `` it would be safer to leave the ares 4 crew in hermes , and only send the pilot down with the mdv . 
 but that would mean giving up the mission and they 'd rather risk death . '' 
 `` they 're astronauts , '' teddy said . 
 `` they 're astronauts , '' venkat confirmed . 
 `` well . 
 that 's a ludicrous idea and i 'll never ok it . '' 
 `` we 'll work on it some more , '' venkat said . 
 `` try to make it safer . '' 
 `` do that . 
 any idea how to keep him alive for four years ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` work on that , too . '' 
 `` will do , '' venkat said . 
 teddy swiveled his chair and looked out the window to the sky beyond . 
 night was edging in . 
 `` what must it be like ? '' 
 he pondered . 
 `` he 's stuck out there . 
 he thinks he 's totally alone and that we all gave up on him . 
 what kind of effect does that have on a man 's psychology ? '' 
 he turned back to venkat . 
 `` i wonder what he 's thinking right now . '' 
 log entry : sol 61 how come aquaman can control whales ? 
 they 're mammals ! 
 makes no sense . 
 chapter 7 log entry : sol 63 i finished making water some time ago . 
 i 'm no longer in danger of blowing myself up . 
 the potatoes are growing nicely . 
 nothing has conspired to kill me in weeks . 
 and ' 70 's tv keeps me disturbingly more entertained than it should . 
 things are stable here on mars . 
 it 's time to start thinking long term . 
 even if i find a way to tell nasa i 'm alive , there 's no guarantee they 'll be able to save me . 
 i need to be proactive . 
 i need to figure out how to get to ares 4 . 
 wo n't be easy . 
 ares 4 will be landing at the schiaparelli crater , 3,200 km away . 
 in fact , their mav is already there . 
 i know because i watched martinez land it . 
 it takes 18 months for the mav to make its fuel , so it 's the first thing nasa sends along . 
 sending it 48 months early gives it plenty of extra time in case fuel reactions go slower than expected . 
 but much more importantly , it means a precision soft-landing can be done remotely by a pilot in orbit . 
 direct remote operation from houston is n't an option ; they 're anywhere from 4 to 20 light-minutes away . 
 ares 4 's mav spent 11 months getting to mars . 
 using less fuel and taking a longer route , it got there around the same time as us . 
 as expected , martinez landed it beautifully . 
 it was one of the last things we did before piling in to our mdv and heading to the surface . 
 ahh , the good old days , when i had a crew with me . 
 i 'm lucky . 
 3,200 km is n't that bad . 
 it could have been up to 10,000 km away . 
 and because i 'm on the flattest part of mars , the first 650km is nice , smooth terrain -lrb- yay acidalia planitia ! -rrb- 
 but the rest of it is nasty , rugged , crater-pocked hell . 
 obviously , i 'll have to use a rover . 
 and guess what ? 
 they were n't designed for massive overland journeys . 
 this is going to be a research effort , with a bunch of experimentation . 
 i 'll have to become my own little nasa , figuring out how to explore far from the hab . 
 the good news is i have lots of time to figure it out . 
 almost 4 years . 
 some stuff is obvious . 
 i 'll need to use a rover . 
 it 'll take a long time , so i 'll need to bring supplies . 
 i 'll need to recharge en-route , and rovers do n't have solar cells . 
 i 'll need to steal some from the hab 's solar farm . 
 during the trip i 'll need to breathe , eat , and drink . 
 lucky for me , the tech specs for everything are right here in the computer . 
 i 'll need to trick out a rover . 
 basically it 'll have to be a mobile hab . 
 i 'll pick rover 2 as my target . 
 we have a certain bond , after i spent two days in it during the `` great hydrogen scare of sol 37 . '' 
 there 's too much shit to think about all at once . 
 so for now , i 'll just think about power . 
 our mission had a 10km operational radius . 
 knowing we would n't take straight-line paths , nasa designed the rovers to go 35km on a full charge . 
 that presumes flat , reasonable terrain . 
 each rover has a 9000wh battery . 
 step one is to loot rover 1 's battery and install it in rover 2 . 
 ta-daa ! 
 i just doubled my full-charge range . 
 there 's just one complication . 
 heating . 
 part of the battery power goes to heating the rover . 
 mars is really cold . 
 normally , we were expected to do all evas in under 5 hours . 
 but i 'll be living in it 24and a half hours a day . 
 according to the specs , the heating equipment soaks up 400w . 
 keeping it on would eat up 9800wh per day . 
 over half my power supply , every day ! 
 but i do have a free source of heat : me . 
 a couple million years of evolution gave me `` warm blooded '' technology . 
 i can wear layers . 
 the rover has good insulation , too . 
 it 'll have to be enough ; i need every bit of power . 
 and because i need to bundle up anyway , i can deactivate the heater outright and use all the power for motion -lrb- minus a negligible amount for computer , life support , etc. -rrb- according to my boring math , moving the rover eats 200wh of juice to go 1km , so using the full 18,000 wh gets me 90km of travel . 
 now we 're talkin ' . 
 i 'll never actually get 90km on a single charge . 
 i 'll have hills to deal with , and rough terrain , sand , etc. . 
 but it 's a good ballpark . 
 it tells me that it would take at least 35 days of travel to get to ares 4 . 
 it 'll probably be more like 50 . 
 but that 's plausible , at least . 
 at the rover 's blazing 25kph top speed , it 'll take me 3and a half hours before i run the battery down . 
 i 'd like to charge the battery up during the rest of the day . 
 i can drive in twilight , and save the sunny part of the day for charging . 
 this time of year i get about 13 hours of light . 
 how many solar cells will i have to pilfer from the hab 's farm ? 
 thanks to the fine taxpayers of america , i have over 100 of square meters of the most expensive solar paneling ever made . 
 it has an astounding 10.2 % efficiency , which is good because mars does n't get as much sunlight as earth . 
 only 500 to 700 watts per square meter -lrb- compared to the 1400 those spoiled earthlings get -rrb- . 
 long story short : i need to bring 28 square meters of solar cell . 
 that 's 14 panels . 
 i can put two stacks of 7 on the roof . 
 they 'll stick out over the edges , but as long as they 're secure i 'm happy . 
 every day , after driving , i 'll spread them out then ... wait all day . 
 man it 'll be dull . 
 well it 's a start . 
 tomorrow 's mission : transfer rover 1 's battery to rover 2 . 
 log entry : sol 64 sometimes things are easy , and sometimes they 're not . 
 getting the battery out of rover 1 was easy . 
 i removed two clamps on the undercarriage and it dropped right out . 
 the cabling is easy to detach , too . 
 it 's just a couple of complicated plugs . 
 attaching it to rover 2 , however , is another story . 
 there 's nowhere to put it ! 
 the things is huge . 
 i was barely able to drag it . 
 and that 's in mars gravity . 
 it 's just too big . 
 there 's no room in the undercarriage for a second one . 
 there 's no room on the roof , either . 
 that 's where the solar cells will go . 
 there 's no room inside the cabin , and it would n't fit through the airlock anyway . 
 but fear not , i found a solution . 
 for emergencies completely unrelated to this one , nasa provided 6 square meters of hab canvas , and some really impressive resin . 
 the same kind of resin , in fact , that saved my life on sol 6 -lrb- the patch kit i used on the hole in my suit -rrb- . 
 in the event of a hab breach , everyone would run to the airlocks . 
 procedure was to let it pop rather than die trying to prevent it . 
 then , we 'd suit up and assess the damage . 
 once we found the breach , we 'd seal it with the spare hab canvas and resin . 
 then re-inflate and we 're good as new . 
 the 6 square meters of spare canvas was a convenient 1x6 meters . 
 i cut 10cm wide strips , then used them to make a sort of harness . 
 i used the resin and straps to make two 10m circumference loops . 
 then i put a big patch of canvas on each end . 
 i now had poor-man 's saddlebags for my rover . 
 this is getting more and more `` wagon train '' every day . 
 the resin sets almost instantly . 
 but it gets stronger if you wait an hour . 
 so i did . 
 then i suited up and headed out to the rover . 
 i dragged the battery to the side of the rover and looped one end of the harness around it . 
 then i threw the other end over the roof . 
 on the other side , i filled it with rocks . 
 when the two weights were roughly equal , i was able to pull the rocks down and bring the battery up . 
 yay ! 
 unplugging rover 2 's battery , i plugged in rover 1 's . 
 then i went through the airlock to the rover and checked all systems . 
 everything was a-ok . 
 i drove the rover around a bit to make sure the harness was secure . 
 i found a few large-ish rocks to drive over , just to shake things up . 
 the harness held . 
 hell yeah . 
 for a short time , i wondered how to splice the second battery 's leads into the main power supply . 
 my conclusion was `` fuck it . '' 
 there 's no need to have a continuous power supply . 
 when battery 1 runs out , i can get out , unplug battery 1 and plug in battery 2 . 
 why not ? 
 it 's a 10 minute eva , once per day . 
 i 'd have to swap batteries again when charging , but again : so what ? 
 i spent the rest of the day sweeping off the solar cell farm . 
 soon , i shall be looting it . 
 log entry : sol 65 the solar cells were a lot easier to manage than the battery . 
 they 're thin , light , and just laying around on the ground . 
 and i had one additional bonus : i was the one who set them up in the first place . 
 well , ok . 
 it was n't just me . 
 vogel and i worked together on it . 
 and boy did we drill on it . 
 we spent almost an entire week drilling on the solar array alone . 
 then we drilled more whenever they figured we had spare time . 
 it had been deemed mission critical . 
 if we fucked it up and broke the cells or rendered them useless , the hab would n't be able to make power , and the mission would end . 
 you might wonder what the rest of the crew were doing . 
 they were setting up the hab . 
 remember , everything in my glorious kingdom came here in boxes . 
 we had to set it up on sols 1 and 2 . 
 each solar cell is on a lightweight lattice that holds it at a 14 degree angle . 
 i 'll admit i do n't know why it 's a 14 degree angle . 
 something about maximizing solar energy . 
 anyway , removing the cells was simple . 
 then it was time to stack them on the rover . 
 i considered removing the rock sample container . 
 it 's nothing more than a large canvas bag attached to the roof . 
 way too small to hold the solar cells . 
 but after some thought i left it there , figuring it 'll provide a good cushion . 
 the cells stacked well -lrb- they were made to , for transport to mars -rrb- , and the two stacks sat nicely on the roof . 
 they hung over the left and right edges , but i wo n't be going through any tunnels so i do n't care . 
 with some more abuse of the emergency hab material , i made straps and tied the cells down . 
 the rover has external handles near the front and back . 
 they 're there to help us load rocks on the roof . 
 they made perfect anchor points for the straps . 
 i stood back and admired my work . 
 hey , i earned it . 
 it was n't even noon and i was done . 
 i came back to the hab , had some lunch , and worked on my crops for the rest of the sol . 
 it 's been 39 sols since i planted the potatoes -lrb- which is about 40 earth days -rrb- , and it was time to reap and re-sow . 
 they grew even better than i had expected . 
 mars has no insects , parasites , or blights to deal with , and the hab maintains perfect growing temperature and moisture at all times . 
 they were small compared to the taters you 'd usually eat , but that 's fine . 
 all i wanted was enough to support growing new plants . 
 i dug them up , being careful to leave their plants alive . 
 then i cut them up in to small pieces with one eye each , and re-seeded in to new dirt . 
 if they keep growing this well , i 'll be able to last a good long time here . 
 after all that physical labor , i deserved a break . 
 i rifled through johanssen 's computer today , and found an endless supply of digital books . 
 looks like she 's a big fan of agatha christie . 
 beatles , christie ... i guess johanssen 's an anglophile or something . 
 i remember liking hercule poirot tv specials back when i was a kid . 
 i 'll start with the mysterious affair at styles . 
 looks like that 's the first one . 
 log entry : sol 66 the time has come -lrb- ominous musical crescendo -rrb- for some missions ! 
 nasa gets to name their missions after gods and stuff , so why ca n't i ? 
 henceforth , rover experimental missions will be `` sirius '' missions . 
 get it ? 
 dogs ? 
 well if you do n't , fuck you . 
 sirius 1 will be tomorrow . 
 the mission : starting with fully charged batteries , and having the solar cells on the roof , drive until i run out of power , and see how far i get . 
 i wo n't be an idiot . 
 i 'm not driving directly away from the hab . 
 i 'll drive a half-kilometer stretch , back and forth . 
 i 'll be within a short walk of home all times . 
 tonight , i 'll charge up both batteries so i can be ready for a little test drive tomorrow . 
 i estimate 3and a half hours of driving , so i 'll need to bring fresh co2 filters . 
 and , with the heater off , i 'll wear three layers of clothes . 
 log entry : sol 67 sirius 1 is complete ! 
 more accurately , sirius 1 was aborted after 1 hour . 
 i guess you could call it a `` failure '' but i prefer the term `` learning experience . '' 
 things started out fine . 
 i drove to a nice flat spot a kilometer from the hab , then started going back and forth over a 500m stretch . 
 i quickly realized this would be a crappy test . 
 after a few laps , i had compressed the soil enough to have a solid path . 
 nice , hard ground , which makes for abnormally high energy efficiency . 
 this is nothing like it would be on a long trip . 
 so i shook it up a bit . 
 i drove around randomly , making sure to stay within a kilometer of the hab . 
 a much more realistic test . 
 after an hour , things started to get cold . 
 and i mean really cold . 
 the rover 's always cold when you first get in it . 
 when you have n't disabled the heater it warms up right away . 
 i expected it to be cold , but jesus christ ! 
 i was fine for a while . 
 my own body heat plus three layers of clothing kept me warm and the rover 's insulation is top-notch . 
 the heat that escaped my body just warmed up the interior . 
 but there 's no such thing as perfect insulation , and eventually the heat left to the great outdoors while i got colder and colder . 
 within an hour , i was chattering and numb . 
 enough was enough . 
 there 's no way i could do a long trip like this . 
 the test was over . 
 turning the heater on , i drove straight back to the hab . 
 once i got home , i sulked for a while . 
 all my brilliant plans foiled by thermodynamics . 
 damn you , entropy ! 
 i 'm in a bind . 
 the damn heater will eat half my battery power every day . 
 i could turn it down , i guess . 
 be a little cold but not freezing to death . 
 even then i 'd still lose at least a quarter . 
 this will require some thought . 
 i have to ask myself ... what would hercule poirot do ? 
 i 'll have to put my `` little gray cells '' to work on the problem . 
 log entry : sol 68 well shit . 
 i came up with a solution , but ... remember when i burned rocket fuel in the hab ? 
 this 'll be more dangerous . 
 i 'm going to use the rtg . 
 the rtg -lrb- radioisotope thermoelectric generator -rrb- is a big box of plutonium . 
 but not the kind used in nuclear bombs . 
 no , no . 
 this plutonium is way more dangerous ! 
 plutonium-238 is an incredibly unstable isotope . 
 it 's so radioactive that it will get red hot all by itself . 
 as you can imagine , a material that can literally fry an egg with radiation is kind of dangerous . 
 the rtg houses the plutonium , catches the radiation in the form of heat , and turns it in to electricity . 
 it 's not a reactor . 
 the radiation ca n't be increased or decreased . 
 it 's a purely natural process happening at the atomic level . 
 as long ago as the 1960 's , nasa 's been using rtgs to power unmanned probes . 
 it has lots of advantages over solar power . 
 it 's not affected by storms ; it works day or night ; it 's entirely internal , so you do n't need delicate solar cells all over your probe . 
 but they never used large rtgs on manned missions until the ares program . 
 why not ? 
 it should be pretty fucking obvious why not ! 
 they did n't want to put astronauts next to a glowing hot ball of radioactive death ! 
 i 'm exaggerating a little . 
 the plutonium is inside a bunch of pellets , each one sealed and insulated to prevent radiation leakage even if the outer container is breached . 
 so for the ares program , they took the risk . 
 an ares mission is all about the mav . 
 it 's the single most important component . 
 it 's one of the few systems that ca n't be replaced or worked around . 
 it 's the only component that causes a complete mission scrub if it 's not working . 
 solar cells are great in the short-term , and they 're good for the long-term if you have humans around to clean them . 
 but the mav sits alone for years quietly making fuel , then just kind of hangs out until its crew arrives . 
 even doing nothing , it needs power , so nasa can monitor it remotely and run self checks . 
 the prospect of scrubbing a mission because a solar cell got dirty was unacceptable . 
 they needed a more reliable source of power . 
 so the mav comes equipped with an rtg . 
 it has 2.6 kg of plutonium-238 , which makes almost 1500 watts of heat . 
 it can turn that in to 100 watts of electricity . 
 the mav runs on that until the crew arrive . 
 100 watts is n't enough to keep the heater going , but i do n't care about the electrical output . 
 i want the heat . 
 a 1500 watt heater is so warm i 'll have to tear insulation out of the rover to keep it from getting too hot . 
 as soon as the rovers were un-stowed and activated , commander lewis had the joy of disposing of the rtg . 
 she detached it from the mav , drove 4 km away , and buried it . 
 however safe it may be , it 's still a radioactive core and nasa did n't want it too close to their astronauts . 
 the mission parameters do n't give a specific location to dump the rtg . 
 just `` at least 4km away '' . 
 so i 'll have to find it . 
 i have two things working for me . 
 first , i was assembling solar panels with vogel when commander lewis drove off , and i saw she headed due south . 
 also , she planted a 3 meter pole with a bright green flag on it where she buried it . 
 green shows up extremely well against the martian terrain . 
 it 's made to ward us off , in case we get lost on a rover eva later on . 
 so my plan is : head south 4km , then search around till i see the green flag . 
 having rendered rover 1 unusable , i 'll have to use my mutant rover for the trip . 
 i can make a useful test mission of it . 
 i 'll see how well the battery harness holds up to a real journey , and how well the solar cells do strapped to the roof . 
 i 'll call it sirius 2 . 
 log entry : sol 69 found the rtg . 
 it was n't hard to find . 
 i drove 4km south and saw the flag right away . 
 commander lewis had buried it atop a small hill . 
 she probably wanted to make sure everyone could see the flag , and it worked great ! 
 except instead of avoiding it , i bee-lined to it and dug it up . 
 not exactly what she was going for . 
 it 's a large cylinder with heat-sinks all around it . 
 i could feel the warmth it gave off even through my suit 's gloves . 
 that 's really disconcerting . 
 especially when you know the root cause of the heat is radiation . 
 no point in putting it on the roof ; my plan was to have it in the cabin anyway . 
 so i brought it in with me , turned off the heater , then drove back to the hab . 
 in the 10 minutes it took to get home , even with the heater off , the interior of the rover became an uncomfortably hot 37c . 
 the rtg would definitely be able to keep me warm . 
 the trip also proved my rigging worked . 
 the solar cells and extra battery stayed beautifully in place while traversing 8km of random terrain . 
 i declare sirius 2 to be a successful mission ! 
 i spent the rest of the day vandalizing the interior of the rover . 
 the pressure compartment is made of metal . 
 just inside that is insulation , which is covered by hard plastic . 
 i used a sophisticated method to remove sections of plastic -lrb- hammer -rrb- , then carefully removed the solid foam insulation -lrb- hammer again -rrb- . 
 after tearing out some insulation , i suited up and took the rtg outside . 
 soon , the rover cooled down again , and i brought it back in . 
 i watched as the temperature rose slowly . 
 nowhere near as fast as it had on my trip back from the burial site . 
 i cautiously removed more insulation -lrb- hammer -rrb- and checked again . 
 after a few more cycles of this , i had enough insulation torn out that the rtg could barely keep up with it . 
 in fact , it was a losing battle . 
 over time , heat would slowly leech out . 
 that 's fine . 
 i can turn on the heater for short bursts when necessary . 
 i brought the insulation pieces with me back in to the hab . 
 using advanced construction techniques -lrb- duct tape -rrb- i reassembled some of it into a square . 
 i figure if things got really cold , i could tape that to a bare patch in the rover , and the rtg would be winning the `` heat fight . '' 
 tomorrow , sirius 3 -lrb- which is just sirius 1 again , but without freezing -rrb- log entry : sol 70 today , i write to you from the rover . 
 i 'm halfway-through sirius 3 and things are going well . 
 i set out at first light and drove laps around the hab , trying to stay on untouched ground . 
 the first battery lasted just under two hours . 
 after a quick eva to switch the cables , i got back to driving . 
 when all was said and done , i had driven 81km in 3 hours and 27 minutes . 
 that 's very good ! 
 mind you , the land around the hab is really flat , as is all of acidalia planitia . 
 i have no idea what my efficiency would be on the nastier land en route to ares 4 . 
 i could have gone further , but i need life support while recharging . 
 the co2 gets absorbed through a chemical process , but if the fan that pushes it is n't working , i 'll choke . 
 the oxygen pump is also kind of important . 
 i set up the solar cells . 
 it was hard work ; last time i had vogel 's help . 
 they are n't heavy , but they 're awkward . 
 after setting up half of them , i figured out i could drag them rather than carry them and that sped things up . 
 now i 'm just waiting for the batteries to recharge . 
 i 'm bored , so i 'm updating the log . 
 i have all the poirot books in my computer . 
 that 'll help . 
 it 's going to take 12 hours to recharge , after all . 
 what 's that , you say ? 
 12 hours is wrong ? 
 i said 13 hours earlier ? 
 well , my friend , let me set you straight . 
 the rtg is a generator . 
 it 's a paltry amount of power , compared to what the rover consumes , but it 's not nothing . 
 it 's 100 watts . 
 it 'll cut an hour off my total recharge time . 
 why not use it ? 
 i wonder what nasa would think about me fucking with the rtg like this . 
 they 'd probably hide under their desks and cuddle their slide-rules for comfort . 
 log entry : sol 71 as predicted , it took 12 hours to charge the batteries to full . 
 i came straight home . 
 time to make plans for sirius 4 . 
 and i think it 'll be a multi-day field trip . 
 looks like power and battery recharging is solved . 
 food 's not a problem ; there 's plenty of space to store things . 
 water 's even easier than food . 
 i need 2l per day to be comfortable . 
 in the long term , i 'll need to bring the oxygenator . 
 but it 's big and i do n't want to screw with it right now . 
 so i 'll rely on o2 and co2 filters for sirius 4 . 
 co2 is n't a problem . 
 i started this grand adventure with 1500 hours of co2 filters , plus another 720 for emergency use . 
 all systems use standard filters -lrb- apollo 13 taught us important lessons -rrb- . 
 since then , i 've used 131 hours of filter on various evas . 
 i have 2089 left . 
 87 days worth . 
 plenty . 
 the rover was designed to support 3 people for 2 days , plus some reserve for safety . 
 so its o2 tanks can hold enough to last me 7 days . 
 not enough . 
 mars has 1/90th earth 's atmospheric pressure . 
 the inside of the rover has 1 atmosphere . 
 so the oxygen tanks are on the inside -lrb- less pressure differential to deal with -rrb- . 
 why does that matter ? 
 it means i can bring along other oxygen tanks , and equalize them with the rover 's tanks without having to do an eva . 
 so today , i detached one of the hab 's two 25l oxygen tanks and brought it in to the rover . 
 according to nasa , a human needs 588l of oxygen per day to live . 
 compressed liquid o2 is about 1000 times as dense as gaseous o2 in a comfortable atmosphere . 
 long story short : with the hab tank , i have enough o2 to last 42 days . 
 that 'll be plenty . 
 sirius 4 will be a 20 day trip . 
 that may seem a bit long , but i have a specific goal in mind . 
 besides , my trip to ares 4 will be at least 40 days . 
 this is a good scale model . 
 while i 'm away , the hab can take care of itself , but the potatoes are an issue . 
 i 'll saturate the ground with most of the water i have . 
 then , i 'll deactivate the atmospheric regulator , so it does n't pull water out of the air . 
 it 'll be humid as hell , and water will condense on every surface . 
 that 'll keep the potatoes well watered while i 'm away . 
 a bigger problem is co2 . 
 the potatoes need to breathe . 
 i know what you 're thinking . 
 `` mark , old chap ! 
 you produce carbon dioxide ! 
 it 's all part of the majestic circle of nature ! '' 
 the problem is : where will i put it ? 
 sure , i exhale co2 with every breath , but i do n't have any way to store it . 
 i could turn off the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator and just fill the hab with my breath over time . 
 but co2 is deadly to me . 
 i need to release a bunch at once and run away . 
 remember the mav fuel plant ? 
 it collects co2 from the martian atmosphere . 
 my small crops are n't nearly as needy as me , so a 10l tank of compressed liquid co2 , vented in to the hab , will be enough co2 to do the trick . 
 that 'll take less than a day to create . 
 so that 's everything . 
 once i vent the co2 in to the hab , i 'll turn off the atmospheric regulator and oxygenator , dump a ton of water on the crops , and head out . 
 sirius 4 . 
 a huge step forward in my rover research . 
 and i can start tomorrow . 
 chapter 8 `` hello , and thank you for joining us , '' cathy said to the camera . 
 `` today on cnn 's mark watney report : several evas over the past few days ... what do they mean ? 
 what progress has nasa made on a rescue option ? 
 and how will this affect the ares 4 preparations ? 
 `` joining us today is dr. venkat kapoor , director of mars missions for nasa . 
 dr. kapoor , thank you for coming . '' 
 `` a pleasure to be here , cathy , '' venkat said . 
 `` dr. kapoor , '' cathy began , `` mark watney is the most-watched man in the solar system , would n't you say ? '' 
 venkat nodded . 
 `` certainly the most watched by nasa . 
 we have all 12 of our martian satellites taking pictures whenever his site 's in view . 
 the european space agency has both of theirs doing the same . '' 
 `` all told , how often do you get these images ? '' 
 `` every few minutes . 
 sometimes there 's a gap , based on the satellite orbits . 
 but it 's enough that we can track all his eva activities . '' 
 `` tell us about these latest evas . '' 
 `` well , '' venkat began , `` it looks like he 's preparing rover 2 for a long trip . 
 on sol 65 , he took the battery from the other rover and attached it with a homemade sling . 
 the next day , he detached 14 solar cells and stacked them on the rover 's roof . '' 
 `` and then he took a little drive , did n't he ? '' 
 cathy prompted . 
 `` yes he did . 
 sort of aimlessly for an hour , then back to the hab . 
 he was probably testing it . 
 next time we saw him was two days later , when he drove 4km away , then back . 
 another incremental test , we think . 
 then , over the past couple of days , he 's been stocking it up with supplies . '' 
 `` hmm , '' cathy said , `` most analysts think mark 's only hope of rescue is to get to the ares 4 site . 
 do you think he 's come to the same conclusion ? '' 
 `` probably , '' venkat said . 
 `` he does n't know we 're watching . 
 from his point of view , ares 4 is his only hope . '' 
 `` do you think he 's planning to go soon ? 
 he seems to be getting ready for a trip . '' 
 `` i hope not , '' venkat said . 
 `` there 's nothing at the site other than the mav . 
 none of the other presupplies . 
 it would be a very long , very dangerous trip , and he 'd be leaving the safety of the hab behind . '' 
 `` why would he risk it ? '' 
 `` communication , '' venkat said . 
 `` once he reaches the mav , he could contact us . '' 
 `` so that would be a good thing , would n't it ? '' 
 `` communication would be a great thing . 
 but traversing 3,200 km to ares 4 is incredibly dangerous . 
 we 'd rather he stayed put . 
 if we could talk to him , we 'd certainly tell him that . '' 
 `` he ca n't stay put forever , right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` eventually he 'll need to get to the mav . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' venkat said . 
 `` jpl is experimenting with modifications to the mdv so it can make a brief overland flight after landing . '' 
 `` i 'd heard that idea was rejected as being too dangerous , '' cathy said . 
 `` their first proposal was , yes . 
 since then , they 've been working on safer ways to do it . '' 
 `` with only three and a half years before ares 4 's scheduled launch , is there enough time to make and test modifications to the mdv ? '' 
 `` i ca n't answer that for sure . 
 but remember , we made a lunar lander from scratch in seven years . '' 
 `` excellent point , '' cathy smiled . 
 `` so what are his odds right now ? '' 
 `` no idea , '' venkat said . 
 `` but we 're going to do everything we can to bring him home alive . '' 
 `` how 'd i do today ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` eeeh , '' annie said . 
 `` you should n't say things like ` bring him home alive . ' 
 it reminds people he might die . '' 
 `` think they 're going to forget that ? '' 
 `` you asked my opinion . 
 do n't like it ? 
 go fuck yourself . '' 
 `` you 're such a delicate flower , annie . 
 how 'd you end up nasa 's communications director ? '' 
 `` beats the fuck out of me , '' annie said . 
 `` guys , '' said bruce ng , director of jpl . 
 `` i need to catch a flight back to la in three hours . 
 is teddy coming or what ? '' 
 `` quit bitching , bruce , '' annie said . 
 `` none of us want to be here . '' 
 `` so , '' said hermes flight director mitch henderson `` who are you , again ? '' 
 `` um , '' mindy said , `` i 'm mindy park . 
 i work in satcon . '' 
 `` you a director or something ? '' 
 `` no , i just work in satcon . 
 i 'm a nobody . '' 
 venkat looked to mitch `` i put her in charge of tracking watney . 
 she gets us the imagery . '' 
 `` huh , '' said mitch . 
 `` not the director of satcon ? '' 
 `` bob 's got more to deal with than just mars . 
 mindy 's handling all the martian satellites , and keeps them pointed at mark . '' 
 `` why mindy ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` she noticed he was alive in the first place . '' 
 `` she gets a promotion cause she was in the hot seat when the imagery came through ? '' 
 `` no , '' venkat frowned , `` she gets a promotion cause she figured out he was alive . 
 stop being a dick , mitch . 
 you 're making her feel bad . '' 
 mitch looked over to mindy . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 mindy looked at the table and managed to say '' ` k. '' teddy entered the room . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . 
 let 's get started , '' he took his seat . 
 `` venkat , what 's watney 's status ? '' 
 `` alive and well , '' venkat said . 
 `` no change from my email earlier today . '' 
 `` what about the rtg . 
 does the public know about that yet ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 annie leaned forward . 
 `` so far , so good , '' she said . 
 `` the images are public , but we have no obligation to tell them our analysis . 
 nobody has figured it out yet . '' 
 `` why did he dig it up ? '' 
 `` heat , i think , '' venkat said . 
 `` he wants to make the rover do long trips . 
 it uses a lot of energy keeping warm . 
 the rtg can heat up the interior without soaking battery power . 
 it 's a good idea , really . '' 
 `` how dangerous is it ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` as long as the container 's intact , no danger at all . 
 even if it cracks open he 'll be ok if the pellets inside do n't break . 
 but if the pellets break too , he 's a dead man . '' 
 `` let 's hope that does n't happen , '' teddy said . 
 `` jpl , how are the mdv plans coming along ? '' 
 `` we came up with a plan a long time ago , '' bruce said . 
 `` you rejected it . '' 
 `` bruce , '' teddy cautioned . 
 bruce sighed . 
 `` the mdv was n't made for liftoff and lateral flight . 
 packing more fuel in does n't help . 
 we 'd need a bigger engine and do n't have time to invent one . 
 so we need to lighten the mdv . 
 `` we have an idea . 
 the mdv can be its normal weight on primary descent . 
 if we made the heat shield and outer hull detachable , they could ditch a lot of weight after landing at ares 3 , and have a lighter ship for the traverse to ares 4 . 
 we 're running the numbers now . '' 
 `` keep me posted , '' teddy said . 
 he turned to mindy . 
 `` miss park . 
 welcome to the big leagues . '' 
 `` sir , '' mindy said . 
 `` what 's the biggest gap in coverage we have on watney right now ? '' 
 `` um , '' mindy said . 
 `` once every 41 hours , we 'll have a 17 minute gap . 
 the orbits work out that way . '' 
 `` you had an immediate answer , '' teddy said . 
 `` good . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . '' 
 `` i want that gap down to four minutes , '' teddy said . 
 `` i 'm giving you total authority over satellite trajectories and orbital adjustments . 
 make it happen . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' mindy said , with no idea how to do it . 
 teddy looked to mitch . 
 `` mitch , your email said you had something urgent ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' mitch said . 
 `` how long are we gon na ' keep this from the ares 3 crew ? 
 they all think watney 's dead . 
 it 's a huge drain on morale . '' 
 teddy looked to venkat . 
 `` mitch , '' venkat said . 
 `` we discussed this - '' `` no , you discussed it , '' mitch interrupted . 
 `` they think they lost a crewmate . 
 they 're devastated . '' 
 `` and when they find out they abandoned a crewmate ? '' 
 venkat asked , `` will they feel better then ? '' 
 mitch poked the table with his finger `` they deserve to know . 
 you do n't think commander lewis ca n't handle the truth ? '' 
 `` it 's a matter of morale , '' venkat said . 
 `` they can concentrate on getting home - '' `` i make that call , '' mitch said . 
 `` i 'm the one who decides what 's best for the crew . 
 and i say we bring them up to speed . '' 
 after a few moments of silence , all eyes turned to teddy . 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` sorry , mitch , i 'm with venkat on this one , '' he said . 
 `` but as soon as we come up with a plan for rescue , we can tell hermes . 
 there needs to be some hope or there 's no point in telling them . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' mitch grumbled , crossing his arms . 
 `` total bullshit , '' `` i know you 're upset , '' teddy said calmly , `` we 'll make it right . 
 just as soon as we have some idea how to save watney . '' 
 teddy let a few seconds of calm pass before moving on . 
 `` ok , jpl 's on the rescue option , '' he said with a nod toward bruce . 
 `` but it would be part of ares 4 . 
 how does he stay alive till then ? 
 venkat ? '' 
 venkat opened a folder and glanced at the paperwork inside . 
 `` i had every team check and double-check the longevity of their systems . 
 we 're pretty sure the hab can keep working for 4 years . 
 especially with a human occupant fixing problems as they arise . 
 but there 's no way around the food issue . 
 he 'll start starving in a year . 
 we have to send him supplies . 
 simple as that . '' 
 `` what about an ares 4 presupply ? '' 
 said teddy . 
 `` land it at ares 3 instead . '' 
 `` that 's what we 're thinking , yeah , '' venkat confirmed . 
 `` problem is , the original plan was to launch presupplies a year from now . 
 they 're not ready yet . 
 `` it takes 8 months to get a probe to mars in the best of times . 
 the positions of earth and mars right now ... it 's not the best of times . 
 we figure we can get there in 9 months . 
 presuming he 's rationing his food , he 's got enough to last 350 more days . 
 that means we need to build a presupply in three months . 
 jpl has n't even started yet . '' 
 `` that 'll be tight , '' bruce said . 
 `` making a presupply is a 6 month process . 
 we 're set up to pipeline a bunch of them at once , not to make one in a hurry . '' 
 `` sorry , bruce , '' teddy said . 
 `` i know we 're asking a lot , but you have to find a way . '' 
 `` we 'll find a way , '' bruce said . 
 `` but the ot alone will be a nightmare . '' 
 `` get started . 
 i 'll find you the money . '' 
 `` there 's also the booster , '' venkat said . 
 `` the only way to get a probe to mars with the planets in their current positions is to spend a butt-load of fuel . 
 we only have one booster capable of doing that . 
 the delta ix that 's on the pad right now for the eagleeye 3 saturn probe . 
 we 'll have to steal that . 
 i talked to ula , and they just ca n't make another booster in time . '' 
 `` the eagleeye 3 team will be pissed , but ok , '' said teddy . 
 `` we can delay their mission if jpl gets the payload done in time . '' 
 bruce rubbed his eyes . 
 `` we 'll do our best . '' 
 `` he 'll starve to death if you do n't , '' teddy said . 
 venkat sipped his coffee and frowned at his computer . 
 a month ago it would have been unthinkable to drink coffee at 9pm . 
 now it was necessary fuel . 
 shift schedules , fund allocations , project juggling , out and out looting of other projects ... he 'd never pulled so many stunts in his life . 
 `` nasa 's a large organization , '' he typed . 
 `` it does n't deal with sudden change well . 
 the only reason we 're getting away with it is the desperate circumstances . 
 everyone 's pulling together to save mark watney , with no interdepartmental squabbling . 
 i ca n't tell you how rare that is . 
 even then , this is going to cost tens of millions , maybe hundreds of millions of dollars . 
 the mdv modifications alone are an entire project that 's being staffed up . 
 hopefully , the public interest will make your job easier . 
 we appreciate your continued support , congressman , and hope you can sway the committee toward granting us the emergency funding we need . '' 
 he was interrupted by a knock at his door . 
 looking up , he saw mindy . 
 `` sorry to bother you , '' mindy said . 
 `` no bother , '' venkat said . 
 `` i could use a break . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` he 's on the move , '' she said . 
 venkat slouched in his chair . 
 `` any chance it 's a test drive ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` he drove straight away from the hab for almost two hours , did a short eva , then drove for another two . 
 we think the eva was to change batteries . '' 
 venkat sighed heavily . 
 `` maybe it 's just a longer test ? 
 an overnight trip , kind of thing ? '' 
 `` he 's 76km from the hab , '' mindy said . 
 `` for an overnight test , would n't he stay within walking distance ? '' 
 `` yes he would , '' venkat said . 
 `` damn it . 
 we 've had teams run every conceivable scenario . 
 there 's just no way he can make it to ares 4 with that set-up . 
 we never saw him load up the oxygenator or water reclaimer . 
 he ca n't possibly have enough basics to live long enough . '' 
 `` i do n't think he 's going to ares 4 , '' mindy said . 
 `` if he is , he 's taking a weird path . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 said venkat . 
 `` he went south-southwest . 
 schiaparelli crater is southeast . '' 
 `` ok , maybe there 's hope , '' venkat said . 
 `` what 's he doing right now ? '' 
 `` recharging . 
 he 's got all the solar cells set up , '' mindy said . 
 `` last time he did that , it took 12 hours . 
 i was going to sneak home for some sleep if that 's ok . '' 
 `` sure , sounds good . 
 we 'll see what he does tomorrow . 
 maybe he 'll go back to the hab . '' 
 `` maybe , '' mindy said , unconvinced . 
 `` welcome back , '' cathy said to the camera . 
 `` we 're chatting with marcus washington , from the us postal service . 
 so , mr. washington , i understand the ares 3 mission caused a postal service first . 
 can you explain to our viewers ? '' 
 `` uh yeah , '' said marcus . 
 `` everyone thought he was dead for over two months . 
 in that time , the postal service issued a run of commemorative stamps honoring his memory . 
 20,000 were printed , and sent to post offices around the country . '' 
 `` and then it turned out he was alive , '' cathy said . 
 `` yeah , '' said marcus . 
 `` we stopped the run immediately and recalled the stamps , but thousands were already sold . 
 the thing is , we do n't print stamps of living people . '' 
 `` has this ever happened before ? '' 
 cathy asked . 
 `` no . 
 not once in the history of the postal service . '' 
 `` i bet they 're worth a pretty penny now . '' 
 marcus chuckled . 
 `` maybe . 
 but not too much . 
 like i said , thousands were sold . 
 they 'll be rare , but not super rare . '' 
 cathy chuckled then addressed the camera . 
 `` we 've been speaking with marcus washington of the united states postal service . 
 if you 've got a mark watney commemorative stamp , you might want to hold on to it . 
 thanks for dropping by , mr. washington . '' 
 `` thanks for having me , '' marcus said . 
 `` our next guest is dr. irene shields , flight psychologist for the ares missions . 
 dr. shields , welcome to the program . '' 
 `` thank you , '' irene said , adjusting her microphone clip . 
 `` do you know mark watney personally ? '' 
 `` of course , '' irene said . 
 `` i did monthly psych evaluations on each member of the crew . '' 
 `` what can you tell us about him ? 
 his personality , his mindset ? '' 
 `` well , '' irene said , `` he 's very intelligent . 
 all of them are , of course . 
 but he 's particularly resourceful and a good problem-solver . '' 
 `` that may save his life , '' cathy interjected . 
 `` it may indeed , '' irene agreed . 
 `` also , he 's a good-natured man . 
 usually cheerful , with a great sense of humor . 
 he 's quick with a joke . 
 in the months leading up to launch , the crew was put through a grueling training schedule . 
 they all showed signs of stress and moodiness . 
 mark was no exception , but the way he showed it was to crack more jokes and get everyone laughing . '' 
 `` he sounds like a great guy , '' cathy said . 
 `` he really is , '' irene said . 
 `` he was chosen for the mission in part because of his personality . 
 an ares crew has to spend 13 months together . 
 social compatibility is key . 
 mark not only fits well in any social group , he 's a catalyst to make the group work better . 
 it was a terrible blow to the crew when he ` died . ' '' 
 `` and they still think he 's dead , right ? 
 the ares 3 crew ? '' 
 `` yes they do , unfortunately , '' irene confirmed . 
 `` the higher-ups decided to keep it from them , at least for now . 
 i 'm sure it was n't an easy decision . '' 
 cathy paused for a moment , then said . 
 `` all right . 
 you know i have to ask : what 's going through his head right now ? 
 how does a man like mark watney respond to a situation like this ? 
 stranded , alone , no idea we 're trying to help ? '' 
 `` there 's no way to be sure , '' irene said . 
 `` the biggest threat is giving up hope . 
 if he decides there 's no chance to survive , he 'll stop trying . '' 
 `` then we 're ok for now , right ? '' 
 cathy said . 
 `` he seems to be working hard . 
 he 's prepping the rover for a long trip and testing it . 
 he plans to be there when ares 4 lands . '' 
 `` that 's one interpretation , yes , '' irene said . 
 `` is there another ? '' 
 irene carefully formed her answer before speaking . 
 `` when facing death , people want to be heard . 
 they do n't want to die alone . 
 he might just want the mav radio so he can talk to another soul before he dies . 
 `` if he 's lost hope , he wo n't care about survival . 
 his only concern will be making it to the radio . 
 after that , he 'll probably take an easier way out than starvation . 
 the medical supplies of an ares mission have enough morphine to be lethal . '' 
 after several seconds of complete silence in the studio , cathy turned to the camera . 
 `` we 'll be right back . '' 
 `` heya , venk , '' came bruce 's voice from the speakerphone . 
 `` bruce , hi , '' said venkat . 
 `` thanks for clearing up some time . 
 i wanted to talk about the presupply . '' 
 `` sure thing . 
 what 's on your mind ? '' 
 `` let 's say we soft-land it perfectly . 
 how will mark know it happened ? 
 and how will he know where to look ? '' 
 `` we 've been thinking about that , '' said bruce . 
 `` we 've got some ideas . '' 
 `` i 'm all ears , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 'll be sending him a comm system anyway , right ? 
 we could have it turn on after lading . 
 it 'll broadcast on the rover and eva suit frequencies . 
 it 'll have to be a strong signal , too . 
 `` the rovers were only designed to communicate with the hab and each other ; the signal origin was presumed to be within 20km . 
 the receivers just are n't very sensitive . 
 the eva suits are even worse . 
 but as long as we have a strong signal we should be good . 
 `` once we land the presupply , we 'll get its exact location from satellites , then broadcast that to mark so he can go get it . '' 
 `` but he 's probably not listening , '' said venkat . 
 `` why would he be ? '' 
 `` we have a plan for that . 
 we 're going to make a bunch of bright green ribbons . 
 light enough to flutter around when dropped , even in mars 's atmosphere . 
 each ribbon will have ` mark : turn on your comm ' printed on it . 
 we 're working on a release mechanism now . 
 during the landing sequence , of course . 
 ideally , about 1000 meters above the surface . '' 
 `` i like it , '' venkat said . 
 `` all he needs to do is notice one . 
 and he 's sure to check out a bright green ribbon if he sees one outside . '' 
 `` that 's what we 're thinking , '' said bruce . 
 `` all right , good work . 
 keep me posted , '' venkat said . 
 `` venk , '' said bruce . 
 `` if he takes the ` watneymobile ' to ares 4 , this 'll all be for nothing . 
 i mean , we can land it at ares 4 if that happens , but ... '' `` but he 'll be without a hab . 
 yeah , '' venkat said . 
 `` one thing at a time . 
 let me know when you come up with a release mechanism for those ribbons . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 after terminating the call , he saw an email from mindy park arrive . 
 `` watney 's on the move again . '' 
 `` still going in a straight line , '' mindy said , pointing to her monitor . 
 `` i see , '' venkat said . 
 `` he 's sure as hell not going to ares 4 . 
 unless he 's going around some natural obstacle . '' 
 `` there 's nothing for him to go around , '' mindy said . 
 `` it 's acidalia planitia . '' 
 `` are those the solar cells ? '' 
 venkat asked , pointing to the screen . 
 `` yeah , '' mindy said . 
 `` he did the usual 2 hour drive , eva , 2 hour drive . 
 he 's 156km from the hab now . '' 
 they both peered at the screen . 
 `` wait ... '' venkat said . 
 `` wait , no way ... '' `` what ? '' 
 mindy asked . 
 venkat grabbed a pad of post-its and a pen . 
 `` give me his location , and the location of the hab . '' 
 mindy checked her screen . 
 `` he 's currently at ... 28.9 on , 29.6 ow . '' 
 with a few keystrokes , she brought up another file . 
 `` the hab 's at 31.2 on , 28.5 ow . 
 what do you see ? '' 
 venkat finished taking down the numbers . 
 `` come with me , '' he said , quickly walking out . 
 `` um , '' mindy stammered , following after . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she asked when she caught up . 
 `` satcon break room , '' venkat said . 
 `` you guys still have that map of mars on the wall ? '' 
 `` sure , '' mindy said . 
 `` but it 's just a poster from the gift shop . 
 i 've got high quality digital maps on my computer - '' `` nope . 
 i ca n't draw on those , '' he said . 
 then , rounding the corner to the break room , he pointed to the mars map on the wall . 
 `` i can draw on that . '' 
 the break room was empty save a computer technician sipping a cup of coffee . 
 the urgency of venkat and mindy 's entrance caught his attention . 
 `` good , it has latitude and longitude lines , '' venkat said . 
 looking at his post-it , then sliding his finger along the map , he drew an x. `` that 's the hab , '' he said . 
 `` hey , '' the technician said . 
 `` are you drawing on our poster ? '' 
 `` i 'll buy you a new one , '' venkat said without looking back . 
 then , he drew another x. `` that 's his current location . 
 get me a ruler . '' 
 mindy looked left and right . 
 seeing no ruler , she grabbed the technicians notebook . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the technician protested . 
 using the notebook as a straight-edge , venkat drew a line from the hab to mark 's location and beyond . 
 then took a step back . 
 `` yup ! 
 that 's where he 's going ! '' 
 venkat said excitedly . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 mindy said . 
 the line passed through the exact center of a bright yellow dot printed on the map . 
 `` pathfinder ! '' 
 mindy said . 
 `` he 's going to pathfinder ! '' 
 `` yup ! '' 
 venkat said . 
 `` now we 're getting somewhere . 
 it 's like 800km from him . 
 he can get there and back with supplies on-hand . '' 
 `` and bring pathfinder and sojourner rover back with him , '' mindy added . 
 venkat quickly pulled out his cell phone . 
 `` we lost contact with it in 1997 . 
 if he can get it online again , we can communicate . 
 it might just need the solar cells cleaned . 
 even if it 's got a bigger problem , he 's an engineer ! '' 
 dialing , he added `` fixing shit is his job ! '' 
 smiling for the first time in weeks , he held the phone to his ear and awaited a response . 
 `` bruce ? 
 it 's venkat . 
 everything just changed . 
 watney 's headed for pathfinder . 
 yeah ! 
 i know , right !? 
 dig up everyone who was on that project and get them to jpl now . 
 i 'll catch the next flight . '' 
 hanging up , he grinned at the map . 
 `` mark , you sneaky , clever , son of a bitch ! '' 
 chapter 9 log entry : sol 79 it 's the evening of my 8th day on the road . 
 `` sirius 4 '' has been a success so far . 
 i 've fallen in to a routine . 
 every morning i wake up at dawn . 
 first thing i do is check oxygen and co2 levels . 
 then i eat a breakfast pack and drink a cup of water . 
 after that , i brush my teeth , using as little water as possible , and shave with an electric razor . 
 the rover has no toilet . 
 we were expected to use our suits ' reclamation systems for that . 
 but they are n't designed to hold twenty days worth of output . 
 my morning piss goes in a resealable plastic box . 
 when i open it , the rover reeks like a truck-stop men 's room . 
 i could take it outside and let it boil off . 
 but i worked hard to make that water , and the last thing i 'm going to do is waste it . 
 i 'll feed it to the water reclaimer when i get back . 
 even more precious is my manure . 
 it 's critical to the potato farm and i 'm the only source on mars . 
 fortunately , when you spend a lot of time in space , you learn how to shit in a bag . 
 and if you think things are bad after opening the piss box , imagine the smell after i drop anchor . 
 then i go outside and collect the solar cells . 
 why did n't i do it the previous night ? 
 because trying to dismantle and stack solar cells in total fucking darkness is n't fun . 
 i learned that the hard way . 
 after securing the cells , i come back in , turn on some shitty ' 70 's music , and start driving . 
 i putter along at 25kph , the rover 's top speed . 
 it 's comfortable inside . 
 i wear hastily made cut-offs and a thin shirt while the rtg bakes the interior . 
 when it gets too hot i detach the insulation duct-taped to the hull . 
 when it gets too cold , i tape it back up . 
 i can go almost 2 hours before the battery runs out . 
 i do a quick eva to swap cables , then i 'm back at the wheel for the second half of the day 's drive . 
 the terrain is very flat . 
 the undercarriage of the rover is taller than any of the rocks around here , and the hills are gently-sloping affairs , smoothed by eons of sandstorms . 
 when the other battery runs out , it 's time for another eva . 
 i pull the solar cells off the roof and lay them on the ground . 
 for the first few sols , i lined them up in a row . 
 now i plop them wherever , trying to keep them close to the rover out of sheer laziness . 
 then comes the incredibly dull part of my day . 
 i sit around for 12 hours with nothing to do . 
 and i 'm getting sick of this rover . 
 the inside 's the size of a van . 
 that may seem like plenty of room , but try being trapped in a van for 8 days . 
 i look forward to tending my potato farm in the wide open space of the hab . 
 i 'm nostalgic for the hab . 
 how fucked up is that ? 
 i have shitty ' 70 's tv to watch , and a bunch of poirot novels . 
 but mostly i spend my time thinking about getting to ares 4 . 
 i 'll have to do it someday . 
 how the hell am i going to survive a 3,200 km trip in this thing ? 
 it 'll probably take 50 days . 
 i 'll need the water reclaimer and the oxygenator , maybe some of the hab 's main batteries , then a bunch more solar cells to charge everything ... where will i put it all ? 
 these thoughts pester me throughout the long boring days . 
 eventually , it gets dark and i get tired . 
 i lay among the food packs , water tanks , extra o2 tank , piles of co2 filters , box of pee , bags of shit , and personal items . 
 i have a bunch of crew jumpsuits to serve as bedding , along with my blanket and pillow . 
 basically , i sleep in a pile of junk every night . 
 speaking of sleep ... g'night . 
 log entry : sol 80 by my reckoning , i 'm about 100km from pathfinder . 
 technically it 's `` carl sagan memorial station . '' 
 but with all due respect to carl , i can call it whatever the hell i want . 
 i 'm the king of mars . 
 as i mentioned , it 's been a long , boring drive . 
 and i 'm still on the outward leg . 
 but hey , i 'm an astronaut . 
 long-ass trips are my business . 
 navigation is tricky . 
 the hab 's nav beacon only reaches 40km , then it 's too faint . 
 i knew that 'd be an issue when i was planning this little road trip , so i came up with a brilliant plan that did n't work . 
 the computer has detailed maps , so i figured i could navigate by landmarks . 
 i was wrong . 
 turns out you ca n't navigate by landmarks if you ca n't find any god damned landmarks . 
 our landing site is at the delta of a long-gone river . 
 if there are any microscopic fossils to be had , it 's a good place to look . 
 also , the water would have dragged rock and soil samples from thousands of kilometers away . 
 with some digging , we could get a broad geological history . 
 that 's great for science , but it means the hab 's in a featureless wasteland . 
 i considered making a compass . 
 the rover has plenty of electricity and the med kit has a needle . 
 only one problem : mars does n't have a magnetic field . 
 so i navigate by phobos . 
 it whips around mars so fast it actually rises and sets twice a day , running west to east . 
 it 's is n't the most accurate system , but it works . 
 things got easier on sol 75 . 
 i reached a valley with a rise to the west . 
 it had flat ground for easy driving , and i just needed to follow the edge of the hills . 
 i named it `` lewis valley '' after our fearless leader . 
 she 'd love it there , geology nerd that she is . 
 three sols later , lewis valley opened into a wide plain . 
 so , again , i was left without references and relied on phobos to guide me . 
 there 's probably symbolism there . 
 phobos is the god of fear , and i 'm letting it be my guide . 
 not a good sign . 
 but today , my luck finally changed . 
 after two sols wandering the desert , i found something to navigate by . 
 it was a 5km crater , so small it did n't even have a listed name . 
 but to me , it was the lighthouse of alexandria . 
 once i had it in sight , i knew exactly where i was . 
 i 'm camped near it now , as a matter of fact . 
 i 'm finally through the blank areas of the map . 
 tomorrow , i 'll have the lighthouse to navigate by , and hamelin crater later on . 
 i 'm in good shape . 
 now , on to my next task : sitting around with nothing to do for 12 hours . 
 i better get started ! 
 log entry : sol 81 almost made it to pathfinder today , but i ran out of juice . 
 just another 22km to go ! 
 an unremarkable drive . 
 navigation was n't a problem . 
 as lighthouse receded into the distance , the rim of hamelin crater came in to view . 
 i left acidalia planitia behind a long time ago . 
 i 'm well into ares vallis now . 
 the desert plains are giving way to bumpier terrain , strewn with ejecta that never got buried by sand . 
 it makes driving a chore ; i have to pay more attention . 
 up till now , i 've been driving right over the rock-strewn landscape . 
 but as i travel further south , the rocks are getting bigger and more plentiful . 
 i have to go around some of them or risk damage to my suspension . 
 the good news is i do n't have to do it for long . 
 once i get to pathfinder , i can turn around and go the other way . 
 the weather 's been very good . 
 no discernible wind , no storms . 
 i think i got lucky there . 
 there 's a good chance my rover tracks from the past few sols are intact . 
 i should be able to get back to lewis valley just by following them . 
 after setting up the solar panels , i went for a little walk . 
 i never left sight of the rover ; the last thing i want to do is get lost on foot . 
 but i could n't stomach crawling back into that cramped , smelly rat 's nest . 
 not right away . 
 it 's a strange feeling . 
 everywhere i go , i 'm the first . 
 step outside the rover ? 
 first guy ever to be there ! 
 climb a hill ? 
 first guy to climb that hill ! 
 kick a rock ? 
 that rock had n't moved in a million years ! 
 i 'm the first guy to drive long-distance on mars . 
 the first guy to spend more than 31 sols on mars . 
 the first guy to grow crops on mars . 
 first , first , first ! 
 i was n't expecting to be first at anything . 
 i was the 5th crewman out of the mdv when we landed , making me the 17th person to set foot on mars . 
 the egress order had been determined years earlier . 
 a month before launch , we all got tattoos of our `` mars numbers . '' 
 johanssen almost refused to get her `` 15 '' because she was afraid it would hurt . 
 here 's a woman who had survived the centrifuge , the vomit comet , hard landing drills and 10k runs . 
 a woman who fixed a simulated mdv computer failure while being spun around upside-down . 
 but she was afraid of a tattoo needle . 
 man , i miss those guys . 
 i 'm the first person to be alone on an entire planet . 
 ok , enough moping . 
 tomorrow , i 'll be the first person to recover a mars probe . 
 log entry : sol 82 victory ! 
 i found it ! 
 i knew i was in the right area when i spotted twin peaks in the distance . 
 the two small hills are under a kilometer from the landing site . 
 even better , they were on the far side of the site . 
 all i had to do was aim for them until i found the lander . 
 and there it was ! 
 right where it was supposed to be ! 
 pathfinder 's final stage of descent was a balloon-covered tetrahedron . 
 the balloons absorbed the impact of landing . 
 once it came to rest , they deflated and the tetrahedron unfolded to reveal the probe . 
 it 's actually two separate components . 
 the lander itself , and the sojourner rover . 
 the lander was immobile , while sojourner wandered around and got a good look at the local rocks . 
 i 'm taking both back with me , but the important part is the lander . 
 that 's the part that can communicate with earth . 
 i excitedly stumbled out and rushed to the site . 
 i ca n't explain how happy i was . 
 it was a lot of work to get here , and i 'd succeeded . 
 the lander was half buried . 
 with some quick and careful digging , i exposed the bulk of it , though the large tetrahedron and the deflated balloons still lurked below the surface . 
 after a quick search , i found sojourner . 
 the little fella was only two meters from the lander . 
 i vaguely remember it was further away when they last saw it . 
 it probably entered a contingency mode and started circling the lander , trying to communicate . 
 i quickly deposited sojourner in my rover . 
 it 's small , light , and easily fit in the airlock . 
 the lander was a different story . 
 i had no hope of getting the whole thing back to the hab . 
 it was just too big . 
 it was time for me to put on my mechanical engineer hat . 
 the probe was attached to the central panel of the unfolded tetrahedron . 
 the other three sides were each attached with a metal hinge . 
 as anyone at jpl will tell you , probes are delicate things . 
 weight is a serious concern , so they 're not made to stand up to much punishment . 
 when i took a crowbar to the hinges , they popped right off ! 
 then things got difficult . 
 when i tried to lift the central panel assembly , it did n't budge . 
 just like the other three panels , the central panel had deflated balloons underneath it . 
 <br/> because it has a lot of moving parts . 
 if i establish a link with nasa , i can talk to them by holding a page of text up to the lander 's camera . 
 but how would they talk to me ? 
 the only moving parts on the lander are the high gain antenna -lrb- which would have to stay pointed at earth -rrb- and the camera boom . 
 we 'd have to come up with a system where nasa could talk by rotating the camera head . 
 it would be painfully slow . 
 but sojourner has six independent wheels that rotate reasonably fast . 
 it 'll be much easier to communicate with those . 
 if nothing else , i could draw letters on the wheels , and hold a mirror up to its camera . 
 nasa 'd figure it out and start spelling things at me . 
 that all assumes i can get the lander 's radio working at all . 
 time to turn in . 
 i 've got a lot of backbreaking physical labor to do tomorrow . 
 i 'll need my rest . 
 log entry : sol 83 oh god i 'm sore . 
 but it 's the only way i could think of to get the lander safely on to the roof . 
 i built a ramp out of rocks and sand . 
 just like the ancient egyptians did . 
 and if there 's one thing ares vallis has , it 's rocks ! 
 first , i experimented to find out how steep the grade could be . 
 piling up some rocks near the lander , i dragged it up the pile , then down again . 
 then i made it steeper , etc. . 
 i figured out i could pull it up a 30 degree grade . 
 anything more was too risky . 
 i might lose my grip and send the lander tumbling down the ramp . 
 the roof of the rover is over 2 meters from the ground . 
 so i 'd need a ramp almost 4 meters long . 
 i got to work . 
 the first few rocks were easy . 
 then they started feeling heavier and heavier . 
 hard physical labor in a spacesuit is murder . 
 everything 's more effort because you 're lugging 20kg of suit around with you , and your movement is limited . 
 i was panting within 20 minutes . 
 so i cheated . 
 i upped my o2 mixture . 
 it really helped a lot . 
 probably should n't make that a habit . 
 also , i did n't get hot . 
 the suit leaks heat faster than my body could ever generate it . 
 the heating system is what keeps the temperature bearable . 
 my physical labor just meant the suit did n't have to heat itself as much . 
 after hours of grueling labor , i finally got the ramp made . 
 nothing more than a pile of rocks against the rover , but it reached the roof . 
 i stomped up and down the ramp first , to make sure it was stable , then i dragged the lander up . 
 it worked like a charm ! 
 i was all smiles as i lashed the lander in place . 
 i made sure it was firmly secured , and even stacked the solar cells in a big single stack -lrb- why waste the ramp ? -rrb- . 
 but then it hit me . 
 the ramp would collapse as i drove away , and the rocks might damage the wheels or undercarriage . 
 i 'd have to take the ramp apart to keep that from happening . 
 ugh . 
 tearing the ramp down was easier than putting it up . 
 i did n't need to carefully put each rock in a stable place . 
 i just dropped them wherever . 
 it only took me an hour . 
 and now i 'm done ! 
 i 'll start heading home tomorrow , with my new 100kg broken radio . 
 chapter 10 log entry : sol 90 seven days since pathfinder , and seven days closer to home . 
 as i 'd hoped , my inbound tracks gave me a path back to lewis valley . 
 then it was four sols of easy driving . 
 the hills to my left made it impossible to get lost , and the terrain was smooth . 
 but all good things come to an end . 
 i 'm back in acidalia planitia now . 
 my outgoing tracks are long gone . 
 it 's been 16 days since i was last here . 
 even timid weather would clear them out in that time . 
 on my way out , i should have made a pile of rocks every time i camped . 
 the land is so flat they 'd be visible for kilometers . 
 on second thought , thinking back to making that damn ramp ... ugh . 
 so once again i am the desert wanderer , using phobos to navigate , and hoping i do n't stray too far . 
 all i need to do is get within 40km of the hab and i 'll pick up the beacon . 
 i 'm feeling optimistic . 
 for the first time , i think i might get off this planet alive . 
 with that in mind , i 'm taking soil and rock samples every time i do an eva . 
 at first , i figured it was my duty . 
 if i survive , geologists will love me for it . 
 but then it started to get fun . 
 now , as i drive , i look forward to that simple act of bagging rocks . 
 it just feels nice to be an astronaut again . 
 that 's all it is . 
 not a reluctant farmer , not an electrical engineer , not a long haul trucker . 
 an astronaut . 
 i 'm doing what astronauts do . 
 i missed it . 
 log entry : sol 92 i got 2 seconds of signal from the hab beacon today , then lost it . 
 but it 's a good sign . 
 i 've been traveling vaguely north-northwest for two days . 
 i must be a good 100km from the hab ; it 's a miracle i got any signal at all . 
 must have been a moment of perfect weather conditions . 
 during the boring-ass days , i 'm working my way through `` the six million dollar man '' from commander lewis 's inexhaustible collection of '70s tripe . 
 i just watched an episode where steve austin fights a russian venus probe that landed on earth by mistake . 
 as an expert in interplanetary travel , i can tell you there are no scientific inaccuracies in the story . 
 it 's quite common for probes to land on the wrong planet . 
 also , the probe 's large , flat-panel hull is ideal for the high-pressure venusian atmosphere . 
 and , as we all know , probes often refuse to obey directives , choosing instead to attack humans on sight . 
 so far , pathfinder has n't tried kill me . 
 but i 'm keeping an eye on it . 
 log entry : sol 93 i found the hab signal today . 
 i have a solid bearing and direction to go . 
 no more chance to get lost . 
 according to the computer , i 'm 24718 meters away . 
 i 'll be home tomorrow . 
 even if the rover has a catastrophic failure , i 'll be fine . 
 i can walk to the hab from here . 
 i do n't know if i 've mentioned this before , but i am really fucking sick of being in this rover . 
 i 've spent so much time seated or laying down , my back is all screwed up . 
 of all my crewmates , the one i miss most right now is beck . 
 he 'd fix my aching back . 
 though he 'd probably give me a bunch of shit about it . 
 `` why did n't you do stretching exercises ? 
 your body is important ! 
 eat more fiber , '' or whatever . 
 at this point i 'd welcome a health lecture . 
 during training , we had to practice the dreaded `` missed orbit '' scenario . 
 in the event of a second-stage failure during mav ascent , we 'd be in orbit , but too low to reach hermes . 
 we 'd be skimming the upper atmosphere , so our orbit would rapidly decay . 
 nasa would remotely operate hermes and bring it in for rendezvous . 
 then we 'd get the hell out of there before hermes caught too much drag . 
 to drill this , they made us stay in the mav simulator for 3 miserable days . 
 six people in an ascent vehicle originally designed for a 23 minute flight . 
 it got a little cramped . 
 and by `` a little cramped '' i mean `` we wanted to kill each other '' . 
 once we got out , commander lewis declared `` what happened in missed orbit stays in missed orbit . '' 
 it may seem trite , but it worked . 
 we put it behind us and got back to normal . 
 i 'd give anything for just five minutes of missed orbit training . 
 i 'm really feeling alone lately . 
 up till this road trip , i 've been too busy to mope . 
 but the long , dull days with nothing to do really drives it home . 
 i 'm further away from other humans than anyone has ever been . 
 man , i hope i get pathfinder working again . 
 log entry : sol 94 home sweet home ! 
 today i write from my gigantic , cavernous hab ! 
 the first thing i did when i got in was wave my arms wildly while running in circles . 
 felt great ! 
 i was in that damn rover for 22 sols , and could n't even walk without suiting up . 
 i 'll need to endure twice that to get to ares 4 , but that 's a problem for later . 
 after a few celebratory laps around the hab , it was time to get to work . 
 first , i fired up the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 checking the air levels , everything looked good . 
 there was still co2 , so the plants had n't suffocated without me exhaling for them . 
 naturally i did an exhaustive check on my crops , and they 're all healthy . 
 i added my bags of shit to the manure pile . 
 lovely smell , i can tell you . 
 but once i mixed some soil in , it died down to tolerable levels . 
 i dumped my box o ' pee into the water reclaimer . 
 i 'd been gone over three weeks , and had left the hab very humid for the sake of the crops . 
 that much water in the air can cause any amount of electrical problems , so i spent the next few hours doing full systems checks on everything . 
 then i kind of lounged around for a while . 
 i wanted to spend the rest of the day relaxing , but i had more to do . 
 suiting up , i went out to the rover and dragged the solar cells off the roof . 
 over the next few hours , i put them back where they belonged , wiring them into the hab 's power grid . 
 getting the lander off the roof was a hell of a lot easier than getting it up there . 
 i detached a strut from the mav platform and dragged it over to the rover . 
 leaning it against the hull and digging the other end in to the ground for stability , i had a ramp . 
 i should have brought that strut with me to the pathfinder site . 
 live and learn . 
 there 's no way to get the lander in the airlock . 
 it 's just too big . 
 i could probably dismantle it and bring it in a piece at a time , but there 's a pretty compelling reason not to . 
 with no magnetic field , mars has no defense against harsh solar radiation . 
 if i were exposed to it , i 'd get so much cancer , the cancer would have cancer . 
 so the hab canvas shields from electromagnetic waves . 
 this means the hab itself it would block any transmissions if the lander were inside . 
 speaking of cancer , it was time to get rid of the rtg . 
 it pained me to climb back into the rover , but it had to be done . 
 if the rtg ever broke open , it would kill me to death . 
 nasa decided 4km was the safe distance , and i was n't about to second-guess them . 
 driving back to where commander lewis had originally dumped it , i ditched it in the same hole and drove back to the hab . 
 i 'll start work on the lander tomorrow . 
 now , to enjoy a good , long sleep in an actual cot . 
 with the comforting knowledge that when i wake , my morning piss will go into a toilet . 
 log entry : sol 95 today was all about repairs ! 
 the pathfinder mission ended because the lander had an unknown critical failure . 
 once they lost contact with the lander , they had no idea what became of sojourner . 
 it might be in better shape . 
 maybe it just needs power . 
 power it could n't get with the solar panels hopelessly caked with dust . 
 setting it on my workbench , i pried open a panel to peek inside . 
 the battery was a lithium thionyl chloride non-rechargeable . 
 i figured that out from some subtle clues : the shape of the connection points , the thickness of the insulation , and the fact that it had `` lisocl2 non-rchrg '' written on it . 
 i cleaned the solar panels thoroughly , then aimed a small , flexible lamp directly at them . 
 the battery 's long dead . 
 but the panels might be ok , and sojourner can operate directly off them . 
 we 'll see if anything happens . 
 then it was time to take a look at sojourner 's daddy . 
 i suited up and headed out . 
 on most landers , the weak point is the battery . 
 it 's the most delicate component , and when it dies , there 's no way to recover . 
 landers ca n't just shut down and wait when they have low batteries . 
 their electronics wo n't work unless they 're at a minimum temperature . 
 so they have heaters to keep the electronics warm . 
 it 's a problem that rarely comes up on earth , but hey . 
 mars . 
 over time , the solar panels get covered with dust . 
 then winter brings colder temperatures and less daylight . 
 this all combines into a big `` fuck you '' from mars to your lander . 
 eventually it 's using more power to keep warm than it 's getting from the meager daylight that makes it through the dust . 
 once the battery runs down , the electronics get too cold to operate , and the whole system dies . 
 the solar panels will recharge the battery somewhat , but there 's nothing to tell the system to reboot . 
 anything that could make that decision would be electronics , which would not be working . 
 eventually , the now unused battery will lose its ability to retain charge . 
 that 's the usual cause of death . 
 and i sure hope it 's what killed pathfinder . 
 i piled some leftover parts of the mdv into a makeshift table and ramp . 
 then i dragged the lander up to my new outdoor workbench . 
 working in an eva suit is annoying enough . 
 bending over the whole time would have been torture . 
 i got my toolkit and started poking around . 
 opening the outer panel was n't too hard and i identified the battery easily enough . 
 jpl labels everything . 
 it 's a 40 amp-hour ag-zr battery with an optimal voltage of 1.5 v. wow . 
 they really made those things run on nothin ' back then . 
 i detached the battery and headed back inside . 
 i checked it with my electronics kit , and sure enough it 's dead , dead , dead . 
 i could shuffle across a carpet and hold more charge . 
 so i knew what it needed . 
 1.5 volts . 
 compared to the makeshift crap i 've been gluing together since sol 6 , this was a breeze . 
 i have voltage controllers in my kit ! 
 it only took me 15 minutes to put a controller on a reserve power line , then another hour to go outside and run the line to where the battery used to be . 
 then there 's the issue of heat . 
 it 's a good idea to keep electronics above -40 c . 
 the temperature today is a brisk -63 c . 
 the battery was big and easy to identify , but i had no clue where the heaters were . 
 even if i knew , it 'd be too risky to hook them directly to power . 
 i could easily fry the whole system . 
 so instead , i went to good old `` spare parts '' rover 1 , and stole it 's environment heater . 
 i 've gutted that poor rover so much , it looks like i parked it in a bad part of town . 
 bringing the heater to my `` workbench , '' i hooked it to hab power . 
 then i rested it in the lander where the battery used to be . 
 now i wait . 
 and hope . 
 log entry : sol 96 i was really hoping i 'd wake up to a functional lander , but no such luck . 
 its high-gain antenna is right where i last saw it . 
 why does that matter ? 
 well , i 'll tell ya ... if the lander comes back to life -lrb- and that 's a big if -rrb- it 'll try to establish contact with earth . 
 problem is , nobody 's listening . 
 it 's not like the pathfinder team is hanging around jpl just in case their long dead probe is repaired by a wayward astronaut . 
 the deep space network and seti are my best bets for picking up the signal . 
 if either of them caught a blip from pathfinder , they 'd tell jpl . 
 jpl would quickly figure out what was going on , especially when they triangulated the signal to my landing site . 
 they 'd tell the lander where earth is , and it would angle the high-gain antenna appropriately . 
 that there , the angling of the antenna , is how i 'll know if it linked up . 
 so far , no action . 
 there 's still hope . 
 any number of reasons could be delaying things . 
 the rover heater is designed to heat air at 1 atmosphere . 
 the thin martian air severely hampers its ability to work . 
 so the electronics might need more time to warm up . 
 also , earth is only visible during the day . 
 i -lrb- hopefully -rrb- fixed the lander yesterday evening . 
 it 's morning now , so most of the intervening time has been night . 
 no earth . 
 sojourner 's also showing no signs of life . 
 it 's been in the nice , warm environment of the hab all night , with plenty of light on its sparkling clean solar cells . 
 maybe it 's running an extended self-check , or staying still until it hears from the lander or something . 
 i 'll just have to put it out of my mind for now . 
 pathfinder log : sol 0 boot sequence initiated time 00:00:00 loss of power detected , time/date unreliable loading os ... vxware operating system -lrb- c -rrb- wind river systems performing hardware check : int . 
 temperature : -34 c ext. . 
 temperature : nonfunctional battery : full higain : ok logain : ok wind sensor : nonfunctional meteorology : nonfunctional asi : nonfunctional imager : ok rover ramp : nonfunctional solar a : nonfunctional solar b : nonfunctional solar c : nonfunctional hardware check complete broadcasting status listening for telemetry signal ... listening for telemetry signal ... listening for telemetry signal ... signal acquired chapter 11 `` something 's coming in ... yes ... yes ! 
 it 's pathfinder ! '' 
 the room burst in to applause and cheers . 
 venkat slapped an unknown technician heartily on the back while bruce pumped his fist in the air . 
 the ad-hoc control center was an accomplishment in itself . 
 jpl had just 20 days to piece together antiquated computers , repair broken components , network everything , and install hastily made software to interact with the modern deep space network . 
 a team of engineers had worked around the clock , finishing only two days earlier . 
 the room itself was formerly a conference room ; jpl had no space ready for the sudden need . 
 crammed with computers and equipment , little space was left over for the many spectators squeezing in . 
 one associated press camera team was permitted . 
 the rest of the media would have to satisfy themselves with the live ap feed , and await a press conference . 
 venkat turned to bruce . 
 `` god damn , bruce . 
 you really pulled a rabbit out of your hat this time ! 
 good work ! '' 
 `` i 'm just the director , '' bruce said modestly . 
 `` thank the guys who got all this shit working . '' 
 `` oh i will ! '' 
 venkat beamed . 
 `` but first i have to talk to my new best friend ! '' 
 turning to the headsetted man at the communications console , venkat asked `` what 's you 're name , new best friend ? '' 
 `` tim , '' he said , not taking his eyes off the screen . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` we sent the return telemetry automatically . 
 it 'll get there in just over 11 minutes . 
 once it does , pathfinder will start high-gain transmissions . 
 so it 'll be 22 minutes till we hear from it again . '' 
 `` venkat 's got a doctorate in physics , tim , '' bruce said , `` you do n't need to explain transmission time to him . '' 
 tim shrugged . 
 `` you can never tell with managers . '' 
 `` what was in the transmission we got ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` just the bare bones . 
 a hardware self check . 
 it 's got a lot of `` nonfunctional '' systems , cause they were on the panels watney removed . '' 
 `` what about the camera ? '' 
 `` it says the imager 's working . 
 we 'll have it take a panorama as soon as we can . '' 
 log entry : sol 97 it worked ! 
 holy fucking shit it worked ! 
 i just checked the lander . 
 the high gain antenna is angled directly at earth ! 
 pathfinder has no way of knowing where it is , so it has no way of knowing where earth is . 
 the only way for it to find out is getting a signal . 
 they know i 'm alive ! 
 happy dance , happy dance , i 'm doin ' the happy dance ! 
 all right . 
 enough happy dance . 
 time to make with the communicatin ' ! 
 `` we received the high-gain response just over half an hour ago , '' venkat said to the assembled press . 
 `` we immediately directed pathfinder to take a panoramic image . 
 hopefully , watney has some kind of message for us . 
 questions ? '' 
 the sea of reporters raised their hands . 
 `` cathy , let 's start with you , '' venkat said , pointing her out . 
 `` thanks , '' she said . 
 `` have you had any contact with the sojourner rover ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , no , '' he replied . 
 `` the lander has n't been able to connect to sojourner , and we have no way to contact it directly . '' 
 `` what might be wrong with sojourner ? '' 
 `` i ca n't even speculate , '' venkat said . 
 `` after spending that long on mars , anything could be wrong with it . '' 
 `` best guess ? '' 
 `` our best guess is he took it in to the hab . 
 the lander 's signal would n't be able to reach sojourner through hab canvas . '' 
 pointing to another reporter , he said `` you , there . '' 
 `` marty west , nbc news , '' marty said . 
 `` how will you communicate with watney once everything 's up and running ? '' 
 `` that 'll be up to watney , '' said venkat . 
 `` all we have to work with is the camera . 
 he can write notes and hold them up . 
 but how we talk back is trickier . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 marty asked . 
 `` because all we have is the camera platform . 
 that 's the only moving part . 
 there are plenty of ways to get information across with just the platform 's rotation , but no way to tell watney about them . 
 he 'll have to come up with something and tell us . 
 we 'll follow his lead . '' 
 pointing to the next reporter , he said , `` go ahead . '' 
 `` jill holbrook , bbc . 
 with a 32 minute round trip , and nothing but a single rotating platform to talk with , it 'll be a dreadfully slow conversation , wo n't it ? '' 
 `` yes it will , '' venkat confirmed . 
 `` it 's early morning in acidalia planitia right now , and just past 3am here in pasadena . 
 we 'll be here all night , and that 's just for a start . 
 no more questions for now , the panorama is due back in a few minutes . 
 we 'll keep you posted . '' 
 quickly leaving the press room , venkat hurried down the hall to the makeshift pathfinder control center . 
 he pressed through the throng to the communications console . 
 `` anything , tim ? '' 
 `` totally , '' he replied . 
 `` but we 're staring at this black screen because it 's way more interesting than pictures from mars . '' 
 `` you 're a smart-ass , tim , '' venkat said . 
 `` noted . '' 
 bruce pushed his way forward . 
 `` still another few seconds on the clock , '' he said . 
 the time passed in silence . 
 `` getting something , '' tim said . 
 `` yup . 
 it 's the panoramic . '' 
 a general loosening of tension coruscated through the room as the image slowly came through , one vertical stripe at a time . 
 `` martian surface ... '' venkat said as the lines displayed . 
 `` more surface ... '' `` edge of the hab ! '' 
 bruce said , pointing to the screen . 
 `` hab , '' venkat smiled . 
 `` more hab now ... more hab ... is that a message ? 
 that 's a message ! '' 
 the vertical stripes revealed a handwritten note , suspended at the camera 's height by a thin metal rod . 
 `` we got a note from mark ! '' 
 venkat announced to the room . 
 applause filled the room , then quickly died down . 
 `` what 's it say ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 venkat leaned closer to the screen . 
 `` it says ... ` i 'll write questions here - are you receiving ? ' '' 
 `` ok ... ? '' 
 said bruce . 
 `` that 's what it says , '' venkat shrugged . 
 `` another note , '' said tim , pointing to the screen as the slow march of data revealed itself . 
 venkat leaned in again . 
 `` this one says ` point here for yes ' . '' 
 `` all right , i see what he 's going for , '' said bruce . 
 `` there 's the third note , '' said tim . '' 
 ` point here for no , ' '' venkat read . '' 
 ` will check often for answer ' '' venkat folded his arms . 
 `` all right . 
 we have communication with mark . 
 tim , point the camera at ` yes ' . 
 then , start taking pictures at 10 minute intervals until he puts another question up . '' 
 log entry : sol 97 -lrb- 2 -rrb- `` yes ! '' 
 they said `` yes ! '' 
 i have n't been this excited about a `` yes '' since prom night ! 
 ok , calm down . 
 i have limited paper to work with . 
 these cards were intended to label batches of samples . 
 i have about 50 cards . 
 i can use both sides , and if it comes down to it , i can re-use them by scratching out the old question . 
 the sharpie i 'm using will last much longer than the cards , so ink is n't a problem . 
 but i have to do all my writing in the hab . 
 i do n't know what kind of hallucinogenic crap that ink is made of , but i 'm pretty sure it would boil off in 1/90th of an atmosphere . 
 i 'm using old parts of the antenna array to hold the cards up . 
 there 's a certain irony in that . 
 we 'll need to talk faster than yes/no questions every half-hour . 
 the camera can rotate 360 degrees , and i have plenty of antenna parts . 
 time to make an alphabet . 
 but i ca n't just use the letters a through z. with my question card , that would be 27 cards around the lander . 
 each one would only get 13 degrees of arc . 
 even if jpl points the camera perfectly , there 's a good chance i wo n't know which letter they meant . 
 so i 'll have to use ascii . 
 that 's how computers manage characters . 
 each character has a numerical code between 0 and 255 . 
 values between 0 and 255 can be expressed as 2 hexadecimal digits . 
 by giving me pairs of hex digits , they can send any character they like , including numbers , punctuation , etc. . 
 how do i know which values go with which characters ? 
 because johanssen 's laptop is a wealth of information . 
 i knew she 'd have an ascii table in there somewhere . 
 all computer geeks do . 
 so i 'll make cards for 0 through 9 , and a through f . 
 that makes 16 cards to place around the camera , plus the question card . 
 17 cards means over 21 degrees each . 
 much easier to deal with . 
 time to get to work ! 
 spell with ascii . 
 numbers 0-f at 21 degree increments . 
 will watch camera starting 11:00 my time . 
 when message done , return to this position . 
 wait 20 minutes after completion to take picture -lrb- so i can write and post reply -rrb- . 
 repeat process at top of every hour . 
 s. . . 
 t. . . 
 a. . . 
 t. . . 
 u. . . 
 s no physical problems . 
 all hab components functional . 
 eating 3/4 rations . 
 successfully growing crops in hab with cultivated soil . 
 note : situation not ares 3 crew 's fault . 
 bad luck . 
 h. . . 
 o. . . 
 w. . . 
 a. . . 
 l. . . 
 i. . . 
 v. . . 
 e impaled by antenna fragment . 
 knocked out by decompression . 
 landed face down , blood sealed hole . 
 woke up after crew left . 
 bio-monitor computer destroyed by puncture . 
 crew had reason to think me dead . 
 not their fault . 
 c. . . 
 r. . . 
 o. . . 
 p. . . 
 s. . . ? 
 long story . 
 extreme botany . 
 have 126 m2 farmland growing potatoes . 
 will extend food supply , but not enough to last until ares 4 landing . 
 modified rover for long distance travel , plan to drive to ares 4 . 
 w. . . 
 e. . . 
 s. . . 
 a. . . 
 w. . . 
 - ... s. . . 
 a. . . 
 t. . . 
 l. . . 
 i. . . 
 t. . . 
 e government watching me with satellites ? 
 need tinfoil hat ! 
 also need faster way to communicate . 
 speakandspell taking all damn day . 
 any ideas ? 
 b. . . 
 r. . . 
 i. . . 
 n. . . 
 g. . . 
 s. . . 
 j. . . 
 r. . . 
 n. . . 
 r. . . 
 o. . . 
 u. . . 
 t sojourner rover brought out , placed 1 meter due north of lander . 
 if you can contact it , i can draw hex numbers on the wheels and you can send me six bytes at a time . 
 s. . . 
 j. . . 
 r. . . 
 n. . . 
 r. . . 
 n. . . 
 o. . . 
 t. . . 
 r. . . 
 s. . . 
 p. . . 
 n. . . 
 d damn . 
 any other ideas ? 
 need faster communication . 
 w. . . 
 o. . . 
 r. . . 
 k. . . 
 i. . . 
 n. . . 
 g. . . 
 o. . . 
 n. . . 
 i. . . 
 t earth is about to set . 
 resume 08:00 my time tomorrow morning . 
 tell family i 'm fine . 
 give crew my best . 
 tell commander lewis disco sucks . 
 `` i was up all night , '' said venkat . 
 `` forgive me if i 'm a little punchy . 
 who are you again ? '' 
 `` jack trevor , '' said the thin , pale man before venkat . 
 `` i work in software engineering . '' 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` we have an idea for communication . '' 
 `` i 'm all ears . '' 
 `` we 've been looking through the old pathfinder software . 
 we got duplicate computers up and running for testing . 
 same computers they used to find a problem that almost killed the original mission . 
 real interesting story , actually , turns out there was a priority inversion in sojourner 's thread management and - '' `` focus , jack , '' interrupted venkat . 
 `` right . 
 well , the thing is , pathfinder has an os update process . 
 so we can change the software to anything we want . '' 
 `` ok , how does this help us ? '' 
 `` pathfinder has two communication systems . 
 one to talk to us , the other to talk to sojourner . 
 we can change the second system to broadcast on the ares-3 rover frequency . 
 and we can have it pretend to be the beacon signal from the hab . '' 
 `` you can get pathfinder talking to mark 's rover ? '' 
 `` it 's the only option . 
 the hab 's radio is dead . 
 thing is , all the rover does is triangulate the signal to fix its location . 
 it does n't send data back to the hab . 
 it just has a voice channel for the astronauts to talk to each other . '' 
 `` so , '' venkat said , `` you can get pathfinder talking to the rover , but you ca n't get the rover talking back . '' 
 `` right . 
 what we want is for our text to show up on the rover screen , and whatever watney types to be sent back to us . 
 that requires a change to the rover 's software . '' 
 `` and we ca n't do that , '' venkat concluded . 
 `` because we ca n't talk to the rover . '' 
 `` not directly , '' jack said . 
 `` but we can send data to watney , and have him enter it in to the rover . '' 
 `` how much data are we talking about ? '' 
 `` i have guys working on the rover software right now . 
 the patch file will be 20 meg , minimum . 
 we can send one byte to watney every 4 seconds or so with the ` speakandspell . ' 
 it 'd take three years of constant broadcasting to get that patch across . 
 so that 's no good . '' 
 `` but you 're talking to me , so you have a solution , right ? '' 
 venkat probed . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 jack beamed . 
 `` software engineers are sneaky bastards when it comes to data management . '' 
 `` enlighten me , '' said venkat , patiently . 
 `` here 's the clever part , '' jack said , conspiratorially . 
 `` the rover currently parses the signal into bytes , then identifies the specific sequence the hab sends . 
 that way , natural radio waves wo n't throw off the homing . 
 if the bytes are n't right , the rover ignores them . '' 
 `` ok , so what ? '' 
 `` it means there 's a spot in the codebase where it 's got the parsed bytes . 
 we can insert a tiny bit of code , just 20 instructions , to write the parsed bytes to a log file before checking their validity . '' 
 `` this sounds promising ... '' venkat said . 
 `` it is ! '' 
 jack said excitedly . 
 `` first , we update pathfinder with our replacement os . 
 then , we tell watney exactly how to hack the rover software to add those 20 instructions . 
 then we broadcast the rover 's patch to pathfinder , which re-broadcasts it to the rover . 
 the rover logs the bytes to a file . 
 finally , watney launches the file as an executable and it patches the rover software ! '' 
 venkat furrowed his brow , taking in far more information than his sleep-deprived mind wanted to accept . 
 `` um , '' jack said . 
 `` you 're not cheering or dancing . '' 
 `` so we just need to send watney those 20 instructions ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` that , and how to edit the files . 
 and where to insert the instructions in the files . '' 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 `` just like that ! '' 
 venkat was silent for a moment . 
 `` jack . 
 i 'm going to buy your whole team autographed star trek memorabilia . '' 
 `` i prefer star wars . '' 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` i need a picture of watney . '' 
 `` hi , annie . 
 nice to hear from you , too . 
 how are things back in houston ? '' 
 `` cut the shit , venkat . 
 i need a picture . '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , '' venkat explained . 
 `` you 're talking to him with a fucking camera . 
 how hard can it be ? '' 
 `` we spell out our message , wait 20 minutes and then take a picture . 
 watney 's back in the hab by then . '' 
 `` so tell him to be around when you take the next picture , '' annie demanded . 
 `` we can only send one message per hour , and only when acidalia planitia is facing earth , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 're not going to waste a message just to tell him to pose for a photo . 
 besides , he 'll be in his eva suit . 
 you wo n't even be able to see his face . '' 
 `` i need something , venkat , '' annie said . 
 `` you 've been in contact for 24 hours and the media is going ape shit . 
 they want an image for the story . 
 it 'll be on every news site in the world . '' 
 `` you have the pictures of his notes . 
 make do with that . '' 
 `` not enough , '' annie said . 
 `` the press is crawling down my throat for this . 
 and up my ass . 
 both directions , venkat ! 
 they 're gon na meet in the middle ! '' 
 `` it 'll have to wait a few days . 
 we 're going to try and link pathfinder to the rover computer - '' `` a few days !? '' 
 annie gasped . 
 `` this is all anyone cares about right now . 
 in the world . 
 you see what i 'm getting at ? 
 this is the biggest story since apollo 13 . 
 give me a fucking picture ! '' 
 venkat sighed . 
 `` i 'll try to get it tomorrow . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` looking forward to it . '' 
 log entry : sol 98 i have to be watching the camera when it spells shit out . 
 it 's half a byte at a time . 
 so i watch a pair of numbers , then look them up on an ascii cheat-sheet i made . 
 that 's one letter . 
 i do n't want to forget any letters , so i scrape them in to the dirt with a rod . 
 the process of looking up a letter and scraping it in the dirt takes a couple of seconds . 
 sometimes when i look back at the camera , i 've missed a number . 
 i can usually guess it from context , but other times i just miss out . 
 today i got up hours earlier than i needed to . 
 it was like christmas morning ! 
 i could hardly wait for 08:00 to roll around . 
 i had breakfast , did some unnecessary checks on hab equipment , and read some poirot . 
 finally the time came ! 
 `` cnhakrvr2tlk2pthfdrprp4longmsg '' yeah . 
 took me a minute . 
 `` can hack rover to talk to pathfinder . 
 prepare for long message . '' 
 that took some mental gymnastics to work out . 
 but it was great news ! 
 if we could get that set up , we 'd only be limited by transmission time ! 
 i set up a note that said `` roger . '' 
 not sure what they meant by `` long message '' but i figured i better be ready . 
 i went out 15 minutes before the top of the hour and smoothed out a big area of dirt . 
 i found the longest antenna rod i had , so i could reach in to the smooth area without having to step on it . 
 then i stood by . 
 waiting . 
 at exactly the top of the hour , the message came . 
 `` lnchhexiditonrvrcmp , openfile - / usr/lib/habcomm . 
 so-scrolltilidxon lftis :2 aae5 , ovrwrt141bytswthdatawe ` llsndnxtmsg , standinvie w4nxtpic20minfterthsdone '' jesus . 
 ok ... they want me to launch ` hexedit ' on the rover 's computer , then open the file / usr/lib/habcomm . 
 so , scroll until the index reading on the left of the screen is 2aae5 , then replace the bytes there with a 141 byte sequence nasa will send in the next message . 
 fair enough . 
 also , for some reason , they want me to hang around for the next pic . 
 not sure why . 
 you ca n't see any part of me when i 'm in the suit . 
 even the faceplate would reflect too much light . 
 still , it 's what they want . 
 i went back in and copied down the message for future reference . 
 then i wrote a short note and came back out . 
 usually i 'd pin up the note and go back in . 
 but this time i had to hang around for a photo op . 
 i gave the camera a thumb 's - up to go along with my note , which said `` ayyyyyy ! '' 
 blame the ' 70 's tv . 
 `` i ask for a picture and i get the fonz ? '' 
 annie admonished . 
 `` you got your picture , quit bitching , '' venkat said , cradling the phone on his shoulder . 
 he paid more attention to the schematics in front of him than the conversation . 
 `` ayyyyyy ! '' 
 annie mocked . 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 `` have you met mark watney ? '' 
 `` fine , fine , '' annie said . 
 `` but i want a pic of his face asap . '' 
 `` ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because if he takes off his helmet , he 'll die . 
 annie , i have to go , one of the jpl programmers is here and it 's urgent . 
 bye ! '' 
 `` but - '' annie said as he hung up . 
 jack , in the doorway , said `` it 's not urgent . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , '' venkat said . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` we were thinking , '' jack began , `` this rover hack might get kind of detailed . 
 we may have to do a bunch of back-and-forth communication with watney . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' venkat said . 
 `` take your time , do it right . '' 
 `` we could get things done faster with a shorter transmission time , '' jack said . 
 venkat gave him a puzzled look . 
 `` do you have a plan for moving earth and mars closer together ? '' 
 `` earth does n't have to be involved , '' jack said . 
 `` hermes is 73 million km from mars right now . 
 only 4 light-minutes away . 
 beth johanssen is a great programmer . 
 she could talk mark through it . '' 
 `` out of the question , '' venkat said . 
 `` she 's the mission sysop , '' jack pressed on , `` this is her exact area of expertise . '' 
 `` ca n't do it , jack . 
 the crew still does n't know . '' 
 `` what is with you ? 
 why wo n't you just tell them ? '' 
 `` watney 's not my only responsibility , '' venkat said . 
 `` i 've got five other astronauts in deep space , who have to concentrate on their return trip . 
 nobody thinks about it , but statistically they 're in more danger than watney right now . 
 he 's on a planet . 
 they 're in space . '' 
 jack raised his arms . 
 `` fine , we 'll do it the slow way . '' 
 log entry : sol 98 -lrb- 2 -rrb- ever transcribed 141 random bytes , one half of a byte at a time ? 
 it 's boring . 
 and it 's tricky when you do n't have a pen . 
 earlier , i had just written letters in the sand . 
 but this time , i needed a way to get the numbers on to something portable . 
 my first plan was : use a laptop ! 
 each crewman had their own laptop . 
 so i have six at my disposal . 
 rather , i `` had '' six . 
 i now have five . 
 i thought a laptop would be fine outside . 
 it 's just electronics , right ? 
 it 'll keep warm enough to operate in the short term , and it does n't need air for anything . 
 it died instantly . 
 the screen went black before i was out of the airlock . 
 turns out the `` l '' in `` lcd '' stands for `` liquid . '' 
 i guess it either froze or boiled off . 
 maybe i 'll post a consumer review . 
 `` brought product to surface of mars . 
 it stopped working . 
 0/10 . '' 
 so i used a camera . 
 i 've got lots of them , specially made for working on mars . 
 i wrote the bytes in the sand as they came in , took a picture , then transcribed them in the hab . 
 it 's night now , so no more messages . 
 tomorrow , i 'll enter this in to the rover and the geeks at jpl can take it from there . 
 `` come on up here , jack , '' said venkat . 
 `` you get to be the most timward today . '' 
 `` thanks , '' said jack , taking venkat 's place next to tim . 
 `` heya , tim ! '' 
 `` jack , '' said tim . 
 `` how long will the patch take ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` should be pretty much instant , '' jack answered . 
 `` watney entered the hack earlier today , and we confirmed it worked . 
 we updated pathfinder 's os without any problems . 
 we sent the rover patch , which pathfinder rebroadcast . 
 once watney executes the patch and reboots the rover , we should get a connection . '' 
 `` jesus what a complicated process , '' venkat said . 
 `` try updating a linux server some time , '' jack said . 
 after a moment of silence , tim said `` you know he was telling a joke , right ? 
 that was supposed to be funny . '' 
 `` oh , '' said venkat . 
 `` i 'm a physics guy , not a computer guy . '' 
 `` he 's not funny to computer guys either . '' 
 `` you 're a very unpleasant man , tim , '' jack said . 
 `` system 's online , '' said tim . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's online . 
 fyi . '' 
 `` holy crap ! '' 
 jack said . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 venkat announced to the room . 
 -lsb- 11:18 -rsb- jpl : mark , this is venkat kapoor . 
 we 've been watching you since sol 49 . 
 the whole world 's been rooting for you . 
 amazing job , getting pathfinder . 
 we 're working on rescue plans . 
 jpl is adjusting ares 4 's mdv to do a short overland flight . 
 they 'll pick you up , then take you with them to schiaparelli . 
 we 're putting together a supply mission to keep you fed till ares 4 arrives . 
 -lsb- 11:29 -rsb- watney : glad to hear it . 
 really looking forward to not dying . 
 i want to make it clear it was n't the crew 's fault . 
 side question : what did they say when they found out i was alive ? 
 also , `` hi , mom ! '' 
 -lsb- 11:41 -rsb- jpl : tell us about your `` crops '' . 
 we estimated your food packs would last until sol 400 at 3/4 ration per meal . 
 will your crops affect that number ? 
 as to your question : we have n't told the crew you 're alive yet . 
 we wanted them to concentrate on their own mission . 
 -lsb- 11:52 -rsb- watney : the crops are potatoes , grown from the ones we were supposed to prepare on thanksgiving . 
 they 're doing great , but the available farmland is n't enough for sustainability . 
 i 'll run out food around sol 900 . 
 also : tell the crew i 'm alive ! 
 what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
 -lsb- 12:04 -rsb- jpl : we 'll get botanists in to ask detailed questions and double-check your work . 
 your life is at stake , so we want to be sure . 
 sol 900 is great news . 
 it 'll give us a lot more time to get the supply mission together . 
 also , please watch your language . 
 everything you type is being broadcast live all over the world . 
 -lsb- 12:15 -rsb- watney : look ! 
 a pair of boobs ! 
 - > -lrb- . 
 y. -rrb- `` thank you , mr. president , '' teddy said in to the phone . 
 `` i appreciate the call , and i 'll pass your congratulations on to the whole organization . '' 
 hanging up , he saw mitch henderson in the doorway . 
 `` this a good time ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` come in , mitch , '' teddy said . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 `` thanks , '' mitch said , sitting in a fine leather couch . 
 `` good day today ! '' 
 `` yes , it was , '' teddy agreed . 
 `` another step closer to getting watney back alive . '' 
 `` yeah , about that , '' said mitch . 
 `` you probably know why i 'm here . '' 
 `` i can take a guess , '' said teddy . 
 `` you want to tell the crew watney 's alive . '' 
 `` yes , '' mitch said . 
 `` and you 're bringing this up with me while venkat is in pasadena , so he ca n't argue the other side . '' 
 `` i should n't have to clear this with you or venkat or anyone else . 
 i 'm the flight director . 
 it should have been my call from the beginning , but you two stepped in and overrode me . 
 ignoring all that , we agreed we 'd tell them when there was hope . 
 and now there 's hope . 
 we 've got communication , we have a plan for rescue in the works , and his farm buys us enough time to get him supplies . '' 
 `` ok , tell them . '' 
 teddy said . 
 mitch paused . 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 `` i knew you 'd be here sooner or later , so i already thought it through and decided . 
 go ahead and tell them . '' 
 mitch stood up . 
 `` all right . 
 thanks , '' he said as he left the office . 
 teddy swiveled in his chair and looked out his windows to the night sky . 
 he pondered the faint , red dot amongst the stars . 
 `` hang in there watney , '' he said to no one . 
 `` we 're coming . '' 
 chapter 12 watney slept peacefully in his bunk . 
 he shifted slightly as some pleasant dream put a smile on his face . 
 the previous day had been particularly labor-intensive , so he slept deeper and better than he had in a long time . 
 `` good morning crew ! '' 
 lewis called out . 
 `` it 's a brand new day ! 
 up and at 'em ! '' 
 watney added his voice to a chorus of groans . 
 `` come on , '' lewis prodded , `` no bitching . 
 you got 40 minutes more sleep than you would 've on earth . '' 
 martinez was first out of his bunk . 
 an air-force man , he could match lewis 's navy schedule with ease . 
 `` morning , commander , '' he said crisply . 
 johanssen sat up , but made no further move toward the harsh world outside her blankets . 
 a career software-engineer , mornings were never her forte . 
 vogel slowly lumbered from his bunk , checking his watch . 
 he wordlessly pulled on his jumpsuit , smoothing out what wrinkles he could . 
 he sighed inwardly at the grimy feeling of another day without a shower . 
 watney turned away from the noise , hugging a pillow to his head . 
 `` noisy people go away , '' he mumbled . 
 `` beck ! '' 
 martinez called out , shaking the mission 's doctor . 
 `` rise and shine , bud ! '' 
 `` yeah , ok , '' beck said blearily . 
 johanssen fell out of her bunk , then remained on the floor . 
 pulling the pillow from watney 's hands , lewis said `` let 's move , watney ! 
 uncle sam paid $ 100,000 for every second we 'll be here . '' 
 `` bad woman take pillow , '' watney groaned , unwilling to open his eyes . 
 `` back on earth , i 've tipped 200-pound men out of their bunks . 
 want to see what i can do in 0.4 g ? '' 
 `` no , not really , '' watney said , sitting up . 
 having rousted the troops , lewis sat at the comm station to check overnight messages from houston . 
 watney shuffled to the ration cupboard and grabbed a breakfast at random . 
 `` hand me an ` eggs ' , will ya , '' martinez said . 
 `` you can tell the difference ? '' 
 watney said , passing martinez a pack . 
 `` not really , '' martinez said . 
 `` beck , what 'll you have ? '' 
 watney continued . 
 `` do n't care , '' beck said . 
 `` give me whatever . '' 
 watney tossed a pack to him . 
 `` vogel , your usual sausages ? '' 
 `` ja , please , '' vogel responded . 
 `` you know you 're a stereotype , right ? '' 
 `` i am comfortable with that , '' vogel replied , taking the proffered breakfast . 
 `` hey sunshine , '' watney called to johanssen . 
 `` eating breakfast today ? '' 
 `` mnrrn , '' johanssen grunted . 
 `` pretty sure that 's a no , '' watney guessed . 
 the crew ate in silence . 
 johanssen eventually trudged to the ration cupboard and got a coffee packet . 
 clumsily adding hot water , she sipped it until wakefulness crept in . 
 `` mission updates from houston , '' lewis said . 
 `` satellites show a storm coming , but we can do surface ops before it gets here . 
 vogel , martinez , you 'll be with me outside . 
 johanssen , you 're stuck tracking weather reports . 
 watney , your soil experiments are bumped up to today . 
 beck , run the samples from yesterday 's eva through the spectrometer . '' 
 `` should you really go out with a storm on the way ? '' 
 beck asked . 
 `` houston authorized it , '' lewis said . 
 `` seems needlessly dangerous . '' 
 `` coming to mars was needlessly dangerous , '' lewis said . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 beck shrugged . 
 `` just be careful . '' 
 three figures looked eastward . 
 their bulky eva suits rendered them nearly identical . 
 only the european union flag on vogel 's shoulder distinguished him from lewis and martinez , who donned the stars and stripes . 
 the darkness to the east undulated and flickered in the rays of the rising sun . 
 `` the storm . '' 
 vogel said in his accented english . 
 `` it is closer than houston reported . '' 
 `` we 've got time , '' lewis said . 
 `` focus on the task at hand . 
 this eva 's all about chemical analysis . 
 vogel , you 're the chemist , so you 're in charge of what we dig up . '' 
 `` ja , '' vogel said . 
 `` please dig 30 centimeters and get soil samples . 
 at least 100 grams each . 
 very important is 30 centimeters down . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` stay within 100 meters of the hab , '' she added . 
 `` mm , '' vogel said . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' said martinez . 
 they split up . 
 greatly improved since the days of apollo , ares eva suits allowed much more freedom of motion . 
 digging , bending over , and bagging samples were trivial tasks . 
 after a time , lewis asked `` how many samples do you need ? '' 
 `` seven each , perhaps ? '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' lewis confirmed . 
 `` i 've got four so far . '' 
 `` five here , '' martinez said . 
 `` of course , we ca n't expect the navy to keep up with the air force , now can we ? '' 
 `` so that 's how you want to play it ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` just call 'em as i see 'em commander . '' 
 `` johanssen here , '' came the sysop 's voice over the radio . 
 `` houston 's upgraded the storm to ` severe ' . 
 it 's going to be here in 15 minutes . '' 
 `` back to base , '' lewis said . 
 the hab shook in the roaring wind as the astronauts huddled in the center . 
 all six of donned their eva suits in case of a breach . 
 johanssen watched her laptop while the rest watched her . 
 `` sustained winds over 100kph now , '' she said . 
 `` gusting to 125 . '' 
 `` jesus , we 're gon na end up in oz , '' watney said . 
 `` what 's the abort windspeed ? '' 
 `` technically 150kph , '' martinez said . 
 `` any more than that and the mav 's in danger of tipping . '' 
 `` any predictions on the storm track ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` this is the edge of it , '' johanssen said , staring at her screen . 
 `` it 's gon na get worse before it gets better . '' 
 the hab canvas rippled under the brutal assault as the internal supports bent and shivered with each gust . 
 the cacophony grew louder by the minute . 
 `` all right , '' lewis said . 
 `` prep for abort . 
 we 'll go to the mav and hope for the best . 
 if the wind gets too high , we 'll launch . '' 
 leaving the hab in pairs , they grouped up outside airlock 1 . 
 the driving wind and sand battered them , but they were able to stay on their feet . 
 `` visibility is almost zero , '' lewis said . 
 `` if you get lost , home in on my suit 's telemetry . 
 the wind 's gon na be rougher away from the hab , so be ready . '' 
 pressing through the gale , they stumbled toward the mav . 
 `` hey , '' watney panted , `` maybe we could shore up the mav . 
 make tipping less likely . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 lewis huffed . 
 `` we could use cables from the solar farm as guy lines . '' 
 he wheezed for a few moments , then continued . 
 `` the rovers could be anchors . 
 the trick would be getting the line around the - '' flying wreckage slammed watney , carrying him off in to the wind . 
 `` watney ! '' 
 johanssen exclaimed . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` something hit him ! '' 
 johanssen reported . 
 `` watney , report , '' lewis said . 
 no reply . 
 `` watney , report , '' lewis repeated . 
 again , she was met with silence . 
 `` he 's offline , '' johanssen reported . 
 `` i do n't know where he is ! '' 
 `` commander , '' beck said , `` before we lost telemetry , his decompression alarm went off ! '' 
 `` shit ! '' 
 lewis exclaimed . 
 `` johanssen where did you last see him ? '' 
 `` he was right in front of me and then he was gone , '' she said . 
 `` he flew off due west . '' 
 `` ok , '' lewis said . 
 `` martinez , get to the mav and prep for launch . 
 everyone else , home in on johanssen . '' 
 `` doctor beck , '' vogel said as he stumbled through the storm , `` how long can a person survive decompression ? '' 
 `` less than a minute , '' beck said , emotion choking his voice . 
 `` i ca n't see anything , '' johanssen said as the crew crowded around her . 
 `` line up and walk west , '' lewis commanded . 
 `` small steps . 
 he 's probably prone ; we do n't want to step over him . '' 
 staying in sight of one another , they trudged through the chaos . 
 martinez fell in to the mav airlock and forced it closed against the wind . 
 once it pressurized he quickly doffed his suit . 
 climbing the ladder to the crew compartment , he slid in to the pilot 's couch and booted the system . 
 grabbing the emergency-launch checklist with one hand , he flicked switches rapidly with the other . 
 one by one , the systems reported flight-ready status . 
 as they came online , he noted one in particular . 
 `` commander , '' he radioed , `` the mav 's got a 7 degree tilt . 
 it 'll tip at 12.3 . '' 
 `` copy that , '' lewis said . 
 `` johanssen , '' beck said , looking at his arm computer , `` watney 's bio-monitor sent something before going offline . 
 my computer just says ` bad packet . ' '' 
 `` i have it , too , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it did n't finish transmitting . 
 some data 's missing and there 's no checksum . 
 gim me a sec . '' 
 `` commander , '' martinez said . 
 `` message from houston . 
 we 're officially scrubbed . 
 the storm 's definitely gon na be too rough . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` they sent that four and a half minutes ago , '' martinez continued , `` while looking at satellite data from nine minutes ago . '' 
 `` understood , '' lewis said . 
 `` continue prepping for launch . '' 
 `` copy , '' martinez said . 
 `` beck , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i have the raw packet . 
 it 's plaintext : bp 0 , pr 0 , tp 36.2 . 
 that 's as far as it got . '' 
 `` copy , '' beck said morosely . 
 `` blood pressure 0 , pulse rate 0 , temperature normal . '' 
 the channel fell silent for some time . 
 they continued pressing forward , shuffling through the sandstorm , hoping for a miracle . 
 `` temperature normal ? '' 
 lewis said , a hint of hope in her voice . 
 `` it takes a while for the - '' beck stammered . 
 `` it takes a while to cool . '' 
 `` commander , '' martinez said . 
 `` tilting at 10.5 degrees now , with gusts pushing it to 11 . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` are you at pilot-release ? '' 
 `` affirmative , '' martinez replied . 
 `` i can launch any time . '' 
 `` if it tips , can you launch before it falls completely over ? '' 
 `` uh , '' martinez said , not expecting the question . 
 `` yes ma'am . 
 i 'd take manual control and go full throttle . 
 then i 'd nose up and return to pre-programmed ascent . '' 
 `` copy that , '' lewis said . 
 `` everyone home in on martinez 's suit . 
 that 'll get you to the mav airlock . 
 get in and prep for launch . '' 
 `` what about you , commander ? '' 
 beck asked . 
 `` i 'm searching a little more . 
 get moving . 
 and martinez , if you start to tip , launch . '' 
 `` you really think i 'll leave you behind ? '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` i just ordered you to , '' lewis replied . 
 `` you three , get to the ship . '' 
 they reluctantly obeyed lewis 's order , and made their way toward the mav . 
 the punishing wind fought them every step of the way . 
 unable to see the ground , lewis shuffled forward . 
 remembering something , she reached to her back and got a pair of rock-drill bits . 
 she had added the 1-meter bits to her equipment that morning , anticipating geological sampling later in the day . 
 holding one in each hand , she dragged them along the ground as she walked . 
 after 20 meters , she turned around and walked the opposite direction . 
 walking a straight line proved to be impossible . 
 not only did she lack visual references , the endless wind pushed her off course . 
 the sheer volume of attacking sand buried her feet with each step . 
 grunting , she pressed on . 
 beck , johanssen , and vogel squeezed in to the mav airlock . 
 designed for two , it could be used by three in emergencies . 
 as it equalized , lewis 's voice came over the radio . 
 `` johanssen , '' she said . 
 `` would the rover ir camera do any good ? '' 
 `` negative , '' johanssen replied . 
 `` ir ca n't get through sand any better than visible light . '' 
 `` what 's she thinking ? '' 
 beck asked after removing his helmet . 
 `` she 's a geologist . 
 she knows ir ca n't get through a sandstorm . '' 
 `` she is grasping , '' vogel said , opening the inner door . 
 `` we must get to the couches . 
 please hurry . '' 
 `` i do n't feel good about this , '' beck said . 
 `` neither do i , doctor , '' said vogel , climbing the ladder . 
 `` but the commander has given us orders . 
 insubordination will not help . '' 
 `` commander , '' martinez radioed , `` we 're tilting 11.6 degrees . 
 one good gust and we 're tipping . '' 
 `` what about the proximity radar ? '' 
 lewis said , `` could it detect watney 's suit ? '' 
 `` no way , '' martinez said . 
 `` it 's made to see hermes in orbit , not the metal in a single space suit . '' 
 `` give it a try , '' lewis said . 
 `` commander , '' said beck , putting on a headset as he slid in to his acceleration couch . 
 `` i know you do n't want to hear this , but watn - ... mark 's dead . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` martinez , try the radar . '' 
 `` roger , '' martinez radioed . 
 bringing the radar online , he waited for it to complete a self check . 
 glaring at beck , he said `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 `` my friend just died , '' beck answered . 
 `` and i do n't want my commander to die too . '' 
 martinez gave him a stern look . 
 turning his attention back to the radar , he radioed `` negative contact on proximity radar . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` it can barely see the hab , '' he replied . 
 `` the sandstorm 's fucking things up . 
 even if it was n't , there 's not enough metal in - shit ! '' 
 `` strap in ! '' 
 he yelled to the crew . 
 `` we 're tipping ! '' 
 the mav began to creaking as it tilted faster and faster . 
 `` 13 degrees , '' johanssen called out from her couch . 
 buckling his restraints , vogel said `` we are far past balance . 
 we will not rock back . '' 
 `` we ca n't leave her ! '' 
 beck yelled . 
 `` let it tip , we 'll fix it ! '' 
 `` 32 metric tons including fuel , '' martinez said , his hands flying over the controls . 
 `` if it hits the ground , it 'll do structural damage to the tanks , frame , and probably the second stage engine . 
 we 'd never be able to fix it . '' 
 `` you ca n't abandon her ! '' 
 beck said . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 `` i 've got one trick . 
 if that does n't work , i 'm following her orders . '' 
 bringing the orbital maneuvering system online , he fired a sustained burn from the nosecone array . 
 the small thrusters fought against the lumbering mass of the slowly tilting spacecraft . 
 `` you are firing the oms ? '' 
 vogel asked . 
 `` i do n't know if it 'll work . 
 we 're not tipping very fast , '' martinez said . 
 `` i think it 's slowing down ... '' `` the aerodynamic caps will have automatically ejected . '' 
 vogel said . 
 `` it will be a bumpy ascent with three holes in the side of the ship . '' 
 `` thanks for the tip , '' martinez said , maintaining the burn and watching the tilt readout . 
 `` c'mon ... '' `` still 13 degrees , '' johanssen reported . 
 `` what 's going on up there ? '' 
 lewis radioed . 
 `` you went quiet . 
 respond . '' 
 `` standby , '' martinez replied . 
 `` 12.9 degrees , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it is working , '' vogel said . 
 `` for now , '' martinez said . 
 `` i do n't know if maneuvering fuel will last . '' 
 `` 12.8 now . '' 
 johanssen supplied . 
 `` oms fuel at 60 percent , '' beck said . 
 `` how much do you need to dock with hermes ? '' 
 `` 10 percent if i do n't fuck anything up , '' martinez said , adjusting the thrust angle . 
 `` 12.6 , '' johanssen said . 
 `` we 're tipping back . '' 
 `` or the wind died down a little , '' beck postulated . 
 `` fuel at 45 percent . '' 
 `` there is danger of damage to the vents , '' vogel cautioned . 
 `` the oms was not made for prolonged thrusts , '' `` i know , '' martinez said . 
 `` i can dock without nose vents if i have to . '' 
 `` almost there ... '' johanssen said . 
 `` ok we 're under 12.3 . '' 
 `` oms cutoff , '' martinez announced , terminating the burn . 
 `` still tipping back , '' johanssen said . 
 `` 11.6 ... 11.5 ... holding at 11.5 '' `` oms fuel at 22 percent , '' beck said . 
 `` yeah , i see that , '' martinez replied . 
 `` it 'll be enough . '' 
 `` commander , '' beck radioed . 
 `` you need to get to the ship now . '' 
 `` agreed , '' martinez radioed . 
 `` he 's gone , ma'am . 
 watney 's gone . '' 
 the four crewmates awaited their commander 's response . 
 `` copy , '' she finally replied . 
 `` on my way . '' 
 they lay in silence , strapped to their couches and ready for launch . 
 beck looked at watney 's empty couch and saw vogel doing the same . 
 martinez ran a self-check on the nosecone oms thrusters . 
 they were no longer safe for use . 
 he noted the malfunction in his log . 
 the airlock cycled . 
 after removing her suit , lewis made her way to the flight cabin . 
 she wordlessly strapped in to her couch , her face a frozen mask . 
 only martinez dared speak . 
 `` still at pilot release , '' he said quietly . 
 `` ready for launch . '' 
 lewis closed her eyes and nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry , commander , '' martinez said . 
 `` you need to verbally - '' `` launch , '' she said . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' he replied , activating the sequence . 
 the retaining clamps ejected from the launch gantry , falling to the ground . 
 seconds later , preignition pyros fired , igniting the main engines , and the mav lurched upward . 
 the ship slowly gained speed . 
 as it did , wind-sheer blew it laterally off course . 
 sensing the problem , the ascent software angled the ship in to the wind to counteract it . 
 as fuel was consumed , the ship got lighter , and the acceleration more pronounced . 
 rising at this exponential rate , the craft quickly reached maximum acceleration . 
 a limit defined not by the ship 's power , but by the delicate human bodies inside . 
 as the ship soared , the open oms ports took their toll . 
 the crew rocked in their couches as the craft shook violently . 
 martinez and the ascent software kept it trim , though it was a constant battle . 
 the turbulence tapered off and eventually fell to nothing as the atmosphere became thinner and thinner . 
 suddenly , all force stopped . 
 the first stage had completed . 
 the crew experienced weightlessness for several seconds , then were pressed back in to their couches as the next stage began . 
 outside , the now-empty first stage fell away , eventually to crash on some unknown area of the planet below . 
 the second stage pushed the ship ever higher , and in to low orbit . 
 lasting less time than the massive first stage , and running much smoother , it seemed almost like an afterthought . 
 abruptly , the engine stopped , and an oppressive calm replaced the previous cacophony . 
 `` main engine shutdown , '' martinez said . 
 `` ascent time : 8 minutes , 14 seconds . 
 on course for hermes intercept . '' 
 normally , an incident-free launch would be cause for celebration . 
 this one earned only silence broken by johanssen 's gentle sobbing . 
 four months later ... nasa was loathe to waste research time . 
 trips to and from mars were as busy as surface operations . 
 the crew had almost caught up with the backlog of work . 
 the schedule had been made for six , not five . 
 beck tried not to think about the painful reason he was doing zero-g plant growth experiments . 
 he noted the size and shape of the fern leaves , took photos , and made notes . 
 having completed his science schedule for the day , he checked his watch . 
 perfect timing . 
 the data dump would be completing soon . 
 he floated past the reactor to the semicone-a ladder . 
 traveling feet-first along the ladder , he soon had to grip it in earnest as the centripetal force of the rotating ship took hold . 
 by the time he reached semicone-a he was at 0.4 g. no mere luxury , the artificial gravity kept them fit . 
 without it , they would have spent their first week on mars barely able to walk . 
 exercise regimens could keep the heart and bones healthy , but none had been devised that would give them full function from sol 1 . 
 because the ship was already designed for it , they used the system on the return trip as well . 
 johanssen sat at her station . 
 lewis sat in the adjacent seat while vogel and martinez hovered nearby . 
 the data dump carried emails and videos from home . 
 it was the high point of the day . 
 `` is it here yet ? '' 
 back asked as he entered the bridge . 
 `` almost , '' johanssen said . 
 `` 98 % . '' 
 `` you 're looking cheerful , martinez , '' beck said . 
 `` my son turned three yesterday , '' he beamed . 
 `` should be some pics of the party . 
 how about you ? '' 
 `` nothing special , '' beck said . 
 `` peer-reviews of a paper i wrote a few years back . '' 
 `` complete , '' johanssen said . 
 `` all the personal emails are dispatched to your laptops . 
 also there 's a telemetry update for vogel and a system update for me . 
 huh ... there 's a voice message addressed to the whole crew . '' 
 she looked over her shoulder to lewis . 
 lewis shrugged . 
 `` play it . '' 
 johanssen opened the message , then sat back . 
 `` hermes , this is mitch henderson , '' the message began . 
 `` henderson ? '' 
 martinez said , puzzled . 
 `` talking directly to us without capcom ? '' 
 lewis held her hand up to signal for silence . 
 `` i have some news , '' mitch 's voice continued , `` there 's no subtle way to put this : mark watney 's still alive . '' 
 johanssen gasped . 
 `` wha - '' beck stammered . 
 vogel stood agape as a shocked expression swept across his face . 
 martinez looked to lewis . 
 she leaned forward and pinched her chin . 
 `` i know that 's a surprise , '' mitch continued . 
 `` and i know you 'll have a lot of questions . 
 we 're going to answer those questions . 
 but for now i 'll just give you the basics . 
 `` he 's alive and healthy . 
 we found out two months ago and decided not to tell you ; we even censored personal messages . 
 i was strongly against all that . 
 we 're telling you now because we finally have communication with him and a viable rescue plan . 
 it boils down to ares 4 picking him up with a modified mdv . 
 `` we 'll get you a full write-up of what happened , but it 's definitely not your fault . 
 mark stresses that every time it comes up . 
 it was just bad luck . 
 `` take some time to absorb this . 
 your science schedules are cleared for tomorrow . 
 send all the questions you want and we 'll answer them . 
 henderson out . '' 
 the message 's end brought stunned silence to the bridge . 
 `` he ... he 's alive ? '' 
 martinez said , then smiled . 
 vogel nodded excitedly . 
 `` he lives . '' 
 johanssen stared at her screen in wide-eyed disbelief . 
 `` holy shit , '' beck laughed . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 commander ! 
 he 's alive ! '' 
 `` i left him behind , '' lewis said quietly . 
 the celebrations ceased immediately as the crew saw their commander 's inconsolable expression . 
 `` but , '' beck began , `` we all left togeth - '' `` you followed orders , '' lewis interrupted . 
 `` i left him behind . 
 in a barren , unreachable , godforsaken wasteland . '' 
 beck looked to martinez pleadingly . 
 martinez opened his mouth , but could find no words to say . 
 lewis trudged off the bridge . 
 chapter 13 the employees of deyo plastics worked double shifts . 
 there was talk of triple shifts if nasa increased the order again . 
 no one minded . 
 the overtime pay was spectacular and the funding was limitless . 
 woven carbon thread ran slowly through the press , which sandwiched it between polymer sheets . 
 the completed material was folded four times and glued together . 
 the resulting thick sheet was then coated with soft resin , and taken to the hot-room to set . 
 log entry : sol 114 now that nasa can talk to me , they wo n't shut the hell up . 
 they want constant updates on every hab system , and they 've got a room full of people trying to micromanage my crops . 
 it 's awesome to have a bunch of dipshits on earth telling me , a botanist , how to grow plants . 
 i mostly ignore them . 
 i do n't want to come off as arrogant here , but i 'm the best botanist on the planet . 
 one big bonus : email ! 
 just like the days back on hermes , i get data dumps . 
 of course they relay email from friends and family , but nasa also sends along choice messages from the public . 
 i 've gotten email from rock stars , athletes , actors and actresses , and even the president . 
 the coolest one is from my alma-mater , the university of chicago . 
 they say once you grow crops somewhere , you have officially `` colonized '' it . 
 so technically , i colonized mars . 
 in your face , neil armstrong ! 
 i go to the rover five times a day to check mail . 
 they can get a message from earth to mars , but they ca n't get it another 10 meters to the hab . 
 but hey , i ca n't bitch . 
 my odds of living through this are way higher now . 
 last i heard , they solved the weight problem on ares 4 's mdv . 
 once it lands here , they 'll ditch the heat shield , all the life support stuff , and a bunch of empty fuel tanks . 
 then they can take the seven of us -lrb- ares 4 's crew plus me -rrb- all the way to schiaparelli . 
 they 're already working on my duties for the surface ops . 
 how cool is that ? 
 in other news , i 'm learning morse code . 
 why ? 
 because it 's our back-up communication system . 
 nasa figured a decades-old probe is n't ideal as a sole means of communication . 
 if pathfinder craps out , i 'll spell messages with rocks , which nasa will see with satellites . 
 they ca n't reply , but at least we 'd have one-way communication . 
 why morse code ? 
 because making dots and dashes with rocks is a lot easier than making letters . 
 it 's a shitty way to communicate . 
 hopefully it wo n't come up . 
 all chemical reactions complete , the sheet was sterilized and moved to a cleanroom . 
 there , a worker cut a strip off the edge . 
 dividing the strip in to squares , he put each through a series of rigorous tests . 
 having passed inspection , the sheet was then cut to shape . 
 the edges were folded over , sewn , and resealed with resin . 
 a man with a clipboard made final inspections , independently verifying the measurements , then approved it for use . 
 log entry : sol 115 the meddling botanists have grudgingly admitted i did a good job . 
 they agree i 'll have enough food to last till sol 900 . 
 bearing that in mind , nasa has fleshed out the mission details of the supply probe . 
 at first , they were working on a desperate plan to get a probe here before sol 400 . 
 but i bought another 500 sols of life with my potato farm so they have more time to work on it . 
 they 'll launch next year during the hohmann transfer window , and it 'll take almost 9 months to get here . 
 it should arrive around sol 856 . 
 it 'll have plenty of food , a spare oxygenator , water reclaimer , and comm system . 
 three comm systems , actually . 
 i guess they are n't taking any chances , what with my habit of being nearby when radios break . 
 got my first email from hermes today . 
 nasa 's been limiting direct contact . 
 i guess they 're afraid i 'll say something like `` you abandoned me on mars you fuckwits ! '' 
 i know the crew is surprised to hear from the ghost of mars missions past , but c'mon . 
 i wish nasa was less of a nanny sometimes . 
 anyway , they finally let one email through from martinez : dear watney : sorry we left you behind , but we do n't like you . 
 you 're sort of a smart-ass . 
 and it 's a lot roomier on hermes without you . 
 we have to take turns doing your tasks , but it 's only botany -lrb- not real science -rrb- so it 's easy . 
 how 's mars ? 
 - martinez my reply : dear martinez : mars is fine . 
 when i get lonely i think of that steamy night i spent with your mom . 
 how are things on hermes ? 
 cramped and claustrophobic ? 
 yesterday i went outside and looked at the vast horizons . 
 i tell ya , martinez , they go on forever ! 
 - watney the employees carefully folded the sheet , and placed it in an argon-filled airtight shipping container . 
 printing out a sticker , the man with the clipboard placed it on the package . 
 `` project ares-3 ; hab canvas ; sheet al102 . '' 
 the package was placed on a charter plane and flown to edwards air force base in california . 
 it flew abnormally high , at great cost of fuel , to ensure a smoother flight . 
 upon arrival , the package was carefully transported by special convoy to pasadena . 
 once there , it was moved to the jpl white room for probe assembly . 
 over the next 5 weeks , engineers in white bodysuits assembled presupply 309 . 
 it contained al102 as well as 12 other hab canvas packages . 
 log entry : sol 116 it 's almost time for the second harvest . 
 ayup . 
 i wish i had a straw hat and some suspenders . 
 my re-seed of the potatoes went well . 
 i 'm beginning to see that crops on mars are extremely prolific , thanks to the billions of dollars worth of life support equipment around me . 
 i now have 400 healthy potato plants , each one making lots of calorie-filled taters for my dining enjoyment . 
 in just ten days they 'll be ripe ! 
 and this time , i 'm not replanting them as seed . 
 this is my food supply . 
 all natural , organic , martian-grown potatoes . 
 do n't hear that every day , do you ? 
 you may be wondering how i 'll store them . 
 i ca n't just pile them up ; most of them would go bad before i got around to eating them . 
 so instead , i 'll do something that would n't work at all on earth : throw them outside . 
 most of the water will be sucked out by the near-vacuum ; what 's left will freeze solid . 
 any bacteria planning to rot my taters will die screaming . 
 in other news , i got email from venkat kapoor : mark , some answers to your earlier questions : no , we will not tell our botany team to `` go fuck themselves . '' 
 i understand you 've been on your own for a long time , but we 're in the loop now , and it 's best if you listen to what we have to say . 
 the cubs finished the season at the bottom of the nl central . 
 the data transfer rate just is n't good enough for the size of music files , even in compressed formats . 
 so your request for `` anything , oh god anything but disco '' is denied . 
 enjoy your boogie fever . 
 also , an uncomfortable side note ... nasa is putting together a committee . 
 they want to see if there were any avoidable mistakes that led you to being stranded . 
 just a heads-up . 
 they may have questions for you later on . 
 keep us posted on your activities . 
 - kapoor my reply : venkat , tell the investigation committee they 'll have to do their witch-hunt without me . 
 and when they inevitably blame commander lewis , be advised i 'll publicly refute it . 
 also please tell them that each and every one of their mothers are prostitutes . 
 - watney ps : their sisters , too . 
 the presupply probes for ares-3 launched on 14 consecutive days during the hohmann transfer window . 
 presupply 309 was launched third . 
 the 251 day trip to mars was uneventful , needing only two minor course adjustments . 
 after several aerobraking maneuvers to slow down , it made its final descent toward acidalia planitia . 
 first , it endured reentry via a heat shield . 
 later , it released a parachute and detached the now expended shield . 
 once its onboard radar detected it was 30 meters from the ground , it cut loose the parachute and inflated balloons all around its hull . 
 it fell unceremoniously to the surface , bouncing and rolling , until it finally came to rest . 
 deflating its balloons , the onboard computer reported the successful landing back to earth . 
 then it waited 23 months . 
 log entry : sol 117 the water reclaimer is acting up . 
 six people will go through 18 liters of water per day . 
 so it 's made to process 20 . 
 but lately , it has n't been keeping up . 
 it 's doing 10 , tops . 
 do i generate 10 liters of water per day ? 
 no , i 'm not the urinating champion of all time . 
 it 's the crops . 
 the humidity inside the hab is a lot higher than it was designed for , so the water reclaimer is constantly filtering it out of the air . 
 i 'm not worried about it . 
 water is water . 
 the plants use it , i use it . 
 if need be , i can piss on the plants directly . 
 it 'll evaporate and condense on the walls . 
 i could make something to collect it , i 'm sure . 
 thing is , the water ca n't go anywhere . 
 it 's a closed system . 
 plus , i made like 600 liters from mdv fuel -lrb- remember the `` explosive hab '' incident ? -rrb- . 
 i could take baths and still have plenty left over . 
 nasa , however , is absolutely shitting itself . 
 they see the water reclaimer as a critical survival element . 
 there 's no backup , and they think i 'll die instantly without it . 
 to them , equipment failure is terrifying . 
 to me , it 's `` tuesday . '' 
 so instead of preparing for my harvest , i have to make extra trips to and from the rover to answer their questions . 
 each new message instructs me to try some new solution and report the results back . 
 so far we 've worked out it 's not the electronics , refrigeration system , instrumentation , or temperature . 
 i 'm sure it 'll turn out to be a little hole somewhere , then nasa will have 4 hours of meetings before telling me to cover it with duct tape . 
 lewis and beck opened presupply 309 . 
 working as best they could in their bulky eva suits , they removed the various portions of hab canvas and lay them on the ground . 
 three entire presupply probes were dedicated to the hab . 
 following a procedure they had practiced hundreds of times , they efficiently assembled the pieces . 
 special seal-strips between the patches ensured air-tight mating . 
 after erecting the main structure of the hab , they assembled the three airlocks . 
 sheet al102 had a hole perfectly sized for airlock 1 . 
 beck stretched the sheet tight to the seal-strips on the airlock 's exterior . 
 once all airlocks were in place , lewis flooded the hab with air and al102 felt pressure for the first time . 
 they waited an hour . 
 no pressure was lost ; the setup had been perfect . 
 log entry : sol 118 my conversation with nasa about the water reclaimer was boring and riddled with technical details . 
 so i 'll paraphrase it for you : me : `` this is obviously a clog . 
 how about i take the it apart and check the internal tubing ? '' 
 nasa : -lrb- after 5 hours of deliberation -rrb- `` no . 
 you 'll fuck it up and die . '' 
 so i took it apart . 
 yeah , i know . 
 nasa has a lot of ultra-smart people and i should really do what they say . 
 and i 'm being too adversarial , considering they spend all day working on how to save my life . 
 i just get sick of being told how to wipe my ass . 
 independence was one of the things they looked for when choosing ares astronauts . 
 it 's a 13-month mission , most of it spent many light-minutes away from earth . 
 they wanted people who would act on their own initiative , but at the same time , obey their commander . 
 if commander lewis were here , i 'd do whatever she said , no problem . 
 but a committee of faceless bureaucrats back on earth ? 
 sorry , i 'm just having a tough time with it . 
 i was really careful . 
 i labeled every piece as i dismantled it , and laid everything out on a table . 
 i have the schematics in the computer , so nothing was a surprise . 
 and just as i 'd suspected , there was a clogged tube . 
 the water reclaimer was designed to purify urine and strain humidity out of the air -lrb- you exhale almost as much water as you piss -rrb- . 
 i 've mixed my water with soil , making it mineral water . 
 the minerals built up in the water reclaimer . 
 i cleaned out the tubing and put it all back together . 
 it completely solved the problem . 
 i 'll have to do it again some day , but not for 100 sols or so . 
 no big deal . 
 i told nasa what i did . 
 our -lrb- paraphrased -rrb- conversation was : me : `` i took it apart , found the problem , and fixed it . '' 
 nasa : `` dick . '' 
 al102 shuddered in the brutal storm . 
 withstanding forces and pressure far greater than its design , it rippled violently against the airlock seal-strip . 
 other sections of canvas undulated along their seal-strips together , acting as a single sheet , but al102 had no such luxury . 
 the airlock barely moved , leaving al102 to take the full force of the tempest . 
 the layers of plastic , constantly bending , heated the resin from pure friction . 
 the new , more yielding environment allowed the carbon fibers to separate . 
 al102 stretched . 
 not much . 
 only 4 millimeters . 
 but the carbon fibers , usually 500 microns apart , now had a gap eight times that width in their midst . 
 after the storm abated , the lone remaining astronaut performed a full inspection of the hab . 
 but he did n't notice anything amiss . 
 the weak part of canvas was concealed by a seal-strip . 
 designed for a mission of 31 sols , al102 continued well past its planned expiration . 
 sol after sol went by , with the lone astronaut traveling in and out of the hab almost daily . 
 airlock 1 was closest to the rover charging station , so the astronaut preferred it to the other two . 
 when pressurized , the airlock expanded slightly ; when depressurized , it shrunk . 
 every time the astronaut used the airlock , the strain on al102 relaxed , then tightened anew . 
 pulling , stressing , weakening , stretching ... log entry : sol 119 i woke up last night to the hab shaking . 
 the medium-grade sandstorm ended as suddenly as it began . 
 it was only a category 3 storm with 50kph winds . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 still , it 's bit disconcerting to hear howling winds when you 're used to utter silence . 
 i 'm worried about pathfinder . 
 if the sandstorm damaged it , i 'll have lost my connection to nasa . 
 logically , i should n't worry . 
 the thing 's been on the surface for decades . 
 a little gale wo n't do any harm . 
 when i head outside , i 'll confirm pathfinder 's still functional before moving on to the sweaty , annoying work of the day . 
 yes , with each sandstorm comes the inevitable cleaning of the solar cells . 
 a time honored tradition by hearty martians such as myself . 
 it reminds me of growing up in chicago and having to shovel snow . 
 i 'll give my dad credit ; he never claimed it was to build character or teach me the value of hard work . 
 `` snow-blowers are expensive , '' he used to say . 
 `` you 're free . '' 
 once , i tried to appeal to my mom . 
 `` do n't be such a wuss , '' she suggested . 
 in other news , it 's seven sols till the harvest , and i still have n't prepared . 
 for starters , i need to make a hoe . 
 also , i need to make an outdoor shed for the potatoes . 
 i ca n't just pile them up outside . 
 the next major storm would cause the great martian potato migration . 
 anyway , all that will have to wait . 
 i 've got a full day today . 
 after cleaning the solar cells , i have to check the whole solar array make sure the storm did n't hurt it . 
 then i 'll need to do the same for the rover . 
 i better get started . 
 airlock 1 slowly depressurized to 1/90th of an atmosphere . 
 watney , donning an eva suit , waited for it to complete . 
 he had done it literally hundreds of times . 
 any apprehension he may have had on sol 1 was long gone . 
 now it was merely a boring chore before exiting to the surface . 
 as the depressurization continued , the hab 's atmosphere compressed the airlock and al102 stretched for the last time . 
 on sol 119 , the hab breached . 
 the initial tear was less than 1 millimeter . 
 the perpendicular carbon fibers should have prevented the rip from growing . 
 but countless abuses had stretched the vertical fibers apart and weakened the horizontal ones beyond use . 
 the full force of the hab 's atmosphere rushed through the breach . 
 within a tenth of a second , the rip was a meter long , running parallel to the seal-strip . 
 it propagated all the way around until it met its starting point . 
 the airlock was no longer attached to the hab . 
 the unopposed pressure violently launched the airlock like a cannonball as the hab exploded . 
 inside , the surprised watney slammed against the airlock 's back door with the force of the expulsion . 
 the airlock flew 40 meters before hitting the ground . 
 watney , barely recovered from the earlier shock , now endured another as he hit the front door , face first . 
 his faceplate took the brunt of the blow , the safety glass shattering into hundreds of small cubes . 
 his head slammed against the inside of the helmet , knocking him senseless . 
 the airlock tumbled across the surface for a further 15 meters . 
 the heavy padding of watney 's suit saved him from many broken bones . 
 he tried to make sense of the situation , but was barely conscious . 
 finally done tumbling , the airlock rested on its side amid a cloud of dust . 
 watney , on his back , stared blankly upward through the hole in his shattered faceplate . 
 a gash in his forehead trickled blood down his face . 
 regaining some of his wits , he got his bearings . 
 turning his head to the side , he looked through the back door 's window . 
 the collapsed hab rippled in the distance , a junkyard of debris strewn across the landscape in front of it . 
 then , a hissing sound reached his ears . 
 listening carefully , he realized it was not coming from his suit . 
 somewhere in the phone-booth sized airlock , a small breach was letting air escape . 
 he listened intently to the hiss . 
 then he touched his broken faceplate . 
 then he looked out the window again . 
 `` you fucking kidding me ? '' 
 he said . 
 chapter 14 audio log : sol 119 recording : i 've been laying here for a little while , trying to figure out what happened . 
 i should be more upset , but i took a pretty good whack to the head . 
 it had a calming effect . 
 so ... well , ok . 
 i 'm in the airlock . 
 i can see the hab out the window ; it 's a good 50 meters away . 
 normally , the airlock is attached to the hab . 
 so that 's a problem . 
 the airlock 's on its side , and i can hear a steady hiss . 
 so either it 's leaking or there are snakes in here . 
 either way , i 'm in trouble . 
 also , during the ... whatever the fuck happened ... i got bounced around like a pinball and smashed my faceplate . 
 air is notoriously uncooperative when it comes to giant , gaping holes in your eva suit . 
 looks like the hab is completely deflated and collapsed . 
 so even if i had a functional eva suit to leave the airlock with , i would n't have anywhere to go . 
 so that sucks . 
 i got ta ' think for a minute . 
 and i have to get out of this eva suit . 
 it 's bulky , and the airlock is cramped . 
 besides , it 's not like it 's doing me any good . 
 audio log : sol 119 recording : things are n't as bad as they seem . 
 i 'm still fucked , mind you . 
 just not as deeply . 
 not sure what happened to the hab , but the rover 's probably fine . 
 it 's not ideal , but at least it 's not leaky phone booth . 
 i 'm wearing beck 's eva suit . 
 i have n't worn my own since sol 6 when i got shish-kabobed . 
 beck 's suit was about the right size and did n't have a hole in it . 
 why does that matter right now ? 
 because , unlike my original suit , this one still has an unused patch kit . 
 do n't get excited . 
 it wo n't do the suit any good . 
 the patch kit is a cone-shaped valve with super sticky resin on the wide end . 
 it 's just too small to deal with a hole larger than 8cm . 
 and really , if you have a 9cm hole , you 're going to be dead way before you could whip out the kit . 
 still , it 's an asset , and maybe i can use it to stop the airlock leak . 
 and that 's my top priority right now . 
 it 's a small leak . 
 with the faceplate gone , the eva suit is effectively managing the whole airlock . 
 it 's been adding air to make up for the missing pressure . 
 but it 'll run out eventually . 
 i need to find the leak . 
 i think it 's near my feet , judging by the sound . 
 now that i 'm out of the suit , i can turn around and get a look ... i do n't see anything ... i can hear it , but ... it 's down here somewhere , but i do n't know where . 
 i can only think of one way to find it : start a fire ! 
 yeah , i know . 
 a lot of my ideas involve setting something on fire . 
 and yes , deliberately starting a fire in a tiny , enclosed space is usually a terrible idea . 
 but i need the smoke . 
 just a little wisp of it . 
 as usual , i 'm working with stuff that was deliberately designed not to burn . 
 but no amount of careful design by nasa can get around a determined arsonist with a tank of pure oxygen . 
 the eva suit is made entirely of non-flammable materials . 
 so is the airlock . 
 my clothes are fireproof as well , even the thread . 
 i was originally planning to check the solar array , doing repairs as needed after last night 's storm . 
 so i have my toolbox with me . 
 but looking through it , it 's all metal or non-flammable plastic . 
 i just realized i do have something flammable : my own hair . 
 it 'll have to do . 
 there 's a sharp knife in the tool-kit . 
 i 'll shave some arm hairs off into a little pile . 
 next step : oxygen . 
 back when i turned the hydrazine into water , i had tubing , garbage bags , and all sorts of other luxuries . 
 i wo n't have anything so refined is a pure oxygen flow . 
 all i can do is muck with the eva suit controls to increase oxygen percentage in the whole airlock . 
 i figure bumping it to 40 % will do . 
 all i need now is a spark . 
 the eva suit has electronics , but it runs on very low voltage . 
 i do n't think i could get an arc with it . 
 besides , i do n't want to tear up my suit 's electronics . 
 i need it working to get from the airlock to the rover . 
 the airlock itself has electronics , but it ran on hab power . 
 i guess nasa never considered what would happen if it was launched 50 meters . 
 lazy bums . 
 plastic might not burn , but anyone whose played with a balloon knows it 's great at building up static charge . 
 once i do that , i should be able to make a spark just by touching a metal tool . 
 fun fact : this is exactly how the apollo 1 crew died . 
 wish me luck ! 
 audio log : sol 119 recording : i 'm in a box full of burning hair smell . 
 it 's not a good smell . 
 on my first try , the fire lit , but the smoke just drifted randomly around . 
 my own breathing was screwing it up . 
 so i held my breath and tried again . 
 my second try , the eva suit threw everything off . 
 there 's a gentle flow of air coming out of the faceplate as the suit constantly replaces the missing air . 
 so i shut the suit down , held my breath , and tried again . 
 i had to be quick ; the pressure was dropping . 
 my third try , the quick arm movements i used to set the fire messed everything up . 
 just moving around makes enough turbulence to send the smoke everywhere . 
 the fourth time i kept the suit turned off , held my breath , and when the time came to light the fire , i did it very slowly . 
 then i watched as the little wisp of smoke drifted toward the floor of the airlock , disappearing through a hairline fracture . 
 i have you now , little leak ! 
 i gasped for air and turned the eva suit back on . 
 the pressure had dropped to 0.9 atmospheres during my little experiment . 
 but there was plenty of oxygen in the air for me any my hair-fire to breathe . 
 the suit quickly got things back to normal . 
 looking at the fracture , it 's pretty tiny . 
 it would be a cinch to seal it with the suit 's patch kit , but now that i think about it , that 's a bad idea . 
 i 'll need to do some kind of repair to the faceplate . 
 i do n't know how just yet , but the patch kit and its pressure-resistant resin is probably really important . 
 and i ca n't do it bit by bit , either . 
 once i break the seal on the patch kit , the binary components of the resin mix and i have 60 seconds before it hardens . 
 i ca n't just take a little to fix the crack . 
 given time , i might be able to come up with a plan for the faceplate . 
 then , i could take a few seconds during that plan to scrape resin over the airlock fracture . 
 but i do n't have time . 
 i 'm down to 40 % of my n2 tank . 
 i need to seal that fracture now , and i need to do it without using the patch kit . 
 first idea : little dutch boy . 
 i 'm licking my palm and placing it over the crack . 
 ok ... i ca n't quite make a perfect seal , so there 's airflow ... getting colder now ... getting pretty uncomfortable ... ok fuck this . 
 on to idea number two . 
 tape ! 
 i have duct tape in my tool box . 
 let 's slap some on and see if it slows the flow . 
 i wonder how long it will last before the pressure rips it . 
 putting it on now . 
 there we go ... still holding ... lem me check the suit ... readouts say the pressure is stable . 
 looks like the duct tape made a good seal . 
 let 's see if it holds ... audio log : sol 119 recording : it 's been 15 minutes , and the tape is still holding . 
 looks like that problem is solved . 
 sort of anticlimactic , really . 
 i was already working out how to cover the breach with ice . 
 i have 2 liters of water in the eva suit 's `` hamster-feeder '' . 
 i could have shut off the suit 's heating systems and let the airlock cool to freezing . 
 then i 'd ... well whatever . 
 coulda ' done it with ice . 
 i 'm just sayin ' . 
 all right . 
 on to my next problem : how do i fix the eva suit ? 
 duct tape might seal a hairline crack , but it ca n't hold an atmosphere of pressure against the size of my broken faceplate . 
 the patch kit is too small , but still useful . 
 i can spread the resin around the edge of where the faceplate was , then stick something on to cover the hole . 
 problem is , what do i use to cover the hole ? 
 something that can stand up to a lot of pressure . 
 looking around , the only thing i see that can hold an atmosphere is the eva suit itself . 
 there 's plenty of material to work with , and i can even cut it . 
 remember when i was cutting hab canvas in to strips ? 
 those same sheers are right here in my tool kit . 
 cutting a chunk out of my eva suit leaves it with another hole . 
 but a hole i can control the shape and location of . 
 yeah ... i think i see a solution here . 
 i 'm going to cut off my arm ! 
 well , no . 
 not my arm . 
 the eva suit 's arm . 
 i 'll cut right below the left elbow . 
 then i can cut along its length , turning it into a rectangle . 
 it 'll be big enough to seal the faceplate , and it 'll be held in place by the resin . 
 material designed to withstand atmospheric pressure ? 
 check . 
 resin designed to seal a breach against that pressure ? 
 check . 
 and what about the gaping hole on the stumpy arm ? 
 unlike my faceplate , the suit 's material is flexible . 
 i 'll press it together and seal it with resin . 
 i 'll have to press my left arm against my side while i 'm in the suit , but there 'll be room . 
 i 'll be spreading the resin pretty thin , but it 's literally the strongest adhesive known to man . 
 and it does n't have to be a perfect seal . 
 it just has to last long enough for me to get to safety . 
 and where will that `` safety '' be ? 
 not a damn clue . 
 anyway , one problem at a time . 
 right now i 'm fixing the eva suit . 
 audio log : sol 119 recording : cutting the arm off the suit was easy ; so was cutting along its length to make a rectangle . 
 those sheers are strong as hell . 
 cleaning the glass off the faceplate took longer than i 'd expected . 
 it 's unlikely it would puncture eva suit material , but i 'm not taking any chances . 
 besides , i do n't want glass in my face when i 'm wearing it . 
 then came the tricky part . 
 once i broke the seal on the patch kit , i had 60 seconds before the resin set . 
 i scooped it off the patch kit with my fingers and quickly spread it around the rim of the faceplate . 
 then , i took what was left and sealed the arm hole . 
 i pressed the rectangle of suit material on to the helmet . 
 i held it firmly with both hands while using my knee to keep pressure on the arm 's seam . 
 i held on until i 'd counted 120 seconds . 
 just to be sure . 
 it seemed to work well . 
 the seal looked strong and the resin was rock-hard . 
 i did , however , glue my hand to the helmet . 
 stop laughing . 
 in retrospect , using my fingers to spread the resin was n't the best plan . 
 fortunately , my left hand was still free . 
 after some grunting and a lot of profanities , i was able to reach the tool box . 
 once i got a screwdriver i chiseled myself free -lrb- feeling really stupid the whole time . -rrb- 
 using the arm computer , i had the suit overpressurize to 1.2 atmospheres . 
 the faceplate patch bowed outward , but otherwise held firm . 
 the arm filled in , threatening to tear the new seam , but stayed in one piece . 
 then i watched the readouts to see how airtight things were . 
 answer : not very . 
 the suit is designed for 8 hours of use . 
 that works out to 250ml of liquid oxygen . 
 just to be safe , the suit has a full liter of o2 capacity . 
 but that 's only half the story . 
 the rest of the air is nitrogen . 
 it 's just there to add pressure . 
 when the suit leaks , that 's what it backfills with . 
 the suit has 2 liters of liquid n2 storage . 
 it absolutely pissed the air out . 
 in 60 seconds it leaked so much it pressurized the whole airlock to 1.2 atmospheres . 
 let 's call the volume of the airlock 2 cubic meters . 
 the inflated eva suit probably takes up half of it . 
 so it took 5 minutes to add 0.2 atmospheres to 1 cubic meter . 
 that 's 285g of air -lrb- trust me on the math -rrb- . 
 the air in the tanks is around 1 gram per cubic centimeter , meaning i just lost 285ml . 
 the three tanks combined had 3000ml to start with . 
 a lot of that was used to maintain pressure while the airlock was leaking . 
 also , my breathing turned some oxygen in to carbon dioxide , which was captured by the suit 's co2 filters . 
 checking the readouts , i have 410ml of oxygen , 738ml of nitrogen . 
 together , they make almost 1150ml to work with . 
 that , divided by 285ml lost per minute ... once i 'm out of the airlock , this eva suit will only last 4 minutes . 
 fuck . 
 audio log : sol 119 recording : ok , i 've been thinking some more . 
 what good is going to the rover ? 
 i 'd just be trapped there instead . 
 the extra room would be nice , but i 'd still die eventually . 
 no water reclaimer , no oxygenator , no food . 
 take your pick ; all of those problems are fatal . 
 i need to fix the hab . 
 i know what to do ; we practiced it in training . 
 but it 'll take a long time . 
 i 'll have to scrounge around in the now-collapsed canvas to get the spare material for patching . 
 then i have to find the breach and seal-strip a patch in place . 
 but it 'll take hours to repair and my eva suit is shit . 
 i 'll need another suit . 
 martinez 's used to be in the rover . 
 i hauled it all the way to the pathfinder site and back , just in case i needed a spare . 
 but when i returned , i put it back in the hab . 
 damn it ! 
 all right , so i 'll need to get another suit before going to the rover . 
 which one ? 
 johanssen 's is too small for me -lrb- tiny little gal , our johanssen -rrb- . 
 lewis 's is full of water . 
 actually , by now it 's full of slowly sublimating ice . 
 the mangled , glued together suit i have with me is beck 's ; my original suit has a hole in it . 
 that just leaves martinez and vogel . 
 i left martinez 's near my bunk , in case i needed a suit in a hurry . 
 of course , after that sudden decompression , it could be anywhere . 
 still , it 's a place to start . 
 next problem : i 'm like 50 meters from the hab . 
 running in 0.4 g while wearing a bulky eva suit is n't easy . 
 at best , i can trundle 2 meters per second . 
 that 's a precious 25 seconds ; almost an eighth of my 4 minutes . 
 i 've got to bring that down . 
 but how ? 
 audio log : sol 119 recording : i 'll roll the damn airlock . 
 it 's basically a phone booth on its side . 
 i did some experiments . 
 i figured if i want it to roll , i 'll need to hit the wall as hard as possible . 
 and i have to be in the air at the time . 
 i ca n't press against some other part of the airlock . 
 the forces would cancel and it would n't move at all . 
 first i tried launching myself off one wall and slamming in to the other . 
 the airlock slid a little , but that 's it . 
 next , i tried doing a super-pushup to get airborne -lrb- 0.4 g yay ! -rrb- 
 then kicking the wall with both feet . 
 again , it just slid . 
 the third time , i got it right . 
 the trick is to plant both my feet on the ground , near the wall . 
 then i launch myself to the top of the opposite wall and hit with my back . 
 when i tried that just now , it was enough force and leverage to tip the airlock and roll it one face toward the hab . 
 the airlock is a meter wide , so ... sigh ... i have to do it like 50 more times . 
 i 'm gon na have a hell of a backache after this . 
 audio log : sol 120 recording : i have a hell of a backache . 
 the subtle and refined `` hurl my body at the wall '' technique had some flaws . 
 it only worked one out of every 10 tries , and it hurt a lot . 
 i had to take breaks , stretch out , and generally convince myself to body-slam the wall again and again . 
 it took all damn night , but i made it . 
 i 'm 10 meters from the hab now . 
 i ca n't get any closer , cause the debris from the decompression is all over the place . 
 this is n't an `` all-terrain '' airlock . 
 i ca n't roll over that shit . 
 it was morning when the hab popped . 
 now it 's morning again . 
 i 've been in this damn box for an entire day . 
 but i 'm leaving soon . 
 i 'm in the eva suit now , and ready to roll . 
 all right ... ok ... once more through the plan : use the manual valves to equalize the airlock . 
 get out and hurry to the hab . 
 wander around under the collapsed canvas . 
 find martinez 's suit -lrb- or vogel 's if i run in to it first -rrb- . 
 get to the rover . 
 then i 'm safe . 
 if i run out of time before finding a suit , i 'll just run to the rover . 
 i 'd be in trouble , but i 'd have time to think and materials to work with . 
 deep breath ... here we go ! 
 log entry : sol 120 i 'm alive ! 
 and i 'm in the rover ! 
 things did n't go exactly as planned , but i 'm not dead , so it 's a win . 
 equalizing the airlock went fine . 
 i was out on the surface within 30 seconds . 
 skipping toward the hab -lrb- the fastest way to move in this gravity -rrb- i passed through the field of debris . 
 the rupture had really sent things flying , myself included . 
 it was hard to see ; my faceplate was covered by the makeshift patch . 
 fortunately , my arm had a camera . 
 nasa discovered that turning your whole eva-suited body to look at something was a strenuous waste of time . 
 so they mounted a small camera on the right arm . 
 the feed is projected on the inner faceplate . 
 this allows us to look at things just by pointing at them . 
 i had to look at a rippled , messed-up version of the outside world . 
 the faceplate patch was n't exactly smooth or reflective . 
 still , it was enough to see what was going on . 
 i bee-lined for where the airlock used to be . 
 i knew there had to be a pretty big hole there , so i 'd be able to get in . 
 i found it easily . 
 and boy is it a nasty rip ! 
 it 's going to be a pain in the ass to fix it . 
 that 's when the flaws in my plan started to reveal themselves . 
 i only had one arm to work with . 
 my left arm was pinned against my body , while the stumpy arm of the suit bounced freely . 
 so as i moved around under the canvas , i had to use my one good arm to hold the canvas up . 
 it slowed me down . 
 from what i could see , the interior of the hab is chaos . 
 everything 's moved . 
 entire tables and bunks are meters away from where they started . 
 lighter objects are wildly jumbled , many of them out on the surface . 
 everything 's covered in soil and mangled potato plants . 
 trudging onward , i got to where i 'd left martinez 's suit . 
 to my shock , it was still there ! 
 `` yay ! '' 
 i naively thought . 
 `` problem solved . '' 
 unfortunately , the suit was pinned under a table , which was held down by the collapsed canvas . 
 if i 'd had both arms , i could have pulled it free , but with only one i just could n't do it . 
 running low on time , i detached the helmet . 
 setting it aside , i reached past the table to get martinez 's patch kit . 
 i found it with the help of the arm-camera . 
 i dropped it in the helmet and hauled ass out of there . 
 stumbling to the rover , i barely made it in time . 
 my ears were popping from pressure loss just as the rover 's airlock filled with wonderful 1-atmosphere air . 
 crawling in , i collapsed and panted for a moment . 
 so i 'm back in the rover . 
 just like i was back on the great pathfinder recovery expedition . 
 ugh . 
 at least this time it smells a little better . 
 nasa 's probably pretty worried about me by now . 
 they probably saw the airlock move back to the hab , so they know i 'm alive , but they 'll want status . 
 and as it happens , it 's the rover that communicates with pathfinder . 
 i tried to send a message but pathfinder is n't responding . 
 that 's not a big surprise . 
 it 's powered directly from the hab , and the hab is offline . 
 during my brief , panicked scramble outside , i saw pathfinder was right where i left it , and the debris did n't reach that far out . 
 it should be fine once i get it some power . 
 as for my current situation , the big gain is the helmet . 
 they 're interchangeable , so i can replace my broken-ass one with martinez 's . 
 the stumpy arm is still an issue , but the faceplate was the main source of leaks . 
 and with the fresh patch kit , i can seal the arm with more resin . 
 but that can wait . 
 i 've been awake for over 24 hours . 
 i 'm not in any immediate danger , so i 'm going to sleep . 
 log entry : sol 121 got a good night 's sleep , and made real progress today . 
 first thing i did was re-seal the arm . 
 last time , i had to spread the resin pretty thin ; i 'd used most of it for the faceplate patch . 
 but this time i had a whole patch kit just for the arm . 
 i got a perfect seal . 
 i still only had a one-armed suit , but at least it did n't leak . 
 i 'd lost most of my air yesterday , but i had a half-hour of oxygen left . 
 like i said earlier , a human body does n't need much oxygen . 
 maintaining pressure was the problem . 
 with that much time , i was able to take advantage of the rover 's eva tank-refill . 
 something i could n't do with the leaky suit . 
 the tank-refill is an emergency measure . 
 the expected use of the rover is to start with full eva suits and come back with air to spare . 
 it was n't designed for long trips , or even overnighters . 
 but , just in case of emergency , it has refill hoses mounted on the exterior . 
 inside space was limited already , and nasa concluded most air-related emergencies would be outdoors . 
 but refilling is slow , slower than my suit was leaking . 
 so it was n't any use to me . 
 now , with a solid suit capable of holding pressure , refilling the tanks was a breeze . 
 after refilling , and making sure the suit was still not leaking , i had a few immediate tasks to take care of . 
 much as i trust my handiwork , i wanted a two-armed suit . 
 i ventured back in to the hab . 
 this time , not being rushed , i was able to use a pole to leverage the table off martinez 's suit . 
 pulling it loose , i dragged it back to the rover . 
 after a thorough diagnostic to be sure , i finally had a fully-functional eva suit ! 
 it took me two trips to get it , but i got it . 
 tomorrow , i 'll fix the hab . 
 log entry : sol 122 the first thing i did today was line up rocks near the rover to spell `` a-ok '' . 
 that should make nasa happy . 
 i went in to the hab again to assess damage . 
 my priority will be to get the structure intact and holding pressure . 
 from there , i can work on fixing stuff that broke . 
 the hab is normally a dome , with flexible support poles maintaining the arch , and rigid , folding floor material to keep it flat . 
 the internal pressure was a vital part of its support . 
 without it , the whole thing collapsed . 
 i inspected the poles , and none of them had broken . 
 they 're just lying flat is all . 
 i 'll have to re-couple a few of them , but that 'll be easy . 
 the hole where airlock 1 used to be is huge , but surmountable . 
 i have seal-strips and spare canvas . 
 it 'll be a lot of work , but i can get the hab together again . 
 once i do , i 'll re-establish power and get pathfinder back online . 
 from there , nasa can tell me how to fix anything i ca n't figure out on my own . 
 i 'm not worried about any of that . 
 i have a much bigger problem . 
 the farm is dead . 
 with a complete loss of pressure , most of the water boiled off . 
 also , the temperature is well below freezing . 
 not even the bacteria in the soil can survive a catastrophe like that . 
 some of the crops were in pop-tents off the hab . 
 but they 're dead , too . 
 i had them connected directly to the hab via hoses to maintain air supply and temperature . 
 when the hab blew , the pop-tents depressurized as well . 
 even if they had n't , the freezing cold would have killed them . 
 potatoes are now extinct on mars . 
 so are earthworms and soil bacteria . 
 i 'll never grow another plant so long i 'm here . 
 we had it all planned out . 
 my farm would give me food till sol 900 . 
 a supply probe would get here on sol 856 ; way before i ran out . 
 with the farm dead , that plan is history . 
 the ration packs wo n't have been affected by the explosion . 
 and the potatoes may be dead , but they 're still food . 
 i was just about to harvest , so it was a good time for this to happen , i guess . 
 the rations will last me till sol 400 . 
 i ca n't say for sure how long the potatoes will last until i see how many i got . 
 but i can estimate . 
 i had 400 plants , probably averaging 5 potatoes each : 2000 taters . 
 at 150 calories each , i 'll need to eat 10 per sol to survive . 
 that means they 'll last me 200 sols . 
 grand total : i have enough food to last till sol 600 . 
 by sol 856 i 'll be long dead . 
 chapter 15 project iris -lsb- 08:12 -rsb- watney : test . 
 -lsb- 08:25 -rsb- jpl : received ! 
 you gave us quite a scare there . 
 thanks for the `` a-ok '' message . 
 our analysis of satellite imagery shows a complete detachment of airlock 1 . 
 is that correct ? 
 what 's your status ? 
 include your personal health and hab equipment . 
 -lsb- 08:39 -rsb- watney : if by `` detachment '' you mean `` shot me out like a cannon '' then yeah . 
 minor cut on my forehead . 
 had some issues with my eva suit -lrb- i 'll explain later -rrb- . 
 i patched up the hab and repressurized it -lrb- main air tanks were intact -rrb- . 
 i just got power back online . 
 primary air and water tanks were unharmed . 
 the rover , solar array , and pathfinder were out of blast range . 
 i 'll run diagnostics on the hab 's systems while i wait for your next reply . 
 by the way , who am i talking to ? 
 -lsb- 08:52 -rsb- jpl : venkat kapoor , in houston . 
 pasadena relays my messages . 
 i 'm going to handle all direct communication with you from now on . 
 check the oxygenator and water reclaimer first . 
 they 're the most important . 
 -lsb- 09:05 -rsb- watney : duh . 
 oxygenator functioning perfectly . 
 water reclaimer is completely offline . 
 best guess is water froze up inside and burst some tubing . 
 i 'm sure i can fix it . 
 hab 's main computer also functioning without any problems . 
 any idea what caused the hab to blow up ? 
 -lsb- 09:18 -rsb- jpl : best guess is fatigue on the canvas near airlock 1 . 
 the pressurization cycle stressed it until it failed . 
 from now on , alternate airlock 2 and 3 for all evas . 
 also , we 'll be getting you a checklist and procedures for a full canvas exam . 
 -lsb- 09:31 -rsb- watney : yay , i get to stare at a wall for several hours ! 
 by the way , the farm is dead . 
 i 've recovered as many potatoes as i could and stored them outside . 
 i count 1841 . 
 that will last me 184 days . 
 including the remaining mission rations , i 'll start starving on sol 584 . 
 -lsb- 09:44 -rsb- jpl : yeah , we figured . 
 working on it . 
 `` it 's sol 122 , '' bruce said . 
 `` we have until sol 584 to get a probe to mars . 
 that 's 462 sols , which is 475 days . '' 
 the assembled department heads of jpl furrowed their brows and rubbed their eyes . 
 `` first they needed a presupply way ahead of schedule , '' bruce continued . 
 `` now they need it even more ahead of schedule . '' 
 he stood from his chair . 
 `` the positions of earth and mars are n't ideal . 
 the trip will take 414 days . 
 mounting the probe to the booster and dealing with inspections will take 13 days . 
 that leaves us with just 48 days to make this probe . '' 
 sounds of whispered exasperation filled the room . 
 `` jesus , '' someone said . 
 `` it 's a whole new ballgame , '' bruce continued . 
 `` our focus is food . 
 anything else is a luxury . 
 we do n't have time to make a powered-descent lander . 
 it 'll have to be a tumbler . 
 so we ca n't put anything delicate inside . 
 say goodbye to the all the other crap we 'd planned to send . '' 
 `` where 's the booster coming from ? 
 `` asked norm toshi , who was in charge of the reentry process . 
 `` the eagleeye 3 saturn probe , '' bruce said . 
 `` it was scheduled to launch next month . 
 nasa put it on hold so we can have the booster . '' 
 `` i bet the eagleeye team was pissed about that , '' norm said . 
 `` i 'm sure they were , '' bruce said . 
 `` but it 's the only booster we have that 's big enough . 
 which brings me to my next point : we only get one shot at this . 
 if we fuck it up , mark watney dies . '' 
 he looked around the room and let that sink in . 
 `` we do have some things going for us , '' he finally said . 
 `` we have some of the parts built for the ares 4 presupply missions . 
 we can steal from them , and that 'll save us some time . 
 also , we 're sending food , which is pretty robust . 
 even if there 's a reentry problem and the probe impacts at high velocity , food is still food . 
 `` and we do n't need a precision landing . 
 watney can travel hundreds of kilometers if necessary . 
 we just need to land close enough for him to reach it . 
 this ends up being a standard tumble-land presupply . 
 all we have to do is make it quickly . 
 so let 's get to it . '' 
 -lsb- 08:02 -rsb- jpl : we 've spun up a project to get you food . 
 it 's been in progress for a week or so . 
 we can get it to you before you starve , but it 'll be tight . 
 it 'll just be food and a radio . 
 we ca n't send an oxygenator , water reclaimer , or any of that other stuff without powered descent . 
 -lsb- 08:16 -rsb- watney : no complaints here ! 
 you get me the food , i 'll be a happy camper . 
 i 've got all hab systems up and running again . 
 the water reclaimer is working fine now that i replaced the burst hoses . 
 as for water supply , i have 620l remaining . 
 i started with 900l -lrb- 300 to start with , 600 more from reducing hydrazine -rrb- . 
 so i lost almost 300l to sublimation . 
 still , with the water reclaimer operational again , it 's plenty . 
 -lsb- 08:31 -rsb- jpl : good , keep us posted on any mechanical or electronic problems . 
 by the way , the name of the probe we 're sending is `` iris '' . 
 named after the greek goddess who traveled the heavens with the speed of wind . 
 she 's also the goddess of rainbows . 
 -lsb- 08:47 -rsb- watney : gay probe coming to save me . 
 got it . 
 rich purnell sipped coffee in the silent building . 
 only his cubicle illuminated the otherwise dark room . 
 continuing with his computations , he ran a final test on the software he 'd written . 
 it passed . 
 with a relieved sigh , he sank back in his chair . 
 checking the clock on his computer , he shook his head . 
 3:42 am . 
 being an astrodynamicist , rich rarely had to work late . 
 his job was to find the exact orbits and course corrections needed for any given mission . 
 usually , it was one of the first parts of a project ; all the other steps being based on the orbit . 
 but this time , things were reversed . 
 iris needed an orbital path , and nobody knew when it would launch . 
 a non-hoffman mars-transfer is n't challenging , but it does require the exact locations of earth and mars . 
 planets move as time goes by . 
 a course calculated for a specific launch date will work only for that date . 
 even a single day 's difference would result in missing mars entirely . 
 so rich had to calculate many courses . 
 he had a range of 25 days during which iris might launch . 
 he calculated one course for each . 
 he began an email to his boss . 
 mike , he typed , attached are the courses for iris , in 1-day increments . 
 we should start peer-review and vetting so they can be officially accepted . 
 and you were right , i was here almost all night . 
 it was n't that bad . 
 nowhere near the pain of calculating orbits for hermes . 
 i know you get bored when i go in to the math , so i 'll summarize : the small , constant thrust of hermes 's ion drives is much harder to deal with than the large point-thrusts of presupply probes . 
 all 25 of the courses take 414 days , and vary only slightly in thrust duration and angle . 
 the fuel requirement is nearly identical for the orbits and is well within the capacity of eagleeye 's booster . 
 it 's too bad . 
 earth and mars are really badly positioned . 
 heck , it 's almost easier to - he stopped typing . 
 furrowing his brow , he stared in to the distance . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 he said . 
 grabbing his coffee cup , he went to the break room for a refill . 
 `` i know you 're all busy , '' teddy said , `` so let 's make this fast . 
 i need status on project iris from all departments . 
 venkat , let 's start with you . '' 
 `` the mission team 's ready , '' venkat said . 
 `` there was a minor turf war between the ares-3 and ares-4 presupply control teams . 
 the ares-3 guys said they should run it , cause while watney 's on mars , ares-3 is still in progress . 
 the ares-4 team points out it 's their co-opted probe in the first place . 
 i ended up going with ares-3 . '' 
 `` did that upset ares-4 ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` yeah , but they 'll get over it . 
 they have 13 presupply missions coming up . 
 they wo n't have time to be pissy . '' 
 `` mitch , '' teddy said to the flight controller , `` what about the launch ? '' 
 `` we 've got a control room ready , '' mitch replied . 
 `` i 'll oversee the launch , then hand cruise and landing over to venkat 's guys . '' 
 `` media ? '' 
 teddy said , turning to annie montrose . 
 `` i 'm giving daily updates to the press , '' she said . 
 `` everyone knows watney 's fucked if this does n't work . 
 the public has n't been this engaged in ship construction since apollo 11 . 
 cnn 's ` the watney report ' has been the # 1 show in its time-slot for the past two weeks . '' 
 `` the attention is good , '' teddy said . 
 `` it 'll help get us emergency funding from congress . 
 maurice , how 's the booster ? '' 
 `` it 's all right for now , '' said maurice stein , director of pad operations . 
 `` but it 's not ideal . 
 eagleeye 3 was set to launch . 
 boosters are n't designed to stand upright and bear the stress of gravity for long periods . 
 we 're adding external supports that we 'll remove before launch . 
 it 's easier than disassembly . 
 also the fuel is corrosive to the internal tanks , so we had to drain it . 
 in the mean time , we 're performing inspections on all systems every three days . '' 
 `` good , good , '' teddy nodded . 
 `` now for the big question : bruce ? 
 how 's iris coming along ? '' 
 `` we 're behind , '' bruce said with a tired shake of his head . 
 `` we 're going as fast as we can , but it 's just not fast enough . '' 
 `` i can find money for overtime , '' teddy offered . 
 `` we 're already working around the clock . '' 
 `` how far behind are we walking about ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` we 've been at it 29 days ; so we only have 19 left , '' bruce explained . 
 `` after that , the pad needs 13 days to mount it on the booster . 
 we 're at least two weeks behind . '' 
 `` is that as far behind as you 're going to get ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` or will you slip more ? '' 
 bruce shrugged . 
 `` if we do n't have any more problems , it 'll be two weeks late . 
 but we always have problems . '' 
 `` give me a number , '' teddy said . 
 `` 15 days , '' bruce responded . 
 `` if i had another 15 days , i 'm sure we could get it done in time . '' 
 `` all right , '' teddy said . 
 `` let 's create 15 days . '' 
 turning his attention to the ares-3 flight surgeon , teddy asked `` dr. keller , can we reduce watney 's food intake to make the rations last longer ? '' 
 `` sorry , but no , '' keller said . 
 `` he 's already at a minimal calorie count . 
 in fact , considering the amount of physical labor he does , he 's eating far less than he should . 
 and it 's only going to get worse . 
 soon his entire diet will be potatoes and vitamin supplements . 
 he 's been saving protein-rich rations for later use , but he 'll still be malnourished . '' 
 `` once he runs out of food , how long until he starves to death ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` presuming an ample water supply , he might last three weeks . 
 shorter than a typical hunger strike but remember he 'll be malnourished and thin to begin with . '' 
 `` remember , '' venkat interjected , `` iris is a tumbler ; he might have to drive a few days to get it . 
 and i 'm guessing it 's hard to control a rover when you 're literally starving to death . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' dr. keller confirmed . 
 `` within 4 days of running out of food , he 'll barely be able to stand up , let alone control a rover . 
 plus , his mental faculties will rapidly decline . 
 he 'd have a hard time even staying awake . '' 
 `` so the landing date 's firm , '' teddy said . 
 `` maurice , can you get it on the booster in less than 13 days ? '' 
 maurice pondered . 
 `` well ... it only takes 3 days to actually mount it . 
 the following 10 are for testing and inspections . '' 
 `` how much can you reduce those ? '' 
 `` with enough overtime , i could get the mounting down to 2 days . 
 that includes transport from pasadena to cape canaveral . 
 but the inspections ca n't be shortened . 
 they 're time-based . 
 we do checks and re-checks with set intervals between them to see if something deforms or warps . 
 if you shorten the intervals , you invalidate the inspections . '' 
 `` how often do those inspections reveal a problem ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 a silence fell over the room . 
 `` uh , '' maurice stammered . 
 `` are you suggesting we do n't do the inspections ? '' 
 `` no , '' said teddy . 
 `` right now i 'm asking how often they reveal a problem . '' 
 `` about one in twenty launches . '' 
 `` and how often is the problem they reveal a would-be mission-failure ? '' 
 `` i 'm , uh , not sure . 
 maybe half the time ? '' 
 `` so if we skip the inspections and testing , we have a 1 in 40 chance of mission failure ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` that 's 2.5 % , '' venkat said , steeping in . 
 `` normally , that 's grounds for a countdown halt . 
 we ca n't take a chance like that . '' '' 
 ` normally ' was a long time ago , '' teddy said calmly . 
 `` 97.5 % is better than zero . 
 can anyone think of a safer way to get more time ? '' 
 he looked around the table . 
 blank faces stared back . 
 `` all right , then . 
 speeding up the mounting process and skipping inspections buys us 11 days . 
 if bruce can pull a rabbit out of a hat and get done sooner , maurice can do some inspections . '' 
 `` what about the other 4 days ? '' 
 venkat asked , still frowning at skipping inspections . 
 `` i 'm sure watney can stretch the food to last 4 extra days , malnutrition notwithstanding , '' teddy said , looking to dr. keller . 
 `` i - '' keller started . 
 `` i ca n't recommend - '' `` folks , '' teddy interrupted . 
 `` i understand your positions . 
 we have procedures . 
 skipping those procedures means risk . 
 risk means trouble for your department . 
 but now is n't the time to cover our asses . 
 we have to take risks or mark watney dies . '' 
 turning to keller , he said `` make the food last another 4 days . '' 
 keller nodded silently . 
 `` rich , '' said mike . 
 rich purnell concentrated on his computer screen . 
 his cubicle was a landfill of printouts , charts , and reference books . 
 empty coffee cups rested on every surface ; take-out packaging littered the ground . 
 `` rich , '' mike said , more forcefully . 
 rich looked up . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 `` just a little side project . 
 something i wanted to check up on . '' 
 `` well ... that 's fine , i guess , '' mike said , `` but you need to do your assigned work first . 
 i asked for those satellite adjustments two weeks ago and you still have n't done them . '' 
 `` i need some supercomputer time . '' 
 rich said . 
 `` you need supercomputer time to calculate routine satellite adjustments ? '' 
 `` no , it 's for this other thing i 'm working on , '' rich said . 
 `` rich , seriously . 
 you have to do your job . '' 
 rich thought for a moment . 
 `` would now be a good time for a vacation ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mike sighed . 
 `` you know what , rich ? 
 i think now would be an ideal time for you to take a vacation . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 rich smiled . 
 `` i 'll start right now . '' 
 `` sure , '' mike said . 
 `` go on home . 
 get some rest . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not going home , '' said rich , returning to his calculations . 
 mike rubbed his eyes . 
 `` ok , whatever . 
 about those satellite orbits ... ? '' 
 `` i 'm on vacation , '' rich said without looking up . 
 mike shrugged and walked away . 
 -lsb- 08:01 -rsb- watney : how 's my care package coming along ? 
 -lsb- 08:16 -rsb- jpl : a little behind schedule , but we 'll get it done . 
 in the mean time , we want you to get back to work . 
 we 're satisfied the hab 's is in good condition . 
 maintenance only takes you 12 hours per week . 
 we 're going to pack the rest of your time with research and experiments . 
 -lsb- 08:31 -rsb- watney : great ! 
 i 'm sick of sitting on my ass . 
 i 'm going to be here for years . 
 you may as well make use of me . 
 -lsb- 08:47 -rsb- jpl : that 's what we 're thinking . 
 we 'll get you a schedule as soon as the science team puts it together . 
 it 'll be mostly of evas , geological samples , soil tests , and weekly self-administered medical tests . 
 honestly , this is the best `` bonus mars time '' we 've had since the opportunity lander . 
 -lsb- 09:02 -rsb- watney : opportunity never went back to earth . 
 -lsb- 09:17 -rsb- jpl : sorry . 
 bad analogy . 
 the whiteroom was abuzz with activity as technicians sealed iris in to the specially-designed shipping container . 
 the other two shifts watched from the observation deck . 
 they had rarely seen their own homes in two months ; a makeshift bunkroom had been set up in the cafeteria . 
 fully a third of them would normally be asleep at this hour , but they did not want to miss this moment . 
 the shift leader tightened the final bolt . 
 as he retracted the wrench , the engineers broke in to applause . 
 many of them were in tears . 
 after 62 days of grueling work , iris was complete . 
 `` the launch preparations are complete , '' annie montrose said to the press room . 
 `` iris is ready to go . 
 the scheduled launch is 9:14 am . 
 `` once launched , it will stay in orbit for at least three hours . 
 during that time , mission control will gather exact telemetry in preparation for the trans-mars injection burn . 
 once that 's complete the mission will be handed off to the ares-3 presupply team , who will monitor its progress over the following months . 
 it will take 414 days to reach mars . '' 
 `` about the payload , '' a reporter asked , `` i hear there 's more than just food ? '' 
 `` that 's true , `` annie smiled . 
 `` we allocated 100 grams for luxury items . 
 there are some handwritten letters from mark 's family , a note from the president , and a usb drive filled with music from all ages . '' 
 `` any disco ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 `` no disco , '' annie said , as chuckles cascaded through the room . 
 cnn 's cathy warner spoke up `` if this launch fails , is there any recourse for watney ? '' 
 `` there are risks to any launch , '' annie said , `` but we do n't anticipate problems . 
 the weather at the cape is clear with warm temperatures . 
 conditions could n't be better . '' 
 `` is there any spending limit to this rescue operation ? '' 
 another reporter asked . 
 `` some people are beginning to ask how much is too much . '' 
 `` it 's not about the bottom line , '' annie said , prepared for the question . 
 `` it 's about a human life in immediate danger . 
 but if you want to look at it financially , consider the value of mark watney 's extended mission . 
 his prolonged mission and fight for survival is giving us more knowledge about mars than the rest of the ares program combined . '' 
 `` do you believe in god , venkat ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` sure , lots of 'em , '' venkat said . 
 `` i 'm hindu . '' 
 `` ask 'em all for help with this launch . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 mitch stepped forward to his station in the large control room . 
 he glanced at the many screens on the far wall , and the dozens of people at their stations . 
 he put his headset on and said . 
 `` this is the flight director . 
 begin launch status check . '' 
 `` roger that , houston , '' came the reply from the launch control director in florida . 
 `` clcdr checking all stations are manned and systems ready , '' he broadcast , `` give me a go/no-go for launch . 
 talker ? '' 
 `` go . '' 
 came the response . 
 `` timer . '' 
 `` go , '' came another voice . 
 `` qam1 . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 resting his chin on his hands , mitch stared at the center screen . 
 it showed the pad video feed . 
 the booster , amid cloudy water vapor from the cooling process , still had eagleeye3 stenciled on the side . 
 `` qam2 . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` qam3 . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 venkat leaned against the back wall . 
 an administrator , his job was done . 
 he could only watch and hope . 
 his gaze fixated on the far wall 's displays . 
 in his mind he saw the numbers , the shift juggling , the outright lies and borderline crimes he 'd committed to put this mission together . 
 it would all be worthwhile if it worked . 
 `` fsc . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` prop 1 . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 teddy sat in the vip observation room behind mission control . 
 his authority afforded him the very best seat : front-row center . 
 his briefcase lay at his feet and he held a blue folder in his hands . 
 `` prop 2 . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` pto . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 annie montrose paced in her private office next to the press room . 
 nine televisions mounted to the wall were each tuned to a different network ; each network showed the launch pad . 
 a glance at her computer showed foreign networks doing the same . 
 the world was holding its breath . 
 `` acc . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` lwo . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 bruce ng sat in the jpl cafeteria along with hundreds of engineers who had given everything they had to iris . 
 they watched the large tv with rapt attention . 
 it was 6:13 am in pasadena , yet every single employee was present . 
 `` aflc . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` guidance . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 millions of kilometers away , the crew of hermes listened as they crowded around johanssen 's station . 
 the 2-minute transmission time did n't matter . 
 they had no way to help ; there was no need to interact . 
 johanssen stared intently at her screen , which displayed only the audio signal strength . 
 beck wrung his hands . 
 vogel stood motionless , his eyes fixed on the floor . 
 martinez prayed silently at first , then saw no reason to hide it . 
 commander lewis stood apart , her arms folded across her chest . 
 `` ptc . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` launch vehicle director . '' 
 `` go . '' 
 `` houston , this is launch control , we are go for launch . '' 
 `` roger , '' mitch said checking the countdown . 
 `` this is flight , we are go for launch on schedule . '' 
 `` roger that houston , '' launch control said , `` launch on schedule . '' 
 once the clock reached -00:00:15 , the television networks got what they were waiting for . 
 the timer controller began the verbal countdown . 
 `` 15 , '' she said . 
 `` 14 ... 13 ... 12 ... 11 ... '' thousands had gathered at cape canaveral ; the largest crowd ever to watch an unmanned launch . 
 they listened to the timer controller 's voice as it echoed across the grandstands . 
 `` 10 ... 9 ... 8 ... 7 ... '' rich purnell , entrenched in his orbital calculations , had lost track of time . 
 he did n't notice when his coworkers migrated to the large meeting room where a tv had been set up . 
 in the back of his mind , he thought the office was unusually quiet , but he gave it no further thought . 
 `` 6 ... 5 ... 4 ... '' `` ignition sequence start . '' 
 `` 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... '' clamps released ; the booster rose amid a plume of smoke and fire , slowly at first , then racing ever faster . 
 the assembled crowd cheered it on its way . '' 
 ... and liftoff of the iris supply probe , '' the timer controller said . 
 as the booster soared , mitch had no time to watch the spectacle on the main screen . 
 `` trim ? '' 
 he called out . 
 `` trim 's good , flight . '' 
 came the immediate response . 
 `` course ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` on course . '' 
 `` altitude 1000 meters , '' someone said . 
 `` we 've reached safe-abort , '' another person called out , indicating that the ship could crash harmlessly into the atlantic ocean if necessary . 
 `` altitude 1500 meters . '' 
 `` pitch and roll maneuver commencing . '' 
 `` getting a little shimmy , flight . '' 
 mitch looked over to the ascent flight director . 
 `` say again ? '' 
 `` a slight shimmy . 
 on-board guidance is handling it . '' 
 `` keep an eye on it , '' mitch said . 
 `` altitude 2500 meters . '' 
 `` pitch and roll complete , 22 seconds till staging . '' 
 the quick yet thorough design of iris accounted for catastrophic landing failure . 
 rather than normal meal kits , most of the food was cubed protein bar material . 
 even if iris failed to deploy its tumble balloons and impacted at hundreds of kph , the protein cubes would still be edible . 
 an unmanned mission , there was no cap on acceleration . 
 the contents of the probe endured forces no human could survive . 
 while nasa had tested the effects of extreme g-forces on protein cubes , they had not done so with a simultaneous lateral vibration . 
 had they been given more time , they would have . 
 the harmless shimmy , caused by a minor fuel mixture imbalance , rattled the payload . 
 mounted by strong bolts , iris held firm . 
 the protein cubes inside did not . 
 the thrust compressed the food while the shimmy rattled it . 
 an effect similar to liquefaction during an earthquake transformed the protein cubes into a thick sludge . 
 stored in a compartment that originally had no left-over space , the now-compressed substance had room to slosh . 
 the shimmy also caused an imbalanced load , forcing the sludge toward the edge of its compartment . 
 the shift in weight only aggravated the problem and the shimmy grew stronger . 
 `` shimmy 's getting violent , '' reported the ascent flight director . 
 `` how violent ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` more than we like , '' he said . 
 `` but the accelerometers caught it and calculated the new center of mass . 
 the guidance computer is adjusting the engines ' thrusts to counteract . 
 we 're still good . '' 
 `` keep me posted , '' mitch said . 
 `` 13 seconds till staging . '' 
 the unexpected weight shift had not spelled disaster . 
 all systems were designed for worst-case scenarios ; each did their job admirably . 
 the ship continued toward orbit with only a minor course adjustment , implemented automatically by sophisticated software . 
 the first stage depleted its fuel , and the booster coasted for a fraction of a second as it jettisoned stage-clamps via explosive bolts . 
 the now-empty stage fell away from the craft as the second-stage engines prepared to ignite . 
 the brutal forces had disappeared . 
 the protein sludge floated free in the container . 
 given two seconds , it would have re-expanded and solidified . 
 but it was given only a quarter-second . 
 as the second stage fired , the craft experienced a sudden jolt of immense force . 
 no longer contending with the dead-weight of the first stage , the acceleration was profound . 
 the 300kg of sludge slammed in to the back of its container . 
 the point of impact was at the edge of iris , nowhere near where the mass was expected to be . 
 though iris was held in place by five large bolts , the force was directed entirely to a single one . 
 the bolt was designed to withstand immense forces ; if necessary to carry the entire weight of the payload . 
 but it was not designed to sustain a sudden impact from a loose 300kg mass . 
 the bolt sheared . 
 the burden was then shifted to the remaining four bolts . 
 the forceful impact having passed , their work was considerably easier than that of their fallen comrade . 
 had the pad crew been given time to do normal inspections , they would have noticed the minor defect in one of the bolts . 
 a defect that slightly weakened it , though would not cause failure on a normal mission . 
 still , they would have swapped it out with a perfect replacement . 
 the off-center load presented unequal force to the four remaining bolts , the defective one bearing the brunt of it . 
 soon , it failed as well . 
 from there , the other three failed in rapid succession . 
 iris slipped from its supports in the payload bulb , slamming in to the hull . 
 `` woah ! '' 
 exclaimed the ascent flight director . 
 `` flight , we 're getting a large precession ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mitch said as alerts beeped and lights flashed across all the consoles . 
 `` force on iris is at 7 g 's , '' someone said . 
 `` intermittent signal loss , '' came another voice . 
 `` ascent , what 's happening here ? '' 
 mitch demanded . 
 `` all hell broke loose . 
 it 's spinning on the long axis with a 17 degree precession . '' 
 `` how bad ? '' 
 `` at least 5 rps , and falling off course . '' 
 `` can you get it to orbit ? '' 
 `` i ca n't talk to it at all ; signal failures left and right . '' 
 `` comm ! '' 
 mitch shot to the communications director . 
 `` workin ' on it , flight , '' came the response . 
 `` there 's a problem with the onboard system . '' 
 `` getting some major g 's inside , flight . '' 
 `` ground telemetry shows it 200 meters low of target path . '' 
 `` we 've lost readings on the probe , flight . '' 
 mitch zeroed in on that last comment . 
 `` entirely lost the probe ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` affirm , flight . 
 intermittent signal from the ship , but no probe . '' 
 `` shit , '' mitch said . 
 `` it shook loose in the bay . '' 
 `` it 's dradeling , flight . '' 
 `` can it limp to orbit ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` even super-low eo ? 
 we might be able to - '' `` loss of signal , flight . '' 
 `` los here , too . '' 
 `` same here . '' 
 other than the alarms , the room fell silent . 
 after a moment , mitch said `` reestablish ? '' 
 `` no luck , '' said comm . 
 `` ground ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` gc , '' same the reply , `` vehicle had already left visual range . '' 
 `` satcon ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` no satellite acquisition of signal . '' 
 mitch looked forward to the main screen . 
 it was black now , with large white letters reading `` los '' . 
 `` flight , '' came a voice over the radio , `` us destroyer stockton reports debris falling from the sky . 
 source matches last known location of iris . '' 
 mitch put his head in his hands . 
 `` roger , '' he said . 
 then he uttered the words every flight director hopes never to say : `` gc , flight . 
 lock the doors . '' 
 it was the signal to start post-failure procedures . 
 from the vip observation room , teddy watched the despondent mission control center . 
 he took a deep breath , then let it out . 
 he looked forlornly at the blue folder , which contained the cheerful speech praising a perfect launch . 
 placing it in his briefcase , he then extracted the red folder with the other speech in it . 
 venkat sat in his darkened office . 
 he never decided to be in the dark . 
 he 'd just been lost in thought so long it got dark around him . 
 his mobile rang . 
 his wife again . 
 no doubt worried about him . 
 he let it go to voice mail . 
 he just could n't face her . 
 or anyone . 
 a brief chime came from his computer . 
 glancing over , he saw an email from jpl . 
 a relayed message from pathfinder : -lsb- 16:03 -rsb- watney : how 'd the launch go ? 
 chapter 16 martinez : dr. shields says i need to write personal messages to each of the crew . 
 she says it 'll keep me tethered to humanity . 
 i think it 's bullshit . 
 but hey , it 's an order . 
 with you , i can be blunt : if i die , i need you to check on my parents . 
 they 'll want to hear about our time on mars first-hand . 
 i 'll need you to do that . 
 it wo n't be easy talking to a couple about their dead son . 
 it 's a lot to ask ; that 's why i 'm asking you . 
 i 'd tell you you 're my best friend and stuff , but it would be gay . 
 i 'm not giving up . 
 just planning for every outcome . 
 it 's what i do . 
 guo ming , director of the china national space administration , examined the expansive paperwork at his desk . 
 in the old days , when china wanted to launch a rocket , they just launched it . 
 now , they were compelled by international agreements to warn other nations first . 
 it was a requirement , guo ming noted to himself , that did not apply to the united states . 
 to be fair , the americans publicly announced their launch schedules well in advance , so it amounted to the same . 
 he walked a fine line filling out the form : making the launch date and flight path clear , while doing everything possible to `` conceal state secrets . '' 
 he snorted at the last requirement . 
 `` ridiculous , '' he mumbled . 
 the taiyang shen had no strategic or military value . 
 it was an unmanned probe that would be in earth orbit less than two days . 
 after that , it would travel to a solar orbit between mercury and venus . 
 it would be china 's first heliology probe to orbit the sun . 
 yet , the state council insisted all launches be shrouded in secrecy . 
 even launches with nothing to hide . 
 this way , other nations could not infer from lack of openness which launches contained classified payloads . 
 a knock at the door interrupted his paperwork . 
 `` come , '' guo ming said , happy for the interruption . 
 `` good evening , sir , '' said under-director zhu tao . 
 `` tao , welcome back . '' 
 `` thank you , sir . 
 it 's good to be back in beijing . '' 
 `` how were things at jiuquan ? '' 
 asked guo ming . 
 `` not too cold , i hope ? 
 i 'll never understand why our launch complex is in the middle of the gobi desert . '' 
 `` it was cold , yet manageable , '' zhu tao said . 
 `` and how are launch preparations coming along ? '' 
 `` i am happy to report they are all on-schedule . '' 
 `` excellent , '' guo ming smiled . 
 zhu tao sat quietly , staring at his boss . 
 guo ming looked expectantly back at him , but zhu tao neither stood to leave nor said anything further . 
 `` something else , tao ? '' 
 guo ming asked . 
 `` mmm , '' zhu tao said , `` of course , you 've heard about the iris probe ? '' 
 `` yes , i did , '' guo frowned . 
 `` terrible situation . 
 that poor man 's going to starve . '' 
 `` possibly , '' zhu tao said . 
 `` possibly not . '' 
 guo ming leaned back in his chair . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` it 's the taiyang shen 's booster , sir . 
 our engineers have run the numbers , and it has enough fuel for a mars injection orbit . 
 it could get there in 419 days . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 `` have you ever known me to ` kid , ' sir ? '' 
 guo ming stood and pinched his chin . 
 pacing , he said `` we can really send a probe to mars ? '' 
 `` it 's hardly notable , sir , '' zhu tao said . 
 `` we 've sent several in the past . '' 
 `` yes , i know , but we could really send the taiyang shen ? '' 
 `` no , sir , '' said zhu tao . 
 `` it 's far too heavy . 
 the massive heat shielding makes it the heaviest unmanned probe we 've ever built . 
 that 's why the booster had to be so powerful . 
 but a lighter payload could be sent all the way to mars . '' 
 `` how much mass could we send ? '' 
 guo ming asked . 
 `` 941 kilograms , sir . '' 
 `` hmm , '' guo ming said , `` i bet nasa could work with that limitation . 
 why have n't they approached us ? '' 
 `` because they do n't know . '' 
 zhu tao said . 
 `` all our booster technology is classified information . 
 the ministry of state security even spreads disinformation about our capabilities . 
 this is for obvious reasons . '' 
 `` so they do n't know we can help them , '' guo ming said , `` if we decide not to help , no one will know we could have . '' 
 `` correct , sir . '' 
 `` for the sake of argument , let 's say we decided to help . 
 what then ? '' 
 `` time would be the enemy , sir , '' zhu tao answered . 
 `` based on travel duration and the supplies their astronaut has remaining , any such probe would have to be launched within a month . 
 even then he would starve a little . '' 
 `` that 's right around when we planned to launch taiyang shen . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 but it took them two months to build iris , and it was so rushed it failed . '' 
 `` that 's their problem , '' guo ming said . 
 `` our end would be providing the booster . 
 we 'd launch from jiuquan ; we ca n't ship an 800-ton rocket to florida . '' 
 `` any agreement would hinge on the americans reimbursing us for the booster , '' zhu tao said , `` and the state council would likely want political favors from the us government . '' 
 `` reimbursement would be pointless , '' guo ming said . 
 `` this was an expensive project , and the state council grumbled about it all along . 
 if they had a bulk payout for it 's value , they 'd just keep it . 
 we 'd never get to build another one . '' 
 he clasped his hands behind his back . 
 `` and the american people may be sentimental , but their government is not . 
 the us state department wo n't trade anything major for one man 's life . '' 
 `` so it 's hopeless ? '' 
 asked zhu tao . 
 `` not hopeless , '' guo ming corrected . 
 `` just hard . 
 if this becomes a negotiation by diplomats , it will never resolve . 
 we need to keep this among scientists . 
 space agency to space agency . 
 i 'll get a translator and call nasa 's director . 
 we 'll work out an agreement , then present it to our governments as a fait accompli . '' 
 `` but what can they do for us ? '' 
 zhu tao asked . 
 `` we 'd be giving up a booster and effectively canceling taiyang shen . '' 
 guo ming smiled . 
 `` they 'll give us something we ca n't get without them . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` they 'll put a chinese astronaut on mars . '' 
 zhu tao stood . 
 `` of course , '' he smiled . 
 `` the ares 5 crew has n't even been selected yet . 
 we 'll insist on a crewman . 
 one we get to pick and train . 
 nasa and the us state department would surely accept that . 
 but will our state council ? '' 
 guo ming smiled wryly . 
 `` publicly rescue the americans ? 
 put a chinese astronaut on mars ? 
 have the world see china as equal to the us in space ? 
 the state council would sell their own mothers for that . '' 
 teddy listened to the phone at his ear . 
 the voice on the other end finished what it had to say , then fell silent as it awaited an answer . 
 he stared at nothing in particular as he processed what he 'd just heard . 
 after a few seconds , he replied `` yes . '' 
 johanssen : your poster outsold the rest of ours combined . 
 you 're a hot chick who went to mars . 
 you 're on dorm-room walls all over the world . 
 looking like that , why are you such a nerd ? 
 and you are , you know . 
 a serious nerd . 
 i had to do some computer shit to get pathfinder talking to the rover and oh my god . 
 and i had nasa telling me what to do every step of the way . 
 you should try to be more cool . 
 wear dark glasses and a leather jacket . 
 carry a switchblade . 
 aspire to a level of coolness known only as ... `` botanist cool . '' 
 did you know commander lewis had a chat with us men ? 
 if anyone hit on you , we 'd be off the mission . 
 i guess after a lifetime of commanding sailors she 's got an unfairly jaded view . 
 anyway . 
 try not to think about all those guys wanking to your poster . 
 `` ok , here we are again , '' said bruce to the assembled heads of jpl . 
 `` you 've all heard about the taiyang shen , so you know our friends in china have given us one more chance . 
 but this time , it 's going to be harder . 
 `` taiyang shen will be ready to launch in 28 days . 
 if it launches on time , our payload will get to mars on sol 624 , six weeks after watney 's expected to run out of food . 
 nasa 's already working on ways to stretch his supply . 
 `` we made history when we finished iris in sixty three days . 
 now we have to do it in twenty eight . '' 
 he looked across the table to the incredulous faces . 
 `` folks , '' he said , `` this is going to be the most ` ghetto ' spacecraft ever built . 
 there 's only one way to finish that fast : no landing system . '' 
 `` sorry , what ? '' 
 jack trevor stammered . 
 bruce nodded . 
 `` you heard me . 
 no landing system . 
 we 'll need guidance for in-flight course adjustments . 
 but once it gets to mars , it 's going to crash . '' 
 `` that 's crazy ! '' 
 jack said . 
 `` it 'll be going an insane velocity when it hits ! '' 
 `` yep , '' bruce said . 
 `` with ideal atmospheric drag , it 'll impact at 300 meters per second . '' 
 `` what good will a pulverized probe do watney ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 `` as long as the food does n't burn up on the way in , watney can eat it . '' 
 bruce commented . 
 turning to the whiteboard , he began drawing a basic organizational chart . 
 `` i want two teams , '' he began . 
 `` team one will make the outer shell , guidance system , and thrusters . 
 all we need is for it to get to mars . 
 i want the safest possible system . 
 aerosol propellant would be best . 
 high-gain radio so we can talk to it , and standard satellite navigational software . 
 `` team two will deal with the payload . 
 they need to find a way to contain the food during impact . 
 if protein bars hit sand at 300m/s , they 'll make protein-scented sand . 
 we need them edible after impact . 
 `` we can weigh 941kg . 
 at least 300 of that needs to be food . 
 get crackin ' . '' 
 `` uh , dr. kapoor ? '' 
 rich said , peeking his head in to venkat 's office . 
 `` do you have a minute ? '' 
 venkat gestured him in . 
 `` you are ... ? '' 
 `` rich , rich purnell , '' he said , shuffling in to the office , his arms wrapped around a sheaf disorganized papers . 
 `` from astrodynamics . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , '' venkat said . 
 `` what can i do for you , rich ? '' 
 `` i came up with something a while ago . 
 spent a lot of time on it . '' 
 he dumped the papers on venkat 's desk . 
 `` lem me find the summary ... '' venkat stared forlornly at his once clean desk , now strewn with scores of printouts . 
 `` here we go ! '' 
 rich said triumphantly , grabbing a paper . 
 then , his expression saddened . 
 `` no , this is n't it . '' 
 `` rich , '' venkat said . 
 `` maybe you should just tell me what this is about ? '' 
 rich looked at the mess of papers and sighed . 
 `` but i had such a cool summary ... '' `` a summary for what ? '' 
 `` how to save watney . '' 
 `` that 's already in progress , '' venkat said . 
 `` it 's a last-ditch effort , but - '' `` the taiyang shen ? '' 
 rich snorted . 
 `` that wo n't work . 
 you ca n't make a mars probe in a month . '' 
 `` we 're sure as hell going to try , '' venkat said , a note of annoyance in his voice . 
 `` oh sorry , am i being difficult ? '' 
 rich asked . 
 `` i 'm not good with people . 
 sometimes i 'm difficult . 
 i wish people would just tell me . 
 anyway , the taiyang shen is critical . 
 in fact , my idea wo n't work without it . 
 but a mars probe ? 
 pfft . 
 c'mon . '' 
 `` all right , '' venkat said . 
 `` what 's your idea ? '' 
 rich snatched a paper from the desk . 
 `` here it is ! '' 
 he handed it to venkat with a child-like smile . 
 venkat took the summary and skimmed it . 
 the more he read , the wider his eyes got . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 `` absolutely ! '' 
 rich beamed . 
 `` have you told anyone else ? '' 
 `` who would i tell ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , venkat said . 
 `` friends ? '' 
 `` i do n't have any of those . '' 
 `` ok , keep it under your hat . '' 
 venkat said . 
 `` i do n't wear a hat . '' 
 `` it 's just an expression . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 rich said . 
 `` it 's a stupid expression . '' 
 `` rich , you 're being difficult . '' 
 `` ah . 
 thanks . '' 
 vogel : being your backup has backfired . 
 i guess nasa figured botany and chemistry are similar because they both end in `` y '' . 
 one way or another , i ended up being your back-up chemist . 
 remember when they made you spend a day explaining your experiments to me ? 
 it was in the middle of intense mission prep . 
 you may have forgotten . 
 you started my training by buying me a beer . 
 for breakfast . 
 germans are awesome . 
 anyway , now that i have time to kill , nasa gave me a pile of work . 
 and all your chemistry crap is on the list . 
 so now i have to do boring-ass experiments with test tubes and soil and ph levels and zzzzzzzzzz ... my life is now a desperate struggle for survival ... with occasional titration . 
 frankly , i suspect you 're a super villain . 
 you 're a chemist , you have a german accent , you had a base on mars ... what more can there be ? 
 `` what the fuck is ` project elrond ' ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` i had to make something up , '' venkat said . 
 `` so you came up with ` elrond ' ? '' 
 annie pressed . 
 `` because it 's a secret meeting ? '' 
 mitch guessed . 
 `` the email said i could n't even tell my assistant . '' 
 `` i 'll explain everything once teddy arrives . '' 
 venkat said . 
 `` why does ` elrond ' mean ` secret meeting ' ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` are we going to make a momentous decision ? '' 
 bruge ng asked . 
 `` exactly , '' venkat said . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 annie asked , getting annoyed . 
 `` elrond , '' bruce said . 
 `` the council of elrond . 
 from lord of the rings . 
 it 's the meeting where they decide to destroy the one ring . '' 
 `` jesus , '' annie said . 
 `` none of you got laid in high school , did you ? '' 
 `` good morning , '' teddy said as he walked in . 
 seating himself , he rested his hands on the table . 
 `` anyone know what this meeting 's about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` wait , '' mitch said , `` teddy does n't even know ? '' 
 venkat took a deep breath . 
 `` one of our astrodynamicists , rich purnell , has found a way to get hermes back to mars . 
 the course he came up with would give hermes a mars flyby on sol 549 . '' 
 silence . 
 `` you shittin ' us ? '' 
 annie demanded . 
 `` sol 549 ? 
 how 's that even possible ? '' 
 asked bruce . 
 `` even iris would n't have landed till sol 588 . '' 
 `` iris was a point-thrust craft , '' venkat said . 
 `` hermes has a constant-thrust ion engine . 
 it 's always accelerating . 
 also , hermes has a lot of velocity right now . 
 on their current earth-intercept course , they have to decelerate for the next month just to slow down to earth 's speed . '' 
 mitch rubbed the back of his head . 
 `` wow ... 549 . 
 that 's 35 sols before watney runs out of food . 
 that would solve everything . '' 
 teddy leaned forward . 
 `` run us through it , venkat . 
 what would it entail ? '' 
 `` well , '' venkat began , `` if they did this ` rich purnell maneuver , ' they 'd start accelerating right away , to preserve their velocity and gain even more . 
 they would n't intercept earth at all , but would come close enough to use a gravity assist to adjust course . 
 around that time , they 'd pick up a re-supply probe with provisions for the extended trip . 
 `` after that , they 'd be on an accelerating orbit toward mars , arriving on sol 549 . 
 like i said , it 's a mary flyby . 
 this is n't anything like a normal ares mission . 
 they 'll be going too fast to fall in to orbit . 
 the rest of the maneuver takes them back to earth . 
 they 'd be home 211 days after the flyby . '' 
 `` what good is a flyby ? '' 
 bruce asked . 
 `` they do n't have any way to get watney off the surface . '' 
 `` yeah ... '' venkat said . 
 `` now for the unpleasant part : watney would have to get to the ares-4 mav . '' 
 `` schiaparelli crater !? '' 
 mitch gaped . 
 `` that 's 3,200 km away ! '' 
 `` 3,235 km to be exact , '' venkat said . 
 `` it 's not out of the question . 
 he drove to pathfinder 's landing site and back . 
 that 's over 1,500 km . '' 
 `` that was over flat , desert terrain , '' bruce chimed in . 
 `` but the trip to schiaparelli - '' `` suffice it to say , '' venkat interrupted , `` it would be very difficult and dangerous . 
 but we have a lot of clever scientists to help him trick out the rover . 
 also there would be mav modifications . '' 
 `` what 's wrong with the mav ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` it 's designed to get to low mars orbit , '' venkat explained . 
 `` but hermes would be on a flyby , so the mav would have to escape mars gravity entirely to intercept . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` it 'd have to lose weight ... a lot of weight . 
 i can get rooms full of people working on these problems if we decide to do this . '' 
 `` earlier , '' teddy said , `` you mentioned a supply probe for hermes . 
 we have that capability ? '' 
 `` yes , with the taiyang shen , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 'd shoot for a near-earth rendezvous . 
 it 's a lot easier than getting a probe to mars , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` i see , '' teddy said . 
 `` so we have two options on the table : send watney enough food to last until ares 4 , or send hermes back to get him right now . 
 both plans require the taiyang shen , so we can only do one . '' 
 `` yes , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 'll have to pick one . '' 
 they all took a moment to consider . 
 `` what about the hermes crew ? '' 
 annie asked , breaking the silence . 
 `` would they have a problem with adding ... '' she did some quick math in her head `` 533 days to their mission ? '' 
 `` they would n't hesitate , '' mitch said . 
 `` not for a second . 
 that 's why venkat called this meeting . '' 
 he cast a disapproving glare at venkat . 
 `` he wants us to decide instead . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' venkat said . 
 `` it should be commander lewis ' call , '' mitch said sternly . 
 `` pointless to even ask her , '' venkat said . 
 `` we need to make this decision ; it 's a matter of life and death . '' 
 `` she 's the mission commander , '' mitch said . 
 `` life and death decisions are her damn job . '' 
 `` easy , mitch , '' teddy said . 
 `` bullshit , '' mitch said . 
 `` you guys have done end-runs around the crew every time something goes wrong . 
 you did n't tell them watney was still alive , now you 're not telling them there 's a rescue option . '' 
 `` we already have a rescue option , '' teddy said . 
 `` we 're just discussing another one . '' 
 `` the crash-lander ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` does anyone think that 'll work ? 
 anyone ? '' 
 `` all right , mitch , '' teddy said . 
 `` you 've expressed your opinion , and we 've heard it . 
 let 's move on . '' 
 he turned to venkat . 
 `` can hermes function for 533 days beyond the scheduled mission end ? '' 
 `` it should , '' venkat said . 
 `` the crew may have to fix things here and there , but they 're well trained . 
 remember , hermes was made to do all 5 ares missions . 
 it 's only halfway through its designed lifespan . '' 
 `` it 's the most expensive thing ever built , '' teddy said . 
 `` we ca n't make another one . 
 if something went wrong , the crew would die , and the ares program with them . '' 
 `` losing the crew would be a disaster , '' venkat said . 
 `` but we would n't lose hermes . 
 we can remotely operate it . 
 so long as the reactor and ion engines continued to work , we could bring it back . '' 
 `` space travel is dangerous , '' mitch said . 
 `` we ca n't make this a discussion about what 's safest . '' 
 `` i disagree , '' teddy said . 
 `` this is absolutely a discussion about what 's safest . 
 and about how many lives are at stake . 
 both plans are risky , but resupplying watney only risks one life while the rich purnell maneuver risks six . '' 
 `` consider degree of risk , teddy , '' venkat said . 
 `` mitch is right . 
 the crash-lander is high-risk . 
 it could miss mars , it could re-enter wrong and burn up , it could crash too hard and destroy the food ... we estimate 30 % chance of success . '' 
 `` a near-earth rendezvous with hermes is more doable ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` much more doable , '' venkat confirmed . 
 `` with sub-second transmission delays , we can control the probe directly from earth rather than rely on automated systems . 
 when the time comes to dock , major martinez can pilot it remotely from hermes with no transmission delay at all . 
 and hermes has a human crew , able to overcome any hiccups that may happen . 
 and we do n't have to do a reentry ; the supplies do n't have to survive a 300m/s impact . '' 
 `` so , '' bruce offered , `` we can have a high chance of killing one person , or a low chance of killing 6 people . 
 jeez . 
 how do we even make this decision ? '' 
 `` we talk about it , then teddy makes the decision , '' venkat said . 
 `` not sure what else we can do . '' 
 `` we could let lewis - '' mitch began . 
 `` yeah , other than that , '' venkat interrupted . 
 `` question , '' annie said . 
 `` what am i even here for ? 
 this seems like something for you nerds to discuss . '' 
 `` you need to be in the loop , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 're not deciding right now . 
 we 'll need to quietly research the details internally . 
 something might leak , and you need to be ready to dance around questions . '' 
 `` how long have we got to make a decision ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` the window for starting the maneuver ends in 39 hours . '' 
 `` all right , '' teddy said . 
 `` everyone , we discuss this only in person or on the phone ; never email . 
 and do n't talk to anyone about this , other than the people here . 
 the last thing we need is public opinion pressing for a risky cowboy rescue that may be impossible . '' 
 beck : hey , man . 
 how ya been ? 
 now that i 'm in a `` dire situation , '' i do n't have to follow social rules anymore . 
 i can be honest with everyone . 
 bearing that in mind , i have to say ... dude ... you need to tell johanssen how you feel . 
 if you do n't , you 'll regret it forever . 
 i wo n't lie : it could end badly . 
 i have no idea what she thinks of you . 
 or of anything . 
 she 's weird . 
 but wait till the mission 's over . 
 you 're on a ship with her for another two months . 
 also , if you guys got up to anything while the mission was in progress , lewis would kill you . 
 venkat , mitch , annie , bruce , and teddy met secretly for the second time in as many days . 
 `` project elrond '' had taken on a dark connotation , veiled in secrecy . 
 many people knew the name , none knew its purpose . 
 speculation ran rampant . 
 some thought it was a completely new program in the works . 
 others worried it might be a move to cancel ares 4 and 5 . 
 most thought it was ares 6 in the works . 
 `` it was n't an easy decision , '' teddy said to the assembled elite . 
 `` but i 've decided to go with iris 2 . 
 no rich purnell maneuver . '' 
 mitch slammed his fist on the table . 
 `` we 'll do all we can to make it work , '' bruce said . 
 `` if it 's not too much to ask , '' venkat began . 
 `` what made up your mind ? '' 
 teddy sighed . 
 `` it 's a matter of risk , '' he said . 
 `` iris 2 only risks one life . 
 rich purnell risks all six of them . 
 i know rich purnell is more likely to work , but i do n't think it 's six times more likely . '' 
 `` you fucking coward , '' mitch said . 
 `` mitch ... '' venkat said . 
 `` you god damned fucking coward , '' mitch continued , ignoring venkat . 
 `` you just want to cut your losses . 
 you 're on damage control . 
 you do n't give a shit about watney 's life . '' 
 `` of course i do , '' teddy replied . 
 `` and i 'm sick of your infantile attitude . 
 you can throw all the tantrums you want , but the rest of us have to be adults . 
 this is n't a tv show ; the riskier solution is n't always the best . '' 
 `` space is dangerous , '' mitch snapped . 
 `` it 's what we do here . 
 if you want to play it safe all the time , go join an insurance company . 
 and by the way , it 's not even your life you 're risking . 
 the crew can make up their own minds about it . '' 
 `` no they ca n't , '' teddy fired back . 
 `` they 're too emotionally involved . 
 clearly , so are you . 
 i 'm not gambling five lives to save one . 
 especially when we might save him without risking them at all . '' 
 `` bullshit ! '' 
 mitch shot back as he stood from his chair . 
 `` you 're just convincing yourself the crash-lander will work so you do n't have to take a risk . 
 you 're hanging him out to dry , you chicken-shit son of a bitch ! '' 
 he stormed out of the room , slamming the door behind him . 
 after a few seconds , venkat followed behind , saying `` i 'll make sure he cools off . '' 
 bruce slumped in his chair . 
 `` sheesh , '' he said , nervously . 
 `` we 're scientists , for christ 's sake . 
 what the hell !? '' 
 annie quietly gathered her things and placed them in her briefcase . 
 teddy looked to her . 
 `` sorry about that , annie , '' he said . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 sometimes men let testosterone take over - '' `` i was hoping he 'd kick your ass , '' she interrupted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i know you care about the astronauts , but he 's right . 
 you are a fucking coward . 
 if you had balls we might be able to save watney . '' 
 lewis : hi , commander . 
 between training and our trip to mars , i spent 2 years working with you . 
 i think i know you pretty well . 
 so i 'm guessing you blame yourself for my situation . 
 do n't . 
 you were faced with an impossible scenario and made a tough decision . 
 that 's what commanders do . 
 and your decision was right . 
 if you 'd waited any longer , the mav would have tipped . 
 i 'm sure you 've run through all the possible outcomes in your head , so you know there 's nothing you could have done differently -lrb- other than `` be psychic '' -rrb- . 
 you probably think losing a crewman is the worst thing that can happen . 
 not true . 
 losing the whole crew is worse . 
 you kept that from happening . 
 but there 's something more important we need to discuss : what is it with you and disco ? 
 i can understand the ' 70 's tv because everyone loves hairy people with huge collars . 
 but disco ? 
 disco !? 
 vogel checked the position and orientation of hermes against the projected path . 
 it matched , as usual . 
 in addition to being the mission 's chemist , he was also an accomplished astrophysicist . 
 though his duties as navigator were laughably easy . 
 the computer knew the course . 
 it knew when to angle the ship so the ion engines would be aimed correctly . 
 and it knew the location of the ship at all times -lrb- easily calculated from the position of the sun and earth , and knowing the exact time from an on-board atomic clock . -rrb- 
 barring a complete computer failure or other critical event , vogel 's vast knowledge of astrodynamics would never come in to play . 
 completing the check , he ran a diagnostic on the engines . 
 they were functioning at peak . 
 he did all this from his quarters . 
 all on-board computers could control all ship 's functions . 
 gone were the days of physically visiting the engines to check up on them . 
 having completed his work for the day , he finally had time to read email . 
 sorting through the messages nasa deemed worthy to upload , he read the most interesting first and responded when necessary . 
 his responses were cached and would be sent to earth with johanssen 's next uplink . 
 a message from his wife caught his attention . 
 titled unsere kinder -lrb- `` our children '' -rrb- , it contained nothing but an image attachment . 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 several things stood out at once . 
 firstly , `` kinder '' should have been capitalized . 
 helena , a grammar school teacher in bremen , was very unlikely to make that mistake . 
 also , to each other , they affectionately called their kids die affen . 
 attempting to open the image , his viewer reported the file was unreadable . 
 he walked down the narrow hallway . 
 the crew quarters stood against the outer hull of the constantly-spinning ship to maximize simulated gravity . 
 johanssen 's door was open , as usual . 
 `` johanssen . 
 good evening , '' vogel said . 
 the crew kept the same sleep schedule , and it was nearing bedtime . 
 `` oh , hello , '' johanssen said , looking up from her computer . 
 `` i have the computer problem , '' vogel explained . 
 `` i wonder if you will help . '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 `` you are in the personal time , '' vogel said . 
 `` perhaps tomorrow when you are on the duty is better ? '' 
 `` now 's fine , '' she said . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` it is a file . 
 it is an image , but my computer can not view . '' 
 `` where 's the file ? '' 
 she asked , typing on her keyboard . 
 `` it is on my shared space . 
 the name is ` kinder.jpg ' . '' 
 `` let 's take a look , '' she said . 
 her fingers flew over her keyboard as windows opened and closed on her screen . 
 `` definitely a bad jpg header , '' she said . 
 `` probably mangled in the download . 
 lem me look with a hex editor , see if we got anything at all ... '' after a few moments she said . 
 `` this is n't a jpg . 
 it 's a plain ascii text file . 
 looks like ... well i do n't know what it is . 
 looks like a bunch of math formulae . '' 
 she gestured to the screen . 
 `` does any of this make sense to you ? '' 
 vogel leaned in , looking at the text . 
 `` ja , '' he said . 
 `` it is a course maneuver for hermes . 
 it says the name is ` rich purnell maneuver ' . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 johanssen asked . 
 `` i have not heard of this maneuver . '' 
 he looked at the tables . 
 `` it is complicated ... very complicated ... '' he froze . 
 `` sol 549 !? '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` mein gott ! '' 
 the hermes crew enjoyed their scant personal time in an area called `` the rec '' . 
 consisting of a table and barely room to seat six , it ranked low in gravity priority . 
 it 's position amidships granted it a mere 0.2 g. still , it was enough to keep everyone in their seats as they pondered what vogel told them . '' 
 ... and then mission would conclude with earth intercept 211 days later , '' he finished up . 
 `` thank you , vogel , '' lewis said . 
 she 'd heard the explanation earlier when vogel came to her , but johanssen , martinez , and beck were hearing it for the first time . 
 she gave them a moment to digest . 
 `` would this really work ? '' 
 martinez asked . 
 `` ja , '' vogel nodded . 
 `` i ran the numbers . 
 they all check out . 
 it is brilliant course . 
 amazing . '' 
 `` how would he get off mars ? '' 
 martinez asked . 
 lewis leaned forward . 
 `` there was more in the message , '' she began . 
 `` the maneuver is part of an overall idea nasa had to rescue watney . 
 we 'd have to pick up a supply near earth , and he 'd have to get to ares-4 's mav . '' 
 `` why all the cloak and dagger ? '' 
 beck asked . 
 `` according to the message , '' lewis explained . 
 `` nasa rejected the idea . 
 they 'd rather take a big risk on watney than a small risk on all of us . 
 whoever snuck it in to vogel 's email obviously disagreed . '' 
 `` so , '' martinez said , `` we 're talking about going directly against nasa 's decision ? '' 
 `` yes , '' lewis confirmed , `` that 's what we 're talking about . 
 if we do the maneuver , they 'll have to send the supply ship or we 'll die . 
 we have the opportunity to force their hand . '' 
 `` are we going to do it ? '' 
 johanssen asked . 
 they all looked to lewis . 
 `` i wo n't lie , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd sure as hell like to . 
 but this is n't a normal decision . 
 this is something nasa expressly rejected . 
 we 're talking about mutiny . 
 and that 's not a word i throw around lightly . '' 
 she stood and paced slowly around the table . 
 `` we 'll only do it if we all agree . 
 and before you answer , consider the consequences . 
 if we mess up the supply rendezvous , we die . 
 if we mess up the earth gravity assist , we die . 
 `` if we do everything perfectly , we add 533 days to our mission . 
 533 days of unplanned space travel where anything could go wrong . 
 maintenance will be a hassle . 
 something might break that we ca n't fix . 
 if it 's life-critical , we die . '' 
 `` sign me up ! '' 
 martinez smiled . 
 `` easy , cowboy , '' lewis said . 
 `` you and i are military . 
 there 's a good chance we 'd be court-martialed when we got home . 
 as for the rest of you , i guarantee they 'll never send you up again . '' 
 martinez leaned against the wall , arms folded with a half grin on his face . 
 the rest silently considered what their commander had said . 
 `` if we do this , '' vogel said . 
 `` it would be over 1000 days of space . 
 this is enough space for a life . 
 i do not need to return . '' 
 `` sounds like vogel 's in , '' martinez grinned . 
 `` me , too , obviously . '' 
 `` let 's do it , '' beck said . 
 `` if you think it 'll work , '' johanssen said to lewis , `` i trust you . '' 
 `` ok , '' lewis said . 
 `` if we go for it , what 's involved ? '' 
 vogel shrugged . 
 `` i plot the course and execute it , '' he said . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` remote override , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it 's designed to get the ship back if we all die or something . 
 they can take over hermes from mission control . '' 
 `` but we 're right here , '' lewis said . 
 `` we can undo whatever they try , right ? '' 
 `` not really , '' johanssen said . 
 `` remote override takes priority over any on-board controls . 
 its assumes there 's been a disaster and the ship 's control panels ca n't be trusted . '' 
 `` can you disable it ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` hmm ... '' johanssen pondered . 
 `` hermes has four redundant flight computers , each connected to three redundant comm systems . 
 if any computer gets signal from any comm system , mission control can take over . 
 we ca n't shut down the comms ; we 'd lose telemetry and guidance . 
 we ca n't shut down the computers ; we need them to control the ship . 
 i 'll have to disable the remote override on each system ... it 's part of the os , i 'll have to jump over the code ... yes . 
 i can do it . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` you can turn it off ? '' 
 `` should n't be hard , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it 's an emergency feature , not a security program . 
 it is n't protected against malicious code . '' 
 `` malicious code ? '' 
 beck smiled . 
 `` so ... you 'll be a hacker ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' johanssen smiled back . 
 `` i guess i will . '' 
 `` all right , '' lewis said . 
 `` looks like we can do it . 
 but i do n't want peer pressure forcing anyone into it . 
 we 'll wait for 24 hours . 
 during that time , anyone can change their mind . 
 just talk to me in private or send me an email . 
 i 'll call it off and never tell anyone who it was . '' 
 lewis stayed behind as the rest filed out . 
 watching them leave , she saw they were smiling . 
 all four of them . 
 for the first time since leaving mars , they were back to their old selves . 
 she knew right then no one would change their mind . 
 they were going back to mars . 
 everyone knew brendan hutch would be running missions soon . 
 he rose through the ranks as fast as one could in the large , inertia-bound organization . 
 known as a diligent worker , his skill and leadership qualities were plain to all his subordinates . 
 brendan was in charge of mission control from 1am to 9am every night . 
 continued excellent performance in this role would certainly net him a promotion . 
 it was already announced he 'd be back-up flight controller for ares-4 , and he had a good shot at the top job for ares-5 . 
 `` flight , capcom , '' came a voice through his headset . 
 `` go capcom , '' brendan responded . 
 though they were in the same room , radio protocol was observed at all times . 
 `` unscheduled status update from hermes . '' 
 with hermes 90 light-seconds away , back-and-forth voice communication was impractical . 
 other than media relations , hermes would communicate via text until they were much closer . 
 `` roger , '' brendan said . 
 `` read it out . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't get it , flight , '' came the confused reply . 
 `` no real status , just a single sentence . '' 
 `` what 's it say ? '' 
 `` message reads : ` houston , be advised : rich purnell is a steely-eyed missile man . ' '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 brendan asked . 
 `` who the hell is rich purnell ? '' 
 `` flight , telemetry , '' came another voice . 
 `` go telemetry , '' brendan said . 
 `` hermes is off-course . '' 
 `` capcom , advise hermes they 're drifting . 
 telemetry , get a correction vector ready - '' `` negative , flight , '' telemetry interrupted . 
 `` it 's not drift . 
 they adjusted course . 
 instrumentation uplink shows a deliberate 27.812 degree rotation . '' 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 brendan stammered . 
 `` capcom , ask them what the hell . '' 
 `` roger flight ... message sent . 
 minimum reply time 3 minutes , 4 seconds . '' 
 `` telemetry , any chance this is instrumentation failure ? '' 
 `` negative , flight . 
 we 're tracking them with satcon . 
 observed position is consistent with the course change . '' 
 `` capcom , read your logs and see what the previous shift did . 
 see if a massive course change was ordered and somehow nobody told us . '' 
 `` roger , flight . '' 
 `` guidance , flight . '' 
 brendan said . 
 `` go flight , '' came the reply from the guidance controller . 
 `` work out how long they can stay on this course before it 's irreversible . 
 at what point will they no longer be able to intercept earth ? '' 
 `` working on that now , flight . '' 
 `` and somebody find out who the hell rich purnell is ! '' 
 mitch sat comfortably in teddy 's office . 
 `` why 'd you do it , mitch ? '' 
 teddy demanded . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` you know damn well what i 'm talking about . '' 
 `` oh , you mean the hermes mutiny ? '' 
 mitch said innocently . 
 `` you know , that 'd make a good movie title . 
 ` the hermes mutiny . ' 
 got a nice ring to it . '' 
 `` we know you did it , '' teddy said sternly . 
 `` we do n't know how , but we know you sent them the maneuver . '' 
 `` i suppose you have proof , then ? '' 
 teddy glared . 
 `` no . 
 not yet , but we 're working on it . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` is that really the best use of our time ? 
 i mean , we have a near-earth resupply to plan , not to mention figuring out how to get watney to schiaparelli . 
 we 've got a lot on our plates . '' 
 `` you 're damn right we have a lot on our plates ! '' 
 teddy fumed . 
 `` after your little stunt , we 're committed to this thing . '' 
 `` alleged stunt , '' mitch said . 
 `` i suppose annie will tell the media we decided to try this risky maneuver ? 
 and she 'll leave out the mutiny part ? '' 
 `` of course , '' teddy said . 
 `` otherwise we 'd look like idiots . '' 
 `` guess that 's me off the hook then ! '' 
 mitch smiled . 
 `` ca n't fire me for enacting nasa policy . 
 allegedly enacting it , that is . 
 i guess lewis is off the hook , too . 
 and maybe watney gets to live . 
 happy endings all around ! '' 
 `` you may have killed the whole crew , '' teddy countered . 
 `` ever think of that ? '' 
 `` whomever gave them the maneuver , '' mitch said , `` only passed along information . 
 lewis made the decision to act on it . 
 if she let emotion cloud her judgment , she 'd be a shitty commander . 
 and she 's not a shitty commander . '' 
 `` if i can ever prove it was you , i 'll find a way to fire you for it . '' 
 teddy warned . 
 `` sure , '' mitch shrugged . 
 `` but if i was n't willing to take risks to save lives , i 'd ... '' he thought for a moment . 
 `` well , i guess i 'd be you . '' 
 chapter 17 log entry : sol 192 holy shit ! 
 they 're coming back for me ! 
 i do n't even know how to react . 
 i 'm choked up ! 
 and i 've got a shitload of work to do before i catch that bus home . 
 they ca n't orbit . 
 if i 'm not in space when they pass by , all they can do is wave . 
 i have to get to ares-4 's mav . 
 even nasa accepts that . 
 and when the nannies at nasa recommend a 3200km overland drive , you know you 're trouble . 
 schiaparelli crater here i come ! 
 well ... not right away . 
 i still have to do the aforementioned shitload of work . 
 my trip to pathfinder was a quick jaunt compared to the epic journey that 's coming up . 
 i got away with a lot of shortcuts because i only had to survive 18 sols . 
 this time , things are different . 
 i averaged 80km/sol on my way to pathfinder . 
 if i do that well toward schiaparelli it 'll take 40 sols . 
 call it 50 to be safe . 
 but there 's more to it than just travel . 
 once i get there , i 'll need to set up camp and do a bunch of mav modifications . 
 nasa estimates they 'll take 30 sols , 45 to be safe . 
 between the trip and the mav mods , that 's 95 sols . 
 call it 100 because `` 95 '' cries out to be approximated . 
 so i 'll need to survive away from the hab for 100 sols . 
 `` what about the mav ? '' 
 i hear you ask -lrb- in my fevered imagination -rrb- . 
 `` wo n't it have some supplies ? 
 air and water at the very least ? '' 
 nope . 
 it 's got dick-all . 
 it does have air tanks , but they 're empty . 
 an ares mission needs lots of o2 , n2 and water anyway . 
 why send more with the mav ? 
 easier to have the crew top off the mav from the hab . 
 fortunately for my crewmates , the mission plan had martinez fill the mav tanks on sol 1 . 
 the flyby is on sol 549 , so i 'll need to leave by 449 . 
 that gives me 257 sols to get my shit in gear . 
 seems like a long time , does n't it ? 
 in that time , i need to modify the rover to carry the atmospheric regulator , oxygenator , and water reclaimer . 
 i call them `` the big three '' . 
 all three need to be in the pressurized area , but the rover is n't big enough . 
 all three need to be running at all times , but the rover 's batteries ca n't handle that load for long . 
 the rover will also need to carry all my food , water , solar cells , extra battery , my tools , some spare parts , and pathfinder . 
 as my sole means of communication with nasa , pathfinder gets to ride on the roof , granny clampett style . 
 i have a lot of problems to solve , but i have a lot of smart people to solve them . 
 pretty much the whole planet earth . 
 nasa is still working on the details , but the idea is to use both rovers . 
 one to drive around , the other to act as a trailer for all the shit i have to bring . 
 i 'll have to make structural changes to that trailer . 
 and by `` structural changes '' i mean `` cut a big hole in the hull . '' 
 then i can move the big three in and use hab canvas to loosely cover the hole . 
 it 'll balloon out when i pressurize the rover , but it 'll hold . 
 how will i cut a big chunk out of a rover 's hull ? 
 i 'll let my lovely assistant venkat kapoor explain further : -lsb- 14:38 -rsb- jpl : i 'm sure you 're wondering how to cut a hole in the rover . 
 our experiments show a rock sample drill can get through the hull . 
 wear and tear on the bit is minimal -lrb- rocks are harder than carbon composite -rrb- . 
 you can cut holes in a line , then chisel out the remaining chunks between them . 
 i hope you like drilling . 
 the drill bit is 1cm wide , the holes will be 0.5 cm apart , and the length of the total cut is 11.4 m . 
 that 's 760 holes . 
 and each one takes 160 seconds to drill . 
 problem : the drills were n't designed for construction projects . 
 they were intended for quick rock samples . 
 the batteries only last 240 seconds . 
 you do have two drills , but you 'd still only get 3 holes done before needing to recharge . 
 and recharging takes 41 minutes . 
 that 's 173 hours of work , limited to 8 eva hours per day . 
 that 's 21 days of drilling , and that 's just too long . 
 all our other ideas hinge on this cut working . 
 if it does n't , we need time to come up with new ones . 
 so we want you to wire a drill directly to hab power . 
 the drill expects 28.8 v and pulls 9 amps . 
 the only lines that can handle that are the rover recharge lines . 
 they 're 36v , 10a max . 
 since you have two , we 're comfortable with you modifying one . 
 we 'll send you instructions on how to step down the voltage and put a new breaker in the line , but i 'm sure you already know how . 
 i 'll be playing with high voltage power tomorrow . 
 ca n't imagine anything going wrong with that ! 
 log entry : sol 193 i managed to not kill myself today , even though i was working with high voltage . 
 well , it 's not as exciting as all that . 
 i disconnected the line before i fucked with it . 
 as instructed , i turned a rover charging cable into a drill power source . 
 getting the voltage was a simple matter of adding resistors , which my electronics kit has in abundance . 
 i had to make my own a 9 amp breaker . 
 i strung three 3a breakers in parallel . 
 there 's no way for 9a to get through that without tripping all three in rapid succession . 
 then i had to rewire a drill . 
 pretty much the same thing i did with pathfinder . 
 take out the battery and replace it with a power line from the hab . 
 but this time it was a lot easier . 
 pathfinder was too big to fit through any of my airlocks , so i had to do all the rewiring outside . 
 ever done electronics while wearing a space suit ? 
 pain in the ass . 
 i even had to make a workbench out of mav landing struts , remember ? 
 anyway , the drill fit in the airlock easily . 
 it 's only a meter tall , and shaped like a jackhammer . 
 we did our rock sampling standing up , like apollo astronauts . 
 also , unlike my pathfinder hatchet-job , i had the full schematics of the drill . 
 i removed the battery and attached a power line where it used to be . 
 then , taking the drill and it 's new cord outside , i connected it to the modified rover charger and fired it up . 
 worked like a charm ! 
 the drill whirled away with happy abandon . 
 somehow , i had managed to do everything right the first try . 
 deep down , i thought i 'd fry the drill for sure . 
 it was n't even midday yet . 
 i figured why not get a jump on drilling ? 
 -lsb- 10:07 -rsb- watney : power line modifications complete . 
 hooked it up to a drill , and it works great . 
 plenty of daylight left . 
 send me a description of that hole you want me to cut . 
 -lsb- 10:25 -rsb- jpl : glad to hear it . 
 starting on the cut sounds great . 
 just to be clear , these are modifications to rover 1 , which we 've been calling `` the trailer . '' 
 rover 2 -lrb- the one with your modifications for the trip to pathfinder -rrb- should remain as-is for now . 
 you 'll be taking a chunk out of the roof , just in front of the airlock in the rear of the vehicle . 
 the hole needs to be at least 2.5 m long and the full 2m width of the pressure vessel . 
 before any cuts , draw the shape on the trailer , and position the trailer where pathfinder 's camera can see it . 
 we 'll let you know if you got it right . 
 -lsb- 10:43 -rsb- watney : roger . 
 take a pic at 11:30 if you have n't heard from me by then . 
 the rovers are made to interlock so one can tow the other . 
 that way you can rescue your crewmates if the shit hits the fan . 
 for that same reason , rovers can share air via hoses you connect between them . 
 that little feature will let me share atmosphere with the trailer on my long drive . 
 i 'd stolen the trailer 's battery long ago ; it had no ability to move under it 's own power . 
 so i hitched it up to my awesomely modified rover and towed it in to place near pathfinder . 
 venkat told me to `` draw '' the shape i plan to cut , but he neglected to mention how . 
 it 's not like i have a sharpie that can work out on the surface . 
 so i vandalized martinez 's bed . 
 the cots are basically hammocks . 
 lightweight string woven loosely into something that 's comfortable to sleep on . 
 every gram counts when making stuff to send to mars . 
 i unraveled martinez 's bed and took the string outside . 
 i taped it to the trailer hull along the path i planned to cut . 
 yes , of course duct tape works in a near-vacuum . 
 duct tape works anywhere . 
 duct tape is magic and should be worshiped . 
 i can see what nasa has in mind . 
 the rear of the trailer has an airlock that we 're not going to mess with . 
 the cut is just ahead of it , and will leave plenty of space for the big three to stand . 
 i have no idea how nasa plans to power the big three for 24and a half hours a day and still have energy left to drive . 
 i bet they do n't know , either . 
 but they 're smart ; they 'll work something out . 
 -lsb- 11:49 -rsb- jpl : what we can see of your planned cut looks good . 
 we 're assuming the other side is identical . 
 you 're cleared to start drilling . 
 -lsb- 12:07 -rsb- watney : that 's what she said . 
 -lsb- 12:25 -rsb- jpl : seriously , mark ? 
 seriously ? 
 first , i depressurized the trailer . 
 call me crazy , but i did n't want the drill explosively launched at my face . 
 then i had to pick somewhere to start . 
 i thought it 'd be easiest to start on the side . 
 i was wrong . 
 the roof would have been better . 
 the side was a hassle because i had to hold the drill parallel to the ground . 
 this is n't your dad 's black and decker we 're talking about . 
 it 's a meter long and only safe to hold by the handles . 
 getting it to bite was nasty . 
 i pressed it against the hull and turned it on , but it wandered all over the place . 
 so i got my trusty hammer and screwdriver . 
 with a few taps , i made a small chip in the carbon composite . 
 that gave the bit a place to seat , so i could keep drilling in one place . 
 as nasa predicted , it took about two minutes to get all the way through . 
 i followed the same procedure for the second hole and it went much smoother . 
 after the third hole , the drill 's overheat light came on . 
 it was n't designed to operate constantly for so long . 
 fortunately , it sensed the overheat and warned me . 
 so i leaned it against the workbench for a few minutes and it cooled down . 
 one thing you can say about mars : it 's really cold . 
 the thin atmosphere does n't conduct heat very well , but it cools everything eventually . 
 i had already removed the drill 's cowling -lrb- the power cord needed a way in -rrb- . 
 a pleasant side effect is the drill cools even faster . 
 though i 'll have to clean it thoroughly every few hours as dust accumulates . 
 by 17:00 , when the sun began to set , i had drilled 75 holes . 
 a good start , but there 's still tons to do . 
 eventually -lrb- probably tomorrow -rrb- i 'll have to start drilling holes that i ca n't reach from the ground . 
 for that i 'll need something to stand on . 
 i ca n't use my `` workbench . '' 
 it 's got pathfinder on it , and the last thing i 'm going to do is mess with that . 
 but i 've got three more mav landing struts . 
 i 'm sure i can make a ramp or something . 
 anyway , that 's all stuff for tomorrow . 
 tonight is about eating a full ration for dinner . 
 awww yeah . 
 that 's right . 
 i 'm either getting rescued on sol 549 or i 'm dying . 
 that means i have 35 days of extra food . 
 i can indulge once in a while . 
 log entry : sol 194 i average a hole every 3.5 minutes . 
 that includes the occasional breather to let the drill cool off . 
 i learned this by spending all damn day drilling . 
 after 8 hours of dull , physically intense work , i had 137 holes to show for it . 
 it turned out to be easy to deal with places i could n't reach . 
 i did n't need to modify a landing strut after all . 
 i just had to get something to stand on . 
 i used a geological sample container -lrb- also known as `` a box '' -rrb- . 
 before i was in contact with nasa , i would have worked more than 8 hours . 
 i can stay out for 10 before even dipping in to `` emergency '' air . 
 but nasa 's got a lot of nervous nellies who do n't want me out longer than spec . 
 with today 's work , i 'm about of the way through the whole cut . 
 at least , of the way through the drilling . 
 then i 'll have 759 little chunks to chisel out . 
 and i 'm not sure how well carbon composite is going to take to that . 
 but nasa 'll do it a thousand times back on earth and tell me the best way to get it done . 
 anyway , at this rate , it 'll take 4 more days of -lrb- boring-ass -rrb- work to finish the drilling . 
 i 've actually exhausted lewis 's supply of shitty ' 70 's tv . 
 and i 've read all of johanssen 's mystery books . 
 i rifled through other crewmates ' stuff to find entertainment . 
 but all of vogel 's stuff is in german , beck brought nothing but medical journals , and martinez did n't bring anything . 
 i 'm got really bored , so i decided to pick a theme song ! 
 something appropriate . 
 and naturally , it should be something from lewis 's godawful ' 70 's collection . 
 it would n't be right any other way . 
 there are plenty of great candidates : life on mars by david bowie , rocket man by elton john , alone again -lrb- naturally -rrb- by gilbert o'sullivan . 
 but i settled on stayin ' alive by the bee gees . 
 log entry : sol 195 another day , another bunch of holes . 
 145 this time -lrb- i 'm getting better . -rrb- 
 i 'm half-way done . 
 this is getting really old . 
 but at least i have encouraging messages from venkat to cheer me on ! 
 -lsb- 17:12 -rsb- watney : 145 holes today . 
 357 total . 
 -lsb- 17:31 -rsb- jpl : we thought you 'd have more done by now . 
 dick . 
 anyway , i 'm still bored at night . 
 i guess that 's a good thing . 
 nothing 's wrong with the hab , there 's a plan to save me , and the physical labor is making me sleep wonderfully . 
 i miss tending the potatoes . 
 the hab is n't the same without them . 
 there 's still soil everywhere . 
 no point in lugging it back outside . 
 lacking anything better to do , i ran some tests on it . 
 amazingly , some of the bacteria survived . 
 the population is strong and growing . 
 that 's pretty impressive , when you consider it was exposed to near-vacuum and sub-arctic temperatures for over 24 hours . 
 my guess is pockets of ice formed around some of the bacteria , leaving a bubble of survivable pressure inside , and the cold was n't quite enough to kill them . 
 with hundreds of millions of bacteria , it only takes one survivor to stave off extinction . 
 life is amazingly tenacious . 
 they do n't want to die anymore than i do . 
 log entry : sol 196 i fucked up . 
 i fucked up big time . 
 i made a mistake that might kill me . 
 i started my eva around 08:45 , same as always . 
 i got my hammer and screwdriver and started chipping the trailer 's hull . 
 it 's a pain in the ass to make a chip before each drilling , so i make all the day 's chips in a single go . 
 after chipping out 150 divots -lrb- hey , i 'm an optimist -rrb- , i got to work . 
 it was the same as yesterday and the day before . 
 drill through , relocate . 
 drill through , relocate . 
 drill through a third time , then set the drill aside to cool . 
 repeat that process over and over till lunchtime . 
 at 12:00 , i took a break . 
 back in the hab , i enjoyed a nice lunch and played some chess against the computer -lrb- it kicked my ass -rrb- . 
 then back out for the day 's second eva . 
 at 13:30 my ruination occurred , though i did n't realize it at the time . 
 the worst moments in life are heralded by small observations . 
 the tiny lump on your side that was n't there before . 
 coming home to your wife and seeing two wine glasses in the sink . 
 any time you hear `` we interrupt this program ... '' for me , it was when the drill did n't start . 
 only three minutes earlier , it was working fine . 
 i had finished a hole and set the drill aside to cool . 
 same as always . 
 but when i tried to get back to work , it did n't work . 
 the power light would n't even come on . 
 i was n't worried . 
 if all else failed , i had another drill . 
 it would take a few hours to wire it up , but that 's hardly a concern . 
 the power light being off meant there was probably something wrong with the line . 
 a quick glance at the airlock window showed the lights were on in the hab . 
 so there were no systemic power problems . 
 i checked my new breakers and sure enough , all three had tripped . 
 i guess the drill pulled a little too much amperage . 
 no big deal . 
 i reset the breakers and got back to work . 
 the drill fired right up , and i was back to making holes . 
 does n't seem like a big deal , right ? 
 i certainly did n't think so at the time . 
 i finished my day at 17:00 after drilling 131 holes . 
 not as good as yesterday , but i lost some time to the drill malfunction . 
 i reported my progress . 
 -lsb- 17:08 -rsb- watney : 131 holes today . 
 488 total . 
 minor drill issue ; it tripped the breakers . 
 there may be an intermittent short in the drill , probably in the attachment point of the power line . 
 might need to redo it . 
 earth an mars are just over 18 light-minutes apart now . 
 usually , nasa responded within 25 minutes . 
 but this time , no reply came . 
 remember , i do all my communication from rover 2 , which relays everything through pathfinder . 
 i ca n't just lounge in the hab awaiting a reply ; i have to stay in the rover until they acknowledge the message . 
 -lsb- 17:38 -rsb- watney : have received no reply . 
 last message sent 30 minutes ago . 
 please acknowledge . 
 i waited another 30 minutes . 
 still no reply . 
 fear started to take root . 
 back when jpl 's nerd brigade hacked the rover and pathfinder to be an poor-man 's im client , they sent me a cheat sheet for troubleshooting . 
 i executed the first instruction : -lsb- 18:09 -rsb- watney : system_command : status -lsb- 18:09 -rsb- system : last message sent 00h31m ago . 
 last message received 26h17m ago . 
 last ping reply from probe received 04h24m ago . 
 warning : 52 unanswered pings . 
 pathfinder was no longer talking to the rover . 
 it had stopped answering pings 4 hours and 24 minutes ago . 
 some quick math told me that was around 13:30 today . 
 the same time the drill died . 
 i tried not to panic . 
 the troubleshooting sheet has a list of things to try if communication is lost . 
 they are -lrb- in order -rrb- : 1 . 
 confirm power still flowing to pathfinder . 
 2 . 
 reboot rover . 
 3 . 
 reboot pathfinder by disconnecting/reconnecting power . 
 4 . 
 install rover 's comm software on the other rover 's computer , try from there . 
 5 . 
 if both rovers fail , problem is likely with pathfinder . 
 check connections very closely . 
 clean pathfinder of martian dust . 
 6 . 
 spell message in morse code with rocks , include things attempted . 
 problem may be recoverable with remote update of pathfinder . 
 i only got as far as step 1 . 
 i checked pathfinder 's connections and the negative lead was no longer attached . 
 i was elated ! 
 what a relief ! 
 with a smile on my face , i fetched my electronics kit and prepared to reattach the lead . 
 i pulled it out of the probe to give it a good cleaning -lrb- as best i can with the gloves of my space suit -rrb- and noticed something strange . 
 the insulation had melted . 
 i pondered this development . 
 melted insulation usually means a short . 
 more current than the wire could handle had passed through . 
 but the bare portion of the wire was n't black or even singed , and the positive lead 's insulation was n't melted at all . 
 then , one by one , the horrible realities of mars came in to play . 
 the wire would n't be burnt or singed . 
 that 's a result of oxidization . 
 and there 's no oxygen in the air . 
 there likely was a short after all . 
 but with the positive lead being unaffected , the power must have come from somewhere else ... and the drill 's breaker tripped around the same time ... oh ... shit ... the internal electronics for pathfinder included a ground lead to the hull . 
 this way it could not build up a static charge in martian weather conditions -lrb- no water and frequent sandblasting can make impressive static charge -rrb- . 
 the hull sat on panel a , one of four sides of the tetrahedron which brought pathfinder the mars . 
 the other 3 sides are still in ares vallis where i left them . 
 between panel a and the workbench were the mylar balloons pathfinder had used to tumble-land . 
 i had shredded many of them to transport it . 
 still , a lot of material remained ; enough to reach around panel a and be in contact with the hull . 
 i should mention that mylar is conductive . 
 at 13:30 , i leaned the drill against the workbench . 
 the drill 's cowling was off to make room for the power line . 
 the workbench is metal . 
 if the drill leaned against the workbench just right , it could make a metal-to-metal connection . 
 and that 's exactly what happened . 
 power traveled from the drill line 's positive , through the workbench , through the mylar , through pathfinder 's hull , through a bunch of extremely sensitive and irreplaceable electronics , and out the negative lead of pathfinder 's power line . 
 pathfinder operates on 50 milliamps . 
 it got nine thousand milliamps , which plowed through the delicate electronics , frying everything along the way . 
 the breakers tripped , but it was too late . 
 pathfinder 's dead . 
 i 've lost the ability to contact earth . 
 i 'm on my own . 
 chapter 18 log entry : sol 197 sigh ... just once i 'd like something to go to plan , ya know ? 
 mars keeps trying to kill me . 
 well ... mars did n't electrocute pathfinder . 
 so i 'll amend that : mars and my stupidity keep trying to kill me . 
 ok , enough self-pity . 
 i 'm not doomed . 
 things will be just be harder than planned . 
 i have all i need to survive . 
 and hermes is still on the way . 
 i spelled out a morse code message using rocks . 
 `` pathfinder fried with 9amps . 
 dead forever . 
 plan unchanged . 
 will get to mav . '' 
 if i can get to the ares-4 mav , i 'll be set . 
 but having lost contact with nasa , i have to design my own great martian winnebago . 
 for the time being , i 've stopped all work on it . 
 i do n't want to continue without a plan . 
 i 'm sure nasa had all kinds of ideas , but now i have to come up with one on my own . 
 as i mentioned , the big three -lrb- atmospheric regulator , oxygenator , and water reclaimer -rrb- are critical components . 
 i worked around them for my trip to pathfinder . 
 i used co2 filters to regulate the atmosphere , and brought enough oxygen and water for the whole trip . 
 that wo n't work this time . 
 i need the big three . 
 problem is , they soak up a lot of power , and have to run all day long . 
 the rover batteries have 18kwh of juice . 
 the oxygenator alone uses 44.1 kwh per sol . 
 see my problem ? 
 you know what ? 
 `` kilowatt-hours per sol '' is a pain in the ass to say . 
 i 'm gon na invent a new scientific unit name . 
 one kilowatt-hour per sol is ... it can be anything ... um ... i suck at this ... oh fuck it . 
 i 'll call it a `` pirate-ninja . '' 
 all told , the big three need 69.2 pn , most of that going to the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 -lrb- the water reclaimer only needs 3.6 of that . -rrb- 
 there 'll be cutbacks . 
 the easiest one is the water reclaimer . 
 i have 620l of water -lrb- i had a lot more before the hab blew up -rrb- . 
 i only need three liters of water per sol , so my supply will last 206 sols . 
 there 's only 100 sols after i leave and before i 'm picked up -lrb- or die in the attempt -rrb- . 
 conclusion : i do n't need the water reclaimer at all . 
 i 'll drink as needed , and dump my waste outdoors . 
 yeah , that 's right mars , i 'm gon na piss and shit on you . 
 that 's what you get for trying to kill me all the time . 
 there . 
 i saved myself 3.6 pirate-ninjas . 
 log entry : sol 198 i 've had a breakthrough with the oxygenator ! 
 i spent most of the day looking at the specs . 
 it heats co2 to 900c , then passes it over a zirconia electrolysis cell to yank the carbon atoms off . 
 heating the gas is what takes most of the energy . 
 why is that important ? 
 because i 'm just one guy and the oxygenator was made for six . 
 1/6th the quantity of co2 means 1/6th the energy to heat it . 
 the spec said 44.1 pn , but all this time it 's only been using 7.35 because of the reduced load . 
 now we 're getting somewhere ! 
 then there 's the matter of the atmospheric regulator . 
 the regulator samples the air , figures out what 's wrong with it , and corrects the problem . 
 too much co2 ? 
 take it out . 
 not enough o2 ? 
 add some . 
 without it , the oxygenator is worthless . 
 the co2 needs to be separated in order to be processed . 
 the regulator analyzes the air with spectroscopy , then separates the gasses by supercooling them . 
 different elements turn to liquid at different temperatures . 
 on earth , supercooling this much air would take ridiculous amounts of energy . 
 but -lrb- as i 'm acutely aware -rrb- this is n't earth . 
 supercooling is done by pumping air to a component outside the hab . 
 the air quickly cools to the outdoor temperature , which ranges from -150 c to 0c . 
 when it 's warm , additional refrigeration is used , but cold days can turn air to liquid for free . 
 the real energy cost comes from heating it back up . 
 if it came back to the hab unheated , i 'd freeze to death . 
 `` but wait ! '' 
 you 're thinking , `` mars 's atmosphere is n't liquid . 
 why does the hab 's air condense ? '' 
 the hab 's atmosphere is 90 times as dense , so it turns to liquid at much higher temperatures . 
 the regulator gets the best of both worlds . 
 literally . 
 side note : mars 's atmosphere does condense at the poles . 
 in fact , it solidifies into dry ice . 
 problem : the regulator takes 21.5 pn . 
 even adding some of the hab 's power cells would barely power the regulator for a sol , let alone have juice to drive . 
 more thinking is required . 
 log entry : sol 199 i 've got it . 
 i know how to power the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 the problem with small pressure vessels is co2 toxicity . 
 you can have all the oxygen in the world , but once the co2 gets above 1 % you 'll start to get drowsy . 
 at 2 % it 's like being drunk . 
 at 5 % , it 's hard to stay conscious . 
 8 % will eventually kill you . 
 keeping alive is n't about oxygen , it 's about getting rid of co2 . 
 i need the regulator . 
 but i do n't need the oxygenator all the time . 
 i just need to get co2 out of the air , and back-fill with oxygen . 
 i have 50 liters of liquid oxygen in two 25l tanks here in the hab . 
 that 's 50,000 l in gaseous form , enough to last 85 days . 
 not enough to see me through to rescue , but a hell of a lot . 
 the regulator can separate the co2 and store it in a tank , adding oxygen to my air as needed . 
 when i run low on oxygen , i can camp out for a day and use all my power to run the oxygenator . 
 that way , the oxygenator 's power consumption does n't eat up my driving juice . 
 so i 'll run the regulator all the time , but only run the oxygenator on days i dedicate to using it . 
 after the regulator freezes the co2 out , the oxygen and nitrogen are still gasses , but they 're -75 c . 
 if the regulator fed that back to my air without reheating it , i 'd be a popsicle within hours . 
 most of the regulator 's power goes to heating the return air so that does n't happen . 
 but i have a better way to heat it up . 
 something nasa would n't consider on their most homicidal day . 
 the rtg ! 
 yes , the rtg . 
 you may remember it from my exciting trip to pathfinder . 
 a lovely lump of plutonium so radioactive it gives off 1500 watts of heat which it uses to harvest 100w of electricity . 
 so what happens to the other 1400w ? 
 it gets radiated out as heat . 
 on the trip to pathfinder , i had to actually remove insulation from the rover to vent excess heat from the damn thing . 
 i ran the numbers . 
 the regulator uses 790w to constantly reheat air . 
 the rtg 's 1400w is more than equal to the task , as well as keeping the rover a reasonable temperature . 
 to test , i shut down the heaters in the regulator and noted its power consumption . 
 after a few minutes i turned them right back on again . 
 jesus christ that return air was cold . 
 but i got the data i wanted . 
 with heating , the regulator needs 21.5 pn . 
 without it ... -lrb- drum roll -rrb- 1pn . 
 that 's right , almost all of the power was going to heat . 
 as with most of life 's problems , this one can be solved by a box of pure radiation . 
 i spent the rest of the day double-checking my numbers and running more tests . 
 it all checks out . 
 i can do this . 
 log entry : sol 200 i hauled rocks today . 
 i needed to know what kind of power efficiency the rover/trailer will get . 
 on the way to pathfinder , i got 80km from 18kwh . 
 this time , the load will be a lot heavier . 
 i 'll be towing the trailer and all the other shit . 
 i backed the rover up to the trailer and attached the tow clamps . 
 easy enough . 
 the trailer has been depressurized for some time now -lrb- there 's a couple of hundred little holes in it , after all -rrb- , so i opened both airlock doors to have a straight shot at the interior . 
 then i threw a bunch of rocks in . 
 i had to guess at the weight . 
 the heaviest thing i 'll bring with me is the water . 
 620kg worth . 
 my freeze-dried potatoes will add another 200kg . 
 i 'll probably have more solar cells than before , and maybe a battery from the hab . 
 plus the atmospheric regulator and oxygenator , of course . 
 rather than weigh all that shit , i took a guess and called it 1200kg . 
 half a cubic meter of basalt weighs about that much -lrb- more or less -rrb- . 
 after two hours of brutal labor , during which i whined a lot , i got it all loaded in . 
 then , with both batteries fully charged , i drove circles around the hab until i drained them both . 
 with a blistering top speed of 25kph , it 's not an action-packed thrill ride . 
 but i was impressed it could maintain that speed with all the extra weight . 
 the rover has spectacular torque . 
 but physical law is a pushy little shit , and it exacted revenge for the additional weight . 
 i only got 57km before i was out of juice . 
 that was 57km on level ground , without having to power the regulator -lrb- which wo n't take much with the heater off -rrb- . 
 call it 50km per day to be safe . 
 at that rate it would take 65 days to get to schiaparelli . 
 but that 's just the travel time . 
 every now and then , i 'll need to break for a day and let the oxygenator use all the power . 
 how often ? 
 after a bunch of math i worked out that my 18pn budget can power the oxygenator enough to make 2.5 sols of o2 . 
 i 'd have to stop every two to three sols to reclaim oxygen . 
 my 65 sol trip would become 91 ! 
 that 's too fucking long . 
 i 'll tear my own head off if i have to live in the rover that long . 
 anyway , i 'm exhausted from lifting rocks and whining about lifting rocks . 
 i think i pulled something in my back . 
 gon na take it easy the rest of today . 
 log entry : sol 201 yeah , i definitely pulled something in my back . 
 i woke up in agony . 
 so i took a break from rover planning . 
 instead , i spent the day taking drugs and playing with radiation . 
 first , i loaded up on vicodin for my back . 
 hooray for beck 's medical supplies ! 
 then i drove out to the rtg . 
 it was right where i left it , in a hole 4km away . 
 only an idiot would keep that thing near the hab . 
 so anyway , i brought it back to the hab . 
 either it 'll kill me or it wo n't . 
 a lot of work went in to making sure it does n't break . 
 if i ca n't trust nasa , who can i trust ? 
 -lrb- for now i 'll forget that nasa told us to bury it far away . -rrb- 
 i stored it on the roof of the rover for the trip back . 
 that puppy really spews heat . 
 i have some flexible plastic tubing intended for minor water reclaimer repairs . 
 after bringing the rtg in to the hab , i very carefully glued some tubing around the heat baffles . 
 using a funnel made from a piece of paper , i ran water through the tubing , letting it drain in to a sample container . 
 sure enough , the water heated up . 
 that 's not really a surprise , but it 's nice to see thermodynamics being well-behaved . 
 the atmospheric regulator does n't run constantly . 
 the freeze-separation speed is driven by the weather outside . 
 so the returning frigid air does n't come as a steady flow . 
 and the rtg generates a constant , predictable heat . 
 it ca n't `` ramp up '' its output . 
 so i 'll heat water with the rtg to create a heat reservoir , then i 'll make the return air bubble through it . 
 that way i do n't have to worry about when the air comes in . 
 and i wo n't have to deal with sudden temperature changes in the rover . 
 when the vicodin wore off , my back hurt even more than before . 
 i 'm going to need to take it easy . 
 i ca n't just pop pills forever . 
 so i 'm taking a few days off from heavy labor . 
 to that end , i made a little invention just for me ... i took johanssen 's cot and cut out the hammock . 
 then i draped spare hab canvas over the frame , making a pit inside the cot , with extra canvass around the edges . 
 weighing down the excess canvass with rocks , i now had a water-tight bathtub ! 
 it only took 100l to fill the shallow tub . 
 then , i stole the pump from the water reclaimer . 
 -lrb- i can go quite a while without the water reclaimer operating -rrb- . 
 hooking it up to my rtg-water-heater , i put both the input and output lines in the tub . 
 yes , i know this is ridiculous , but i had n't had a bath since earth , and my back hurts . 
 besides , i 'm going to spend 100 sols with the rtg anyway . 
 a few more wo n't hurt . 
 that 's my bullshit rationalization and i 'm sticking with it . 
 it took two hours to heat the water to 37c . 
 once it did , i shut off the pump , and got in . 
 oh man , all i can say is `` ahhhhhh . '' 
 why the hell did n't i think of this before ? 
 log entry : sol 207 i spent the last week recovering from back problems . 
 the pain was n't bad , but there are n't any chiropractors on mars , so i was n't taking chances . 
 i took hot baths twice a day , laid in my bunk a lot , and watched shitty ' 70 's tv . 
 i 've already seen lewis 's entire collection , but i did n't have much else to do . 
 i was reduced to watching reruns . 
 i got a lot of thinking done . 
 i can make everything better by having more solar panels . 
 the 14 panels i took to pathfinder provided the 18kwh that the batteries could store . 
 when traveling , i stowed the panels on the roof . 
 the trailer gives me room to store another 7 -lrb- half of its roof will be missing because of the hole i 'm cutting in it -rrb- . 
 this trip 's power needs will be driven by the oxygenator . 
 it all comes down to how much power i can give that greedy little fucker in a single sol . 
 i want to minimize how often i have days with no travel . 
 the more juice i can give the oxygenator , the more oxygen it 'll liberate , and the longer i can go between those `` air-sols . '' 
 let 's get greedy . 
 lets say i can find a home for 14 more panels instead of 7 . 
 not sure how to do that , but let 's say i can . 
 that would give me 38pn to work with , which would net me 5.1 sols of oxygen per air-sol . 
 i 'd only have to stop once per five sols . 
 that 's much more reasonable . 
 plus , if i can arrange battery storage for the extra power , i could drive 100km per sol ! 
 easier said than done , though . 
 that extra 18kwh of storage will be tough . 
 i 'll have to take 2 of the hab 's 9kwh fuel cells and load them on to the rover or trailer . 
 they are n't like the rover 's batteries ; they 're not small or portable . 
 they 're light enough , but they 're pretty big . 
 i may have to attach them to the outside hull , and that would eat in to my solar cell storage . 
 100km per sol , stopping every fifth sol to reclaim oxygen . 
 if i could pull that off , i 'd get there 40 sols . 
 that would be sweet ! 
 in other news , it occurred to me that nasa is probably shitting bricks . 
 they 're watching me with satellites , and have n't seen me come out of the hab for six days . 
 with my back better , it was time to drop them a line . 
 i headed out for an eva . 
 this time , being very careful while lugging rocks around , i spelled out a morse code message : `` injured back . 
 better now . 
 continuing rover mods . '' 
 that was enough physical labor for today . 
 i do n't want to overdo it . 
 think i 'll have a bath . 
 log entry : sol 208 today , it was time to experiment with the panels . 
 first , i put the hab on low power mode : no internal lights , all nonessential systems offline , all internal heating suspended . 
 i 'd be outside most of the day anyway . 
 i detached 28 panels from the solar farm and dragged them to the rover . 
 i spent four hours stacking them this way and that . 
 the poor rover looked like the beverly hillbillies truck . 
 nothing i did worked . 
 the only way to get all 28 on the roof was to make stacks so high they 'd fall off the first time i turned . 
 if i lashed them together , they 'd fall off as a unit . 
 if i found a way to attach them perfectly to the rover , the rover would tip . 
 i did n't even bother to test . 
 it was obvious by looking and i did n't want to break shit . 
 i have n't removed the chunk of hull from the trailer yet . 
 half the holes are drilled , but i 'm not committed to anything . 
 if i left it in place , i could have four stacks of seven cells . 
 that would work fine ; it 's just two rovers worth of what i did for the trip to pathfinder . 
 problem is , i need that opening . 
 the regulator has to be in the pressurized area and it 's too big to fit in the rover . 
 plus which , the oxygenator needs to be in a pressurized area while operating . 
 i 'll only need it every 5 sols , but what would i do on that sol ? 
 no , the hole has to be there . 
 as it is , i 'll be able to stow 21 panels . 
 i need homes for the other seven . 
 there 's only one place they can go : the sides of the rover and trailer . 
 one of my earlier modifications was `` saddlebags '' draped over the rover . 
 one side held the extra battery -lrb- stolen from what is now the trailer -rrb- while the other side was full of rocks as counterweight . 
 i wo n't need them this time around . 
 i can return the second battery to the trailer whence it came . 
 in fact , it 'll save me the hassle of the mid-drive eva i had to do every day to swap cables . 
 when the rovers are linked up , they share resources including electricity . 
 i went ahead and reinstalled the trailer 's battery . 
 it took me two hours but it 's out of the way now . 
 i removed the saddlebags and set them aside . 
 they may be handy down the line . 
 if i 've learned one thing from my stay at club mars , it 's that everything can be useful . 
 i had liberated the sides of the rover and trailer . 
 after staring at them for a while , i had my solution . 
 i 'll make l-brackets that stick out from the undercarriages , with the hooks facing up . 
 two brackets per side to make a shelf . 
 i could set panels on the shelves and lean them against the rover . 
 then i 'd lash them to the hull with homemade rope . 
 there 'll be four `` shelves '' total ; two on the rover and two on the trailer . 
 if the brackets stick out far enough to accommodate two panels , i could store 8 additional panels that way . 
 that would give me one more panel than i 'd even planned for . 
 i 'll make those brackets and install them tomorrow . 
 i would have done it today , but it got dark and i got lazy . 
 log entry : sol 209 cold night last night . 
 the solar cells were still detached from the farm , so i had to leave the hab in low-power mode . 
 i did turn the heat back on -lrb- i 'm not insane -rrb- , but i set the internal temperature to 1c to conserve power . 
 waking up to frigid weather was surprisingly nostalgic . 
 i grew up in chicago , after all . 
 but nostalgia only lasts so long . 
 i vowed to complete the brackets today , so i can return the panels to the farm . 
 then i can turn the damn heat back on . 
 i headed out to the mav 's landing strut array . 
 most of the mav was made from composite , but the struts had to absorb the shock of landing . 
 metal was the way to go . 
 each strut is 2 meters long , and held together by bolts . 
 i brought them in to the hab to save myself the hassle of working in an eva suit . 
 i took each strut apart , yielding a bunch of metal strips . 
 shaping the brackets involved a hammer and ... well that 's it , actually . 
 making an `` l '' does n't take a lot of precision . 
 i needed holes where the bolts would pass through . 
 fortunately , my pathfinder-murdering drill made short work of that task . 
 attaching the brackets to the undercarriages of the rover and trailer was easy . 
 the undercarriages come right off . 
 i bolted the brackets in place and returned the undercarriages where they belonged . 
 important note - an undercarriage is not part of the pressure vessel . 
 the holes i drilled wo n't let my air out . 
 i tested the brackets by hitting them with rocks . 
 this kind of sophistication is what we interplanetary scientists are known for . 
 after convincing myself the brackets would n't break at the first sign of use , i tested the new arrangement . 
 two stacks of seven solar cells on the rover ; another seven on the trailer , then two per shelf . 
 they all fit . 
 after lashing the cells in place , i took a little drive . 
 i did some basic acceleration and deceleration , turned in increasingly tight circles , and even did a power-stop . 
 the cells did n't budge . 
 28 solar cells , baby ! 
 and room for one extra ! 
 after some well-earned fist-pumping , i unloaded the cells and dragged them back to the farm . 
 no chicago morning for me tomorrow . 
 log entry : sol 211 i am smiling a great smile . 
 the smile of a man who fucked with his car and did n't break it . 
 this is considerably more rare than you might think . 
 i spent today removing unnecessary crap from the rover and trailer . 
 i was pretty damn aggressive about it , too . 
 space inside the pressure vessels is premium . 
 the more crap i clear out of the rover , the more space there is for me . 
 the more crap i clear out of the trailer , the more supplies i can store in it , and the less i have to store in the rover . 
 first off : each vehicle had a bench for passengers . 
 bye ! 
 next : there 's no reason for the trailer to have life support . 
 the oxygen tanks , nitrogen tanks , co2 filter assembly ... all unnecessary . 
 it 'll be sharing air with the rover -lrb- which has its own copy of each of those -rrb- and it 'll be carrying the regulator and oxygenator . 
 between the hab components it 'll be carrying and the rover , there 'll be two redundant life support systems . 
 that 's plenty . 
 then i yanked the driver 's seat and control panel out of the trailer . 
 the link-up with the rover is physical . 
 the trailer does n't do anything but get dragged along and fed air . 
 it does n't need controls or brains . 
 however , i did salvage its computer . 
 it 's small and light , so i 'll bring it with me . 
 if something goes wrong with the rover 's computer en-route , i 'll have a spare . 
 the trailer had tons more space now . 
 it was time for experimentation . 
 the hab has twelve 9kwh batteries . 
 they 're bulky and awkward . 
 over two meters tall , a half-meter wide , and 3/4 meter thick . 
 making them bigger makes them take less mass per kwh of storage . 
 yeah , it 's counter-intuitive . 
 but once nasa figured out they could increase volume to decrease mass they were all over it . 
 mass is the expensive part about sending shit to mars . 
 i detached two of them . 
 the hab mostly uses the batteries at night . 
 as long as i return them before the end of the day , things should be fine . 
 with both of the trailer 's airlock doors open i was able to get the first battery in . 
 after playing real-life tetris for a while i found a way to get the first battery out of the way enough to let the second battery in . 
 together , they eat up the whole front half of the trailer . 
 if i had n't cleared the useless shit out earlier today , i 'd never have gotten them both in . 
 the trailer 's battery is in the undercarriage , but the main power line runs through the pressure vessel . 
 i was able to wire the hab batteries directly in . 
 -lrb- no small feat in the damn eva suit -rrb- . 
 a system check from the rover showed i had done the wiring correctly . 
 this may all seem minor , but it 's awesome . 
 it means i can have 29 solar cells and 36kwh of storage . 
 i 'll be able to do my 100km per day after all . 
 4 days out of 5 , anyway . 
 according to my calender , the hermes resupply probe is being launched from china in two days -lrb- if there were no delays -rrb- . 
 if that screws up , the whole crew will be in deep shit . 
 i 'm more nervous about that than anything else . 
 i 've been in mortal danger for months ; i 'm kind of used to it now . 
 but now i 'm nervous again . 
 dying would suck , but my crewmates dying would be way worse . 
 and i wo n't find out how the launch went till i get to schiaparelli . 
 good luck , guys . 
 chapter 19 `` hey , melissa ... '' said robert . 
 `` am i getting through ? 
 can you see me ? '' 
 `` loud and clear , babe , '' said commander lewis . 
 `` the video link is solid . '' 
 `` they say i have 5 minutes , '' robert said . 
 `` better than nothing , '' lewis said . 
 floating in her quarters , she gently touched the bulkhead to stop drifting . 
 `` it 's nice to see you in real-time for a change . '' 
 `` yeah , '' robert smiled . 
 `` i can hardly notice the delay . 
 i got ta say , i wish you were coming home . '' 
 lewis sighed , `` me too , babe . '' 
 `` do n't get me wrong , '' robert quickly added , `` i understand why you 're doing all this . 
 still , from a selfish point of view , i miss my wife . 
 hey , are you floating ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 the ship is n't spinning right now . 
 no centripetal gravity . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because we 're docking with the taiyang shen in a few days . 
 we ca n't spin while we dock with things . '' 
 `` i see , '' said robert . 
 `` so how are things up on the ship ? 
 anyone giving you shit ? '' 
 `` no , '' lewis shook her head . 
 `` they 're a good crew ; i 'm lucky to have them . '' 
 `` oh hey ! '' 
 robert said . 
 `` i found a great addition to our collection ! '' 
 `` oh ? 
 what 'd you get ? '' 
 `` an original production 8-track of abba 's greatest hits . 
 still in the original packaging . '' 
 lewis widened her eyes . 
 `` seriously ? 
 a 1973 or one of the reprints ? '' 
 `` 1973 all the way . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 good find ! '' 
 `` i know , right !? '' 
 with a final shudder , the jetliner came to a stop at the gate . 
 `` oh gods , '' said venkat , massaging his neck . 
 `` that was the longest flight i 've ever been on . '' 
 `` mm , '' said teddy , rubbing his eyes . 
 `` at least we do n't have to go to jiuquan till tomorrow , '' venkat moaned . 
 `` 14and a half hours of flying is enough for one day . '' 
 `` do n't get too comfortable , '' teddy said . 
 `` we still have to go through customs and we 'll probably have to fill out a bunch of forms because we 're u.s. government officials ... it 's gon na be hours before we sleep . '' 
 `` craaaap . '' 
 gathering their carry-on luggage , they trudged off the plane with the rest of the weary travellers . 
 beijing capital international airport 's terminal 3 echoed with the cacophony common to huge air terminals . 
 venkat and teddy continued forward as the chinese citizens from their flight split off to go to a simpler point-of-entry process . 
 as venkat took his place in line , teddy filed in behind him and scanned the terminal for a convenience store . 
 any form of caffeine would be welcome . 
 `` excuse me , gentlemen , '' came a voice from beside them . 
 they turned to see a young chinese man wearing casual attire . 
 `` my name is su bin bao , '' he said in perfect english . 
 `` i am an employee of the china national space administration . 
 i will be your guide and translator during your stay in the people 's republic of china . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , mr. su , '' teddy said . 
 `` i 'm teddy sanders , and this is dr. venkat kapoor . '' 
 `` we need sleep , '' venkat said immediately . 
 `` just as soon as we get through customs , please take us to a hotel to sleep . '' 
 `` i can do better than that , dr. kapoor , '' su smiled . 
 `` you are official guests of the people 's republic of china . 
 you have been pre-authorized to bypass customs . 
 i can take you to your hotel immediately . '' 
 `` i love you , '' venkat said . 
 `` tell the people 's republic of china we said thanks , '' teddy added . 
 `` i 'll pass that along , '' su bin smiled . 
 `` helena , my love , '' vogel said to his wife . 
 `` i trust you are well ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 but i do miss you . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` ca n't be helped , '' she shrugged . 
 `` how are our monkeys ? '' 
 `` the children are fine , '' she smiled . 
 `` eliza is adjusting to life in junior high , and victor is goalkeeper for his high school 's team . '' 
 `` excellent ! '' 
 vogel said . 
 `` i hear you are at mission control . 
 was nasa unable to pipe the signal to bremen ? '' 
 `` they could have , '' she said . 
 `` but it was easier for them to bring me to houston . 
 a free vacation to the united states . 
 who am i to turn that down ? '' 
 `` well played . 
 and how is my mother ? '' 
 `` as well as can be expected , '' helena said . 
 `` she has her good days and bad days . 
 my last few visits , she did n't recognize me . 
 in a way , it 's a blessing . 
 she does n't have to worry about you like i do . '' 
 `` she has n't worsened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , she 's about the same as when you left . 
 the doctors are sure she 'll still be here when you return . '' 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 `` i was worried i 'd seen her for the last time . '' 
 `` alex , '' helena said , `` will you be safe ? '' 
 `` as safe as we can be , '' he said . 
 `` the ship is in perfect condition , and after receiving the taiyang shen , we will have all the supplies we need for the remainder of the journey . '' 
 `` be careful , '' she said . 
 `` i will , my love , '' vogel promised . 
 `` welcome to jiuquan , '' guo ming said . 
 `` i hope your flight was smooth ? '' 
 su bin translated guo ming 's words as teddy took the second-best seat in the observation room . 
 `` yes , thank you , '' teddy said . 
 `` the hospitality of your people has been wonderful . 
 the private jet you arranged to bring us here was a nice touch . '' 
 `` my people have enjoyed working with your advance team , '' guo ming said . 
 `` the last month has been very interesting . 
 attaching an american probe to a chinese booster . 
 i believe this is the first time it 's ever been done . '' 
 `` it just goes to show , '' teddy said . 
 `` love of science is universal across all cultures . '' 
 guo ming nodded . 
 `` my people have especially commented on the work ethic of your man mitch henderson . 
 he is very dedicated . '' 
 `` he 's a pain in the ass , '' teddy said . 
 su bin paused before translating , but pressed on . 
 guo ming laughed . 
 `` you can say that , '' he said . 
 `` i can not . '' 
 `` so explain it again , '' beck 's sister amy said . 
 `` why do you have to do an eva ? '' 
 `` i probably do n't , '' beck explained . 
 `` i just need to be ready to . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` in case the probe ca n't dock with us . 
 if something goes wrong , it 'll be my job to go out and grab it . '' 
 `` ca n't you just move hermes to dock with it ? '' 
 `` no way , '' beck said . 
 `` hermes is huge . 
 it 's not made for fine maneuvering control . '' 
 `` why does it have to be you ? '' 
 `` cause i 'm the eva specialist . '' 
 `` but i thought you were the doctor . '' 
 `` i am , '' beck said . 
 `` everyone has multiple roles . 
 i 'm the doctor , the biologist , and the eva specialist . 
 commander lewis is our geologist . 
 johanssen is the sysop and reactor tech . 
 and so on . '' 
 `` how about that good looking guy ... martinez ? '' 
 amy asked . 
 `` what does he do ? '' 
 `` he pilots the mdv and mav . '' 
 beck said . 
 `` he 's also married with a kid , you lecherous homewrecker . '' 
 `` ah well . 
 how about watney ? 
 what did he do ? '' 
 `` he 's our botanist and engineer . 
 and do n't talk about him in the past tense . '' 
 `` engineer ? 
 like scotty ? '' 
 `` kind of , '' beck said . 
 `` he fixes stuff . '' 
 `` i bet that 's coming in handy now . '' 
 `` yeah , no shit . '' 
 `` they 're a weird bunch , these chinese nerds , '' mitch said . 
 `` but they make a good booster . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 venkat said . 
 `` how 's the linkage between the booster and our probe ? '' 
 `` it all checks out , '' mitch said . 
 `` jpl followed the specs perfectly . 
 it fits like a glove . '' 
 `` any concerns or reservations ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm concerned about what i ate last night . 
 i think it had an eyeball in it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure there was n't an eyeball . '' 
 `` the engineers here made it for me special , '' mitch said . 
 `` there may have been an eyeball , '' venkat said . 
 `` they hate you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` cause you 're a dick , mitch , '' venkat said . 
 `` a total dick . 
 to everyone . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 so long as the probe gets to hermes , they can burn me in fucking effigy for all i care . '' 
 `` wave to daddy ! '' 
 marissa said , waving david 's hand at the camera . 
 `` wave to daddy ! '' 
 `` he 's too young to know what 's going on , '' martinez said . 
 `` just think of the playground cred he 'll have later in life , '' she said . '' 
 ` my dad went to mars . 
 what 's your dad do ? ' '' 
 `` yes , i 'm pretty awesome , '' he agreed . 
 marissa continued to wave david 's hand at the camera . 
 david was more interested in his other hand , which was actively engaged in picking his nose . 
 `` so , '' martinez said . 
 `` you 're pissed . '' 
 `` you can tell ? '' 
 marissa asked . 
 `` i tried to hide it . '' 
 `` we 've been together since we were 15 . 
 i know when you 're pissed . '' 
 `` you volunteered to extend the mission 533 days , '' she said . 
 `` asshole . '' 
 `` yeah , '' martinez said . 
 `` i figured that 'd be the reason . '' 
 `` your son will be in kindergarten when you get back . 
 he wo n't have any memories of you . '' 
 `` i know , '' martinez said . 
 `` i have to wait another 533 days to get laid ! '' 
 `` so do i , '' he said defensively . 
 `` i have to worry about you that whole time , '' she added . 
 `` yeah , '' he said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` we 'll get past it . '' 
 `` we 'll get past it , '' he agreed . 
 `` welcome to cnn 's mark watney report . 
 today we have the director of mars operations venkat kapoor . 
 he 's speaking to us live via satellite from china . 
 dr. kapoor , thank you for joining us . '' 
 `` happy to do it , '' venkat said . 
 `` so dr. kapoor , tell us about the taiyang shen . 
 why go to china to launch a probe ? 
 why not launch it from the us ? '' 
 `` hermes is n't going to orbit earth , '' venkat said . 
 `` it 's just passing by on its way to mars . 
 and its velocity is huge . 
 we need a booster capable of not only escaping earth 's gravity , but matching hermes 's current velocity . 
 only the taiyang shen has enough power to do that . '' 
 `` tell us about the probe itself . '' 
 `` it was a rush job , '' venkat said . 
 `` jpl only had 30 days to put it together . 
 they had to be as safe and efficient as they could . 
 it 's basically a shell full of food and other supplies . 
 it has a standard satellite thruster package for maneuvering , but that 's it . '' 
 `` and that 's enough to fly to hermes ? '' 
 `` the taiyang shen will send it to hermes . 
 the thrusters are for fine control and docking . 
 and jpl did n't have time to make a guidance system . 
 so it 'll be remote-controlled by a human pilot . '' 
 `` who will be controlling it ? '' 
 cathy asked . 
 `` the ares 3 pilot , major rick martinez . 
 as the probe approaches hermes , he 'll take over and guide it to the docking port . '' 
 `` and what if there 's a problem ? '' 
 `` hermes will have their eva specialist , dr. chris beck , suited up and ready the whole time . 
 if necessary he will literally grab the probe with his hands and drag it to the docking port . '' 
 `` sounds kind of unscientific , '' cathy laughed . 
 `` you want unscientific ? '' 
 venkat smiled . 
 `` if the probe ca n't attach to the docking port for some reason , beck will open the probe and carry its contents to the airlock . '' 
 `` like bringing in the groceries ? '' 
 cathy asked . 
 `` exactly like that , '' venkat said . 
 `` and we estimate it would take 4 trips back and forth . 
 but that 's all an edge case . 
 we do n't anticipate any problems with the docking process . '' 
 `` sounds like you 're covering all your bases , '' cathy smiled . 
 `` we have to , '' venkat said . 
 `` if they do n't get those supplies ... well , they need those supplies . '' 
 `` thanks for taking the time to answer our questions , '' cathy said . 
 `` always a pleasure , cathy . '' 
 he fidgeted in the chair , unsure what to say . 
 after a moment , he pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and mopped sweat from his balding head . 
 `` what if the probe does n't get to you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` try not to think about that , '' johanssen said . 
 `` your mother is so worried she could n't even come . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' johanssen mumbled , looking down . 
 `` she ca n't eat , she ca n't sleep , she feels sick all the time . 
 i 'm not much better . 
 how can they make you do this ? '' 
 `` they 're not ` making ' me do it , dad . 
 i volunteered . '' 
 `` why would you do that to your mother ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` sorry , '' johanssen mumbled . 
 `` watney 's my crewmate . 
 i ca n't just let him die . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i wish we 'd raised you to be more selfish . '' 
 she chuckled quietly . 
 `` how did i end up in this situation ? '' 
 he lamented . 
 `` i 'm the district sales manager of a napkin factory . 
 why is my daughter in space ? '' 
 johanssen shrugged . 
 `` you were always scientifically minded , '' he said . 
 `` it was great ! 
 straight-a student . 
 hanging around nerdy guys too scared to try anything . 
 no wild side at all . 
 you 're every father 's dream daughter . '' 
 `` thanks , dad , i - '' `` but then you got on a giant bomb that blasted you to mars . 
 and i mean that literally . '' 
 `` technically , '' she corrected , `` the booster only took me in to orbit . 
 it was the nuclear powered ion engine that took me to mars . '' 
 `` oh , much better ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` dad , i 'll be all right . 
 tell mom i 'll be all right . '' 
 `` what good will that do ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` she 's going to be tied up in knots until you 're back home . '' 
 `` i know , '' johanssen mumbled . 
 `` but ... '' `` what ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` i wo n't die . 
 i really wo n't . 
 even if everything goes wrong . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 johanssen furrowed her brow . 
 `` just tell mom i wo n't die . '' 
 `` how ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` i do n't want to get in to the how , '' johanssen said . 
 `` look , '' he said , leaning toward the camera . 
 `` i 've always respected your privacy and independence . 
 i never tried to pry in to your life , never tried to control you . 
 i 've been really good about that , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' she said . 
 `` so in exchange for a lifetime of staying out of your business , let me nose in just this once . 
 what are you not telling me ? '' 
 she fell silent for several seconds . 
 finally , she said `` they have a plan . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` there 's always have a plan , '' she said . 
 `` they work out everything in advance . '' 
 `` what plan ? '' 
 `` they picked me to survive . 
 i 'm youngest . 
 i have the skills necessary to get home alive . 
 and i 'm the smallest and need the least food . '' 
 `` what happens if the probe fails , beth , '' her father asked . 
 this time , he was uncharacteristically firm . 
 `` everyone would die but me , '' she said . 
 `` they 'd all take pills and die . 
 they 'll do it right away so they do n't use up any food . 
 commander lewis picked me to be the survivor . 
 she told me about it yesterday . 
 i do n't think nasa knows about it . '' 
 `` and the supplies would last until you got back to earth ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` we have enough food left to feed six people for a month . 
 if i was the only one , it would last 6 months . 
 with a reduced diet i could stretch it to 9 . 
 but it 'll be 17 months before i get back . '' 
 `` so how would you survive ? '' 
 `` the supplies would n't be the only source of food . '' 
 she said . 
 he widened his eyes . 
 `` oh ... oh my god ... '' `` just tell mom the supplies would last , ok ? '' 
 taiyang shen 's con-trail wafted in the chilly gobi sky . 
 the ship , no longer visible to the naked eye , pressed onward toward orbit . 
 its deafening roar dwindled to a distant rumbling thunder . 
 `` perfect launch , '' venkat said enthusiastically . 
 `` of course , '' said zhu tao . 
 `` you guys really came through for us , '' venkat said . 
 `` and we 're grateful ! '' 
 `` naturally . '' 
 `` and hey , you guys get a seat on ares 5 . 
 everyone wins . '' 
 `` mmm . '' 
 venkat looked at zhu tao sideways . 
 `` you do n't seem too happy . '' 
 `` i spent 4 years working on taiyang shen , '' he said . 
 `` so did countless other researchers , scientists , and engineers . 
 everyone poured their souls in to construction while i waged a constant political battle to maintain funding . 
 `` in the end , we built a beautiful probe . 
 the largest , sturdiest unmanned probe in history . 
 and now it 's sitting in a warehouse . 
 it 'll never fly . 
 the state council wo n't fund another booster like that . '' 
 he turned to venkat . 
 `` it could have been a lasting legacy of scientific research . 
 now it 's a delivery run . 
 we 'll get a chinese astronaut on mars , but what science will he bring back that some other astronaut could n't have ? 
 this operation is a net loss for mankind 's knowledge . '' 
 `` well , '' venkat said cautiously , `` it 's a net gain for mark watney . '' 
 `` mmm , '' zhu tao said . 
 `` distance 61m , velocity 2.3 m/s , '' johanssen said . 
 `` no problem , '' martinez said , his eyes glued to his screens . 
 one showed the camera feed from docking port a , the other a constant feed of the probe 's telemetry . 
 lewis floated behind johanssen and martinez 's stations . 
 `` visual contact , '' beck 's voice came over the radio . 
 he stood in airlock 3 -lrb- via magnetic boots -rrb- , fully suited up with the outer door open . 
 the bulky safer unit on his back would allow him free motion in space should the need arise . 
 an attached tether led to a spool on the wall . 
 `` vogel , '' lewis said in to her headset . 
 `` you in position ? '' 
 vogel stood in the still-pressurized airlock 2 , suited up save his helmet . 
 `` ja , in position and ready , '' he replied . 
 he was the emergency eva if beck needed rescue . 
 `` all right , martinez , '' lewis said . 
 `` bring it in . '' 
 `` aye , commander . '' 
 `` distance 43m , velocity 2.3 m/s . '' 
 johanssen called out . 
 `` all stats nominal , '' martinez reported . 
 `` slight rotation in the probe , '' johanssen said . 
 `` relative rotational velocity is 0.05 rps . '' 
 `` anything under 0.3 is fine , '' martinez said . 
 `` the capture system can deal with it . '' 
 `` probe is well within manual recovery range , '' beck reported . 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` distance 22m , velocity 2.3 m/s . '' 
 johanssen said . 
 `` angle is good . '' 
 `` slowing her down a little , '' martinez said , sending instructions to the probe . 
 `` velocity 1.8 ... 1.3 ... '' johanssen reported . 
 `` 0.9 ... stable at 0.9 m/s . '' 
 `` range ? '' 
 martinez asked . 
 `` 12m , '' johanssen replied . 
 `` velocity steady at 0.9 m/s . '' 
 `` angle ? '' 
 `` angle is good . '' 
 `` then we 're in line for auto-capture , '' martinez said . 
 `` come to papa . '' 
 the probe drifted gently to the docking port . 
 its capture boom , a long metal triangle , entered the port 's funnel , scraping slightly along the edge . 
 the port pulled the boom in , aligning and orienting the probe automatically . 
 after several loud clanks echoed through the ship , the computer reported success . 
 `` docking complete , '' martinez said . 
 `` seal is tight , '' johanssen said . 
 `` beck , '' lewis said . 
 `` your services wo n't be needed . '' 
 `` roger that , commander , '' beck said . 
 `` closing airlock . '' 
 `` vogel , return to interior , '' she ordered . 
 `` copy , commander , '' he said . 
 `` airlock pressure to 100 % '' beck reported . 
 `` re-entering ship ... i 'm back in . '' 
 `` also inside , '' vogel said . 
 lewis pressed a button on her headset . 
 `` houst - er ... jiuquan , probe docking complete . 
 no complications . '' 
 `` glad to hear it , hermes , '' came mitch 's voice over the comm . 
 `` report status of all supplies once you get them aboard and inspected . '' 
 `` roger jiuquan , '' lewis said . 
 taking off her headset , she turned to martinez and johanssen . 
 `` unload the probe and stow the supplies . 
 i 'm going to help beck and vogel de-suit . '' 
 martinez and johanssen floated down the hall toward docking port a. `` so , '' he said , `` who would you have eaten first ? '' 
 she glared at him . 
 `` cause i think i 'd be tastiest , '' he continued , flexing his arm . 
 `` look at that . 
 good solid muscle there . '' 
 `` you 're not funny . '' 
 `` i 'm free range , you know . 
 corn-fed . '' 
 she shook her head and accelerated down the hall . 
 `` come on ! 
 i thought you liked mexican ! '' 
 `` not listening , '' she called back . 
 chapter 20 log entry : sol 376 i 'm finally done with the rover modifications ! 
 the hard part was figuring out how to maintain life support . 
 everything else was just hard work . 
 a lot of hard work . 
 i have n't been good at keeping the log up to date , so here 's a recap : first i had to finish drilling holes with the pathfinder-murderin ' drill . 
 then i chiseled out a billion little chunks between the holes . 
 ok , it was 749 but it felt like a billion . 
 then i had one big hole in the trailer . 
 i filed down the edges to keep them from being too sharp . 
 remember the pop-tents ? 
 i cut the bottom out of one and the remaining canvas was the right size and shape . 
 i used seal-strips to attach it to the inside of the trailer . 
 after pressurizing and sealing up leaks as i found them , i had a nice big balloon bulging out of the trailer . 
 the pressurized area is easily big enough to fit the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 the regulator has an external component imaginatively named the `` atmospheric regulator external component . '' 
 the regulator pumps air to the arec to let mars freeze it . 
 it does this along a tube that runs through a valve in the hab 's wall . 
 the return air comes back through another tube just like it . 
 getting the tubing through the balloon canvas was n't too hard . 
 i have several spare valve patches . 
 basically they 're 10x10cm patches of hab canvas with a valve in the middle . 
 why do i have these ? 
 consider what would happen on a normal mission if the regulator valve broke . 
 they 'd have to scrub the whole mission . 
 easier to send spares . 
 the arec is fairly small . 
 i made a shelf for it just under the solar panel shelves . 
 the tubing and shelf are ready for when i eventually move the arec over . 
 there 's still a lot to do . 
 i 'm not in any hurry ; i 've been taking it slow . 
 one 4-hour eva per day spent on work , the rest of the time to relax in the hab . 
 plus , i 'll take a day off every now and then , especially if my back hurts . 
 i ca n't afford to injure myself now . 
 i 'll try to be better about this log . 
 now that i might actually get rescued , people will probably read it . 
 i 'll be more diligent and log every day . 
 log entry : sol 380 i finished the heat reservoir . 
 remember my experiments with the rtg and having a hot bath ? 
 same principle , but i came up with an improvement : submerge the rtg . 
 no heat will be wasted that way . 
 i started with a large rigid sample container -lrb- or `` plastic box '' to people who do n't work at nasa -rrb- . 
 i ran a tube through the open top and down the inside wall . 
 then i coiled it in the bottom to make a spiral . 
 i glued it in place like that , and sealed the end . 
 using my smallest drill bit , i put dozens of little holes in the coil . 
 the idea is for the return air to pass through the water as a bunch of little bubbles . 
 the increased surface area will get the heat in to the air better . 
 then i got a medium flexible sample container -lrb- `` ziploc bag '' -rrb- and tried to seal the rtg in it . 
 but the rtg has an irregular shape , and i could n't get all the air out of the bag . 
 i ca n't allow any air in there . 
 instead of heat going to the water , some would get stored in the air , which could superheat and melt the bag . 
 i tried a bunch of times , but there was always an air pocket i could n't get out . 
 i was getting pretty frustrated until i remembered i have an airlock . 
 suiting up , i went to airlock 2 and depressurized to a full vacuum . 
 i plopped the rtg in the bag and closed it . 
 perfect vacuum seal . 
 next came some testing . 
 i put the bagged rtg at the bottom of the container and filled it with water . 
 it holds 20l , and the rtg quickly heated it . 
 it was gaining a degree per minute . 
 i let it go until it was a good 40c . 
 then i hooked up the regulator 's return air line to my contraption and watched the results . 
 it worked great ! 
 the air bubbled through , just like i 'd hoped . 
 even better , the bubbles agitated the water , which distributed the heat evenly . 
 i let it run for an hour , and the hab started to get cold . 
 the rtg 's heat ca n't keep up with the total loss from the hab 's impressive surface area . 
 not a problem . 
 i 've already established it 's plenty to keep the rover warm . 
 i reattached the return air line to the regulator and things got back to normal . 
 log entry : sol 381 i 've been thinking about laws on mars . 
 yeah , i know , it 's a stupid thing to think about , but i have a lot of free time . 
 there 's an international treaty saying no country can lay claim to anything that 's not on earth . 
 and by another treaty , if you 're not in any country 's territory , maritime law applies . 
 so mars is `` international waters . '' 
 nasa is an american non-military organization , and it owns the hab . 
 so while i 'm in the hab , american law applies . 
 as soon as i step outside , i 'm in international waters . 
 then when i get in the rover , i 'm back to american law . 
 here 's the cool part : i will eventually go to schiaparelli crater and commandeer the ares 4 lander . 
 nobody explicitly gave me permission to do this , and they ca n't until i 'm aboard ares 4 and operating the comm system . 
 after i board ares 4 , before talking to nasa , i will take control of a craft in international waters without permission . 
 that makes me a pirate ! 
 a space pirate ! 
 log entry : sol 383 you may be wondering what i do with my free time . 
 i spent a lot of it sitting around on my lazy ass watching tv . 
 but so do you , so do n't judge . 
 also , i plan my trip . 
 pathfinder was a cake run . 
 flat , level ground all the way . 
 the only problem was navigating . 
 but the trip to schiaparelli will mean going over massive elevation changes . 
 i have a rough satellite map of the whole planet . 
 it does n't have much detail , but i 'm lucky to have it at all . 
 nasa did n't expect me to wander 3200km from the hab . 
 acidalia planitia -lrb- where i am -rrb- has a relatively low elevation . 
 so does schiaparelli . 
 but between them it goes up and down by 10km . 
 there 's going to be a lot of dangerous driving . 
 things will be smooth while i 'm in acidalia , but that 's only the first 650km . 
 after that comes the crater-riddled terrain of arabia terra . 
 i do have one thing going for me . 
 and i swear it 's a gift form god . 
 for some geological reason , there 's a valley called mawrth vallis that 's perfectly placed . 
 millions of years ago it was a river . 
 now its valley that juts in to the brutal terrain of arabia almost directly toward sciaparelli . 
 it 's much gentler terrain than the rest of arabia terra , and the far end looks like a smooth ascent out of the valley . 
 between acidalia and mawrth vallis i 'll get 1350km of relatively easy terrain . 
 the other 1850km ... well that wo n't be so nice . 
 especially when i have to descend in to schiaparelli itself . 
 ugh . 
 anyway . 
 mawrth vallis . 
 awesome . 
 log entry : sol 385 the worst part of the pathfinder trip was being trapped in the rover . 
 i had to live in a cramped environment that was full of junk and reeked of body odor . 
 same as my college days . 
 rim shot ! 
 seriously though , it sucked . 
 it was 22 sols of abject misery . 
 i plan to leave for schiaparelli 100 sols before my rescue -lrb- or death -rrb- , and i swear to fucking god i 'll rip my own face off if i have to live in the rover for that long . 
 i need a place to stay where i can stand up and take a few steps without hitting things . 
 and no , being outside in a goddamn eva suit does n't count . 
 i need personal space , not 50kg of clothing . 
 so today , i started making a tent . 
 somewhere i can relax while the batteries recharge ; somewhere i can lay comfortably while sleeping . 
 i recently sacrificed one of my two pop tents to be the trailer balloon . 
 the other is in perfect shape . 
 even better , it has an attachment for the rover 's airlock . 
 before i made it a potato farm , its original purpose was a lifeboat for the rover . 
 i could attach the pop tent to either vehicle 's airlock . 
 i 'm going with the rover instead of the trailer . 
 the rover has the computer and controls . 
 if i need to know status of anything -lrb- like life support or how well the battery is charging -rrb- i 'll need access . 
 this way , i 'll be able to walk right in . 
 no eva . 
 also , while traveling , i 'll keep it folded up in the rover . 
 in an emergency , i can get to it fast . 
 the pop tent is the basis of my `` bedroom , '' but not the whole thing . 
 it 's not very big ; not much more space than the rover . 
 but it has the airlock attachment so it 's a great place to start . 
 my plan is to double the floor area and double the height . 
 that 'll give me a nice big space to relax in . 
 hab canvas is flexible . 
 when you fill it with pressure , it wants to become a sphere . 
 that 's not a useful shape . 
 so the hab and the pop-tents have special flooring material . 
 it unfolds as a bunch of little segments that wo n't open beyond 180 degrees so it remains flat . 
 the pop tent base is a hexagon . 
 i have another base left over from what is now the trailer balloon . 
 so when it 's done , my bedroom will be two adjacent hexes with walls around them and a crude ceiling . 
 it 's gon na take a lot of glue to make this happen . 
 log entry : sol 387 the pop tent is 1.2 m tall . 
 it 's not made for comfort . 
 it 's made for astronauts to cower in while their crewmates rescue them . 
 i want 2 meters . 
 i want to be able to stand ! 
 i do n't think that 's too much to ask . 
 on paper , it 's not hard to do . 
 i just need to cut canvas pieces to the right shapes , seal them together , then seal them to the existing canvas and flooring . 
 but that 's a lot of canvas . 
 i started this mission with 6 square meters and i 've used most of that up . 
 mostly on sealing the breach from when the hab blew up . 
 goddamn airlock 1 . 
 anyway , my bedroom will take 30 square meters of the stuff . 
 way the hell more than i have left . 
 fortunately , i have an alternate supply of hab canvas : the hab . 
 problem is -lrb- follow me closely here , the science is pretty complicated -rrb- if i cut a hole in the hab , the air wo n't stay inside anymore . 
 i 'll have to depressurize the hab , cut chunks out , and put it back together -lrb- smaller -rrb- . 
 i spent today figuring out the exact sizes and shapes of canvas i 'll need . 
 i needed to not fuck this up , so i triple-checked everything . 
 i even made a model out of paper . 
 the hab is a dome . 
 if i take canvas from near the floor , i can pull the remaining canvas down and re-seal it . 
 the hab will become a lopsided dome , but that should n't matter . 
 as long as it holds pressure . 
 i only need it to last another 62 sols . 
 i drew the shapes on the wall with a sharpie . 
 then i spent a long time re-measuring them and making sure , over and over , that they were right . 
 that was all i did today . 
 might not seem like much , but the math and design work took all day . 
 now it 's time for dinner . 
 i 've been eating potatoes for weeks . 
 theoretically , with my 3/4 ration plan , i should still be eating food packs . 
 but 3/4 ration is hard to maintain , so now i 'm eating potatoes . 
 i have enough to last till launch , so i wo n't starve . 
 but i 'm pretty damn sick of potatoes . 
 also , they have a lot of fiber , so ... let 's just say it 's good i 'm the only guy on this planet . 
 i saved 5 meal packs for special occasions . 
 i wrote their names on each one . 
 i get to eat `` departure '' the day i leave for schiaparelli . 
 i 'll eat `` half-way '' when i reach the 1600km mark , and `` arrival '' when i get there . 
 the fourth one is `` survived something that should have killed me '' because some fucking thing will happen , i just know it . 
 i do n't know what it 'll be , but it 'll happen . 
 the rover will break down or i 'll come down with fatal hemorrhoids or i 'll run in to hostile martians or some shit . 
 when i do -lrb- if i live -rrb- i get to eat that meal pack . 
 the fifth one is reserved for the day i launch . 
 it 's labeled `` last meal . '' 
 maybe that 's not such a good name . 
 log entry : sol 388 i started the day with a potato . 
 i washed it down with some martian coffee . 
 that 's my name for `` hot water with a caffeine pill dissolved in it . '' 
 i ran out of real coffee months ago . 
 my first order of business was a careful inventory of the hab . 
 i needed to root out anything that would have a problem with losing atmospheric pressure . 
 of course , everything in the hab had a crash course in depressurization a few months back . 
 but this time would be controlled and i might as well do it right . 
 the main thing is the water . 
 i lost 300l to sublimation when the hab blew up . 
 this time , that wo n't happen . 
 i drained the water reclaimer and sealed all the tanks . 
 the rest was just collecting knickknacks and dumping them in airlock 3 . 
 anything i could think of that does n't do well in a near-vacuum . 
 the three remaining laptops , all the pens , the vitamin bottles -lrb- probably not necessary but i 'm not taking chances -rrb- , medical supplies , etc. . 
 then i did a controlled shutdown of the hab . 
 the critical components are designed to survive a vacuum . 
 hab depress is one of the many scenarios nasa accounted for . 
 one system at a time , i cleanly shut them all down , ending with the main computer itself . 
 i suited up and depressurized the hab . 
 last time , the canvas collapsed and made a mess of everything . 
 that 's not supposed to happen . 
 the dome of the hab is mostly supported by air pressure , but there are flexible reenforcing poles across the inside to hold the canvas up . 
 it 's how the hab was assembled in the first place . 
 i watched as the canvas gently settled on to the poles . 
 to confirm the depress , i opened both doors of airlock 2 . 
 i left airlock 3 alone . 
 it maintained pressure for its cargo of random crap . 
 then i cut shit up ! 
 i 'm not a materials engineer ; my design for the bedroom is n't elegant . 
 it 's just a 2m perimeter and a ceiling . 
 no , it wo n't have right angles and corners -lrb- pressure vessels do n't like those -rrb- . 
 it 'll balloon out to a more round shape . 
 anyway , it means i only needed to cut two big-ass strips of canvas . 
 one for the walls and one for the ceiling . 
 after mangling the hab , i pulled the remaining canvas down to the flooring and re-sealed it . 
 ever set up a camping tent ? 
 from the inside ? 
 while wearing a suit of armor ? 
 it was a pain in the ass . 
 i repressurized to 1/20th of an atmosphere to see if it could hold pressure . 
 ha ha ha ! 
 of course it could n't ! 
 leaks galore . 
 time to find them . 
 on earth , tiny particles get attached to water or wear down to nothing . 
 on mars , they just hang around . 
 the top layer of sand is like talcum powder . 
 i went outside with a bag and scraped along the surface . 
 i got some normal sand , but plenty of powder too . 
 i had the hab maintain the 1/20th atmosphere , backfilling as air leaked out . 
 then i `` puffed '' the bag to get the smallest particles to float around . 
 they were quickly drawn to where the leaks were . 
 as i found each leak , i spot-sealed it with resin . 
 it took hours , but i finally got a good seal . 
 i 'll tell ya , the hab looks pretty `` ghetto '' now . 
 one whole side of it is lower than the rest . 
 i 'll have to hunch down when i 'm over there . 
 i pressurized to a full atmosphere and waited an hour . 
 no leaks . 
 it 's been a long , physically taxing day . 
 i 'm totally exhausted but i ca n't sleep . 
 every sound scares the shit out of me . 
 is that the hab popping ? 
 no ? 
 ok ... what was that !? 
 oh , nothing ? 
 ok ... it 's a terrible thing to have my life depend on my half-assed handiwork . 
 time to get a sleeping pill from the medical supplies . 
 log entry : sol 389 what the fuck is in those sleeping pills !? 
 it 's the middle of the day . 
 after two cups of martian coffee , i woke up a little . 
 i wo n't be taking another one of those pills . 
 it 's not like i have to go to work in the morning . 
 anyway , as you can tell from how not dead i am , the hab stayed sealed overnight . 
 the seal is solid . 
 ugly as hell , but solid . 
 today 's task was the bedroom . 
 assembling the bedroom was way easier than re-sealing the hab . 
 because this time , i did n't have to wear an eva suit . 
 i made the whole thing inside the hab . 
 why not ? 
 it 's just canvas . 
 i can roll it up and take it out an airlock when i 'm done . 
 first , i did some surgery on the remaining pop tent . 
 i needed to keep the rover-airlock connector and surrounding canvas . 
 the rest of the canvas had to go . 
 why hack off most of the canvas only to replace it with more canvas ? 
 seams . 
 nasa is good at making things . 
 i am not . 
 the dangerous part of this structure wo n't be the canvas . 
 it 'll be the seams . 
 and i get less total seam length by not trying to use the existing pop-tent canvas . 
 after hacking away most of the remaining tent , i seal-stripped the two pop-tent floors together . 
 then i sealed the new canvas pieces in to place . 
 it was so much easier without the eva suit on . 
 so much easier ! 
 then i had to test it . 
 again , i did it in the hab . 
 i brought an eva suit in to the tent with me and closed the mini-airlock door . 
 then i fired up the eva suit , leaving the helmet off . 
 i told it to bump the pressure up to 1.2 atm . 
 it took a little while to bring it up to par , and i had to disable some alarms on the suit . 
 -lrb- `` hey , i 'm pretty sure the helmet 's not on ! '' -rrb- . 
 it depleted most of the n2 tank , but was finally able to bring the pressure up . 
 then i sat around and waited . 
 i breathed , the suit regulated the air . 
 all was well . 
 i watched the suit readouts carefully to see if it had to replace any `` lost '' air . 
 after an hour with no noticeable change , i declared the first test a success . 
 i rolled up the whole thing -lrb- wadded up , really -rrb- and took it out to the rover . 
 you know , i suit up a lot these days . 
 i bet that 's another record i hold . 
 a typical martian astronaut does , what , 40 evas ? 
 i 've done several hundred . 
 once i brought the bedroom to the rover , i attached it to the airlock from the inside . 
 then i pulled the release to let it loose . 
 i was still wearing my eva suit , cause i 'm not an idiot . 
 it fired out and filled in three seconds . 
 the open airlock hatchway led directly to the bedroom , and it appeared to be holding pressure . 
 just like before , i let it sit for an hour . 
 and just like before , it worked great . 
 unlike the hab canvas resealing , i got this one right on the first try . 
 mostly because i did n't have to do it with a damn eva suit on . 
 originally i planned to let it sit overnight and check in the morning . 
 but i ran in to a problem : i ca n't get out if i do that . 
 the rover only has one airlock , and the bedroom was attached to it . 
 there was no way for me to get out without detaching the bedroom , and no way to attach and pressurize the bedroom without being inside the rover . 
 it 's a little scary . 
 the first time i test the thing overnight will be with me in it . 
 but that 'll be later . 
 i 've done enough today . 
 log entry : sol 390 i have to face facts . 
 i 'm done with the rover . 
 i do n't `` feel '' like i 'm done . 
 but it 's ready to go : food : 1,692 potatoes . 
 vitamin pills . 
 water : 620l . 
 shelter : rover , trailer , bedroom . 
 air : rover and trailer combined storage : 14l liquid o2 , 14l liquid n2 . 
 life support : oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 418 hours of use-and-discard co2 filters for emergencies . 
 power : 36kwh of storage . 
 carrying capacity for 29 solar cells . 
 heat : 1400w rtg . 
 homemade reservoir to heat regulator 's return air . 
 electric heater in rover as a backup . 
 disco : lifetime supply . 
 i 'm leaving here on sol 449 . 
 that gives me 59 sols to test everything and fix whatever is n't working right . 
 and decide what 's coming with me and what 's staying behind . 
 and plot a route to schiaparelli using a grainy satellite map . 
 and rack my brains trying to think of anything important i forgot . 
 since sol 6 all i 've wanted to do was get the hell out of here . 
 now the prospect of leaving the hab behind scares the shit out of me . 
 i need some encouragement . 
 i need to ask myself : `` what would an apollo astronaut do ? '' 
 he 'd drink 3 whiskey sours , bang his mistress , then fly to the moon . 
 and if he ever met a botanist like me he 'd dispense a wedgie on principle . 
 to hell with those guys . 
 i 'm a space pirate ! 
 chapter 21 log entry : sol 431 i 'm working out how to pack . 
 it 's harder than it sounds . 
 i have two pressure vessels : the rover and the trailer . 
 they 're connected by hoses , but they 're also not stupid . 
 if one loses pressure , the other will instantly seal off the shared lines . 
 there 's a grim logic to this : if the rover breaches i 'm dead . 
 no point in planning around that . 
 but if the trailer breaches , i 'll be fine . 
 that means i should put everything important in the rover . 
 if i 'm going to die , i may as well take all the delicate stuff with me . 
 everything that goes in the trailer has to be comfortable in near-vacuum and freezing temperatures . 
 not that i anticipate that , but you know . 
 plan for the worst . 
 there is n't much room to spare . 
 it 'll have two bulky hab batteries , the atmospheric regulator , the oxygenator and my home-made heat reservoir . 
 it would be more convenient to have the reservoir in the rover , but it has to be near the regulator 's return air feed . 
 it 'll be cramped , but there will be some empty spaces . 
 and i know just how to fill them : taters ! 
 nothing `` bad '' can happen to the potatoes . 
 they 're already dead . 
 i 've been storing them outside for months anyway . 
 also , they 're small and not delicate . 
 they probably wo n't all fit , so some will have to ride with me . 
 the rover will be pretty packed , too . 
 when i 'm driving , i 'll keep the bedroom folded up near the airlock , ready for emergency egress . 
 also , i 'll have the two functional eva suits in there with me and anything that might be needed for emergency repairs : tool kits , spare parts , my nearly depleted supply of sealant , the other rover 's main computer -lrb- just in case ! -rrb- 
 and all 620 glorious liters of water . 
 and a plastic box to to serve as a toilet . 
 one with a good lid . 
 `` how 's watney doing ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 mindy looked up from her computer with a start . 
 `` dr. kapoor ? '' 
 `` i hear you caught a pic of him during an eva ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' mindy said , typing on her keyboard . 
 `` i noticed things would always change around 9am local time . 
 people usually keep the same patterns so i figured he likes to start work around then . 
 i did some minor realignment to get seventeen pics between 9:00 and 9:10 . 
 he showed up in one of them . '' 
 `` good thinking . 
 can i see the pic ? '' 
 `` sure , '' she said . 
 she brought up the image on her screen . 
 venkat peered at the blurry image . 
 `` is this as good as it gets ? '' 
 `` well it is a photo taken from orbit , '' mindy said . 
 `` the nsa enhanced the image with the best software they have . '' 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 venkat stammered . 
 `` the nsa ? '' 
 `` yeah , they called and offered to help out . 
 same software they use for enhancing spy satellite imagery . '' 
 venkat shrugged . 
 `` it 's amazing how much red tape gets cut when everyone 's rooting for one man to survive . '' 
 he pointed to the screen . 
 `` what 's watney doing here ? '' 
 `` i think he 's loading something into the rover . '' 
 `` when was the last time he worked on the trailer ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` not for a while . 
 why does n't he write us notes more often ? '' 
 venkat shrugged . 
 `` he 's busy . 
 he works most of the daylight hours , and arranging rocks to spell a message takes time and energy . '' 
 `` so ... '' mindy said . 
 `` why 'd you come here in person ? 
 we could have done all this over email . '' 
 `` actually , i came to talk to you , '' he said . 
 `` there 's going to be a change in your responsibilities . 
 from now on , instead of managing the satellites around mars , your sole responsibility is watching mark watney . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mindy said . 
 `` what about course corrections and alignment ? '' 
 `` we 'll assign that to other people , '' venkat said . 
 `` from now on , your only focus is examining imagery of ares 3 . '' 
 `` that 's a demotion , '' mindy said . 
 `` i 'm an orbital engineer , and you 're turning me in to a glorified peeping tom . '' 
 `` it 's short-term , '' venkat said . 
 `` and we 'll make it up to you . 
 thing is , you 've been doing it for months and you 're an expert at identifying elements of ares 3 from satellite pics . 
 we do n't have anyone else who can do that . '' 
 `` why is this suddenly so important ? '' 
 `` he 's running out of time , '' venkat said . 
 `` we do n't know how far along he is on the rover modifications . 
 but we do know he 's on only got 16 sols to get them done . 
 we need to know exactly what he 's doing . 
 i 've got media outlets and senators asking for his status all the time . 
 the president even called me a couple of times . 
 `` but seeing his status does n't help , '' mindy said . 
 `` it 's not like we can do anything about it if he falls behind . 
 this is a pointless task . '' 
 `` how long have you worked for the government ? '' 
 venkat sighed . 
 log entry : sol 434 the time has come to test this shit out . 
 this presents a problem . 
 unlike my pathfinder trip , i have to take vital life support elements out of the hab . 
 when you take the atmospheric regulator and oxygenator out of the hab , you 're left with ... a tent . 
 a big round tent that ca n't support life . 
 it 's not as risky as it seems . 
 as always , the dangerous part about life support is managing carbon dioxide . 
 when the air gets to 1 % co2 , you start getting symptoms of poisoning . 
 so i need to keep it below that . 
 the hab 's internal volume is about 120,000 l. breathing normally , it would take me over two days to bring the co2 level up to 1 % -lrb- and i would n't even dent in the o2 level -rrb- . 
 so it 's safe to move the regulator and oxygenator over for a while . 
 both are way too big to fit through the trailer airlock . 
 lucky for me , they came to mars with `` some assembly required '' . 
 they were too big to send whole , so they 're easy to dismantle . 
 over several trips , i took all their chunks to the trailer . 
 i brought each chunk in through the airlock , one at a time . 
 it was a pain in the ass reassembling them inside , let me tell you . 
 there 's barely enough room for all the shit it 's got to hold . 
 there was n't much left for our intrepid hero . 
 then i got the arec . 
 it sat outside the hab like an ac unit might on earth . 
 in a way , that 's what it was . 
 i hauled it over to the trailer and lashed it to the shelf i 'd made for it . 
 then i hooked it up to the feed lines that led through the `` balloon '' to the inside of the trailer 's pressure vessel . 
 the regulator needs to send air to the arec then the return air needs to bubble through the heat reservoir . 
 and , it needs a pressure tank to dump the co2 it pulls from the air . 
 when gutting the trailer to make room , i left one tank in place for this . 
 it 's supposed to hold oxygen , but a tank 's a tank . 
 thank god all the air lines and valves are standardized across the mission . 
 that 's no mistake . 
 it 's a deliberate decision for maintenance purposes . 
 we could fix things in the field easier that way . 
 once everything assembled , i hooked them in to the trailer 's power and watched them power up . 
 i ran both through full diagnostics to confirm they were working correctly . 
 then i shut down the oxygenator . 
 remember , i 'll only use it one sol out of every 5 . 
 i moved to the rover , which means i had to do an annoying 10-meter eva . 
 from there i monitored the life support situation . 
 it 's worth noting that i ca n't monitor the actual support equipment from the rover -lrb- it 's all in the trailer -rrb- , but the rover can tell me all about the air . 
 oxygen , co2 , temperature , humidity , etc. . 
 everything seemed ok . 
 getting back in to the eva suit , i released a canister of co2 in to the rover 's air . 
 i watched the rover computer have a shit-fit when it saw the co2 spike to lethal levels . 
 then , over time , the levels dropped to normal . 
 the regulator was doing its job . 
 good boy ! 
 i left the equipment running when i returned to the hab . 
 it 'll be on its own all night and i 'll check it in the morning . 
 it 's not a true test , because i 'm not there to breathe up the oxygen and make co2 , but one step at a time . 
 log entry : sol 435 last night was weird . 
 i knew logically that nothing bad would happen in just one night , but it was a little unnerving to know i had no life support other than heaters . 
 my life depended on some math i did earlier . 
 if i dropped a sign or added two numbers wrong , i might never wake up . 
 but i did wake up , and the main computer showed the slight rise in co2 i had predicted . 
 looks like i live another sol . 
 `` live another sol '' would be an awesome name for a james bond movie . 
 i checked up on the rover . 
 everything was fine . 
 if i do n't drive it , a single charge of the batteries could keep the regulator going for over a month -lrb- with the heater off -rrb- . 
 it 's a pretty good safety margin to have . 
 if all hell breaks loose on my trip i 'll have time to fix things . 
 i 'd be limited by oxygen consumption rather than co2 removal , and i have plenty of oxygen . 
 i decided it was a good time to test the bedroom . 
 i got in the rover , and attached the bedroom to the outer airlock door from the inside . 
 like i mentioned before , this is the only way to do it . 
 then i turned it loose on an unsuspecting mars . 
 as intended , the pressure from the rover blasted the canvas outward and inflated it . 
 after that , chaos . 
 the sudden pressure popped the bedroom like a balloon . 
 it quickly deflated , leaving both itself and the rover devoid of air . 
 i was wearing my eva suit at the time ; i 'm not a fucking idiot . 
 so i get to ... live another sol ! 
 -lrb- starring mark watney as ... probably q. i 'm no james bond . -rrb- 
 i dragged the popped bedroom in to the hab and gave it a good going-over . 
 it failed at the seam where the wall met the ceiling . 
 makes sense . 
 it 's a right-angle in a pressure vessel . 
 physics hates that sort of thing . 
 first , i patched it up , then i cut strips of spare canvas to place over the seam . 
 now it has double-thickness and double sealing resin all around . 
 maybe that 'll be enough . 
 at this point , i 'm kind of guessing . 
 my amazing botany skills are n't much use for this . 
 i 'll test it again tomorrow . 
 log entry : sol 436 i 'm out of caffeine pills . 
 no more martian coffee for me . 
 so it took a little longer for me to wake up this morning , and i spent most of the day with a headache . 
 one nice thing about living in a multi-billion dollar mansion on mars : access to pure oxygen . 
 for some reason , a high concentration of o2 will kill most headaches . 
 do n't know why . 
 do n't care . 
 the important thing is i do n't have to suffer . 
 i tested out the bedroom again . 
 i used the same process as yesterday . 
 this time it held . 
 so is that good ? 
 i do n't know . 
 that 's the shitty part of failure analysis . 
 if the bedroom fails while i 'm sleeping in it , i 'll die . 
 how long will it last ? 
 hopefully , if it developed a leak , it 'd be slow enough that i could react . 
 but you never know . 
 after a few minutes standing around in my eva suit , i decided to make better use of my time . 
 i may not be able to leave while the bedroom is attached to the airlock , but i can go in to the rover and close the door . 
 once i did that , i took off the uncomfortable eva suit . 
 the bedroom was on the other side of the airlock door , still fully pressurized . 
 so i 'm still running my test , but i do n't have to wear the eva suit . 
 i wanted a good long test -lrb- i arbitrarily picked 8 hours -rrb- so i was trapped in the rover until then . 
 i spent my time planning the trip . 
 there was n't much to add to what i already knew . 
 i 'll bee-line to mawrth vallis , then follow it until it ends . 
 it 'll take me on a zig-zag route , but mostly toward schiaparelli . 
 after that comes arabia terra . 
 each crater represents two brutal elevation changes . 
 first down , then up . 
 i did my best to find the shortest path around them . 
 i 'm sure i 'll have to adjust the course when i 'm actually driving it . 
 no plan survives first contact with the enemy . 
 mitch took his seat in the conference room . 
 the usual gang was there : teddy , venkat , mitch , and annie . 
 but this time there was also mindy park as well as a man mitch had never seen before . 
 `` what 's up , venk ? '' 
 mitch asked . 
 `` why the sudden meeting ? '' 
 `` we 've got some developments , '' venkat said . 
 `` mindy , why do n't you bring them up to date . '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' mindy said . 
 `` looks like watney finished the balloon addition to the trailer . 
 it mostly uses the design we sent him . '' 
 `` any idea how stable it is ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` pretty stable , '' she said . 
 `` it 's been inflated for several days with no problems . 
 also he built some kind of ... room . '' 
 `` room ? '' 
 teddy asked . 
 `` it 's made of hab canvas , i think , '' mindy explained . 
 `` it attaches to the rover 's airlock . 
 i think he cut a section out of the hab to make it . 
 i do n't know what it 's for . '' 
 teddy turned to venkat . 
 `` why would he do that ? '' 
 `` we think it 's a workshop , '' venkat said . 
 `` there 'll be a lot of work to do on the mav once he gets to schiaparelli . 
 it 'll be easier without an eva suit . 
 he probably plans to do as much as he can in that room . '' 
 `` clever , '' teddy said . 
 `` watney 's a clever guy , '' mitch said . 
 `` how about getting life support in there ? '' 
 `` i think he 's done it , '' mindy said . 
 `` he moved the arec . '' 
 `` sorry , '' annie interrupted . 
 `` what 's an arec ? '' 
 `` it 's the external component of the atmospheric regulator , '' mindy said . 
 `` it sits outside the hab , so i know when it disappeared . 
 he probably mounted it on the rover . 
 there 's no other reason to move it so i 'm guessing he 's got life support online . '' 
 `` awesome , '' mitch said . 
 `` things are coming together . '' 
 `` do n't celebrate yet , mitch , '' venkat said . 
 `` this is randall carter , one of our martian meteorologists . 
 randall , tell them what you told me . '' 
 randall nodded . 
 `` thank you , dr. kapoor . '' 
 he turned his laptop around to show a map of mars . 
 `` over the past few weeks , a dust storm has been developing in arabia terra . 
 not a big deal in terms of magnitude . 
 it wo n't hinder his driving at all . '' 
 `` so what 's the problem ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` it 's a low-velocity dust storm , '' randall explained . 
 `` slow winds , but fast enough to pick up very small particles on the surface and whip them up in to thick clouds . 
 there are five or six of them every year . 
 the thing is , they last for months , they cover huge sections of the planet , and they make the atmosphere thick with dust . '' 
 `` i still do n't see the problem , '' annie said . 
 `` light , '' randall said . 
 `` the total sunlight reaching the surface is very low in the area of the storm . 
 right now , it 's 20 % of normal . 
 and watney 's rover is powered by solar panels . '' 
 `` shit , '' mitch said , rubbing his eyes . 
 `` and we ca n't warn him . '' 
 `` so he gets less power . '' 
 annie said . 
 `` ca n't he just recharge longer ? '' 
 `` the current plan already has him recharging all day long , '' venkat explained . 
 `` with 20 % of normal daylight , it 'll take five times as long to get the same energy . 
 it 'll turn his 45 sol trip in to 225 sols . 
 he 'll miss the hermes flyby . '' 
 `` ca n't hermes wait for him ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` it 's a flyby , '' venkat said . 
 `` hermes is n't going in to martian orbit . 
 if they did , they would n't be able to get back . 
 they need their velocity for the return trajectory . '' 
 after a few moments of silence , teddy said `` we 'll just have to hope he finds a way through . 
 we can track his progress and - '' `` no we ca n't , '' mindy interrupted . 
 `` we ca n't ? '' 
 teddy said . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` the satellites wo n't be able to see through the dust . 
 once he enters the affected area , we wo n't see anything until he comes out the other side . '' 
 `` well ... '' teddy said . 
 `` shit . '' 
 log entry : sol 439 before i risk my life with this contraption , i need to test it . 
 and not the little tests i 've been doing so far . 
 sure , i 've tested power generation , life support , the trailer bubble , and the bedroom . 
 but i need to test all aspects of it working together . 
 i 'm going to load it up for the long trip , and drive in circles . 
 i wo n't ever be more than 500 meters from the hab , so i 'll be fine if shit breaks . 
 i dedicated today to loading up the rover and trailer for the test . 
 i want the weight to match what it 'll be on the real trip . 
 plus if cargo is going to shift around or break things i want to know about it now . 
 i made one concession to common sense : i left most of my water supply in the hab . 
 i loaded 20 liters ; enough for the test but no more . 
 there are a lot of ways i could lose pressure in this mechanical abomination i 've created , and i do n't want all my water to boil off if that happens . 
 on the real trip , i 'm going to have 620l of water . 
 i made up the weight difference by loading 600kg of rocks in with my other supplies . 
 back on earth , universities and governments are willing to pay millions to get their hands on mars rocks . 
 i 'm using them as ballast . 
 i 'm doing one more little test tonight . 
 i made sure the batteries were good and full , then disconnected the rover and trailer from hab power . 
 i 'll be sleeping in the hab , but i left the rover 's life support on . 
 it 'll maintain the air overnight , and tomorrow i 'll see how much power it ate up . 
 i 've watched the power consumption while it 's attached to the hab and there were n't any surprises . 
 but this 'll be the true proof . 
 i call it the `` plugs-out test . '' 
 maybe that 's not the best name . 
 the crew of hermes gathered in the rec . 
 `` let 's get through status quickly , '' lewis said . 
 `` we 're all behind in our science assignments . 
 vogel , you first . '' 
 `` i repaired the bad cable on vasimr 4 , '' vogel reported . 
 `` it was our last thick gauge cable . 
 if another such problem occurs , we will have to braid lower gauge lines to carry the current . 
 also , the power output from the reactor is declining . '' 
 `` johanssen , '' lewis said . 
 `` what the deal with the reactor ? '' 
 `` i had to dial it back , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it 's the cooling vanes . 
 they are n't radiating heat as well as they used to . 
 they 're tarnishing . '' 
 `` how can that happen ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` they 're outside the craft . 
 there 's nothing for them to react with . '' 
 `` i think they picked up dust or small air leaks from hermes itself . 
 one way or another , they 're definitely tarnishing . 
 the tarnish is connecting the micro-lattice , and that reduces the surface area . 
 less surface area means less heat dissipation . 
 so i limited the reactor enough that we were n't getting positive heat . '' 
 `` any chance of repairing the cooling vanes ? '' 
 `` it 's on the microscopic scale , '' johanssen said . 
 `` we 'd need a lab . 
 usually they replace the veins after each mission . '' 
 `` will we be able to maintain engine power for the rest of the mission ? '' 
 `` yes , if the rate of tarnishing does n't increase . '' 
 `` all right , keep an eye on it . 
 beck , how 's life support ? '' 
 `` limping , '' beck said . 
 `` we 've been in space way longer than it was designed to handle . 
 there are a bunch of filters that would normally be replaced each mission . 
 i found a way to clean them with a chemical bath i made in the lab , but it eats away at the filters themselves . 
 we 're ok right now , but who knows what 'll break next ? '' 
 `` we knew this would happen , '' lewis said . 
 `` this ship is designed for a 396 day mission , and we need to make it last 898 . 
 we 've got all of nasa to help when things break . 
 we just need to stay on top of maintenance . 
 martinez , what 's the deal with your bunkroom ? '' 
 martinez furrowed his brow . 
 `` it 's still trying to cook me . 
 the climate control just is n't keeping up . 
 i think it 's the tubing in the walls that brings the coolant . 
 i ca n't get at them because they 're built in to the hull . 
 we can use the room for storage of non-temperature-sensitive cargo , but that 's about it . '' 
 `` where have you been sleeping ? '' 
 `` in airlock 2 . 
 it 's the only place i can be without people tripping over me . '' 
 `` no good , '' lewis said , shaking her head . 
 `` if one seal breaks , you die . '' 
 `` i ca n't think of anywhere else to sleep , '' he said . 
 `` the ship is pretty cramped , and if i sleep in a hallway i 'll be in people 's way . '' 
 `` ok , from now on , sleep in beck 's room . 
 beck can sleep with johanssen . '' 
 johanssen blushed and looked down awkwardly . 
 `` so ... '' beck said , `` you know about that ? '' 
 `` you thought i did n't ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` it 's a small ship . '' 
 `` you 're not mad ? '' 
 `` if it were a normal mission , i would be , '' lewis said . 
 `` but we 're way off-script now . 
 just keep it from interfering with your duties and i 'm happy . '' 
 `` million-mile-high club , '' martinez said . 
 `` nice ! '' 
 johanssen blushed deeper and buried her face in her hands . 
 log entry : sol 444 i 'm getting pretty good at this . 
 maybe when all this is over i could be a product-tester for mars rovers . 
 things went well . 
 i spent five sols driving in circles ; i averaged 93 km per sol . 
 that 's a little better than i 'd expected . 
 the terrain here is flat and smooth , so it 's pretty much a best-case scenario . 
 once i 'm going up hills and around boulders it wo n't be nearly that good . 
 the bedroom is awesome . 
 large , spacious , and comfortable . 
 on the first night , i ran in to a little problem with the temperature . 
 it was fucking cold . 
 the rover and trailer regulate their own temperatures just fine , but things were n't hot enough in the bedroom . 
 story of my life . 
 the rover has an electric heater that pushes air with a small fan . 
 i do n't use it for anything because the rtg provides all the heat i need . 
 i liberated the fan and wired it in to a power line near the airlock . 
 once it had power all i had to do was point it at the bedroom . 
 it 's a low-tech solution , but it worked . 
 there 's plenty of heat , thanks to the rtg . 
 i just needed to get it evenly spread out . 
 for once , entropy was on my side . 
 i fell in to a routine pretty quickly . 
 in fact , it was hauntingly familiar . 
 i did it for 22 miserable days on the pathfinder trip . 
 but this time , i had the bedroom and that makes all the difference . 
 instead of being cooped up in the rover , i have my own little hab . 
 the procedure is what you 'd expect . 
 after waking up , i have a potato for breakfast . 
 then , i deflate the bedroom from the inside . 
 it 's kind of tricky , but i worked out how . 
 first , i put on an eva suit . 
 then i close the inner airlock door , leaving the outer door -lrb- which the bedroom is attached to -rrb- open . 
 this isolates the bedroom , with me in it , from the rest of the rover . 
 then i tell the airlock to depressurize . 
 it thinks it 's just pumping the air out of a small area , but it 's actually deflating the whole bedroom . 
 once the pressure is gone , i pull the canvas in and fold it . 
 then i detach it from the outer hatch and close the outer door . 
 this is the most cramped part . 
 i have to share the airlock with the entire folded up bedroom while it repressurizes . 
 once i have pressure again , i open the inner door and more-or-less fall in to the rover . 
 then i stow the bedroom , and go back to the airlock for a normal egress to mars . 
 it 's a complicated process , but it detaches the bedroom without having to depressurize the rover cabin . 
 remember , the rover has all my stuff that does n't play well with vacuum . 
 the next step is to gather up the solar cells i 'd laid out the day before and stow them on the rover and trailer . 
 then i do a quick check on the trailer . 
 i go in through its airlock and basically take a quick look at all the equipment . 
 i do n't even take off my eva suit . 
 i just want to make sure nothing 's obviously wrong . 
 then , back to the rover . 
 once inside , i take off the eva suit and start driving . 
 i drive for almost 4 hours , and then i 'm out of power . 
 once i park , it 's back in to the eva suit for me , and out to mars again . 
 i lay the solar panels out and get the batteries charging . 
 then i set up the bedroom . 
 pretty much the reverse of the sequence i use to stow it . 
 ultimately it 's the airlock that inflates it . 
 in a way , the bedroom is just an extension of the airlock . 
 even though it 's possible , i do n't rapid-inflate the bedroom . 
 i did that to test it because i wanted to find where it 'll leak . 
 but it 's not a good idea . 
 rapid inflation puts a lot of shock and pressure on it . 
 it would eventually rupture . 
 i did n't enjoy that time the hab launched me like a cannonball . 
 i 'm not eager to repeat it . 
 once the bedroom is set up again , i can take off my eva suit and relax the rest of the day . 
 i mostly watch crappy 70 's tv . 
 i 'm indistinguishable from an unemployed guy for most of the day . 
 i followed that process for four sols , and then it was time for an `` air day '' . 
 an air day turns out to be pretty much the same as any other day , but without the 4 hour drive . 
 once i set up the solar panels , i fired up the oxygenator and let it work through the backlog of co2 the regulator had stored up . 
 once it was done , my test run was complete . 
 it converted all the co2 to oxygen , and used up the day 's power generation to do it . 
 the test was a success . 
 i 'll be ready on time . 
 log entry : sol 449 today 's the big day . 
 i 'm leaving for schiaparelli . 
 the rover and trailer are all packed . 
 they 've been mostly packed since the test run . 
 but now i even have the water aboard . 
 i spent the last several days running full diagnostics on everything . 
 the regulator , oxygenator , rtg , arec , batteries , rover life support -lrb- in case i need a backup -rrb- , solar cells , rover computer , airlocks , and everything else with a moving part or electronic component . 
 i even checked each of the motors . 
 eight in all , one for each wheel , four on the rover , four on the trailer . 
 the trailer 's motors wo n't be powered , but it 's nice to have backups . 
 it 's all good to go . 
 no problems that i can see . 
 the hab is a shell of its former self . 
 i 've robbed it of all critical components and a big chunk of its canvas . 
 i 've looted that poor hab for everything it could give me , and in return it 's kept me alive for a year and a half . 
 it 's like the giving tree . 
 i performed the final shutdown today . 
 the heaters , lighting , main computer , etc. . 
 all the components i did n't steal for the trip to schiaparelli . 
 i could have left them on . 
 it 's not like anyone would care . 
 but the original procedure for sol 31 -lrb- which was supposed to be the last day of the surface mission -rrb- was to completely shut down the hab and deflate it . 
 nasa did n't want a big tent full of combustible oxygen next to the mav when it launched , so they added the shutdown process to the mission . 
 i guess i did it as an homage to the mission ares 3 could have been . 
 a small piece of the sol 31 i never got to have . 
 once i shut everything down , an eerie silence was all that remained . 
 i 've spent 449 sols listening to the heaters , vents , and fans . 
 but now it was dead quiet . 
 it 's a creepy , eerie kind of quiet that 's hard to describe . 
 i 've been away from the hab before , but always in the rover or an eva suit . 
 there 's always some kind of machinery in operation . 
 but now there was nothing . 
 i never realized how utterly silent mars is . 
 it 's a desert world with practically no atmosphere to convey sound . 
 i could hear my own heartbeat . 
 anyway , enough waxing philosophical . 
 i 'm in the rover right now . 
 -lrb- that should be obvious , with the hab main computer offline forever . -rrb- 
 i 've got 2 full batteries , all systems are go and i 've got 45 sols of driving ahead of me . 
 schiaparelli or bust ! 
 chapter 22 log entry : sol 458 mawrth vallis ! 
 i 'm finally here ! 
 actually , it 's not an impressive accomplishment . 
 i 've only been traveling 10 sols . 
 but it 's a good psychological milestone . 
 so far , the rover and my ghetto life support are working admirably . 
 at least , as well as can be expected for equipment being used ten times longer than intended . 
 today is my second air day -lrb- the first was 5 sols ago -rrb- . 
 when i put this scheme together , i figured air days would be godawful boring . 
 but now i look forward to them . 
 they 're my days off . 
 on a normal day i get up , fold up the bedroom , stack the solar cells , drive four hours , set up the solar cells , unfurl the bedroom , check all my equipment -lrb- especially the rover chassis and wheels -rrb- , then make a morse code status report for nasa if i can find enough nearby rocks . 
 on an air day , i wake up and turn on the oxygenator . 
 the solar panels are already out from the day before . 
 everything 's ready to go . 
 then i chill out in the bedroom or rover . 
 i have the whole day to myself . 
 the bedroom gives me enough space that i do n't feel cooped up , and the computer has plenty of shitty tv reruns for me to enjoy . 
 technically , i entered mawrth vallis yesterday . 
 but i only knew that by looking at a map . 
 the entrance to the valley is wide enough that i could n't see the canyon walls in either direction . 
 but now i 'm definitely in a canyon . 
 and the bottom is nice and flat . 
 exactly what i was hoping for . 
 it 's amazing ; this valley was n't made by a river slowly carving it away . 
 it was made by a mega-flood in a single day . 
 it would have been a hell of a thing to see . 
 weird thought : i 'm not in acidalia planitia any more . 
 i spent 457 sols there , almost a year and a half , and i 'll never go back . 
 i wonder if i 'll be nostalgic about that later in life . 
 if there is a `` later in life , '' i 'll be happy to endure a little nostalgia in return . 
 but for now i just want to go home . 
 `` welcome back to cnn 's mark watney report , '' cathy said to the camera . 
 `` we 're speaking with our frequent guest , dr. venkat kapoor . 
 dr. kapoor , i guess what people want to know is : is mark watney doomed ? '' 
 `` we hope not , '' venkat responded . 
 `` but he 's got a real challenge ahead of him . '' 
 `` according to your latest satellite data , the dust storm in arabia terra is n't abating at all , and will block 80 % of the sunlight ? '' 
 `` that 's correct . '' 
 `` and can watney 's only source of energy is his solar panels , correct ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's right . '' 
 `` can his makeshift rover operate at 20 % power ? '' 
 `` we have n't found any way to make that happen , no . 
 his life support alone takes more energy than that . '' 
 `` how long until he enters the tau event . '' 
 `` he 's just entered mawrth vallis now . 
 at his current rate of travel , he 'll be at the edge of the tau event on sol 471 . 
 that 's 12 days from now . '' 
 `` surely he 'll see something is wrong , '' cathy said . 
 `` with such low visibility , it wo n't take long for him to realize his solar cells will have a problem . 
 could n't he just turn around at that point ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , everything 's working against him , '' venkat said . 
 `` the edge of the storm is n't a magic line . 
 it 's just an area where the dust gets a little more dense . 
 it 'll keep getting more and more dense as he travels onward . 
 it 'll be really subtle ; every day will be slightly darker than the last . 
 too subtle to notice . '' 
 venkat sighed . 
 `` he 'll go hundreds of kilometers , wondering why his solar panel efficiency is going down , before he 's notices any visibility problems . 
 and the storm is moving west as he moves east . 
 he 'll be too deep in to get out . '' 
 `` are we just watching a tragedy play out ? '' 
 cathy asked . 
 `` there 's always hope , '' venkat said . 
 `` maybe he 'll figure it out faster than we think and turn around in time . 
 maybe the storm will dissipate unexpectedly . 
 maybe he 'll find a way to keep his life support going on less energy than we thought was possible . 
 mark watney is now an expert at surviving on mars . 
 if anyone can do it , it 's him . '' 
 `` twelve days , '' cathy said to the camera . 
 `` all of earth is watching , but powerless to help . '' 
 log entry : sol 462 another uneventful sol . 
 tomorrow is an air day , so this is kind of my friday night . 
 i 'm about half-way through mawrth vallis now . 
 just as i 'd hoped , the going has been easy . 
 no major elevation changes . 
 hardly any obstacles . 
 just smooth sand with rocks smaller than half a meter . 
 you may be wondering how i navigate . 
 when i went to pathfinder , i watched phobos transit the sky to figure out the east-west axis . 
 but pathfinder was an easy trip compared to this , and i did it mostly with landmarks . 
 i ca n't get away with that this time . 
 my `` map '' -lrb- such as it is -rrb- consists of satellite images far too low-resolution to be of any use . 
 they just never expected me to be out this far . 
 the only reason i had high-res images of the pathfinder region is because they were included for landing purposes ; in case martinez had to land way long of our target . 
 so this time around , i needed a reliable way to fix my position on mars . 
 latitude and longitude . 
 that 's the key . 
 the first is easy . 
 ancient sailors on earth figured that one out right away . 
 earth 's 23.5 degree axis points at polaris . 
 mars has a tilt of just over 25 degrees , so it 's pointed at deneb . 
 making a sextant is n't hard . 
 all you need is a tube to look through , a string , a weight , and something with degree markings . 
 i made it in under an hour . 
 so i go out every night with a home-made sextant and sight deneb . 
 it 's kind of silly if you think about it . 
 i 'm in my space suit on mars and i 'm navigating with 16th century tools . 
 but hey , they work . 
 longitude is a different matter . 
 on earth , the earliest way to work out longitude required them to know the exact time , then compare it to the sun 's position in the sky . 
 the hard part for them back then was inventing a clock that would work on a boat -lrb- pendulums do n't work on boats -rrb- . 
 all the top scientific minds of the age worked on the problem . 
 fortunately , i have accurate clocks . 
 there are four computers in my immediate line of sight right now . 
 and i have phobos . 
 because phobos is ridiculously close to mars , it orbits the planet in less than one martian day . 
 so it travels west to east -lrb- unlike the sun and deimos -rrb- and sets every 11 hours . 
 and naturally , it moves in a very predictable pattern . 
 i spend 13 hours every sol just sitting around while the solar panels charge the batteries . 
 phobos is guaranteed to set at least once during that time . 
 i note the time when it does . 
 then i plug it in to a nasty formula i worked out and i know my longitude . 
 so , working out longitude requires phobos to set , and working out latitude requires it to be night so i can sight deneb . 
 it 's not a very fast system . 
 but i only need it once a day . 
 i work out my location when i 'm parked , and account for it in the next day 's travel . 
 it 's kind of a successive approximation thing . 
 so far , it 's been working . 
 mindy park zoomed in on the latest satellite photo with practiced ease . 
 watney 's encampment was visible in the center , the solar cells laid out in a circular pattern as was his habit . 
 the bedroom was inflated . 
 checking the timestamp on the image , it was from noon local time . 
 she quickly found the status report ; watney always placed it close to the rover when rocks were in abundance , usually to the north . 
 to save time , mindy had taught herself morse code so she would n't have to look each letter up every morning . 
 opening an email , she addressed it to the ever-growing list of people who wanted watney 's daily status message . 
 `` on track for sol 495 arrival . '' 
 she frowned and added `` note : 5 sols until tau event entry . '' 
 log entry : sol 466 mawrth vallis was fun while it lasted . 
 i 'm in arabia terra now . 
 i just entered the edge of it , if my latitude and longitude calculations are correct . 
 but even without the math , it 's pretty obvious the terrain is changing . 
 for the last two sols , i 've spent almost all my time on an incline , working my way up the back wall of mawrth vallis . 
 it was a gentle rise , but a constant one . 
 i 'm at a much higher altitude now . 
 adicalia planitia -lrb- where the lonely hab is hanging out -rrb- is 3000m below elevation zero , and arabia terra is 500m below . 
 so i 've gone up two and a half kilometers . 
 want to know what 's at elevation zero ? 
 on earth , it 's sea level . 
 obviously , that wo n't work on mars . 
 so lab-coated geeks got together and decided mars 's elevation zero is wherever the air pressure is 610.5 pascals . 
 that 's about 500 meters up from where i am right now . 
 now things get tricky . 
 in acidalia planitia , if i got off-course , i could just point in the right direction based on new data . 
 later , in mawrth vallis , it was impossible to fuck it up . 
 i just had to follow the canyon . 
 now i 'm in a rougher neighborhood . 
 the kind of neighborhood where you keep your rover doors locked , and never come to a complete stop at intersections . 
 well , not really , but it 's bad to get off-course here . 
 arabia terra has large , brutal craters that i have to drive around . 
 if i navigate poorly , i 'll end up at the edge of one . 
 i ca n't just drive down one side and up the other . 
 rising in elevation costs a ton of energy . 
 on flat ground , i can make 90km per day . 
 on a steep slope , i 'd be lucky to get 40km . 
 plus , driving on a slope is dangerous . 
 one mistake and i could roll the rover . 
 i do n't even want to think about that . 
 yes , i 'll eventually have to drive down in to schiaparelli . 
 no way around that . 
 i 'll have to be really careful . 
 anyway , if i end up at the edge of a crater i 'll have to backtrack to somewhere useful . 
 and it 's a damn maze of craters out here . 
 i 'll have to be on my guard ; observant at all times . 
 i 'll need to navigate with landmarks as well as latitude and longitude . 
 my first challenge is to pass between the craters rutherford and trouvelot . 
 it should n't be too hard . 
 they 're 100km apart . 
 even i ca n't fuck that up , right ? 
 right ? 
 log entry : sol 468 i managed to thread the needle between rutherford and trouvelot nicely . 
 admittedly , the needle was a 100km wide , but hey . 
 i 'm now enjoying my fourth air day of the trip . 
 i 've been on the road for 20 sols . 
 so far , i 'm right on schedule . 
 according to my maps , i 've traveled 1,440 km . 
 not quite halfway there , but almost . 
 i 've been gathering soil and rock samples from each place i camp . 
 i did the same thing on my way to pathfinder . 
 but this time , i know nasa 's watching me . 
 so i 'm labeling each sample by the current sol . 
 they 'll know my location a hell of a lot more accurately than i do . 
 they can correlate the samples with their locations later . 
 it might be a wasted effort . 
 the mav is n't going to have much weight allowance when i launch . 
 to intercept hermes , it 'll have to reach escape velocity , but it was only designed to get to orbit . 
 the only way to get it going fast enough is to lose a lot of weight . 
 at least that jury-rigging will be nasa 's job to work out , not mine . 
 once i get to the mav , i 'll be back in contact with them and they can tell me what modifications to make . 
 they 'll probably say `` thanks for gathering samples . 
 but leave them behind . 
 and one of your arms , too . 
 whichever one you like least . '' 
 but on the off-chance i can bring them , i 'm gathering them . 
 the next few days travel should be easy . 
 the next major obstacle is marth crater . 
 it 's right in my straight-line path toward schiaparelli . 
 it 'll cost me a hundred kilometers or so to go around , but it ca n't be helped . 
 i 'll try to aim for the southern edge . 
 the closer i get to the rim the less time i waste going around it . 
 `` did you read today 's updates ? '' 
 lewis asked , pulling her meal from the microwave . 
 `` yeah , '' martinez said , sipping his drink . 
 she sat across the rec table from him . 
 carefully opening the steaming package , she let it cool for a moment before eating . 
 `` mark entered the dust storm yesterday . '' 
 `` yeah , i saw that , '' he said . 
 `` we need to face the possibility that he wo n't make it to schiaparelli , '' lewis said . 
 `` if that happens , we need to keep morale up . 
 we still have a long way to go before we get home . '' 
 `` he was dead before , '' martinez said . 
 `` it was rough on morale , but we soldiered on . 
 besides , he wo n't die . '' 
 `` it 's pretty bleak , rick , '' lewis said . 
 `` he 's already 50km in to the storm , and he 'll go another 90km per sol . 
 he 'll get in too deep to recover soon . '' 
 martinez shook his head . 
 `` he 'll pull through , commander . 
 have faith . '' 
 she smiled forlornly . 
 `` rick , you know i 'm not religious . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not talking about faith in god , i 'm talking about faith in mark watney . 
 look at all the shit mars has thrown at him , and he 's still alive . 
 he 'll survive this . 
 i do n't know how , but he will . 
 he 's a clever son-of-a-bitch . '' 
 lewis took a bite of her food . 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 `` want to bet $ 100 ? '' 
 martinez said with a smile . 
 `` of course not , '' lewis said . 
 `` damn right , '' he smiled . 
 `` i 'd never bet on a crewmate dying , '' lewis said . 
 `` but that does n't mean i think he 'll - '' `` blah blah blah , '' martinez interrupted . 
 `` deep down , you think he 'll make it . '' 
 log entry : sol 473 my fifth air day , and things are going well . 
 i should be skimming south of marth crater tomorrow . 
 it 'll get easier after that . 
 i 'm in the middle of a bunch of craters that form a triangle . 
 i 'm calling it the watney triangle because after what i 've been through , shit on mars should be named after me . 
 trouvelot , becquerel , and marth form the points of the triangle , with 5 other major craters along the sides . 
 normally this would n't be a problem at all , but with my extremely rough navigation , i could easily end up at the lip of one of them and have to backtrack . 
 after marth , i 'll be out of the watney triangle -lrb- yeah , i 'm liking that name more and more -rrb- . 
 then i can beeline toward schiaparelli with impunity . 
 there 'll still be plenty of craters in the way , but they 're comparatively small and going around them wo n't cost much time . 
 progress has been great . 
 arabia terra is certainly rockier than acidalia planitia , but nowhere near as bad as i 'd feared . 
 i 've been able to drive over most of the rocks , and around the ones that are too big . 
 i have 1435km left to go . 
 ares 4 's mav is in the southwest part of schiaparelli . 
 the primary goal of ares 4 is to get a look at the long-term effects of martian weather on deep layers of strata exposed by the crater . 
 at least , that was the original plan . 
 i 'll be taking their mav and commander lewis has n't given hermes back , so we 've ruined everything . 
 they 'll probably just send another mav and wait for the next window . 
 i did some research on schiaparelli and found some good news . 
 the best way in is right in my direct-line path . 
 i wo n't have to drive the perimeter at all . 
 and the way in is easy to find , even when you suck at navigating . 
 the northwest rim has a smaller crater on it , and that 's the landmark i 'll be looking for . 
 to the southwest of that little crater is a gentle slope in to schiaparelli basin . 
 the little crater does n't have a name . 
 at least , not on the maps i have . 
 so i dub it `` entrance crater . '' 
 because i can . 
 in other news , my equipment is starting to show signs of age . 
 not surprising , considering it 's way the hell past its expiration date . 
 for the past two sols , the batteries have taken longer to recharge . 
 the solar cells just are n't producing as much wattage as before . 
 it 's not a big deal , i just need to charge a little longer . 
 log entry : sol 474 well , i fucked it up . 
 it was bound to happen eventually . 
 i navigated badly and ended up at the ridge of marth crater . 
 with it being 100km wide , i ca n't see the whole thing , so i do n't know where on the circle i am . 
 the ridge runs perpendicular to the direction i was going . 
 so i have no clue which way i should go . 
 and i do n't want to take the long way around if i can avoid it . 
 originally i wanted to go around to the south , but north is just as likely to be the best path now that i 'm off-course . 
 i 'll have to wait for another phobos transit to get my longitude , and i 'll need to wait for nightfall to sight deneb for my latitude . 
 so i 'm done driving for the day . 
 i 'd made 70km out of the 90km i usually do . 
 so it 's not too much wasted potential driving . 
 marth is n't too steep . 
 i could probably just drive down one side and up the other . 
 it 's big enough that i 'd end up camping inside it one night . 
 but i do n't want to take unnecessary risks . 
 slopes are bad and should be avoided . 
 i gave myself plenty of buffer time , so i 'm going to play it safe . 
 i 'm ending today 's drive early and setting up for recharge . 
 probably a good idea anyway with the solar cells acting up ; it 'll give them more time to work . 
 they underperformed again last night . 
 i checked all the connections and made sure there was n't any dust on them , but they still just are n't 100 % . 
 log entry : sol 475 i 'm in trouble . 
 i watched two phobos transits yesterday and sighted deneb last night . 
 i worked out my location as accurately as i could , and it was n't what i wanted to see . 
 as far as i can tell , i hit marth crater dead-on . 
 craaaaap . 
 this is the worst case scenario . 
 i can go north or south , and they 'll be about the same . 
 it 'll cost at least a day to correct . 
 all because i aimed wrong yesterday . 
 that 's frustrating , but it 's not why i 'm in trouble . 
 i still wanted to be efficient , and i was n't 100 % sure where i was . 
 so i took a little walk this morning . 
 it was over a kilometer to the peak of the rim . 
 that 's the sort of walk people do on earth without thinking twice , but in an eva suit it 's an ordeal . 
 i ca n't wait till i have grandchildren . 
 `` when i was younger , i had to walk to the rim of a crater . 
 uphill ! 
 in an eva suit ! 
 on mars , ya little shit ! 
 ya hear me ? 
 mars ! '' 
 anyway , i got up to the rim and damn , it 's a beautiful sight . 
 from my high vantage point , i got a stunning panorama . 
 i figured i might be able to see the far side of marth crater , and maybe work out if north or south was the best way around it . 
 but i could n't see the far side . 
 there was a haze in the air . 
 it 's not uncommon ; mars has weather and wind and dust , after all . 
 but it seemed hazier than it should . 
 i 'm accustomed to the wide-open expanses of acidalia planitia , my former prairie home . 
 then it got weirder . 
 i turned around and looked back toward the rover and trailer . 
 everything was where i 'd left it -lrb- very few car thieves on mars -rrb- . 
 but the view seemed a lot clearer . 
 i looked east across marth again . 
 then west to the horizon . 
 then east , then west . 
 each turn required me to rotate my whole body , eva suits being what they are . 
 yesterday , i passed a crater . 
 it 's about 50km west of here . 
 it 's just visible on the horizon . 
 but looking east , i ca n't see anywhere near that far . 
 marth crater is 110km wide . 
 with a visibility of 50km , i should at least be able to see a distinct curvature of the rim . 
 but i ca n't . 
 the fuck ? 
 at first , i did n't know what to make of it . 
 but the lack of symmetry bothered me . 
 and i 've learned to be suspicious of everything . 
 that 's when a bunch of stuff started to dawn on me : 1 -rrb- the only explanation for asymmetrical visibility is a dust storm . 
 2 -rrb- dust storms reduce the effectiveness of solar cells . 
 3 -rrb- my solar cells have been slowly losing effectiveness for several sols . 
 from this , i concluded the following : 1 -rrb- i 've been in a dust storm for several sols . 
 2 -rrb- shit . 
 not only am i in a dust storm , but it gets thicker as i approach schiaparelli . 
 a few hours ago , i was worried because i had to go around marth crater . 
 now i 'm going to have to go around something a fuckload bigger . 
 and i have to hustle . 
 dust storms move . 
 sitting still means i 'll likely get overwhelmed . 
 but which way do i go ? 
 it 's no longer an issue of trying to be efficient . 
 if i go the wrong way this time , i 'll eat dust and die . 
 i do n't have satellite imagery . 
 i have no way of knowing the size or shape of the storm , or its heading . 
 man , i 'd give anything for a 5-minute conversation with nasa . 
 now that i think of it , nasa must be shitting bricks watching this play out . 
 i 'm on the clock . 
 i have to figure out how to figure out what i need to know about the storm . 
 and i have to do it now . 
 and right this second nothing comes to mind . 
 mindy trudged to her computer . 
 today 's shift began at 2:10 pm . 
 her schedule matched watney 's every day . 
 she slept when he slept . 
 watney simply slept at night on mars , while mindy had to drift 40 minutes forward every day , taping aluminum foil to her windows to get any sleep at all . 
 she brought up the most recent satellite images . 
 she cocked an eyebrow . 
 he had not broken camp yet . 
 usually he drove in the early morning , as soon as it was light enough to navigate . 
 then he capitalized on the midday sun to maximize recharging . 
 but today , he had not moved , and it was well past morning . 
 she checked around the rovers and bedroom for a message . 
 she found it in the usual place -lrb- north of the campsite -rrb- . 
 reading the morse code , her eyes widened . 
 `` dust storm . 
 making plan . '' 
 fumbling with her cell phone , she dialed venkat 's personal number . 
 chapter 23 log entry : sol 476 i think i can work this out . 
 i 'm on the very edge of a storm . 
 i do n't know its size or heading . 
 but it 's moving , and that 's something i can take advantage of . 
 i do n't have to wander around exploring it . 
 it 'll come to me . 
 the storm is just dust in the air ; it 's not dangerous to the rovers . 
 i can think of it as `` percent power loss . '' 
 i checked yesterdays power generation and it was 97 % of optimal . 
 so right now , it 's a 3 % storm . 
 i need to make progress and i need to regenerate oxygen . 
 those are my two main goals . 
 i use 20 % of my overall power to reclaim oxygen -lrb- when i stop for air days -rrb- . 
 if i end up in an 81 % part of the storm , i 'll be in real trouble . 
 i 'll run out of oxygen even if i dedicate all available power to it . 
 that 's the fatal scenario . 
 but really , it 's fatal much earlier than that . 
 i need power to move or i 'll be stranded until the storm passes or dissipates . 
 that could be months . 
 the more power i generate , the more i 'll have for movement . 
 with clear skies , i dedicate 80 % of my total power toward movement . 
 i get 90km per sol this way . 
 so right now , at 3 % loss , i 'm getting 3.3 km less than i should . 
 it 's ok to lose some driving distance per sol . 
 i have plenty of time , but i ca n't let myself get too deep in the storm or i 'll never be able to get out . 
 at the very least , i need to travel faster than the storm . 
 if i can go faster , i can maneuver around it without being enveloped . 
 i need to find out how fast it 's moving . 
 i can do that by sitting here for a sol . 
 i can compare tomorrow 's wattage to today 's . 
 all i have to do is make sure to compare the same times of day . 
 then i 'd know how fast the storm is moving , at least in terms of percent power loss . 
 but i need to know the shape of the storm , too . 
 dust storms are big . 
 they can be thousands of kilometers across . 
 so when i work my way around it , i 'll need to know which way to go . 
 i 'll want to move perpendicular to the storm 's movement , and in whatever direction has less storm . 
 so here 's my plan : right now , i can go 86km -lrb- because i could n't get a full battery yesterday -rrb- . 
 i 'm going to leave a solar cell here and drive 40km due south . 
 then i 'll drop off another solar cell and drive another 40km due south . 
 i 'll have three points of reference across 80km . 
 the next day , i 'll go back to collect the cells and get the data . 
 by comparing the wattage at the same time of day in those three locations , i 'll learn the shape of the storm . 
 if the storm is thicker to the south , i 'll go north to get around it . 
 if it 's thicker north , i 'll go south . 
 i 'm hoping to go south . 
 schiaparelli is southeast of me . 
 going north would add a lot of time to my total trip . 
 there 's one slight problem with my plan : i do n't have any way to `` record '' the wattage from an abandoned solar cell . 
 i can easily track and log wattage with the rover computer , but i need something i can drop off and leave behind . 
 i ca n't just take readings as i drive along . 
 i need readings at the same time in different places . 
 so i 'm going to spend today working on some mad science . 
 i have to make something that can log wattage . 
 something i can leave behind with a single solar cell . 
 since i 'm stuck here for the day anyway , i 'll leave the solar cells out . 
 i may as well get a full battery out of it . 
 log entry : sol 477 it took all day yesterday and today , but i think i 'm ready to measure this storm . 
 when i packed for this road trip , i made sure to bring all my kits and tools . 
 just in case i had to repair the rover en-route . 
 i made the bedroom in to a lab . 
 i stacked my supply containers to form a rudimentary table , and used a sample box as a stool . 
 i needed a way to track the time of day and the wattage of the solar cell . 
 the tricky part is logging it . 
 and the solution is the extra eva suit i brought along . 
 the cool thing about eva suits is they have cameras recording everything they see . 
 there 's a camera on the right arm -lrb- or the left if the astronaut is left handed -rrb- , and one above the faceplate . 
 a time-stamp is burned in to the lower left corner of the image , just like the shaky home videos dad used to take . 
 my electronics kit has several power meters . 
 so i figure : why make my own logging system ? 
 i can just film the power meter all day long . 
 so that 's what i set up . 
 first , i harvested the cameras from my spare eva suit . 
 i had to be careful ; i did n't want to ruin the suit . 
 it 's my only spare . 
 i had to get the cameras and the lines leading to their memory chips . 
 i put a power meter in to a small sample container , then glued a camera to the underside of the lid . 
 when i sealed up the container , the camera was properly recording the readout of the power meter . 
 for testing , i used rover power . 
 how will it get power once i abandon it on the surface ? 
 well , it turns out it 's going to be attached to a 2 square meter solar cell . 
 that 'll be plenty . 
 and i put a small rechargeable battery in the container to tide it over during nighttime -lrb- again , harvested from the spare eva suit -rrb- . 
 the next problem is heat , or the lack thereof . 
 as soon as i take this thing out of the rover , it 'll start cooling down mighty fast . 
 once it gets too cold , the electronics will stop working entirely . 
 so i needed a heat source . 
 and my electronics kit provided the answer . 
 resistors . 
 lots and lots of them . 
 the camera and power meter only need a tiny fraction of what a solar cell can make . 
 so i 'm dumping the rest of the energy through resistors . 
 resistors heat up . 
 it 's what they do . 
 there 's my heat source . 
 i made and tested two `` power loggers '' , and confirmed the images were being properly recorded . 
 then i had an eva . 
 i detached two of my solar cells and hooked them up to the power loggers . 
 i let them log happily for an hour , then brought them back in to check the results . 
 they worked great . 
 it 's getting toward nightfall now . 
 tomorrow morning , i 'll leave one power logger behind , and head south . 
 while i was working , i left the oxygenator going -lrb- why not ? -rrb- . 
 so i 'm all stocked up on o2 and good to go . 
 the solar cell efficiency for today was 92.5 % . 
 compared to yesterday 's 97 % . 
 so right now , the storm is moving at 4.5 % per sol . 
 if i were to stay here another 16 sols , it would get dark enough to kill me . 
 just as well i 'm not going to stay here . 
 log entry : sol 478 everything went as planned today . 
 no hiccups . 
 i ca n't tell if i 'm driving deeper in to the storm or out of it . 
 it 's hard to tell if the ambient light is less or more than it was yesterday . 
 the human brain works hard to abstract that out . 
 i left a power-logger behind when i started out . 
 then , after 40km travel due south , i had a quick eva to set up another . 
 now i 've gone the full 80km , set up my solar cells for charging , and i 'm logging the wattage . 
 tomorrow , i 'll have to reverse course and pick up the power-loggers . 
 it may be dangerous ; i 'll be driving right back in to a known storm area . 
 but the risk is worth the gain . 
 also , have i mentioned i 'm sick of potatoes ? 
 because , by god , i am sick of potatoes . 
 if i ever return to earth , i 'm going to buy a nice little home in western australia . 
 because western australia is on the opposite side of earth from idaho . 
 i bring it up because i dined on a meal pack today . 
 i had saved 5 packs for special occasions . 
 i ate the first of them 29 sols ago when i left for schiaparelli . 
 i totally forgot to eat the second when i reached the half-way point 9 sols ago . 
 so i 'm enjoying my belated half-way feast . 
 it 's probably more accurate to eat it today anyway . 
 who knows how long it 'll take me to go around this storm . 
 and if i end up stuck in the storm and doomed to die , i 'm totally eating the other earmarked meals . 
 log entry : sol 479 have you ever taken the wrong freeway entrance ? 
 you need to drive to the next exit to turn around , but you hate every inch of travel because you 're going away from your goal . 
 i felt like that all day . 
 i 'm now back where i started yesterday morning . 
 yuk . 
 along the way , i picked up the power-logger i 'd left behind at the half-way point . 
 just now i brought in the one i 'd left here yesterday . 
 both loggers worked they way i 'd hoped . 
 i downloaded each of their video recordings to a laptop and advanced them to noon . 
 finally i had solar efficiency readings from three locations along an 80km line , all from the same time of day . 
 as of noon yesterday , the northern-most logger showed 12.3 % efficiency loss , the middle one was a 9.5 % loss , and the rover recorded a 6.4 % loss at its southernmost location . 
 it paints a pretty clear picture : the storm front runs northwest to southeast . 
 and i already worked out it 's traveling west . 
 the best way to avoid it is to go south . 
 finally , some good news ! 
 south is what i wanted . 
 i wo n't lose much time . 
 sigh ... i have to drive the same god damned path a third time tomorrow . 
 log entry : sol 480 i think i 'm getting ahead of the storm . 
 having traveled along mars highway 1 all day , i 'm back at my campsite from yesterday . 
 tomorrow , i 'll finally make real headway again . 
 i was done driving and had the camp set up by noon . 
 the efficiency loss here is 15.6 % . 
 compared to the 17 % loss at yesterday 's camp , this means i can outrun the storm as long as i keep heading south . 
 hopefully . 
 the storm is probably circular . 
 they usually are . 
 but i could just be driving in to an alcove . 
 if that 's the case , i 'm just fucking dead , ok ? 
 there 's only so much i can do . 
 i 'll know soon enough . 
 if the storm is circular , i should get better and better efficiency every day until i 'm back to 100 % . 
 one i reach 100 % that means i 'm completely south of the storm and i can start going east again . 
 we 'll see . 
 if there were no storm , i 'd be going directly southwest toward my goal . 
 as it is , going only south , i 'm not nearly as fast . 
 i 'm traveling 90km per day as usual , but i only get 37km closer to schiaparelli because pythagoras is a dick . 
 i do n't know when i 'll finally clear the storm and be able to beeline to schiaparelli again . 
 but one thing 's for sure : my plan to arrive on sol 495 is boned . 
 sol 549 . 
 that 's when they come for me . 
 if i miss it , i 'll spend the rest of my very short life here . 
 and i still have the mav to modify before then , too . 
 sheesh . 
 log entry : sol 482 air day . 
 a time for relaxation and speculation . 
 for relaxation , i read 100 pages of agatha christie 's evil under the sun courtesy of johanssen 's digital book collection . 
 i think linda marshall is the murderer . 
 as for speculation , i speculated on when the hell i 'll get past this fucking storm . 
 i 'm still going due south every day ; and still dealing with efficiency loss -lrb- though i 'm keeping ahead of it -rrb- . 
 every day of this crap i 'm only getting 37km closer to the mav instead of 90 . 
 pissing me off . 
 i considered skipping the air day . 
 i could go another couple of days before i ran out of oxygen , and getting away from the storm is pretty important . 
 but i decided against it . 
 i 'm ahead of the storm enough that i can afford one day of no movement . 
 and i do n't know if a couple more days would help . 
 who knows how far the storm goes south ? 
 well , nasa probably knows . 
 and the news stations back on earth are probably showing it . 
 and there 's probably a website like . 
 so there 's like a hundred million people or so who know exactly how far south it goes . 
 but i 'm not one of them . 
 log entry : sol 484 finally ! 
 i am finally past the god damned storm . 
 today 's power regen was 100 % . 
 no more dust in the air . 
 with the storm moving perpendicular to my direction of travel , it means i 'm south of the southernmost point of the cloud -lrb- presuming it 's a circular storm . 
 if it 's not then fuck . -rrb- 
 starting tomorrow , i can go directly toward schiaparelli . 
 which is good , cause i lost a lot of time . 
 i went 540km due south while avoiding that storm . 
 i 'm catastrophically off course . 
 mind you , it has n't been that bad . 
 i 'm well in to terra meridiani now , and the driving is a little easier here than the rugged ass-kicking terrain of arabia terra . 
 schiaparelli is almost due east , and if my sextant and phobos calculations are correct , i 've got another 1030km to get there . 
 accounting for air days and presuming 90km of travel per sol , i should arrive on sol 505 . 
 not too bad , really . 
 the nearly-mark-killin ' storm only ended up delaying me by 7 sols . 
 i 'll still have 44 sols to do whatever mav modifications nasa has in mind . 
 log entry : sol 487 i have an interesting opportunity here . 
 and by `` opportunity '' i mean opportunity . 
 i got pushed so far off course , i 'm actually not far from the mars exploration rover opportunity . 
 it 's about 300km away . 
 i could actually get there and pull a pathfinder on it . 
 it would take about 4 sols . 
 thing is , it 's not worth it . 
 i 'm only 13 sols away from the mav . 
 why go out of my way to dig up another broken-ass rover to use as a makeshift radio when i 'll have a brand new , fully functional communication system within a couple of weeks . 
 so , while it 's kind of neat that i 'm within striking range of another rover -lrb- man we really littered this planet with them , did n't we ? -rrb- 
 it 's not relevant . 
 besides , i 've defiled enough future historical sites for now . 
 log entry : sol 492 i need to put some thought in to the bedroom . 
 right now , i can only have it set up when i 'm inside the rover . 
 it attaches to the airlock , so i ca n't get out if it 's there . 
 during my road trip that did n't matter , because i had to furl it every day anyway . 
 but once i get to the mav , i wo n't have to drive around anymore . 
 each decompress/recompress of the bedroom stresses the seams -lrb- i learned that lesson the hard way when the hab blew up -rrb- so it 's best if i can find a way to leave it out . 
 holy shit . 
 i just realized i actually believe i 'll get to the mav . 
 see what i did there ? 
 i casually talked about what i 'll do after i get to the mav . 
 like it was nothing . 
 no big deal . 
 i 'm just going to pop over to schiaparelli and hang with the mav there . 
 nice . 
 anyway , i do n't have another airlock . 
 i 've got one on the rover and one on the trailer and that 's it . 
 they 're firmly fixed in place , so it 's not like i can detach one and attach it to the bedroom . 
 but i can seal the bedroom entirely . 
 i do n't even have to do any bullshit hatchet jobs on it . 
 the airlock attachment point has a flap i can unroll seal the opening with . 
 remember , i stole the airlock attachment from a pop-tent . 
 it 's an emergency feature for pressure loss while in the rover . 
 it 'd be pretty useless if it could n't seal itself off . 
 unfortunately , as an emergency device , it was never intended to be reusable . 
 the idea was people seal themselves in the pop tent , then the rest of the crew drives to wherever they are in the other rover and rescues them . 
 the crew of the good rover detaches the pop tent from the breached rover , and re-attaches it to theirs . 
 then they cut through the seal from their side to recover their crewmates . 
 to make sure this would always be an option , mission rules dictated no more than 3 people could be in a rover at once , and both rovers had to be fully functional or we could n't use either . 
 so here 's my brilliant plan : i wo n't use the bedroom as a bedroom anymore once i get to the mav . 
 i 'll use it to house the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator . 
 then i 'll use the trailer as my bedroom . 
 neat , eh ? 
 the trailer has tons of space . 
 i put a fuckton of work in to making that happen . 
 the balloon gives plenty of headroom . 
 not a lot of floor space , but still lots of vertical area . 
 also , the bedroom has several valve apertures in its canvas . 
 i have the pop-tents to thank for that again . 
 i just needed swaths of canvas so i stole it from wherever i could . 
 i stole a lot from the pop tents , and they had valve apertures -lrb- triple redundant ones , actually -rrb- . 
 nasa wanted to make sure the emergency shelter allows the crew on the outside to get air in to the crew on the inside . 
 in the end , i 'll have the bedroom sealed with the oxygenator and atmospheric regulator inside . 
 it 'll be attached to the trailer via hoses to share the same atmosphere and i 'll run a power line through one of the hoses . 
 the rover will serve as storage -lrb- because i wo n't need to get to the driving controls any more -rrb- and the trailer will be completely empty . 
 then i 'll have a permanent bedroom . 
 i 'll even be able to use it as a workshop for whatever mav modifications i need to do on parts that can fit through the trailer 's airlock . 
 of course , if the atmospheric regulator or oxygenator have problems , i 'll need to cut in to the bedroom to get to them . 
 but i 've been here 492 sols and they 've worked fine the whole time , so i 'll take that risk . 
 log entry : sol 497 i 'll be at the entrance to schiaparelli crater tomorrow ! 
 presuming nothing goes wrong , that is . 
 but hey , everything else has gone smoothly this mission , right ? 
 -lrb- that was sarcasm . -rrb- 
 today 's an air day and for once , i do n't want it . 
 i 'm so close to schiaparelli , i can taste it . 
 i guess it would taste like sand , mostly , but that 's not the point . 
 of course , that wo n't be the end of the trip . 
 it 'll take another 3 sols to get from the entrance to the mav , but hot damn ! 
 i 'm almost there ! 
 i think i can even see the rim of schiaparelli . 
 it 's way the hell off in the distance and it might just be my imagination . 
 it 's 62km away , so if i 'm seeing it , i 'm only just barely seeing it . 
 tomorrow , once i get to entrance crater , i 'll turn south and enter the schiaparelli basin via the `` entrance ramp . '' 
 i did some back-of-the-napkin math and the slope should be pretty safe . 
 the elevation change from the rim to the basin is 1.5 km , and the ramp is at least 45km long . 
 that makes for a 2-degree grade . 
 no problem . 
 tomorrow night , i 'll sink to an all new low ! 
 lem me rephrase that ... tomorrow night , i 'll be at rock bottom ! 
 no , that does n't sound good either ... tomorrow night , i 'll be in giovanni schiaparelli 's favorite hole ! 
 ok , i admit i 'm just fucking around now . 
 for millions of years , the rim of the crater had been under constant attack from wind . 
 it eroded the rocky crest like a river cuts through a mountain range . 
 after aeons , it finally breached the edge . 
 the high pressure zone created by the wind now had an avenue to drain . 
 the breach widened more and more with each passing millennium . 
 as it widened , dust and sand particles carried along with the attack settled in the basin below . 
 eventually , a balance point was reached . 
 the sand had piled up high enough to be flush with the land outside the crater . 
 it no longer built upward , but now outward . 
 the slope lengthened until a new balance point was reached , one defined by the complex interactions of countless tiny particles and their ability to maintain an angled shape . 
 entrance ramp had been born . 
 the weather brought dunes and desert terrain . 
 nearby crater impacts brought rocks and boulders . 
 the shape became uneven . 
 gravity did its work . 
 the ramp compressed over time . 
 but it did not compress evenly . 
 differing densities shrunk at different rates . 
 some areas became hard as rock while others remained as soft as talc . 
 while providing a small average slope into the crater , the ramp itself was rugged and bitterly uneven . 
 upon reaching entrance crater , the lone inhabitant of mars turned his vehicle toward the schiaparelli basin . 
 the difficult terrain was unexpected , but looked no worse than other terrain he routinely navigated . 
 he went around the smaller dunes , and carefully crested the larger ones . 
 he took care with every turn , every rise or fall in elevation , and every boulder in his path . 
 he thought through every course and considered all alternatives . 
 but it was n't enough . 
 the rover , while descending down a seemingly ordinary slope , drove off an invisible ridge . 
 the dense , hard soil suddenly gave way to soft powder . 
 with the entire surface covered by at least 5cm of dust , there were no visual hints to the sudden change . 
 the rover 's left front wheel sank . 
 the sudden tilt brought the right rear wheel completely off the ground . 
 this in turn put more weight on the left rear wheel , which slipped from it 's precarious purchase into the powder as well . 
 before the traveler could react , the rover rolled on to its side . 
 as it did , the solar cells neatly stacked on the roof flew off and scattered like a dropped deck of cards . 
 the trailer , attached to the rover with a tow clamp , was dragged along . 
 the torsion on the clamp snapped the strong composite like a brittle twig . 
 the hoses connecting the two vehicles also snapped . 
 the trailer plunged head-long in to the soft soil and flipped over on to its balloon-roof , shuddering to an abrupt halt . 
 the rover was not so lucky . 
 it continued tumbling down the hill , bouncing the traveler around like clothes in a dryer . 
 after 20 meters , the soft powder gave way to more solid sand and it shuddered to a halt . 
 the rover had come to rest on its side . 
 the valves leading to the now missing hoses had detected the sudden pressure drop and closed . 
 the pressure seal was not breached . 
 the traveler was alive for now . 
 chapter 24 the department heads stared at the satellite image on the projection screen . 
 `` jesus , '' mitch said . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 `` the rover 's on its side , '' mindy said , pointing to the screen . 
 `` the trailer 's upside down . 
 those rectangles scattered around are solar cells . '' 
 venkat put a hand on his chin . 
 `` do we have any information on the state of the rover pressure vessel ? '' 
 `` nothing obvious , '' mindy said . 
 `` any signs of watney doing something after the accident ? 
 an eva maybe ? '' 
 `` no eva , '' mindy said . 
 `` the weather 's clear . 
 if he 'd come out there 'd be visible footsteps . '' 
 `` is this the entire crash site ? '' 
 bruce ng asked . 
 `` i think so , '' mindy said . 
 `` up toward the top of the photo , which is north , there are ordinary wheel tracks . 
 right here , '' she pointed to a large disturbance in the soil , `` is where i think things went wrong . 
 judging by where that ditch is , i 'd say the rover rolled and slid from there . 
 you can see the trench it left behind . 
 the trailer flipped forward on to its roof . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying everything 's ok , '' bruce said , `` but i do n't think it 's as bad as it looks . '' 
 `` go on , '' venkat said . 
 `` the rover 's designed to handle a roll , '' bruce explained . 
 `` and if there 'd been pressure loss there 'd be a starburst pattern in the sand . 
 i do n't see anything like that . '' 
 `` watney may still be hurt inside , '' mitch said . 
 `` he could have banged his head or broken an arm or something . '' 
 `` sure , '' bruce said . 
 `` i 'm just saying the rover is probably ok . '' 
 `` when was this taken ? '' 
 mindy checked her watch . 
 `` we got it 17 minutes ago . 
 we 'll get another pic in 9 minutes when mgs4 's orbit brings it in view . '' 
 `` first thing he 'll do is an eva to assess damage , '' venkat said . 
 `` mindy , keep us posted on any changes . '' 
 log entry : sol 498 hmm . 
 yeah . 
 things do n't go well on the descent in to schiaparelli basin . 
 to give you some indication of how unwell they went , i 'm reaching up to the computer to type this . 
 because it 's still mounted near the control panel , and the rover is on its side . 
 i got bounced around a lot , but i 'm a well-honed machine in times of crisis . 
 as soon as the rover toppled , i curled in to a ball and cowered . 
 that 's the kind of action hero i am . 
 it worked , too . 
 cause i 'm not hurt . 
 the pressure vessel is intact , so that 's a plus . 
 the valves that lead to the trailer hoses are shut . 
 probably means the hoses disconnected . 
 and that means the trailer junction snapped . 
 wonderful . 
 looking around the interior here , i do n't think anything is broken . 
 the water tanks stayed sealed . 
 there are n't any visible leaks in the air tanks . 
 the bedroom came unfolded and it 's all over the place , but it 's just canvas so it ca n't have gotten too hurt . 
 the driving controls are ok , and the nav computer is telling me the rover is at an `` unacceptably dangerous tilt . '' 
 thanks , nav ! 
 so i rolled . 
 that 's not the end of the world . 
 i 'm alive and the rover 's fine . 
 i 'm more worried about the solar cells i probably rolled over . 
 also , since the trailer detached there 's a good chance it 's fucked up , too . 
 the balloon roof it has is n't exactly durable . 
 if it popped , the shit inside will have flung out in all directions and i 'll have to go find it . 
 that 's my critical life support . 
 speaking of life support , the rover switched over to the local tanks when the valves shut . 
 good boy , rover ! 
 here 's a scooby-snack . 
 i 've got 20l of oxygen -lrb- enough to keep me breathing for 40 days -rrb- but without the regulator -lrb- which is in the trailer -rrb- i 'm back to chemical co2 absorption . 
 i have 312 hours of filters left . 
 plus i have another 171 hours of eva suit co2 filters as well . 
 all told , they 'll last 483 hours , which is close to 20 sols . 
 so i have time to get things working again . 
 i 'm really damn close to the mav now . 
 about 220km . 
 i 'm not going to let something like this stop me from getting there . 
 and i do n't need everything to work at top form anymore . 
 i just need the rover to work for 220 more kilometers and the life support to work for 51 more sols . 
 that 's it . 
 time to suit up and look for the trailer . 
 log entry : sol 498 -lrb- 2 -rrb- i had an eva and things are n't too bad . 
 mind you , they 're not good . 
 i trashed 3 solar cells . 
 they 're under the rover and cracked all to hell . 
 they might still be able to piss out out a few watts , but i 'm not holding out much hope . 
 i did come in to this with one extra solar cell . 
 i needed 28 for my daily operations and i brought 29 -lrb- 14 on the rover 's roof , 7on the trailer 's roof , and 8 on the makeshift shelves i installed on the sides of both vehicles . -rrb- 
 i tried pushing the rover over , but i was n't strong enough . 
 i 'll need to rig something to get a leverage advantage . 
 other than being on its side , i do n't see any real problems . 
 well , that 's not true . 
 the tow hook is fucked beyond repair . 
 half of it ripped clean off . 
 fortunately , the trailer also has a tow hook , so i have a spare . 
 the trailer 's in a precarious situation . 
 it 's upside-down and sitting on the inflated roof . 
 i 'm not sure which god smiled down on me and kept that balloon from popping , but i 'm grateful . 
 my first priority will be righting it . 
 the longer it puts weight on that balloon , the larger the chances it 'll pop . 
 while i was out , i collected the 26 solar cells that are n't under the rover and set them up to recharge my batteries . 
 may as well , right ? 
 so right now , i have a few problems to tackle : first , i need to right the trailer . 
 or at least get the weight off the balloon . 
 next , i need to right the rover . 
 finally , i need to replace the rover 's tow hook with the one on the trailer . 
 also , i should spell out a message for nasa . 
 they 're probably worried . 
 mindy read the morse code aloud . 
 `` rolled . 
 fixing now . '' 
 `` what ? 
 that 's it ? '' 
 venkat said over the phone . 
 `` that 's all he said , '' she reported , cradling the phone as she typed out an email to the list of interested parties . 
 `` just three words ? 
 nothing about his physical health ? 
 his equipment ? 
 his supplies ? '' 
 `` you got me , '' she said . 
 `` he left a detailed status report . 
 i just decided to lie for no reason . '' 
 `` funny , '' venkat said . 
 `` be a smart-ass to a guy seven levels above you at your company . 
 see how that works out . '' 
 `` oh no , '' mindy said . 
 `` i might lose my job as an interplanetary voyeur ? 
 i guess i 'd have to use my master 's degree for something else . '' 
 `` i remember when you were shy . '' 
 `` i 'm space paparazzi now . 
 the attitude comes with the job . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' venkat said . 
 `` just send the email . '' 
 `` already sent . '' 
 log entry : sol 499 i had a busy day today and i got a lot done . 
 i started out pretty sore . 
 i had to sleep on the wall of the rover . 
 the bedroom wo n't work when the airlock is facing up . 
 i did get to use the bedroom , somewhat . 
 i folded it up and used it as a bed . 
 anyway , suffice to say the wall of the rover was n't made for sleeping on . 
 but after a morning potato and vicodin , i was feeling much better . 
 at first i figured my top priority was the trailer . 
 then i changed my mind . 
 after taking a good look at it , i decided i 'd never be able to right it by myself . 
 i 'd need the rover . 
 so today was focused on getting the rover righted . 
 i brought all my tools along on this trip , figuring i 'd need them for the mav modifications . 
 and along with them i brought cabling . 
 once i get set up at the mav , my solar cells and batteries will be in a fixed position . 
 i do n't want to move the rover around every time i use a drill on the far side of the mav . 
 so i brought all the electrical cabling i could fit . 
 good thing , too . 
 because it doubles as rope . 
 i dug up my longest cable . 
 it 's the same one i used to power the drill that destroyed pathfinder . 
 i call it my `` lucky cable . '' 
 i plugged one end in to the battery and the other in to the infamous sample drill . 
 then walked off with the drill to find solid ground . 
 once i found it , i kept going until i 'd gone as far as the electrical line would reach . 
 i drove a 1-meter bit half a meter into a rock , unplugged the power line , and tied it around the base of the bit . 
 then i went back to the rover and tied off the cord to the roof-rack bar on the high side . 
 now i had a long , taut line running perpendicular to the rover . 
 i walked to the middle of the cord and pulled it laterally . 
 the leverage advantage on the rover was huge . 
 i only hoped it would n't break the drill bit before it tipped the rover . 
 i backed away , pulling the line more and more . 
 something had to give , and it was n't going to be me . 
 i had archimedes on my side . 
 the rover finally tipped . 
 it fell on to its wheels , kicking up a large cloud of soft dust . 
 it was a silent affair . 
 i was far enough away that the thin atmosphere had no hope of carrying the sound to me . 
 i untied the power line , liberated the drill bit , and returned to the rover . 
 i gave it a full system 's check . 
 that 's a boring-as-hell task but i had to do it . 
 every system and subsystem was working correctly . 
 jpl did a damn good job making these rovers . 
 if i get back to earth , i 'm buying bruce ng a beer . 
 though i guess i should buy all the jpl guys a beer . 
 beers for fucking everyone if i get back to earth . 
 anyway , with the rover back on its wheels it was time to work on the trailer . 
 problem is , i 'm in a crater . 
 i had gotten most of the way down the ramp when i rolled the rover . 
 and the ramp is up against the western edge of the crater . 
 so the sun sets really early from my point of view . 
 i 'm in the shadow of the western wall . 
 and that royally sucks . 
 mars is not earth . 
 it does n't have a thick atmosphere to bend light and carry particles that reflect light around corners . 
 it 's damn-near a vacuum here . 
 once the sun is n't visible , i 'm in the dark . 
 phobos gives me some moonlight , but not enough to work with . 
 deimos is a little piece of shit that 's no good to anyone . 
 long story short : i ran out of daylight . 
 i hate to leave the trailer sitting on its balloon for another night , but there 's not much else i can do . 
 i figure it 's survived a whole day like that . 
 it 's probably stable for now . 
 and hey , with the rover righted , i get to use the bedroom again ! 
 it 's the simple things in life that matter . 
 log entry : sol 500 when i woke up this morning , the trailer had n't popped yet . 
 so that was a good start . 
 the trailer was a bigger challenge than the rover . 
 i only had to tip the rover . 
 i 'd need to completely flip the trailer . 
 that requires lot more force than yesterday 's little leverage trick . 
 the first step was to drive the rover to near the trailer . 
 then came the digging . 
 oh god the digging . 
 the trailer was upside down with its nose pointed downhill . 
 i decided the best way to right it was to take advantage of the slope and roll the trailer over its nose . 
 basically to make it do a somersault to land on its wheels . 
 i can make this happen by tying off the cable to the rear of the trailer and towing with the rover . 
 but if i tried that without digging a hole first , the trailer would just slide along the ground . 
 i needed it to tip up . 
 i needed a hole for the nose to fall in to . 
 so i dug a hole . 
 a hole one by three meters , and one meter deep . 
 it took me four miserable hours of hard labor , but i got it done . 
 i hopped in the rover and drove it downhill , dragging the trailer with me . 
 as i 'd hoped , the trailer nosed in to the hole and tipped up . 
 from there , it fell on to its wheels with a huge plume of dust . 
 then i sat for a moment , dumbstruck that my plan actually worked . 
 and now i 'm out of daylight again . 
 i ca n't wait to get out of this fucking shadow . 
 all i need is one day of driving toward the mav and i 'll be away from the wall . 
 but for now , it 's another early night . 
 i 'll spend tonight without the trailer to manage my life support . 
 it may be righted , but i have no idea if the shit inside still works . 
 the rover still has ample supplies for me . 
 i 'll spend the rest of the evening enjoying a potato . 
 and by `` enjoying '' i mean `` hating so much i want to kill people . '' 
 log entry : sol 501 i started the day with some nothin ' tea . 
 nothin ' tea is easy to make . 
 first , get some hot water , then add nothin ' . 
 i experimented with potato skin tea a few weeks ago . 
 the less said about that the better . 
 i ventured in to the trailer today . 
 not an easy task . 
 it 's pretty cramped in there ; i had to leave my eva suit in the airlock . 
 the first thing i noticed was that it was really hot in there . 
 it took me a few minutes to work out why . 
 the atmospheric regulator was still in perfect working order , but it had nothing to do . 
 without being connected to the rover , it no longer had my co2 production to deal with . 
 the atmosphere in the trailer was perfect , why change anything ? 
 with no regulation necessary , the air was not being pumped out to the arec for freeze-separation . 
 and thus it was n't coming back in as a liquid in need of heating . 
 but remember , the rtg gives off heat all the time . 
 you ca n't stop it . 
 so the heat just built up . 
 eventually , things reached a balance point where the heat bled through the hull as fast as the rtg could add it . 
 if you 're curious , that balance point was a sweltering 41c . 
 i did a full diagnostic on the regulator and oxygenator and i 'm happy to report both are working perfectly . 
 the rtg 's water tank was empty , which is no surprise . 
 it was an open top , not intended to be turned upside down . 
 the floor of the trailer has a lot of puddled water that took me quite a while to sop up with my jumpsuit . 
 i topped the tank off with some more water from a sealed container that i 'd stored in the trailer earlier . 
 remember , i need that water to have something for the returning air to bubble through . 
 that 's my heating system . 
 but all things considered , it was good news . 
 the critical components are working fine , and both vehicles are back on their tires . 
 the hoses that connected the rover and trailer were designed well , and released without breaking . 
 i simply snapped them back in to place and the vehicles were sharing life support again . 
 the one remaining thing to fix was the tow hook . 
 it was absolutely ruined . 
 it took the full force of the crash . 
 as i suspected , the trailer 's tow hook was unscathed . 
 so i transferred it to the rover and reconnected the two vehicles for travel . 
 all told , that little fender-bender cost me 4 sols . 
 but now i 'm back in action ! 
 sort of . 
 what if i run in to another powder pit ? 
 i got lucky this time . 
 next time i might not get off so easy . 
 i think this was sort of a freak accident . 
 the problem was that one wheel was on solid ground while the other was on soft powder . 
 i need a way to know if the ground in front of me is safe . 
 at least for the duration of my time on the ramp . 
 once i 'm in the schiaparelli basin proper , i can count on the normal sandy terrain i 'm used to . 
 if i could have anything , it would be a radio to ask nasa the safe path down the ramp . 
 well , if i could have anything , it would be for the green-skinned yet beautiful queen of mars to rescue me so she can learn more about this earth thing called `` lovemaking '' . 
 it 's been a long time since i 've seen a woman . 
 just sayin ' . 
 anyway , to ensure i do n't crash again , i 'll -- seriously ... no women in like , years . 
 i do n't ask for much . 
 and believe me , a botanist / mechanical engineer does n't exactly have ladies lined up at the door . 
 but still , c'mon . 
 anyway . 
 i 'll drive slower . 
 like ... a crawl . 
 that should give me enough time to react if one wheel starts to sink . 
 also , the lower speed will give me more torque , making it less likely i lose traction . 
 up till now i 've been driving 25kph , so i 'm going to cut that to 5kph . 
 i 'm still toward the top of the ramp , but the whole thing is only 40km . 
 i can take my time and get safely to the bottom . 
 it should take about 8 hours . 
 i 'll do it tomorrow . 
 i 'm already out of daylight again today . 
 that 's another bonus : once i clear the ramp , i can start bee-lining toward the mav , which will take me away from the crater wall . 
 i 'll be back to enjoying the entire day 's sunlight instead of just half of it . 
 if i get back to earth , i 'll be famous , right ? 
 a fearless astronaut who beat all the odds , right ? 
 i bet women like that . 
 more motivation to stay alive . 
 `` so it looks like he 's fixed everything , '' mindy explained . 
 `` and his message today was ` all better now ' so i guess he 's got everything working . '' 
 she surveyed the smiling faces of the meeting room . 
 `` awesome . '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` great news , '' bruce 's voice came in through the speakerphone . 
 venkat leaned forward to the speakerphone `` how are the mav modification plans coming , bruce ? 
 is jpl going to have that procedure soon ? '' 
 `` we 're working around the clock on it , '' bruce said . 
 `` we 're past most of the big hurdles . 
 working out the details now . '' 
 `` good , good , '' venkat said . 
 `` any surprises i should know about ? '' 
 `` um ... '' bruce said . 
 `` yeah , a few . 
 this might not be the best venue for it . 
 i 'll be back in houston with the procedure in a day or two . 
 we can go through it then . '' 
 `` ominous , '' venkat said . 
 `` but ok . 
 we 'll pick it up later . '' 
 `` can i spread the word ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` it 'd be nice to see something other than the rover crash site on the news tonight . '' 
 `` definitely , '' venkat said . 
 `` it 'll be nice to have some good news for a change . 
 mindy , how long until he gets to the mav ? '' 
 `` at his usual rate of 90km per sol , '' mindy said , `` he should get there on sol 504 . 
 sol 505 if he takes his time . 
 he always drives in the early morning , finishing around noon . '' 
 she checked an application on her laptop . 
 `` noon on sol 504 will be 11:41 am this wednesday here in houston . 
 noon on sol 505 will be 12:21 pm on thursday . '' 
 `` mitch , who 's handling ares 4 mav communication ? '' 
 `` the ares 3 mission control team , '' mitch replied . 
 `` it 'll be in control room 2 '' . 
 `` i assume you 'll be there ? '' 
 `` bet your ass i 'll be there . '' 
 `` so will i. '' log entry : sol 502 every thanksgiving , my family used to drive from chicago to sandusky , an 8-hour drive . 
 it 's where mom 's sister lived . 
 dad would always drive , and he was the slowest , most cautious driver who ever took the wheel . 
 seriously . 
 he drove like he was taking a driver 's test . 
 never exceeded the speed limit , always had his hands at 10 and 2 , adjusted mirrors before each outing , you name it . 
 it was infuriating . 
 we 'd be on the freeway , cars blowing by left and right . 
 some of them would blare their horns because , honestly , driving the speed limit makes you a road hazard . 
 i wanted to get out and push . 
 i felt that way all damn day today . 
 5km/h is literally a walking pace . 
 and i drove that speed for eight hours . 
 but the slow speed ensured that i would n't fall in to anymore powder pits along the way . 
 and of course i did n't encounter any . 
 i could have driven full speed and had no problems . 
 but better safe than sorry . 
 the good news is i 'm off the ramp . 
 i camped out as soon as the terrain flattened out . 
 i 've already overdone my driving time for the day . 
 i could go further , i still have 15 % battery power or so , but i want to get as much daylight on my solar cells as i can . 
 i 'm in the schiaparelli basin at last ! 
 far from the crater wall , too . 
 i get a full day of sunlight every day from now on . 
 i decided it was time for a very special occasion . 
 i ate the meal pack labeled `` survived something that should have killed me . '' 
 oh my god , i forgot how good real food tastes . 
 with luck , i 'll get to eat `` arrival '' in a few sols . 
 log entry : sol 503 i did n't get as much recharge i usually would yesterday . 
 because of my extended driving time , i only recharged to 70 % before night fell . 
 so today 's driving was abbreviated . 
 i got 63km before i had to camp out again . 
 but i do n't even mind . 
 because i 'm only 148km from the mav . 
 that means i 'll get there the sol after tomorrow . 
 holy hell , i 'm really going to make it ! 
 log entry : sol 504 holy shit this is awesome ! 
 holy shit ! 
 holy shit ! 
 ok calm . 
 calm . 
 i made 90km today . 
 by my estimate , i 'm 50km from the mav . 
 i should get there some time tomorrow . 
 i 'm excited about that , but here 's what i 'm really stoked about : i caught a blip from the mav ! 
 nasa has the mav broadcasting the ares 3 hab homing signal . 
 why would n't they ? 
 it makes perfect sense . 
 unlike my worn out shit , the mav is a sleek , perfectly functional machine , ready to do what it 's told . 
 and they have it pretending to be the ares 3 hab so my rover will see the signal and tell me where it is . 
 that is an exceptionally good idea ! 
 i wo n't have to wander around looking for the thing . 
 i 'm going straight to it . 
 i only caught a blip . 
 i 'll get more as i get closer . 
 it has three redundant methods of communicating with earth , but they 're extremely directed and are designed for line-of-sight communication . 
 it 's strange to think that a sand dune will stop me from hearing what the mav has to say , but it can talk to earth no problem . 
 well , there are n't any sand dunes between it and earth when they talk . 
 somehow they messed with things to make a radial signal , however weak it may be . 
 and i heard it ! 
 my message for the day was `` got beacon signal . '' 
 if i 'd had enough rocks , i would have added `` awesome fucking idea !!! '' 
 but it 's a really sandy area . 
 the mav waited in southwestern schiaparelli . 
 it stood an impressive 27 meters tall , its conical body gleaming in the midday sun . 
 the rover crested a nearby dune with the trailer in tow . 
 it slowed for a few moments , then continued toward the ship at top speed . 
 it came to a stop 20 meters away . 
 there it remained for ten minutes while the astronaut inside suited up . 
 he stumbled excitedly out of the airlock , falling to the ground then scrambling to his feet . 
 beholding the mav , he gestured to it with both arms , as if in disbelief . 
 he leaped in to the air several times , arms held high with fists clenched . 
 then he knelt on one knee and fist-pumped repeatedly . 
 running to the spacecraft , he hugged landing strut b . 
 after a few moments , he broke off the embrace to perform another round of leaping celebrations . 
 now fatigued , the astronaut stood with arms akimbo , looking up at the sleek lines of the engineering marvel before him . 
 climbing the ladder on the landing stage , he reached the ascent stage and entered the airlock . 
 he sealed the door behind him . 
 chapter 25 log entry : sol 505 i finally made it ! 
 i 'm at the mav ! 
 well , right this second , i 'm back in the rover . 
 i did go in to the mav to do a systems check and boot-up . 
 i had to keep my eva suit on the whole time because there 's no life support in there just yet . 
 it 's going through a self check right now , and i 'm feeding it oxygen and nitrogen with hoses from the rover . 
 this is all part of the mav 's design . 
 it does n't bring air along . 
 why would it ? 
 that 's a needless weight when you 'll have a hab full of air right next door . 
 i 'm guessing folks at nasa are popping champagne right now and sending me lots of messages . 
 i 'll read them in a bit . 
 first things first : get the mav some life support . 
 then i 'll be able to work comfortably inside . 
 and then i 'll have a boring conversation with nasa . 
 the content may be interesting , but the 14-minute transmission time between here and earth will be a bit dull . 
 -lsb- 13:07 -rsb- houston : congratulations from all of us here at mission control ! 
 well done ! 
 what 's your status ? 
 -lsb- 13:21 -rsb- mav : thanks ! 
 no health or physical problems . 
 the rover and trailer are getting pretty worn out , but still functional . 
 oxygenator and regulator both working fine . 
 i did n't bring the water reclaimer . 
 just brought the water . 
 plenty of potatoes left . 
 i 'm good to last till 549 . 
 -lsb- 13:36 -rsb- houston : glad to hear it . 
 hermes is still on track for a sol 549 flyby . 
 as you know , the mav will need to lose some weight to make the intercept . 
 we 're going to get you those procedures within the day . 
 how much water do you have ? 
 what did you do with urine ? 
 -lsb- 13:50 -rsb- mav : i have 550l of remaining water . 
 i 've been dumping urine outside along the way . 
 -lsb- 14:05 -rsb- houston : preserve all water . 
 do n't do any more urine dumps . 
 store it somewhere . 
 turn the rover 's radio on and leave it on . 
 we can contact it through mav . 
 `` so is it ready ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` yes , it 's ready . '' 
 bruce said . 
 `` but you 're not going to like it . '' 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` bear in mind , '' bruce said , producing a booklet from his briefcase , `` this is the end result of thousands of hours of work , testing , and lateral thinking by all the best guys at jpl . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it was hard to trim down a ship that 's already designed to be as light as possible , '' venkat said . 
 bruce slid the booklet across the desk to venkat . 
 `` the problem is the intercept velocity . 
 the mav is designed to get to low mars orbit , which is 4.1 kps . 
 but the hermes flyby will be 5.8 kps . '' 
 venkat flipped through the pages . 
 `` care to summarize ? '' 
 `` firstly , we 're going to add fuel . 
 the mav makes its own fuel from the martian atmosphere , but it 's limited by how much hydrogen it has . 
 it brought enough to make 19,397 kg of fuel , as it was designed to do . 
 if we can give it more hydrogen , it can make more . '' 
 `` how much more ? '' 
 `` for every kilogram of hydrogen , it can make 13 kilograms of fuel . 
 watney has 550 liters of water . 
 we 'll have him electrolyze it to get 60kg of hydrogen . '' 
 bruce reached over the desk and flipped a few pages , pointing to a diagram . 
 `` the fuel plant can make 780kg of fuel from that . '' 
 `` if he electrolyzes his water what 'll he drink ? '' 
 `` he can electrolyze urine , so we only need to set a few liters aside for the last couple of days . '' 
 `` i see . 
 and what does 780kg of fuel buy us ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` it buys us 300kg of payload . 
 it 's all about fuel versus payload . 
 the mav 's launch weight is over 12,600 kg . 
 we need to get that down to 7,300 kg . 
 that 's accounting for the bonus fuel . 
 so the rest of this booklet is how to remove over five thousand kilograms from the ship . '' 
 venkat leaned back . 
 `` walk me through it . '' 
 bruce pulled another copy of the booklet from his briefcase . 
 `` there were some gimmies right off the bat . 
 the design presumes 500kg of martian soil and rock samples . 
 obviously we wo n't do that . 
 also , there 's just one passenger instead of six . 
 that saves 500kg when you consider their weight plus their suits and gear . 
 and we can lose the other 5 acceleration chairs . 
 and of course , we 'll remove all nonessential gear . 
 the med kit , tool kit , internal harnessing , straps , and anything else that is n't nailed down . 
 and some stuff that is . 
 `` next up , '' he continued , `` we 're ditching all life support . 
 the tanks , pumps , heaters , air lines , co2 absorption system , even the insulation on the inner side of the hull . 
 we do n't need it . 
 we 'll have watney wear his eva suit for the whole trip . '' 
 `` wo n't that make it awkward for him to use the controls ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` he wo n't use any controls , '' bruce said . 
 `` major martinez will pilot the mav remotely from hermes . 
 it 's already designed for remote piloting . 
 it was remotely landed , after all . '' 
 `` what if something goes wrong ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` martinez is the best trained pilot , '' bruce said . 
 `` if there is an emergency , he 's the guy you want controlling the ship . '' 
 `` hmm , '' venkat said cautiously . 
 `` we 've never had a manned ship controlled remotely before . 
 but ok . 
 go on . '' 
 `` since watney wo n't be flying the ship , '' bruce continued , `` he wo n't need any of those controls . 
 we 'll ditch the control panels and all the power and data lines that lead to them . '' 
 `` wow , '' venkat said . 
 `` we 're really gutting this thing . '' 
 `` i 'm just getting started , '' bruce said . 
 `` the power needs will be dramatically reduced now that life support is gone , so we 'll dump three of the five batteries and the auxiliary power system . 
 the orbital maneuvering system has 3 redundant thrusters . 
 we 'll get rid of those . 
 also , the secondary and tertiary comm systems can go . '' 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 venkat said , shocked . 
 `` you 're going to have a remote controlled ascent with no backup comm systems ? '' 
 `` no point , '' bruce said . 
 `` if the comm system goes out during ascent , the time it takes to reacquire will be too long to do any good . 
 the backups do n't help us . '' 
 `` this is getting really risky , bruce . '' 
 bruce sighed . 
 `` i know , venkat . 
 there 's just no other way . 
 and i 'm not even to the nasty stuff yet . '' 
 venkat rubbed his forehead . 
 `` by all means , tell me the nasty stuff . '' 
 `` we 'll remove the nose airlock , the windows , and hull panel 19 . '' 
 venkat blinked . 
 `` you 're taking the front of the ship off ? '' 
 `` sure , '' bruce said . 
 `` the nose airlock alone is 400kg . 
 the windows are pretty damn heavy , too . 
 and they 're connected by hull panel 19 so may as well take that , too . '' 
 `` so he 's going to launch with a big hole in the front of the ship ? '' 
 `` we 'll have him cover it with hab canvas . '' 
 `` hab canvas ? 
 for a launch to orbit !? '' 
 bruce shrugged . 
 `` the hull 's mostly there to keep the air in . 
 mars 's atmosphere is so thin you do n't need a lot of streamlining . 
 by the time the ship 's going fast enough for air resistance to matter , it 'll be high enough that there 's practically no air . 
 we 've run all the simulations . 
 should be good . '' 
 `` you 're sending him to space under a tarp . '' 
 `` pretty much , yeah . '' 
 `` like a hastily loaded pick up truck . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 can i go on ? '' 
 `` sure , ca n't wait . '' 
 `` we 'll also have him remove the back panel of the pressure vessel . 
 it 's the only other panel he can remove with the tools on-hand . 
 also , we 're getting rid of the auxiliary fuel pump . 
 sad to see it go , but it weighs too much for its usefulness . 
 and we 're nixing a stage one engine . '' 
 `` an engine ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 the stage one booster works fine if one engine goes out . 
 it 'll save us a huge amount of weight . 
 only during the stage one ascent , but still . 
 pretty good fuel savings . '' 
 bruce fell silent . 
 `` that it ? '' 
 venkat asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 venkat sighed . 
 `` you 've removed most of the safety backups . 
 what 's this do to the estimated odds of failure ? '' 
 `` it 's about 4 % . '' 
 `` jesus christ . '' 
 venkat said . 
 `` normally we 'd never even consider something that risky . '' 
 `` it 's all we 've got , venk , '' bruce said . 
 `` we 've tested it all out and run simulations galore . 
 we should be ok if everything works the way its supposed to . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 great . '' 
 venkat said . 
 -lsb- 08:41 -rsb- mav : you fucking kidding me ? 
 -lsb- 09:55 -rsb- houston : admittedly , they are very invasive modifications , but they have to be done . 
 the procedure doc we sent has instructions for each of these steps with tools you have on hand . 
 also , you 'll need to start electrolyzing water to get the hydrogen for the fuel plant . 
 we 'll send you procedures for that shortly . 
 -lsb- 09:09 -rsb- mav : you 're sending me into space in a convertible . 
 -lsb- 09:24 -rsb- houston : there will be hab canvas covering the holes . 
 it will provide enough aerodynamics in mars 's atmosphere . 
 -lsb- 09:38 -rsb- mav : so it 's a ragtop . 
 much better . 
 log entry : sol 506 on the way here , in my copious free time , i designed a `` workshop . '' 
 i figured i 'd need space to work on stuff without having to wear an eva suit . 
 i devised a brilliant plan whereby the current bedroom would become the new home of the regulator and oxygenator , and the now-empty trailer would become my workshop . 
 it 's a stupid idea and i 'm not doing it . 
 all i need is a pressurized area that i can work in . 
 i somehow convinced myself that the bedroom was n't an option because it 's a hassle to get stuff into it . 
 but it wo n't be that bad . 
 it attaches to the rover airlock , so the only way to get stuff in is annoying . 
 bring the stuff into the rover , attach the bedroom to the airlock from the inside , inflate it , bring the stuff in to the bedroom . 
 i 'll also have to empty the bedroom of all tools and equipment to fold it up any time i need to do an eva . 
 so yeah , it 'll be annoying , but all it costs me is time . 
 and i 'm actually doing well on that front . 
 i have 43 more sols before hermes flies by . 
 and looking at the procedure nasa has in mind for the modifications , i can take advantage of the mav itself as a workspace . 
 the lunatics at nasa have me doing all kinds of rape to the mav , but i do n't have to open the hull till the end . 
 so the first thing i 'll do is clear out a bunch of clutter , like chairs and control panels and the like . 
 once they 're out , i 'll have a lot of room in there to work . 
 but i did n't do anything to the soon-to-be-mutilated mav today . 
 today was all about system checks . 
 now that i 'm back in contact with nasa , i have to go back to being all `` safety first . '' 
 strangely , nasa does n't have total faith in my kludged-together rover or my method of piling everything into the trailer . 
 they had me do a full systems check on every single component . 
 everything 's still working fine , though it 's wearing down . 
 the regulator and oxygenator are less than peak efficiency -lrb- to say the least -rrb- and the trailer leaks some air every day . 
 not enough to cause problems , but it 's not a perfect seal . 
 nasa 's pretty uncomfortable with it , but we do n't have any other options . 
 then , they had me run a full diagnostic on the mav . 
 that 's in much better shape . 
 everything 's sleek and pristine and perfectly functional . 
 i 'd almost forgotten what new hardware even looks like . 
 pity i 'm going to tear it apart . 
 `` you killed watney , '' lewis said . 
 `` yeah , '' martinez said , scowling at his monitor . 
 the words `` collision with terrain '' blinked accusingly . 
 `` i pulled a nasty trick on him , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i gave him a malfunctioning altitude readout and made engine 3 cut out too early . 
 it 's a deadly combination . '' 
 `` should n't have been a mission failure , '' martinez said . 
 `` i should have noticed the readout was wrong . 
 it was way off . '' 
 `` do n't sweat it , '' lewis said . 
 `` that 's why we drill . 
 you 've still got three weeks to get it right . '' 
 `` will do , '' martinez said . 
 `` we only got a week of remote launch training , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it was only supposed to happen if we scrubbed before landing . 
 we 'd launch the mav to have it act as a satellite . 
 it was a cut-your-losses scenario . '' 
 `` it 's mission-critical now , '' lewis said . 
 `` so get it right . '' 
 `` aye , commander . '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` resetting the sim , '' johanssen said . 
 `` anything specific you want to try ? '' 
 `` surprise me , '' martinez said . 
 leaving the control room , lewis made her way to the reactor . 
 climbing `` up '' the ladder toward the center of the ship , the centripetal force on her diminished to nearly zero as she reached the core . 
 vogel looked up from a computer console . 
 `` commander ? '' 
 `` how are the engines ? '' 
 she asked , grabbing a wall-mounted handle to stay attached to the slowly turning room . 
 `` all working within tolerance , '' vogel said . 
 `` i am now doing a diagnostic on the reactor . 
 i am thinking that johanssen is busy with the launching training . 
 so perhaps i do this diagnostic for her . '' 
 `` good idea , '' lewis said . 
 `` and how 's our course ? '' 
 `` all is well , '' vogel said . 
 `` no adjustments necessary . 
 we are still on track to planned trajectory within 4 meters . '' 
 `` keep me posted if anything changes . '' 
 `` ja , commander . '' 
 floating to the other side of the core , lewis took the other ladder out , again gaining gravity as she went `` down '' . 
 she made her way to the airlock 2 ready room . 
 beck held a coil of metal wire in one hand and a pair of work gloves in the other . 
 `` heya , commander . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to know your plan for recovering mark . '' 
 `` easy enough if the intercept is good , '' beck said . 
 `` i just finished attaching all the tethers we have into one long line . 
 it 's 214 meters long . 
 i 'll have the mmu pack on , so moving around will be easy . 
 i can get going up to around 10 meters per second safely . 
 any more and i risk breaking the tether if i ca n't stop in time . '' 
 `` how fast a relative velocity can you handle , you think ? '' 
 `` you mean once i get to mark ? 
 i can grab the mav easily at 5 meters per second . 
 10 meters per second is kind of like jumping on to a moving train . 
 anything more than that and i might miss . '' 
 `` so , including the mmu safe speed , we need to get within 20 meters per second of his velocity . '' 
 `` and the intercept has to be within 214 meters , '' beck said . 
 `` pretty narrow margin of error . '' 
 `` we 've got a lot of leeway , '' lewis said . 
 `` the launch will be 52 minutes before the intercept and it takes 12 minutes . 
 as soon as mark 's s2 engine cuts out we 'll know our intercept point and velocity . 
 if we do n't like it , we 'll have 40 minutes to correct . 
 our engine 's 2 millimeters per second may not seem like much , but in 40 minutes it can move us up to 5.7 kilometers . '' 
 `` good , '' beck said . 
 `` and 214 meters is n't a hard limit , per se . '' 
 `` yes it is , '' lewis corrected . 
 `` nah , '' beck said . 
 `` i know i 'm not supposed to go untethered , but without my leash i could get way out there - '' `` not an option . '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` but we could double or even triple our safe intercept range - '' `` we 're done talking about this . '' 
 lewis said sternly . 
 `` aye , commander . '' 
 log entry : sol 526 there are n't many people who can say they 've vandalized a three billion dollar spacecraft . 
 but i 'm one of them . 
 i 've been pulling critical hardware out of the mav left and right . 
 it 's nice to know that my launch to orbit wo n't have any pesky back-up systems weighing me down . 
 first thing i did was remove the small stuff . 
 then came the things i could disassemble . 
 like the crew seats , several of the back-up systems , and the control panels . 
 i 'm not improvising anything . 
 i 'm following a script sent by nasa , which was set up to make things as easy as possible . 
 sometimes i miss the days when i made all the decisions myself . 
 then i shake it off and remember i 'm infinitely better with a bunch of geniuses deciding what i do than making shit up as i go along . 
 periodically , i suit up , crawl into the airlock with as much junk as i can fit , and dump it outside . 
 the area around the mav looks like the set of sanford and son . 
 i learned about sanford and son from lewis 's collection . 
 seriously , that woman needs to see someone about her 70 's problem . 
 log entry : sol 529 i 'm turning my pee in to rocket fuel . 
 it 's easier than you 'd think . 
 urine is mostly water . 
 separating hydrogen and oxygen only requires a couple of electrodes and some current . 
 the problem is collecting the hydrogen . 
 i do n't have any equipment for pulling hydrogen out of the air . 
 the atmospheric regulator does n't even know how . 
 the last time i had to get hydrogen out of the air -lrb- back when i turned the hab in to a bomb -rrb- i burned it to turn it in to water . 
 obviously that would be counter-productive . 
 but nasa thought everything through and gave me a process . 
 first , i disconnected the rover and trailer from each other . 
 then , while wearing my eva suit , i depressurized the trailer and back-filled it with pure oxygen at one fourth of an atmosphere . 
 then i opened a plastic box full of urine and put a couple of electrodes in . 
 that 's why i needed the atmosphere . 
 without it , the urine would just boil immediately and i 'd be hanging around in an piss-based atmosphere . 
 the electrolysis separated the hydrogen and oxygen from each other . 
 over time , it reduced the urine to a really gross sludge as it pulled the water out . 
 now the trailer was full of even more oxygen and also hydrogen . 
 pretty dangerous , actually . 
 then i fired up the atmospheric regulator . 
 it does n't even recognize hydrogen , but it knows how to yank oxygen out of the air . 
 i broke all the safeties and set it to pull 100 % of the oxygen out . 
 after it was done , all that was left was hydrogen . 
 that 's why i started out with an atmosphere of pure oxygen . 
 so the regulator could separate it later . 
 then i opened the inner airlock door and had it evacuate the trailer . 
 it pumped all the air in to the airlock 's holding tank . 
 and there you have it , a tank of pure hydrogen . 
 the final step was to take the airlock 's holding tank to the mav and transfer the contents to the mav 's hydrogen tanks . 
 i 've said this many times before but : hurray for standardized valve systems ! 
 once i fed it the hydrogen , i fired up the fuel plant and it got to work making the additional fuel i 'd need . 
 i 'll need to go through this process several more times as the launch date approaches . 
 i could have done this all at once , but nasa does n't want me to run low on water until we 're close to launch . 
 they 'd rather i electrolyze urine over time because i 've already `` used '' that water . 
 if i survive this , i 'll tell people i pissed my way in to orbit . 
 -lsb- 19:22 -rsb- johanssen : hello , mark . 
 -lsb- 19:23 -rsb- mav : johanssen !? 
 holy crap ! 
 they finally letting you talk to me directly ? 
 -lsb- 19:24 -rsb- johanssen : yes , nasa gave the ok for direct communication an hour ago . 
 we 're only 35 light-seconds apart , so we can talk in near-realtime . 
 i just set up the system and i 'm testing it out . 
 -lsb- 19:24 -rsb- mav : what took them so long to let us talk ? 
 -lsb- 19:25 -rsb- johanssen : the psych team was worried about personality conflicts . 
 -lsb- 19:25 -rsb- mav : what ? 
 just cause you guys abandoned me on a godforsaken planet with no chance of survival ? 
 -lsb- 19:26 -rsb- johanssen : funny . 
 do n't make that kind of joke with lewis . 
 -lsb- 19:27 -rsb- mav : roger . 
 so uh ... thanks for coming back to get me . 
 -lsb- 19:27 -rsb- johanssen : it 's the least we could do . 
 how is the mav retrofit going ? 
 -lsb- 19:28 -rsb- mav : so far , so good . 
 nasa put a lot of thought into the procedures . 
 they work . 
 that 's not to say they 're easy . 
 i spent the last 3 days removing hull panel 19 and the front window . 
 even in mars-g they 're heavy motherfuckers . 
 -lsb- 19:29 -rsb- johanssen : when we pick you up , i will make wild , passionate love to you . 
 prepare your body . 
 -lsb- 19:29 -rsb- johanssen : i did n't type that ! 
 that was martinez ! 
 i stepped away from the console for like 10 seconds ! 
 -lsb- 19:29 -rsb- mav : i 've really missed you guys . 
 log entry : sol 543 i 'm ... done ? 
 i think i 'm done . 
 i did everything on the list . 
 the mav is ready to fly . 
 and in 6 sols , that 's just what it 'll do . 
 i hope . 
 it might not launch at all . 
 i did remove an engine , after all . 
 i could have fucked up all sorts of things during that process . 
 and there 's no way to test the ascent stage . 
 once you light it , it 's lit . 
 everything else , however , will go through tests from now until launch . 
 some done by me , some done remotely by nasa . 
 they 're not telling me the failure odds , but i 'm guessing they 're the highest in history . 
 yuri gagarin had a much more reliable and safe ship than i do . 
 and soviet ships were fucking deathtraps . 
 `` all right , '' lewis said , `` tomorrow 's the big day . '' 
 the crew floated in the rec . 
 they had halted the rotation of the ship in preparation for the upcoming operation . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' martinez said . 
 `` johanssen threw everything she could at me . 
 i got all scenarios to orbit . '' 
 `` everything other than catastrophic failures , '' johanssen corrected . 
 `` well yeah , '' martinez said . 
 `` kind of pointless to simulate an ascent explosion . 
 nothing we can do . '' 
 `` vogel , '' lewis said , `` how 's our course . '' 
 `` it is perfect , '' vogel said . 
 `` we are within one meter of projected path and two centimeters per second of projected velocity . '' 
 `` good , '' she said . 
 `` beck , how about you ? '' 
 `` everything 's all set up , commander , '' beck said . 
 `` i linked all the tethers i could find and spooled them up in airlock 2 . 
 my suit and mmu are prepped and ready . '' 
 `` ok , '' lewis said . 
 `` the battle plan is pretty obvious . 
 martinez will fly the mav , johanssen will sysop the ascent . 
 beck and vogel , i want you in airlock 2 with the outer door open before the mav even launches . 
 you 'll have to wait 52 minutes , but i do n't want to risk any technical glitches with the airlock or your suits . 
 once we reach intercept , it 'll be beck 's job to get watney . '' 
 `` he might be in bad shape when i get him , '' beck said . 
 `` the stripped-down mav will get up to 12 g 's during the launch . 
 he could be unconscious and may even have internal bleeding . '' 
 `` just as well you 're our doctor , '' lewis said . 
 `` vogel , if all goes according to plan , you 're pulling beck and watney back aboard with the tether . 
 if things go wrong , you 're beck 's backup . '' 
 `` ja , '' vogel said . 
 `` i wish there was more we could do right now , '' lewis said . 
 `` but all we have left is the wait . 
 your work schedules are cleared . 
 all scientific experiments are suspended . 
 sleep if you can , run diagnostics on your equipment if you ca n't . '' 
 `` we 'll get him , commander , '' martinez said . 
 `` 24 hours from now , mark watney will be right here in this room . '' 
 `` let 's hope so , major . '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` dismissed . '' 
 `` final checks for this shift are complete , '' mitch said in to his headset . 
 `` timekeeper . '' 
 `` go , flight , '' said the timekeeper . 
 `` time until mav launch ? '' 
 `` 16 hours , 9 minutes , 40 seconds ... mark . '' 
 `` copy that . 
 all stations : flight director shift change . '' 
 he took his headset off and rubbed his eyes . 
 brendan hutch took the headset from him and put it on . 
 `` all stations , flight director is now brendan hutch . '' 
 `` call me if anything happens , '' mitch said . 
 `` if not , i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` get some sleep , boss , '' brendan said . 
 venkat watched from the observation booth . 
 `` why ask the timekeeper ? '' 
 he mumbled . 
 `` it 's on the huge mission clock in the center screen . '' 
 `` he 's nervous , '' annie said . 
 `` you do n't often see it , but that 's what mitch henderson looks like when he 's nervous . 
 he double and triple checks everything . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' venkat said . 
 `` they 're camping out on the lawn , by the way , '' annie said . 
 `` reporters from all over the world . 
 our press rooms just do n't have enough space . '' 
 `` the media loves a drama , '' he sighed . 
 `` it 'll be over tomorrow , one way or another . '' 
 `` what 's our role in all this ? '' 
 annie said . 
 `` if something goes wrong , what can mission control do ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' venkat said . 
 `` not a damned thing . '' 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 `` it 's all happening 12 light-minutes away . 
 that means it takes 24 minutes for them to get the answer to any question they ask . 
 the whole launch is 12 minutes long . 
 they 're on their own . '' 
 `` oh , '' annie said . 
 `` so we 're just observers in all this ? '' 
 `` yes , '' venkat said . 
 `` sucks , does n't it ? '' 
 log entry : sol 549 i 'd be lying if i said i was n't shitting myself . 
 in 4 hours , i 'm going to ride a giant explosion into orbit . 
 this is something i 've done a few times before , but never with a jury-rigged mess like this . 
 right now , i 'm sitting in the mav . 
 i 'm suited up because there 's a big hole in the front of the ship where the window and part of the hull used to be . 
 i 'm `` awaiting launch instructions . '' 
 really , i 'm just awaiting launch . 
 i do n't have any part in this . 
 i 'm just going to sit in the acceleration couch and hope for the best . 
 last night , i ate my final meal pack . 
 it 's the first good meal i 've had in weeks . 
 i 'm leaving 41 potatoes behind . 
 that 's how close i came to starvation . 
 i carefully collected samples from my entire journey . 
 but i ca n't bring any of them with me . 
 so i put them in a container a few hundred meters from here . 
 maybe some day they 'll send a probe to collect them . 
 may as well make them easy to pick up . 
 this is it . 
 there 's nothing after this . 
 there is n't even an abort procedure . 
 why make one ? 
 we ca n't delay the launch . 
 hermes ca n't stop and wait . 
 no matter what , we 're launching on schedule . 
 i face the very real possibility that i 'll die today . 
 ca n't say i like it . 
 it would n't be so bad if the mav blew up . 
 i would n't know what hit me . 
 if i miss the intercept i 'll just float around in space until i run out of air . 
 i have a contingency plan for that . 
 i 'll drop the oxygen mixture to zero and breathe pure nitrogen until i suffocate . 
 it would n't feel bad . 
 the lungs do n't have the ability to sense lack of oxygen . 
 i 'd just get tired , fall asleep , then die . 
 i 've had my last martian potato . 
 i 've slept in the rover for the last time . 
 i 've had my last eva on the surface . 
 i 'm leaving mars today , one way or another . 
 about fucking time . 
 chapter 26 they gathered . 
 everywhere on earth , they gathered . 
 from trafalgar square to tienanmen square to times square , they watched on giant screens . 
 in offices they huddled around computer monitors . 
 in bars , they stared silently at the tv in the corner . 
 in homes they sat breathlessly on their couches , their eyes glued to the story playing out . 
 in chicago , a couple clutched each other 's hands as they watched . 
 the man held his wife gently as she rocked back and forth out of sheer terror . 
 the nasa representative knew not to disturb them , but stood ready to answer any questions should they ask . 
 `` fuel pressure green , '' johanssen 's voice said from a billion televisions . 
 `` engine alignment perfect . 
 communications 5 by 5 . 
 we are ready for preflight checklist , commander . '' 
 `` copy , '' came lewis 's voice . 
 `` capcom '' `` go , '' johanssen responded . 
 `` guidance . '' 
 `` go , '' johanssen said again . 
 `` remote command . '' 
 `` go , '' said martinez . 
 `` pilot . '' 
 `` go , '' said watney from the mav . 
 a mild cheer coruscated through the crowds worldwide . 
 mitch sat at his station in mission control . 
 they monitored everything and were ready to help in any way the could . 
 the communication latency between hermes and earth made any such need highly unlikely . 
 `` telemetry , '' lewis 's voice said over the speakers . 
 `` go , '' johanssen responded . 
 `` recovery , '' she continued . 
 `` go , '' said beck from the airlock . 
 `` secondary recovery . '' 
 `` go , '' said vogel from beside beck . 
 `` mission control , this is hermes actual , '' lewis reported . 
 `` we are go for launch and will proceed on schedule . 
 we are t minus four minutes , 10 seconds to launch ... mark . '' 
 `` did you get that , timekeeper ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` affirmative , flight , '' came the response . 
 `` our clocks are synched with theirs . '' 
 `` not that we can do anything , '' mitch mumbled , `` but at least we 'll know what 's supposedly happening . '' 
 `` about four minutes , mark , '' lewis said into her mic . 
 `` how you doing down there ? '' 
 `` eager to get up there , commander , '' watney responded . 
 `` we 're going to make that happen , '' lewis said . 
 `` remember , you 'll be pulling some pretty heavy g 's . 
 it 's ok to pass out . 
 you 're in martinez 's hands . '' 
 `` tell that asshole no barrel-rolls . '' 
 `` copy that , mav , '' lewis said . 
 `` four more minutes , '' martinez said , cracking his knuckles . 
 `` you ready for some flying , beth ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it 'll be strange to sysop a launch and stay in zero-g the whole time . '' 
 `` i had n't thought of it that way , '' martinez said , `` but yeah . 
 i 'm not going to be squashed against the back my seat . 
 weird . '' 
 beck floated in the airlock , tethered to a wall-mounted spool . 
 vogel stood beside him , his boots clamped to the floor . 
 both stared through the open outer door to the red planet below . 
 `` did n't think i 'd be back here again , '' beck said . 
 `` yes , '' vogel said . 
 `` we are the first . '' 
 `` first what ? '' 
 `` we are the first to visit mars twice . '' 
 `` oh yeah . 
 even watney ca n't say that . '' 
 `` he can not . '' 
 they looked at mars in silence for a while . 
 `` vogel , '' beck said . 
 `` ja . '' 
 `` if i ca n't reach mark , i want you to release my tether . '' 
 `` doctor beck , '' vogel said , `` the commander has said no to this . '' 
 `` i know what the commander said , but if i need a few more meters , i want you to cut me loose . 
 i have an mmu , i can get back without a tether . '' 
 `` i will not do this , doctor beck . '' 
 `` it 's my own life at risk , and i say it 's ok . '' 
 `` you are not the commander . '' 
 beck scowled at vogel , but with their reflective visors down , the effect was lost . 
 `` fine , '' beck said . 
 `` but i bet you 'll change your mind if push comes to shove . '' 
 vogel did not respond . 
 `` t-minus 10 , '' said johanssen , `` 9 ... 8 ... '' `` main engines start , '' said martinez . 
 `` 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... mooring clamps released ... '' `` about 5 seconds , watney , '' lewis said to her headset . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 `` see you in a few , commander , '' watney radioed back . 
 `` 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... '' watney lay in the acceleration couch as the mav rumbled in anticipation of liftoff . 
 `` hmm , '' he said to nobody . 
 `` i wonder how much longer - '' the mav launched with incredible force . 
 more than any manned ship had accelerated in the history of space travel . 
 watney was shoved in to his couch so hard he could n't even grunt . 
 having anticipated this , he had placed a folded up shirt behind his head in the helmet . 
 as his head pressed firmly in to the makeshift cushion , the edges of his vision became blurry . 
 he could neither breathe nor move . 
 directly in his field of view , the hab canvas patch flapped violently as the ship exponentially gained speed . 
 concentration became difficult , but something in the back of his mind told him that was bad . 
 `` velocity 741 meters per second , '' johanssen quickly called out . 
 `` altitude 1350 meters . '' 
 `` copy , '' martinez said . 
 `` that 's low , '' lewis said . 
 `` too low . '' 
 `` i know , '' martinez said . 
 `` it 's sluggish ; fighting me . 
 what the fuck is going on ? '' 
 `` velocity 850 , altitude 1843 , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i 'm not getting the power i need ! '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` engine power at 100 % , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i 'm telling you it 's sluggish , '' martinez insisted . 
 `` watney , '' lewis said to her headset . 
 `` watney , do you read ? 
 can you report ? '' 
 watney heard lewis 's voice in the distance . 
 like someone talking to him through a long tunnel . 
 he vaguely wondered what she wanted . 
 his attention was briefly drawn to the fluttering canvas ahead of him . 
 a rip had appeared and was rapidly widening . 
 but then he was distracted by a bolt in one of the bulkheads . 
 it only had five sides . 
 he wondered why nasa decided that bolt needed five sides instead of six . 
 it would require a special wrench to tighten or loosen . 
 the canvas tore even further , the tattered material flapping wildly . 
 through the opening , watney saw red sky stretching out infinitely ahead . 
 `` that 's nice , '' he thought . 
 as the mav flew higher , the atmosphere grew thinner . 
 soon , the canvas stopped fluttering and simply stretched toward mark . 
 the sky shifted from red to black . 
 `` that 's nice , too , '' mark thought . 
 as consciousness slipped away , he wondered where he could get a cool 5-sided bolt like that . 
 `` i 'm getting more response now , '' martinez said . 
 `` back on track with full acceleration , '' johanssen said . 
 `` must have been drag . 
 mav 's out of the atmosphere now . '' 
 `` it was like flying a cow , '' martinez grumbled , his hands racing over his controls . 
 `` can you get him up ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` he 'll get to orbit , '' johanssen said , `` but the intercept course may be compromised . '' 
 `` get him up first , '' lewis said . 
 `` then we 'll worry about intercept . '' 
 `` copy . 
 main engine cut-off in 15 seconds . '' 
 `` much smoother now , '' martinez said . 
 `` it 's not fighting me at all anymore . '' 
 `` well below target altitude , '' johanssen said . 
 `` velocity is good . '' 
 `` how far below ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` ca n't say for sure , '' johanssen said . 
 `` all i have is accelerometer data . 
 we 'll need radar pings at intervals to work out his true final orbit . '' 
 `` back to automatic guidance , '' martinez said . 
 `` main shutdown in 4 , '' johanssen said `` 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... shutdown . '' 
 `` confirm shutdown , '' martinez said . 
 `` watney , you there ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` watney ? 
 watney , do you read ? '' 
 `` probably passed out , commander , '' beck said over the radio . 
 `` he pulled 12 g 's on the ascent . 
 give him a few minutes . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` johanssen , got his orbit yet ? '' 
 `` i have interval pings . 
 working out our intercept range and velocity ... '' martinez and lewis stared intensely at johanssen as she brought up the intercept calculation software . 
 normally , orbits would be worked out by vogel , but he was otherwise engaged . 
 johanssen was his backup for orbital dynamics . 
 `` intercept velocity will be 11 meters per second ... '' she began . 
 `` i can make that work , '' beck said over the radio . 
 `` distance at intercept will be - '' she stopped and choked . 
 shakily , she continued . 
 `` we 'll be 68 kilometers apart . '' 
 she buried her face in her hands . 
 `` did she say 68 kilometers !? '' 
 beck said . 
 `` kilometers !? '' 
 `` god damn it , '' martinez whispered . 
 `` keep it together , '' lewis said . 
 `` work the problem . 
 martinez , is there any juice in the mav ? '' 
 `` negative , commander , '' martinez responded . 
 `` they ditched the oms system to lighten the launch weight . '' 
 `` then we 'll have to go to him . 
 johanssen , time to intercept ? '' 
 `` 39 minutes , 12 seconds , '' johanssen said , trying not to quaver . 
 `` vogel , '' lewis continued , `` how far can we deflect in 39 minutes with the ion engines ? '' 
 `` perhaps 5 kilometers , '' he radioed . 
 `` not enough , '' lewis said . 
 `` martinez , what if we point our attitude thrusters all the same direction ? '' 
 `` depends on how much fuel we want to save for attitude adjustments on the trip home . '' 
 `` how much do you need ? '' 
 `` i could get by with maybe 20 percent of what 's left . '' 
 `` all right , if you used the other 80 percent - '' `` checking , '' martinez said , running the numbers on his console . 
 `` we 'd get a delta-v of 31 meters per second . '' 
 `` johanssen , '' lewis said . 
 `` math . '' 
 `` in 39 minutes we 'd deflect ... '' johanssen quickly typed , `` 72 kilometers ! '' 
 `` there we go , '' lewis said . 
 `` how much fuel - '' `` use 75.5 percent of remaining attitude adjust fuel , '' johanssen said . 
 `` that 'll bring the intercept range to zero . '' 
 `` do it , '' lewis said . 
 `` aye , commander . '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` hold on , '' johanssen said . 
 `` that 'll get the intercept range to zero , but the intercept velocity will be 42 meters per second . '' 
 `` then we have 39 minutes to figure out how to slow down , '' lewis said . 
 `` martinez , burn the jets . '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` whoa , '' annie said to venkat . 
 `` a lot of shit just happened really fast . 
 explain . '' 
 venkat strained to hear to speaker over the murmur of the vips in the observation booth . 
 through the glass he saw mitch throw his hands up in frustration . 
 `` the launch missed badly , '' venkat said , looking past mitch to the screens beyond . 
 `` the intercept distance was going to be way too big . 
 so they 're using the attitude adjusters to close the gap . '' 
 `` what do attitude adjusters usually do ? '' 
 `` they rotate the ship . 
 they 're not made for thrusting it . 
 hermes does n't have quick reaction engines . 
 just the slow steady ion engines . '' 
 `` so ... problem solved ? '' 
 annie said hopefully . 
 `` no , '' venkat said . 
 `` they 'll get to him , but they 'll be going 42 meters per second when they get there . '' 
 `` how fast is that ? '' 
 annie asked . 
 `` about 90 miles per hour , '' venkat said . 
 `` there 's no hope of beck grabbing watney at that speed . '' 
 `` can they use the attitude adjusters to slow down ? '' 
 `` they used all the fuel they could to close the gap in time . 
 they do n't have enough to slow down . '' 
 venkat frowned . 
 `` so what can they do ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` and even if i did , i could n't tell them in time . '' 
 `` well fuck , '' annie said . 
 `` yeah , '' venkat agreed . 
 `` watney , '' lewis said `` do you read ? '' 
 `` watney ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` commander , '' beck radioed . 
 `` he 's wearing a surface eva suit , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` it should have a bio-monitor , '' beck said . 
 `` and it 'll be broadcasting . 
 it 's not a strong signal ; it 's only designed to go a couple hundred meters to the rover or hab . 
 but maybe we can pick it up . '' 
 `` johanssen , '' lewis said . 
 `` on it , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i have to look up the frequencies in the tech specs . 
 gim me a second . '' 
 `` martinez , '' lewis continued . 
 `` any idea how to slow down ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i got nothin ' , commander . 
 we 're just going too damn fast . '' 
 `` vogel ? '' 
 `` the ion drive is simply not strong enough , '' vogel replied . 
 `` there 's got to be something , '' lewis said . 
 `` something we can do . 
 anything . '' 
 `` got his biomonitor data , '' johanssen said . 
 `` pulse 58 , blood pressure 98/61 . '' 
 `` that 's not bad , '' beck said . 
 `` lower than i 'd like but he 's been in mars gravity for 18 months , so it 's expected . '' 
 `` time to intercept ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` 32 minutes , '' johanssen replied . 
 blissful unconsciousness became foggy awareness which transitioned into painful reality . 
 watney opened his eyes , then winced at the pain in his chest . 
 little remained of the canvas . 
 tatters floated along the edge of the hole it once covered . 
 this granted watney an unobstructed view of mars from orbit . 
 the great red planet 's horizon stretched out seemingly forever as the wispy atmosphere gave it a fuzzy edge . 
 only 18 people in history had personally seen this view . 
 `` fuck you , '' he said to the planet below . 
 reaching toward the controls on his arm , he winced . 
 trying again , more slowly this time , he activated his radio . 
 `` mav to hermes . '' 
 `` watney !? '' 
 came the reply . 
 `` affirmative . 
 that you , commander ? '' 
 watney said . 
 `` affirmative . 
 what 's your status ? '' 
 `` i 'm on a ship with no control panel , '' he said . 
 `` that 's as much as i can tell you . '' 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` my chest hurts . 
 i think i broke a rib . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` we 're working on getting you , '' lewis said . 
 `` there was a complication in the launch . '' 
 `` yeah , '' watney said , looking out the hole in the ship . 
 `` the canvas did n't hold . 
 i think it ripped early in the ascent . '' 
 `` that 's consistent with what we saw during the launch . '' 
 `` how bad is it , commander ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we were able to correct the intercept range with hermes 's attitude thrusters . 
 but there 's a problem with the intercept velocity . '' 
 `` how big a problem . '' 
 `` 42 meters per second . '' 
 `` well shit . '' 
 `` hey , at least he 's ok for the moment , '' martinez said . 
 `` beck , '' lewis said . 
 `` i 'm coming around to your way of thinking . 
 how fast can you get going if you 're untethered ? '' 
 `` sorry , commander , '' beck said . 
 `` i already ran the numbers . 
 at best i could get 25 meters per second . 
 even if i could get to 42 , i 'd need another 42 to match hermes when i came back . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` hey , '' watney said over the radio , `` i 've got an idea . '' 
 `` of course you do , '' lewis said . 
 `` what do you got ? '' 
 `` i could find something sharp in here and poke a hole in the glove of my eva suit . 
 i could use the escaping air as a thruster and fly my way to you . 
 the source of thrust would be on my arm , so i 'd be able to direct it pretty easily . '' 
 `` how does he come up with this shit ? '' 
 martinez interjected . 
 `` hmm , '' lewis said . 
 `` could you get 42 meters per second that way ? '' 
 `` no idea , '' watney said . 
 `` i ca n't see you having any control if you did that , '' lewis said . 
 `` you 'd be eyeballing the intercept and using a thrust vector you can barely control . '' 
 `` i admit it 's fatally dangerous , '' watney said . 
 `` but consider this : i 'd get to fly around like iron man . '' 
 `` we 'll keep working on ideas , '' lewis said . 
 `` iron man , commander . 
 iron man . '' 
 `` standby , '' lewis said . 
 she furrowed her brow . 
 `` hmm ... maybe it 's not such a bad idea ... '' `` you kidding , commander ? '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` it 's a terrible idea . 
 he 'd shoot off in to space - '' `` not the whole idea , but part of it , '' she said . 
 `` using atmosphere as thrust . 
 martinez , get vogel 's station up and running . '' 
 `` ok , '' martinez said , typing at his keyboard . 
 the screen changed to vogel 's workstation . 
 he quickly changed the language from german to english . 
 `` it 's up . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 `` vogel 's got software for calculating course offsets caused by hull breaches , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' martinez said . 
 `` it estimates course corrections needed in the event of - '' `` yeah , yeah , '' lewis said . 
 `` fire it up . 
 i want to know what happens if we blow the val . '' 
 johanssen and martinez looked at each other . 
 `` um . 
 yes , commander , '' martinez said . 
 `` the vehicular airlock ? '' 
 johanssen said . 
 `` you want to ... open it ? '' 
 `` plenty of air in the ship , '' lewis said . 
 `` it 'd give us a good kick . '' 
 `` ye-es ... '' martinez said as he brought up the software . 
 `` and it might blow the nose of the ship off in the process . '' 
 `` also , all the air would leave , '' johanssen felt compelled to add . 
 `` we 'll seal the bridge and reactor room . 
 we can let everywhere else go vacuo , but we do n't want explosive decompression in here or near the reactor . '' 
 martinez entered the scenario in to the software . 
 `` i think we 'll just have the same problem as watney , but on a larger scale . 
 we ca n't direct that thrust . '' 
 `` we do n't have to , '' lewis said . 
 `` the val is in the nose . 
 escaping air would make a thrust vector through our center of mass . 
 we just need to point the ship directly away from where we want to go . '' 
 `` ok i have the numbers , '' martinez said . 
 `` a breach at the val , with the bridge and reactor room sealed off , would accelerate us 29 meters per second . '' 
 `` we 'd have a relative velocity of 13 meters per second afterward , '' johanssen supplied . 
 `` beck , '' lewis radioed , `` have you been hearing all this ? '' 
 `` affirmative , commander , '' beck said . '' 
 `` can you do 13 meters per second ? '' 
 `` it 'll be risky , '' beck replied , `` 13 to match the mav then another 13 to match hermes . 
 but it 's a hell of a lot better than 42 . '' 
 `` johanssen , '' lewis said . 
 `` time to intercept ? '' 
 `` 18 minutes , commander . '' 
 `` what kind of jolt will we feel with that breach ? '' 
 lewis asked to martinez . 
 `` the air will take 4 seconds to evacuate , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll feel a little less than one g. '' `` watney , '' she said to her headset , `` we have a plan . '' 
 `` yay ! 
 a plan ! '' 
 watney replied . 
 `` houston , '' lewis 's voice rang through mission control , `` be advised we are going to deliberately breach the val to produce thrust . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 mitch said . 
 `` what !? '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` oh ... my god , '' venkat said in the observation room . 
 `` fuck me raw , '' annie said , getting up . 
 `` i better get to the press room . 
 any parting knowledge before i go ? '' 
 `` they 're going to breach the ship , '' venkat said , still dumbfounded . 
 `` they 're going to deliberately breach the ship . 
 oh my god ... '' `` got it , '' annie said , jogging to the door . 
 `` how will we open the airlock doors ? '' 
 martinez asked . 
 `` there 's no way to open them remotely , and if anyone 's nearby when it blows - '' `` right , '' lewis said . 
 `` we can open one door with the other shut , but how do we open the other ? '' 
 she thought for a moment . 
 `` vogel , '' she radioed . 
 `` i need you to come back in and make a bomb . '' 
 `` um . 
 again , please , commander ? '' 
 vogel replied . 
 `` a bomb , '' lewis confirmed . 
 `` you 're a chemist . 
 can you make a bomb out of stuff on board ? '' 
 `` ja , '' vogel said . 
 `` we have flammables and pure oxygen . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` it is of course dangerous to set off an explosive device on a spacecraft , '' vogel said pragmatically . 
 `` so make it small , '' lewis said . 
 `` it just needs to poke a hole in the inner airlock door . 
 any hole will do . 
 if it blows the door off that 's fine . 
 if it does n't , the air will get out slower , but for longer . 
 the momentum change is the same and we 'll get the acceleration we need . '' 
 `` pressurizing airlock-2 , '' vogel reported . 
 `` how will we activate this bomb ? '' 
 `` johanssen ? '' 
 lewis said . 
 `` uh ... '' johanssen said . 
 she picked up her headset and quickly put it on . 
 `` vogel , can you run wires in to it ? '' 
 `` ja , '' vogel said . 
 `` i will use threaded stopper with a small hole for the wires . 
 it will have little effect on the seal . '' 
 `` we could run the wire to lighting panel 41 , '' johanssen said . 
 `` it 's next to the airlock , and i can turn it on and off from here . '' 
 `` there 's our remote trigger , '' lewis said . 
 `` johanssen go set up the lighting panel . 
 vogel , get in here and make the bomb . 
 martinez , go close and seal the doors to the reactor room . '' 
 `` yes commander , '' johanssen said , kicking off her seat toward the hallway . 
 `` commander , '' martinez said , pausing at the exit , `` you want me to bring back some space suits ? '' 
 `` no point , '' lewis said . 
 `` if the seal on the bridge does n't hold we 'll get sucked out at close to the speed of sound . 
 we 'll be jelly with or without suits on . '' 
 `` roger , commander . '' 
 `` are you back in yet , vogel ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` i am just re-entering now , commander . '' 
 `` beck , '' lewis said to her headset . 
 `` i 'll need you back in , too . 
 but do n't take your suit off . '' 
 `` ok , '' beck said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` we 're going to have to literally blow up one of the doors , '' lewis explained . 
 `` i 'd rather we kill the inner one . 
 i want the outer door unharmed so we keep our smooth aerobraking shape . '' 
 `` makes sense . '' 
 beck responded as he floated back in to the ship . 
 `` one problem , '' lewis said . 
 `` i want the outer door locked in the fully open position with the mechanical stopper in place to keep it from being trashed by the decompress . '' 
 `` you have to have someone in the airlock to do that , '' beck said . 
 `` and you ca n't open the inner door if the outer door is locked open . '' 
 `` right , '' lewis said . 
 `` i need you to go to the val , depressurize , and lock the outer door open . 
 then you 'll need to crawl along the hull to get back to airlock 2 . '' 
 `` copy , commander , '' beck said . 
 `` there are latch points all over the hull . 
 i 'll move my tether along , mountain climber style . '' 
 `` get to it , '' lewis said . 
 `` and vogel , you 're in a hurry . 
 you have to make the bomb , set it up , get back to airlock 2 , suit up , depressurize it , and open the outer door so beck can get in . '' 
 `` he 's taking his suit off right now and ca n't reply , '' beck reported , `` but he heard the order . '' 
 `` watney , how you doing ? '' 
 lewis 's voice said in his ear . 
 `` fine so far , commander , '' watney replied . 
 `` you mentioned a plan ? '' 
 `` affirmative , '' she said . 
 `` we 're going to vent atmosphere to get thrust . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` we 're going to blow a hole in the val . '' 
 `` what !? '' 
 watney said . 
 `` how !? '' 
 `` vogel 's making a bomb . '' 
 `` i knew that guy was a mad scientist ! '' 
 watney said . 
 `` i think we should just go with my iron man idea . '' 
 `` that 's too risky and you know it , '' she replied . 
 `` thing is , '' watney said , `` i 'm selfish . 
 i want the memorials back home to be just for me . 
 i do n't want the rest of you losers in them . 
 i ca n't let you guys blow the val . '' 
 `` oh , '' lewis said . 
 `` well if you wo n't let us then - wait ... wait a minute ... i 'm looking at my shoulder patch and it turns out i 'm the commander . 
 sit tight . 
 we 're coming to get you . '' 
 `` smart-ass . '' 
 being a chemist , vogel knew how to make a bomb . 
 in fact , much of his training was to avoid making them by mistake . 
 the ship had few flammables aboard , due to the fatal danger of fire . 
 but food , by its very nature , contained flammable hydrocarbons . 
 lacking time to sit down and do the math , he estimated . 
 sugar has 4000 food-calories per kilogram . 
 one food-calorie is 4184 joules . 
 sugar in zero-g will float and the grains will separate , maximizing surface area . 
 in a pure oxygen environment , 16.7 million joules will be released for every kilogram of sugar used , releasing the explosive force of 8 sticks of dynamite . 
 such is the nature of combustion in pure oxygen . 
 vogel measured the sugar carefully . 
 he poured it into the strongest container he could find , a thick glass beaker . 
 the strength of the container was as important as the explosive . 
 a weak container would simply cause a fireball without much concussive force . 
 a strong container , however , would contain the pressure until it reached trus destructive potential . 
 he quickly drilled a hole in the stopper , then stripped a section of wire . 
 he ran the wire through the hole . 
 `` sehr gefahrlich , '' he mumbled as he poured liquid oxygen from the ship 's supply in to the container , then quickly screwed the stopper on . 
 in just a few minutes , he had made a rudimentary pipe bomb . 
 `` sehr , sehr , gefahrlich , '' he floated out of the lab and made his way toward the nose of the ship . 
 johanssen worked on the lighting panel as beck floated toward the airlock . 
 she grabbed his arm . 
 `` be careful crawling along the hull . '' 
 he turned to face her . 
 `` be careful setting up the bomb . '' 
 she kissed his faceplate then looked away , embarrassed . 
 `` that was stupid . 
 do n't tell anyone i did that . '' 
 `` do n't tell anyone i liked it , '' beck smiled . 
 he entered the airlock and sealed the inner door . 
 after depressurizing , he opened the outer door and locked it in place . 
 grabbing a handrail on the hull , he pulled himself out . 
 johanssen watched until he was no longer in view , then returned to the lighting panel . 
 she had deactivated it earlier from her workstation . 
 pulling a length of the cable out and stripping the ends , she fiddled with a roll of electrical tape until vogel arrived . 
 he showed up just a minute later , carefully floating down the hall with the bomb held in both hands . 
 `` i have used a single wire for igniting , '' he explained . 
 `` i did not want to risk two wires for a spark . 
 it would be dangerous to us if we had static while setting up . '' 
 `` how do we set it off ? '' 
 johanssen said . 
 `` the wire must reach a high temperature . 
 if you short power through it , that will be sufficient . '' 
 `` i 'll have to pin the breaker , '' johanssen said , `` but it 'll work . '' 
 she twisted the lighting wires to the bomb 's and taped them off . 
 `` excuse me , '' vogel said . 
 `` i have to return to airlock 2 to let dr. beck back in . '' 
 `` mm , '' johanssen said . 
 martinez floated back in to the bridge . 
 `` i had a few minutes , so i ran through the aerobrake lockdown checklist for the reactor room . 
 everything 's ready for acceleration and the compartment 's sealed off . '' 
 `` good thinking , '' lewis said . 
 `` prep the attitude correction . '' 
 `` roger , commander . '' 
 martinez said , drifting to his station . 
 `` it 'll take me a sec ... i need to do everything backward . 
 the val 's in front , so the source of thrust will be exactly opposite to our engines . 
 our software was n't expecting us to have an engine there . 
 i just need to tell it we plan to thrust toward mark . '' 
 `` take your time and get it right , '' lewis said . 
 `` and do n't execute till i give you the word . 
 we 're not spinning the ship around while beck 's out on the hull . '' 
 `` roger . '' 
 he said . 
 after a moment , he added `` ok , the adjustment 's ready to execute . '' 
 `` standby . '' 
 lewis said . 
 vogel , back in his suit , depressurized airlock 2 and opened the outer door . 
 `` bout time , '' beck said , climbing in . 
 `` sorry for the delay , '' vogel said . 
 `` i was required to make a bomb . '' 
 `` this has been kind of a weird day , '' beck said . 
 `` commander , vogel and i are in position . '' 
 `` copy , '' came lewis 's response . 
 `` get up against the fore wall of the airlock . 
 it 's going to be about one g for four seconds . 
 make sure you 're both tethered in . '' 
 `` copy , '' beck said as he attached his tether . 
 the two men pressed themselves against the wall . 
 `` ok , martinez , '' lewis said , `` point us the right direction . '' 
 `` copy , '' said martinez , executing the attitude adjustment . 
 johanssen floated in to the bridge as the adjustment was performed . 
 the room rotated around her as she reached for a handhold . 
 `` the bomb 's ready , and the breaker 's jammed closed , '' she said . 
 `` i can set it off by remotely turning on lighting panel 41 . '' 
 `` seal the bridge and get to your station , '' lewis said . 
 `` copy , '' johanssen said . 
 unstowing the emergency seal , she plugged the entrance to the bridge . 
 with a few turns of the crank , the job was done . 
 she returned to her station and ran a quick test . 
 `` increasing bridge pressure to 1.03 atmospheres ... pressure is steady we have a good seal . '' 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 `` time to intercept ? '' 
 `` 28 seconds , '' johanssen said . 
 `` wow , '' martinez said . 
 `` we cut that pretty close . '' 
 `` you ready , johanssen ? '' 
 lewis asked . 
 `` yes , '' johanssen said . 
 `` all i have to do is hit enter . '' 
 `` martinez , how 's our angle ? '' 
 `` dead-on , commander , '' martinez reported . 
 `` strap in , '' lewis said . 
 the three of them tightened the restraints of their chairs . 
 `` 20 seconds , '' johanssen said . 
 teddy took his seat in the vip room . 
 `` what 's the status ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` 15 seconds till they blow the val , '' venkat said . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 `` on the phone with the president , '' teddy said . 
 `` do you think this will work ? '' 
 `` i have no idea , '' venkat said . 
 `` i 've never felt this helpless in my life . '' 
 `` if it 's any consolation , '' teddy said , `` pretty much everyone in the world feels the same way . '' 
 on the other side of the glass , mitch paced to and fro . 
 `` 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... '' johanssen said . 
 `` brace for acceleration , '' lewis said . 
 `` 2 ... 1 ... '' johanssen continued . 
 `` activating panel 41 . '' 
 she pressed enter . 
 inside vogel 's bomb , the full current of the ship 's internal lighting system flowed through a thin , exposed wire . 
 it quickly reached the ignition temperature of the sugar . 
 what would have been a minor fizzle in earth 's atmosphere became an uncontrolled conflagration in the container 's pure oxygen environment . 
 in under 100 milliseconds , the massive combustion pressure burst the container and the resulting explosion ripped the airlock door to shreds . 
 the internal air of hermes rushed through the open val , blasting hermes in the other direction . 
 vogel and beck were pressed against the wall of airlock 2 . 
 lewis , martinez , and johanssen endured the acceleration in their seats . 
 it was not a dangerous amount of force , in fact it was less than the force of earth 's surface gravity . 
 but it was inconsistent and jerky . 
 after four seconds , the shaking died down and the ship returned to weightlessness . 
 `` reactor room still pressurized , '' martinez reported . 
 `` bridge seal holding , '' johanssen said . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 `` damage ? '' 
 martinez said . 
 `` not sure yet , '' johanssen said . 
 `` i have external camera four pointed along the nose . 
 i do n't see any problems with the hull near the val . '' 
 `` worry about that later , '' lewis said . 
 `` what 's our relative velocity and distance to mav ? '' 
 johanssen typed quickly . 
 `` we 'll get within 22 meters and we 're at 12 meters per second . 
 we actually got better than expected thrust . '' 
 `` watney , '' lewis said . 
 `` it worked . 
 beck 's on his way . '' 
 `` score ! '' 
 watney responded . 
 `` beck , '' lewis said . 
 `` you 're up . 
 12 meters per second . '' 
 `` close enough ! '' 
 beck replied . 
 `` i 'm going to jump out , '' beck said . 
 `` should get me another two or three meters per second . '' 
 `` understood , '' vogel said , loosely gripping beck 's tether . 
 `` good luck , dr. beck . '' 
 placing his feet on the back wall , beck coiled and leaped out of the airlock . 
 once free , he got his bearings . 
 a quick look to his right showed him what he could not see from inside the airlock . 
 `` i have visual ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` i can see mav ! 
 jesus , mark , what did you do to that thing ? '' 
 `` you should see what i did to the rover , '' watney radioed back . 
 beck thrusted on an intercept course . 
 he had practiced this many times . 
 the presumption in those practice sessions was that he 'd be rescuing a crewmate whose tether had broken , but the principle was the same . 
 `` johanssen , '' he said , `` you got me on radar ? '' 
 `` affirmative , '' she replied . 
 `` call out my relative velocity to mark every 2 seconds or so . '' 
 `` copy . 
 5.2 meters per second . '' 
 `` hey beck , '' watney said . 
 `` the front 's wide open . 
 i 'll get up there and be ready to grab at you . '' 
 `` negative , '' interrupted lewis . 
 `` no untethered movement . 
 stay strapped to your chair until you 're latched to beck . '' 
 `` copy , '' watney said . 
 `` 3.1 meters per second , '' johanssen reported . 
 `` going to coast for a bit , '' beck said . 
 `` got ta catch up before i slow it down . '' 
 he rotated himself in preparation for the next burn . 
 `` 11 meters to target , '' johanssen said . 
 `` copy . '' 
 `` 6 meters , '' johanssen said . 
 `` aaaaand , counter-thrusting . '' 
 beck said , firing the mmu thrusters again . 
 the mav loomed before him . 
 `` velocity ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` 1.1 meters per second , '' johanssen said . 
 `` good enough , '' he said , reaching for the ship . 
 `` i 'm drifting toward it . 
 i think i can get my hand on some of the torn canvas ... '' the tattered canvas beckoned as the only handhold on the otherwise smooth ship . 
 beck reached , extending as best he could , and managed to grab hold . 
 `` contact , '' beck said . 
 firming his grip , he pulled his body forward and lashed out with his other hand to grab more canvas . 
 `` firm contact ! '' 
 `` dr. beck , '' vogel said . 
 `` we have past closest approach point and you are now getting further away . 
 you have 169 meters of tether left . 
 enough for 14 seconds . '' 
 `` copy , '' beck said . 
 pulling his head to the opening , he looked inside the compartment to see watney strapped to his chair . 
 `` visual on watney ! '' 
 he reported . 
 `` visual on beck ! '' 
 watney reported . 
 `` how ya doin ' , man ? '' 
 beck said , pulling himself in to the ship . 
 `` i. . . 
 i just ... '' watney said . 
 `` give me a minute . 
 you 're the first person i 've seen in 18 months . '' 
 `` we do n't have a minute , '' beck said , kicking off the wall . 
 `` we 've got 11 seconds before we run out of tether . '' 
 beck 's course took him to the chair where he clumsily collided with watney . 
 the two gripped each others ' arms to keep beck from bouncing away . 
 `` contact with watney ! '' 
 beck said . 
 `` 8 seconds , dr. beck , '' vogel radioed . 
 `` copy , '' beck said as he hastily latched the front of his suit to the front of watney 's with tether clips . 
 `` connected , '' he said . 
 watney released the straps on his chair . 
 `` restraints off . '' 
 `` we 're outa ' here , '' beck said , kicking off the chair toward the opening . 
 the two men floated across the mav cabin to the opening . 
 beck reached out his arm and pushed off the edge as they passed through . 
 `` we 're out , '' beck reported . 
 `` 5 seconds , '' vogel said . 
 `` relative velocity to hermes : 12 meters per second , '' johanssen said . 
 `` thrusting , '' beck said , activating his mmu . 
 the two accelerated toward hermes for a few seconds . 
 then the mmu controls on beck 's heads-up display turned red . 
 `` that 's it for the fuel , '' beck said . 
 `` velocity ? '' 
 `` 5 meters per second , '' johanssen replied . 
 `` standby , '' vogel said . 
 throughout the process , he had been feeding tether out of the airlock . 
 now he gripped the ever-shrinking remainder of the rope with both hands . 
 he did n't clamp down on it ; that would pull him out of the airlock . 
 he simply closed his hands over the tether to create friction . 
 hermes pulled beck and watney along , with vogel 's use of the tether acting as a shock absorber . 
 if vogel used too much force the shock of it would pull the tether free from beck 's suit clips . 
 if he used too little the tether would run out before they matched speeds , then it would have a hard stop at the end , which would also rip it out of beck 's suit clips . 
 vogel managed to find the balance . 
 after a few seconds of tense , gut-feel physics , vogel felt the force on the tether abate . 
 `` velocity 0 ! '' 
 johanssen reported excitedly . 
 `` reel 'em in , vogel , '' lewis said . 
 `` copy , '' vogel said . 
 hand over hand , he slowly pulled his crewmates toward the airlock . 
 after a few seconds , he stopped actively pulling and simply took in the line as they coasted toward him . 
 they floated in to the airlock , and vogel grabbed them . 
 beck and watney both reached for handholds on the wall as vogel worked his way around them and closed the outer door . 
 `` aboard ! '' 
 beck said . 
 `` airlock 2 outer door closed , '' vogel said . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 martinez yelled . 
 `` copy , '' lewis said . 
 lewis 's voice echoed across the world : `` houston , this is hermes actual . 
 six crew safely aboard . '' 
 the control room exploded with applause . 
 leaping from their seats , they cheered , hugged , and cried . 
 the same scene played out all over the world in parks , bars , civic centers , living rooms , classrooms , and offices . 
 mitch haggardly pulled off his headset and turned to face the vip room . 
 through the glass , he saw various well-suited men and women cheering wildly . 
 he looked at venkat and let out a heavy sigh of relief . 
 venkat put his head in his hands and whispered `` thank the gods . '' 
 teddy pulled a blue folder from his briefcase and stood . 
 `` annie will be wanting me in the press room . '' 
 `` guess you do n't need the red folder today , '' venkat said . 
 `` honestly , i did n't make one . '' 
 as he walked out he added `` good work , venk . 
 now get them home . '' 
 log entry : mission day 687 that `` 687 '' caught me off guard for a minute . 
 on hermes , we track time by mission days . 
 it may be sol 549 down on mars , but it 's mission day 687 up here . 
 and you know what ? 
 it does n't matter what time it is on mars cause i 'm not fucking there ! 
 oh my god . 
 i 'm really not on mars anymore . 
 i can tell because there 's no gravity and there are other humans around . 
 i 'm still adjusting . 
 if this were a movie , everyone would have been in the airlock and there would have been high-fives all around . 
 but it did n't pan out that way . 
 i broke two ribs during the mav ascent . 
 they were sore the whole time , but they really started screaming when vogel pulled us in to the airlock by the tether . 
 i did n't want to distract the people who were saving my life so i muted off my mic and screamed like a little girl . 
 it 's true , you know . 
 in space , no one can hear you scream like a little girl . 
 once they got me in to airlock 2 , they opened the inner door and i was finally aboard again . 
 hermes was still in vacuo , so we did n't have to cycle the airlock . 
 beck told me to go limp and pushed me down the corridor toward his quarters -lrb- which serve as the ship 's `` sick bay '' when needed -rrb- . 
 vogel went the other direction and closed the outer val door . 
 once beck and i got to his quarters , we waited for the ship to repressurize . 
 hermes had enough spare air to refill the ship two more times if needed . 
 it 'd be a pretty shitty long-range ship if it could n't recover from a decompression . 
 once johanssen gave us the all clear , dr. bossy-beck made me wait while he first took off his suit , then took off mine . 
 after he pulled my helmet off , he looked shocked . 
 i thought maybe i had a major head-wound or something , but it turns out it was the smell . 
 it 's been a while since i washed ... anything . 
 after that , it was x-rays and chest bandages while the rest of the crew waited outside . 
 then came the -lrb- painful -rrb- high-fives , followed by people staying as far away from my stench as possible . 
 we had a few minutes of reunion before beck shuttled everyone out . 
 he gave me painkillers and told me to shower as soon as i could freely move my arms . 
 so now i 'm waiting for the drugs to kick in . 
 my ribs hurt like hell , my vision is still blurry from acceleration sickness , i 'm really hungry , it 'll be another 211 days before i 'm back on earth , and apparently i smell like a skunk took a shit on some sweat socks . 
 this is the happiest day of my life . 
 watney finished his two slices of pizza and a coke . 
 he had another half-hour to kill before going back to johnson space center . 
 leaving the pizzeria , he sat on a public bench just outside . 
 next week would be busy . 
 he would be meeting the ares-6 engineer . 
 he had read her file , but had never met her in person . 
 he would n't get much time to relax after that . 
 the following six weeks would be filled with constant training as he tried to impart as much knowledge as he could . 
 but that was something to worry about later . 
 right now , he took a deep breath of the fresh air and watched the people go by . 
 `` hey , i know you ! '' 
 came a voice from behind . 
 a young boy had strayed from his mother . 
 `` you 're mark watney ! '' 
 `` sweetie , '' the boy 's mom said , embarrassed . 
 `` do n't bother people like that . '' 
 `` it 's ok , '' watney shrugged . 
 `` you went to mars ! '' 
 the boy said , his eyes wide with awe . 
 `` sure did , '' watney said . 
 `` almost did n't make it back . '' 
 `` i know ! '' 
 said the boy . 
 `` that was awesome ! '' 
 `` sweetie ! '' 
 the mom scolded . 
 `` that 's rude . '' 
 `` so mr. watney , '' the boy said , `` if you could go to mars again , like , if there was another mission and they wanted you to go , would you go ? '' 
 watney scowled at him . 
 `` you out of your fucking mind ? '' 
 `` ok time to go , '' the mom said , quickly herding the boy away . 
 they receded in to the crowded sidewalk . 
 watney snorted in their direction . 
 then he closed his eyes and felt the sun on his face . 
 it was a nice , boring afternoon . 
