 buried in benidorm a max castillo mystery l.h. thomson smashwords edition this edition uses u.s. spellings of common words . 
 copyright 2011 j.i. loome this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 **** table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten epilogue chapter 1 in an ideal world , my friends , this story would have ended in much the way it began ... with your humble servant in a pair of beach shorts , on a chair on the deck of my houseboat , la casilda , sipping a cold beer and watching the day go by . 
 the world is never ideal , of course . 
 but that is precisely what i was doing on the morning of june 23 , as the sun climbed ever higher over the port at benidorm and the palm tree-lined waterfront began to fill up with tourists , as well as the soon-to-be-successful entrepreneurs who rely upon them . 
 it was a truly spectacular day , with spanish skies of clear , pale blue and the water promising to be warm and inviting , the sun glinting over the many skyscrapers that dotted the small city 's horizon . 
 the beaches were already busy , lined with blue-striped umbrellas and reclining chairs . 
 children played with beach balls and built idyllic sandcastles along the shoreline . 
 alas , just twenty kilometers or so away to the west , issues of much greater import had begun to reveal themselves . 
 so instead , i direct your attention to the ... what 's that ? 
 who am i ? 
 i , dear friends , am your narrator for this tale . 
 my name is max castillo , and i am a thirty-eight-year-old spaniard , and a private investigator . 
 it is still a relatively new trade for me , but has a certain flexibility to its hours and assignments that i enjoy . 
 the tourists i meet say i look and sound like antonio banderas ... okay , that last part is somewhat creative . 
 at the start of our tale , however , i was , as noted , sampling sun and cerveza in equal doses and blissfully unaware of any case on the horizon . 
 in fact , i was actively avoiding any immediate responsibilities by taking a small vacation , contemplating the best way to get a quick poker game together amongst my small circle of friends . 
 as i lay on the boat 's deck catching the sun , i considered altogether new ways to do nothing at all , and how i could contribute to them to my fullest . 
 it was stupendous . 
 meanwhile , twenty kilometers west , among the undulating , palm-lined fairways of la blanca golf and country club , people were considerably more active . 
 on the famous dogleg left , four-hundred-and-ninety-two-yard par-four fifteenth hole , señor miguel betancourt was busy wondering how to get his titleist high-spin golf ball out of a vicious sand trap , a monstrous cavern of pale costa blanca beach . 
 betancourt was a short man in his late sixties , with a lined face , a clipped moustache , trim salt-and-pepper hair and a taste for garish , lime-green jumpsuits . 
 several of these appeared to have been in his wardrobe since the mid-seventies . 
 he hid it all behind oversized aviator sunglasses and a tennis visor , standing in the pot bunker and staring at his ball , hands on hips , his small figure framed by the backdrop of a small wooded area near the hole . 
 the back wall of the bunker rose up above the height of the diminutive man 's waist . 
 his lip twitched under the shade of his visor , and he was exceedingly irritated , muttering every so often under his breath . 
 betancourt had broken his sand wedge over his knee on the previous hole , after catching the ball thin , which is to say with the bottom edge of the club 's blade , `` sculling '' it into the nearby water hazard , where it skipped twice like a flat stone before sinking to a soggy end . 
 the remainder of the club had followed the ball shortly thereafter . 
 it did not skip . 
 it merely plunged . 
 now , his ball was half buried in the dread pot bunker at the 15th -- a trap that had brought many a professional to his knees -- and it seemed exceedingly unlikely he 'd be out in one shot . 
 his suit would have come back into style before he saved par . 
 brandishing a three wood , he turned to his playing partner , gregorio , who had just reached the green , a tall blond businessman with a dark green shirt and perpetually bad sunburn . 
 `` madre de ... . 
 i tell you , pinky , if i do n't practice every single day , this shit is what happens . 
 if i can not use the sand to push it out , i will hammer this bastard ball off the face of the bunker and it should pop out backwards , '' he reasoned ... looking far more angry than reasonable . 
 `` señor , are you sure this is a proper approach ? '' 
 the other man asked . 
 `` i do not wish to suggest otherwise , pero ... . '' 
 betancourt waved him off aggressively and climbed down into the pot bunker . 
 `` if i just punch it a little ... '' he swung down hard at the ball , and a cloud of sand flew up . 
 when it cleared , however , the ball had jumped ahead perhaps one foot , then rolled back down into the pot bunker , despite the shot displacing about a yard of sand . 
 `` madre de ... . ! '' 
 he lined up to try the same shot again , and gregorio leaned forward subconsciously in a plaintive attempt to change his mind . 
 `` señor betancourt ... miguel . 
 i do not wish to be critical but ... . . '' 
 `` shhh ! 
 shhh ! '' 
 betancourt waved him off again then lit a small stub of a cheroot , the smelly , dark tobacco wafting back over his shoulder with the day 's light breeze . 
 he snorted a couple of times , lined up his shot again then waggled his club head to loosen up . 
 he looked back over his shoulder down the fairway ; there was no group immediately behind them . 
 no pressure . 
 the club came down and through the ball this time , picking it cleanly off the sand . 
 it ricocheted off the front of the bunker , just as he 'd planned ... but caught a lumpy spot and shot right back at an acute angle , striking betancourt in the testicles . 
 `` ay coño ! '' 
 he dropped the club and winced . 
 gregorio looked grim . 
 he walked over and offered a hand . 
 `` señor betancourt , are you all right ? '' 
 now betancourt was angry and , after adjusting his privates and bowing his legs a few times to get the remainder of the feeling back in his extremities , he picked his club up , brushed some of the sand off of it and lined up the shot one more time . 
 `` so help me , i am going to get this ball out of this damned trap if it is the last thing i ... '' where the second shot had created yet another divot , a man 's hand protruded from the sand , a large ruby ring on his middle finger . 
 betancourt squatted down and poked the hand with the grip end of his club . 
 it was exposed from just above the wrist , a band of skin color marking where a watch had once been , and the skin was hard . 
 the fingers were splayed a little , as if its last gesture was to clutch for air . 
 a week had passed by the time this matter intruded upon my blissfully dull summer . 
 the local newspapers had a field day with the homicide , as the victim , local real estate magnate anthony ortega , was a beloved church leader and family man in the nearby town of gandia . 
 he had made the newspaper several times in the past due to his charity , and so they had a good selection of photographs to pick from -- always a primary motivator when it comes to news outlets ' choices , i have found . 
 his picture stared up from daily editions , a large man in dark suit and white shirt , with a mane of slicked-back black hair and a small , neat moustache . 
 and it was not just that the papers had good art : most local murders were criminal-on-criminal . 
 spain has a generally low crime rate anyway , and in less-populous towns , such as those along the costa blanca and the costa del azahar , any murder is a big deal . 
 the fact that he was a social pillar just added to the almost rabid interest the newspapers and broadcast outlets had shown all week : interviews with his grieving wife , an ex-model ; quotes from the diocese about his fantastic financial support over the years ; somber words from his business associates regarding how much he would be missed . 
 none of this meant anything to your humble servant ; i had resolved to spend the summer on la casilda drowning some recent personal issues in cold bottles of san miguel and peroni , retrieved every so often from a large orange portable cooler , half-filled with ice . 
 i had sunblock , good shades , some good books at my fingertips . 
 i took occasional stops on the boardwalk for something to eat on one of the many outdoor patios , and to do some socializing . 
 my friend aurelio , who is a local gambler of some renown , had been teaching me backgammon . 
 i was finding it a fascinating and enjoyable way to lose money , his pieces flying around the board with a dexterity that suggested i might not be able to make rent by the end of summer . 
 my last case had paid enough to cover liquor and food for the next three months -- theoretically -- and the sun was hotter than in recent memory as i lay on the deck chair , absorbing its rays with all the absolutely motionless enthusiasm i could muster . 
 it was the most relaxed i have felt in some time . 
 of course , it could not last . 
 nothing good ever lasts . 
 life is as transient as ice in a double scotch . 
 `` señor castillo ? '' 
 the man was standing on the steel jetty to the boat , blocking my sun , a thin-framed older individual in a tan summer suit , pale blue shirt and light-orange tie . 
 he had a balding crown of hair on his head and gold wire-framed eyeglasses . 
 the suit said he was a functionary , but the shine on his burgundy loafers suggested he took his role seriously . 
 he asked again . 
 `` señor castillo ? 
 may i come aboard to discuss some business ? '' 
 i attempted to wave him away . 
 `` i am not presently available for engagement , amigo , i merely lack a `` closed '' sign . 
 i am on vacation . '' 
 i wondered how he could not tell from my state of recline . 
 i was going to have to pretend to be reading every time someone walked up if this continued . 
 the man 's body language was nervous . 
 `` señor , this is a matter of much importance . 
 please . 
 a moment of your time . '' 
 i took a defiant swallow of beer . 
 i 'd promised myself . 
 i 'd promised caridad . 
 i 'm on vacation , i told myself . 
 one day . 
 i could not even get through one day without a demand on my time . 
 `` señor , there are many detectives along the costa blanca or the costa del azahar who would be ideal to handle your issue , i 'm sure . 
 we are all basically the same : flat daily rate , plus expenses . 
 some of us will do divorce stakeouts , some of us will not . 
 now , if you do not mind ... . 
 you are in my sun . '' 
 `` but señor ... '' another wave away . 
 `` not interested . '' 
 `` but señor , i come at the request of the diocese ... '' damn . 
 i was curious , and pulled the back of the chair upright then pushed down my sunglasses to take measure of the man . 
 he was in his late fifties or early sixties and looked weedy , just pale enough to look a bit sickly . 
 `` do tell . '' 
 the man motioned with one arm towards the boat . 
 `` may i ... ? '' 
 he did not wait for the confirmation he knew was coming , and instead , he joined me on the deck , walking carefully down the small metal jetty . 
 i motioned to the wooden director 's chair across the makeshift coffee table , which was actually made up of four orange crates with a checkered table cloth on top of them . 
 `` thank you , señor castillo . '' 
 `` can i offer you a drink , señor ... . . ? '' 
 `` useche , edgar useche . 
 i am the chief financial officer for the diocese . 
 thank you señor , a cold water would be nice . 
 it must be twenty seven today . '' 
 in fact , i believe it was twenty nine celsius , a new record for the date . 
 but i did not bring it up . 
 instead , i pulled a bottle of mineral water from the ice chest and tossed it to him . 
 useche briefly held it to his forehead , before unscrewing the cap and taking a long pull . 
 `` ahh ! 
 it is much appreciated , señor , much appreciated . '' 
 i leaned forward . 
 `` so what is this matter that the diocese feels is more important than my rest and relaxation , my friend ? 
 you know of my past , that i do not exactly see eye-to-eye with the bishop . 
 in fact , i do n't believe i 've heard from the diocese in ... what , three years ? 
 additionally , if you are a number cruncher , you are doubtless aware that there is still friction . '' 
 `` well , señor , it is a matter of some ... sensitivity . 
 there is the potential for some embarrassment on behalf of the church if it were known that the church was involved , and the bishop felt that perhaps someone with some knowledge of church matters ... '' my derisive snort was louder than intended . 
 `` naturally he thought of me . '' 
 useche looked uncomfortable . 
 `` si , señor , naturally . 
 as far as we could determine , you are the only private detective in the region who was formerly a man of the cloth . 
 there are a couple of lawyers who were also in service at one time and we attempted to contact them , but both are unavailable . 
 as for why you are needed ? 
 a priest understands ... '' `` ex-priest . '' 
 i wagged my finger to correct him . 
 `` it 's been nearly ten years , señor useche . 
 i am now most definitely only an ex-priest . 
 and as one of my instructors in the order , i doubt highly that the newly-minted bishop cast his net too far afield . 
 he believes , perhaps , that i still owe him something personally . '' 
 useche licked his bottom lip for a split second , then chewed upon it somewhat , tilting his head to express his disagreement . 
 behind him , the ocean lapped placidly against the sides of the hull . 
 `` the bishop , he ... does not wish to make anything of the matter , but of course he said you would be aware of your existing commitment to the church . 
 he said there would be no need to remind you , señor castillo , that you agreed to a period of servitude with the order in part to pay for your seminary education , and that without this period of service , this debt is , naturally , expected to be covered in some other fashion . '' 
 i nodded and chuckled . 
 `` and so i expect the bishop expects me to work for free for him , as well , because of my so-called `` obligation '' ? '' 
 useche held up both hands . 
 `` the bishop said i should be clear that we are in no means demanding that you work for free -- as the diocese ' cfo , i am authorized to give you an offer in writing to pick up your usual salary and expenses ... providing , of course , you are intending on covering your debt in some manner at some other time . '' 
 i gave my head a half shake and stared at the marina for a moment , watching a large cabin cruiser slowly approach its slip . 
 `` so ... . 
 that would be for free ... '' `` ... in exchange for your outstanding obligation , si señor . '' 
 useche was not aware that the bishop and i had much history together , that at one time , he had been my elder brother 's best friend and , for a brief teenage period , my tormentor . 
 he was a ... political man . 
 he had always known just whom to be friends with , and just who to drop , just when to step into the limelight to accept praise that was not really due , and just when to step back into the shadows , and disassociate himself from the unfortunate . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` then it seems we have reached an arrangement without the requirement of negotiation , amigo . 
 perhaps you could fill me in on the pertinent details and give me an idea of where you would like me to start ? '' 
 useche smiled broadly and stood up . 
 `` i am just an accountant in essence , señor , and in this case a message boy . 
 in fact , the bishop has already decided he shall fill you in when you meet his grace this afternoon . '' 
 i cocked an eyebrow at that one . 
 `` oh , he did ? 
 and how was he so certain i would not be previously engaged ? 
 that was a bit presumptuous , was it not ? '' 
 he half-sighed . 
 `` the bishop was adamant that it was unlikely you would be working , señor . 
 i believe he stated that some things sprung eternal . '' 
 i forced myself to down two more beers . 
 it was hot , and i reasoned that the low alcohol content suggested , clearly , that the rest of a beer must be water . 
 it is important to stay hydrated in this heat . 
 i fired up the hotplate in my small galley kitchen and made a pair of fried egg sandwiches . 
 the conversation had been bothersome , there was no doubt . 
 i sat at the small formica corner nook table and ate the sandwich in silence , enjoying the boat 's gentle bob . 
 when i first moved aboard la casilda , i worried that the sensation of near constant motion would be bothersome . 
 instead , it seemed to calm me ; i had never slept better . 
 i rolled a joint and was preparing to light it -- purely medicinal , you understand -- when , once again , a figure at the end of the jetty cut into my sun . 
 `` now i wonder , señor castillo , if your home insurer is aware that you smoke on the premises . '' 
 only my landlord 's lawyer , the perennially snake-like remigio herminio , would refer to a broken down old hunk like la casilda as `` the premises . '' 
 the green-and-white paint job was in dire need of work , the cabin was ancient and she listed ever-so-slightly to starboard . 
 the day was headed from bad to worse , it seemed . 
 remigio never came around unless he was looking for money . 
 we 'd been sparring over his insistence that i pay rent with greater regularity on the slip at which i moored . 
 i had pointed out , not incorrectly , that i had a no-eviction clause in the life-lease left to me by my great aunt , and his repeated attempts to jack up the price would not lead to his client being paid any sooner . 
 `` as i may have noted at some point in the past , señor herminio , reptiles are not allowed on board . '' 
 he stood on the edge of gangplank in a dark brown polyester suit , tan shirt and brown tie , shaking a crumpled copy of the lease . 
 we had done this before a few times , he and i. `` señor castillo , your aspersions aside , my client has been most generous in allowing you to ignore the rental increases that all other slip holders in benidorm have agreed to pay . '' 
 `` señor herminio , your client is a tapeworm with lots of real estate . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` very funny , max . 
 again , while my client -- a charitable and honorable man -- appreciates your business , he is inclined to point out that you are only hurting your own chances in an eventual civil suit by not arranging some sort of ... payment plan . 
 he may not be able to evict you per se , max , but he certainly can make living here expensive . '' 
 herminio leaned in a little towards the boat as he suggested it , his voice rising expectantly as it tailed off . 
 `` santiago arce is as honorable as a hyena , '' i replied . 
 i grabbed another beer from the ice chest . 
 herminio was sweating heavily , and behind him , his scooter was parked twenty feet away , suggesting he 'd been out in the heat without air conditioning for a while . 
 i opened the ice chest and held up another bottle , letting the icy beads of water run off of it like sweat on a glacier . 
 it was hot , and from his vantage point , herminio could see the happy beach goers crowding into the balearic sea for a dip . 
 `` it 's too bad , remigio . 
 if you could just promise to not bother me with this nonsense for a period , i would be sorely tempted to invite you on board for a. . . 
 cold drink . '' 
 i cooled my forehead with the bottle , and herminio reflexively raised one hand , as if hoping i would just pass it over , his tongue trying to moisten parched lips . 
 he stared at the gangplank for a moment , then at the boat , then at his shoes . 
 his shoulders slumped a little . 
 `` mark my words , max , eventually he will catch up with you and with his money . '' 
 he waggled a finger at me as he said it . 
 `` god looks out for priests , max , not ex-priests . '' 
 i opened the second beer and put it down on the coffee table , next to the half-finished bottle . 
 both were dripping wet , small puddles forming around their base as they sat on top of a magazine . 
 `` i thought he was supposed to look out for all his children ! 
 in any case , i look out for myself , remigio . 
 and right now , my survival instinct is telling me i should ... drink another beer . '' 
 he looked unimpressed . 
 `` careful , max . 
 fun is fun and do not get me wrong , trying to evict you is all kinds of fun . 
 it may even be the highlight of my week , as pathetic as that is . 
 but i believe the last time you were drinking this heavily , you lost your slip rent money in a game of poker . 
 is n't that where these problems started for you ? '' 
 he had me there . 
 many people who knew of my time in the church -- and thanks to a couple of nosy newspaper articles , it was quite literally many people -- had long ago decided that my slight problem with gambling was the real reason for my departure from the priesthood . 
 it is not true , of course , but many think so . 
 or at the very least , they thought it for the two days that the story was newspaper and talk-radio fodder . 
 then the media moved onto the next tale of woe . 
 i must depart from the story at this point to explain that , although i try my hardest to be a good and decent man , i am only human . 
 and as we all carry our own burdens and frailties , mine is an addictive personality . 
 i do not know why card games hold such allure to me , but the rush of winning a hand ... well , in my darkest times i have had to be honest that this feeling tops even that of feeling one with faith . 
 strangely , it is even more alluring when it is a game in which skill is minimized , in which chance is the great equalizer , and i do not know why . 
 raised in a strict family that always expected me to enter the priesthood , i have never felt as close to god as i did when i drew an inside straight , preferably with a drink in one hand and a smoke in the other . 
 contemptible ? 
 perhaps , to some . 
 i try to avoid telling people that it is `` my cross to bear , '' however . 
 i made this mistake once , and it was ... not popular . 
 besides , my fellow spaniards are among the most progressive of european peoples , liberal in their social allowances after years of franco 's heavy boot . 
 this region of the country was the republican vanguard , the last stand for many years against fascism . 
 most people do not begrudge anyone else their beliefs , as long as they keep them to themselves . 
 the meeting with the bishop was to take place at three o’clock , at his diocese office in the nearby city of alicante , just off plaza de santa maria . 
 alicante is one of spain 's treasures , like valencia . 
 many of its older white plaster and adobe buildings remain or have been restored , and it has not been turned into a cement block of condominium convenience , as is the case along the shorelines of the costa del sol . 
 if you ask a spaniard from the interior where he wishes to go for vacation , he will probably pick a beach community near one of these two cities , because there is a sense of culture and history , and because the weather is not so scorching all of the time . 
 the red plaster building was distinguished from its neighbors only by color and upkeep , and i pulled my vespa up to park in one of the half-spaces at the end of the block . 
 outside , the day was heating up . 
 but the waiting room next to the bishop 's office was chilly , as if the air conditioning had been set two notches too cold . 
 the walls were pale blue stucco , and a small area with bamboo furniture sat off to the left . 
 on the glass-topped coffee table , the day 's newspapers were piled haphazardly , and i grabbed the first one absent-mindedly , looking for something to kill time . 
 poor choice of words : the murder of anthony ortega , all over the news for a week , continued to feature on the front page . 
 although it was n't the main headline any longer , it was still above the fold , with a small inset mug shot of a portly man with dark hair and a moustache in his fifties or sixties . 
 a two-column headline sat above the piece : `` police say ortega beaten , seeking public 's assistance '' the caption under the photo was brief . 
 `` ortega : community leader , '' it said , though the scowl on the face of the man was less-than hospitable . 
 the story was perfunctory , a recap of a police news conference : `` police say ortega had been reported missing by his wife two weeks before being found by a golfer buried in a sand trap at la blanca resort . 
 a wealthy real-estate developer who grew up in gandia but owned several homes , ortega had given millions of dollars in contributions to local charities , and was a member of the club at which his body was discovered . 
 he is survived by his wife , esperanza , and was predeceased by a son , julio , in 1983 . '' 
 around the corner from the seating area , a middle-aged secretary with a red dye job was clacking away on a computer keyboard . 
 her phone rang , and she acknowledged a few comments before hanging up and leaning around the corner . 
 `` señor castillo ? 
 the bishop will see you now . '' 
 i walked past her cubicle and through a heavy oak office door . 
 bishop anderson mendoza was not the fearsome fellow he had been when we were teenagers . 
 for one , i had grown somewhat and was now a full three or four inches taller than him . 
 for another , he had gotten wider as i gotten taller , an impression not aided by the wide purple sash he wore around his black vestments , the same rich hue as his neat little skull cap . 
 in a corner , edgar sat patiently waiting for us to begin . 
 mendoza still knew how to immediately irritate me . 
 `` maxi ! 
 little maxi castillo ! 
 it has been too long , has it not my friend ? '' 
 he said , as he pulled me into the comfortable office , with its oversized maple desk and leather-bound volumes lining the walls . 
 `` little maxi '' was the name he 'd given me in school when i was a very young boy , back when he was my bully . 
 `` hello , andy . 
 how have you been ? '' 
 he grasped my hand and shook vigorously . 
 `` well my friend , well . 
 i must say , i do not see your brother as often as i should . 
 how is the old devil , eh ? '' 
 i gave it some thought . 
 `` to be truthful , you probably see him more often than i do , andy . '' 
 i used his first name -- his nickname -- quite deliberately . 
 it had always irritated him when others used his name instead of his title , and for a satisfying split-second , i saw a hint of that irritation . 
 then he took a seat behind the enormous desk , sinking into that huge leather chair , and gestured to the chair in front of it -- which sat a good inch lower than his . 
 no matter . 
 this was n't an audience . 
 he needed my help , i told myself , and not the other way around . 
 i was n't here to kiss his ring . 
 i held out both hands momentarily , trying to get to the point . 
 `` so ... what seems to be the problem , andy ? '' 
 he leaned back a little and played with his pen , thoughtful for a moment . 
 `` yes , yes ... this business ... '' `` edgar said it was a sensitive matter for the church , '' i offered . 
 he nodded again . 
 `` yes , yes , this is so . 
 edgar , you did not exaggerate . 
 i am sure you have heard of señor anthony ortega , the businessman who was found dead last week . '' 
 `` i was just reading about it in your waiting room ; a terrible business . '' 
 `` yes , well ... '' he leaned forward conspiratorially . 
 `` the fact that he was a community leader has been mentioned several times . '' 
 useche broke in . 
 `` if i may , your grace ? 
 in fact , over my three decades with the church , he has given many millions of dollars . 
 he has been the diocese 's greatest benefactor , making our parishes among some of the most self-sufficient in the church . '' 
 i asked , `` why did he donate to the alicante diocese instead of valencia ? 
 the church in gandia falls under its auspices . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know for sure -- he has been active in benidorm 's business community for so long and spends so much of his time here , that it makes a certain sense . 
 in fact , we have been named as a major beneficiary in señor ortega 's estate . 
 while much of it has been left to his wife , the remainder -- in the form of developable land -- has been left to glorify christ and further our work here . 
 however ... '' i stayed silent until he filled the uncomfortable air . 
 `` we have reason to believe , max , that señor ortega 's wife was being unfaithful to him . 
 certain ... sources within the community say that she was having an affair with another man . 
 if this became a motive for murder , of course ... '' now it was clear . 
 `` the law does not allow a killer to profit from his or her crime , so she would no longer be eligible to inherit his estate , '' i noted , `` should it be discovered that she played a role . '' 
 andy agreed . 
 `` of course , our primary issue must be -- must always be -- the tragic death of her husband and the community 's need to heal . 
 however , this issue may be of great value to the church , maxi . 
 were we able to determine that the church was the sole legal beneficiary ... '' `` ... his tens of millions of euros would likely revert to you . '' 
 he smiled , his interwoven fingers and the long-chained cross around his neck resting on his belly contentedly as he reclined , looking small in the oversized chair which , in turn , looked humble beneath the rich red wallpaper and brass fittings in the office . 
 `` to the church , you mean , right maxi ? '' 
 then he leaned forward again , his tone more serious , authoritarian . 
 `` we have much work that could be furthered with this contribution , many community issues that could be resolved . '' 
 useche stressed the point . 
 `` you can not underestimate how important this is for the diocese , max . '' 
 andy leaned toward me . 
 `` it could do so much good . 
 it would glorify god . '' 
 the last person with whom i wished to engage in a theological discussion was andy mendoza , the man who , as a fifteen-year-old , flushed my ten-year-old head down a school toilet . 
 he was supposed to be the community 's direct line to a higher power , and yet every time i saw him , i could n't get the image of him looking down at me , my head in the toilet , his thug friends egging him on . 
 `` i will see what i can find out . 
 what about my immediate costs ? '' 
 he leaned forward across his expansive desk , retrieving an immaculate mont blanc fountain pen , marbled in black-and-brown . 
 then he scribbled a phone number down on a yellow reminder note . 
 `` call my secretary señora solano if it is anything above a hundred euros ; otherwise , you can itemize it in your final expenses . 
 edgar will go over the big stuff with you ; he handles all of the financial details . '' 
 `` and if i help you with this matter ... '' he cut me off , raising a hand . 
 `` maxi , we go back far , you and me . 
 i will not try to change your mind about faith and the church , because i know you have strong opinions on this that you did not arrive at quickly . 
 we have been down that road before . 
 but the church takes care of its friends ... '' i let it slide by , though i was sorely tempted to read him the riot act . 
 the church 's idea of `` attempting to take care of me '' at the time of my crisis of faith had been to threaten action on the matter of my seminary costs . 
 it was a heavy-handed stance that i had seen or heard of many times over the years involving other students . 
 `` why not just leave this to the cops ? '' 
 mendoza shrugged . 
 `` eh . 
 we have good sources within the police , and i can only tell you what we hear , which is that they have nothing . 
 no witnesses , no physical evidence beyond the blood spatters on some nearby trees and a broken golf club that may have been the murder weapon . 
 nothing . 
 they have interviewed his wife and most of the club members already ; there appears to be no reason why anyone would want ortega dead . '' 
 that struck me as strange . 
 `` he was a land developer . 
 surely someone he did business with must dislike him ? '' 
 `` to the point of murder ? 
 the police say they have talked with his business partner , and this also seems unlikely . 
 the two of them had clients and rivals that were n't always happy but nothing as dramatic as homicide . '' 
 `` you said you had received a tip , about mrs. ortega ? '' 
 he got up and walked over to a small sideboard near the back of the room , where he poured himself a glass of sherry . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 i waved him off . 
 whenever andy delayed for a minute it was because he had bad news to pass on . 
 i always suspected it was because he was mentally searching for a way to get out of it . 
 mendoza sat back down and took a sip . 
 `` yes , the tip . 
 we are fortunate in that edgar has a son , sergio , who is a caddy at ortega 's club . 
 he has told us that it is well known to the staff that poor ortega 's wife has had a paramour for over a year , a frenchman . 
 one of the boys works as a gardener in his other job and saw them together at ortega 's home in gandia , even as he was at la blanca , forty-five minutes away . 
 and yet the police made no mention of this to us . '' 
 `` you told them ? '' 
 useche tilted his head slightly , as if trying to find the right words . 
 `` we ... passed along the need for a thorough interview with her , yes . '' 
 i had no doubt that this was the church 's description of how it avoided slandering señora ortega -- just in case . 
 `` and nothing ? 
 `` our source indicated that they felt it was not a worthwhile avenue for investigation . 
 they talked to the people involved , but something threw them off . '' 
 `` has it occurred to you that they might be right ? 
 maybe they just got a sense that she was n't homicidal . '' 
 it was my experience that , as ham-fisted as they could be , the police were often underestimated . 
 for one , most crime was not complicated . 
 for another , they were rarely in a rush . 
 mendoza snorted . 
 `` it occurs to me that the largest financial supporter of this church has been murdered just as his wife is coincidentally breaking her vows with a frenchman . 
 so far , that is by far the best motive for murder that i have heard , that and the amount of money she already stands to inherit . '' 
 this was so . 
 i 'd only been a private investigator for five years , but had already made enough friends -- and enemies -- among the local police to know that nearly all murders were crimes of familiarity and passion . 
 `` what do you know of the man she is seeing ? '' 
 he nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` our sources are not as clear on this matter . 
 his name is alain vigneault . 
 we are told he is a businessman from perpignan , a small city near the border , and has been travelling down here to see her with some regularity . 
 he is younger than her and very well-dressed , well-presented . 
 perhaps a bit of a wolf , little maxi , as i was back in the day , eh ? '' 
 mendoza 's recollection of our teen years was interestingly revised from the way that i remembered things , but i did not dwell . 
 `` is there anyone other than the wife who is worth considering ? 
 anyone else you want me to look into ? '' 
 mendoza reflected for a moment and played with his large , ornate ring . 
 `` the partner , hilario miguel , seemed to know him well and expressed concern to our police sources that anyone would murder a man with such a reputation . 
 it was a very similar line to the wife 's . '' 
 `` but he did n't mention the wife ? '' 
 he paused for a moment , perhaps irritated that i wanted to consider anyone else . 
 `` no , maxi , he did not mention the wife . 
 again , this was his business partner . '' 
 he waited for me to comment while i studied my notes . 
 `` so ? 
 do you think you can find us the evidence we need ? '' 
 i got up and got ready to leave , walking over to the oak door . 
 `` well , andy , i suppose that depends . '' 
 `` on what ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` on whether she killed him , for one . '' 
 my brother sounded typically unhappy to hear from me . 
 however , i knew that if i visited alicante and did not look him up , he would tell our elderly mother , and i would hear about how unhappy he was to have not heard from me . 
 and then , for as long as she had my telephone number , i would not hear the end of it , because in the years since my decision to leave the church , i am reminded in all ways i should strive to be like eduardo . 
 but eduardo , grace of her eye , is not always the easiest to take in person ; and so i dialed him quickly on my phone as i stood on the quiet sidewalk outside the diocese office , the warm breeze rustling the manicured bushes outside . 
 his usual anxiety surfaced quickly . 
 `` did you call him ` your grace , ' and show respect ? 
 at least tell me you called him by his title . '' 
 eduardo had been andy mendoza 's right-hand man in school , and had always been a little in awe of him . 
 a devout member of his local congregation , the two barely saw each other anymore outside of church . 
 but eduardo 's idol worship appeared undiminished every time the bishop 's name came up . 
 `` i called him andy , which is exactly what you should call him . 
 and he 's still an ass . '' 
 i could fairly picture eduardo on the other end of the line , kissing his rosary and rolling his eyes heavenward at my impertinence . 
 to eduardo , andy was obviously handpicked by the lord almighty himself . 
 `` ay , ay , ay , sometimes you are an embarrassment to the family , maximiliano , you know ? 
 it is not bad enough that a brother deserts god and his calling ... '' `` not my calling , brother . 
 if it was my calling ... '' `` no , not your calling , god 's calling . '' 
 `` oh ... well , i suppose that is accurate then , if you believe it to be so . '' 
 i did not mean to tease him , but sometimes he was so pious it was difficult to do otherwise . 
 `` maximiliano ... '' `` brother , do not worry so much about the providence of the next life . 
 i 'm having a fine time navigating this one for now . '' 
 the line went silent for a moment . 
 though we have fought always , there was no doubt that he still loved his younger brother -- and indeed all of his six siblings . 
 he just did not particularly like any of us , as far as we could tell . 
 `` maxi , you know that if you ever want to talk about the church and the things that are bothering you , the family 's doors are always open to you . 
 juanita and the children , they would love for their uncle max to come and read them stories ... '' i laughed it off , although i should n't have . 
 his intentions were good . 
 `` eduardo , please ! 
 i am happy , okay ? 
 is that not enough , to just let me be happy living the life i wish to live ? 
 i would be happy to come and see my niece and nephew , but i do not want the rest of those pressures , brother . 
 is that not acceptable ? '' 
 but i already knew it was n't . 
 life without family would n't seem worth living . 
 life without the church ? 
 to eduardo , this was an equally empty existence . 
 and for nearly a decade now he had seen me as an empty vessel , lacking that integral piece of something -- a little more of a soul , perhaps -- that he believes brings some tangible value to our lives . 
 he has never understood that a community does not depend on a religion to exist and to be supportive ; it merely depends on the goodness and civility of its members . 
 `` you could always come with the family and me on the weekend . 
 just to mass. . . '' 
 my patience was wearing thin , but he was trying to do the right thing , and so i curbed my impetuous tongue . 
 `` hermano , when you stop trying to win me back , then i will start worrying you no longer care . 
 but for now , i am going to go home , ponder my conversation with andy , and have a cold beer . 
 and when i come over , it will be to visit with you , and juanita , and my wonderful nieces and nephews . '' 
 and then he was more formal , suddenly aware that he had softened for a moment . 
 `` well , if that is your choice , then it is yours to live with , of course . 
 but max ... . '' 
 `` si ? '' 
 `` do me a favor : just once , when you tell people you still respect their faith , remember today . 
 and the next time you talk to andy , call him your grace just a couple of times , just for me ? '' 
 i got on my scooter and put the key in the ignition . 
 `` tell mother and the family i said hello , eh eduardo ? '' 
 he clucked his tongue a little then , as if he wanted to keep talking but recognized the immediate futility . 
 `` you are breaking her heart , hermanito , you know that , right ? 
 the church is still very important to her ; she was very proud of you and all the good you were doing in the cloth , and she 's not the same since . '' 
 somehow i doubted that . 
 even at her most sainted of period of victimhood , my mother was tougher than old shoe leather . 
 **** chapter 2 the route back to the houseboat led me along paseo de colon , which fronts two beaches . 
 sun lovers crowded both the boardwalk and the sand . 
 it also took me past the nearby kiosk of my friend , caridad paredes . 
 now , it has been noted by many people that caridad and i share a certain fluency , a public chemistry . 
 and so , before i progress any further with this story , i must insist that i not have to repeat myself : we are not an `` item . '' 
 we will never be `` an item '' . 
 it would just be strange . 
 in fact , caridad is more than ten years my junior , and was one of my first community `` projects '' when i joined the priesthood , an orphan from valencia who 'd gotten mixed up with a street gang at a young age , then gotten hooked on drugs . 
 a five-foot nothing little kid with a mop of short cropped brown hair , she had cleaned her life up admirably and now operated a semi-circular kiosk on the edge of the beach area , with an eight-stool bar that ran across the front of two-thirds of the tiny structure . 
 on any given day she could be found behind the white formica counter , dispensing drinks , advice and criticism in equal doses . 
 eventually , she 'd long told me , she planned to save enough money to rent one of the cramped storefront restaurant/bar spaces across the road from the beach , with a nice patio area and tables for several dozen money-laden tourists . 
 i had no doubt she would be a huge success at it . 
 caridad had left the original `` valencia orange '' advertisement on the exterior of her kiosk , a green , white , brown and orange graphic straight out of the classic days of pop art . 
 even though she 'd renovated and painted the rest , its 1960s style was kitschy and popular . 
 the closest any of her regulars got to orange juice was when they paired it with a stiff measure of vodka , but that was beside the point . 
 behind the bar she had a small television , a stand-up ashtray and a small number of personal photos that were crowded together on a back-wall shelf . 
 the left corner stool had a `` reserved '' sign permanently attached to the counter in front of it , a measure of gratitude for my help when she was down and out . 
 i had argued it was unnecessary and a little embarrassing , but caridad insisted , and when caridad insists on something , i have come to understand it will be so . 
 on one overtly drunken occasion , a beachgoer had insisted loudly to anyone challenging him that the `` reserved '' sign referred to him , and that he would injure any man who said otherwise . 
 i was astounded by just how quickly a five-foot tall woman who weighs less than fifty kilograms can knock a grown man down when she is really , really upset . 
 and , as i said , when caridad insists on something , it will be so . 
 `` ay coño , where have you been max ? '' 
 she punched me in the shoulder with enough playful force to rupture capillaries , a vision of irritation in a white t-shirt and denim shorts . 
 `` your damned bookie has stopped here twice in the last week asking after you , and you told me you 'd look at my grill . 
 max , i 've got a business to operate here , you know ? 
 i do n't need pete bothering my customers . '' 
 i held up both palms in abject surrender . 
 `` it is good to see you as well , caridad . 
 and when you punch me that hard , i too must immediately ask myself `` why is it that i do not visit caridad more often ? '' 
 she punched me again . 
 `` you working ? '' 
 i took my usual spot . 
 embarrassing as the sign was , it was quite convenient . 
 `` i am on vacation . 
 at least , technically i am on vacation , as i had agreed with you would be the case . 
 i had cleared my calendar of all responsibilities save for visiting you , aurelio and , perhaps , consulting with a physician about whether i would need a new liver after my two months off were over . '' 
 she detected my obvious discomfort . 
 `` and ... . . ? 
 i take it something has interrupted ? '' 
 i nodded briefly . 
 `` my former employer . '' 
 caridad giggled . 
 `` god ? '' 
 i gave her a withering look . 
 `` very funny . 
 the diocese . '' 
 she gritted her teeth like she had just driven over bumpy road kill then uncapped a beer for each of us . 
 `` ay . 
 so , definitely not god , then . 
 what do they want now ? 
 my understanding is that they had stopped bothering you about your ` tuition ' . '' 
 `` maybe they 're concerned his soul will burn in hellfire for eternity , '' said a familiar voice . 
 at the other end of the bar , domingo the beach bum had settled into his semi-regular spot , a study in a dirty woolen poncho and grubby shorts . 
 i was n't entirely sure why caridad tolerated him , except that his reasonably well-dressed manner and semi-controlled alcoholism suggested he was not your typical bum . 
 that is to say , he could pay . 
 i , on the other hand , had a rapidly increasing bar tab -- as well as domingo 's patronage and occasional condemnation -- to look forward to . 
 i tipped my beer towards him . 
 `` good to see you too , domingo . '' 
 caridad shot him a dirty look as she cleaned a few bottles and glasses away from the counter . 
 `` you are more patient with him than i would be . 
 old man , cut the shit , eh , or i 'll bar you again . '' 
 i nodded to him and gave him a smile . 
 `` you should listen to her , my friend . 
 there is nothing more embarrassing than to be barred by a bar . '' 
 he looked at me with a mixture of pity and contempt . 
 `` señor , how you can publicly acknowledge turning your back on god and then expect people in your very community to act as if nothing has changed ... '' he took another pull off his beer and shook his head again . 
 `` do you have no shame ? '' 
 i gestured towards caridad . 
 `` you know domingo , i have my own demons to face and my own theological debates to wage , but every time we go through this routine you make our host incredibly uncomfortable . '' 
 she raised her chin defiantly in his direction . 
 `` and you scare off other customers , too . 
 seriously , domingo , last warning . 
 this is n't the 1970s . 
 people do n't appreciate this heavy-handed shit any more . 
 you pray on sunday , you pay at caridad 's , you leave when you 're done , eh ? '' 
 he tossed back the last of his beer and got up to leave , before placing a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` mark my word , padre castillo , there will be a reckoning for all of us one day . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 `` and i thank you for your concern , as always . '' 
 and with that , he shambled off down the boardwalk . 
 i watched him leave for a minute and the many tourists as they strolled in the sun , the sound of gulls in the background , reminding everyone that the town has purpose . 
 then i turned back to caridad . 
 she finished serving a new customer and putting out a fresh bowl of peanuts , then came back to my end of the bar to chat . 
 i motioned after domingo with my beer hand . 
 `` what do you suppose he does to earn a living , anyway ? '' 
 cari sounded derisive . 
 `` old valencia family money . 
 i would guess the rest of his family is quite happy to give him an allowance to keep him south of the city , where he can bother the tourists instead of them . '' 
 i sighed . 
 it seemed a shame , that a man so concerned about the souls of others spent so much time away from the people who should care most about his . 
 fervency could be so difficult to deal with . 
 `` that is ... . 
 disappointing , i suppose . 
 you must remember , he would not attack my life choices if he did not care deeply for what he thinks is right . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` at least he has his ... . '' 
 she stopped herself before the word `` faith '' came out , but it hung like an empty , obvious space in the air . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she emptied a few ashtrays and glanced up quickly to see if i 'd caught her meaning . 
 `` it is what it is . '' 
 i did not need to elaborate . 
 she knew better than anyone how torturous my time leaving the church had been , how disconnected and aimless my life became in the immediacy of losing my christian beliefs -- not in the ethos of goodness , but in the supremacy of the bible , the history of the faith . 
 it was absolute , which made it absolutely terrifying , like an invisible shield had dropped that had protected me from everything . 
 the church , meanwhile , filed suit for breach of contract . 
 she nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` i am happy for you , max , that you do not worry about the domingos of the world . 
 life is too short . 
 but it must get tiresome , after the newspaper articles , having these bastards always challenge your life choices , even though they do not even know you . '' 
 i took a deep breath and thought about getting into the issue in depth , then realized it was counterproductive to my entire `` vacation '' sentiment . 
 instead i pointed to my empty beer bottle . 
 she translated the international language of thirst into a fresh one . 
 it really was one of the reasons why i stopped by in the first place -- other than to enjoy her usual charm , of course . 
 `` speaking of life being too short ... . 
 the diocese . 
 it turns out the murder victim from the news this week is ... was a serious benefactor . '' 
 caridad looked unimpressed . 
 `` and i suppose they have need of your services in some manner ... ? '' 
 another nod . 
 `` they showed such commendable reluctance with respect to reminding me of my financial obligation . 
 it must have taken at least ten minutes . '' 
 she rolled her eyes involuntarily . 
 `` it is the subtle grace with which the church approaches its business that has always impressed me the most , '' cari suggested . 
 `` they really make you feel the love when they pull out that rod of correction . '' 
 `` they want me to find out if his wife killed him . '' 
 she held up a finger and i paused the story while she served a takeaway soft drink to a customer , chatting amiably with him and offering him a thousand-watt smile as she rang up his purchase in her small , old fashioned register . 
 `` sorry , '' she said . 
 `` making a living . 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` they want me to ... '' `` yes , i got you , the wife . 
 i saw her on television the other night . 
 a stunning woman , beautiful -- and short , which i can relate to . 
 why her ? '' 
 `` a suspicion that she is a marital cheat and a further suspicion that if she goes down for the murder , the church stands to inherit a great deal of money that would otherwise have gone to her . 
 the bishop was quick to remind me , of course , that the money is secondary to justice . 
 we know the church would never be after some quick coin , after all . '' 
 once again she looked unimpressed . 
 `` money . 
 is it ever about anything else ? 
 mind you , with anthony ortega i am not surprised . '' 
 `` you knew him ? '' 
 her face soured . 
 `` no . 
 i know of him . 
 what kind of circles do you think i travel in these days , max ? 
 customers talk . 
 you know what it is like tending bar . 
 but i do n't talk to the street people anymore , the neighborhood guys . '' 
 `` and what did these customers say ? '' 
 `` not much . 
 he had more money than he could count and that he earned it the old fashioned way . '' 
 `` hard work ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` cheating people . 
 he bought and sold a lot of land over the years and always came out ahead . 
 you do not have that kind of success record in business without treading pretty hard on some toes . 
 or so the customers say . '' 
 `` and do they say anything else about this particular businessman ? '' 
 she appeared conflicted . 
 `` difficult to judge , max -- i get hints , you know , signs of connections to bigger , badder individuals . 
 the wrong people mentioning his name at the wrong times ... '' i finished my beer . 
 `` anything since he was killed ? '' 
 `` no ... just ... well , one thing : one guy mentioned that his golf partners lost a bundle to him , that he was a real shark on the course . 
 i guess he loved that place . '' 
 the irony was n't lost on either of us . 
 if he was to be buried in benidorm , anthony ortega would probably have been pretty happy with the pot bunker on the fifteenth hole at la blanca . 
 the timing , however , was probably not to his liking . 
 instead , his body went back to gandia , to a small family cemetery just outside the town . 
 caridad took my empty as i got up to leave and i fished my vespa keys from my shorts . 
 `` hey max , take it easy on the beer if you 're going to be driving around , okay ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` sure , sure . 
 do n't want you to run out , anyway . '' 
 caridad sighed . 
 `` one day , you might pay that tab , and i can retire to a place on mallorca . '' 
 back at the boat , a familiar beanpole of a figure had gotten comfortable on deck , reading a magazine and smoking a cigarette as i pulled my vespa into the nearby parking lot . 
 he had a light tan suit on and a straw fedora , and his tie was pulled down slightly , his top shirt button undone . 
 but he appeared otherwise unconcerned with the sweltering temperatures . 
 inspector nicodemo garcia -- nick , to everyone -- was a patient sort of man , very calm . 
 he had quite politely decided to avoid sitting in my usual chair . 
 nick was a friend , even though our conversations usually touched heavily on the unofficial department policy , which was to consider me slightly less palatable than the black death . 
 we went back to childhood , as i seemed to do with so many of the region 's residents . 
 he motioned in my direction . 
 `` maxi . '' 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i climbed on board and grabbed the seat across from him , then reached into the ice chest for a beer . 
 `` i do not suppose i can interest you in anything stronger ? '' 
 he waved it away . 
 `` maxi , i 'm hearing things i do not like to hear , like maybe you are getting involved in another one of our higher profile cases . 
 you know , whenever i hear such things , i have to start popping the antacids like they were candies again . '' 
 that was quick . 
 the word had gotten from the diocese in alicante to the cops in benidorm in just about the time it took me to drive home . 
 i looked at my vespa , parked a hundred meters away . 
 it was good on gas , but was not exactly a rocket . 
 `` and what are you hearing , nicky ? '' 
 nicodemo was another of my brother 's circle of friends from our youth , a year younger than eduardo but four years older than i . 
 he took his hat off for a moment , then rescued a handkerchief from his inner pocket and used it to mop away some sweat , before putting the hat back on and tipping it up slightly , at a rakish angle . 
 `` i am hearing , maxi , that the bishop has asked you to come talk to him and i am hearing that it might be about a certain high-profile parishioner who wound up in a bunker last week with the head of a nine iron embedded in the top of his skull . '' 
 garcia was not exactly as diplomatic as he needed to be ; the exact cause of death had not yet been in the papers . 
 `` and if he had asked for my help , nicky ? '' 
 he looked pained , pinching the bridge of his nose in a momentary show of stress . 
 `` maxi , it 's only been eighteen months since the peri stevanovic incident ; what do you want me to say , man ? 
 you know , you 're about as popular as death with my colleagues these days , right ? 
 i mean , i assume you do n't have some specific tie to this dude that makes your presence essential ? '' 
 peri stevanovic was a former serbian warlord who had fled to spain after the end of the civil war , and later been arrested for murdering his girlfriend . 
 a nasty thug with a bodybuilder physique and military crew cut , my evidence had -- with no small amount of reluctance attached -- helped acquit him . 
 it was a fair verdict , and obviously he could not have been anywhere near the home at the time of the murder ... . 
 because he was at the other end of the province at the time , making sweet love to the wife of the regional commissioner of police . 
 stevanovic was a repugnant man , and a killer of many . 
 he just did not happen to have killed this particular individual . 
 right up until i had uncovered her confession , and revealed the likely true killer -- the woman 's sister -- the police had publicly harangued me for working with stevanovic 's defense team , and then seethed with collective anger when he was released based on an alibi from a cop 's wife . 
 it was understandable : in serbia , he had been known as the butcher of brodst , and not because of his skills with a side of brisket . 
 i motioned to the boat around us . 
 `` but look at all this luxury , nicky ! 
 i 've got expenses to cover , you know , bills to pay . 
 you do not lead the dashing lifestyle of a bachelor ex-priest p.i. without running up a little debt . '' 
 garcia looked pained again . 
 `` ay , maxi , i swear ... you give me heartburn , you know ? 
 so , what does he want from you ? '' 
 `` nick ... ... '' `` come on , maxi , we go way back man . 
 spill it . 
 i 'm not going to tell anyone who does n't need to know . '' 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 it would n't hurt to have at least one cop in the city who was still talking to me and nicky was a better candidate than anyone else who came to mind . 
 `` look , he just thinks you 're going easy on the wife . 
 the church had heard through its sources that she has a lover . 
 if she killed ortega , but is caught , the church gets his money . '' 
 garcia rolled his eyes . 
 `` ay , coño ... . . 
 max , i 'm telling you man , we looked into the lover . 
 he 's a total nobody , just a smooth talker . 
 and the wife does n't have the brains to hire a pool boy , let alone a hitter . '' 
 `` and if it was not professional ... . . '' 
 `` ... . 
 then it was passion , and no way she takes him out with a golf club . 
 no way she 's within a kilometer of the fifteenth hole -- unless the club house is within a kilometer ; but then she 's there , drinking a daiquiri , and that does not count . '' 
 it did n't fit , he was right . 
 `` you 're sure about the boyfriend ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the guy strikes me as a gigolo , maxi , not a serious operator . 
 i 'm telling you , maybe the easy money here is to wait a few weeks , lie low , write up something quick for his holiness ... '' he said it with a hint of sourness , `` ... . 
 and take the rest of the summer off while we wait for something to shake loose . 
 take the ferry over to ibiza and watch the girls in string bikinis ; you can tell the bishop you were over there on research . '' 
 i thought about it , though in reality there was no question of taking the church 's money under false pretenses . 
 i just did not want to disappoint garcia by answering too quickly . 
 `` nicky , you know i can not do that . 
 i have to at least talk to these people , right ? 
 i mean , probably i see and hear the same things as the rest of your guys and this thing just goes away ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` i somehow doubt it , maxi . 
 every time you get involved , i get to explain to the commissioner and the guys in my squad why you should not be rounded up with the `` usual suspects '' the next time they sweep the local bookies and their clients , eh ? 
 i mean , what is this ? 
 the third homicide you 've been involved with in the last three years ? 
 that does n't look good , my friend . '' 
 i mentioned that i liked nicky , right ? 
 in truth , however , his record was not sterling and all too often , big cases under his direction remained open for longer than expected . 
 he seemed ... unlucky . 
 `` you know , nicky , it would not hurt you guys to occasionally throw a thank you my way for making sure you do not arrest the wrong people . '' 
 he pinched his nose again . 
 `` maxi ... . '' 
 `` no , seriously my friend , perhaps you and i need to cut the pretense , eh ? 
 i 've got a job to do , you are an old family friend and you have a department that wants me to go away . 
 we both know the deal . 
 and yet , if i get everything right , the job you need gets done , just as much as the job i need to get done . '' 
 he quietly took another sip of his mineral water then briefly removed his fedora to wipe some sweat away again . 
 `` you know , my elder brother 's a desk cop in madrid ? 
 he 's going to retire in about five years ... way early , too . 
 he 's got his eye on a little farm near ronda . '' 
 garcia stared me down for a second . 
 `` he has worked in the biggest city in the country for his entire life , and yet he has never even had to draw his service piece , you know ? '' 
 nick got up to go . 
 `` me ? 
 i get some dead shithead every other week , because this is a town full of money . 
 and money leads to dead shitheads . 
 tell me , maxi . 
 you took confessional ... '' i nodded . 
 `` so tell me : you ever get a real lunatic talking openly ? 
 i mean , what kind of person caves in another person 's head with a golf club ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` one pissed off golfer , nicky . 
 one pissed off golfer . '' 
 after garcia left , i got halfway through one more beer and had just ordered a pizza from mamma leone 's , along with cracking a little light fiction , when another figure once more cut into my late afternoon sunlight . 
 `` you the priest detective ? '' 
 the man asking the question was wearing a nice italian suit in grey pinstripe , but he did not look particularly pleasant beyond that . 
 he was heavyset , like a weightlifter that has let the mid-section go a little , with a bull neck , close-cropped hair and a bulge under his armpit from a quite prominent shoulder holster , containing what i imagined to be a quite prominent gun . 
 the man standing next to him was early forties , short and thin framed , with steel glasses , balding on top but with an abundance of hair elsewhere crowning his head . 
 he stepped slightly in front of his large friend and spoke in a clipped , effete tone with a slight accent . 
 `` now , agostinho , my herculean associate , leave me to handle the conversation with our friend , if you will . '' 
 the weightlifter looked disappointed but nodded once quickly to acquiesce . 
 `` you got it , tomas . '' 
 that elicited a sigh from the smaller man . 
 `` you have to forgive him , padre , he 's half-deaf and from portugal , so he was twice disadvantaged from an early age . 
 can we come aboard ? 
 thank you , sir ... . . '' 
 they climbed aboard without waiting for an answer . 
 i put my book down . 
 in my five years as a detective , i have never been a fan of the aggressive side of the business , and i have never felt the need to carry a gun . 
 i am not a boxer , or a martial artist , or any of those things . 
 but i try to stay fit enough to take care of myself and , perhaps , chase the odd suspect , should it ever be necessary . 
 still , both men exuded menace for their own different reasons and it occurred to me at that moment that it was turning to evening . 
 the foot traffic around the port would decline ; fewer people would be on the beach . 
 the smaller one must have noticed my tension . 
 i motioned to rise but he casually gestured with both palms down for me to sit , then perched himself on the edge of the chair opposite , clasping his fingers together like he was about to share a secret . 
 `` padre , padre , do not worry . 
 it is quite evident to me that you have only the best of intentions in all of your dealings , and we do not anticipate causing you a single problem . 
 unless necessary . 
 not one . '' 
 i opened the cooler . 
 `` beer ? '' 
 the giant took a half-step forward but the smaller man blocked him with a casual arm in his path . 
 `` please , big man ! 
 he is so ... enthusiastic about his work , if you know what i mean . '' 
 he crossed his legs and sized me up for a moment . 
 `` so tell me padre , why are we stopping by to visit you , my blasphemous , semi-famous friend ? '' 
 i cracked a cold one and took a swallow . 
 `` hmm . 
 well , if i owed you money i am sure i would remember it , gentlemen . 
 you cut a distinct and interesting profile , the two of you . 
 other than that ... i can only guess the two of you are houseboat connoisseurs , and la casilda has caught your fancy , just as she has so many before you . '' 
 the small one managed to make a snort of bemusement sound like a vicious condemnation . 
 `` yes . 
 well , be that as it may , padre , our employer has asked us to visit you , and he has made it clear in most certain terms that we are to impart upon you his desire that you should leave the anthony ortega investigation alone . '' 
 he talked with his hands when he said it , punctuating the last line . 
 this day was taking on a theme . 
 for a man who was such a community leader , there seemed to be an awful lot of people interested in ortega 's death . 
 so far , i was not very fond of any of them . 
 `` maybe you 're brokers ? 
 home listings agents ? '' 
 the small man leaned across the table and his smile flattened into a thin line , his eyes cold and dead . 
 `` this is just a courtesy call , padre . 
 when our employer wishes us to actually send a message , there is not nearly as much pleasant conversation . '' 
 i took another swallow of beer , killing the bottle , and pulled out another -- to kill time , of course , and not for the alcohol . 
 perish the thought . 
 the bottle sat on the table between us , sweating in the sun . 
 `` is there a particular reason , señor , why your employer wishes to convey this message ? 
 he perhaps has some information about señor ortega 's untimely passing he thinks i should know about ? '' 
 the little one looked annoyed and stood up , then turned away for a minute to look contemplatively out to sea , where the gulls yelled out to be heard over the crash of the rolling waves . 
 then he turned back to face me . 
 `` our employer wishes you to be aware that señor ortega is none of your business and that , as you have no connection to señor ortega 's life , work or family , you are to keep a respectful distance from the proceedings . 
 he wishes you to understand what you will be dealing with , should you choose to ignore this very worthy advice . 
 tinho ? '' 
 the giant looked around the boat for a moment -- he had a vicious scar about an inch long behind his left ear , as if someone had at one time tried to remove it -- and i had this horrible momentary vision of him smashing my ipod music player , the only thing , other than the beer , of any great value on deck . 
 instead , his giant hand closed around the just-emptied beer bottle on the table in front of him . 
 for a moment , the hand enveloped the bottle . 
 then he grunted slightly , lifted it to his forehead ... and smashed the side of the bottle against it with considerable force , glass flying in all directions . 
 then he leered at me , his forehead bleeding slightly ... but his teeth impeccable . 
 `` now , you see , señor , a man who is of agostinho 's size , and feels no pain ... ? 
 well , that is not a man you wish to make angry . 
 and it would make agostinho very , very angry if you were to continue to ask questions about anthony ortega . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` would it make him angry if i asked him to clear up this mess ? '' 
 tomas had his tongue firmly in cheek , perhaps reigning in his temper at my little joke . 
 i could swear the gangsters ' grapevine was as good as the cops . 
 how did these two know so quickly that i was involved ? 
 i shrugged and took a sip of beer and smiled . 
 `` señor , i used to be a priest . 
 i am not of the type of character who wishes to make anyone angry , let alone your enormous friend . '' 
 the smaller man eyed me up again . 
 `` then we understand each other ? 
 our message is clear ? '' 
 `` crystal , señor . 
 like a benidorm sky in july . '' 
 he got up to leave , then caught himself and turned back to me momentarily . 
 he cocked his head , eyeing me suspiciously . 
 `` you know , padre , that seemed a bit too simple . 
 you would not be taking this less than seriously , perhaps , padre ? 
 having a little fun with us ? '' 
 i had no intention of giving up a job so easily , but it was not the time or the place to make an issue of it . 
 in fact , i am not certain that any occasion in which agostinho was present would have felt like the right time . 
 `` rest assured , señor , i do not think for a minute that this has been any fun . '' 
 he was n't sure what to make of that . 
 `` well ... okay then , '' he said , as he joined the larger man on the dock , before awkwardly turning toward the parking lot . 
 i gave them a friendly wave as they walked away , but it had been another clear indicator that this was a case i should stay away from -- a fact i found alluring , like the prospect of quick win at the dice table . 
 i sat back and thought about things , listening to the gently lapping tide . 
 if the visit had told me one thing , it was that i needed to find out who had motivations and vested interests to see ortega killed . 
 and that was going to mean some research , interviews with his friends and family . 
 but for the immediate , i decided to head back over to caridad 's booth . 
 i had at least a couple of interesting leads to follow up with which she could assist me . 
 she looked at me with significant surprise . 
 the description of the big man , complete with a nasty scar behind his left ear , tweaked her immediately . 
 `` agostinho alto , muscle for fulgencio sanchez 's operation . '' 
 caridad 's time as a street kid and occasional drug mule had resulted in some interesting contacts and she was a font of information , even though she went to great pains to note that she was no longer involved in the criminal life . 
 `` let me tell you , max , you better keep your head down around fulgencio and his boys . 
 they are not nice people , at all . 
 we 're not talking politics or shady real estate here , these guys play really hard . '' 
 the elaboration was not really necessary ; sanchez had made the papers many times and had been a major player in the criminal underworld in valencia and alicante for many years . 
 he was one of those types of men who , in the years that i took confession , spoke as if they were having a relaxed conversation , taking a sort of sartorial pride in their sociopathic behavior and pointing out that even the confession was just for appearances . 
 these men were never scared , of anything . 
 federal prosecutions launched against him had failed miserably , and as a local priest , i had taken confession from some of his colorful `` employees , '' so i could attest -- though never publicly -- that they had been involved in murders , extortion and worse . 
 it was yet one more unsettled score of sorts from my tumultuous final year in the cloth . 
 i scratched a phantom itch on the back of my head absently . 
 `` now why do you suppose sanchez would want me to leave this alone , cari ? 
 i can not see him having too much to do with a chamber of commerce-type hustler like ortega . 
 they hit from different tee boxes , if you know what i mean . 
 even being associated with sanchez would be exceedingly bad for ortega 's business as a developer . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well there is that : they both played golf at la blanca . 
 sanchez is notoriously addicted to the game , but also notoriously bad . 
 loves to gamble and loses graciously , despite his reputation . 
 he has a home on the course grounds . '' 
 i took a swallow of beer . 
 `` so that is the obvious starting point . 
 and it is not exactly a stretch to see that portuguese gorilla burying a nine iron in ortega 's skull , either . 
 maybe ortega took him for a little more money while playing than sanchez was willing to give up ? '' 
 caridad looked unconvinced . 
 `` max , sometimes it seems like sanchez has more money than the church . 
 and like i said , he loses pretty graciously to other club members regularly . 
 ortega was sleazy , so perhaps a big money loss , but ... '' she tried putting on optimistic face on the matter . 
 `` look at it this way , at least half of the people i expect you will wish to talk with hang out at that club : his wife , his business partner , his caddy from the night he was wacked . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` si , si ... what about the little guy with the lisp ? 
 do you have any information on him ? '' 
 a blank stare told me he was a new player locally . 
 `` never heard of him . 
 a lisp ? '' 
 `` weasel features . 
 and lispy , like peter lorre in an old horror movie . '' 
 `` sanchez has big-time contacts in barcelona and madrid , '' cari suggested . 
 `` maybe he brought the lisp in on loan for the season . '' 
 it should also be noted that caridad is an enormous football fan , raised to believe los che -- valencia football club -- should be a perennial winner of the european championship . 
 this is , in logical terms , insane : the city has fewer than a million citizens and the economy is bad . 
 the club can barely afford to travel , let alone compete with barcelona and real madrid . 
 this is not something one should ever bring up in caridad 's presence , if one prefers to remain conscious . 
 `` new talent ? 
 he had a cold air . 
 the big one was just a dumb goon , ex-jock type . 
 i am not certain he would have known how to cock that nine millimeter . 
 but the little one was like ... i do n't know , a tv show villain or something . 
 strange accent , too . '' 
 she shook her head quickly . 
 `` it is no game with these types , max . 
 you know that . 
 anyone with business important to drive out here to the sticks is somebody you should probably worry about . 
 even at a public place like the golf course , you keep your head down . '' 
 i smiled and got up to go . 
 `` if i had taken that advice earlier in life , cari , '' i suggested , `` i would have been a much better golfer . '' 
 **** chapter 3 after changing into light pants and a black short-sleeved dress shirt , i headed over to the club . 
 the double gate at la blanca was wrought iron , set between two ornate brick pillars . 
 the rest of the course was partially hidden by a new red brick wall that was about five feet high and ran around the property . 
 to the right of the gates , a security guard occupied his small white booth with casual aplomb , barely looking up at the cars as he let them in . 
 my vespa caught him off guard . 
 he keyed a microphone from behind a glass partition . 
 `` name and business . '' 
 `` i 'm here to visit a friend , '' i said . 
 he keyed his microphone again . 
 `` sorry . 
 members only and guests have to be on the list . '' 
 he was an older man , perhaps even a retiree who 'd gone back to work , his grey guard 's suit pressed immaculately and a pair of spectacles perched halfway up his nose . 
 the direct approach had n't worked . 
 i tapped on the glass . 
 `` hello ? 
 are you insane ? 
 i am visiting my dear friend , fulgencio sanchez . 
 do you know who that is , sir ? 
 do you want me to explain to fulgencio sanchez why i am not promptly on time , as requested ? '' 
 sanchez 's name hit home immediately and he stammered an apology . 
 the gate swung open slowly a moment later . 
 only a complete lunatic would , after all , claim to be fulgencio sanchez 's guest if they were not . 
 beyond it , a driveway of new asphalt was divided by a string of beautiful flower gardens . 
 to one side of the driveway , golfers warmed up on a driving range , while the other afforded a view of the eighteenth green and fairway . 
 the road ran toward an enormous parking lot adjacent to the clubhouse , which was a copy of an old mansion from the american south , as if they had transplanted a little piece of augusta national to europe . 
 it was ridiculous , not a patch on the more spanish courses . 
 but the local heavy hitters and free-spending tourists thought much of the layout , and a local consortium of businessmen was making out like bandits off of it . 
 i have never been a great golfer ; an attempt as a younger man was instructive with respect to my tolerance for my own athletic shortcomings , and my clubs wound up at the bottom of a pond , although i briefly thought i might have a future at the game . 
 i have since enjoyed gambling on a sport with so many permutations , however , and i admit to a real rush , looking around the place as a parking valet directed me . 
 twenty terracotta tile steps , beautifully patterned in dark hues of red and blue , led up towards the main building , to an open `` porch '' area that wrapped around the side of the building and connected with its bar . 
 it contained a series of small guest tables , where a handful of people were sipping icy drinks in the sweltering heat under sun umbrellas , comparing score cards and war stories from their most recent party weekend on ibiza and the last eighteen holes . 
 none of the parties looked like an overweight gangster and his cronies . 
 past the porch patio , a wide corridor led up to the club 's front counter , just inside the pro shop , where people were paying for their rounds and getting directions . 
 i needed to find my bearings ; the younger of the two men manning the counter looked doe-eyed , and i scanned the room for some measure of assistance , waiting until his co-worker was appropriately tied up before whipping my notepad out of my back pocket with enough flourish to be noticed . 
 the younger clerk was over in a moment . 
 `` sir , can i help you ? '' 
 i held my small pencil up in his direction momentarily , as if unable to brook distraction , counting the rows of golf balls on the display shelf in the middle of the room then taking a few notes . 
 i turned to him briefly . 
 `` are there just the two of you on shift right now ? '' 
 he looked puzzled , but nodded . 
 `` si señor , pero ... . . '' 
 i held up a finger again . 
 `` shhh ... i am counting . '' 
 i moved over to the next display case and made a fair show of assessing its contents , took a few more notes , then motioned for the young man to come over . 
 `` if you had to tell head office right now that we were units low for peak-hour traffic , who would be to blame , son ? 
 who 's responsible for inventory here ? '' 
 i took a few more notes , and he stammered , looking over at his co-worker briefly , but unable to get his attention away from the other customers . 
 the young man was perhaps seventeen , and had no idea what i was talking about , which made him nervous . 
 `` do n't look at him son , i asked you the question . '' 
 he held out both open palms : `` señor , i am sure if we ... ... '' i cut him off abruptly . 
 `` none of that nonsense , son . 
 i have a job to do . 
 and right now what i know is that this count is not going to look good when head office compares it with the number of players through today . 
 they look at the numbers , you know . '' 
 i squared up to him , so that i was just a few inches away , looking down at him . 
 `` it is not just all fun and games in the accounting department , let me tell you . 
 we do not get to go out in the sun to play discount golf , as you and your friend do . '' 
 he was sweating . 
 `` no , sir , i know sir . 
 you need to talk to señor gonzalez about inventory ; he handles all of that , sir . 
 he should be back in a few minutes . 
 i can ... . '' 
 he went for his phone , but i waved him off . 
 `` no , no . 
 look ... perhaps this is my fault , perhaps my count is bad . 
 let me look at the sign-ins and see if our estimates are good for this time of day . 
 no point making that mistake again ... '' i directed him over to the counter and he brought up the sign-ins to date for the day . 
 `` we keep a paper backup of all reservations as well , in case the server goes down , '' he said , proud of himself . 
 `` but it 's been fast today . '' 
 i scrolled down through about two hours of tee times , until sanchez 's name came up . 
 that meant he 'd be somewhere around the beginning of the back nine . 
 i looked at the kid then rubbed my head , as if momentarily puzzled , then looked at the numbers in the notepad . 
 `` i feel like i owe you boys a bit of an apology there , son . '' 
 he held up both hands . 
 `` so we 're good ? '' 
 `` my fault . 
 look , i should call my supervisor and see if we can not end these silly surprise inspections . '' 
 i looked at my phone . 
 `` one bar ? 
 where is the best reception here ... . 
 never mind , never mind . '' 
 i made a show of putting the phone to my ear and strode across the room , through the door marked `` first tee . '' 
 one fortunate aspect of la blanca is that it follows urban golf course design , which respects the use of space and often has the first , ninth and eighteenth holes adjacent to each other , for walking convenience . 
 as such , i had a good view down the ninth and tenth fairways from the first tee box . 
 towards the 10th green , an obese man in a bright yellow shirt was chipping onto the green , just inside the shade of some adjacent pine trees and with a slightly larger playing group than normal . 
 by the time i hiked down the fairway , he had already missed two putts , as his playing partners were recounting . 
 `` hey fuli , maybe you want to bet another hundred on this one ? '' 
 laughed a short senior in a wool vest , leaning on his putter along the green 's apron . 
 a rotund man , sanchez must have weighed nearly two hundred kilos ; he was dark-haired and decked out in a light dress shirt , with a yellow sweater tied around his shoulders and white dress pants . 
 he looked up from his putt for a moment to re-assess the distance between the ball and the hole . 
 it could not have been much more than a meter . 
 `` i will take that bet , my friend , '' he said , quickly getting back into position and taking back his putter so quickly it bordered on excitement . 
 he stroked far too hard , tapping the ball a meter past the hole . 
 `` damn ! '' 
 he looked heavenwards and swore several times , a familiar sentiment even to one as conflicted about such matters as i . 
 then he quickly lined up the tap back from the other side . 
 his waiting partners were enjoying the scene and the little man chimed in again . 
 `` two hundred says you do exactly the same thing , put it past the hole , '' he said . 
 sanchez smiled and shook his head , the look of a man who loves a challenge even though he knows he just should not . 
 he gave the man thumbs up . 
 `` henry , man , you have cojones the size of a planet , motherfucker , trying to take more of my money that quickly . 
 i like that , vato . '' 
 he pointed a pudgy finger at the shorter man . 
 `` you got your bet . '' 
 i piped up from the south part of the green . 
 `` gentlemen : do you mind if i put something down on this ? '' 
 i could n't resist , although my better judgment was screaming that interrupting was a bad idea . 
 sanchez was not amused . 
 he had already lined up his shot , and i had disturbed him . 
 he looked at me , then back at the putt . 
 `` do i know you , señor ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i smiled . 
 `` no , señor sanchez , but i 'm sure you will enjoy getting to know me . '' 
 he nodded towards two large goons standing beside his bag , just off the green . 
 `` vincent , i do n't know who this mother is , distracting me when there 's money on the line . 
 so we shall accept his bet , only ... if i miss , it is because he distracted me . 
 so i want you to pay out my bet with henry , and then i want you to pay this little cockroach who just bet against me , and then i will deal with his disturbance . 
 clear ? '' 
 the two goons circled each side of the apron . 
 i confess my sense of self-preservation was sorely lacking and my legs felt a little weak . 
 they led me under the pines ; one pulled back his jacket to reveal a silenced pistol in a shoulder holster . 
 the smaller man named henry was chuckling . 
 `` well , sir , i would say i do not want fulgencio 's men to lobotomize you , but i must admit i would prefer to win the bet . '' 
 sanchez leaned over the putt . 
 he took a short pause in breath then let the put roll . 
 it was only two feet but it seemed an eternity as it slid across the glass-smooth surface towards the cup . 
 time slowed and i heard the pistol being cocked . 
 then the ball was hitting the lip of the cup ... but catching the edge , rolling around the edge now , and around the cup again , too quickly , too ... ... ... . 
 in it dropped . 
 my knees were weak , and i felt like dropping , too . 
 sanchez laughed . 
 he straightened up abruptly and looked at me . 
 `` you owe me two hundred . '' 
 then he smiled . 
 `` who 's money did i just win , anyway ? '' 
 i gave him a half wave and absentmindedly wondered how i had managed to avoid peeing myself . 
 `` max , max castillo . '' 
 i was not sure how connected he was to his own business , so i elaborated . 
 `` i am investigating the ortega murder , on behalf of the diocese . '' 
 `` ah ! 
 a man of god ! '' 
 sanchez said with a laugh . 
 he tossed his putter to one of the goons , acting as his caddy , and the group began to stroll to the next hole . 
 `` do n't pee yourself , max castillo . 
 i lose my temper sometimes but i would n't have let vincent cap you in the middle of the course . 
 but what would possess you to think i would want to talk to you ... . 
 hey ... . '' 
 he had that momentary glimmer of recognition to which i had become accustomed in the year after the newspaper pieces , `` ... . 
 you are the ex-priest , correct ? '' 
 i nodded , unsure what that would mean to him . 
 he just shook his head slowly , taking a cigarette out of his breast pocket , lighting it quickly and exhaling a plume of bluish smoke , then clicking a silver zippo closed and placing it back in his breast pocket . 
 `` what kind of stupid bastard doubles down on god , eh padre ? '' 
 he said , before flicking some ash off of his smoke . 
 there were probably many things fulgencio sanchez did not much like , and i was quite certain being argued with was one of them . 
 he got to his cart and vincent began loading his bag . 
 i walked up beside the cart , aware of the other guard with his hand on his piece , just a few meters away . 
 `` señor sanchez , i genuinely do not wish to waste your time ... '' he laughed . 
 `` nobody wastes my time , padre . 
 if i felt you were wasting my time ... . 
 you would no longer be here . '' 
 `` so you do n't mind talking to me about ortega ? '' 
 sanchez flipped down his sunglasses . 
 `` i 've got eight more holes to play , padre , and then i 'll be at my usual table in the tavern . 
 best you catch up with me then , eh ? 
 i do n't really feel like talking to you about anthony ... but you do owe me money . '' 
 i waited for them to finish their round by sipping a beer at the bar , grabbing a stool right by the servers ' station . 
 the club was a little emptier than i would have expected for the late afternoon , and the bartender , in red waistcoat and bowtie , was busy wiping down his counter , replacing peanuts and putting out new coasters . 
 a television with the latest la liga news was hung in an upper corner , and behind him , rows of bottles were reflected in a giant bar mirror . 
 above the stools , a pergola-type overhead structure held rows of wine glasses . 
 it was a classy place , with ferns in the corner , and not the kind of bar to which i was accustomed . 
 my places usually had a more ... relaxed feel . 
 `` quiet , '' i said casually . 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's surprising so far . 
 the recession is still kicking us . 
 we get the same five drunks here every day , and about half the golfers of last summer . '' 
 i nodded sympathetically . 
 it was true : layoffs had been rampant across benidorm for the last four years , but there were recent signs of better days ahead . 
 `` still , i suppose having a body show up on the course created some interest ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` oh , yeah , sure . 
 in that first week , the media were all over the place as well , and those people go through liquor like they need it to live . '' 
 the bartender poured himself a coffee and kept chatting . 
 `` by the later evening , we 'll be busier . 
 the tips are still good here in evening , which is why everyone wants that shift . 
 it can get pretty packed in here . 
 most of the tables are full by 6 p.m. , and it 's even more popular when there is a live show . '' 
 that reminded me : i had to take out somemoney to pay off fulgencio sanchez . 
 they had an atm in the corner of the bar and i withdrew three hundred euros . 
 i looked down at the crisp bills fanned out in my hand and cringed at the prospect of going through so much of my summer vacation budget at one time . 
 i went back to the bar and ordered a peroni . 
 `` so maybe you can help me with something ... . '' 
 i asked the bartender . 
 he 'd seen me walk over to the atm . 
 i had to remember to not do that right before talking to the staff . 
 `` maybe . 
 it will depend greatly upon your request , señor . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` nothing too sinister . 
 i am just hoping you can point out señora ortega to me when she enters the bar . '' 
 the bartender 's eyes narrowed and he eyed me suspiciously . 
 `` insurance investigator ? 
 you have n't seen her face on the news ? '' 
 i did not reply ... exactly . 
 instead , i winked back at him knowingly . 
 you will come to see that in my particular line of work , being deceptive without actually lying becomes something of a commonplace occurrence . 
 and it was easier than discussing why i did not watch much news . 
 he nodded a few times but said nothing . 
 i slipped twenty euros across the bar . 
 the bartender carefully folded it in two and tucked it into his inside breast pocket . 
 `` she 's got the back corner table on the front porch area reserved for herself and a guest tonight . 
 i would expect her `` friend '' , the frenchman , will be joining her . '' 
 `` what time ? '' 
 he thought about it for a moment , as if guesstimating . 
 `` i 'd say probably 8 p.m. . 
 they 've been here almost every night since he died . 
 the first couple of nights they were very withdrawn , kind of kept to themselves and played the part of the mourning friends , i guess . 
 the bartender did n't sound too fond of ortega . 
 `` not your favorite customer ? '' 
 he looked puzzled . 
 `` who ? 
 the wife ? '' 
 `` no , ortega . '' 
 he snorted at that then took another sip of coffee , his eyes narrowing as he thought back . 
 `` ortega ... i do n't know . 
 to be honest , you hear a lot of things ... . . '' 
 i pulled my wallet back out and slipped him another twenty euros . 
 `` so what have you heard , my friend ? '' 
 he leaned over the bar conspiratorially . 
 `` he was a rude bastard , i 'll tell you . 
 always putting down the staff , and even the people he played against . 
 well ... everyone except fulgencio sanchez , of course . 
 he was mean , but i never got the sense that he was a foolish man . 
 he was the center of attention in most rooms , except when he played against sanchez and the two of them commanded the porch , like a meeting of the big bosses or something . '' 
 i thought about it . 
 `` so how did people around him react to this ? '' 
 he pursed his lips and shook his head gently . 
 `` outwardly , not at all . 
 but when his back was turned , looks like daggers would fly from all directions . 
 and a few times , conversations at the bar were about how he managed to win so much money at golf with such a terrible swing , as well as how he seemed to get in on all the best real estate deals . 
 i mean , his wife has gallivanted around with another man for the longest time , and yet nobody begrudges her , nobody says anything . 
 you have to figure that is kind of a statement . '' 
 `` so he did not add up ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` something definitely off . 
 cheap bastard , too . 
 i had an american senator who came year after year until he croaked . 
 same vibe . 
 same sense that they just did n't give a shit if you even existed . '' 
 i finished the beer . 
 `` you got any decent scotch ? '' 
 `` laphroaig ? '' 
 `` that 'll do the trick . 
 a couple of ice cubes , too . '' 
 he poured the drink then placed the bottle on the back shelf . 
 `` you know , if you really need to get the scoop of what is happening around here , you should talk to the caddies . 
 they spent three or four hours at a time with the guests . 
 those guys hear everything . '' 
 i downed the scotch . 
 `` then i guess that 's who i should talk to next . '' 
 the bartender nodded towards the empty glass . 
 `` you sure knock it back for an insurance investigator , you know ? '' 
 `` well , '' i said , getting up to leave , `` i have a complicated life . '' 
 i had about an hour to wait until sanchez finished his round and señora ortega showed up for her evening . 
 the caddy station was just around the corner from the main building , so it seemed like good timing . 
 the bishop had mentioned that edgar useche 's son was a caddy , and a handful sat around talking and taking the odd practice swing . 
 `` sergio ? 
 one of you guys sergio useche ? '' 
 no one said anything , but after a short pause , a thin youth of perhaps sixteen with curly black hair stepped forward . 
 `` señor ? '' 
 `` i 'm max , i 'm a friend of your father . 
 can i talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 the kid looked suspicious . 
 `` do you mind if i call him and check ? '' 
 that surprised me . 
 kids were paying more attention these days . 
 `` of course , that 's a good idea . '' 
 he pulled out a smart phone and made a quick call , nodding several times . 
 `` he says you 're okay . '' 
 sergio gestured to the caddy station . 
 `` you want to talk here ? '' 
 `` let 's hit the bar . 
 i 'll grab you a soda , '' i said , feeling like a prude ; the kid was probably seventeen or eighteen , but it was not my place to buy him a beer . 
 we grabbed a table on the porch . 
 `` so is the kid who worked at the ortega house in gandia working tonight ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` no , he 's off for a couple of days . 
 he has to get a ride in , so he 's not usually in benidorm on his downtime . '' 
 `` you like him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he 's okay , i guess . 
 why 'd you want to know that ? '' 
 `` just trying to get the biggest picture possible . '' 
 he nodded and took a sip of his soda . 
 `` dominic is a nice guy . 
 we grew up literally down the street from each other in gandia . 
 he works two jobs , he 's diligent . 
 he has to put up with a lot from a lot of different rich shitheads . '' 
 `` so what did he tell you guys he saw at ortega 's ? '' 
 sergio snorted at that . 
 `` he went over to clean the pool one afternoon , and so he goes in through the back gate , which is behind the spot in the courtyard where all the chairs are located . 
 so they do n't see him come in . 
 and she 's on top of him on one of the deck chairs , getting it on with this french dude , who has been over there before . 
 so dominic is no fool ; he makes like he can not avoid but walk in on them . 
 a few minutes later he 's walking out better off than when he arrived . '' 
 `` he blackmailed them ? '' 
 the kid waved his hands frantically . 
 `` oh hey , no ! 
 that 's not what i said . 
 i did n't say that shit . 
 i said he left richer than when he arrived . 
 i do n't know how that came about . '' 
 the math was n't exactly challenging . 
 i took a swallow of beer as the kid nervously played with his bottle 's label . 
 across the room , a couple had just taken another corner table at the far end of the porch . 
 the man was fortyish , with silvering temples to his dark hair . 
 his suit was steel-grey silk , hand cut , and he bore a collection of signet rings . 
 the woman was classically beautiful , but beginning to show signs of age . 
 she was perhaps five feet two inches tall , with dirty blonde hair , perfectly fit in a snug black cocktail dress . 
 i nodded in their direction to the kid . 
 `` that them ? '' 
 the kid took a quick glance towards the other table with all the tact of a crossing guard . 
 `` yeah , that 's esperanza . 
 the guy 's name is alain vigneault . 
 apparently he owns a vineyard near perpignan , just across the border . '' ' 
 `` well , i suppose i had best say hello . '' 
 perpignan is a nice town , but you have to be doing pretty well and have a decent source of income to be able to afford to live there . 
 i walked over to their table and waited until their attention shifted . 
 `` señora ortega ? 
 señora ortega , i hope you do n't mind , but i am an investigator . 
 i am just wrapping up some of the pertinent details about your husband 's death . '' 
 she turned , pained , to vigneault . 
 `` alain , i do n't know how much more of this ... . . '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` please , ma’am , it will not take long . 
 i promise . '' 
 vigneault gave her a reassuring look that suggested it was best to get the process out of the way , once more , and patted her on the hand . 
 she motioned to another seat at the small table . 
 `` please , señor , sit . '' 
 `` what can you tell me about your husband , señora ? 
 can you think of anyone at all , anyone you might not have thought to mention to police who might wish to see your husband dead ? '' 
 she looked down demurely . 
 `` my husband was like a saint , señor ... . '' 
 `` castillo . 
 max . '' 
 `` señor castillo , many people do not realize this but the great wealth of the church in this region was largely built on donations from my husband over the last 20 years . 
 that wealth has helped the church do so much good . 
 so no , señor . 
 i can not think why anyone should kill him . 
 besides , he has ... . 
 had a bodyguard . '' 
 `` he is no longer with you ? '' 
 she put down her fork and crossed her fingers appearing somewhat frustrated . 
 `` he decided to find new employment upon my husband 's passing . 
 on the night my husband disappeared , he gave his guard the night off . 
 he has not been back since . 
 now , i am ... almost all alone . '' 
 i had counseled several grieving families during my short time in the priesthood , and real grief was less hollywood . 
 it is a good thing neither was looking at me , as señora ortega leaned on vigneault 's shoulder to sob ; the sardonic disgust must have been coming off me in waves . 
 besides , there were already indications her description of her late husband was not accurate . 
 `` was it not the case that several people had lost large amounts of money to your husband at golf ... and some even more at business ? 
 i have been getting the impression that he could be tough . '' 
 she dabbed at her eyes with a handkerchief . 
 `` i ... . 
 i would not know of this sort of thing , señor . 
 after all , my husband had many past-times in which i was not involved . 
 i can only tell you my perspective on things . '' 
 i nodded thoughtfully . 
 the waiter came over and i ordered a coffee . 
 vigneault asked for another double scotch . 
 he was shifting in his seat , the leather squeaking every so often , and it was becoming clear that the longer i stayed and asked questions , the more uncomfortable he would become . 
 `` what about you , monsieur vigneault ? '' 
 i wanted to interject his name before he introduced himself . 
 the fact that i already knew it might unnerve him even further . 
 `` can you think of anyone who would want señor ortega out of the picture ? 
 can you perhaps think of someone who would want to come between señora ortega and her husband ? '' 
 he shook his head disapprovingly , hunched forward , his forearms on the table and his gold cufflinks gleaming under the light of the candle in the table center piece . 
 `` such a good man ! 
 such a good man , '' he said . 
 `` i considered anthony ortega a friend ... no ! 
 he was more like a brother to me . 
 or , perhaps , a cousin . 
 a much , much-loved cousin . '' 
 he was nodding solemnly . 
 he reminded me of remigio , my landlord 's snake of a lawyer -- more oily than the region 's entire olive crop . 
 vigneault 's suit was silk , however . 
 remigio 's was so certainly made of polyester it would burst into flame if held too close to a naked light bulb . 
 not that his name and the word `` naked '' should ever be considered together . 
 `` and are you staying with señora ortega now , m. vigneault ? 
 how is that working for you ? '' 
 the frenchman nodded again . 
 `` it 's just until she feels able to carry on without me . 
 as you can understand , such a time can be most troubling for a beautiful young woman who has been left on her own . '' 
 she leaned against him and cried some more , quite theatrically . 
 i am not sure why , but the image of the two of them seated there with expressions of such obvious false mourning reminded me of a u.s. televangelist i had seen during my vacation to america a decade earlier , as he and his wife wept on television , noting that god would surely call them to heaven if people did not donate enough money . 
 vigneault was just as convincing -- as sincere as bad french wine cut with anti-freeze . 
 `` but your friend was such a high-ranking member of the local church congregation . 
 surely you are concerned that people will talk ... . '' 
 i had no idea what kind of response i could prompt by playing the morality card but it seemed worth a try . 
 the frenchman just shrugged . 
 he was very cool , vigneault , very sure of himself when he was the center of attention . 
 `` there are always insensitive fools who assume the worst , señor . 
 who are we to worry what they think ? '' 
 he seemed profoundly comfortable in his role as the dashing shoulder to cry on . 
 `` let me tell you ... you see that little man over there ? '' 
 he motioned halfway across the room , where a short , grey haired man in khaki shorts was eating breakfast and drinking a coffee . 
 `` that little weasel is our next door neighbor , ovidio alonso , the restaurateur . 
 he has been whispering all sorts of vulgar comments all over the club ever since anthony was found . '' 
 alonso was engrossed in the paper , alternately flipping through its pages with one hand and scooping up eggs and toast with the fork in his other . 
 he looked over the top of the pages and saw vigneault staring at him . 
 vigneault gave him a small wave , but alonso just buried his head back in the paper . 
 `` has he been whispering to anyone in particular ? '' 
 vigneault nodded . 
 `` he plays regularly with henry parelda , who plays with fulgencio sanchez . '' 
 i turned to señora ortega but flicked a glance at vigneault while asking her the question , a little subconscious cue . 
 `` how did the two of you meet , if you do n't mind my asking ? '' 
 she smiled , leaning forward on her elbow and gazing contemplatively into vigneault 's steely blue eyes . 
 `` alain was down here to work on ... . '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` no , no ma’am . 
 my apologies . 
 how embarrassing ; i thought you would realize . 
 i meant your husband . '' 
 it really was a rotten trick . 
 but the detective game is about getting an honest response , not making friends . 
 she blanched , chagrined , realizing what she 'd said . 
 there were a few other people in the room by now , no doubt for the dinner special , and esperanza cast furtive glances to determine if anyone had heard her . 
 at the other table , useche 's son was finishing up his lemonade , watching me work -- and , more obviously , staring at señora ortega 's chest . 
 she shook her head quickly , as if clearing cobwebs . 
 `` of course , señor , how ... foolish of me . 
 of course , the stress ... '' i waved it off . 
 `` no matter , señora , no matter ... your husband ? 
 how did you meet señor ortega ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 we met ... i was working in the city , in valencia . 
 he was a customer and was very passionate as soon as we met , very pushy . 
 he was such a strong man . '' 
 she had a slightly distant , vacant look as she said it . 
 it seemed like genuine sentiment . 
 `` it must have been hard to maintain your marriage with your husband working so hard . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` anthony ... always made time for me . 
 it ... it was not always ideal , but that is life . '' 
 `` and he has provided for you in his will ? '' 
 this seemed to brighten her mood somewhat . 
 `` yes . 
 he was such a good provider . 
 and i have the houses , some property . 
 i will be fine . '' 
 vigneault chimed in . 
 `` such a good man . 
 such a generous man . '' 
 he had big balls , even for a gigolo . 
 i was almost out to the parking lot when fulgencio sanchez 's voice piped up from behind me . 
 `` hey padre ! 
 you forgot your bet . '' 
 his principal goon , vincent , was standing behind him . 
 thankfully , neither looked upset . 
 `` right here , right here , '' i said . 
 i walked over and peeled off his money . 
 `` so are you inclined to me to talk about your old golfing nemesis , señor ortega ? '' 
 sanchez handed the cash to vincent , who took a money clip stuffed with bills from his inside pocket and added the two hundred euros . 
 vincent 's spanish had a heavy london accent . 
 `` would you like me to make him fuck off , fuli ? '' 
 he put a protective hand on his boss 's shoulder . 
 sanchez patted it . 
 `` no , no vincent . 
 do n't worry , my friend , the padre is just doing his job . '' 
 he took a half-step towards me so that he could lean in close . 
 `` but i 'm only going to say this once , okay padre ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i did n't have anything to do with tony ortega getting his fat head caved in , and if i knew who did , i 'd deal with them myself . 
 i might even buy them cake . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` still , i have a few questions ... . '' 
 he waved me off . 
 `` gahhh ! 
 your difficult nature vexes me , priest . 
 we are done for now . '' 
 it did n't seem sensible to argue so i held up both hands . 
 `` i am just grateful for your time , señor sanchez , '' i said . 
 he turned back towards me and smiled . 
 `` you 're learning , kid . '' 
 **** chapter 4 my trip to la blanca had taught me several things : first , it seemed unlikely that fulgencio sanchez killed tony ortega over losing a game of golf . 
 interrupting his game ? 
 possibly . 
 but either way , he would not have struck out with a nine-iron . 
 he would have had vincent clip ortega behind the ear with a small-caliber bullet that did not make a lot of mess , and then he would have disposed of him properly . 
 and he would not have done it on his favorite golf course . 
 that did n't make sense at all . 
 second , alain vigneault was definitely a gigolo , but my biases were not as broad as the cops ' and he seemed both big enough and motivated enough to have swung the deadly nine iron . 
 he was certainly a golfer , with tell-tale calluses on just one hand , the ungloved one ; it was a sign , as the great american golfer sam snead once noted , of a man who played enough to do so for money . 
 paired with his obscenely obvious affair with ortega 's wife and i had my first real suspect , which would doubtless make the church happy . 
 if they could nab vigneault , perhaps they could nab señora ortega , the bishop would doubtless note . 
 and if she went up , they could nab anthony ortega 's millions . 
 as the last five years had demonstrated , when the police grabbed a first suspect , he was nearly always the guy . 
 most of my cases involved proving infidelity or ownership , but i had talked to enough police officers and lawyers to know most homicides were either pure business or pure passion . 
 vigneault had elements of both involved , and could indict esperanza for any involvement , as well . 
 and third , ortega was no saint . 
 the bartender figured he cheated at golf , multiple people thought he was overbearing , and his street rep was poor . 
 plus , his trophy wife obviously cheated on him both immediately before and after his death , not the sign of a woman in love . 
 he seemed , inexplicably , to get along with the gangster , sanchez , as he beat him regularly at golf without sanchez deciding to put a bullet in his head . 
 the vespa slid into my parking spot near la casilda 's slip . 
 it was just before eight at night and i had been working all day on an empty stomach and several drinks . 
 the pizza i had earlier ordered from mamma 's had been left on the deck with a note that i owed them for it -- a courtesy extended to me , i am somewhat ashamed to say , due to the frequency of my patronage . 
 i cracked a beer , munched on a slice of cold pizza and looked out at the lights of the city . 
 the beaches here were usually occupied later than other areas of the costa blanca and there were still many people about , happy , busy , some of them doubtless unhappy , stressed , overworked , underappreciated . 
 beach communities are like that ; they attract all types , from the happiest party-goer to the man who just wants to escape from urban chaos . 
 stress is the great equalizer ; no matter how happy we are most of the time , we all have to deal with it , whether it 's the hard-working guy standing on his balcony looking at the ocean and smelling the sea breeze , or the jogger , silhouetted against a palm-tree backdrop on her nightly run , or the old man bait fishing off the local pier . 
 it might surprise you to know , but when i was a priest , i felt much greater stress , much greater anxiety about the state of the world . 
 i was doing no more or less at that time than now to contribute to improving that state -- but i certainly did worry about it , far beyond my ability to intercede . 
 most people in the priesthood seemed able to rely on their faith in god to ease that tension , that burden over our shared humanity , via a collective belief that he would eventually ease such suffering . 
 but i never could . 
 and perhaps that is where the rift began . 
 in fact , to me , the very nature of a benevolent omnipotent being would make most of the social stresses in life impossible or , at best , irrational . 
 when challenged on this , the best my colleagues could ever offer was that this being 's ways must simply be beyond our understanding , which seemed to offer them great solace but which was entirely irrational , by the very definition of the term . 
 i pondered this again and once again felt troubled , slightly empty . 
 self-pity is not a flattering trait , but we all engage in it from time to time . 
 i ate another slice of pizza and watched as people began to pack up and prepare to leave the adjacent beach , doubtless heading back to their first - and second-line hotels to eat , siesta , and prepare to party later into the evening . 
 pretty soon , more than half of the city 's workforce would start its day , ensuring that benidorm 's night life shined with as much glitz as the daytime sun glinting off the highrises . 
 truly , to see the city 's skyline , you would assume some lunatic uprooted most of manhattan and dropped it on a white sand beach . 
 my phone 's ring broke me out of my introspection . 
 `` señor castillo ? '' 
 it was vigneault . 
 i 'd left my business card all over the club , including under his wine glass . 
 `` monsieur vigneault . 
 how may i help you sir ? 
 perhaps you 've thought of something that can contribute to my investigation ? '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 he sounded enthusiastic . 
 `` it has occurred to me that you did not mention talking to hilario miguel , anthony 's partner . '' 
 he did n't make sense as suspect , i noted , although i did plan to eventually talk to him . 
 `` the police interviewed him at length . 
 they indicated he was a minority owner of the company . 
 without ortega 's support , he 's looking at bankruptcy , which is an odd reason to want to kill someone . '' 
 vigneault sounded like he knew better . 
 `` it is not such a fait accompli , señor castillo . 
 you might want to ask señor miguel how he came to be in that circumstance in the first place , given that at one time he was the majority shareholder in their holding company , propiedad fortaleza . '' 
 i noted the name . 
 `` so ortega stole the company somehow ? '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i wish i could be more specific , señor castillo , but i do not know the details . 
 espera ... señora ortega , she has heard a lot about her husband in the last year that she did not really wish to know . '' 
 vigneault was being deliberately cryptic with the obvious intent on giving me people other than himself to consider as potential suspects . 
 `` and what about you , monsieur vigneault ? 
 i understand you are a golfer ; perhaps you hit señor ortega with a nine-iron so that you could remain with his wife ? '' 
 he tsk 'd the idea and chortled . 
 `` you are mistaken sir ; as anyone at the club will tell you , i do not play golf . '' 
 now that , i thought , was a lie . 
 no matter . 
 it was something to inquire about later , however . 
 `` what about señora ortega ? 
 you said she 'd had a difficult year ? '' 
 that was off the table , he said . 
 these were matters of concern between her and her husband . 
 `` i can not speak for her . 
 it ... would not be appropriate . '' 
 appropriate ? 
 the irony was as thick as the heat . 
 `` but you must concede , señor , that people will wonder whether a businessman from so far away is involved in the crime ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` si , si . 
 i know what it means , the way people look at me . 
 i am aware of what they are thinking , señor . 
 but i could never do anything that might cause esper ... señora ortega to suffer more , you must realize this , señor . '' 
 `` you are truly in love with her ? '' 
 he was silent for a moment , perhaps waiting for the conclusion of a debate between his heart and his head . 
 `` these issues are private , señor . 
 let people talk : i have nothing to hide . '' 
 two things were bothering me the next morning as i rode downtown to talk to hilario miguel , the bright sun reflecting off the condominium towers and offices as my vespa sped down the broad , palmed-line boulevards . 
 i had n't remembered fulgencio sanchez mentioning why he sent his goons over to warn me off ; and i had no idea why vigneault would lie about being a golfer . 
 there seemed to be nothing gained from it ; there was no guarantee , after all , that ortega was killed by a playing partner . 
 i needed more information on the frenchman , which would mean talking to the other caddy , dominic , and tapping some help from a friend in girona , a city near the french border . 
 but first , señor miguel presented an opportunity to find out why the church 's biggest contributor would be so disliked by so many people . 
 i had no illusions and expected that the answer , as in most cases , would be money . 
 propiedad fortaleza had offices in a brownstone walk-up in a low-rise on the south side , just off avenida madrid . 
 as was the case with many local buildings , the businesses in it shared space with condo owners and a handful of people waiting at the dual elevators were dressed both in office wear and casual . 
 on the fourth floor , the elevator opened up to a narrow , marble-floored hallway , with tan paint and a handful of offices . 
 miguel 's was the closest , the company name etched on the smoked door glass in gold lettering . 
 i had called ahead and made an appointment , for a change , and only had to wait a few minutes before miguel 's cheerful secretary ushered me into his office . 
 miguel was a short , stocky man , with pale pasty skin , red hair and a wispy goatee . 
 he was sweating the moment i walked in , seated behind his desk and in front of a large window -- but then it occurred to me that the air conditioning was obviously out in his office . 
 i pointed to the defunct unit as we took chairs across his desk from one another . 
 `` you should do something about that before you turn into a cured ham , señor miguel . '' 
 he mopped some sweat away from his brow and grinned . 
 `` it has been an interesting week , señor castillo . 
 if you think things are hot in this office , you should try talking to some of my company 's customers . '' 
 his office was cluttered . 
 in a corner behind the door were shelves , piled high with legal binders . 
 on a sideboard along the right wall , were several framed photographs , along with a pile of paper that looked at best unorganized . 
 on the wall were several framed university degrees . 
 he walked over to the sideboard and opened it , revealing a small mini-refrigerator . 
 `` drink ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` a scotch , if you have one . '' 
 he clinked three or four cubes into each glass , then poured us each a stiff one , before taking his relaxed pose behind the desk again and reclining slightly in what appeared to be an old typing chair , his cheap tie pulled down slightly and his top button undone . 
 the sunlight streamed through the window behind him , illuminating just how cluttered the desk and room were . 
 i pointed to the degrees and certificates on the wall . 
 `` you are highly qualified architect , señor miguel . 
 may i ask why you are in land sales and management ? '' 
 miguel shrugged , still smiling pleasantly . 
 `` it is strange how things work out . 
 six months ago , i might have asked that question myself . 
 you sort of drift into these things when you are young , you know ? '' 
 `` and yet , now here you are ... '' he nodded . 
 `` here i am ... '' `` ... your partner dead , your business in debt and you , without the resources to support it . '' 
 he smiled again , but looked a little uncomfortable this time . 
 `` yes , señor castillo , that would be about the sum of it . '' 
 `` this was my principle reason for visiting , to clarify this point . 
 and yet you look like a man whose burdens have been lifted . '' 
 miguel leaned forward on his desk . 
 `` señor castillo , i may not have much left in the way of a business , but i have my health , i have a nice family . 
 businesses fail . 
 we learn and move on . 
 what would you prefer i do , break down every time someone mentions my financial problems ? '' 
 now i was starting to sweat . 
 the room was cloyingly uncomfortable , with no shade on the window and the sun outside rising closer to midday , moisture building across the fine hairs on the nape of my neck . 
 `` a week ago -- or even six months ago , as you say -- you had a partner who was willing to help keep things afloat . 
 that must be difficult , to suddenly be denied that sense of security . '' 
 he put both hands together and leaned forward on the desk , like a professor in a moment of introspection . 
 `` si , si , es verdad . 
 a terrible thing this , terrible . 
 but as i told the investigators i spoke with earlier , i know nothing of anthony 's social life . 
 how could this happen ? '' 
 he shook his head dramatically . 
 i did not say anything , giving him a few moments to fill the silence , see what came out . 
 once again , i got the feeling that the remorse being expressed over anthony ortega 's death was less than sincere . 
 the pictures on the sideboard were dusty ; the first , of miguel with his wife and son , the second of him as a young man , alongside a couple of other young men -- all in sunday best -- and a local priest . 
 young hilario looked so full of hope ... and so many kilograms lighter . 
 age and too many martini lunches had not been good to him . 
 `` a very difficult time , '' he reiterated . 
 `` now , if you have nothing else , señor ... '' i allowed my surprise to show . 
 `` surely sir , you realize i have more questions ? '' 
 `` i am sorry , señor . 
 but as i told the earlier investigators , i do n't really know anything about anyone who would wish to harm anthony . '' 
 `` you knew him for a long time ? '' 
 `` si , we were partners for nearly twenty years , after all . '' 
 i wondered ... perhaps the young men in the photograph ? 
 the youngest was definitely miguel . 
 the middle one might have been ortega . 
 it must have been more than thirty years old . 
 `` but even earlier than that , eh , señor miguel ? '' 
 he noticed that i was looking at the photograph and nodded gently . 
 `` si , we ... we were kids together . '' 
 `` altar boys ? '' 
 the poses looked like dozens i had seen in various priests ' offices around the provinces . 
 he looked slightly distant , remembering back . 
 `` a very long time ago , in gandia . '' 
 miguel looked at the photo then rolled his chair over to the sideboard for a moment to retrieve it before rolling back behind his desk . 
 `` i do n't even know why i keep this out . '' 
 he looked up at me . 
 `` i have a lot of ... issues , from childhood . 
 but we all want to feel young sometimes , i suppose , to remember how that felt . 
 i nodded . 
 `` no doubt , señor miguel , no doubt . 
 believe it or not , i am not so far removed from being an altar boy myself . '' 
 i motioned to the picture . 
 `` you look younger than the other two boys ... ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 no , i was just ... very small for my age . '' 
 `` it must have been difficult . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` how did you get into business with señor ortega ? '' 
 i had to get him to open up . 
 `` my understanding is that he could be an ... aggressive businessman . '' 
 miguel gave a half sigh . 
 `` i suppose , yes , you could describe him that way . 
 but , since you know this , you are obviously implying ... '' `` i 'm not implying anything , hilario . '' 
 i leaned forward , towards him . 
 `` should i be ? 
 if i begin approaching all of the people with whom he dealt over the years , would this ... aggression be a common thread ? '' 
 miguel half turned his head . 
 he looked trapped . 
 `` no doubt that is what you intend to do , should i not discuss this with you ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 he nodded , half turning his chair to look out the window . 
 `` look , it 's disgustingly hot in here and we have quite a lot to go over . 
 let 's go get some lunch and i 'll tell you what you need to know about tony ortega . '' 
 when we left , the exterior waiting area was empty and i surmised his secretary had gone for lunch . 
 we took the elevator down to the ground floor in silence , walking back through the white tiled lobby , with miguel carrying his suit jacket over his shoulder . 
 outside , the sidewalk was busy with lunch-going tourists and workers . 
 `` you may not believe me from my initial concern in talking with you , señor castillo , but i 've wanted to discuss this with someone for some time . '' 
 we walked along the street for two blocks then turned left , before he pointed to a window sign reading `` monsoon bar and grill . '' 
 `` you eat here before ? '' 
 `` no , but i 've heard good things , '' i said . 
 we found a table and the server brought us their menu , which was seafood heavy . 
 i note this not because of its relevance to señor ortega 's death , my friends , but simply because when one lives near the ocean , one sometimes becomes weary of fish for supper . 
 for most , this was just a metaphor for overconsumption . 
 for me , it was quite literal . 
 miguel had no such reservations , ordering a shrimp cocktail to go with his martini . 
 i ordered a hamburger and a beer . 
 `` so tell me , hilario , how does a nice architect like you get mixed up with ortega ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` like you said , we were altar boys together . 
 anthony was always a strong kid , always a bully . 
 when we were young , he learned that he could get his way by getting information on people , holding them hostage with it . 
 when he could not do that , he would use muscle , either his own or another big kid whom he would talk into it in some manner , a hanger-on . '' 
 i sipped my beer and watched the tourists stroll by through the picture window . 
 `` so he was a hood , a gangster , just with a respectable front ? '' 
 miguel nodded , glancing over both shoulders quickly to see if anyone was listening -- then catching himself doing so . 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's still a reaction , to see if he 's nearby listening or if someone else is , someone who might be one of his many ` sources . ' 
 but yes , that describes him perfectly . 
 `` before we were even in college , he had begun flipping land , turning over properties for a quick profit , usually stuff he just seemed to come by . 
 one day , he did n't own it . 
 the next day , he did . 
 it was uncanny , how easily he made money . 
 i doubt much of it was honest , or legal . 
 i never could figure out where he got his first stake . 
 but i 'm sure it was by hurting someone . '' 
 `` so that 's why you were smiling in your office : he 's probably been taking advantage of you for most of your life . '' 
 for a second , he looked as if he would cry . 
 he caught himself , using a napkin to wipe away a tear before it rolled down his cheek . 
 miguel half laughed , half sighed , and was smiling again . 
 `` i know it is a sin to wish a man dead , señor , and i certainly would not say such , but damn his soul ... '' i held up both hands . 
 `` i suppose it must have occurred to you more than once yourself over the years . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` absolutely . 
 i am not a violent man , but working with anthony felt like drowning , like you were caught just a little too far offshore and were going under . 
 there are times when i felt as if i could do it myself , choke the life out of him with my own two hands . 
 `` later , when he had forced me into various bad debts , then extorted me into working for him to get out of them , like an indentured servant , i realized that i now needed him . 
 he had made me totally financially dependent , as long as i was desperate to hang onto the illusion that i still had a business . 
 now , that choice is largely being taken away from me , and i feel richer for it . '' 
 the beer was cold and smooth . 
 `` can you prove any of this ? '' 
 miguel nodded , more vigorous this time . 
 `` si , si . 
 it would not be difficult . 
 he was not a complicated sociopath ; many of his `` takeovers '' were simply a case of hiring local muscle to shake down the appropriate business . 
 if you can get even a couple of those businesses to open up , his behavior will become apparent . '' 
 `` did his wife know about his business dealings ? '' 
 i took a bite of hamburger . 
 he thought about that for a moment , as the restaurant and its clientele clinked away in the background . 
 `` i would have to say no . 
 she has had a couple of lovers , and they were never more than a trophy couple . 
 she hardly ever spoke to him unless spoken too , first , and they became more distant over the years . 
 they had a son , anthony jr. , who was hit by a car more than twenty years ago , when she was a very young woman . 
 but no , i can not see her being involved in that end of things . '' 
 `` but any of his other business opponents might have wanted him dead ? 
 that must be a fairly long list . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` since we were kids , he has been taking advantage of other people up and down the costa blanca . 
 there are plenty of people who would want him dead . 
 if i had to pick one prime suspect , however ... . . '' 
 `` si ? '' 
 he paused for a moment , looking out of the restaurant window for a moment as the midday sun beat down on benidorm . 
 when he spoke , his voice was a half-whisper . 
 `` i would have to say fulgencio sanchez . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 've met him , briefly . 
 he threatened to kill me . '' 
 he sat back . 
 `` i 'm surprised we 're still talking . 
 he does n't usually threaten without following through . '' 
 `` i think he might have been trying to impress his golfing partners , if you can believe that . 
 he made a joke about it immediately . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i can believe it . 
 fulgencio was a couple of years older than both of us . 
 he was sort of the tough guy in the neighborhood before tony came along , though in a different way . 
 with fulgencio it was always about the pack of guys who followed him around -- his gang . 
 i was glad he never paid much attention to me . '' 
 `` but the three of you were in the same church together ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` si , es verdad . 
 can you see either of those two getting any sympathy from god ? 
 and it is not like they changed , señor castillo : both men were trouble from the start . '' 
 `` did they ever work together as adults ? 
 i know they golfed . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that always surprised me , too : they stayed out of each other 's business . 
 i always thought one of them would arrange to have the other killed before any of us was in our thirties . '' 
 i felt sorry for this tubby little man . 
 he had been someone 's slave , at least in spirit , since childhood . 
 then again , that was a fair motive to kill someone . 
 `` do you play golf , señor miguel ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i am absolutely appalling at all sports . 
 are you going to ask me next whether i dug a hole in a sand bunker and put anthony in it ? 
 that is something for someone to be proud of , after all . 
 no , i did n't kill him . 
 i can not say , however , that the idea is unappealing . '' 
 i finished the last bite of my burger and washed it down with the end of the glass of beer . 
 miguel had finished his shrimp and the martini . 
 `` i 'll get this one , '' he said . 
 `` i imagine i 'll be declaring bankruptcy soon anyway , thanks to a certain dead extortionist . 
 i might as well pick up a few lunches . '' 
 hilario miguel could kill a martini , but a business partner ? 
 it did not seem likely . 
 still , there was no way to rule him out , at this point . 
 we walked back to his office and stood outside briefly by the curb to finish our chat . 
 `` so you think sanchez is the most likely suspect ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` as i say , señor castillo ... max ... it 's not as though he did n't have plenty of enemies . 
 but i know what fulgencio was like when he was younger , and i know from reading the papers the kind of man he has become . 
 he and anthony had far more in common than people realized . 
 and i do n't believe it is such an easy thing , for most people to order someone 's death , or to kill with their own hands . 
 fulgencio , on the other hand , has an illustrious resume when it comes to the prematurely deceased . '' 
 i nodded but must have looked unconvinced , because miguel noticed it . 
 `` you do n't like this theory ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just do n't know . 
 it seems to me that ortega and sanchez had some sort of détente , some sort of understanding . 
 why would he break that ? 
 what changed that would make ortega fair game for sanchez ? 
 and if it was an ongoing issue , would it have prompted the kind of temper that would lead a man like fulgencio to lash out , in a moment of passion ? '' 
 it was a valid question , miguel conceded . 
 `` but it 's also worth considering that fulgencio always had a hair-trigger temper . 
 maybe they met up for their weekly golf game , ortega won yet again , and this time his old friend finally lost his mind ? '' 
 i got on the vespa and started it . 
 `` so what about you , hilario ? 
 what are you going to do now ? '' 
 he looked at ease , despite his crumbling financial world . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i guess i 'll call my lawyer , see if i can restructure our debt , maybe keep the company going . 
 hopefully , the financial blowback from any of anthony 's crooked deals wo n't hit too hard ; i might even be able to turn it to my advantage . 
 who knows : maybe i 'll spend more time with my family , even take some golf lessons . 
 he looked up at the sky . 
 `` either way , it 's a beautiful day to be alive . '' 
 that reminded me : before the day was done i had to stop by ortega 's neighbor , and call my contact in girona about a certain other golfer who might have been equally happy to see ortega deceased . 
 the ortegas ' neighbor ovidio alonso owned a restaurant near the port , just a few blocks in the other direction from hilario miguel 's office . 
 it advertised itself as offering `` traditional spanish fare . '' 
 whether it was good or not i do not know ; like most locals , i found the idea of paying for food i could eat at our family home humorous , to say the least . 
 i was not going to pay fifteen euros for paella when my mother cooks about two kilos of the stuff every sunday . 
 but as soon as i entered , it was evident the tourists liked it a lot . 
 the place was packed to the rafters , with a handful of others waiting for tables . 
 the front-of-house directed me to the back corner , where alonso had his ` office ' -- a booth he semi-permanently occupied . 
 vigneault 's mention of him had brought him to my attention , which did not speak highly to my detective skills . 
 it had not occurred to me as yet to talk to ortega 's neighbors , because he lived in gandia , twenty minutes down the road , and i made a mental note to think further afield in future . 
 alonso was a short , wizened man , perhaps in his early seventies , although it may have been that a little too much sun had aged him prematurely , as is often the case here . 
 he shook my hand enthusiastically . 
 `` when you called to say you were investigating anthony ortega 's death , my first notion was to telephone you , so that when you caught the guilty party , i could offer him my thanks and perhaps some defense money . '' 
 that was quite an opening . 
 he had a pair of loveseats and a coffee table in one corner , and bade me sit while he grabbed a carafe of coffee . 
 `` i would offer you something stronger , but we can be quite a rowdy place at night with the british visitors , and we have a ` no drinking ' policy for all staff . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` a show of character on your part . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i own the place , señor castillo . 
 but i 'm not some rich asshole . 
 i own it because i 'm old . 
 i owned it back in the days when good local people could afford good local property . 
 before the skyscrapers dominated the skyline and made us so urban . '' 
 alonso poured me a coffee . 
 `` so , my dearly departed neighbor ... '' `` evidently you did not think much of him ? '' 
 he chuckled at that and took a sip of coffee . 
 a kitten had jumped up onto the arm of his loveseat and he tickled its head affectionately . 
 `` ay , roger , why are you always surprising me , little one ? 
 heh , he 's quite the little hell raiser , this one . '' 
 alonso put down his coffee . 
 `` i did not think much of anthony ortega , señor castillo , and i would venture further to say that , should someone claim they thought a lot of him , they would have to be either an enormous liar , or completely insane . 
 he was easily the most disreputable , nasty , greasy , and self-involved a man as i ever encountered . '' 
 `` so the two of you did not get along ? '' 
 he shook his head quickly . 
 `` outwardly , we were pleasantly friendly : a wave here and there as we went out into our respective front driveways to leave for the day ; a piece of mail brought over because it was delivered to the wrong house . '' 
 `` basic courtesy , then ? '' 
 his coffee was excellent . 
 `` si , si . 
 but on many occasions over the year , i had an opportunity to overhear how he talked to people on his phone when he did not realize ears were nearby ; how he spoke to his wife , how he treated her after their son 's death . 
 the way he would condescend to his business partner . 
 i do not know whether he thought anything of me , or whether he even paid attention to the lives of others , but i could guess based on how he treated people that the only sound ortega ever paid much attention to was his own voice . '' 
 evidently , alonso could charitably have been called an `` active listener . '' 
 he took another sip of coffee , then shooed the kitten off of his lap so that he could recline comfortable beside the loveseat 's arm . 
 `` i am getting old , señor castillo , and i learned many years ago that when you are confronted by the ongoing presence of an obnoxious asshole , your best bet is to try not to be seen and wait until they get tired or bored and leave . 
 and so i have avoided contact with my neighbor over the years , even though we go to the same club , and even though i have had many occasions over the years to be aware of his local business dealings . '' 
 i finished off my cup of coffee . 
 `` i almost hesitate to ask this , señor , but can you think of anyone who would want him dead ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` i can not think of many people who would not , señor . 
 if i had to choose someone , i would pick his wife . 
 she has suffered with him for twenty five years , since she was a young woman , and i can attest to the sound of him slapping her around at night that she did suffer , even after his son died . '' 
 i leaned forward . 
 it was the second time he 'd mentioned that . 
 `` the son ... '' he nodded . 
 `` tragic . 
 she was speeding , she had perhaps had too much to drink , although ortega managed to make any related charges go away . '' 
 `` she killed their own kid ? '' 
 `` rolled the car . 
 they publicly had a loud fight , at the club , and he had ordered her to go home . 
 he blamed her , she blamed him . 
 it was a mess , although most people did not hear the turmoil it caused , because most people did not have the misfortune of living next door to them . 
 i swear , i would have been a lot happier if i could have prompted them to move years ago . '' 
 `` when did she start cheating on him ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you know about that ? 
 good ! 
 you are doing your job , señor ! '' 
 alonso refilled both coffees . 
 `` i would say two years , but i could not be sure . 
 the first one was a maintenance boy who worked on their property , i would say perhaps fifteen months ago . 
 i had chance to spy upon their meeting in the ortega 's fenced backyard , because my bedroom balcony is higher . '' 
 `` and the second ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the second is the frenchman : vaillancourt , vichyssoise , something like that ... '' `` vigneault ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that has been going for about a year . 
 at first , he found excuses to come down . 
 i could hear her plotting with him over the phone while she lounged in their backyard . 
 eventually , he bought a condo down the street , ostensibly so he could hang out with his ` good friend , ' anthony , '' alonso said derisively . 
 `` in truth i was surprised ortega allowed it . 
 i much suspect he was biding his time until he could figure out what vigneault was up to . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` so ... what did he think vigneault was up to ? '' 
 alonso shrugged . 
 `` it is impossible to say , señor , from the little that i know . '' 
 `` but you think it was the wife , not vigneault , who killed him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` perhaps he helped , but i somehow doubt it . 
 he is too much of a ... i do n't know , a fancy boy . '' 
 `` a gigolo ? '' 
 alonso smiled . 
 `` exactly , my friend . 
 exactly . '' 
 that was interesting . 
 a generational thing , perhaps ? 
 vigneault may have taken advantage of women , but he did not strike me as a wilting flower . 
 `` i have to assume you know who fulgencio sanchez is , señor alonso ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` si , si . 
 and i know he and ortega golfed together , although i never saw it . 
 again , he liked to brag on the phone that he had taken money off the most notorious gangster in the province . '' 
 `` but you do n't think fulgencio sanchez might have been involved ? '' 
 alonso shrugged and smiled . 
 `` whether i did or not , señor , i would certainly have the good sense not to talk about it out loud . 
 ortega 's wife , on the other hand , was a woman badly scorned . 
 he cheated on her . 
 he lied to her , he beat her . 
 if i find out she did not kill the bastard , '' he said with a sigh , `` i will probably think less of her . '' 
 benidorm is a town of contradictions . 
 even though the city has more skyscrapers per capita than anywhere in europe -- some of the locals sarcastically nicknamed it `` beniyork '' years ago , after new york -- it also has local planning regulations that require a certain relief space around each building , usually with palm trees . 
 as such , it feels open , accessible ... even when the streets are packed with tourists . 
 for every skyscraper full of middle-class britons on package deals , there is a nice villa or townhouse , where aesthetic considerations still matter , and for every fish and chip shop , someone who still knows how to make great paella . 
 and even though most of the city is recent , the old town still exists across the main drag from the port -- and my slip -- in a small niche between two beaches , separated only by a stone pier from which fishing tours frequently depart . 
 there are still plenty of people here who remember what things were like before the blue-flag beach boom of the 1960s , when it was still a fishing town . 
 in fact , the entire coast line had a centuries-old , proud tradition , and an important role in spanish history and culture . 
 yet , if you were to stop someone on the street and ask directions , there is a very good chance they would not even speak the language . 
 nevertheless it had been my home now for a decade , and there was still something relaxing about sitting on the deck of my boat , watching the afternoon kite flyers . 
 sometimes , the winds off the balearic sea were strong enough to make windsurfing and kite sailing popular with many of the locals . 
 and on these days , the tides tended to be higher and harder , and the surfers had more waves to work with . 
 i had a cup of orange pekoe tea -- a taste i had acquired from an english client -- and then called samantha gamboa , a reporter i knew working at the newspaper in girona . 
 she was interesting , samantha , the child of an english father and a spanish mother , very bright , very fluid with her writing -- a natural . 
 she had picked girona for the skiing and the availability to the rest of europe , as it sat close to the french border . 
 and she did a lot of work on the other side , in and around perpignan , the alleged home of alain vigneault . 
 `` so what are you looking for with this guy ? '' 
 she was not just being helpful ; gamboa had good instincts for a story . 
 `` and most importantly , what are you going to tell me about it ? '' 
 `` you get first dibs , sam , i promise . 
 but you have to hold off until i figure this one out . '' 
 `` so who is this guy , anyway ? '' 
 i had emailed her vigneault 's picture before dialing . 
 `` hmm . 
 i was hoping he might be particularly notorious and you 'd recognize him right off . '' 
 damn . 
 that meant i was going to have to wait for sam to nose around . 
 she sighed . 
 `` come on max , cut me some slack . 
 it 's not like we do n't get our own tourist trade up here . 
 things are busy . 
 i do n't remember every bad guy . '' 
 `` can you hit up your sources on the french side ? 
 he is supposed to be from perpignan . 
 he is going by `` alain vigneault '' but i would not be surprised to find he uses another name up there . '' 
 gamboa chuckled . 
 `` a grifter . 
 you know i love grifter stories , max . '' 
 `` this one is something else , sam , although i do not yet know how this man is involved . 
 he is a golf shark , i think . 
 heavy tan , calluses on his left hand . 
 he is supposed to be a vineyard owner . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` is n't everyone , max ? 
 every piece of scrub land around here that once grew grapes and has some broken down old finca on it is called a vineyard . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` si , that is about the sum of it . 
 i highly doubt this man has a serious working operation . '' 
 sam promised to contact her sources with the gendarmerie and the local tourism community and get back to me when she knew something concrete which , knowing sam , would not be long . 
 `` hey max , '' she asked , `` this would n't have anything to do with a certain high-profile murder down there , would it ? '' 
 that was a good try . 
 `` sam , like i said ... first dibs . '' 
 i got off the phone , cracked a beer , taking a position of maximum relaxation in the deck chair , and resumed watching the kite flyers . 
 it was apparent i was not going to get my vacation back until i figured this case out . 
 and that was incentive enough . 
 i had been relaxing , reading a book and napping for about two hours when my phone rang . 
 it was nick garcia . 
 `` you at home ? '' 
 he sounded urgent . 
 `` as i said , nicky , i am on vacation . '' 
 `` you sure you do n't have anything else to tell me ? '' 
 now he sounded stern . 
 `` now nicky , would i hold anything back from an old friend ? '' 
 `` huh . 
 are you kidding ? 
 when do n't you ? 
 anyway , are you still digging away at the ortega case ? '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i may be . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` do n't go anywhere . 
 i 'll be right over to get you . '' 
 he arrived about twenty minutes later in a marked car , with a detective , and a squad member driving . 
 garcia waved both men off and left them in the car , which idled in the parking lot next to the dock in most ecologically unfriendly fashion . 
 `` so what can i help you with , nicky ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` depends . 
 someone put a bullet between hilario miguel 's eyes this afternoon in his office . 
 his secretary says you were the last person to go in there any talk with him . '' 
 i exhaled deeply . 
 damn . 
 miguel was a decent man , in indecent circumstances . 
 `` she is not the most observant secretary in the world , nicky . 
 after i talked to him , we walked out of his office to go get a meal and she 'd taken off for lunch , so she would n't have seen me leave . 
 the staff at the restaurant could confirm we were there . 
 i left him outside his office building after we had eaten . '' 
 nicky knew me well enough to know the story would check out . 
 `` so someone else snuck in thinking he told you something important . 
 so what the hell did he tell you , max ? '' 
 i had to play this carefully . 
 if i revealed ortega 's true character to nicky , the police would be all over this thing and quickly scare off any decent leads . 
 it was not that i thought them incompetent -- as i said , people who underestimate the police usually pay for it -- but they had missed so much already , it did not seem a sensible bet . 
 `` he 's going broke . 
 he was relying on ortega 's money ... . . '' 
 garcia cut me off . 
 `` we know that stuff already . 
 what else , maxi ? 
 there must be something . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he said he was going to try to rebuild his business . '' 
 garcia thought about that for a minute , then shook his head . 
 `` i do n't see the relevance . 
 do you ? '' 
 i shook my head , thinking about how happy hilario had been to realize he finally could get on with life without his bully 's interference . 
 it was a damn shame . 
 `` i wish i knew , nicky . '' 
 he got up to leave . 
 `` you know maxi , back in the old days , i remember standing up for you in the neighborhood , and i know what a good man you are . 
 but i always get the feeling you are not being entirely open with me . '' 
 the cruel darkness of evening was coming , and the kite flyers began to abandon the beach as the wind whistled in off the water . 
 `` if you ever stopped by for purely social reasons , nicky , '' i said , `` you might learn all sorts of interesting things . '' 
 **** chapter 5 i planned to drive over to hilario miguel 's office the next morning to take a look at the scene , if nick could get me past the cordon . 
 it seemed likely that the forensic unit would be gone already . 
 but first , i had to see man about a horse , specifically a three-year-old named madrigal who was running in the sixth at sandown park . 
 many britons do not realize this , but horse racing in their nation is the subject of almost as much betting per capita in spain as in britain . 
 we spaniards love to bet on horses as much as we love paella on sunday , apparently . 
 as such , benidorm is littered with betting shops , usually positioned illegally behind small corner stores . 
 i can tell you the location of any such establishment with the unerring accuracy of a fox in a henhouse . 
 the only problem is that i am usually the hen , and the bookies are the foxes . 
 i only bet , really , on four things : football , poker , horse racing ... and then whatever else is available . 
 my track record has not been good over the years , but the excitement of an event when money is on the line is unparalleled , like sprinting to the finish line without even moving . 
 when it finishes with a win ? 
 it is like a bonus prize . 
 it reminds me that i am alive , which i suppose is a very dangerous thing . 
 i put a hundred euros down on madrigal , whom the racing sheets suggested was a mudder -- a horse than runs great in muddy weather . 
 it was supposed to rain in southern england that day and i was banking on it hitting the guilford area early enough to slow the track down . 
 afwan , the dreadlocked and wool-hatted african guy who ran the counter , just shook his head in despair . 
 `` max , you are the worst judge of prospects i have ever known , man , and as such , i am happy to take your bet . 
 but i swear , you make me feel guilty , i 'm taking so much of your money . '' 
 the city was hot already , even though it was just over 10 a.m. , and palm trees that sprouted along and between various streets and boulevards were still . 
 the hottest days on the costa blanca came when the wind died to nothing , the palm trees along the boulevard sitting perfectly still . 
 along avenida madrid , the huge corner restaurant and bar artigas iii was already serving a few customers , and within a few hours its patio would be packed with tourists from across europe and north america , all sampling paella and beer . 
 i walked the few blocks up to the side street that was home to miguel 's office . 
 it seemed odd that just a day earlier , we 'd been talking right there , and now ... ahead , yellow police tape had been extended from one side of the building , to a nearby lamp standard , to a telephone poll and back to the building on the other side . 
 despite the amazing urban skyline , benidorm is still a city of just about eighty thousand souls , and such sights are still rare , so a fair number of gawkers had gathered on the other side of the tape , trying to find out what was going on . 
 an officer was stationed outside and occasionally lifted the tape for a building resident to come or go . 
 `` nick garcia on scene ? '' 
 i said , trying to sound as official as possible . 
 the young officer nodded up towards the building and lifted the tape for me . 
 then he keyed his mic . 
 `` psst . 
 what 's your name , sir ? '' 
 `` castillo . '' 
 `` sir , we 've got a castillo coming up to see you . '' 
 inside the building , a few officers were still carrying evidence items out to an identification van . 
 on propiedad fortaleza 's floor , a second police tape closed off the entrance to miguel 's office . 
 garcia was waiting for me at the door . 
 `` explain to me again why you wanted to take a look at this place ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i was here less than a day ago , nicky . 
 i just want to see if anything is obviously amiss . '' 
 `` just do n't touch anything , '' he said . 
 `` poke your head around the corner , and leave it at that . '' 
 and so i did . 
 they had marked off an area around miguel 's desk with small flags to denote evidence spots . 
 a considerable amount of blood spatter still covered the desktop , and the window behind it , but otherwise the room looked nearly identical to when i 'd left . 
 near identical . 
 something was off , but i could n't place it at first . 
 the pile of papers on his desk was where i 'd remembered it , albeit now bloody . 
 on the sideboard , the picture of his family was untouched . 
 the other photograph , however , had been taken . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 he said , sounding tired . 
 i shook my head ... but did not actually answer the question . 
 again , not technically a lie . 
 and then i changed the subject . 
 `` he was a nice guy , nicky . 
 a nervous type , never too happy . 
 but a nice guy , anyway . 
 had a wife and a kid . 
 he did not deserve this . 
 he looked so damned happy the last time i saw him . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` whatever you say , maxi . 
 i 'm sure he 'd seen happier days than yesterday . '' 
 now it seemed imperative that i figure out the connection between anthony ortega and fulgencio sanchez . 
 hilario miguel 's killing had been a professional-style hit ; to be looking for something as specific as that old picture suggested whoever ordered the hit was either in the frame , or did not want the sanchez-ortega connection to become clear . 
 that meant talking to the gangster again . 
 judging by our first encounter , he would not be particularly interested , and that meant that i needed an edge of some sort , some way to compel cooperation . 
 losing more money to him , as persuasive as it might have been , was not really an option . 
 i did not really have any more to lose . 
 i was pondering this as i walked back to the boat , and might have come up with a decent idea , had i not been so rudely interrupted . 
 the two heavies , agostinho and tomas , had returned for an encore performance . 
 they were waiting on deck for me . 
 agostinho was already drinking an estrella . 
 `` why do n't you help yourself to some of my beer while you 're visiting ? '' 
 i offered . 
 tomas pulled a nine millimeter out of his waistband and placed it on the table . 
 `` you think you are funny , do n't you , padre ? 
 i thought i told you that i expected you to drop the anthony ortega investigation , and now i hear that you are neck deep in it . 
 you can not underestimate how much this displeases me , after we were so specific about how upset we would be . '' 
 i stared at his taught , whiskered features , squinting against the summer sun . 
 `` why does your boss care so much about this case , tomas ? 
 if you do n't mind my using your first name ... . . '' 
 he played with the gun absent-mindedly , spinning it in place as it lay on its side on the coffee table , as if playing a game of russian roulette in which no one would take a turn . 
 `` i do mind , padre . 
 you see , i feel like perhaps you are laughing at me . 
 perhaps you are not taking our message seriously , like you think we are friends or something . 
 and this would make me feel less than efficient in the performance of my contracted duties . 
 you understand , right ? '' 
 agostinho was getting impatient and antsy , shuffling in place on the wooden boat deck . 
 `` you want i should beat some sense into him , tomas ? '' 
 the smaller man shook for no . 
 `` not yet . 
 no , the priest gets one more warning ... then we take him offshore a ways , see how much blood and fish guts we can dump in the water , then hold him upside down in it by his ankles , see what bites . '' 
 he picked the gun up and put it back into his waistband . 
 `` are we about clear , padre . 
 you get this one final warning . 
 stay off the ortega case . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the voice came from the pier , where my poker mate aurelio , a short , brown-haired lad in a black t-shirt , was watching the proceedings , along with a half-dozen of his young friends . 
 `` hey max , you having any problems with these gentlemen ? '' 
 tomas 's hand instinctively went to his waist band , but i shook my head gently . 
 on the pier , the young men were collectively holding back shirts to display and an array of similar firearms . 
 `` you 're seriously outgunned right now , my friend . 
 i do not like to get involved in my young friends ' business , but i do know that if that gun comes out of your waistband , it will be the last thing you do . '' 
 he stood up , backed up with both hands up . 
 `` you win this round , padre , '' he said . 
 i shook my head again . 
 `` no , no i do n't . 
 this is not a situation for winners . 
 look , you 've made your point and we all get to govern ourselves accordingly . 
 but i am fortunate , my friend , in that i seem to have a lot of friends around just about any corner . '' 
 they backed off the boat , slowly , the little balding one keeping his eyes on me throughout . 
 they shoulder-bumped their way through the crowd of youth and to their car , before peeling out of the parking lot to a cheer from aurelio 's friends . 
 he jumped on board , a skinny young guy with a thin , wispy moustache . 
 `` max , man , what the fuck are you up to ? '' 
 we shook hands and bumped knuckles . 
 `` you know , for an ex-priest you do seem to piss a lot of people off , eh ? '' 
 if caridad was my most successful street reclamation project , aurelio was my bitterest disappointment , though i would never tell him that ; he had been orphaned since the age of three , and the last thing he needed was to feel more like a failure or an outsider . 
 still , as receptive as caridad had been to alternatives to street crime , aurelio was equally resistant . 
 i had managed , over the last decade , to keep him from becoming a local gang foot soldier -- but much to my chagrin , he had gone into a sort of freelance business of his own , running a numbers game , a craps game , a poker game , and just about any other short-term gaming throw down in which the house has a statistical advantage . 
 and all the while , the local hoodlums treated the area -- any area -- directly around him as some sort of neutral territory , in exchange for a monthly cut . 
 in a sense it was good , as it allowed him to maintain his sense of community and his friendships . 
 but it always seemed there had to be a better way of handling things -- such as getting an education and a regular job . 
 nonetheless , hope sprang eternal , i thought . 
 `` your timing is pretty good , amigo . '' 
 he nodded , unimpressed . 
 `` yeah , that 's what i thought . 
 who were those maricons ? 
 we 're supposed to be having a texas hold ` em showdown in a couple of hours , and you promised to be there man ! 
 we figure we 'll run across the street to the port , say hello , split a beer with you . '' 
 i smiled sheepishly . 
 `` and instead you find me being menaced by a pair of gangsters . 
 i have to say , aurelio , it is just another case ... though your timing could not have been better or more effective . 
 i suspect they were about to leave without harming me , but now they will think twice before even coming back . '' 
 aurelio gave a half bow . 
 he waved to the crew on the pier then excused them with a quick tilt of his head and a hand gesture . 
 `` you got a beer in that ice chest ? '' 
 i pulled off the white plastic lid and looked inside . 
 i had just two peroni left . 
 still , if anyone deserved one it was my protector . 
 i opened both , then handed him one , and he watched the sweat roll down the green glass . 
 `` you know , max , if there 's any time you need a favor , i 'm getting pretty connected these days . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` that 's what worries me , kid . 
 these guys , these are n't neighborhood guys , firing wildly at a rival 's house . 
 they 're more like , `` put a bullet in the back of his head and dump him at sea '' types . 
 you 've been smart about some of this stuff so far , amigo , pero ... '' aurelio straightened up defensively . 
 `` hey , i can take care of myself , ese . '' 
 i shook my head disapprovingly . 
 `` i know you can , tough guy . 
 holy cripes , man , that is my point . 
 you are smarter than that , and violence just ends out being followed with more violence . 
 you know how that all goes down . '' 
 he sniffed . 
 `` yeah , i suppose . 
 too many times , man , too many times . 
 but hey : that 's why i run my games , keep my nose clean . '' 
 we sat quietly for a few minutes . 
 late afternoon was setting in now , and his friends had departed back across the street to the old town . 
 in the background , the waves rippled , rushed and crashed up the beach , drowning out the sounds of the sunbathing bystanders and their kids . 
 aurelio motioned vaguely towards the pier . 
 `` so who were those dudes , max ? '' 
 i took a deep breath and released it slowly , letting out a measure of the day 's stress . 
 `` they were a sign of progress , my friend . 
 if i am making people that nervous , i must be doing something right . '' 
 figuring out exactly what fulgencio sanchez was up to was my next step , and that would mean going back to the golf course . 
 i had to interview the caddy , dominic , as well . 
 but first , there was wednesday poached eggs with caridad , a tradition that now went back more than a decade . 
 these days , we traded off on paying the bill and this week , it was her turn , which was fortunate ; madrigal had not run with the expected zeal in mud and had finished a distant fifth . 
 we sat in the restaurant front window , directly across the road from playa levante . 
 the surf was good today , and caridad looked absently off shore , towards the island , as i filled her in on the case so far . 
 `` peseta for your thoughts , kid . '' 
 `` just thinking about your case . 
 you know , there are almost any number of reasons why fulgencio sanchez might have capped your boy , '' she said , using her fork to maneuver some egg onto some buttered toast . 
 she munched on it for a moment then swallowed . 
 `` but why would a heavy-hitting gangster like sanchez just bury him in a sand trap ? 
 i mean , if you were sort of an expert when it came to this stuff , would you pick something so prone to discovery ? '' 
 she had a point . 
 sanchez was a professional goon , and had doubtless had numerous people killed over the years . 
 nothing had ever been tied to him , because he was bloodless and smart . 
 if he had killed ortega , the body would likely never have been found . 
 he certainly would not have panicked and buried him on the golf course he played at every week . 
 but he seemed a likely suspect , so i grasped for some possibilities . 
 `` a message , maybe ? '' 
 she sneered at that . 
 `` c’mon max , you know the real wise guys do n't waste time with such things . '' 
 `` let us assume you are right for a second , cari , and take him out of the picture . 
 that still does not explain why he keeps trying to scare me off . 
 and that leaves us with esperanza and alain vigneault ; plus , on the outside looking in , suspect wise , we have ovidio alonso , esperanza 's neighbor , and the caddy dominic , assuming maybe a little blackmail is involved . '' 
 she chewed her lip a little , then took a sip of orange juice . 
 `` that 's a long list of suspects . '' 
 `` that is just the half of it . 
 if one of his local enemies did not do him in , there is a long list of clients ortega cheated . '' 
 she thought about it for a minute . 
 `` and there 's hilario miguel . 
 there 's nothing to say that the same person committed both murders . '' 
 i shot her a dirty look . 
 `` do not even suggest it . 
 let us simply work on the rather less daunting assumption that hilario figured out something about the first murder , something that got him killed . '' 
 she clucked her tongue wearily . 
 `` si , es verdad . 
 you may rule out all of those people and still find out that fulgencio sanchez got pissed off and smacked him with a short iron -- or had one of his boys do it . '' 
 we looked at each other for a moment as she finished off her eggs , each trying to figure out what the other was thinking . 
 finally , i spoke , breaking our momentary connection as i did so and looking out at the sunny beach goers . 
 `` but neither of us thinks that that was the case . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` you 've got your work cut out for you . '' 
 people sometimes ask me why i stopped believing in god . 
 they do not ask often ; spain is still catholic , at least from the perspective of family tradition , but agnosticism is widely tolerated . 
 if not for a series of articles by a local newspaper columnist -- and one unfortunately long piece by sam gamboa in a national magazine last year -- no one except former parishioners , my close friends and family would know to ask me , either . 
 it is just the gimmick , you see , the fact that i was a man of the cloth that makes being a detective salacious , or controversial . 
 i was a priest for only four years , and spent much of that time assisting a more experienced brother at iglesia de san carlos , here in benidorm , as well as working with a street mission for kids in valencia , where i met aurelio and caridad . 
 if anything , the kids who came through the mission seemed to have expressed more concern over my departure from the priesthood than anyone -- save my family , of course , who did not speak to me for nearly a year . 
 inquisitive friends , with the good intention of helping me rediscover faith and the communal happiness they personally find so essential , have pointed out that not believing in religion is not the same as not believing in god . 
 and i politely point out to them that that is why i call myself an agnostic ex-priest , and not an atheist . 
 an atheist believes there is no god . 
 i look at the nature of existence and feel that logically , we can never determine whether god exists or not , for we can not scientifically prove something preceding existence itself . 
 it is ever-present . 
 it is simpler , i realize , for most people to follow a set of social rules and guidelines and pretend that , despite history showing they are shared by other faiths and cultures , they came from a `` catholic '' god or that without the suffering of christ , men today could not be moral . 
 but it is also the very definition of irrational behavior to believe in something when the best available evidence clearly indicates otherwise . 
 all of christianity 's moral codes were held by earlier faiths , many long dead . 
 many of its fables , also . 
 and though my mother raised me to be a good catholic , she also raised me to be a rational man . 
 as such , i believe religions are an attempt to use natural beliefs -- beliefs we generate to explain our fear of the unknown and to combat our insecurities -- to enforce rigorous social codes , codes that are often beneficial but sometimes outdated , and incorrect . 
 i do not begrudge others their faith ; caridad , for example , clung to her faith even while on the street , and though she often mocks the church , she still attends every sunday . 
 but to lead a religion , to serve in a holy order ? 
 men write books about religion ; but for them to claim they really know god -- not just know him , but may be his conduits ? 
 absent evidence it is a hubris i refuse to share . 
 in fact , it is this hubris that allows a man like fulgencio sanchez to attend church each sunday with all sincerity , standing in his pew and singing from the hymnal like everyone else , lifting his voice to god like everyone else , and all the while wearing the same suit he wore when he ordered a man 's death . 
 it is the same hubris that allows his man vincent , a killer to the core , to stand there beside him , not even paying attention to what is going on , but instead scanning the room to look for trouble . 
 sanchez prays because he believes that as long as he receives last rites and absolution , he can still enter the kingdom of heaven . 
 the concept of a last-second absolution allows a man like sanchez to justify doing whatever he likes in this life , while still have a route to the next . 
 it 's an out clause that serves the double benefit of making him appear more civil , though really there is nothing civil about it . 
 and that arrogance , that certainty , is the true danger i had come to feel religion could pose . 
 as i drove up to the gate of the club , i admit the idea of obtaining an admission from him regarding his involvement in ortega 's murder was enticing . 
 sanchez was no better than the late real estate developer and it would feel just . 
 but getting sanchez to explain his relationship to ortega was going to be easier said than done . 
 on this visit , the security guard took one look at me and opened the gate without asking , under an air of intimidation . 
 doubtless , our last conversation had resulted in several nervous days on his part , waiting to find out if i had complained to my alleged host . 
 at the clubhouse , the saturday crowd had the place humming with activity . 
 the same young man was behind the bar , but now he was getting help from a pair of waitresses . 
 sanchez was seated at the best table on the porch , getting some afternoon sun while his two bodyguards flanked him . 
 i grabbed a seat at the bar and watched them for a while as sanchez picked at his lunch . 
 every so often , the bigger english guard , vincent , would lean over and whisper something to him , or sanchez would whisper something back , and they would laugh . 
 he did not talk to anyone else throughout . 
 the bartender polished glasses and refilled a couple of trays of drinks for the waitresses , as sanchez sat and ate his meal . 
 when he was done , one of the two men seated with him gave their waitress a nod . 
 she had been hovering diligently for several minutes and , as it became apparent he was almost finished , swooped in to pick up his dish the moment he was ready . 
 there was no doubting the clout he had , how nervous he made those around him ; tension hung in the air . 
 as the waitress took the last of his dishes , vincent leaned over again and said something else quietly and sanchez chuckled again then reached over his own shoulder to briefly squeeze vincent 's hand , holding it tight for a second . 
 in and of itself , it was nothing . 
 it could have been a simple expression of appreciation from one old friend to another . 
 but for a split second , as he grasped the other man 's hand , fulgencio sanchez tipped his head back and looked up at vincent , gazing deeply into his eyes . 
 it was only a moment , but to anyone really paying attention , it was a look of deep affection . 
 it is funny how little we notice in our day-to-day lives , the small mannerisms that pass us by , guilty little associations we hope and pray no one will notice , because to think otherwise would engender paralyzing self-consciousness . 
 and if anyone had suggested to me before that moment that perhaps , just perhaps , fulgencio sanchez was gay ? 
 i would have laughed them out of the room . 
 but sitting there for just a few minutes , with sanchez surrounded by hired help and feeling totally secure , he had let his guard down . 
 vincent was more than his bodyguard , and for a moment i felt temporarily ashamed that i had stereotyped homosexuals as being `` soft . '' 
 i had struggled with the issue since leaving the church and had long decided the rational position -- the one based on the best available evidence -- was that it was not a lifestyle `` choice '' but a condition of birth for many . 
 it did not require a `` gay gene '' , even though there controversially had been one discovered and much discussed . 
 but scientists considered it a `` phenotype '' , an end result of multiple biological realities , issues the individual was born with . 
 but in gangster circles , it was as rejected as in football locker rooms . 
 it stood to reason , then , that this was information anthony ortega might have been able to use to his benefit , not only with respect to sanchez ' position as a churchgoer -- but more importantly because of the impact it would have on his reputation . 
 it also seemed likely that the only way to know for sure was to talk to sanchez . 
 i waited until the waitress had refilled his coffee before approaching his table . 
 `` señor sanchez , '' i said , tipping my head slightly . 
 `` i wonder if you have a moment . '' 
 he looked at one of his table mates , then at me . 
 `` padre , do n't you ever make an appointment ? '' 
 sanchez motioned to the empty chair opposite him . 
 `` you want a beer , padre ? 
 i 'm about done with coffee for today . '' 
 i ordered a peroni and took the seat . 
 `` how is your golf , señor sanchez ? 
 i appeared to be good luck for your short game the other day . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` do n't ask . 
 i should threaten to kill you every day , perhaps , eh padre ? 
 if i ever start breaking a hundred regularly , it will be no small miracle . '' 
 `` i know how that is , '' i said . 
 sanchez smiled genuinely for a split second , but then he held the smile , rigid , and i could feel him studying my face , his eyes narrowing momentarily . 
 `` but hey , you did n't come to ask me about me lousy golf game , did you , padre ? '' 
 `` anthony ortega . '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` now padre , we 've already been over this ... . . '' 
 `` well ... yes and no , señor sanchez . '' 
 he smiled again , exasperated this time . 
 `` what the fuck is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i held up both hands . 
 `` i mean no offence . 
 i just mean you two knew each other a long time , so there is always more you could tell me about him . '' 
 sanchez scoffed at that , removing a crumb from his moustache before speaking . 
 `` i knew him a long time , padre ... but that does n't mean it was quality time . 
 we played golf a lot , that 's it . '' 
 i had to be careful about how i pushed sanchez 's buttons . 
 but i needed to get him angry enough to reveal what i needed . 
 `` you know he used to brag about how he owned you on the course , how he always took your money . 
 that does not sound like a man who is worried about your reputation , señor . '' 
 he leaned forward over the table , quieter now and with a little menace . 
 `` well maybe he picked the wrong friends . 
 maybe if he 'd been nicer to the right people , he would not have wound up buried in a bunker . '' 
 `` so you did not mind him taking your money ? '' 
 sanchez obviously did not like where the conversation was headed . 
 `` bah ! 
 he was a cheat and we both knew it . '' 
 i nodded , but said nothing else . 
 it was an important admission . 
 fulgencio sanchez was as mean as a snake and he 'd appreciate a man who could cheat him and legitimately get away with it . 
 but why would he allow a man to cheat him when he knew it was going on ? 
 vincent broke into the conversation . 
 `` fuli , you want me to get rid of this guy . '' 
 he put a hand on sanchez 's shoulder . 
 i thought about asking the indelicate question , but it felt forced and awkward . 
 and these were not men whom i wished to make uncomfortable . 
 sanchez waved him off . 
 `` do n't worry , vincent , do n't worry , the padre does n't mean anything by it , do you , padre ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` of course not , señor sanchez . 
 i 'm sure if you were deliberately letting another man cheat you , you 'd deal with it in your own time . '' 
 he smiled at that . 
 `` hey , like i said padre , i 'd never have clipped you in public . '' 
 `` that is most reassuring . '' 
 sanchez laughed and took a sip of his drink , and i downed the last of my beer . 
 the waitress , ever hovering , came by to clear his glass and he ordered another . 
 `` vincent , you want something man ? '' 
 he did not ask anyone else at the table . 
 vincent shook his head quickly without taking his eyes off the rest of the room . 
 `` no fuli , i 'm okay . '' 
 `` you good padre ? 
 good . '' 
 on the way out of the club , i was nervous . 
 i had pushed my luck with fulgencio sanchez , and might yet perhaps pay a price for it . 
 but on the whole , i had to be happy ; there was something strangely predictable about him . 
 i did not get the sense that he saw me as any sort of real threat . 
 at the bottom of the front steps , it occurred to me that i had still not talked with dominic , the caddy who walked in on mrs. ortega with her boyfriend . 
 sure enough , both he and sergio useche were at the caddy station , waiting patiently for some work . 
 `` hey , señor castillo ! '' 
 sergio spotted me when i was still some ways away . 
 `` this is the guy i was telling you about , dominic , the guy investigating for the church . '' 
 the other youth was also in his late teens , but taller and stronger than sergio . 
 he held out a hand and i shook it . 
 `` so what else can you tell me , dominic ? 
 you walked in on vigneault and mrs. ortega , i know that part . 
 but i understand they gave you some money to keep quiet about it to mr. ortega ? '' 
 he convicted himself immediately by shooting a dirty look at sergio . 
 `` he gave me five hundred euros and said i should consider it a `` tip '' for keeping their business to myself . 
 i did n't think i was doing any harm . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , no , do not worry ; a tip is a tip , dominic , so technically you did not do anything wrong . 
 but was there any more to it ? 
 anything else about the incident that struck you ? '' 
 dominic shrugged . 
 `` honestly , sir , no . 
 i can not think of a thing . 
 they were both embarrassed , like you might expect . '' 
 i turned to sergio . 
 `` how about you , son ? 
 have you heard anything new ? '' 
 he shrugged and shook his head negatively . 
 `` but i heard you were threatened by fulgencio sanchez on the tenth hole the other day , something about you interrupting a putt . '' 
 i chuckled and nodded . 
 `` you caddies have quite the network , '' i said , without elaborating . 
 sergio leaned in closely , so that he could speak in a half-whisper . 
 `` the caddies , we notice things . 
 he is very friendly with his big bodyguard . 
 very friendly . '' 
 i turned to his friend . 
 `` dominic , did you ever caddy for señor ortega ? '' 
 again , a nod . 
 `` but i tried to avoid it , after working at his house . 
 he is ... he was difficult , unpleasant . 
 he made me feel anxious . 
 i ... i am not the most outgoing person . '' 
 `` did he ever talk about sanchez ? '' 
 `` si , about golf . 
 he liked to talk about how he won his money . 
 he did not talk about this other aspect ... but there was one occasion ... '' i cocked my head instinctively . 
 `` yeah '' dominic nodded . 
 `` he was paying me out before he went to the clubhouse , and he had just won money off him the day before . 
 he said i was lucky , to be paid with a gangster 's money . 
 and when he said sanchez 's name , he made this kind of wrist movement , like he thought he was effeminate . '' 
 i thanked the boys and tipped them , before heading back to my vespa and firing it up for the drive back home . 
 it seemed clear that , aside from being cheated by him at golf , fulgencio sanchez had at least one other reason to shut tony ortega up . 
 **** chapter 6 when i arrived back home , i felt an immediate pain in my wallet . 
 it was an early warning sensation that was usually only triggered once per week by the predictable visit from remigio herminio , my landlord santiago 's profusely unlikeable attorney . 
 sure enough , his brown sedan was parked next to my regular slip . 
 i cut the vespa 's engine so that the headlight would also cut out then rolled into one of the other empty spaces . 
 i snuck over a spot and crouched behind his car then peeked around the left side of the bumper to get a look at the boat slips and gauge whether he was onboard la casilda already . 
 the water lapped quietly against wooden hulls , and in the low light of the early evening it was difficult to see whether ... . 
 `` can i help you , max ? 
 did you drop something under my car , perhaps ? 
 though you are down on one knee , i would not presume to suggest you were praying for your misbegotten and ungrateful soul . '' 
 remigio was standing behind me , in the direction of the street , holding a coffee . 
 `` i got tired of waiting for you , so i went across the street for some of the swill they call coffee . 
 you know , they said they do n't ever see any money from you , either ? 
 do you ever pay for anything in this town ? '' 
 i got up and flashed him my least-polite smile . 
 `` oh , believe me , remigio , i pay . 
 with every grating sound you make , i pay . '' 
 i headed for the boat , walking briskly . 
 the lawyer was right on my heel . 
 `` max , you owe two months back rent on the slip , which at the new adjusted rate is thirteen hundred and fifty euros . 
 señor arce had been most patient but ... '' i stopped for a moment and faced him , the two of us under one of the streetlights that lined the pier . 
 `` you tell your boss he will get his rent , remigio , but he will get one thousand and fifty euros , and not a penny more . 
 i have a life lease ... '' `` ... that guarantees you the right to rent the slip for life . 
 it does not guarantee you fixed rent , max , and you know this ... '' `` and i know that as long as i have the sole rental right to the slip , i can string this along for as long as you 'd like . '' 
 it is true that the rental laws and property ownership in spain favor the tenant . 
 it must be a nightmare for legitimate landlords . 
 but santiago was about as legitimate as a twenty-euro rolex on a barcelona street vendor 's table . 
 he nodded , but held up both hands . 
 `` i know , max , i know . 
 we have been down this road a few too many times already . '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` my suggestion , remigio , is to go back to your weasel of a boss and tell him to give to up . 
 but i know you charge by the hour , so it seems unlikely you will accept my wise advice . '' 
 herminio shook his head . 
 `` i can not do that , max ... but maybe we could compromise . 
 your next month 's rent comes due in a week . 
 if you get us thirteen hundred euros by then , my client will forget about legal action . 
 for now . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` and where do you expect me to come up with that much disposable income on that short a notice , remigio ? 
 i 've got commitments , bills to pay . '' 
 `` like your rent ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` si , si , like my rent , but ... not my rent . '' 
 he sighed deeply . 
 `` ay coño ... '' i smiled . 
 `` do not fret , my greasy adversary , i am sure we will work this all out eventually . 
 and until then , you can continue to vex this neighborhood with your presence every so often . '' 
 we 'd reached the boat , and he peered at me as i climbed on board . 
 `` i would n't have come around early if there was n't a prospect that you would have some money , and there is rarely a prospect of that . 
 i thought you were working on some big case . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` something like that . 
 but the payment arrangements are complicated . 
 if they were n't , it would remove all the challenge from your life , remigio , all of the sense of purpose . '' 
 herminio shook his head . 
 `` you have obligations , max , you have responsibilities ... '' `` i have complicating factors . 
 besides , as i have already told you , oh perpetually sleazy one , there are principals at stake with this matter . 
 if i were to allow santiago to simply roll over me , he could behave in the same manner any time any other slip leaseholder challenged him . '' 
 he looked exasperated and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 `` all of the other leaseholders have paid the increase already , and their rent ... . . '' 
 `` irrelevant ! '' 
 i declared with a flourish . 
 `` what if they wished to challenge him at some future point ? 
 the precedent would be set . 
 how could i live with that ? '' 
 he stood on the edge of the pier as i settled into my deck chair and uncapped a beer . 
 `` you torture me , max , you know that , right ? 
 the precedent ? 
 the precedent of paying your rent on time ? '' 
 i nodded sagely , putting my feet up on the coffee table to relax fully . 
 `` exactly , remigio . 
 astonishing , really , that you 'd want to put that kind of pressure on a man . '' 
 he started to back up to leave . 
 `` mark my words , max , pretty soon he 's going to start sending over process servers , bailiffs to seize your things . 
 this détente ca n't go on forever . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` your greasiness is duly noted , oh evil one . 
 but should you not be off pushing an old lady into the street somewhere , or perhaps chasing an ambulance ? 
 it 's at least seven-thirty at night . 
 there must be some lager lout date rapist for you to defend or something . '' 
 he squinted and peered at me again . 
 `` you know , max , for an ex-priest you can be an unforgiving so-and-so sometimes . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` this has been noted . 
 but the people noting it are usually morally in the same neighborhood as the stuff we sometimes must scrape off our shoes , after a walk in a dog park . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` one week , max . 
 then this gets difficult . '' 
 i waved . 
 `` do not forget to look straight up when crossing the street . '' 
 after cooling off with a quick shower , i called sammy gamboa up at the newspaper in girona . 
 she had the annoyed tone of someone who has just been dragged away from a pivotal moment in a project , and in the background i could hear the constant nervous tap of her pen on her notepad . 
 `` max , your timing is not always what i would call spectacular , you know that ? '' 
 she might have been overstating the issue somewhat , as i had only called her for favors on a handful of other occasions . 
 this year . 
 `` samantha , you work at a modern newspaper . 
 i am surprised from what you tell me that they do not simply chain you to your desk by clamping you in leg irons . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` that 's about it , yeah . 
 they have me on this story designed to promote their own agenda on a new building here in the city , and i 'm resisting by trying to produce a balanced piece . '' 
 `` you rebel , you . '' 
 `` yep , that 's me , newspaper revolutionary , daring to ask such unconventional and controversial questions as ` how much will it cost ' and ` why was it awarded to the company doing the work , instead of tendering it ' . '' 
 `` tsk tsk . 
 from what you have told me , sam , you are just supposed to roll tape or video or what have you and let them say what they want . '' 
 `` and yet , for the vast wealth they seem inclined to offer us writers , it is so worth it . '' 
 this lighthearted-but-bitter exchange occurred just about every time we talked . 
 sam was a good kid , and she got into the newspaper business for old fashioned reasons : she could write , it seemed fun , she could help people , and she could speak truth to power . 
 but none of that existed anymore , she was clear : corporate ownership and agendas drove far too much of what she did . 
 consequently , i think she was actually a little excited and gratified to be able to help me with the odd case . 
 today , however , she had mixed news . 
 `` well , your man is who he says he is , in a sense , '' she said . 
 `` there 's always a catch . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 anyway , he has a vineyard , but it 's an old , rundown patch of land with a finca needing some serious renovation work . 
 nice pool area , though . 
 looks better outside than in , i 'm told . '' 
 `` golfer ? '' 
 `` former club pro who got a case of the shakes with his putter . 
 word around perpignan is that he owes a bunch of different people money , but no one 's seen much of him over the last six months . 
 title search says he has three mortgages on the property , so it 's basically the bank 's . '' 
 it fit the picture and confirmed a few things . 
 `` so what is the bad news , amigo ? '' 
 `` the bad news is i have no idea why he 's down on the costa blanca . 
 he ran up some bad gambling debts , including some to local heavy hitters , i 'm told . 
 you 'd think if he wanted to run , he 'd be in south america , or australia or something . '' 
 `` who are the heavy hitters ? '' 
 i knew a few names from the border area , but the scene was generally unfamiliar . 
 she chuckled softly . 
 `` nobody you really want to get to know . 
 the dauphin brothers , local loan sharks , drug dealers and purveyors of fine bookmaking services . 
 nasty pieces of work . 
 i covered a court case they were peripherally involved with a few years ago , and they 're not my biggest fans . '' 
 `` i 'm taken aback , sam . 
 how can anyone not be your fan ? '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 save the charm , padre , i 'm not buying it . 
 you 're going to owe me big for this one . '' 
 `` any idea how much he was into them for ? '' 
 `` not enough for numbers to be drifting about , but enough that he probably could n't get any more credit around these parts . 
 his name is mud with the usual suspects . 
 say , max ... . '' 
 `` uh huh ? '' 
 `` well , you did say something about my getting first crack at this story ... . 
 i looked up at the darkening sky for a moment . 
 ay , she was persistent . 
 `` i told you , samantha , when i have things all wrapped up ... '' `` ... when you have things all wrapped up , some local patrolman will leak it to some friend of his at the valencia or alicante paper , and i 'll get the short end . '' 
 i thought about it for a moment . 
 `` what if you were allowed to , uh , record the moment , as it were , for posterity ? '' 
 she sounded puzzled . 
 `` what moment ? 
 what are you getting at , max ? '' 
 `` well ... if you needed to get down here on short notice in order to , let 's say , be present at the time of an arrest ... '' `` oooh ... you 're killing me , you know that , right ? '' 
 `` well ? 
 could you ? '' 
 she took a breath . 
 `` i 'd have to work a couple of things out but yeah ... yeah , i can probably be there . 
 is this some seedy thing where i should be carrying a can of mace and a whistle ? '' 
 that was a good question . 
 `` probably not . 
 i tend to avoid such situations . 
 but i can not say for certain . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , right now there is the issue of not knowing who committed the crime in question . '' 
 `` you mean , whoever murdered anthony ortega ? '' 
 `` did i say that ? 
 no . 
 in fact , i know for a fact that at no point has a name or detail about the case crossed my lips . '' 
 `` other than alain vigneault , of course ... '' `` other than him . '' 
 `` what 's he been up to down there , max ? 
 what 's his golf game like these days ? '' 
 `` are you asking on the record ? 
 because on the record , i can tell you ... '' `` yeah ... ? '' 
 `` ... that when i have this wrapped up , you will be the first to know . 
 in fact , if you stop bothering me about them now , i will give you my written report before the client gets it . 
 you can read it before i conclude the matter . '' 
 she was silent for a moment , probably trying to figure out a new angle , but eventually sounded a little frustrated . 
 or , perhaps , a little worried . 
 `` what have you gotten yourself wrapped up in , max ? 
 if you 're talking about making arrests , you must be close to something . '' 
 i took a sip of beer . 
 even though the evening was setting in , it was still hot and sticky . 
 `` yeah , i think so , sam . 
 not sure what at this point ... but it is something . '' 
 i had n't eaten yet , and caridad made one fantastic hamburger , complete with wild rice , banana peppers and red onions . 
 no , i would not have thought of that combination , either . 
 still , one burger was enough to feed yours truly and the banana peppers were just spicy enough that the whole thing was best washed down with a cold beer -- which is exactly what was waiting for me after finishing off the final bite . 
 i tipped back the glass of cold san miguel and swallowed half of it in one go . 
 `` that ... '' i said , before belching involuntarily `` ... was fantastic . '' 
 caridad had been wiping down her counter but paused to curtsey dramatically , eliciting applause from the other four men who 'd stopped for a bite . 
 it was an early-evening favorite for hard-working tradesman , before hitting their favorite pub and really drowning their sorrows . 
 `` thank you , thank you , '' she said to one and all . 
 `` and for your next trick ... you each get a chance to settle up your bar tabs . '' 
 all began looking around dramatically , as if unable to hear where her voice was coming from . 
 caridad giggled . 
 `` you are absolutely terrible , the lot of you . 
 what about you , max ? 
 are you ever going to settle up with me ? '' 
 she leaned across the counter in front of me . 
 `` make an honest barmaid of me ? '' 
 i deadpanned . 
 `` you are a headstrong child , you know that ? '' 
 `` and you , '' she poked me in the chest , `` are drinking too much . '' 
 not this again . 
 i got up to leave , but she pushed down on both my shoulders . 
 `` sit . '' 
 `` cari ... '' `` max , you know i love you like a brother . 
 but you drink like a fish . 
 and i know you smoke the odd bit of the crazy weed , too , which ca n't be helping . '' 
 i tipped my beer towards her in acknowledgement . 
 `` cari , please , please , please do not lecture me about this . 
 i am not out of control ! 
 i am not drinking all of the ... well , okay , i do drink all of the time . 
 but i space it out . 
 i pace myself . '' 
 she was nodding , her arms crossed . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 at least you 've cut out the gambling , that 's someth ... . . '' 
 she caught the glint of guilt in my eye mid-sentence , and i reflexively turned to look away when she persisted in staring back . 
 `` max ! 
 you promised me ! '' 
 caridad punched me in the shoulder . 
 `` bastardo ! '' 
 `` ay , cari ... it was just one horse , just one race . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` why do you automatically assume that i lose ? '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` two hundred . '' 
 she winced and pinched the bridge of her nose in stressed frustration . 
 `` you know ... ever since you got out of the priesthood , you behave more and more like a little kid . 
 like you 're out discovering the world but with something to prove . '' 
 the discovery part was probably accurate . 
 the `` something to prove '' part ? 
 not so much . 
 `` cari , i admit i should cool it sometimes . 
 but i have concluded that we go around but once in life . 
 i intend to enjoy it , even if you do lecture me the entire time . '' 
 she just shook her head and chuckled at that , then sat down on a stool behind the bar and used the remote to turn on a small overhead television on the opposite wall . 
 the station exited a commercial and went into a news update . 
 `` police sources are now telling us that they have decided to focus the investigation into the murder of anthony ortega on his wife , esperanza , who was ten years his junior . '' 
 caridad frowned . 
 `` can they say that ? 
 that seems like it could do some damage if it 's wrong . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it has already done some damage , i can assure you . 
 there are a lot of people watching television at eight . 
 i wonder where they got that tip from ? '' 
 caridad cleared away my empty bottle . 
 `` another ? '' 
 a nod , and she uncapped a dewy bottle of san miguel . 
 `` did she kill him , max ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't think so , but it 's too early to say . 
 i have to talk to her alone , away from vigneault for a few minutes , so that i can gauge just how much she hated her late husband . 
 and i ca n't see her having simply followed me to hilario miguel 's office . 
 the timing there was more than coincidence . 
 my visit was anticipated , or miguel was already a target . '' 
 caridad thought about it for a moment . 
 `` so what do both of the dead guys have in common ? 
 they know all of the same people , were involved in a lot of the same deals ... '' `` they grew up in the same neighborhood , '' i said . 
 `` they went to church together as kids . 
 they have everything in common . 
 they were business partners , they had the same enemies ... '' she took a sip of mineral water and glanced vacantly out of the corner of her eye at the television . 
 `` so what else ? 
 there has to be some detail about them to point in the right direction . 
 everyone has skeletons in the closet . '' 
 i sat and thought for a moment . 
 what was the element that required focus , the one most likely to yield returns ? 
 `` the picture , '' i said . 
 `` picture ? '' 
 `` of miguel as an altar boy when he was a child . 
 someone removed it from his office . 
 i am guessing it was the person who put a bullet through his forehead . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` so , once again , a matter of the church . 
 was it in alicante , this church ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no , gandia . 
 and fulgencio sanchez attended it as well . '' 
 caridad rolled her eyes . 
 `` ay coño ... if you were to go by the characters involved in this case , that church can officially declare itself a miserable failure , i would have to say . '' 
 `` it is certainly not thanks to tony ortega , '' i suggested . 
 `` he gave all his money to the diocese , in alicante . '' 
 cari paused momentarily to serve ice cream to a passing customer . 
 `` i was n't talking about its bottom line , max , i was talking about its moral contribution . '' 
 she had a point . 
 i had not been to gandia in the decade since leaving the church , even though it was less than an hour up the road and was very near one of my favorite beaches . 
 for perhaps deep reasons of resentment , i was still not inclined to venture near valencia , where i spent much of my time in service and had strong emotional ties , working to help people rebuild lives that seemed irrevocably shattered . 
 gandia was just down the road . 
 but it seemed inevitable that , at some point , i would need to find out why that photograph was important . 
 `` you know , max , at some point you 're going to have to poke around anthony ortega 's hometown . '' 
 i sighed and took a swallow of beer . 
 `` can you believe how well my vacation is going , cari ? '' 
 though gandia was just fifty minutes away and , as i said , one of my favorite places on the costa blanca , i had avoided it for a decade . 
 as such , i was not eager to immediately take off . 
 instead , i headed home , with the intent of relaxing , getting some sleep and heading out in the morning . 
 my phone rang just after i boarded la casilda . 
 `` max , i 'm glad i got you . '' 
 it was sam gamboa . 
 `` it must be something interesting , for a reporter to be working at this hour of the evening -- unless there is free food involved , of course . '' 
 `` oh ha . 
 i could just hang up , you know , if the info is n't appreciated . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` no , no , you know how much i appreciate you , kid . '' 
 `` riiiight , '' she said , unconvinced . 
 `` anyway , a friend of mine in the gendarmerie says one of the dauphin brothers is down about your ways . 
 ca n't be a coincidence , given that vigneault is in deep to them . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` got a picture ? '' 
 `` no , but i 'll try to scare one up . '' 
 `` thanks , kid . 
 you are going to enjoy this story thoroughly , you know . '' 
 `` you know max , for a guy who 's only been a detective for four or five years and basically educated himself at the local library , you 're awfully sure of yourself . '' 
 it was true . 
 perhaps vanity did overwhelm my better judgment on occasion . 
 and the list of potential suspects was getting longer , not shorter . 
 but there seemed little point in pessimism , a lesson i had learned after much self-investigation , in the days after my loss of faith . 
 `` not sure , just determined . 
 there is little point in giving up a jigsaw puzzle when you almost have all the pieces . '' 
 `` but you still have to put them together , max , '' sam offered . 
 `` you still have to prove that someone killed tony ortega . '' 
 one of sam 's character flaws as an investigator was offering up too much personal information . 
 she had once told me that a tactic she often used with public officials was the `` reverse confirmation , '' where she would hint that she had valid information on something , to trick someone into confirming it by commenting on that `` valid '' information , thereby actually validating it . 
 that was the real purpose of her statement , and i was n't biting . 
 but she did make me smile . 
 `` sam , sam , sam , you are so clever , you know ? 
 that whole `` reverse confirmation '' trick is almost fiendish . '' 
 she paused for a moment . 
 `` you really piss me off sometimes , you know max ? '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` start packing your overnight bag , samantha . 
 i have a sense this one is drawing to a close . '' 
 sam snorted . 
 `` yeah , well , keep your head down around the dauphin brothers -- i 'm not sure which one it is , but either is likely to shoot you while your back is turned , by reputation ... and that 's just if you do n't pay up on a bet . '' 
 given her decision , against my wishes , to mention my gambling habit in her article , it was a sore point between us , and a moment after she made the reference , she reflexively added , `` ... sorry , max . '' 
 `` it is no issue , kid . 
 i am much better about it these days . 
 a friend of mine is keeping my on the straight and narrow . '' 
 `` that 's ... that 's good to hear , max . '' 
 `` and you know , i actually win sometimes . '' 
 she was quiet for a minute . 
 `` no , max , no , you do n't . 
 i mean , i know you want to think that all of these bookmakers are just hardworking stiffs who had a few breaks in life , but not everyone is your friend caridad . 
 not everyone is basically pure of heart . 
 and the kind of people who make money off addictions ? 
 you 're not helping yourself or them by supporting them . '' 
 it was something to think about , but i really did not wish to do so . 
 it was late . 
 i was tired . 
 the usual excuses . 
 `` sammy ... '' `` well , max ... you know it 's true . '' 
 `` sure . 
 but what do you want me to do , amigo , go to church bingo ? 
 play la primitiva or el gordo every so often and cross my fingers that i do not get hit by lightning first ? '' 
 she sighed gently . 
 `` max , max . 
 what am i going to do with you , man ? 
 i chuckled softly . 
 `` stay tuned , sam . 
 stay tuned . 
 once i figure this out ... . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 there 's a great story in it . '' 
 i had expected a stream of old , unpleasant memories but in truth , the drive to gandia was exceedingly pleasant . 
 scrubby rock cuts and low-lying peaks were bisected by a beautifully smooth highway , past orange groves , beach communities and the old stone walls outside la font d’en carros . 
 the church was at the end of a side street off of the trendy avinguda d’alacant , built in the old style , its blue-and-gold dome topped with a giant cross . 
 its wealth was apparent immediately ; the grounds were immaculate and picturesque , with inlaid tile of every pattern and color , park-like seating areas and an ornate fountain , into which it seemed many people had cast coins and directed prayers . 
 perhaps anthony ortega spread some money around at home , after all . 
 the interior of the church was serene , beautiful . 
 it was , i am somewhat ashamed to say , the exact opposite of the opulence i had expected . 
 not that it was cheap -- the white marble and stone interior and deep , dark wood pews were truly breathtaking . 
 but there was very little evidence of gold or excess , no medieval tapestries as mere wall hangings or pipe organs that could drown out the vatican square . 
 it was quite normal . 
 at the back , a wood door led into the vestry area and beyond that lay a narrow corridor with white plaster walls and a curved , twenty-foot ceiling , leading towards the offices . 
 at the end of the hallway , a door had been left a crack open , the light streaming out . 
 i was almost at the door . 
 the voice from within was raised , desperate . 
 then , there was a light popping noise , the crack of a bullet striking a wall . 
 a warning shot ? 
 `` señor ! 
 please , we do not have much money in the offices , but anything you wish to take ... we will not begrudge it , and we will not call the police . 
 we are here to help people in unfortunate circumstances ... '' i lingered at the door . 
 the other man 's voice was calm and familiar , though i could not see him through the small gap . 
 where had i heard it recently ? 
 `` padre , what i require is simple . 
 a name . 
 a location . 
 you give this to me , i kill you quickly and painlessly . 
 you hold out on me , i start by putting a bullet through each of your kneecaps . '' 
 i had no choice but to act . 
 i pushed the door open dramatically . 
 the priest was kneeling , his hands behind his head . 
 a backdoor into the office shed more light , and appeared to lead into an alley behind the church . 
 `` señor , it is possible you will have time to shoot this man before i escape , but also before he answers , which will not help you get an answer . '' 
 the gunman turned to face me . 
 it was the balding hit man , tomas . 
 he kept the silenced pistol trained on the kneeling priest , but looked over his shoulder to address me . 
 `` morning , padre , good to see you still up and about . 
 mind telling me why you do n't think i can shoot you both ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` because i am fleet of foot . 
 because you are already at least twelve feet away from me and that is a snub-nosed beretta , not the most accurate gun with which to hit a fleeing man . 
 and mostly because i have already dialed the police on the phone in my pocket , and i imagine their dispatcher is listening to all of this . '' 
 a calculated bluff . 
 he raised the pistol so that the barrel was pointed at the ceiling . 
 `` good points , all . 
 well , i must be going gentlemen . 
 while i do not intend to stay around town , i would keep a watch over your shoulders . '' 
 tomas backed out of the room through the rear door , slamming it . 
 a car engine could be heard a moment later , then tires peeling away . 
 i rushed over to the priest and helped him to his feet . 
 `` padre ... `` `` hector . 
 padre hector herrera . '' 
 he flopped into a chair behind his desk while i quickly shut the back door . 
 `` your timing , señor , it is most ... wait ... '' herrera gave me a hard stare . 
 `` i recognize you : ay , madre de ... . 
 you are the heretical priest from benidorm , no ? '' 
 if my dealings with andy mendoza and edgar useche left you with the impression that i am well-loved within the church , let me dispel you of the notion . 
 the coverage by samantha gamboa in el pais truly brought out the worst in these supposedly charitable clergy . 
 `` si , padre herrera , max castillo . 
 might i presume that you are most content to have been saved because it affords you a chance to criticize the life choice of someone you do not know ? '' 
 he took another deep breath and sunk a little further in his chair , silently , before composing himself and pulling himself upright . 
 `` padr ... señor . 
 señor castillo . 
 of course i must apologize for my reaction . 
 i believe i owe you my life . '' 
 `` he sounded intent on not leaving a witness behind . '' 
 `` yes . 
 you recognized him ? '' 
 `` we have run into each other before . '' 
 he looked at me somewhat suspiciously again . 
 `` you travel in interesting circles these days , padre . 
 señor . 
 i mean ... '' i waved him off . 
 `` it is nothing . 
 if you recognize me from the newspaper article , padre , then you are probably aware that i am a private detective now . 
 this man is intent , i believe , on keeping me from discovering something about some of your congregation members , with respect to a case i have been working on . '' 
 herrera swiveled his chair to the side so that he could get out from behind his desk , then walked over to a sideboard on the other side of the room . 
 he made himself a coffee , and i accepted his offer for the other mug . 
 he sat back down . 
 `` i need to call the police . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` if you could just give me a moment first , padre ? '' 
 `` this is most puzzling , señor castillo . 
 the information he wanted ... i could not answer both questions , in any case , but there was no reason to threaten me for the information . 
 i would have shared it with him quite willingly had he simply asked . '' 
 i nodded sympathetically . 
 `` i am sure you would , padre . 
 but i rather suspect that until the murder of anthony ortega is solved , he will be looking for you . 
 i do not know yet how he fits , but whatever he wanted must have been important . '' 
 herrera took a swallow of coffee . 
 `` he wanted to know who the former parish priest here was thirty years ago , and where he could find him . 
 the first question is easy : padre ramon arguello . 
 as to the second , i can not recall . 
 he did not leave a forwarding address and i was instructed to forward anything that came for him to the alicante diocese ... '' i nodded . 
 `` si , si . 
 this is unfortunate ... '' he cocked his head for a moment . 
 `` there is ... something . 
 yes ! 
 there was something at the time that the diocese had said about him moving to seville . '' 
 curious . 
 `` he 'd been here for a long time . 
 that seems a strange choice . '' 
 he thought about that for a moment . 
 `` perhaps , perhaps not . 
 there are two church-funded retirement communities there for the clergy . 
 it would not surprise me if you found him at one of them . '' 
 this priest herrera was useful , an observant man . 
 i was rather glad tomas the balding hit man had not shot him . 
 **** chapter 7 before heading to the airport for my flight to seville the next day , i stopped by the diocese office to update andy mendoza and edgar useche . 
 once again , i note that my brother would find the mere fact that i did not use their titles insulting in the eyes of god . 
 it is important to remember when it comes to church matters that such fervency is nearly always in play , in some form , within the actions of its most ardent adherent . 
 belief can make people do some truly strange things . 
 andy -- bishop anderson mendoza , if you must -- was no different . 
 i needed to buy time to figure out who had the most reason to kill ortega and the best opportunity , but his preferred suspect was most definitely still in the picture , albeit more likely through her deceptive suitor . 
 and the television report of the prior day even meant that the idea was under general discussion . 
 the two men greeted me with smiles . 
 `` good news , maxi , good news ! '' 
 andy was happy . 
 `` edgar has consulted with our legal team and we stand in good position to be named the principal beneficiaries should señora ortega be unable to assume control . 
 you saw the news , no doubt ? 
 this adds much to our position , particularly if they make a quick arrest . '' 
 i nodded in his direction . 
 `` was that your doing , andy ? 
 she 's as much a suspect as anyone , it 's true , but that seemed premature . '' 
 he held up both hands . 
 `` innocent , maxi . 
 honestly , we have not said a word . 
 still , i presume the information was passed on to you is correct ? '' 
 `` si , si . 
 she is in a relationship with vigneault , the neighbor . 
 but so far there is no indication that she caused her husband 's demise . 
 i do n't know what the reporters think the police have , but i suspect it is not accurate . '' 
 i wondered if the news report was true . 
 perhaps nicky garcia had information about señora ortega to which i was not party ; after all , he had two detectives working the case with him constantly . 
 `` maybe they have something new on her . 
 i am going to catch up with her again tonight or tomorrow after i take care of some research . '' 
 andy was looking for some affirmation . 
 `` well ... it certainly does not look good for her right now , i would say . 
 you agree , edgar ? '' 
 useche was effectively the bishop 's right-hand man but quite evidently did not know enough about what was going on to share andy 's enthusiasm . 
 neither , however , did he wish to contradict him . 
 so he sat there silently for what was only perhaps ten seconds , but so uncomfortable as to seem like a minute . 
 `` uh , as max says , your grace , there is no doubt she is still a suspect . '' 
 i felt a momentary pang of remorse for him . 
 then i remembered that useche had essentially blackmailed me into working for free and , as the diocese 's longest-serving employee and cfo , had doubtless played a role in the decision to go after me for seminary tuition . 
 but andy certainly was good at putting people in their place . 
 `` exactly ! '' 
 said the bishop . 
 `` as you say , this exposure is certainly good for our position . 
 what about the boyfriend , maxi ? '' 
 i thought carefully before answering . 
 `` he 's definitely up to no good , andy , definitely up to something . 
 bad debts , bad friends . 
 she could have had something to do with it ; she was abjectly dishonest about some aspects of the case . '' 
 he smiled again . 
 `` good ... good ! 
 you are certainly giving us our money 's worth , eh maxi ? '' 
 given that i was essentially working for free , it was best that i curbed my tongue once more . 
 but i was beginning to feel distinctly undervalued . 
 seville is a stunning place , if one goes by architecture and the geography , with two rivers winding languidly through its midst . 
 each is lined with some of the city 's nicest buildings , giving it an almost parisian air , like the banks of the seine . 
 tour boats float by upscale restaurants and bars , under the numerous bridges . 
 it is a trendy town , and it is a traditional town , a blue-collar burg and a university center . 
 it is a mass of contradictions , all new builds and urbanizations on the outskirts , and beautiful old townhouse rows with stylized moldings and rooftop terraces in the downtown . 
 traffic here is equally contradictory . 
 during business hours , it can be frustrating place , alternating between busy thoroughfares and narrow one-way streets . 
 at night , there are sections of the city where you could fire a cannonball and not hit a car . 
 ramon arguello 's retirement home was on the east side , which is neither here nor there to yours truly : this city and i have never agreed with one another , regardless of direction of travel . 
 i was last here four years ago . 
 despite it only being a short commuter flight , the airline managed to lose my bag . 
 the visit before that , a decade ago , i was taken by a friend to try some of what i was told were the best tapas on earth , accompanied by the most amazing flamenco . 
 the latter -- i am somewhat ashamed to admit -- underwhelmed me , even though it was clearly technically superb , while the former poisoned me so badly , i almost did not make it back to the coast . 
 as such , my intent was clear : get in , talk to the priest about sanchez and ortega , and get out . 
 however , i first had to get across town , and in true seville style , i was instead stuck in traffic . 
 with no air conditioning . 
 in a rented sub-compact , trying to navigate the old city . 
 to a vespa rider such as myself , this is akin to a few minutes in hell -- if the church still believed in a literal hell , with demons and hellfire and such , of course . 
 at least when you are on the back of a motor scooter , the wind blowing by , you have some measure of freedom . 
 but when i finally found my way to casa de santa ana , the retirement home for priests , i had been in traffic for nearly an hour and had vowed that , short of absolute necessity , i would not leave valencia province again for at least a year . 
 i pulled the car into the parking lot , watching the heat shimmer on the asphalt . 
 the building was a multi-story low-rise , with old-growth trees to one inside that cast long shadows against it . 
 a young student sitting out front on a picnic bench said hello as i approached the front door . 
 he had a baseball cap on and silicon sunblock on his nose , and must have noticed my profuse sweating . 
 `` a hot day eh , señor ? '' 
 he said . 
 temperatures in seville regularly surpass thirty celsius , so this was about as necessary a statement as telling me that the traffic here was bad , but i thanked him nonetheless . 
 in fact , i had not felt a day as hot since a trip to madrid a few years earlier . 
 in spain 's interior , the temperatures soared to levels that made the costa blanca seem almost frigid . 
 i passed through wood double doors . 
 mercifully , the air conditioning inside the building was taking up a considerable chunk of its monthly electrical consumption , judging from the blast of cool air that hit me as soon as i entered . 
 you could have chilled steaks in the lobby , where a ramp and a flight of stairs at opposite each other to either extreme of the room , leading up to the second floor . 
 to the left , another set of double doors led into a common area . 
 to the right , two security guards sat behind a typical marble counter . 
 they directed me to a small suite on the second floor , which padre arguello shared with another man . 
 rather than wait for the elevator i climbed the short ramp , doubtless designed to more easily accommodate wheelchairs . 
 his apartment was just down the hallway . 
 i knocked on the plain white door , and a few moments later a stocky , older senior of medium height answered , wearing a sweater-jacket and black corduroy trousers . 
 `` si ? '' 
 `` padre arguello ? 
 i am max castillo . 
 i 've come out from benidorm to see how you are doing and have a chat . '' 
 i spoke up -- arguello looked to be over seventy , which made sense when i considered how much time had passed . 
 he nodded , his face brightening . 
 `` ah , si , si ! 
 come , come . '' 
 he motioned me to follow him inside . 
 `` are you with the church ? '' 
 he asked . 
 it was one of the first times in weeks i had managed an introduction that was not a sin of omission . 
 `` yes , padre arguello . 
 i am working for the diocese on a matter of some importance . '' 
 he nodded `` ahh ! 
 si , si . 
 gandia was my parish for a very long time you know , more than a decade ... '' `` over thirty years ago now , if i understand correctly . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` these were some wonderful years . 
 so many wonderful people ! 
 such a community . 
 gandia is a piece of the old spain , of the good old days . '' 
 now this i knew was not true . 
 when old priests talked of `` the old spain , '' what they really meant was the small glimpses of happiness they recall from their childhood in spain under franco , when roman catholicism was second only in power to the dictator himself . 
 but it was also a dour , confined nation , a shadow of the plural culture it has since become , with the church having the right to censor , to expropriate land , and to repress other faiths and cultures . 
 in the earliest days , during my grandfather 's era , valencia families were badly treated by franco 's regime , which was a right-of-center fascist dictatorship . 
 the region had long been slightly left-of-center and there were several dark years in valencia province , before the orange boom of the late fifties and the flooding of the river turia , which killed many , but brought all spaniards together . 
 i nodded agreement , but need more information , and took it as an opening for a first question that would not scare him off . 
 `` and yet you moved to seville , to this home here . 
 it is a very nice building to be sure , but it is a considerable distance from the costa blanca . 
 why so far away from gandia ? 
 is your family from here ? '' 
 he appeared puzzled . 
 `` no , oliva . 
 they still own the old family townhouse there . 
 but you know why i am here if you work for the diocese , no ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` padre ramon , you moved here more than three decades ago . 
 time passes , i am afraid . 
 i am not sure anyone at the diocese now would remember those days . '' 
 he sighed deeply and nodded . 
 `` i suppose . 
 i am an old man now , eh , señor ... . '' 
 `` castillo . 
 max castillo . '' 
 `` bien , max , muy bien . 
 i am seventy-six years old now , and my family have passed . 
 so i do not get visitors . 
 it is very nice , very nice . '' 
 he was drifting a little , age taking over his faculties . 
 `` you were talking about the diocese , padre ramon , why they asked you to move here ? '' 
 `` ah , si , si , so sad , '' he said . 
 `` to be wrenched from the ones you love like that ... it is not fair to anyone . '' 
 `` you got in trouble , though , eh padre arguello ? '' 
 a calculated guess . 
 he nodded and laughed , a cackling wheeze from years of smoking . 
 he reached over to the side table and grabbed a small inhaler , taking two quick puffs . 
 he exhaled deeply , eyes closed for a moment , then composed himself . 
 `` i did indeed . 
 would you like a cup of coffee ? '' 
 i said yes and he doddered his way over to a small kitchenette , where he plugged in a kettle . 
 i hate instant coffee , but it would have been rude to raise it . 
 he was chatty , glad to have the company , subconsciously moving objects in the room to tidy as he talked and walked , then going back to the counter momentarily to fetch our beverages . 
 `` i can only thank god that i was not cursed , as some of our brethren were , with a desire for the younger men . 
 there are more than a few in this home , i think , who are so ... . 
 afflicted . 
 it is the great affliction of the church in the modern age , if truth be told . '' 
 that was unnerving . 
 there was no doubting that the church had much to answer for when it came to molestation and the languid ease with which he cast it as a victim made my blood boil . 
 but i held my tongue once more . 
 it was becoming a habit . 
 `` so what were the details of your trouble again ? '' 
 he sat down and thought for a moment , staring ahead glassily , casting his mind back . 
 `` eh , i do not think about this now , señor . 
 it has been so long . '' 
 he reached inside his pocket and pulled out a small flask before pouring a small dollop of something liquor-related into the coffee . 
 then he took a pull directly off the flask , his gaze absent . 
 i leaned forward a little and took a sip of mine , silently wishing i could polish off the rest of that flask and get out of this uncomfortable conversation . 
 `` still , you must want to talk about it sometimes , '' i said , still having no idea to what he referred . 
 `` times when you would like to unburden yourself , get those old feelings off of your chest . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` they never did prove that he took any money , you know , it was just the ... the thing between he and i. everything else was assumption . 
 if i had just been willing to lie to the diocese about this one thing ! 
 just this one , little lie ... . '' 
 faith had obviously cost him . 
 it was hard to feel sympathy , given his narrow-minded attitudes , but it was perhaps inevitable : he carried years of guilt , it seemed . 
 no one should feel that way . 
 i thought about the missing photo . 
 hilario miguel had been younger at the time , and if the priest had had some sort of relationship with him that led to censure , i would probably have heard about it while in seminary or in my posting , what with the modern scandals ; and it was doubtful he would be talking about the other priests ' transgressions . 
 but fulgencio sanchez would have been older , perhaps in his late teens or early twenties at the time . 
 it was a gamble worth taking . 
 `` fulgencio is older himself , now , sir . '' 
 he smiled , his elderly eyes distant and placid as he thought back . 
 `` si , si . 
 he was such a good looking young man , so strong . 
 he was twelve years my junior at the time , of course , and in any case , for two such as us to be in love ... . . '' 
 `` so he felt the same way about you ? '' 
 his nod showed surprising energy , and when he talked , he seemed to expect that i would know all about it . 
 `` si , si . 
 we were very much in love , though it is a sin , of course . 
 the depth of our feeling was ... complete . '' 
 arguello looked sad now , the shadows from the lamp accentuating the lines and creases in his face as he remembered what he had lost , his two hands on the mug trembling ever-so-slightly from infirmity . 
 for a moment , he had felt something special again , something forgotten . 
 and then he had lost it once more , a type of anguish never dulled by time or the ravages of age . 
 `` there are not many opportunities to truly love in this life , señor , '' he said . 
 `` and when an opportunity for true love is forsaken it tears the soul just a little bit , in a manner from which it is difficult to recover . 
 it makes it difficult to want to try again . '' 
 `` was he a difficult person then , as well ? '' 
 he nodded , smiling , remembering back . 
 `` i ... believe if we had had a chance to be happy together , i could have led him in another direction . 
 but at that time , there was no option . 
 there was absolutely no way ... . '' 
 he did not need to elaborate . 
 even now in this modern time , my fellow europeans of all stripes could be notoriously backward about accepting that homosexuality was natural . 
 spain was far better than most , just as many people had been accepting of my agnosticism . 
 but three decades ago ? 
 to go public would have led to broad community rejection of either individual , perhaps even jail and torture by franco 's thugs . 
 to be a gay agnostic in franco 's spain would have required a very deep closet indeed . 
 `` do you remember how the church found out , padre ? 
 was there some sort of agreement that this matter would not be spoken of ? '' 
 arguello was still distant , however , still thinking about decades earlier . 
 `` we were younger , you know ? 
 the difficult questions , the great debates of life , they meant so much less to us then . 
 i remember ... `` i restated the question , tried to focus him . 
 `` padre , did you sign an agreement to leave the diocese ? 
 do you remember the specifics of it ? 
 this would be of great help to me . '' 
 he nodded slowly and thought back . 
 `` it ... the details are hazy . 
 but yes , i agreed to stay away . 
 i do not know how the church found out . 
 i do not remember this , these fine details . 
 but they pay my room and board , and i am relatively happy here . 
 there are many older priests here , you know . 
 people to play chess with . 
 people to talk to ... '' i had n't counted on senility preventing me from obtaining specifics . 
 `` do you have any photographs from back then , padre ? '' 
 he had a trunk load , and they featured arguello with all manner of congregation member and church associates , including one in a small silver frame that seemed , from my memory , identical to the one in hilario miguel 's office . 
 but it did not set off his memory of the scandal . 
 `` i am sorry , '' he said after a few minutes . 
 `` this is not helping me remember . 
 i remember fulgencio 's name being talked about in higher circles , and some money went missing , from the parish ... '' `` do you remember these other boys in the picture ? '' 
 he looked at it quickly , but shook his head . 
 i held it out to him again . 
 `` are you sure , padre ? 
 the boy in the middle ... . 
 do you remember another boy , padre , a boy from the same time , named anthony ? 
 the other kids might have called him tony ? '' 
 my friends , i will pause the narrative here momentarily to note that while an expert can read our various facial mannerisms so accurately as to seem prescient , the average person tries to not give too much away ; consequently , judging from appearance is fraught with error . 
 but there was no mistaking the look of discomfort that crossed the old priest 's face when i mentioned ortega 's name . 
 i might as well have blasphemed in church itself . 
 he bit his lip then took a sip of coffee . 
 his hand shook slightly as he put it down and i suspected that he realized his reaction had given something away . 
 `` i am sorry , i am not sure ... '' i leaned forward , to pressure him just a little , to invade his comfort space . 
 `` are you quite sure , padre arguello ? 
 are you quite sure you do n't remember anthony ortega ? 
 you do n't remember if he was the boy who told the diocese about your love affair with fulgencio ? 
 you seemed like you recognized the name . '' 
 he looked ashen now , but stammered a denial . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't think ... these matters are not ... i can not discuss them with you . 
 they are too hazy . '' 
 he seemed to almost be pleading . 
 `` it was so long ago and this does not seem correct to me . 
 no , no it was not this person . '' 
 that was not good . 
 i had assumed it was a clear-cut case of the church being tipped by ortega of their affair and stepping in to protect itself . 
 he doddered over to the door , his hands shaking from infirmity as he opened it for me , and i momentarily wondered if his umbrage was designed to protect someone 's reputation , or god 's good grace . 
 `` i must say good day to you , señor . 
 at my age , the stress of recalling these old times ... please , señor ... '' i had hoped he would give me something more useful , but it did confirm fulgencio sanchez 's secret , and that meant anthony ortega might have known of it from childhood . 
 it would explain their arrangement on the golf course . 
 the question was whether it also led to ortega 's death . 
 `` sir , i am sorry to have disturbed you . 
 i know this has been a difficult conversation and i apologize for that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` eh ... these days , even a difficult visitor is more welcome than no one at all . 
 but you must tell me : why now , señor ? 
 what is to be regained by breaking so many hearts once more ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` just the truth , señor . 
 i do not wish to cause you any distress ; i just have several matters that the church wishes me to investigate , that is all . 
 i have one other question ... '' `` señor ... i am old ... '' `` i know padre , i know . 
 i promise that i am almost out of your hair . 
 just one question and i can head back to the costa blanca and you can stop worrying . '' 
 he slumped a little and nodded , `` si , go ahead , señor castillo . '' 
 `` did tony and fulgencio play golf against each other ? '' 
 padre ramon looked puzzled . 
 `` why would you need to know this ? 
 i tell you , i do not remember specifics . 
 but the parish boundaries included a golf course ; all of the boys played ; they were quite competitive . 
 señor ... how can this help the church ? '' 
 i ignored the question . 
 `` padre , i need to keep the picture for a while . 
 is that okay ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it would just sit in a trunk otherwise . 
 now , señor , if you please ... . '' 
 and so i thanked him and i left , looking forward to wading through the local traffic once more . 
 back in benidorm , the weather was somewhat cooler by the time i 'd driven down from valencia airport . 
 i had decided to get one interview in before the day was done , and so i headed over to the club . 
 i needed to check out ovidio alonso 's belief that señora ortega had ample reason to swing the club that killed her husband . 
 it was quieter . 
 most of the players had gone home for the evening and the bar was almost empty . 
 but señora ortega was still at the bar , sitting on a stool so that her feet did not come close to touching the ground , a strapless dress exposing her tan down to the small of her back and a platinum necklace draped elegantly . 
 she was nursing a gin and tonic , and i sat down on the stool next to her . 
 `` your protector seems to have made himself scarce , '' i said , reaching for a nearby dish of peanuts . 
 vigneault was nowhere to be seen . 
 she drew one of her arms across her body self-consciously . 
 `` alain 's a very busy man . 
 he has business at home in france . '' 
 `` in perpignan ? '' 
 `` he has a vineyard , you see . 
 it 's been in his family for nine generations . 
 he 's been telling me about his family 's history . '' 
 it was near the end of the season , not that i thought it likely vigneault was actually stomping on grapes back home . 
 `` i take it the police have made it clear to him that they want him around ? '' 
 she turned her head quickly . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 are you saying alain is their suspect ? '' 
 the concern was genuine . 
 `` i do n't know , señora ... should he be ? 
 there seem to be a lot of people around here who are not impressed by how quickly the two of you have begun spending all of your time together . '' 
 ortega went silent , slowly turning her martini glass on the bar in counter-clockwise circles , the olive stationary in the clear fluid . 
 i had to wonder if she was questioning his innocence herself . 
 for all her other foibles , señora ortega struck me as a survivor , not inclined to ignore warning signs . 
 `` he 's a good man , you know . 
 anything that has developed between us , it has happened naturally . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` meh . 
 good men do foolish things all the time , señora . 
 someone wiser than both you and i once noted that the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
 why ? 
 do you think maybe monsieur vigneault confronted your late husband ? 
 that perhaps he needed his help financially ? 
 i am aware that many other men came to be in his debt , señora . '' 
 she sniffed a little at that , then subconsciously tossed her hair . 
 `` i do n't know what i think , anymore . 
 i do n't know what to believe . 
 did you see that television report ? 
 they want to crucify me . 
 i do n't even know where they got that ; i have n't talked to the police since the day after they found anthony 's body . '' 
 under the overhead bar light , she seemed tiny and frail , with near-perfect features , and yet just enough lines and wrinkles for the worry to be written across them . 
 esperanza ortega was very beautiful , and it occurred to me just about then that she would never have to kill a husband herself ; there would have been a man available willing to do it for her . 
 even when she was not concentrating on her surroundings and alert to appearances , her air was refined and graceful , almost calculatingly so , her movements having languid grace , the smooth flow of a soft current in spring water . 
 people think that kind of beauty is a wonderful gift . 
 but it seemed to define her , to control her life . 
 and she was not a happy woman . 
 whatever benefits it afforded -- homicidal boyfriends , perhaps -- they were not bringing her satisfaction . 
 `` your neighbor thinks you killed your husband , '' i said , taking a sip of coffee . 
 `` it 's entirely possible that perhaps ovidio called the television station and suggested you are a suspect . 
 he seems to have listened in on a fair degree of señor ortega 's business ... and your personal life , as well . '' 
 she stared at her feet then gave me a stern look . 
 `` and did you take him seriously , señor castillo ? 
 do you think i could kill anyone ? '' 
 now she was looking me deeply in the eyes , her gaze dark and penetrating . 
 she was very ... beguiling , i would say , even when she did not intend it . 
 right now , she had let her hand drift across the bar , her fingertips lightly brushing the back of my hand as she leaned in ... and grabbed the peanut dish . 
 `` excuse me , '' she said . 
 i focused on my beverage . 
 the move was deliberate , and i have never been an amorous individual . 
 `` anyone can kill , under the right circumstances . 
 people kill spouses who are suffering or who are threatening them . 
 we kill elderly relatives when they are terminally sick . 
 some new parents even become so frustrated they kill their own children . '' 
 esperanza smiled . 
 `` are you trying to politely say that you would n't have put it past me ? 
 that you think i was ` suffering ' ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to politely say that your neighbor , señor alonso , would not blame you if you did . 
 while you may rightfully see him as intruding upon the business of others , his intent is good . 
 as for your suffering , señora , i would optimistically note that you are still here . 
 señor ortega is not . '' 
 she looked down at her drink , momentarily appearing slightly embarrassed , stirring it absently with the olive skewer as she leaned on the bar . 
 `` and from what you know now , sir , would you have blamed me ? '' 
 i gave her my best sardonic face . 
 `` well señora , judging by how you lauded your husband the last time we talked , i am not sure what i should believe . 
 on the one hand , as you noted , he should be canonized as st. anthony the benefactor , on the other hand , he was cruel , shrewd and dangerous ... '' she licked dry lips nervously . 
 `` i. . . 
 i am sorry , señor castillo . 
 it is apparent now that my attempts to keep our home problems from becoming public fodder have been fruitless . 
 but my point was fair : my husband 's donations , they did do a lot of good . 
 he had many supporters , and received much notoriety for helping the church . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` publicly . '' 
 her agreement was slow , methodical . 
 `` si . 
 publicly . 
 privately , as you know , he was not a nice man . '' 
 `` and yet you stayed . 
 you seem stronger than that to me ... '' esperanza turned quickly on her stool . 
 `` that is not fair , señor , not fair . 
 what would you have had me do ? 
 he controlled my money , he controlled the car , he controlled my time -- when he could . 
 i could not simply leave . 
 this was anthony ortega , a powerful man with powerful friends . 
 who knows what he would have done ? '' 
 i said nothing , letting her fill the emptiness . 
 `` he would have killed me if i had tried , you know . 
 he might have anyway ... . . '' 
 `` because of alain vigneault ? '' 
 she was still defensive , and with the bar nearly empty seemed to have lost her inhibition with respect to disclosing reality . 
 she swiveled on her stool . 
 `` yes ! 
 he loves me . 
 he has the means to take care of both of us , he does not need my money . 
 we just need this to be over . '' 
 esperanza tilted her head and waited for my response , the tension apparent . 
 i let her reference to his `` means '' go ; it was not my place to intrude with the truth , at least not at this point . 
 `` so alonso is incorrect ? '' 
 that got to her , too . 
 `` alonso is incorrect about many things , i am sure . 
 he was no fan of my husband 's sir , as you know . '' 
 i nodded as she continued . 
 `` for one , señor alonso has his own financial issues with anthony . '' 
 that was new . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she nodded , speaking derisively . 
 `` he is so proud of telling everyone that he `` owns '' that restaurant because he has been in benidorm longer than anyone ... phht ! 
 longer than god , if you ask him on the right day . '' 
 `` it 's not really his place ? '' 
 `` only inasmuch as his name is on the title . 
 but the property is triple mortgaged . 
 i do not know how he goes through his money , but alonso owed one of anthony 's companies a lot of it . '' 
 so alonso had a deeper motive to dislike tony ortega ? 
 i could not have admitted surprise even had i been asked . 
 it was becoming increasingly obvious that among the golf course 's particular community , everyone knew everyone else 's business , criminal and citizen alike . 
 `` there is one other matter , señora . 
 alonso claimed that before vigneault , you had a ... flirtation with a young man who was working on your property , about eighteen months ago . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` he works as a caddy here now . 
 but it was nothing , just a fling for an unhappy , married woman . 
 `` i took a sip of coffee . 
 `` do you think he knew that , señora ? 
 young men can take things very seriously . 
 i understand , for example , he was the recipient of m. vigneault 's largesse a little later on . '' 
 esperanza laughed , and then swallowed the last of her martini . 
 `` this was nothing , max . 
 nothing . 
 dominic is a very strong , very handsome boy , and i am old enough to be his mother . 
 i do not think he worries too much about my unrequited love . '' 
 she stood up and started gathering her things into her purse . 
 `` i have had too much to drink to drive , señor ... can you give me a ride home ? '' 
 she gave a little half-stumble as she said it , her heel catching the carpet slightly . 
 `` you are staying in benidorm ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` si , si . 
 we ... i have a townhouse here . 
 it is fifty minutes back to gandia and is not always practical . 
 i think i spend as much time here now as there . '' 
 `` well , if you do not mind sitting on the back of a vespa . '' 
 she did not , and a few moments later we were headed northeast , towards calpe , where the sanchez townhouse was nestled quietly between two others . 
 the highway was dimly lit at night , and the headlight cut a narrow beam down the dashed lines dividing the lanes as esperanza clung tightly to my waist . 
 occasionally , a car would pass , but for the most part it was quiet and calm , the kilometers rolling by to the engine 's dull vibration . 
 just a few minutes later we were pulling up to a series of white adobe row houses . 
 i walked her to the door , and she let herself in then turned to talk . 
 `` thank you , señor castillo , it was most kind of you . '' 
 she smiled softly , showing just a hint of white teeth . '' 
 for a split second , i had the impression she might ask me in , as she paused , as if waiting for me to fill the silence , to make some sort of `` move . '' 
 she stared at me , dropping her chin slightly with a sense of vulnerability and biting softly on her lower lip . 
 though one of the few immediate and obvious benefits of leaving the priesthood was the lack of a celibacy clause , i was not inclined to give her such a psychological advantage -- an advantage she would have whether she said yes , followed by seducing me , or no , followed by my acute embarrassment . 
 in the circumstance , it would just have been wrong . 
 and , as i said , i am not easily swayed in such a manner . 
 i backed down the steps . 
 `` you are a very intriguing woman , señora ortega , and i suspect there is more that you may know about your husband 's difficult dealings . 
 but the evening is late . '' 
 `` and i am safely home , '' she said . 
 `` you have discharged your duty to protect my honor and virtue and done so with aplomb . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` well then ... '' she tilted her head to enter the townhouse , before looking back over her shoulder . 
 `` pleasant dreams , señor . '' 
 and then she closed the front door . 
 **** chapter 8 i awoke from a bad dream , rubbed my face blearily and turned on a lamp . 
 but , as expected , all was quiet in la casilda 's stateroom , the messy clothing and general chaos unmoved from the night before . 
 the room shifted and rolled ever so subtly with the bob of the water , and the lamp above my head swung gently along with it , the shadows shifting around the room . 
 it was already nine in the morning , but my blackout curtains had done their job admirably . 
 when i finally pulled on a pair of shorts and sandals and stumbled outside , the sun streamed through the cabin door , bright and brilliant in the clear sky as small whitecaps lapped up on the adjacent beach . 
 i pulled on my sunglasses quickly to avoid the glare . 
 everyone i 'd talked to in the ortega case seemed to have some reason to want him dead , and other reasons to implicate someone else . 
 but the death of hilario miguel and the attempt to cover his ties to padre arguello via the theft of his photo seemed to serve several interests in particular . 
 i did not think it could be as simple as fulgencio sanchez covering up his homosexuality , or esperanza ortega trying to escape with her lover alain vigneault , or a jealous caddy , or even ovidio alonso 's restaurant lease . 
 in truth , it seemed , it had to be a little bit about all of them . 
 then there was the additional complication of the two hit men , and trying to figure out what they were up to . 
 that would mean some more digging . 
 most of these concerns , inevitably , related to finance . 
 and that required a visit to the local assessor and land titles , as well as calling andy mendoza . 
 land titles were another specialty of my reporter friend samantha . 
 people who are involved with criminals tend to get into debt , and that affects both their credit and their mortgage histories . 
 the latter is attached , as a lien , on any land title history . 
 when they start defaulting on payments , inevitably a civil court filings search on their name will uncover summary judgments against them with even more detail . 
 there is a lot out there . 
 as such , it was not hard to check on just how badly ovidio alonso was doing and to which of ortega 's companies he was indebted . 
 at the neon-lit front counter of the registry , i left his name and his restaurant 's address with a clerk i knew there who was reliably prompt , along with a couple of fishing trips : any recent dealings by propiedad fortaleza . 
 secretly , i rather hoped that alonso would come up completely clean . 
 he did not seem to really hold any grudge against señora ortega , he just disliked her ex-husband , which was not an uncommon sentiment . 
 and it was nice to think of a businessman from old benidorm still making a go of it , in an era where the beaches were sometimes so packed with out-of-towners it was hard to tell you were still in spain . 
 i looked up at the sky and swore reflexively at god ; it seemed i still had faith when i needed someone to blame for the high cost of records searches . 
 still , i reminded myself , it was worth the cost to get the diocese off my back . 
 it was going to take at least a day to get the records together , however , and there were other leads i could follow up in the meantime . 
 i had to talk to dominic , the disingenuous caddy , about his affair with señora ortega ; but first , i dialed the bishop 's office . 
 `` andy mendoza , please . 
 it 's max castillo , '' i said , stifling a snicker at the image of his secretary staring at the phone receiver . 
 it was sinful , really , how easy it was to get under his skin by using his name . 
 childish , too . 
 but we had a history . 
 a moment later he took the call . 
 `` ay ... look , i 'm glad for the old days in the neighborhood too , little maxi , but please use my title when you call the office ; i do not like to be undermined with my staff . '' 
 `` of course , andy , of course . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` what 's up maxi ? 
 what can i help with ? '' 
 i had to weigh my words carefully . 
 this has never been my strong suit . 
 `` how much do you want me to solve the ortega case , andy ? '' 
 mendoza paused momentarily again . 
 `` i do n't understand , max . 
 why do you think we hired you , man ? 
 i thought you were making progress . '' 
 `` that is my point , andy . 
 you hired me to find out whether esperanza ortega killed her husband . 
 but i guess what i am asking is whether you are going to be as satisfied if it was someone else who committed the crime . 
 every time we have talked , it has been made apparent to me that you would really prefer her to be guilty , due to the inheritance situation . '' 
 this time it was the bishop measuring his words , which did not surprise me at all , and he was infinitely more tactful ; even when he was a teenage jock bully , andy took a measured approach to protecting his self-interests . 
 `` maxi , the only way this would be satisfying would be to bring anthony ortega back from the dead , and we know that is not going to happen . 
 of course i will be satisfied justice has been done no matter who is arrested . '' 
 `` then will you help me ? 
 i need access to any records of transactions between ortega and the church for property transfers . '' 
 he paused again . 
 `` why ? 
 how is that going to help ? '' 
 `` it will give me a list of several of his holding companies , which will allow me to run title searches on them and get addresses , directors -- any potential ties between ortega and his potential killers ... including señora ortega . 
 you never know what property he placed in her name without anyone else being aware , andy . 
 in other words , i 'm not saying she did n't do it , amigo , but without the records , i will certainly have a hard time telling you if she did . 
 `` mendoza took another deep breath . 
 `` okay . 
 yes , of course . 
 i 'm tied up with regular business today until after office hours , but i have his file in my safe . 
 stop by after dinner , say seven o’clock . 
 , and you can take a look . '' 
 the circumstance reminded me too much of hilario miguel and i spoke instinctively . 
 `` andy ... . '' 
 `` yes , maxi ? '' 
 `` do not hang around the office too long . 
 and keep your head down , your grace . '' 
 dominic the caddy did not start work until noon , and so i sat killing time for an hour in the bar . 
 caridad 's nagging about my drinking had been playing on my mind , and i forwent the urge to order a double boilermaker , settling instead for a lone peroni . 
 ay , almost noon and i had had one drink . 
 this was progress , i supposed ... but i was also supposed to be on vacation , and i believed in slow , incremental gain on this particular front , anyway . 
 the bartender was his usual talkative self . 
 `` we had n't seen him for a couple of days , '' he said , when i mentioned the caddy 's name . 
 `` everyone figured he 'd quit or got a better offer at oliva nova . 
 turns out he was just off sick . '' 
 `` did you talk to him ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yeah , he called the bar line to let us know . 
 i joked that there 'd been so many people here asking questions over the week that i 'd almost called in sick too , just to avoid it all , and that kind of got a nervous laugh out of him . 
 but he was n't sounding too happy , señor . 
 i think whatever laid him up did a good job of it , and if he was just skipping out , it had to be for something that was n't much fun . '' 
 i took a swallow of beer . 
 `` you think maybe he skipped out ? '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` could be . 
 he worked at ortega 's house a few summers back , you know , so people have been after him the whole time , including a couple of media the first week . 
 and he said there was this one cop in particular ... '' probably nicky , finally getting down to work . 
 but the bartender did n't get a chance to finish the sentence . 
 dominic had opened the bar 's double doors and seen me sitting , beer in hand , frozen in place . 
 a split second later , he bolted , sprinting first through the door to the tee boxes , then down the rough gap between the ninth and tenth fairways . 
 `` dominic ! 
 wait ! 
 i just want to talk ! '' 
 i took off after him , blowing through the double doors to the outside . 
 there was no way i would catch him on foot , but a foursome of elderly ladies waiting to tee off on number ten provided some assistance . 
 i jumped in their golf cart as they stood five meters away on the tee box , readying for their drives . 
 `` ladies , my apologies . 
 i have only need of your cart for a moment ... '' their cries echoed behind me as i punched the gas and the tiny electric cart dithered its way up to twenty kilometers per hour . 
 still , it was rapid enough to make up ground quickly down the fairway on the fleeing dominic and , as i approached him , i momentarily considered diving dramatically off the cart , tackling him in mid-flight . 
 then it occurred to me that being bumped by a golf cart would accomplish the same task with far less risk to my person . 
 i clipped him at full speed , just behind one knee , and the youth fairly flew , bouncing on the fairway and rolling several feet before coming to a groggy rest . 
 i brought the cart to a halt next to him `` okay , kid , time for an expla ... '' he tried to get up and run , but took two steps before crashing down . 
 `` damn ! 
 my knee -- i think it 's sprained . '' 
 i sat down on the edge of the cart 's seat , facing him . 
 `` okay , dominic . 
 explain . '' 
 `` i ... '' `` dominic , '' i noted , trying to sound as official as possible , `` i do n't think you want to lie to me right now . 
 you were caught literally running away from a murder investigation . 
 you know how bad that looks ? '' 
 once again , i saw no point in mentioning that it was not an actual police investigation . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he was panicky , fumbling inside his pocket . 
 `` here ! 
 here , this is it . 
 i knew it was not right , but i took it anyway . 
 oh god , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 dominic looked like he wanted to cry . 
 he 'd handed me an elegant men 's watch made by longines , with a thin face , a titanium-and-gold case and gold hands . 
 `` i knew i should n't have taken it , but it was just lying there , on the front counter of the pro shop . '' 
 he was sullen , sitting there with his knees up like a little kid on a school trip . 
 i crouched down beside him . 
 `` dominic , if you 're lying ... `` please , take it . 
 i have had nightmares ever since anyway . 
 are you going to arrest me ? '' 
 `` perhaps we say you found the watch and turned it in , if you help me get some answers . 
 `` dominic got up and put a little weight on his knee . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i went over to his side and helped brace his weight as he limped to the cart . 
 `` it was just a reward , you know ? 
 i caddied for that ... i caddied for ortega for two years and he tipped terribly . 
 he was rude to everyone -- and i mean everyone , mean to the other players . 
 and he cheated , all the time . 
 i mean , shit , how many times can i kick a golf ball out of the rough without him getting caught ? 
 `` i figured someone must have found the watch and left it on the counter in the pro shop , to turn it in . 
 i forgot my windbreaker , so i came back late . 
 i work some shifts in the pro shop , like most of the caddies , and i used my swipe card to get in from the interior clubhouse door , by the bar . '' 
 i had sympathy for the kid . 
 stealing the watch was only going to create serious problems in his young life if i turned him in . 
 `` come on , we better get you back to the clubhouse , '' i said . 
 `` we can invent a story later to explain why you took off like a lunatic . '' 
 we took the cart back and i dropped it off with the ladies once i 'd delivered dominic and his sprained knee to the infirmary . 
 `` my apologies , señoras , '' i offered . 
 `` but the need was great indeed . '' 
 back at the clubhouse twenty minutes later , dominic emerged from the offices limping , with an ice pack tied around the swollen area . 
 we grabbed a seat in the bar . 
 `` i did not realize how much trouble it would cause , '' he said apologetically . 
 `` but it is such a nice piece . 
 it could probably pay my rent , even hot . '' 
 i bought him a lemonade . 
 `` when i was younger , dominic , i had an opportunity to work with young people who had resorted to stealing to survive . 
 they were not bad kids but , like yourself , they made bad choices in how they went about it . 
 some of those kids are dead now , dominic . 
 some of them are in jail . '' 
 he stared down at his beverage , embarrassed . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 the sullen youth took a sip of the cold beverage . 
 `` nineteen . 
 i mean , i 'll be nineteen in a couple of weeks . '' 
 i needed to get to the other matter , although the watch had already convinced me that dominic was not a killer . 
 no one who was that bad a thief could get away with a serious crime for an entire week without spilling his guts to someone . 
 `` you worked for the ortegas two summers ago , according to señora ortega . '' 
 he looked down again . 
 `` i lived nearby , it made sense . 
 look , i think i know where you 're going with this , and it was nothing . 
 i mean ... '' he looked up , momentarily bright-eyed and proud , '' ... i mean , it was something , you know ? 
 it was something ... but it was just fun . 
 it was exciting . '' 
 i nodded laughing . 
 `` i bet it was . 
 at your age it was probably two minutes of excitement . '' 
 he laughed , embarrassed . 
 `` perhaps thirty seconds . '' 
 `` you must have liked her a lot . '' 
 dominic smiled again , looking distant . 
 `` oh yeah , man , she was hot , you know ? '' 
 `` nice , too ? '' 
 `` nice , too . 
 the nicest , you know ? 
 she is flirtatious . 
 she enjoys life , esperanza , she likes guys . 
 she was really good to me ... '' he sounded somewhat wistful . 
 i paused for a moment and took a sip of beer . 
 `` and he was really bad to her , was n't he , dominic ? '' 
 he face went cold for a moment as he thought about his former employer . 
 `` yeah , he was . 
 i never actually saw him hit her , but i heard the aftermath , saw her crying , alone . 
 he was pretty bad , man . 
 i 'm not going to lie , but when they pulled him out of that bunker ... i felt pretty good . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you missing a nine-iron ? '' 
 he held up both hands in protest , nervous again . 
 `` hey , no way ! 
 i just took the watch , and it was n't from ortega . '' 
 `` when did you find it ? '' 
 dominic paused and thought for moment . 
 `` let 's see ... they found him thirteen days ago , which was a sunday , and it was a saturday , not the one the day before , but a week before that ... so three weeks ago today , i guess . '' 
 it might date the death , i figured . 
 the coroner had n't been able to give police anything better than a one-week window , but whoever stuck tony ortega in that bunker might have left the watch behind accidentally . 
 `` you did n't say anything about it . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i figured for everything that guy put me through , it 's a fair trade , '' he shrugged as if it were nothing , but looked down at his shoes , ashamed . 
 it was a good sign , the sign of a healthy , guilty conscience . 
 of course , in some broader sense , he was probably right . 
 in the broadest sense , perhaps anthony ortega was dead because he was a lying , stealing , cheating , wife-beating dirt bag . 
 perhaps anthony ortega was dead because he deserved to be . 
 perhaps it was a fair trade . 
 i still could not rule dominic out , but it seemed unlikely at best that he was the killer . 
 after paying for a clubhouse lunch for four very irate elderly lady golfers -- and promising to never commandeer their cart again -- i headed back to the beach and tracked down caridad . 
 `` everyone hated this guy , cari . 
 everyone . 
 madre de dios , if he came back to life , i 'd probably kill him at this point . 
 there was n't a decent thing about him . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` no doubt . 
 but if you can figure out a way to pin it on fulgencio sanchez and take care of two big local birds with one stone ... `` i shrugged . 
 `` it 's as good a theory as any . 
 but i still have no idea why someone would takeout hilario miguel as well . 
 they were partners , but two more different men you could not hope to meet . 
 and that leaves me with their business . '' 
 caridad sighed . 
 `` money again , eh , max ? 
 it seems whenever one of us has encountered a profound evil , it has always been about money , at its core . '' 
 this was true and it was something to think about , a focal point : following the money . 
 `` do not ask our heretical friend about evil , caridad . 
 he ca n't help you . '' 
 it was domingo the beach bum . 
 `` and do not be so quick to judge money : just today , after years of faithfully playing , i myself won a hundred euros in the lottery ! '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` and what does this tell you , domingo ? '' 
 he swallowed some rum and coke . 
 `` padre , it tells me that god is indeed good , that he shines down with great mercy upon those who glorify his name . 
 you see , i keep the faith ; i have the strength of my convictions . 
 unlike some people i could mention . '' 
 `` so you prayed for this result ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` god truly looks out for the man who glorifies in his name . '' 
 i smiled and took a sip of beer , but domingo persisted . 
 `` well , padre , are you still not convinced ? 
 when was the last time you won a bet , padre ? '' 
 although i could not fault his contempt for my poor gambling record , his concept of logic left much to be desired . 
 `` do you like english comedy , domingo ? '' 
 `` eh ? '' 
 `` english comedy . 
 monty python ? '' 
 he looked for a moment like he was intently prying food from a back tooth with his tongue . 
 `` even your sense of humor is sacrilegious , '' domingo said with a sigh . 
 i waved him off . 
 `` in any case , john cleese once told a story about his view of religion , in which a group of missionaries tries in vain time and again to get through treacherous mountains in order to spread the word of god . 
 on each of seven successive trips , most of the travelers die terribly , and the others must retreat . '' 
 domingo nodded . 
 years of church had conditioned him to listen intently to parables . 
 either that or he was nearly anaesthetized by rum . 
 `` finally , on the eighth trip , the group made it through the perilous mountains . 
 they immediately praised god for delivering them to safety ... . 
 when all the while it should have occurred to them that he was trying like hell to stop them from crossing the mountains . '' 
 he looked puzzled , sitting on his stool , holding his winning ticket . 
 `` i do n't understand , padre . '' 
 `` it 's very simple to give god all the credit for the good in the world , domingo , and none of the bad . 
 but it never occurred to you when you won to add up how much you spent on all those other tickets . 
 it never occurred to you that on hundreds of other occasions , over the course of years , god allowed you to lose so much more money than you won tonight . 
 why is he only omnipotent when it benefits you , domingo ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` this is blasphemous nonsense . 
 god does not allow evil . 
 that is the work of the devil . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` and yet you have called god all-powerful on other occasions , domingo . 
 and yet he allows the devil to exist , to be the source of this evil . 
 does this make sense ? 
 do you not see the contradiction ? 
 how this does not make sense ? '' 
 domingo thought for a moment and then pointed at me . 
 `` it does not make sense to you , padre . 
 but it makes sense to one with faith . 
 that is the gift of faith , '' he stressed . 
 i tried another logical approach . 
 `` let me ask you another way : you say god is sometimes a vengeful , jealous god ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` the old testament says it is so . '' 
 `` and yet jealousy is -- by definition -- a perception of inequity , is it not ? '' 
 he thought about that . 
 `` of course , yes . 
 that is the case in the bible : god is jealous because praise and acknowledgement that should be his is visited upon others . '' 
 `` but domingo : how can an omnipotent being be jealous ? 
 any inequity causing such a negative emotion could , by his power , be simply made to disappear . 
 why would an all-powerful being with the power to avoid any jealousy not do so ? '' 
 his eyes darted around momentarily as he searched for the right way to express himself . 
 `` padre , you know all too well that there is much in this world we do not understand . 
 should we cast off the divine simply because we do not understand it ? '' 
 again , it was not a rational argument , merely a conveniently conjured relationship between two unrelated issues . 
 and it has never been my intention to battle the faith of others , just to make them think a little . 
 i tipped my beer in his direction . 
 `` i 'm happy that you have all the answers , my friend . '' 
 he finished his drink and left the glass on the counter before getting up to go . 
 `` and i am sad for you that you do not , '' he said . 
 `` you need someone on your side at all times , padre . 
 we all do . 
 we all need someone to help carry the load . '' 
 he might have had a point but to me , it still did not translate into the need for rigid dogma , for fear of free will . 
 family can help carry a load . 
 or friends . 
 or any type of community which , after all , is what religion seems really to be about . 
 after he had left , caridad sat down behind the bar , putting her feet up on a chair . 
 my phone buzzed once -- an email . 
 i checked the box and it was from sam gamboa , photos of the dauphin brothers , pierre and tom . 
 the former was not familiar , the latter surprising . 
 i chuckled and moved the email into a folder for safekeeping . 
 caridad snapped me back to the real world . 
 `` you know , you were a lot easier for people to take when you were a priest . 
 there was a certain predictability . '' 
 i shot her a look then caught myself . 
 she meant nothing by it . 
 `` same man , cari , you know that . 
 you are not listening to domingo 's garbage , are you ? '' 
 she pointed to herself with her beer . 
 `` no , i know what the deal is . 
 but there 's me , aurelio , a few along the beach ... that 's not much of a community . 
 you need to get out more , amigo . '' 
 she was right . 
 but the right time never seemed available , the need rarely pressing . 
 `` i 'm not unhappy , cari . 
 maybe a bit lacking in purpose ; but the bishop seems willing to find tasks to occupy my time . '' 
 caridad laughed and uncapped another beer for me . 
 `` it 's a living , max . '' 
 when i got back to the boat , the two familiar figures on deck did not look happy . 
 tomas the balding hit man already had his piece out , silenced . 
 tinho , the portuguese giant , was flexing both fists with enough force to crush diamonds . 
 tomas waved his pistol , motioning me to climb aboard . 
 `` when was the last time you took this thing out to sea , padre ? '' 
 that did n't sound good . 
 `` it 's not sea worthy , tomas , not really . 
 insufficient ballast , and it 's tethered by two-inch thick guywires . 
 it would take a tow barge . '' 
 this was , of course , complete bullshit . 
 but i had no intention of giving them an easy time . 
 tomas pinched his nose and looked pained . 
 `` ay dios ... padre , why do you insist on vexing me ? 
 you interceded in gandia , you ignore our warnings regarding fulgencio sanchez ... '' i smiled . 
 `` but monsieur dauphin , you do not work for fulgencio sanchez . 
 and i imagine if i check , i will discover that agostinho no longer does , either . '' 
 the smaller man cocked his head and smiled , impressed , then gave me some faint applause , pistol still in hand . 
 `` congratulations , padre ! 
 finally , you get something right . '' 
 `` i should have noticed your accent was strange earlier , but your spanish is very good . 
 a colleague of mine helped me identify you , and the fact that you have your own operation , as well as a useful pawn in alain vigneault , suggests you 're down here for a purpose that fulgencio sanchez would be most interested in hearing about . '' 
 i had to keep him talking , buy time . 
 he smiled gently , confident and unworried . 
 `` padre , you 're a smart guy and a nice man . 
 most people think i 'm a smart guy , too . 
 but i 'm most definitely not a nice man . 
 and agostinho here is neither . 
 so we 've run out of ways to both scare you off and further implicate sanchez . '' 
 `` what about vigneault ? '' 
 i still had no idea what they were up to . 
 this seemed like an opportune -- and , perhaps , final -- chance to find out . 
 `` what are you going to do with him ? 
 i assume this is your route into esperanza 's money ? 
 you certainly were n't down here just to muscle in on sanchez . '' 
 the french gangster lowered his gun and peered at me through the gathering dusk . 
 then he looked out to sea pensively again for a moment . 
 `` are you that smart , padre ... or are you just bullshitting me ? '' 
 he waved the gun up and down absentmindedly , thinking things over and studying me simultaneously . 
 `` nah ... i think you 're just bullshitting me . 
 i do n't think you have a clue what 's going on . '' 
 agostinho was getting impatient . 
 `` tomas , just kill him and we can get out of here , amigo . '' 
 tomas shushed him . 
 `` not here . 
 he has too many friends and they 'll find him within hours . 
 besides , there are people all over the rest of the harbor , witnesses . 
 then the whole town will be locked down tight . 
 we take him out , lose him in the country . '' 
 he motioned at me again with his pistol . 
 `` there 's a lot of fucking country around here , padre . 
 they wo n't find you for a long time , maybe ever . 
 by then , our shit will be long done . '' 
 he nodded towards the gangplank towards the pier . 
 `` up you go , padre , and stay close . '' 
 we walked to their car in single file , the little man staying right behind me with the pistol in the small of my back . 
 `` the green honda , on the right , '' he said . 
 i looked up and down the bordering street but could see no one familiar . 
 any attempt to flee or cry out would be suicidal , and with the pair just feet from their car , they might even escape after shooting me . 
 they bundled me into the back seat with the giant next to me . 
 `` we 're going to pop out of town , pop a nosy priest in the back of the head , and pop back into town in time for dinner , '' tomas said cheerfully . 
 we were slowly pulling out of the lot when another car turned in , a brown sedan . 
 the driver , insp. nicodemo garcia , had the look of a man who realized i would not be riding in the back of a dented honda with two thuggish companions willingly , and our eyes met for just a moment -- just long enough . 
 garcia jammed his car into reverse , slamming it backwards and turning in front of the honda before tomas could react . 
 i was expecting the impact , but the giant was n't , and his head momentarily slammed off the seat in front of him . 
 i fumbled for the door handle and rolled out of the car , terrified , expecting a bullet from behind at any moment . 
 instead , tomas favored discretion over valor , throwing the honda into reverse for a few feet then peeling away , its tires fairly kicking up rubber on the hot benidorm asphalt . 
 a car door slammed behind me as i lay on the pavement , and a second later , garcia was helping me to my feet . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i let out a deep breath , then doubled over for a moment , hit by a wave of fatigue and collapsed nerve-endings . 
 i let my full weight lean against the side of his sedan and exhaled deeply again . 
 `` you know , that was what i call fantastic timing , my old friend . 
 i keep telling everyone how much better shape i am in , but when push came to shove , that was harsh . '' 
 garcia pulled out his phone and called in the incident and the car 's description . 
 `` maybe we get lucky , pick them up somewhere nearby . '' 
 then he reached in his breast pocket and pulled out a cigarette , then lit it with an old zippo lighter . 
 he saw me staring at it . 
 `` maxi , i 'm guessing i just saved you from some bad dude . 
 do n't give me shit about tobacco , okay ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sorry . 
 reflex . '' 
 `` so who was that ? '' 
 `` that , '' i said , `` was a loose end in the ortega case . '' 
 he squinted . 
 `` maxi ... . '' 
 i patted him on the shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm close . 
 a day or two at most , and i 'll pull you in as soon as i have all the pieces put together . '' 
 he looked at my cynically . 
 `` do n't make me look bad , okay ? 
 and do n't get your brains blown out . 
 i 'm only forty-two . 
 i do n't need to see this much death in one year . '' 
 **** chapter 9 andy mendoza was right on time , his black mercedes pulling into the first reserved space in the diocese lot . 
 i 'd gotten to its offices in alicante just before seven o’clock at night and found the building closed up tight . 
 rather than wait there for me after work , he had evidently taken my advice and stepped out for dinner at one of the many nearby restaurants . 
 i waited in the parking lot , going through my notebook , connecting dots . 
 `` you know my secretary wants to kill you , maxi , '' he said as he slammed his car door . 
 he had evidently left his driver at home for the night . 
 `` the church 's file on donations from señor ortega is enormous . 
 he has donated in excess of twelve million euros in property over the last three decades . 
 it took her six hours to compile and photocopy today and she had to bring in a temp to handle the phone . '' 
 he unlocked the front door and we walked into the building together , towards the main offices , andy pausing a couple of times to flick on overhead neon lights . 
 i nodded . 
 `` if he had not given so much , would i be spending all this time trying to find out who killed him ? '' 
 he shrugged , looking awkward for a moment as he struggled for a nice , diplomatic answer . 
 `` probably not , maxi . 
 i never met the man , personally . 
 he usually worshipped in gandia and made most of his donations in concert with an important event , or fundraiser , or holiday . 
 the pattern is fairly consistent throughout ortega 's adult life . 
 but we never ran in the same circles . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` you do not play golf anymore ? '' 
 it was the one sport at which i had done okay as a teen and he had failed , rather miserably , though i had long since given it up as well . 
 but mendoza ignored the bait . 
 `` in any case , i need all of this back within the business week , maxi . 
 make notes , make copies , but give me a list of everything you 've copied . 
 there 's always a chance señora ortega could find out and decide we are invading her company 's privacy , or something ridiculous . 
 if , on the other hand , you do your job ... . '' 
 i gave him a hard look as we reached the office . 
 `` remember our deal , andy : if she did not do it , she did not do it . '' 
 he walked behind his desk , picking up the large pile of folders on top and reaching across the desk to hand them to me . 
 they were about a foot thick . 
 i looked down at them , feeling their collective weight . 
 `` you must be kidding . '' 
 he smiled , broadly . 
 `` you reap the whirlwind , my friend . 
 thirty years of deals there , and just by glancing at them i can tell you ortega must have used at least twenty different companies for his business . 
 have fun running title searches on all of that . '' 
 my head tilted back with involuntary anxiety and i stared at the ceiling , which had been painted with a renaissance-style fresco . 
 `` you know , andy , we 've known each other for a long time . 
 you could just forgive my bill . 
 you do have that authority . 
 you could just use your title to get me out of my mess . '' 
 he looked at me with mock confusion . 
 `` but maxi , if my title were important to you , i 'm sure you 'd have used it by now . 
 i would n't just be ` andy mendoza , ' old friend from the neighborhood , as you were intent on telling my staff . 
 even your own brother , one of my longest-standing friends , seems to think there is some actual purpose to `` your grace . '' 
 but you 've never show me that respect . '' 
 in a way , it was comforting to know that in a world where faith comes and goes and the only sure things are death and taxes , some people are truly predictable : he was still a jerk . 
 the title was still important to him for reasons of sheer vanity . 
 and i would swim to africa before calling him `` your grace '' again . 
 `` okay andy , '' i said , as i walked out of his office . 
 `` i get that you do not like my attitude . 
 you , in the meantime , should understand that it does not show much moral fortitude for a church leader to effectively blackmail an old friend with a debt he knows that friend can not pay , and really should not have to . 
 after all , i gave you four years of my life , whether you think it is enough or not ; whether some paper i signed when i was eighteen says it is or not . 
 but just keep one thing in mind : whoever shot hilario miguel is still out there . 
 and he does n't give a shit about your title . 
 so keep your head down . '' 
 i did not think there was really any chance that they would target him . 
 but he was such an ass ; he deserved to sweat a little . 
 on the way back to the boat , i stopped at the registry office to pick up the results of the initial searches . 
 as reported by señora ortega , ovidio alonso was leveraged to the hilt ; the company , asunción , was a mortgage brokerage owned in majority by one of ortega 's twenty or so holding companies , and it held paper on both his restaurant and an apartment he owned in valencia . 
 alonso had missed three consecutive payments and was in a state of default , it indicated , which meant the mortgage holder could technically seize his asset . 
 if he was lucky , i surmised , the restaurateur had another few weeks at most . 
 the rest of the paperwork was just as telling , but required much filtering . 
 merely extracting a list of the firms from the diocese 's paperwork took two hours . 
 i took notes on the financials as i went , not expecting any pattern in the numbers but more out of curiosity than anything . 
 each year for three decades , one or more of ortega 's companies had transferred hundreds of thousands of euros worth of land to the alicante diocese . 
 given ortega 's famous wealth , it stood to reason that they were just a small portion of his property skimmed off the top , a fantastic tax hedge , at the very least , although that seemed a rather honest rationale for such a complete scumbag . 
 i made a list of documentation to search . 
 chief among them were the current legal state of those properties , the recent filings of the twenty holding companies and the handful of other people to whom ovidio alonso owed the rest of his money . 
 it was going to take a few hours to go through the results , at the very least . 
 after filing the searches and playing the financials through in my head a few times , i rode back over to the old city and had lunch with caridad at the monsoon . 
 she picked at her fish and chips as if they were hardly there which , given that it was my turn to pay , was somewhat disconcerting . 
 `` honestly , cari , you eat like a bird . '' 
 she looked irritated at that . 
 `` i 'm not sixteen anymore , max , and i do n't have an eating disorder . '' 
 `` whatever , just try to take better care of yourself . '' 
 i know ... but the irony was lost on me at the time , believe me . 
 i finished the last bite of my cod . 
 the restaurant offered a special on three-course combinations and i was starving , intending to take full advantage to down some orange sorbet . 
 `` look , i think i am just a couple of pieces away on the ortega thing . 
 it is like jumble in my brain but it is . . 
 it is right there . 
 i can almost see the pieces coming together . '' 
 i was staring at the table , my mind on the stolen picture , the land donations , the dead partner , the murder itself , alain vigneault , tomas dauphin , padre ramon arguello . 
 a waitress walked by to my left and it broke my concentration . 
 i could see a blurry reflection of cari in the table and looked up , realizing i had zoned out . 
 she was smiling . 
 `` you need to sleep more , amigo . 
 this thing is really getting inside your head . 
 yesterday , you were actually arguing with domingo . 
 domingo , the beach bum . 
 that should tell you something , max . 
 when was the last time you got out ? 
 you know , really had a night out ? '' 
 i shot her a sardonic , furrowed brow . 
 `` ay , cari , give it a rest ! 
 a social butterfly i will never be , okay ? '' 
 we had finished lunch and were about to leave when a familiar bony figure arrived at our tableside . 
 `` you know max , if you can afford to eat out , maybe you can afford to pay your rent . '' 
 i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` normally i can smell a skunk before it approaches , cari . 
 but this one has the snake-like ability of a lawyer to get close to its target undetected , unfortunately . 
 how did you know i was here ? '' 
 remigio herminio took a seat at the table with us . 
 `` i followed you from the boat . 
 maxp ; we have to figure this rent thing out , man . 
 i told you a week , and i meant it . 
 in three days , my client is going to tell me to file civil papers against you and , if as i suspect you forget to show up for court , we 'll have a summary judgment in a month or so . 
 you could lose your boat , max . '' 
 i exhaled deeply . 
 `` madre de dios , what do you want from me , you bloodsucker ? 
 i can not pay you , i can not recommend anyone else who can pay you , and i can not recommend a tailor . 
 besides , that suit suggests you are beyond help . '' 
 he leaned forward on his elbows . 
 `` i want the thirteen hundred and fifty euros you owe in back rent ... but i 've been authorized to tell you that for this one time , we will take the one thousand and fifty euros it would have been under the old rent , as long as you sign the new lease . '' 
 `` remigio , you are a shrewd , shrewd negotiator . 
 but i do not have four hundred euros right now , let alone my arrears , so your client will have to wait a few more days . 
 and i am not going to sign any lease that includes a rent hike . 
 it is a matter of principle . '' 
 he got up to go . 
 `` you 're not a very hospitable lunch guest , you know that max ? 
 you know my client may not be willing to wait past this week . 
 he can flip that lease in a minute , and there are one hundred people lined up who 'd like your spot ... '' i had a thought and zoned out for a moment , but cari brought me back to the present . 
 `` ay coño , max ! 
 you drink too much , man . 
 pay attention ! '' 
 `` eh ? 
 oh yeah , the snake . 
 adios , remigio . 
 go back to your weasel of a client and tell him i 'm not going anywhere , eh ? '' 
 after herminio left , cari knocked back the last of a tall orange juice and stared at me intently . 
 self-conscious , i pretended not to notice and instead stared out the restaurant 's front window at the pedestrians strolling by . 
 `` max ... . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what to make of you anymore . 
 you know ? 
 you 're not always there . 
 it 's like you 've always got something bigger in mind . '' 
 she sounded a little tense , perhaps a little bit frustrated . 
 i shook my head gently . 
 `` no cari , no that 's not it . 
 i 'm sorry , kid , really ... it 's just ... '' `` that ! 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` that right there ! 
 it 's like you 're not paying attention to the passage of the rest of the world , max , you 're so damn insular . 
 time is passing you by . 
 i 'm not a kid anymore . 
 i 'm twenty-five , i own a business , i date . 
 i mean , i would date , if i did n't own a damn business ... '' even as she talked , i was only half-listening , intently focused on the pieces of the puzzle . 
 the pieces , all of those company names , and something herminio had said ... . 
 `` sorry kid . 
 i know this sounds deep and important and all but we 'll have to finish this later . 
 i have to check something . 
 for once in his misbegotten , evil life , remigio might have said something useful . '' 
 i got up to go and threw some bills onto the table to cover the bill . 
 her mouth dropped open a little . 
 `` you 're kidding me ? 
 you promise me we 've got the whole afternoon together and after thirty minutes you take off on a case for the freaking diocese ? 
 are you kidding me ? '' 
 i held up both hands in apology as i backed out of the restaurant . 
 `` kid , when inspiration strikes ... . . '' 
 the door swung closed behind me and i could just faintly here her yell as i hit the pavement . 
 `` i 'm not a kid , max ! '' 
 the clerk at the registry office had done an admirable job and i had a new batch of files to go through . 
 this time , however , i knew what i was looking for ... or had an idea , anyway . 
 herminio had reminded me of something , and i 'd finally put the pieces together , not the who or the how -- i already figured i knew that part ; but the why . 
 without a motive , there was no case , after all . 
 the nature of an investigation is that , just like forming an important opinion on a matter of public interest , the best approach is to take your time . 
 i 'd been over the church 's case file , interviewed everyone connected with ortega and immediate family , collected enough financial information to confirm a suspicion or two and had a pretty good idea of who had n't killed him . 
 a few more pieces of the puzzle would confirm the picture i thought was already emerging of who had . 
 i called fulgencio sanchez 's office first . 
 `` he 's not available , '' a receptionist said with the cool repetitiveness of an automaton . 
 `` can i take a message ? '' 
 `` si , señora . 
 please tell him that max castillo called , and that he is cordially invited to a gathering at la blanca golf course tomorrow night at eight o’clock , where i will reveal the killer of anthony ortega . '' 
 i tried to add a slight dramatic flourish to my delivery , for posterity . 
 she was unenthused , as if she 'd been listening to similar lines all day . 
 `` uh huh , revealing ortega killer , wednesday night , la blanca . 
 i 'll pass it along to his secretary sir . '' 
 i suppose when you work for a powerful gangster , you get all types on the phone . 
 mind you , if someone had called me and left that message , i would have been more impressed . 
 it is a function , perhaps , of the television age : nothing is abnormal any more . 
 i called the bar at la blanca next . 
 my bartender friend was more than happy to inform the rest of ortega 's `` friends and family '' of the gathering . 
 i knew esperanza and alain vigneault would be in at some point in the next few hours , and the bartender promised to make sure they were on hand . 
 `` let me guess : it was the frenchman , '' he said . 
 `` i knew that guy was up to no good . 
 you know he 's been taking golf lessons for three months now , and i 've yet to see him play a round ? 
 and he is bad . 
 i mean , really bad . 
 who takes that many lessons and does n't get better , yet hangs around at a golf course ? '' 
 that fit , though i was n't going to explain why to him . 
 `` all will be revealed ... especially if you put me down for some complimentary beverages , '' i told him . 
 he laughed . 
 `` you tip okay , señor , but not that well . '' 
 sam gamboa , on the other hand , was truly annoyed by my call . 
 `` twenty seven hours ' notice , max ? 
 really ? 
 do you know how much this plane ticket is going to cost ? 
 and i have to get my editor to clear this man . 
 i need to know what 's going on . 
 now . '' 
 she never gave up . 
 i said , `` i 'll see you tomorrow night , sam . '' 
 she pressed . 
 `` max , i have to give my editor something better than ` my friend has a hunch on a case he wo n't tell me about . ' 
 they 're not going to reimburse my ticket unless i come back with something really , really good . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` once again , your attempt to burrow information out of me is absolutely admirable , samantha . 
 you do your profession proud . 
 if you do not show up at la blanca clubhouse at eight o’clock , however , you 're going to miss a hell of a story . '' 
 and then i hung up . 
 i dialed my police friend next and , after explaining to his division receptionist that i needed to talk to him absolutely right now , nicky garcia was equally unenthused . 
 `` you 're going to make the department look bad again , are n't you maxi ? 
 you know i already had lots of fun explaining to the motor pool why i had an enormous dent in the rear driver 's side of my car , but no arrest to go with it . 
 can you imagine how happy my captain was when he saw your name in the accident report ? 
 there was actually some discussion about whether i should have pretended to not see you . '' 
 `` did you tell them they were going to have the honor of fixing one of the dents that led to you collaring the ortega murderer ? '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` just stop , man . 
 stop getting involved in police business , max . '' 
 `` nicky , i 'm going to buy you a steak after this one . 
 and tomorrow night , i 'll be sure to point out the able assistance you 've rendered in ensuring the case was solved , along with giving you my case file , which i 'm typing up any minute . 
 now , it is true that it has been nearly a month since anthony ortega had his head caved in with a nine-iron and , in three weeks of investigating , i have n't bumped into a single one of your guys ... '' i heard a deep sigh on the other end of the line . 
 `` yeah , you 're going to make us look bad again . '' 
 the last call was to the diocese . 
 andy sounded equally skeptical . 
 `` already ? 
 max you 've only been on this thing for a few weeks ? 
 and you 've got the evidence you need to lock down charges against someone ? '' 
 `` do n't be such a cynic , andy . 
 i think you guys are going to be surprised . '' 
 he sounded deflated . 
 `` fulgencio sanchez ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` if i tell you now it takes all the fun out of it , '' i said . 
 `` just make sure you are both here by eight o’clock . '' 
 after emailing him the picture of tom dauphin and soliciting a promise of attendance , i headed back to the club . 
 the front gate guard was becoming so accustomed to me -- and had so thoroughly assumed i was a friend of sanchez -- that he fairly saluted now when i arrived . 
 for effect , i tipped him five euros then pulled my vespa through the gate and up the main driveway to the course . 
 it was after eight now , and the pro shop was locked for the evening . 
 dominic met me right on time ; i 'd called him ahead , and he 'd been more than willing to help me with my little task , hobbling over to meet me on the sidewalk , his knee bandaged and his left side leaning on a crutch . 
 but now he was having some second thoughts . 
 `` you sure you need to do this ? 
 i can use my swipe card to get us in through the interior door to the main building , but it will still show up on their security log . 
 i could still get caught ... . '' 
 i clamped him on the shoulder . 
 `` my friend , if i find what i expect to find , you will have helped catch a killer . '' 
 we headed to the pro shop 's back door , just off a downstairs corridor on the clubhouse lower level . 
 dominic swiped his security card and the door clicked open . 
 `` there are security cameras inside , max , so whatever this is , you 're going to have to be able to explain it later , '' he said . 
 i winked and have him thumbs up . 
 `` no problem . 
 give me five minutes . '' 
 i 'd brought a high-powered flashlight , rather than turn on the interior lights and arouse interest from outside . 
 i carefully made my way between the racks of golf shirts and displays of equipment , over to the front counter area . 
 it did n't take long to find what i needed . 
 a few minutes later , i was back outside and we cautiously left the building . 
 dominic looked worried . 
 `` seriously max , i want to thank you for not turning me in over the watch . 
 but i still need my job here . 
 i 'm going to school in the fall . 
 tuition is expensive , and besides , i do n't know if they 'll let me in if i 'm facing burglary charges . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 do n't worry , '' i said , as we both made for separate ends of the parking lot , dominic hobbling along on his sprained knee . 
 `` you 'll do well in school , my young friend . 
 and hey : tell everyone about tomorrow night , okay ? '' 
 the more the merrier , i figured . 
 i stopped at ovidio alonso 's restaurant before heading home . 
 i wanted to deliver his invite in person . 
 it had taken me a while to remember where i knew his restaurant 's name from , but caridad 's mention of my old bookie friend greasy pete earlier in the week had finally resonated in my brain : he 'd worked a book out of the back of the restaurant at one point . 
 alonso was sitting in his office when i knocked . 
 `` it 's open , '' he said . 
 the elderly businessman nodded in my direction . 
 `` señor alonso , '' i said , nodding his way . 
 he saw the serious look on my face . 
 `` no doubt señor you have come to tell me that you have discovered my terrible secret , '' he said dryly . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` your gambling debts are not my issue , señor alonso . 
 indeed , i have had a few of my own . 
 but i understand you have contacts in that regard that could be helpful . 
 can you check something for me then perhaps come around to the golf club tomorrow night at eight ? 
 he smiled and nodded slowly . 
 `` i get the sense , señor , that you have come to some important conclusions . '' 
 i nodded again . 
 `` there 's a certain logical progression to all things in life , señor , even figuring out who fit the profile of a murderer best . 
 i must admit , your initial deception with respect to the restaurant 's health did not help me , but eventually , things came into focus . '' 
 back at the boat , i had about two hundred pages of financial information to sift through . 
 it had taken me a while to see the pattern , but that was n't surprising ; outside of the fact that everyone in town seemed to have both a personal and financial reason to want tony ortega dead , there were the mechanics of the crime itself to consider , the location , the timing . 
 narrowing it down had not been easy , and if the killer had not made a few foolish mistakes , i would have still been lost to this day . 
 and there was also a secondary consideration , the local presence of an outside influence : alain vigneault 's gangster friend from perpignan . 
 it had seemed unlikely that the timing was accidental , and yet i saw nothing to suggest his presence was connected to ortega . 
 in fact , if my hunch was correct , focusing on tomas had pulled me in the wrong direction all along , even though he was doubtless hunting for some of the same answers as i. vigneault was definitely a liar , though his `` true love , '' señora ortega seemed not to notice -- or did n't care to say . 
 like ovidio alonso , she had also hidden the truth at first . 
 in fact , even dominic , the helpful young caddy , had lied initially , neglecting to mention his affair with esperanza . 
 there was also hilario miguel . 
 it would have been too neat for the businessman to have been killed in the same manner as his partner , or even around the same time . 
 instead , he 'd gotten himself shot in his office somehow , just minutes after talking to me . 
 that in and of itself had opened up the suspect list considerably , well beyond the list for just ortega 's murder . 
 i went through the new searches , the titles on properties passed to the church . 
 the company names were all familiar , the initial transfers from ortega 's firms were all there , the sell-ons . 
 i matched the values in the title documents against those in the church 's record , just to check . 
 useche and mendoza had both , on occasion , made a note in the margins of the documents in small hand script , here or there . 
 it struck me just about then that just perhaps that there might be one more piece of evidence left , one more piece that wrapped everyone up together in a neat package . 
 the padre 's copy of the photograph was still in the small silver frame , sitting on my desk after returning from seville , and i stared at it for a moment . 
 everyone in it seemed so happy , especially little hilario , looking over innocently at his local priest , with no idea how they 'd all be tied together later on , in deadly fashion . 
 of everyone involved in this , he was the one i felt most sorry for , the only one without a darker side . 
 even if anthony ortega was a monster , i owed it to hilario to expose the killer , and was still dreading talking to his widow , seeing that look of loss in her eyes and being unable to offer a solution , unable to offer an answer that she could pass on to her child when he asks why his father is gone . 
 i flipped the frame over , the writing in the margins of the financial papers reminding me of my father 's pencil scratchings on the backs of family holiday prints , from back in the days before digital cameras . 
 the frame 's back was fastened simply with two small clips , and i removed it . 
 sure enough , there was old pencil handwriting on the back of the print . 
 and just like that , i had the final piece of the puzzle . 
 **** chapter 10 the final day of the anthony ortega murder investigation began late . 
 after working on my report until the wee hours of the morning , i was then kept awake for a further two hours by my british slip neighbors . 
 they had just returned from ibiza , and they had brought the party with them , the echo of bass tubs thumping through la casilda . 
 i am reluctant to use the term `` lager louts . '' 
 it is markedly unfair , as the british contribute much to local tourism , and partying and drinking is less of an issue than in the past . 
 but benidorm is what it is : a holiday town . 
 and my slip neighbors were on holiday . 
 besides , anytime they have invited me over for a cold one , i have found them to be boisterous fun . 
 the perpetually scamming , perpetually irritated local businessmen could learn from them . 
 finally , around four in the morning , i passed out ; i slept for eight straight hours , avoiding any bizarre theological dreams , waking when my phone rang and caridad reminded me in no uncertain terms that i had promised her breakfast . 
 `` ay coño , max ! 
 you were supposed to call me at ten . '' 
 i was bleary still . 
 `` cari ! 
 hey ... what time is it ? '' 
 `` noon , goddamnit ! 
 get over here ! '' 
 i packed up the report in the old attaché case i 'd inherited from my uncle pasquale and headed out into the sun . 
 the strip was alive with foot and car traffic , and it took me nearly ten minutes to hoof it over to caridad 's . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 she said , dressed in a sleeveless sun shirt and sipping on an orange juice . 
 `` you are never on time , max . 
 i swear , i 'm getting you an alarm clock for christmas . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` i was busy . '' 
 she squinted . 
 `` i know that look . '' 
 i nodded , grinning . 
 `` it took a hell of a bit of figuring , but yeah . '' 
 `` so is your client the bishop going to be happy ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , cari . 
 i do n't know . 
 but he 's getting his money 's worth , that 's for damn sure . 
 me ? 
 i just want to be able to tell hilario 's wife what happened to him . '' 
 to my right , an abnormally young patron was sitting at one of the bar stool sipping a lemonade through a straw . 
 he was at the bottom and had taken up every drop the straw would allow , but nevertheless was turning an exercise in futile suction into a noisy distraction . 
 `` ay , dios ... caridad , give this kid another lemonade , okay ? 
 it 's on me . 
 anything to end that racket . '' 
 she poured another one in a new paper cup and pushed it across the counter . 
 the kid looked at me expectantly . 
 `` go , kid . 
 take it . 
 go play in the sand . '' 
 after he 'd given us some peace , caridad leaned on the counter . 
 `` were you right ? 
 did you ` follow the money , ' max ? '' 
 i gave her another nod . 
 `` it 's never a good thing , a man 's death . 
 but hilario deserved better . 
 ortega did n't . 
 but that 's not really our choice to make , is it ? 
 life is a mystery . '' 
 she shrugged and pointed up . 
 `` you know where i stand on that , max . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` sure , kid . 
 are you going to come to the big unveiling tonight ? '' 
 caridad shook her head once more . 
 `` i do n't get it , max . 
 why the big show ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i like to work a crowd . 
 plus , it keeps everyone where i can see them . 
 important if i 'm going to have nicky garcia arrest the guilty party . '' 
 i pointed across the boulevard . 
 `` come on ; let 's go get breakfast somewhere else for a change . '' 
 we talked as we walked . 
 `` what are you going to do once this one is over , max ? '' 
 i looked down momentarily , watching her small , sandaled feet move across the sidewalk . 
 `` vacation , cari . 
 technically , i 'm still on vacation . 
 after that ? 
 i dunno . '' 
 `` i 'm up for a little time off myself , you know , '' cari noted . 
 `` i 'm not sure what i 'll do . '' 
 she turned towards me . 
 `` maybe we can kill a little vacation time together ? '' 
 i was n't really paying attention , noting that the sun was beating down with particular ferocity . 
 it was a day for people to sweat a little , to feel a little extra heat . 
 after breakfast i left caridad at her stand and walked the short distance back to la casilda . 
 a familiar duo was once again standing on the deck . 
 this time , i spotted them as soon as i got off my vespa , and kept a safe distance on the dock . 
 `` oh come on , padre , do n't make us chase you , '' said tomas dauphin . 
 the gorilla , agostinho , was a foot behind him as always . 
 `` actually gentlemen , this time i think i 'll stay on dry land . '' 
 tomas laughed and nodded . 
 `` you know , for some reason , i ... ... . '' 
 the blast shattered the air , the explosion catastrophic , tearing the boat to shreds instantly in an orange ball of flame that filled my vision and blew me backwards off my feet , the ground around me hailed with wood and debris . 
 i shook my head , my ears ringing momentarily as i tried to get focus , the ground feeling like it was vibrating . 
 `` max ! 
 maaaax ! '' 
 caridad must have followed me , and now she was sprinting over to me . 
 she was holding something ... `` you ... '' she looked at the flaming remains of my houseboat , her mouth hanging open as the smoke and heat cut a haze across the scene . 
 `` ... you forgot your briefcase . '' 
 tomas and agostinho , of course , had n't had a chance . 
 by the time the emergency crew had finished clearing things up two hours later , they 'd recovered some of both men . 
 we sat to the side , sipping coffee from across the street laced with brandy . 
 caridad kept shaking her head . 
 i 'd already told her about the two goons . 
 `` max , i 'm so sorry amigo , really . 
 i know how much you loved that boat . '' 
 she was right . 
 la casilda had been elementary to my newfound freedom . 
 `` she was a good boat , cari , a good home . '' 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 i was n't going to wait for caridad to offer a place to stay . 
 her tiny studio apartment was hardly large enough for one . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 probably stay with one of my brothers while i figure out who blew up my boat . '' 
 a male voice intruded . 
 `` you know max , for a guy who has the case all figured out , you were almost doing a really good impression of charcoal today . '' 
 garcia had walked up quietly behind us as we watched the crew work . 
 `` seriously , nicky . 
 my boat ! 
 they killed my boat ! '' 
 charred debris bobbed mournfully in the port 's dark water to illustrate the point . 
 my cooler was bobbing there , too , like an orange blotch of optimism amidst a tide of dismay . 
 he shot me a serious look . 
 `` i 'm going to need you to file a statement at the station , maxi , '' he said , before shooting another glance at the wreckage scene and shaking his head slowly . 
 `` they tell me there were two bodies recovered ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` a pair of heavies , one a local guy , agostinho alto , the other from perpignan , tomas dauphin . 
 same guys you scared off the other day . 
 they 'd been blackmailing that frenchman . 
 i think they were running some kind of grift . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` and as usual this is the first i 'm hearing of the details . 
 was the timing fortunate or not , then ? '' 
 i shrugged and thought about it . 
 `` i 'd have to say a bit of both . 
 fortunate for me , as i 'm pretty sure they were going to clip me . 
 unfortunate for them . 
 and for my boat . '' 
 nicky nodded thoughtfully at that , but i could a have sworn i detected a repressed smile . 
 `` you know , as painful as this is , it 's probably karma for a reprobate gambler like you , max . '' 
 caridad watched him leave . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i nodded towards the mess . 
 `` used to be his boat . '' 
 `` how ... ? '' 
 `` lost it to me in a poker game . '' 
 caridad nodded . 
 `` ahh ... '' naturally , by the time of my announcement at la blanca golf and country club , i was in an ill mood . 
 my earlier elation had been swept away as surely as the few meager possessions i 'd had on board my boat . 
 now i faced the prospect of finding somewhere to live , as well as having to replace all my personal documents . 
 and i had to somehow keep remigio herminio from declaring me effectively evicted and renting or selling my `` life-lease '' slip at the port to another client . 
 after the explosion , i 'd headed over to see nicky at the station and filled him in on the rest of what i knew about tomas dauphin . 
 he did not believe me , but i promised it would make sense after the evening 's presentation , and had him promise to do me one more favor . 
 consequently , he was one of the few people involved in the investigation not waiting , with growing impatience , in the clubhouse bar , which had never been busier -- although i recognized two of his men in plain clothes . 
 esperanza ortega and alain vigneault were at their customary corner table , while the caddies were gathered together in a small , nervous group against the back wall . 
 nicky had left a detective near each door , though i doubt they were fooling fulgencio sanchez and his bodyguard vincent . 
 they were at his customary table towards the center of the patio , which had been shuttered to the outdoors for the night . 
 ovidio alonso and a pair of older friends were at the bar . 
 on the other side of the bar from alonso , samantha gamboa was sitting next to a stocky young man who had a camera sitting on the counter in front of them , probably her photographer . 
 andy mendoza and edgar useche were last to arrive -- with the former in full formal dress -- and i met them at the door . 
 `` are you quite sure about this , maxi ? '' 
 the bishop whispered . 
 `` we have been talking . 
 what if you name the wrong suspect ? 
 there could be considerable embarrassment for the church . 
 i wish you had come by my office to discuss any findings with me before announcing them . '' 
 i directed them to a table near the front of the room that i 'd reserved for them . 
 `` there will not be a problem , gentlemen . 
 just give me a few minutes of your patience . '' 
 nicky garcia entered the room from the far side door and waved at me , nodding the affirmative . 
 he closed the door behind him and stood in front of it , while the detective near the main entrance did the same . 
 the room was filled by a low murmur of voices as i prepared to address them . 
 finally , sanchez 's impatience kicked in . 
 `` come on , padre , get to it . 
 we have plans for the rest of the evening . '' 
 i held up both hands in apology . 
 `` my apologies , my apologies , everyone . '' 
 the room went quiet , and i began to pace . 
 `` ladies and gentlemen , you are most kind for being so patient . 
 indeed , some of you have been particularly helpful to me and i have been particularly intrusive over the last two weeks . 
 for that , i apologize . 
 `` as some of you know , i was hired by the diocese to investigate the murder of its leading financial supporter , mr. anthony ortega , who was found buried in a bunker on the fifteenth hole , here at la blanca . 
 on the face of it , mr. ortega was a loving family man and dedicated church-goer of some thirty years , growing up in gandia and being well-known to many here as well . '' 
 i paused momentarily and scanned the room . 
 `` but we all know now that this was not the case . 
 `` in fact , señor ortega made many , many enemies , through corrupt business practices , gangster tactics , and blackmail . 
 i would wager that every person in this room -- myself and the police excepted -- had at least one reason to want anthony ortega dead . 
 he was loved , really , by no one . 
 `` initially , i felt that this complicated matters , as it is usually the passions in a man 's life that indicated how he lived , and how he died . 
 but inevitably , it caused me to look for reasons other than personal enmity for his demise , which was essential . '' 
 i stopped at the bar and took a sip of a glass of water before continuing . 
 `` some parties felt it was possible that rumors of señora ortega 's infidelity might implicate her in her husband 's murder . '' 
 i looked at esperanza ; she was nervous , feeling the eyes of the room on her . 
 `` but this was clearly not the case . '' 
 she relaxed a little . 
 `` in fact , witnesses saw and heard señora ortega being abused by señor ortega and , by her own admission she took several lovers due to her broken marriage . 
 she had reason to want him dead , including the prospect of inheriting much of his fortune , which is estimated to be in the tens of millions of euros . 
 `` but señora ortega is tiny ; the victim weighed at least one hundred and eighty kilograms , while standing nearly six feet tall . 
 as the police found at the scene , the head of the club was buried in the top of her husband 's skull , a downward motion impossible for someone substantially shorter than the victim . 
 the killer also required enough strength to fracture the skull of grown man with such force that it killed him . '' 
 i continued to pace the room , feeling their anticipation . 
 `` of course , she could have had help . 
 but one would assume that would have to be in the form of her beau , alain vigneault ; for reasons we shall explain shortly , vigneault has never actually played a round at la blanca and would not have gone out with ortega for the deadly round without interfering with other plans . '' 
 nicky chimed in . 
 `` so you contend he was killed while actually playing golf ? 
 but ... '' i waved him off . 
 `` i will explain , my friend , patience ! '' 
 i took another sip of water , watching the strained look on the faces around the room . 
 then i went back to pacing . 
 `` since day one , all sorts of people seemed to want me to consider fulgencio sanchez , as well , and there are plenty of reasons why . 
 señor sanchez has established a. . . 
 notorious reputation within the community , as the newspapers are fond of noting -- although as we all have seen , his short game could use some work . 
 as we will learn shortly , señor sanchez has had reason to dislike ortega for a long time . 
 but there were two problems with this . 
 first , señor sanchez is reputedly a dangerous man ... . '' 
 sanchez spread his hands wide and tilted his head as if slightly embarrassed . 
 `` eh ... '' he offered . 
 `` ... and a dangerous man does not implicate himself by planting the victim in a shallow grave in a golf course bunker . 
 he takes the person offshore with lead weights . 
 or he incinerates the body . '' 
 sanchez and his gangland associates were nodding to each other approvingly , and i stifled the urge to roll my eyes . 
 `` or he buries it out in the country somewhere . 
 no , it did not seem professional . 
 secondly , sanchez had recently rid himself of a burdensome secret , eliminating any hold ortega had over him . 
 we will address that in a moment . 
 `` consequently , sanchez does not seem a likely suspect . 
 but he was hardly the only person to have had a business dispute with ortega . 
 we also had to consider ovidio alonso , the ortegas ' neighbor . 
 though señor alonso is fond of reminding people he is one of the city 's original tourist businessmen , he initially withheld from me that he owed one of ortega 's companies more than a million euros . 
 additionally , he frequently overheard señor ortega abuse and threaten his wife . '' 
 alonso looked around the room quickly , and his elderly cronies eyed him suspiciously . 
 he shot them back a look . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said defiantly . 
 `` mind your business ! '' 
 `` again , it 's worth noting that señor alonso is just five feet five inches tall , and while i 've heard his short game also could use to work , he did not kill anyone with an errant nine iron . 
 señor alonso works the same hours as his staff ; i have established when señor ortega was killed -- i 'll get to that in a minute -- and on the night in question , señor alonso was in his office at his restaurant . 
 `` alonso was not , however , the only person who heard señor ortega mistreat his wife . '' 
 i walked over to the side table , where dominic , sergio and a handful of other caddies were lolling about , taking it in . 
 `` in fact you , dominic , had double the reason to be angry . 
 `` dominic leaned forward on the tabletop and looked down . 
 `` i am sure your teenage friends would be most ashamed of you if they knew that you were having marital relationships with an older woman , '' i said , giving him a quick wink . 
 the caddy stifled a grin and buried his `` shame '' in his hands for a moment . 
 `` however , for reasons we will discuss in due course , dominic would need an accomplice , someone with a reason to help a murderer cover his tracks . 
 and this he lacks . 
 additionally , a brief affair two years ago does not generally provide sufficient motive for murder -- at least not without substantial evidence of obsession as well . 
 `` then there is the late hilario miguel , señor ortega 's colleague , tragically slain because of what he knew about this case . 
 yes : miguel 's murder was tied directly to ortega 's ... though each crime had a different perpetrator . 
 it was noted to me by several people that hilario was effectively under his partner 's thumb . 
 he himself admitted that there were times when he wished he could have killed ortega . 
 but miguel did not kill his former partner : in fact , he was absolutely financially dependent upon señor ortega 's assistance and without his support , faced imminent bankruptcy . '' 
 `` and finally , we come to monsieur vigneault , a most puzzling addition to this motley cast . '' 
 vigneault 's eyes scanned the room as others quickly turned to look at him . 
 he tossed back the remainder of his scotch and soda nervously . 
 señora ortega placed a reassuring hand on top of his , then leaned over and pecked him on the cheek . 
 i continued . 
 `` in some respects , m. vigneault is an unfortunate man , though it is by the weight of his own decisions . 
 he has not been honest with anyone here , '' i said , turning to esperanza , `` particularly you , señora . '' 
 vigneault motioned to intercede . 
 `` i can not believe ... ! '' 
 i waved my hand at him a few times quickly , motioning him to sit down . 
 `` m. vigneault , your life is an open book . 
 por favor , do not embarrass yourself with denials . 
 sit down . 
 i am not going to crucify you . 
 well ... not exactly . '' 
 i paced . 
 `` he is fond of reminding everyone here that he can not play golf ; but at his home course in perpignan , vigneault used to be a teaching professional . 
 i noticed as soon as i arrived at la blanca that he had a much darker tan and calluses on his left hand , a mark of an avid golfer who wears a golf glove much of the time on his right hand . 
 `` a friend with contacts in his home province informed me of m. vigneault 's background . 
 he is a gambler , and in this circumstance was beholden to a pair of criminals , the dauphin brothers . '' 
 i glanced quickly at vigneault and held the look for a moment . 
 he was ashen now , and esperanza was eyeing him sternly . 
 `` in fact , he owed them so much money that tomas dauphin arranged to use him . 
 for the last few months , he had been working a hustle , demonstrating himself to be utterly inept at the sport , even taking lessons in full view of the regular members . 
 his target was the one golfer here who was both desperate enough for a win , inept enough to believably lose to a `` beginner , '' and wealthy enough to take to the cleaners : fulgencio sanchez . '' 
 now vigneault had gone white , and sanchez was staring across the room with daggers in his eyes , nodding . 
 the gangster motioned in vigneault 's direction before speaking . 
 `` he has been telling others of his growing confidence from his lessons , of how he is ` almost ready ' to get in some money games , the bastard . '' 
 he shook his head slowly as he said it . 
 it was probably occurring to everyone in the room right now that alain vigneault 's life expectancy had just declined significantly , so i interjected . 
 `` it is worth noting , señor sanchez , that he was being blackmailed into this . 
 in fact , until tomas dauphin was efficiently dispatched on my houseboat this morning -- as was the houseboat itself -- vigneault was under his thumb . 
 given what i believe to be genuine affection for señora ortega , i do not think he would have dared take you on without being threatened . 
 `` one might wonder why it has taken so many months for m. vigneault to run his con . 
 simple : shortly after arriving in benidorm , he heard a rumor that he thought might be just as lucrative , and he passed that rumor on to tomas dauphin , thinking it could get him out of the con . 
 he was wrong , of course , and the dauphin brothers doubtless noted to him that the self-same rumor was already around town . 
 `` that rumor cost hilario miguel his life . 
 he was shot by dauphin shortly after i spoke with him , as the gangster looked for evidence to confirm that fulgencio sanchez is gay . '' 
 a murmur shot around the room . 
 `` though many of us like to think we are more enlightened , this fact could be a considerable potential hazard in the criminal underworld -- of which , i am sure he will remind us , he knows nothing . '' 
 the room went silent for a moment as people waited for his angry denial . 
 but sanchez was getting older , his wealth secured , his temper and ruthlessness legendary . 
 perhaps he had just decided that he had hidden too long , for instead of a loud rebuke , he merely reached up to his shoulder once again to clasps vincent 's hand , and to give it a reassuring shake . 
 whispers continued to fly around the room , and i motioned for calm . 
 `` of course , in this day and age , it is no longer such a big deal for someone to `` come out , '' as they say . 
 but when señor sanchez was establishing himself in the underworld ? 
 such a secret would have cost him his life . 
 `` indeed , this secret is essential to the entire case , and it is why , as i say , hilario miguel was shot . 
 dauphin believed that it could be used to muscle in on sanchez 's local operations . '' 
 i turned to nicky garcia . 
 `` if you have your men retrieve a bullet that dauphin fired into the wall of the parish office in gandia , you will find it was fired by the same gun used to kill miguel . 
 the photo taken from miguel 's office led dauphin to the parish priest there , as it did for me , after hilario told him that the priest was an important figure in fulgencio 's life . '' 
 now my target was getting anxious , shifting in place , perhaps aware that this was really going to come out . 
 `` the picture was taken many years ago , and featured former gandia parish priest ramon arguello with three of his altar boys . 
 the first boy in the picture is hilario miguel ; i had assumed the middle boy was anthony ortega , as it fit the context and he appeared somewhat similar . 
 and the last boy in the picture was fulgencio sanchez . '' 
 the murmurs started again . 
 `` what miguel knew is that sanchez 's first love -- and he confirmed this to me himself , from his rest home -- was padre arguello . 
 in fact , when it eventually became known to church officials , they hushed the matter up by moving padre arguello out of town . 
 though sanchez was by this time technically of legal age , a gay relationship between a priest and a young man -- particularly one who has previously been an altar boy -- does not look good now , let alone thirty years ago . 
 back then , there were areas in franco 's spain where such behavior could lead to people simply disappearing . '' 
 now sanchez was beginning to look uncomfortable , and he interjected . 
 `` get to the point , padre . 
 do we need to revisit all of this old history ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` unfortunately , we do señor . '' 
 i stopped at the bar again and took another sip of water . 
 `` and i must say i apologize for opening old wounds . '' 
 the haunted , lonely look in the old priest 's eyes still hung with me . 
 `` in any event , this relationship became known to the late anthony ortega , who was indeed also an altar boy in gandia at the same time as sanchez , and it became a pivotal moment in his life . 
 hilario miguel once told me that he could not understand how ortega had been able to rise so rapidly in the real estate business ; the answer lies in his long-time land dealings with the diocese . '' 
 now andy mendoza looked nervous . 
 `` max , where is this going ? '' 
 `` do n't worry andy , i 'm quite aware that you neither golf , nor kill gangsters , '' i said , pacing back across the room . 
 `` in fact , at the time of the scandal , padre arguello noted , sanchez was accused by some at the diocese of a theft . 
 it is my belief that this theft funded ortega 's first land buy . 
 but he still needed to apply the screws to the church in order to ensure it would purchase the land from him . '' 
 i stood still for a moment . 
 now , the room was attentive . 
 `` to this end , he arranged the land deal through a bright young diocese staffer , an ambitious and easily manipulated young man whom he knew from his home town , and who had also been an altar boy . 
 someone who could see the financial gains possible from ortega 's larger plan , '' i said , turning to the bishop 's table . 
 mendoza looked stunned . 
 `` no , andy , not you . 
 your cfo , edgar useche , was the other boy in that picture , not anthony ortega . 
 in fact , he killed ortega by burying a nine-iron in his head . '' 
 useche was to his feet almost as quickly as the gasp shot around the room . 
 `` that is outrageous ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` how dare you , señor ! '' 
 nicky garcia had already moved behind useche and he gently put a hand on each of his shoulders . 
 `` down , '' he said , lowering useche back into his seat . 
 `` maxi ? '' 
 `` i realized something was wrong when examining the holding companies . 
 for years , ortega had been donating land to the alicante diocese , only to see each piece of property resold by the church almost immediately . 
 `` each of those transactions involved another holding company , and in each case , that firm was also owned by ortega . 
 and each deal was rock-bottom . 
 the church gave away twelve million euros in land for two million . 
 and most of it was given back to ortega . '' 
 nicky garcia was still keeping an eye on useche , but sam gamboa spoke up from behind the bar . 
 `` so ortega cut a deal with useche to `` flip '' land through the diocese ? '' 
 `` exactly . 
 as hilario miguel and his other business associates have clarified , ortega essentially muscled people out of property . 
 he then used the church to `` launder '' the land . 
 useche got a small fee for each , and the church still made millions of dollars -- albeit a fraction of the wealth such `` donations '' should have elicited . 
 `` initially , useche probably only agreed because he was worried ortega would go public about ramon arguello . 
 but eventually , he set up his own holding company , so that he could take a brokerage fee off each deal , as well . 
 `` last month useche learned -- as ortega already had -- that sanchez was `` coming out , '' or at the very least , no longer denying his true self , that he was sick of clamping down on rumors . 
 ortega tried to turn the tables on the church one more time , by blackmailing useche with his knowledge of padre arguello and of his skimming from the land deals for personal gain . '' 
 i nodded at useche . 
 `` you faced great personal embarrassment , an end to your gravy train . 
 and you knew that ortega had named the church as a major beneficiary . '' 
 useche tilted his head back arrogantly . 
 `` of course , you have no proof of any of this nonsense . '' 
 i shrugged again . 
 `` on the contrary . 
 aside from your involvement in all of the land transactions , there is the evidence from the crime scene itself . '' 
 nicky interjected . 
 `` now maxi , you know there was no dna on the weapon other than ortega 's . 
 there was some blood spatter in the nearby woods , indicating that 's where he was killed , and the nine-iron , but there were no prints or material . 
 that 's it . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , but what about that , inspector ? 
 ortega weighed at least one-hundred-and-eighty kilograms and the woods are forty meters away . 
 there is no way señor useche could have moved him on his own . '' 
 i turned towards the caddies ' table . 
 `` but then i was talking with an associate , a beach bum of sorts named domingo who hangs out at a local bar and who was lecturing me on another matter . 
 we all need `` someone to help carry the load , '' he 'd said . 
 and that 's when it struck me that ortega must have been killed by two men . 
 it reminded me of your son , señor useche . 
 in fact , with the help of your son ... . '' 
 useche sprang to his feet again . 
 `` no ! 
 this is all hearsay . 
 sergio , you do n't say anything . '' 
 sergio looked terrified and had shrunk back against the wall in his booth , the other caddies staring at him . 
 i walked over and stood in front of sergio 's table . 
 `` on the contrary , señor , your son ties both himself and you to the crime . 
 when dominic turned in ortega 's watch , it occurred to me that there was no reason why the forensics people would have ignored it as evidence . 
 additionally , there is no watch listed at the scene in the police report . 
 that meant it had to be taken off ortega by the killer or an accomplice , before the body was removed from the scene . '' 
 garcia chimed in . 
 `` maybe ortega just left it on the counter himself , by mistake ? '' 
 `` perhaps . 
 but sergio would have had to have altered the paper record the course keeps as backup , as well , to eliminate any trace of their threesome . 
 that would have meant standing at the counter for at least a minute or so . 
 so what do you think , sergio ? 
 if we pull the security tapes for saturday night three weeks ago , will we see you leave that watch on the counter ? '' 
 he said nothing , but looked down at his hands disconsolately . 
 i paced over to his father 's table . 
 `` i thought so . 
 additionally , there are two other factors . 
 when your son tore the final page of that day 's bookings from the backup paper record , he neglected to consider that the entries were made in pen . 
 before we came in tonight , insp. garcia checked the paper backup in the clubhouse , and a page was , indeed , missing . 
 i confirmed this myself the other night . 
 unfortunately for you , señor useche , ballpoint pen leaves quite a significant imprint upon the next page . '' 
 nicky held up the next page , which had been shaded with pencil . 
 the barest remainder of an entry could be read , in sergio 's scrawling handwriting , confirming the tee time . 
 bishop mendoza had had enough , and appeared ready to lose his temper , standing abruptly and casting a long , cold stare at his former right-hand man . 
 `` edgar , for the love of ... how could you do this ? '' 
 useche was silent , with his eyes flitting around the room as he looked for a way out , an explanation that someone would buy . 
 i sat on the edge of his table . 
 `` you realize , señor , that between the booking times , your financial irregularities , and his possession of the victim 's watch , the police have your son as a prime murder suspect at the very least . '' 
 finally , useche slumped and looked down , crestfallen . 
 `` no . 
 no , he would not have been involved had i not demanded it . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair , exhausted . 
 `` he would never be involved in something like this if i did not demand it . '' 
 he held his head in his hands . 
 `` it all started so long ago . 
 it was n't like i had a choice when it started . 
 it was n't like ortega would take no for an answer . '' 
 useche was crying a little now . 
 `` it was n't just the damage to the church 's reputation , or the possibility of making money : he was a dangerous man , who would hire thugs to do his work for him . 
 `` i ... . 
 i knew his one soft spot , still , was the church itself . 
 that he would meet me in private if i feigned considerable embarrassment . 
 and so i arranged for us to go out on the last tee time of the day , on a day when my son was working a late shift on the front counter . 
 i told myself i would talk tony out of it somehow , just find a way to walk away clean . 
 `` and then there we were , all those years later , all those bad deals later , and he 's standing in the trees , about to try and chip out his ball , just three of us , playing evening golf like a group of friends . 
 and he looks at me and says he is having a change of heart . 
 he is thinking about our future together in business and how much of a future we can still have together . '' 
 useche looked at his son , across the room . 
 `` and then he says he knows i 'll do what is best for my family . '' 
 as the police led edgar useche and his son sergio away , squad car lights illuminated the front of the clubhouse . 
 the locals milled around outside the bar and sat on the ornate front steps . 
 señora ortega and vigneault were there , still together , but looking distant from one another . 
 vigneault motioned to me . 
 `` señor castillo . 
 i understand tomas dauphin is no longer with us . 
 you are going to have to keep your head down , my friend . 
 his brother is ... well , he is not well . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it is good to know your problems have so thoroughly become my problems , m. vigneault . 
 and all without you even hiring me . 
 fortunately , señor useche has already confessed to the other two deaths , as well . 
 apparently , the bomb was a last desperate attempt to destroy any evidence i might have gathered . '' 
 he blushed a little then turned to his lover . 
 `` i am sorry , really . 
 i did not mean for this to embarrass anyone ... especially you , esperanza . '' 
 it was clear from her icy demeanor that she was n't sure what to believe . 
 meanwhile , sanchez and vincent were heading home as well . 
 `` well , padre , i have a number of reasons to be upset with you now . 
 and yet , the whole night was liberating . 
 vincent and i were already at that point where we did n't want to hide anymore . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` that is good to hear . 
 look , do me a favor , will you ? '' 
 he looked inquisitive . 
 `` careful what you wish for , padre . '' 
 i motioned towards vigneault and esperanza , now a few feet away , talking to dominic . 
 `` give the frenchman a break , okay ? 
 he would not have run a golf con on you if he did n't have tomas dauphin 's nine millimeter aimed at him occasionally , keeping him in line . '' 
 he squinted a little and thought about it . 
 `` i suppose i can just have a quiet word with him instead , '' said sanchez . 
 `` no harm no foul , eh ? '' 
 i headed to the parking lot and pulled the small vespa out of the driveway , on the main road to town . 
 the night was still , and a warm breeze blew in from the coast . 
 the traffic was light again tonight , perhaps one small upside to the financial downturn , and i cranked the little scooter 's motor to its peak , making time , heading back home as fast as i could . 
 it was time i had a chance to finally do nothing , and do it damn well . 
 **** epilogue eventually , the police forensics lab would take my advice and would positively compare the bullet recovered from hilario with the one that tomas dauphin fired into the gandia parish wall . 
 edgar would plead guilty to the second-degree murder of anthony ortega , and a deal would be worked out to ensure that his seventeen-year-old son would not be overly punished for helping cover up his father 's crime . 
 sam gamboa got a national scoop out of it , and even managed to play down my involvement , which must have taken some doing . 
 consequently , insp. nicodemo garcia would finally get credit for a big win , for closing a headline-making case , walking out of the local courthouse and down its concrete steps to a throng of media , flashguns popping , questions flying , and nicky looking in his element . 
 but that was all in the future . 
 the day after solving the murder of tony ortega , i found myself where this story began ... except , as i told you at the start of all this , this is not an ideal world . 
 and so , instead of the deck of la casilda , my much-beloved and not forgotten houseboat , last seen sinking in many pieces beneath the balearic sea , i instead was temporarily living on board police boat e321 , which nicky garcia had ensured would be `` on loan '' -- and keeping my slip at the port occupied -- until my insurance had replaced my old home . 
 still , it was n't bad . 
 there was enough space in the cabin for my things and to sleep , and the deck had an optional canopy to provide sun in the peak of the day . 
 and so i lay back and cracked open a beer , intent on finally continuing my vacation , some nifty flamenco playing on the ipod . 
 this , of course , was the cue for an interruption . 
 life is as transient as luck at the card table . 
 `` now , max , you can not possibly expect my client to accept that you are living on a police boat . 
 your lease is for a houseboat , not a police boat . '' 
 remigio herminio was wearing his best light brown polyester suit . 
 i silently scanned around me for a match . 
 `` remigio , you can not possibly be going to church ; even an agnostic such as i would expect you to burst into flames as soon as you crossed the threshold . 
 are you off to steal some child 's trust fund ? '' 
 he shot me a withering look . 
 `` max , max , max ... why do we torment each other this way ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` in my case , i suspect it is my general revulsion that you exist . 
 why is it that whenever i show up at the scene of a murder , it is someone other than you ? 
 if there were truly a god , remigio , do n't you think she would have remedied that little error by now ? '' 
 he pointed at the deck . 
 `` are you going to invite me aboard ? '' 
 `` will you leave immediately if i do not ? '' 
 he thought about it for a moment . 
 `` no . 
 no , i intend on being truly irritating today . 
 i have a couple of different matters we need to discuss . '' 
 i sighed deeply . 
 `` well , if you put that way then ... no . 
 you can talk from there . 
 whatever makes you repulsive and morally bankrupt might be contagious . 
 and stay down wind : you smell of corruption and cheap aftershave . '' 
 herminio sat on the edge of the dock . 
 `` oh come on , max , you know i 'm just doing my job . 
 my client ... . '' 
 `` ... oozes even more slime from every pore than you do . 
 do n't bring santiago into this . 
 i have fingered two killers tonight already and he 'd still be in a character battle with the two of them for most loathsome . 
 what do you want , remigio ? '' 
 `` first , to tell you that the police department picked up your back rent on the slip , which is both impressive and , on a personal basis , marginally frustrating ; second , to once again offer you an opportunity to sign the new lease at the new rate , before ... . . '' 
 `` before you are forced ... '' `` ... . 
 before we are forced ... '' `` to take legal action against me . '' 
 `` ... . 
 to take ... look , max , you 're taking all of the fun out of this . '' 
 he stood up , readying to leave . 
 `` of course , if you were willing to take on a few tasks for my employer , perhaps we could reach some sort of compromise ... in exchange for future rental considerations . 
 a break on your monthly lease for each of these tasks ? '' 
 i put on my sunglasses , retrieved another beer from my cooler and lay back in my deck chair . 
 `` no deal . 
 i would n't work for santiago if my life depended on it . 
 besides ... '' `` yes ? '' 
 `` ... . 
 it 's like i keep telling everyone : i am on vacation . 
 no work , not now , not in the immediate future . '' 
 remigio took his jacket off and rolled up his shirt sleeves . 
 then he slung his jacket over his shoulder , perhaps the most relaxed i had ever seen him . 
 and then he headed down the dock , just giving it a rest for a change . 
 `` vacation ? 
 sure , max , '' he said as he walked away . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll believe that one when i see it last more than , say , twenty-four hours . '' 
 and for once -- just once , mind you -- he was probably right . 
 the end max castillo returns in `` vendetta in valencia , '' available now ! 
 buried in benidorm a max castillo mystery by l.h. thomson for more stories by lh thomson , visit http://www.lhthomson.blogspot.com also by lh thomson : quinn checks in quinn gets his kicks quinn goes west quinn and the vanishing bride quinn gets the blues quinn & the dead man 's daughter quinn slips the noose buried in benidorm vendetta in valencia suicide in salobrena revenge in ronda maximum max : the first three max castillo stories terrible people doing terrible things the antique hunters the process server the rough side 
