 gene search : a collin carter mystery by kathleen steed smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 copyright 2012 kathleen steed all rights reserved this book is dedicated to my family for their encouragement and support . 
 cover illustrated by : christine ticali @ http://darkroaddesigns.com/ unique book cover designs featuring stock model photography by http://storms-stock.deviantart.com/gallery/25645943#/d2v4u6u chapter 1 collin was sitting in the cold and dark again . 
 he was in his car , waiting . 
 mrs. holt had been inside the tiny motel for fifteen minutes . 
 collin ducked down when he saw the chevy camaro park . 
 a nice looking thirty-something exited the car , leaned down to check his hair in the side view mirror , glanced around the parking lot then went inside . 
 it was always the same . 
 these two thought nobody knew their secret . 
 but , dr. holt had guessed and collin was here to confirm , mrs. holt was having an affair . 
 collin waited two more minutes , grabbed his handgun and camera off the seat next to him and quietly got out of his car . 
 he holstered the gun , slung his camera over his neck and snuck up on the motel . 
 he slipped around the side of the building . 
 the balconies faced the back . 
 he hoped to get a glimpse of the two through a sliver of space between the curtain and the wall . 
 ever more slowly he approached . 
 as he peeked through the space between the curtain and the wall he could make out a commotion under the covers of the bed . 
 he raised his camera and took a couple of shots of the blankets even though you could n't see who was beneath . 
 then he was startled by the blankets rising toward the ceiling and falling to the floor . 
 there she was facing the camera . 
 collin could only get shots of the thirty-something 's back but amy holt 's face was clearly visible . 
 and clearly she was enjoying the moment . 
 collin tiptoed back around the side of the building . 
 he took a shot of the camaro with the license plate visible and jumped into his sedan . 
 he had an appointment at holt genetics laboratory -lrb- hgl -rrb- the next day at noon . 
 this time he had the evidence he was being paid to collect . 
 twenty minutes later he opened his townhome door and walked inside . 
 the townhome had two bedrooms and a kitchen dining area that lead into a large living room . 
 it was all on one level . 
 it even had a fenced backyard . 
 collin slid the gun into the drawer of the end table near the couch and locked it . 
 he left the camera on top of the end table with his keys . 
 he was creeping through his living room to the kitchen when lily spoke from the hallway just outside the bedrooms . 
 `` caught ya ! '' 
 `` lily ! 
 you gave me a heart attack . 
 i was trying not to wake you . '' 
 collin carter was a slender man and only five feet six inches tall . 
 his size allowed him to sneak into and around places in his profession as a private investigator . 
 lily post was an inch taller than collin and out weighed him by twenty pounds . 
 her extra weight suited her well . 
 she was curvaceous with a slender waist . 
 `` why were you trying not to wake me ? 
 do n't you want to talk to me ? '' 
 collin opened the refrigerator and took out a beer . 
 he asked lily , `` want one ? '' 
 `` no . 
 answer my question colly . '' 
 collin did n't really like it when she called him that . 
 he said , `` lily , it is two a.m. most people would appreciate not being awakened at two a.m. '' he walked past her to the living room and sat on the couch . 
 she sat down on the chaise opposite him . 
 `` i never got to see you at all today . 
 you were sleeping when i left for the hospital and you were gone when i got home . '' 
 he drank some of his beer . 
 `` did you by chance make any dinner ? 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 `` yes i did . 
 i 'll warm you up a piece of meatloaf , o.k. ? '' 
 `` could i get a kiss first ? '' 
 lily got up and walked over to him . 
 she sat in his lap and smothered him in kisses . 
 she went to the kitchen to get him a plate . 
 she warmed the meatloaf in the microwave and added a small bowl of fruit salad to the plate . 
 he still had some beer left when she brought him the food . 
 he reached up and kissed her when she handed him the plate . 
 he gobbled down the fruit first . 
 `` i 'm going to get paid tomorrow . '' 
 `` at last . 
 it took a long time to get the evidence for your client this time . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 they kept the curtains drawn . '' 
 `` how did you do it ? '' 
 `` remember i told you they were repeating the rendezvous place ? '' 
 `` yes , i remember . '' 
 `` i got the manager to let me in this morning . 
 i stapled the side of the curtain so it did n't close flat against the wall . '' 
 `` that was clever . 
 the manager did n't mind ? '' 
 `` i did it while he was n't looking . 
 i 'm really glad this one is over . '' 
 lily was a nurse . 
 both she and collin understood the responsibilities of confidentiality . 
 so when they talked about work they never mentioned names . 
 lily had no idea that collin had been investigating the wife of wealthy and famous george holt of holt laboratories . 
 collin finished the meatloaf and his beer . 
 `` thanks , you make the best meatloaf . 
 i 'm sorry i was n't here to eat dinner with you . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 you go get ready for bed now . '' 
 `` meet you there . '' 
 lily took his plate and put it into the kitchen sink while collin prepared for bed . 
 chapter 2 hgl was in rockville in the route i-270 technology corridor . 
 there were lots of laboratories of one sort or another in that area of montgomery county . 
 many were research oriented some did clinical testing to diagnose disease . 
 hgl did both . 
 they did genetic testing to diagnose disease and research in hopes of someday developing a cure . 
 george holt owned and ran hgl . 
 it had started as a one man show . 
 after he had isolated the genetic code for an enzyme thought to slow the aging process and produced pure product through recombinant dna manufacturing he had struck it rich . 
 he sold the purified enzyme to a skin care product company that added it to their line of face creams . 
 now he had a huge building , a snazzy high tech laboratory and 800 employees all looking for the next big money maker . 
 george had married amy before he became so well known and rich . 
 now he wanted a divorce but he did n't want to share . 
 amy had played right along with his scheme by getting lonely and falling for the advances of a younger man . 
 a man george holt was secretly paying to romance his wife . 
 the young man was getting paid $ 20,000 and expenses . 
 george figured that was a savings compared to half of hgl . 
 collin entered the building and walked up to the receptionist . 
 she nodded for him to sign in and gave him a badge that indicated in large letters : visitor . 
 she called dr. holt 's secretary to tell them that collin had arrived . 
 while collin was waiting an employee of the lab came up to the desk . 
 she had apparently forgotten her badge when she left home that morning . 
 the receptionist asked for some identification and issued her a badge . 
 she reminded the employee that if she did n't turn it back in she would be reported . 
 the employee took the badge and went to the elevators . 
 dr. holt himself came to get collin . 
 they did n't speak until they were in his office with the door closed . 
 `` well ? 
 any luck yet ? '' 
 collin pulled a large brown envelope out of his briefcase and handed it to dr. holt . 
 collin had spent the morning developing the pictures in the dark room he had made out of the storage closet in the second bedroom . 
 george holt took the envelope from collin and slowly pulled out the pictures . 
 collin had included a picture of the bed before the covers came off . 
 george wrinkled his brow when he saw it thinking the pictures would be useless . 
 then he turned to the next one . 
 the covers were settling to the floor and his wife was holding the young man 's head to her chest with both hands . 
 the following pictures continued to show her infidelity . 
 george put the pictures back inside the envelope . 
 he opened his desk drawer and pulled out a checkbook . 
 collin said , `` sorry it turned out this way dr. holt . '' 
 collin always felt guilty about exposing a cheating spouse . 
 he knew it was n't his fault but it was a very emotional time for the people involved . 
 `` not at all . 
 thank you for your excellent work . 
 this should make the divorce go along much more smoothly . '' 
 george handed him the check . 
 `` i know my way out . '' 
 collin left dr. holt and his envelope of pictures and walked out of his office . 
 on his way out he glanced into the laboratory . 
 the doors to the lab were closed but they were glass so you could see men and women walking about in lab coats . 
 dr. holt told collin when he first came to the lab that nothing dangerous was worked on here . 
 still , they poked around in people 's genetics . 
 it reminded him of frankenstein . 
 he continued on his way out of the laboratory and to his car . 
 he was headed to the bank . 
 $ 30,000 would pay a lot of bills . 
 after the bank he checked in at his office . 
 he could n't afford a secretary due to the hit and miss nature of his work . 
 between cases he answered the phone . 
 while he was on a case he used a temporary agency . 
 his calls were routed to them . 
 they answered just as if they were in his office but they were n't . 
 he would check in with them and get his messages , if there were any . 
 to fill in the empty spaces between jobs collin had a deal with a large p.i. firm in rockville . 
 when they got an overload of cases they would pass one on to collin . 
 they took a small percentage of his fee but it helped collin get work . 
 dr. holt had been such a case . 
 he drove up to the professional building where his office was located and parked . 
 his office was here along with a travel agency , some doctor 's offices , a gym and a deli . 
 real estate in rockville was expensive but the rent here was fair and there was a lot of parking . 
 he stopped at the deli on his way to his office . 
 it was two p.m. and he had n't eaten lunch yet . 
 `` hey , mister carter . 
 how are you today ? 
 chicken salad is fresh . '' 
 `` hello mr. feldstein . 
 chicken salad on white toast and one of those big pickles would be great . '' 
 `` wrap the pickle separately so it does n't make the toast wet . 
 right ? '' 
 `` you know me pretty well joe . '' 
 `` coming right up . '' 
 collin walked to the register with a soda from the fridge and some chips from the stand . 
 joseph feldstein 's daughter was running the register . 
 abigail said , `` hello '' and rang up collin 's order . 
 `` back to working in the office , huh ? '' 
 `` until the next big one comes along '' answered collin . 
 chapter 3 collin took his sack with the sandwich , pickle , chips and the can of soda and walked on through the pleasant spring day to his office . 
 he stopped and bought a newspaper out of the box . 
 it was nice to see sixty degrees . 
 it had been below that in the car the night before . 
 he unlocked the office and entered . 
 he put the sack on the reception desk and looked around . 
 he 'd been following mrs. holt for three weeks . 
 the office had been closed up and felt stuffy . 
 he walked back over and propped the door open with the door stop . 
 it was nice to have an outside entrance . 
 he took the sack , put in the code on the lock to the door of the inner office so he could enter . 
 he flipped on the switch and sat down at his desk . 
 he left the door ajar so he could hear if anyone came in the front . 
 he opened the newspaper and the soda . 
 as he read he dialed the temporary office . 
 misty answered , `` hello mister carter 's office , how may i help you ? '' 
 `` hello . 
 is that misty ? '' 
 collin loved how misty answered the phone . 
 he hoped his clients did also . 
 she sounded pretty , not trampy , just pretty . 
 of course he had no idea what she looked like . 
 for all he knew she could be a man albeit one with a nice voice . 
 `` this is collin carter . 
 can you give me my messages ? 
 i 'm taking the phones back for a while . '' 
 misty replied , `` yes , mister carter , it 's misty . 
 there is one message . 
 a man called yesterday at three p.m. . 
 he left his name and number . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 've got a pen . 
 go ahead . '' 
 collin wrote down the man 's name , marvin maxwell , and his phone number . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 collin hung up . 
 he dialed mr. maxwell 's number . 
 `` hello . '' 
 a soft voice whispered . 
 `` my name is collin carter . 
 is there a marvin maxwell there ? '' 
 the voice whispered , `` yes . 
 i 'll get him . '' 
 collin could hear steps moving away from the phone . 
 in a moment there was noise on the phone and collin thought he had been disconnected but a strong masculine voice said , `` this is maxwell . 
 who is this ? '' 
 `` i 'm collin carter returning your call from yesterday afternoon . '' 
 `` you 're the private eye , right ? '' 
 `` yes , is there something i can do for you ? '' 
 `` my niece has gone missing . 
 well she is n't exactly missing . 
 we know where she says she is but i need to have it checked out . 
 can you come to my house tomorrow maybe and let me tell you about it . 
 then you can tell us if there is anything you can do to help . 
 i got your name from hazel trumble . 
 back awhile she said you helped her . '' 
 collin did remember hazel . 
 he would n't turn down work in any case . 
 he told mr. maxwell he could come and got the address . 
 the meeting was set for ten a.m. the following day at the maxwell residence . 
 the maxwells lived on a farm outside of hagerstown . 
 collin remembered hazel had lived near hagerstown as well . 
 hazel had been an eccentric old woman who had him dig up all the dirt on her kin so she could reward them appropriately in her will . 
 collin finished his lunch and read the newspaper . 
 he turned on the small tv he had in his office . 
 he liked to be up on the news . 
 he pulled out his ledger and checkbook and wrote out some payments . 
 his mortgage company would be glad to hear from him . 
 he had n't had a decent case for months before the holts and he was two months behind both on the office rent and his house payment . 
 just for kicks , he paid next month 's payment too . 
 that should keep the wolves from the door for a little while . 
 around five he went home . 
 chapter 4 lily was home when collin arrived . 
 he saw her car parked outside their place . 
 she worked as a nurse at the county hospital . 
 she worked days monday through friday on the obstetric ward . 
 sometimes it was hectic and she came home exhausted . 
 she would jump into the shower or take a hot bath . 
 then she would ask collin to rub her feet with scented oil . 
 he kind of liked it . 
 he was glad to see she was home . 
 he parked his grey prism next to her green prius . 
 his was old , hers was brand new . 
 he liked to have a car nobody would notice . 
 it helped in his job . 
 she wanted to help the environment . 
 that 's why she bought the hybrid . 
 he walked across the parking lot to the row of townhomes and pulled out his key . 
 lily opened the door before he could put the key in the lock . 
 `` colly ! 
 you 're home . '' 
 she wrapped herself around him and gave him a welcome home kiss . 
 they went inside and shut the door . 
 `` lily you 're beautiful . '' 
 `` like i 'm not always ? '' 
 `` yes you are . 
 did you do that to your hair on purpose ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 you boob ! 
 i had it cut differently this time . 
 it 's a popular style . '' 
 her hair was a medium brown and usually just cut shoulder length . 
 this time she had the stylist cut bangs that started shorter on one side and got longer as they proceeded across her face . 
 then she cut the back so that now instead of being evenly cut across the hair started just below one ear and got longer until it got to the other ear . 
 at that point the long bangs merged into the longer hair and came to a point at lily 's shoulder . 
 `` well i like it . 
 as i said you 're beautiful . '' 
 `` collin sometimes i could punch you . '' 
 `` but i said you were beautiful . '' 
 `` nevermind . '' 
 collin put his jacket into the closet . 
 lily went into the kitchen . 
 collin went down the hall to change out of his suit and tie . 
 lily called out to him , `` you remember what day tomorrow is , do n't you ? '' 
 collin heard her but before he replied he walked over to the bathroom and shut the door . 
 he had a secret list of special dates taped to the inside of the vanity . 
 he got down on his back and looked up at the list . 
 it was tuesday april tenth . 
 tomorrow would be april eleventh . 
 he was screwed . 
 april eleventh was not on the list . 
 he lay there for a moment . 
 maybe it was because it was going to be wednesday ? 
 had she told him recently about an affair or something having to do with the hospital ? 
 he could n't remember . 
 he got up off the floor and dejectedly opened the door and stepped into the hall . 
 `` can you give me a clue ? 
 i 'm real sorry but nothing comes to mind . '' 
 she did n't hear him . 
 she was getting a casserole out of the oven . 
 he changed his clothes and walked out to the kitchen/dining area . 
 `` lily ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` can i help ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 've got it . 
 sit down . '' 
 collin sat down . 
 the table was set and lily brought the casserole and put it on the hot pad in the center of the table . 
 a pitcher of lemonade and glasses were already on the table next to the salad bowl . 
 the casserole , collin was happy to notice , was her mother 's spaghetti casserole . 
 lily sat down and they said a silent grace . 
 collin asked , `` may i serve you some salad sweetie ? '' 
 lily handed him her salad bowl and then took it back full of lettuce , tomato slices scallions , peppers , celery and cucumbers . 
 he served his own salad and lily passed him the carafe of homemade salad dressing . 
 she was eating her salad when collin put out his hand for her plate . 
 she handed it to him and he served the spaghetti casserole . 
 it tasted like lasagna except it had spaghetti noodles instead of lasagna noodles . 
 it was one of collin 's favorite dishes . 
 they ate and lily chatted a little about how her day had gone . 
 then as they were finishing up lily asked again , `` you remember about tomorrow do n't you ? '' 
 `` now lily , do n't be mad at me . '' 
 `` collin ! 
 you forgot ? '' 
 `` well . 
 i guess i did . 
 april eleventh , nothing comes to mind . '' 
 `` it 's the baby shower at church . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 the pastor 's daughter-in-law , penelope , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` honey , you 're not really going to make me come to a baby shower are you ? '' 
 `` you said you 'd think about it . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 well , i asked clifford if he was going and he asked me if i was nuts . '' 
 `` very well . 
 i 'll go without you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 did you make a peach pie for dessert ? '' 
 `` you do n't deserve it . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 is it still warm ? 
 there 's vanilla ice cream in the freezer . '' 
 `` help me take the dishes into the kitchen . 
 i 'll bring you some pie . '' 
 collin grabbed up the dinner dishes and cleared the table . 
 he even put the left-over casserole into a plastic container and popped it into the refrigerator as he watched lily scoop ice cream onto the pie slices . 
 he followed her to the table . 
 lily loved to cook and she loved that collin appreciated her efforts . 
 the pie was delicious . 
 after it was gobbled up , they did the dishes together and went out for a walk . 
 lily had talked collin into the evening strolls as part of a healthy lifestyle . 
 he enjoyed walking with her . 
 they walked whenever it was not raining or freezing cold . 
 after their walk they watched some tv and went to bed . 
 chapter 5 marvin maxwell greeted collin at the door with a hearty handshake . 
 `` come on in '' collin followed him to a room that in the days when the victorian house had been built would be called the parlor . 
 marvin motioned for collin to sit and poked the fire to keep it burning . 
 it felt to collin like the fireplace was the only source of heat for the room . 
 this seemed odd because marvin maxwell gave all appearances of having money . 
 the home and grounds were well cared for and there had been two bmw 's in the garage collin passed on his way in . 
 it was going to be sixty degrees again today ; maybe they used the fireplace just on this floor . 
 after collin sat down a frail woman entered the room and sat near the fire . 
 `` maggie , this is collin carter . 
 the man i was telling you helped hazel . '' 
 `` this is my wife , maggie . '' 
 `` how do you do ? 
 how can i help you folks ? '' 
 maggie spoke in a whisper , `` my niece has run away from her parents and i 'm worried about her . '' 
 `` what can you tell me about her ? '' 
 maggie continued , `` she is nineteen years old . 
 she wants to work instead of going to college like her parents want her to . '' 
 `` that 's pretty common . '' 
 `` i know but this is different . 
 she told her mother that she was going to make a million dollars working for some place called gene search . 
 she said she heard about it on the radio . '' 
 `` a million dollars ! 
 well what kind of things do you have to do for a million dollars ? '' 
 `` that 's what worries me . 
 can you find out what she is doing and if there is any truth to her story ? 
 her mother wo n't agree to hire someone to spy on her daughter . 
 she knows the story does n't sound true but as long as shelby - that 's her name , shelby radcliff - as long as shelby keeps calling her mother once a week , she feels the girl is safe . 
 the phone number she is calling from has a 443 area code . '' 
 collin said he would be happy to help them and explained his fees . 
 mr. maxwell agreed with the fees and asked , `` how often will you update us ? '' 
 `` i 'll call you at the beginning of next week and if i have something to show you i 'll come up . '' 
 maggie whispered , `` thank you so much . '' 
 marvin walked collin out to his car . 
 `` do you mind me asking what 's wrong with your wife 's voice ? '' 
 `` maggie has a degenerative larynx . 
 it 's part of a condition that occurs in her family . 
 not everyone gets it . 
 thanks for taking our case . 
 i 'll be waiting to hear from you . '' 
 collin shook mr. maxwell 's hand and got in his car . 
 he gave a little wave as he drove off . 
 driving down route 270 toward home , collin could n't believe that he had a second case so close behind the holt case . 
 this one was even kind of different . 
 he had missing person cases before but none where the person had run off to make a million ! 
 he had gotten a picture of shelby radcliff and the phone number she had used to call her aunt . 
 shelby 's mother apparently did n't want to help find her . 
 but collin might be able to trace the number maggie had given him . 
 collin drove from hagerstown to his office . 
 he picked up lunch from the deli again . 
 after he checked his machine for messages he did an internet search for gene search nothing but references to the individual words , gene and search , came up . 
 he called lily at work . 
 `` guess what ? 
 i 've got another big case . '' 
 `` well are n't you special . '' 
 `` have you ever heard of gene search ? '' 
 `` yes , on the radio . 
 they are advertising that you can make up to a million dollars if you have the right dna . 
 your not selling your dna are you ? 
 `` what ? 
 what does that mean : the right dna ? '' 
 `` the commercials do n't say any more than that . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for a girl that ran off after telling her parents she was joining gene search . '' 
 `` well , good luck . 
 i 'll write down the contact number if i hear the commercial again , o.k. ? '' 
 `` thanks , sweetie ; did i tell you how much i loved your hair this morning ? '' 
 `` yes you did . 
 i love you too . 
 got to go , the lady in room five is about to pop . '' 
 `` bye . 
 love you bunches . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 collin finished his lunch . 
 then he called the phone number mrs. maxwell had said her niece had called them from . 
 it rang a long time but nobody picked it up . 
 he figured the business was probably incorporated . 
 he started a search on the internet for corporations by state . 
 he was n't getting very far when lily called him back . 
 `` i 've got the number . '' 
 `` what would i do without you ? '' 
 `` probably starve . 
 here 's the number . 
 love you . 
 see you later . '' 
 collin wrote down the number . 
 it was an 888 number . 
 he dialed it . 
 `` gene search . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 the voice was lovely . 
 `` i heard about you on the radio , '' he lied . 
 `` i 'm so glad you called . 
 can i send you our welcome packet ? '' 
 `` well , yes . 
 what 's in it ? '' 
 `` it explains who we are and how we can help you help yourself . 
 i 'm going to put you through to one of our staff that will take your information and send that welcome packet right to you . '' 
 before collin could ask anything else , he was transferred . 
 he got an automated message that explained that all operators were busy helping others . 
 it gave him the option to leave his name and address so he did . 
 the electronic voice promised him a welcome packet within three to five business days then terminated the call . 
 collin logged the time spent on the maxwell case into his billing system . 
 he turned on the tv news . 
 the lead story was about an accident on the virginia side of the washington beltway . 
 they were reporting that the police and rescue vehicles were blocking the two left lanes where the accident had occurred . 
 somehow a car had hit the median and burst into flames . 
 the tv station had a helicopter overhead . 
 the pictures were of a smashed partially burned vehicle . 
 collin could barely make out that it had once been a camaro . 
 the car was a pale green which struck collin as odd because he had seen a pale green camaro less than a week before . 
 mrs. holt 's lover drove a pale green camaro . 
 since he had nothing else to do while he waited the three-five business days for gene search to send him his welcome packet , he pulled the holt file and called a friend on the virginia state police force . 
 `` hey , donnie . 
 it 's collin . '' 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` i see that a green camaro got smashed on the beltway . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i heard about that . 
 the guy got airlifted to the hospital but he died on the way . 
 the preliminary story is that someone ran him into the barrier . '' 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 how old was the guy ? 
 i kind of know somebody with a camaro that color . '' 
 `` his driver 's license makes him 31 . 
 is it part of a case ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 if the license plate was a virginia tag qqb819 . '' 
 `` let me look . 
 so happens it was . '' 
 `` can you give me his name ? '' 
 `` you can get that yourself from the dmv . '' 
 `` that would take days and i 'd have to fill out the form . '' 
 `` thomas stevenson . '' 
 `` thanks , donnie . 
 could you let me know when you find out what actually happened ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 might be a while . 
 i 'm sure there were lots of drivers on the beltway at the time but it is hard to get witnesses to come forward in cases like this . 
 i 'll let you know what the paint analysis says when we get it . '' 
 collin was surprised to find mrs. holt 's lover killed by someone shoving him into the barrier and taking off . 
 it had to have been an accident ; though stranger things had happened . 
 could dr. holt have been angry enough and crazy enough to have done the guy in ? 
 he 'd wait until his friend could tell him what had actually happened before he thought about the possibility that dr. holt had become a murderer . 
 though he might check out what cars dr. holt and his wife had registered to see if any matched the paint analysis when it came back . 
 collin shut down the office and went home . 
 he had the evening to himself since lily had gone to the baby shower . 
 pizza and beer for dinner . 
 just like old times . 
 chapter 6 collin had just paid the pizza delivery guy and set himself up with the pizza , a beer and the tv when the doorbell rang again . 
 collin turned off the tv and went to open the door . 
 it was n't the pizza guy . 
 it was a tall gaunt man and a petite woman . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 the woman said , `` mr. carter ? 
 collin carter ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's me . '' 
 `` we 're from gene search . 
 may we come in ? '' 
 collin was shocked . 
 he was expecting an information packet in the mail , not visitors . 
 `` certainly . '' 
 he stepped back so they could enter . 
 he grabbed the pizza and his beer and took them to the kitchen . 
 when he returned the people from gene search were seated in his living room . 
 collin sat down . 
 `` i was n't expecting a visit . '' 
 the man answered , `` nobody does . 
 we 're here to see if you qualify for the gene search project . '' 
 `` exactly what is the gene search project ? '' 
 `` mr. carter , that will only be explained to you if you qualify . '' 
 the woman from gene search got up and put a duffle bag on collin 's coffee table . 
 she pulled out a lab coat which she put on . 
 then some latex gloves , a plastic baggie , some tubes with green tops , some gauze , adhesive tape , a tourniquet , a swab encased in a plastic tube , a small plastic cup with a screw top lid , a styrofoam box and a roll of masking tape . 
 the man explained , `` we need some samples from you to send away to our lab to see if you qualify for the project . 
 terrie will draw your blood and take a few samples of your hair and a cheek swab . 
 then you will provide a urine sample . '' 
 collin did n't like their strong arm techniques . 
 but he wanted information about this place so he figured he 'd have to play along . 
 the man handed him a release form for him to sign saying , `` just sign here . '' 
 collin read the short paragraph : `` i hereby grant gene search the authority to take bodily samples for the express purpose of determining my eligibility for the gene search project . '' 
 collin signed . 
 terrie put on the latex gloves and pulled three hairs from collin 's head . 
 she put them in the plastic baggie and sealed it . 
 she pulled the swab from its plastic tube and asked him to open his mouth . 
 she vigorously swabbed the inside of his cheek . 
 then she put a tourniquet around his arm and filled the three green top tubes with his blood . 
 after she taped a piece of gauze over the phlebotomy site she handed him the cup . 
 terrie told him , `` please fill it to the line . '' 
 collin took the cup and walked down the hallway . 
 there was a bathroom in the master suite and one in the hall but he entered the second bedroom instead . 
 there was no bathroom in the second bedroom but that was where he kept expensive surveillance equipment such as tiny gps transmitters . 
 he opened a small glass jar from the shelf over the desk . 
 he took a tiny probe out of the tray on the desk and activated the transmitter . 
 he would be able to track the device anywhere it went . 
 the problem was that as small as it was it was not invisible . 
 he could n't conceal it in the urine cup . 
 he 'd have to drop it on one of the gene search people . 
 collin filled the cup as instructed , using the closet for privacy , and returned to the living room . 
 as he handed the urine cup to terrie he reached over the top of the duffle bag . 
 he dropped the gps transmitter into the duffle just as she was reaching for the sample cup . 
 terrie stored the urine cup in another plastic baggie and put it away with the other samples in the styrofoam box . 
 she sealed the box with tape and placed it into the duffle bag . 
 she took off the lab coat , stuffed it into the duffle bag then pulled the zipper of the duffle bag closed and turned to leave . 
 the man with no name stood and followed her to the door . 
 collin tried to ask when he would hear from them again but they ignored him and went out the door . 
 collin watched them from the door walk to a black suv waiting out front . 
 terrie and the man got into the suv and it drove off . 
 collin took a mental note of the license plate and went back inside . 
 he wrote down the license plate number . 
 collin could barely believe what had just happened but he was hungry . 
 he washed his hands in the kitchen sink , grabbed a fresh beer and took the lukewarm pizza back into the living room . 
 wrestling was on . 
 lily did n't like wrestling so this was his time to watch . 
 chapter 7 the next day at the office collin logged onto his desk top . 
 he opened the locator icon and pulled up the data from the gps transmitter he had dropped in the gene search bag . 
 he clicked on the history button and a map of maryland came up . 
 he zoomed in so he could see the address where the red dot designating the position of the locator was quietly blinking . 
 it was his townhome . 
 the time indicator read 19:45 the day before . 
 so far - so good . 
 he clicked on the proceed button . 
 the red dot started to move as did the time indicator . 
 collin took a sip of his coffee as he watched the dot move . 
 he was watching it in real time . 
 the dot continued as collin chomped on his breakfast sandwich and drank his coffee . 
 fifteen minutes later the dot stopped moving . 
 collin was surprised at the address shown . 
 no doubt about it at 20:15 , fifteen minutes after terrie and no name left his place , they arrived at holt genetics laboratories . 
 collin was surprised . 
 but , if gene search was testing his samples to see if his dna was something they wanted , they would take the samples to the kind of lab hgl was . 
 it just seemed strange to have the connection from his current case to the previous . 
 he pulled the holt file again and called dr. holt 's office . 
 dr. holt 's secretary , lorraine , answered . 
 he said hello and identified himself . 
 `` yes , mr. carter , i remember you . 
 dr. holt is n't in right now , is there anything i can do to help you ? '' 
 `` perhaps you can . 
 i 've run across a group that is doing genetic testing . 
 i was wondering if you can tell me a little about them . '' 
 `` you mean one of our clients ? '' 
 `` could be . 
 i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` well i ca n't be gossiping about our clients , mr. carter . 
 i 'm sure you understand . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i 'm not asking for confidential information . 
 i was just wondering if you know about them . 
 they go by the name of gene search . '' 
 lorraine was quiet for a heartbeat . 
 then she said , `` no . 
 ca n't say that i do . 
 i know all of our clients and most of the other labs doing genetic work . 
 gene search is n't any group i know . '' 
 collin felt sure that she was lying . 
 he was fascinated . 
 why would she lie ? 
 `` well , thank you for your time , lorraine . 
 it was nice talking to you . '' 
 `` goodbye , mr. carter . '' 
 collin hung up the phone . 
 he turned back to his computer and clicked on the history summary button . 
 a summary of where the locator had been since he activated it showed on the screen . 
 the locator had been at hgl for twenty minutes . 
 then it traveled to two more stops and returned to hgl . 
 that is where it was located at this moment . 
 he hit the print button . 
 he was going to check out the other two addresses where the locator had stopped . 
 as he was getting into his car his cell phone rang . 
 the office phone was transferred to it . 
 when it rang he told himself he was going to have to send the phones back to the temps then answered the call , `` carter here . '' 
 donnie answered , `` hey ! 
 glad you answered . '' 
 `` donnie . 
 have you guys figured out the crash scenario already ? '' 
 `` looks like murder . '' 
 `` no kidding ! '' 
 `` witnesses say a bmw was chasing the camaro down the road . 
 cutting in and out then sideswiped him and sped off . '' 
 `` the witnesses get a license plate ? '' 
 `` no . 
 most of them were n't close enough . 
 the guy right behind them at the time was too surprised to look at the plate . '' 
 `` any description of the car ? '' 
 `` just silver and big . 
 collin , i need you to send me a report on the case you were working with the green camaro . '' 
 `` will do . 
 i 'm just starting a surveillance trip right now . '' 
 `` e-mail it to me . 
 do n't leave out any details . '' 
 `` got it ! '' 
 collin got in his car and started for the first address on his locator summary . 
 it turned out to be a house on a small street with a few neighbors on wooded lots . 
 collin parked his car across the street and down a bit so he could see without being seen . 
 nobody seemed to be home . 
 there were no cars in the driveway . 
 as he watched a police car passed him and turned into the driveway . 
 a woman answered the door and let the policeman in . 
 collin got out of his car and quietly approached the house . 
 collin put an earplug into his ear and placed the suction cup on the other end of the wire on the window of what he hoped was the living room . 
 he had guessed correctly . 
 he could hear the conversation taking place inside . 
 from what he heard the woman , mrs. keller , wanted the policeman to go looking for her daughter . 
 the girl had apparently left the house of her own free will around ten p.m. the night before . 
 as collin listened the police officer was explaining that he could n't do much since the girl was twenty years old . 
 mrs. keller could n't tell him who her daughter had left with . 
 she told the officer that a black suv had pulled into the driveway . 
 when mrs. keller looked out a window she saw her daughter talk briefly with a petite woman then the woman and her daughter got into the suv and it drove off . 
 mrs. keller called the police the next day because her daughter had not returned and had not called . 
 mrs. keller told the officer that her daughter had never done anything like this before . 
 the officer asked for a picture of her daughter . 
 then he told her they would have to wait two more days before he could do anything . 
 he told mrs. keller to be sure to call him if the girl returned before then . 
 collin pulled his listening device off of the window and returned to his car . 
 after the policeman drove away collin drove up to the house . 
 collin knocked on mrs. keller 's door . 
 when she opened the door collin asked , `` mrs. keller ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm a private detective . 
 can i come in for a minute ? '' 
 collin showed her his identification . 
 mrs. keller opened the door and collin entered . 
 she walked him to her living room . 
 it was a cozy room with comfortable furniture and family pictures . 
 `` please sit down . 
 tell me why you 're here . '' 
 collin sat down on the couch . 
 mrs. keller sat on the edge of a chair . 
 `` mrs. keller i 'm investigating a complaint about a girl that has run away from home to join a group called gene search . 
 have you ever heard of them ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think so . 
 who are they ? '' 
 `` i have n't yet been able to find out much . 
 i was visited by them last night . 
 they were in a black suv and i have evidence that after they left my place they came here . '' 
 `` a black suv was here last night . 
 my daughter got in it and it drove away . 
 if you find these people can you let me know if my daughter is with them ? 
 her name is linda keller . 
 here is a picture of her . 
 i 'll put my phone number on it . '' 
 `` take one of my business cards . 
 if you hear from linda please call me . '' 
 `` i will . 
 thank you so much . 
 i am worried about her . 
 i hope the other girl you are looking for is safe also . '' 
 collin left and started to the second address on his list . 
 the gps transmitter history showed that terrie and no name had driven twenty-two minutes to an undeveloped area north of rockville . 
 all of the rockville area had once been farmland and the address collin was looking for was still farmland . 
 collin found a fence post with the address number and a locked mailbox next to a locked gate blocking a one lane drive . 
 the one lane road on the other side of the locked gate was in good shape though it was not paved . 
 there was no clue as to what lay on the other end of the road as it meandered up and over a hill through some trees and out of sight . 
 collin got out of his car and examined the gate more closely . 
 there was an electronic device on the post to the left of the gate that had a place to slide a badge of some type for gaining entrance to the drive . 
 collin had a device he could use to open this type of lock but he did n't have it with him . 
 he decided to go back to the office and work on the e-mail report for donnie . 
 he would come back to the locked gate later . 
 chapter 8 collin had finished the e-mail report to his friend donnie . 
 he was happy to send donnie his report . 
 otherwise donnie would have made him come in to the station and give a report as well as answer questions . 
 the e-mail took less of collin 's time and was much less aggravating . 
 after closing up the office collin went home . 
 his plans were to wait until dark and then visit the locked gate and what lay beyond it . 
 after his post dinner walk with lily he went into the second bedroom and started to pull together some supplies . 
 `` are you going snooping ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i found a locked gate . 
 i have to see what 's on the other side . '' 
 `` sometimes your job is so exciting ! 
 you did n't see any dogs this time did you ? '' 
 lily was referring to a previous time when collin had gone snooping only to get run off the property he was snooping on by some very aggressive german shepherds . 
 he had escaped minus one torn pant leg . 
 even carrying pepper spray does n't work when you are out numbered . 
 `` no . 
 no dogs . '' 
 `` be careful . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 `` o.k. '' collin was now dressed in a black t-shirt , black leather jacket and black pants . 
 he was carrying his surveillance gear in a black backpack . 
 he kissed lily . 
 `` i should n't be too long but please do n't stay up worrying . 
 o.k. ? 
 i 'll call the emergency phone if i get into trouble . '' 
 `` i 'll just be watching tv for a while . '' 
 collin went out to his car and drove into the night . 
 he loved this part of his job . 
 when he was a kid he watched private investigator shows on tv and then snuck out at night to spy on his neighborhood . 
 he got caught a few times but he was a loveable kid and the neighbors that caught him usually fed him cookies and milk while they called his mom to come get him . 
 his father had been a policeman and had been killed when collin was just 4 years old . 
 the neighborhood felt sorry for his mother and him and helped them out when they could . 
 collin pulled his car off the road into some brush about a quarter of a mile from the gate . 
 he pulled a black ski mask over his head and face , took his backpack and started walking down the road . 
 the road was not well lighted and not well traveled so he could walk freely on the side of it . 
 as collin approached the white gate he studied the fence that ran around the property from the gate . 
 it did n't look like much of a fence until you looked closely . 
 the fence was only three feet high like most of the fencing in the area . 
 it had a low voltage shock wire running along the top as in most farms to keep livestock from pushing up against the fence and knocking it down . 
 but this fence also had hidden motion sensors with cameras spaced out in intervals of every three fence posts . 
 if someone jumped the fence the occupants of the property would see him coming . 
 the posts nearest the gate did n't have the motion detectors . 
 probably so every time the gate was used it did n't set off the alarms unnecessarily . 
 it appeared that if collin could unlock the gate and he stayed on the lane he would be safe from the alarms . 
 unfortunately the gate and lane were lighted . 
 so if someone drove by or happened to be watching he would be easily seen . 
 pausing in the darkness out of the reach of the light on the gate collin opened his backpack and removed the device he needed to unlock the gate . 
 he was perspiring from the walk and from nervousness . 
 he closed up the backpack and walked determinedly up to the gate . 
 he slid the electric key card into the slot and pressed the go button . 
 numbers flashed by on the digital read out for a couple of seconds and then the gate sprang open . 
 he walked through quickly and on up the lane . 
 the gate automatically closed and locked behind him . 
 he was breathing heavily as he reached the top of the hill where the lane disappeared into the trees . 
 he moved off the lane and into the trees to stop and listen for signs that anyone might have detected his entrance to the property . 
 collin looked back down the hill at the gate . 
 it had closed behind him and looked as it had before . 
 the light from the gate was not overly bright and it looked quiet and peaceful . 
 he looked the other way over the hill past the trees where he was hiding . 
 a few hundred yards down and away from his hiding place was a group of buildings . 
 it looked like a farmhouse and a barn with a silo . 
 then there were the other buildings . 
 he could n't make out what they were but they were each two stories high . 
 there were at least four or five of these buildings . 
 some lights were on both inside and out . 
 there was a truck and some cars parked at the farmhouse . 
 it did n't appear that anyone knew he was there . 
 collin kept to the shadows as he started toward the buildings . 
 he stayed in the trees then followed the tree line around to the left . 
 he figured sneaking up from the back would be best . 
 it was dark and the ground was uneven . 
 collin was being careful not to twist an ankle . 
 there was no evidence of any motion detectors or other alarms as he made his way . 
 he picked one of the two story buildings and snuck up from behind . 
 there was no outdoor lighting and he was able to find a back door . 
 he used a flashlight to examine the door . 
 it seemed completely ordinary so he pulled out a lock pick and picked the lock . 
 inside the door was a dark hallway . 
 collin slipped into the building and closed the door . 
 there was some pale emergency lighting and lighted exit signs in the hallway . 
 collin let his eyes adjust to the light . 
 he listened to see if there was anything or anyone making noise in the area . 
 he could hear a condenser go on and off and a motor running but no voices . 
 he started slowly moving down the hall . 
 the first door he came to was locked and unmarked . 
 the next had frosted glass for the top half and was labeled with a sign that said animal room . 
 collin peered through the glass but he could n't make anything out . 
 the door was also locked . 
 he continued to the end of the hall where it turned right . 
 this hallway was wider and he could see ahead a lighted area where there was an elevator . 
 he crept past the lighted area and down the hallway past the elevator . 
 the first doors in this hallway were offices with signs indicating who worked in each office . 
 the first was gregory phelps md , director . 
 the next was donna singleton phd , laboratory supervisor . 
 beyond the laboratory supervisor 's office was a long stretch broken by a set of locked double doors . 
 the sign here indicated that this was the main laboratory . 
 directly across the hall was another set of locked double doors with a sign that said clean room : exit only . 
 collin wondered what kind of lab testing this place was doing and if it was related to gene search or not . 
 he decided to break into the main lab and have a look around . 
 he picked the lock and peeked inside . 
 he took out a flashlight and swept the light around the room . 
 there was a counter top running down the middle of the room with a sink on each end . 
 there were some electrical outlets sticking up in the middle of the counter but no instruments were present . 
 there was also a counter at the back of the large room . 
 there was a refrigerator standing to the left and a horizontal behemoth of a freezer with a loud motor on the right . 
 there were other doors on either side of the room to the back . 
 small instruments were installed on the counter on the back wall . 
 collin was most interested in a book shelf with manuals on it that he saw on the right side of the back counter opposite the instruments . 
 he pulled out some of the manuals . 
 they were technical manuals for the use of the instruments . 
 then he pulled out a medium sized notebook that was labeled standard operating procedures . 
 inside he found what he was looking for . 
 the first page of the book had in large print : gene search project . 
 the book was a procedure manual for the testing associated with the gene search project . 
 the first section in the book was entitled : protocol i . 
 the document was very technical in nature . 
 collin could n't discern any explanation of exactly what the project or its goals were . 
 he put the notebook back on the shelf and left the lab . 
 in his hurry , he did n't notice that he placed the manual back upside down . 
 he wanted to see what was in the other buildings and he had already been on the property for over an hour . 
 he went back down the hall and then past the elevators . 
 he was startled when the light on the elevator came on and a loud ding was heard . 
 he ran around the corner toward the animal room and paused to look back and see if anyone got off the elevator . 
 collin was delighted to see the man and woman who exited the elevator turn away from him and walk toward the laboratory . 
 he quickly continued down the hall past the animal room and to the exit door . 
 he let himself out and peeked around the corner of the building to look at the next one . 
 he pulled back immediately . 
 there was a man smoking a cigarette leaning up against the wall of the other building . 
 it also appeared to collin that the man was armed . 
 he was dressed like a security man with a belt and holster . 
 collin listened then turned and went around the building the other way . 
 when he got to the other side he carefully peeked around the corner to see if the security guard was still there . 
 he was and he had been joined by another guard . 
 collin could also see a sign in the yard in front of the building that read security . 
 `` quiet night . '' 
 `` so far . 
 i guess the gate alarm was a false alarm . '' 
 `` it has registered an entry before when there was no entry . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i always thought it was the wind . 
 no wind today . '' 
 `` could have just been a raccoon or something rattled the gate . '' 
 `` yeah , the motion sensors did n't show anything . '' 
 collin was perturbed . 
 his entry had apparently been detected . 
 `` you and jack checked the dorms right ? '' 
 `` nobody was missing . 
 jack 's been out doing a perimeter search for about and hour . 
 he should be back soon . '' 
 `` i 'm headed back in . 
 tell him to come see me when he shows up . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 collin watched the first guard walk down the side of the security building and go inside . 
 he did not know where jack might be at this point but collin decided it was time to go . 
 he snuck back to the backdoor of the laboratory building and tiptoed across the open area into the cover of the trees . 
 he quietly made his way back to the lane listening and watching for any signs of the guard named jack . 
 at the top of the hill collin paused to decide how best to exit the property . 
 he did n't want to be detected again . 
 just then an alarm sounded from the laboratory building . 
 lights came on around the building and the security guards came running . 
 the woman collin had seen leaving the elevator was standing outside the building pointing and talking loudly . 
 `` someone 's been in the laboratory ! '' 
 the guards followed the woman back inside . 
 collin decided it was definitely time to go . 
 he ran toward the gate staying in the center of the lane so the motion sensors would not pick him up . 
 he did n't pause to unlock the gate . 
 he put both hands on it and vaulted over . 
 he fell on the other side . 
 he picked himself up and ran down the road for his car . 
 he made the quarter of a mile in just a few minutes . 
 he unlocked the door and got inside . 
 he was breathing heavy and was dusty from falling . 
 he grabbed the steering wheel and breathed deeply . 
 he told himself , `` do n't panic ! 
 drive slowly like you belong here . '' 
 then he started the car and headed for home unaware that he had been observed as he ran down the lane by the guard , jack . 
 chapter 9 by the next monday morning collin had determined that dr. holt did not have a bmw registered under his name . 
 it turned out that he drove a jaguar . 
 mrs. holt had a mercedes registered to her . 
 collin was relieved to see that they did n't drive a bmw since it was a bmw that shoved mrs. holt 's lover into the median on the beltway and killed him . 
 collin 's friend on the virginia state police force told him the witnesses explained that the bmw intentionally ran the camaro into the median and then drove off . 
 they were investigating the event as a vehicular homicide and not an accident . 
 the word had been put out to all auto repair shops in the northern virginia , washington d.c. and maryland area to report any bmw 's that came in needing repairs to the front driver 's side . 
 collin was on his way to report his progress to the maxwells . 
 he was now on route 270 outside frederick running the facts of the case through his mind and also the fact that gene search and hgl seemed connected in some way . 
 the gene search suv that had come to his home with a tall gaunt man and a petite lady named , terrie , had ended their travels at hgl after visiting mrs. keller and the country compound where collin had found another laboratory and a security force that made him wonder what else was located in the compound . 
 collin was n't sure what he was going to tell the maxwells about their niece . 
 after all , collin had not found the girl yet . 
 it was only a guess that she might be staying at the compound . 
 he wanted to ask them if they had any connection to hgl . 
 he wanted to do it in person so he could watch for their reactions . 
 so far he had been lied to by dr. holt 's secretary and mrs. holt 's lover had been murdered right after collin had identified him . 
 he wanted to watch for subtle signs that the maxwells might know more about these events than they had said so far . 
 he turned onto route 70 and continued on toward hagerstown . 
 he decided that he would ask the maxwells right out if they had any connections to hgl . 
 collin pulled into the maxwell farm . 
 he passed the same open garages with the two bmw 's in them that he saw when he had visited them before . 
 he could n't see the front end of the cars from the driveway . 
 he pulled up to the house and parked his car . 
 marvin and maggie maxwell were waiting for him on the porch . 
 it was a beautiful day and ten degrees warmer than the last time collin had been there . 
 collin walked up to the porch . 
 `` welcome . '' 
 marvin shook collin 's hand . 
 collin sat in a chair near the swing where maggie was sitting . 
 `` hello mrs. maxwell . '' 
 `` i so glad you came . 
 no one has heard from shelby this week . 
 do you have any news for us , '' maggie whispered . 
 `` i have n't found her yet . 
 but i have a lead . 
 there is a place in rockville that i 'll be visiting soon to see if she is there . 
 it appears to be a compound related to gene search but i do n't have conclusive facts at this point . '' 
 collin continued , `` i need to ask you both if you have any connection to holt genetics laboratory ? '' 
 maggie and marvin glanced at each other . 
 marvin said , `` why do you ask ? '' 
 collin told a white lie , `` i followed a gene search vehicle to the holt genetics laboratory . 
 i 'm trying to determine how gene search and hgl are related . '' 
 marvin patted his wife on her knee then answered , `` i explained to you when you were here before that my wife has a degenerative larynx . 
 it is a genetic condition and the reason we do n't have children . 
 hgl is the laboratory that our doctor used to diagnose maggie 's condition . '' 
 `` so you do n't actually know dr. holt ? '' 
 `` well , i did n't before our doctor told us to get the genetic tests . 
 at that time i made it a priority to understand the testing and i met and have become friends with george holt . '' 
 `` yes , we have become good friends with george and amy , '' maggie whispered . 
 `` do either of you drive the virginia side of the washington beltway frequently ? '' 
 marvin responded , `` i work in frederick and maggie always has our driver take her out if she needs to go anywhere . 
 it would be unusual for either of us to be on the beltway especially not the virginia side . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` no reason . 
 you had n't heard of gene search before your niece ran away did you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 -lrb- a whisper -rrb- `` could you ask your sister if shelby calls to please describe the place where she is staying ? 
 ask her which building she is in and see if she will confirm that there is a security force watching the compound . 
 this will help me to confirm that the rockville compound is the right place . 
 then call me right away . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 maggie and marvin agreed to tell shelby 's mother but she would n't help before and they were n't sure she would now . 
 collin walked to his car . 
 he wanted to stop and look at the bmws but the garage was in sight of the house and he did n't want the maxwells to see him snooping . 
 so he drove on past the garage on his way off the farm . 
 he decided to go back to his office and check the gps transmitter . 
 he had n't checked it since his trip to the rockville country compound . 
 collin listened to the radio on his way from the maxwell farm to his office . 
 after lily had given him the gene search phone number he had started listening to the radio station where she heard the announcement . 
 he wanted to hear the gene search advertisement for himself . 
 it was a rock station on the fm dial . 
 he usually listened to talk radio or maybe some jazz on his satellite radio . 
 there were n't any commercials -- a big reason to get satellite radio . 
 he was pleased to hear the gene search advertisement just as he was passing the exit for the national geographic institute . 
 they urged anyone between the ages of eighteen to thirty to call and see if they could qualify for up to a million dollars in payment for having the right dna . 
 they gave the same phone number he had already called . 
 it was a quick and uninformative advertisement . 
 collin stopped by the feldstein deli and picked up lunch . 
 he did n't notice a man outside the deli open his cell phone and make a call as collin walked past him . 
 collin walked toward his office . 
 he saw a man coming out of his office that quickly turned and walked away from him . 
 `` hey ! 
 you ! 
 what were you doing in my office ? '' 
 the man started running as soon as collin yelled . 
 collin ran after him but he got delayed by a group of well developed young women exiting the gym . 
 the man had disappeared by the time collin had gotten past the girls . 
 collin returned to his office . 
 the lock on the door had been broken . 
 he did n't think anyone else would still be inside but he carefully pushed the door open and peaked around the door jamb . 
 nobody was in the outer office . 
 he slowly , quietly entered and walked over to his inner office . 
 he slowly pushed the door open . 
 nothing was out of place . 
 unlike the lock on the outer office door that was part of the building , collin had better locks on his file cabinet and desk . 
 there was also the electronic lock on the inner office door but he had n't locked it thursday when he left . 
 he habitually left it unlocked unless he was not planning on being in the office for an extended period . 
 collin put down the lunch sack he was carrying from the deli . 
 he sat down at his desk and looked at the papers he had left on it . 
 there was a copy of the gps transmitter summary and some scribbled notes about the accident/murder on the beltway that he had written down on his phone message pad while he was talking to donnie . 
 the same phone pad also had other notes on it if you looked back through the pages . 
 he had written the gene search number there when he was talking to lily and marvin maxwell 's name and number from when he was talking to the service . 
 he realized that he should lock the pad and anything else he had on his desk into the desk any time he left from now on . 
 he was also going to start locking the inner door . 
 collin started eating his lunch . 
 he started to turn on his computer . 
 he discovered it was already on and someone had logged on as him . 
 collin was very upset with himself . 
 he always logged off and shut down the computer when he left but the passwords were on the back inside cover of the telephone message pad . 
 the intruder must have found the passwords and logged on . 
 it appeared that the intruder had been reading his write up of the holt case . 
 collin had no idea how long the guy had been in his office or what other files he might have accessed . 
 collin 's sandwich stuck in his throat . 
 he was going to have to be much more careful as he continued investigating gene search . 
 he had seen the security at the compound and now they or someone had followed him here . 
 the phone rang and brought collin out of his daze . 
 `` collin carter here . '' 
 `` mr. carter . 
 it 's barbara keller . '' 
 `` hello , mrs. keller . 
 has your daughter come back ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but she called last thursday night . 
 i called your office on friday but i guess you were out . 
 she says she is alright and would have called me sooner but the place she is at wo n't let the girls use the phone without filling out a request . '' 
 `` how was she able to call ? '' 
 `` she said something was happening on the campus where her dorm is . 
 all the security people went running out of the building and so she snuck out and used the phone . 
 she knew i 'd be worried because she had n't come in and said good bye when she left . '' 
 `` last thursday night ? '' 
 collin decided that barbara keller 's daughter must be at the gene search compound . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` was she able to tell you where she is ? '' 
 `` she does n't know exactly . 
 she says it is a nice place . 
 she thinks it was once a farm . 
 now the research people use it . '' 
 `` what does she say she is doing there ? 
 did she give the name of the research place ? '' 
 `` she says she and the other girls are there to help cure childhood genetic disease . 
 she is very excited about being able to help such a worthy cause but she could n't tell me any more because the research is so vital the security is very tight . '' 
 `` did she say anything else ? '' 
 `` only that she loves me and i should n't worry . '' 
 `` thank you for calling mrs. keller . 
 it is good to know that she is alright . 
 will you let me know if she calls again ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 if she calls again , i 'll let you know . 
 mr. carter , do you think she is really alright ? '' 
 `` i 'm still looking into the other girl that ran away . 
 i have n't found out anything bad yet . 
 though such strong security does suggest there might be reason to make sure everything is copasetic . 
 i 'll let you know if i find anything . '' 
 `` thank you mr. carter . 
 good bye . '' 
 collin finished his lunch . 
 he needed to think of a way to get back on the rockville compound . 
 meanwhile he accessed the gps transmitter that he had dropped into the duffle bag terrie and no name had taken his samples away in . 
 the computer showed that the locator was currently at the holt genetic laboratory . 
 he clicked on the history button . 
 the locator had not moved from hgl since the night gene search had come to visit him . 
 maybe he could visit hgl and find the locator . 
 he wanted to know why it was n't moving . 
 he knew nobody would be at hgl on sunday . 
 dr. holt had mentioned the hours of operation when he had first met collin and given him the tour . 
 he also knew that the building was only accessible by badge above the first floor . 
 he was going to have to get himself a badge . 
 collin had seen the front desk issue a temporary badge to an employee who forgot their badge while he was waiting for dr. holt to come and get him during his investigation of his wife . 
 if he could get into the building he might be able to get a badge from the front desk . 
 how he was going to get into the building was another matter . 
 he had seen security cameras and motion detectors in the lobby . 
 it would n't be easy . 
 of course the building was open monday through friday from eight a.m. to six p.m. but the front desk was manned during those hours . 
 if he could enter during the hours the building was open maybe he could cause some kind of a distraction that would take the front desk people away from their station just long enough to steal a badge . 
 short of burning the building down he was n't sure what he could do . 
 chapter 10 the next morning , collin was sitting in the breakfast café on the first floor of the hgl building wearing blue jeans and a hooded t-shirt . 
 so far his plan was working . 
 he had been able to enter the building unseen by the receptionist who was busy at the desk . 
 he had turned right as he entered and passed through the lobby to the side of the elevators and into the café . 
 he purchased a latte and a bagel and sat down across from the entrance of the café in line of site of the lobby and the front desk beyond . 
 he was tempted to snatch a badge from the pocketbook of the employee seated at the table next to him but he was afraid he would get caught . 
 he waited a while then he got up and took his latte and a small bag he had brought with him to the counter where the cup insulators and the cream and sugar were available . 
 at the moment nobody was standing near him so he bent down pretending to look at his shoe and opened the bag . 
 he reached inside the bag and opened the small box that was inside . 
 he quickly pushed the bag with the box inside back against the wall . 
 the he stood up , took his latte and returned to his bagel . 
 it took a couple of minutes for the two white rats to exit the bag . 
 collin was trying to watch without actually looking . 
 he saw them out of the corner of his eye . 
 they moved away from the bag and he could n't see them anymore . 
 he was munching his bagel when the screaming started . 
 a woman had paid for her coffee and started toward the cream and sugar . 
 she must have seen one of the rats and her scream alerted the entire café to the presence of the rat . 
 just then more screaming started behind the counter where the register was . 
 collin guessed the other rat must have headed behind the register to where the servers prepare the orders . 
 at this point people started running and screaming . 
 others not sure what the first people were screaming about became alarmed and got up to leave the café . 
 collin set off the second part of his plan , a smoke bomb . 
 he jumped up and yelled , `` fire ! 
 fire ! '' 
 now everyone was screaming and running . 
 collin exited the café and paused near the elevators . 
 more people were yelling about a fire and the smoke was filling the café . 
 the front desk security and the receptionist left the front desk for a minute to get a closer look . 
 collin carefully moved closer to the reception desk . 
 he could see the badges he wanted in a rack near the back of the desk under the overhang of the counter . 
 for just a split second nobody was near the desk and everyone was looking toward the café . 
 collin took the chance and reached forward ducking down and grabbing a badge out of the rack . 
 he stayed low and duck walked a couple of feet away from the desk . 
 he stood up his back against the wall and tucked the stolen badge into his pocket . 
 everyone was still in an uproar . 
 the smoke filled the cafe , the screaming continued . 
 people were all over the lobby and some were panicked enough to run out of the building . 
 collin joined the people exiting the building and walked out the front doors averting his face from the security cameras . 
 collin could hear sirens wailing . 
 it appeared that someone had called the fire department . 
 as he walked to his car people began exiting the hgl building in large numbers . 
 collin was pulling out of the parking lot as a second fire truck was arriving . 
 he hoped the badge would n't be missed before sunday when he planned to come back . 
 then perhaps he could return it so nobody would ever know it was gone . 
 he was on his way to the county property office . 
 he wanted to check out the land surrounding the gene search compound . 
 maybe there was a better way in than through the front gate . 
 the maps at the property office were helpful even though they were a bit confusing . 
 collin determined that there was a large tract of land adjacent to the gene search property . 
 he decided to drive out there and give it a look . 
 as he drove up he could see that it was an old , large cathedral . 
 there was a large parking lot and he found a space to park . 
 collin did n't see any other cars or people so he wandered around the back of the large stone building . 
 behind the cathedral was a beautifully landscaped property with pathways and benches . 
 he followed the walkways in the general direction of the side of the property that eventually should meet up with the property the gene search compound was situated on . 
 there was a cemetery and then the cathedral property became woods and the pathways stopped . 
 collin had a compass in his watch and he decided to enter the woods and see how difficult it might be to make his way through . 
 the brush grabbed at his jeans and the brambles left parts of themselves attached to his jeans and hooded t-shirt . 
 farther in under the trees the brush disappeared due to the lack of light . 
 this made walking through the forest easier . 
 following his compass he continued for an hour . 
 he figured he should be getting close to the gene search property . 
 he would still have to travel about another two miles through the woods before he got near the compound itself . 
 he had no idea what kind of security they might have set up in the woods . 
 of course it was possible that there was no security until you got right up to the compound . 
 out here in the woods the wildlife would be triggering the alarms all the time . 
 collin continued for another hour and a half . 
 then he heard something up ahead . 
 it was a man 's voice , `` you 've been told not to leave the compound . 
 come on , you 'll have to explain yourself to dr. phelps . '' 
 collin quietly moved forward . 
 he could see through the trees a young woman and one of gene search 's security people . 
 the man looked vaguely familiar . 
 he was in uniform but he resembled the man that had broken into collin 's office . 
 as he watched , the girl moved forward in front of the guard . 
 they walked until they exited the trees . 
 collin followed and now he could see the compound buildings beyond the tree edge . 
 the guard told the girl , `` go on over to the laboratory building . 
 you know where the office is . '' 
 the girl walked over to the same door collin had entered before . 
 she opened it and the guard followed her in . 
 collin looked around quickly and decided to follow them into the building . 
 he knew the offices were down the animal room hallway and past the elevators . 
 he opened the door and peeked inside to see the guard and the girl continue down the hall and turn right . 
 collin waited , and then he snuck down the hall and peered around the corner . 
 the guard was standing outside the office of the director . 
 the office door was open and collin could hear dr. phelps talking to the girl . 
 `` shelby . 
 i do n't understand why you keep leaving your dorm . 
 i 've explained to you the dangers of catching lyme disease from the ticks in the woods . 
 you are very important to us here at gene search . 
 we want you , we need you to stay healthy . 
 you understand that do n't you ? '' 
 shelby made a response but collin could n't hear what she said . 
 dr. phelps told her , `` i know it is not very exciting at the compound . 
 how about if we arrange a shopping trip to the mall on saturday ? 
 would you like that ? '' 
 again collin could not hear shelby 's response . 
 but it must have been an affirmative because dr. phelps then said , `` good . 
 i want you to be happy here shelby . 
 go tell the others that they can go too if they want . '' 
 shelby exited the office with a big smile and said , `` thank you dr. phelps . '' 
 dr. phelps called out to her , `` go on back to the dorm now shelby . 
 jack tell patricia i need to see her . '' 
 collin was already headed down the hall to exit the building when jack responded , `` yes sir . '' 
 collin hid in the trees and watched shelby and jack exit the laboratory building . 
 she was very happy and practically bounced over to a neighboring building . 
 collin figured that was the dormitory . 
 jack watched her as she went then walked over to the security building . 
 collin guessed he was about to tell ` patricia ' , whoever that was , about the trip to the mall . 
 collin turned and walked back through the forest property to the cathedral . 
 he was tired and itchy by the time he returned to his car . 
 he headed home for a home cooked meal and a bath . 
 he wondered if lily would like to go shopping on saturday . 
 chapter 11 montgomery county has many malls . 
 collin figured the one closest to the gene search compound was the montgomery west mall . 
 it also happened to be the mall that lily like to shop at if she and her girlfriends from work were going out for a day of shopping . 
 lily was surprised when collin asked her if she wanted to go to the mall . 
 `` you want to go to the mall ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 why ? '' 
 `` to shop ? '' 
 `` collin you hate shopping . '' 
 `` well , you like it . '' 
 `` yes , but i usually go with other people who like it . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` lily , i have this really weird case . '' 
 `` a case ! '' 
 `` lily , please listen . 
 do n't be mad . 
 it involves some young women that might be being held against their will . '' 
 `` what ? 
 sit down over here and tell me what you are talking about . '' 
 collin sat down at the table where lily was drinking a cup of coffee and eating some toast . 
 `` is that cinnamon sugar toast ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 here you take this piece . 
 let me get you some coffee . '' 
 lily poured a cup of coffee with cream and sugar and placed it on the table next to collin . 
 collin took a sip of the coffee , `` boy . 
 that 's good . '' 
 `` colly ... '' `` right . 
 this girl ran away and her aunt and uncle hired me to find out what she is doing and if she is alright . 
 then i found another lady whose daughter drove off with the people i told you came and took samples from me while you were at the baby shower . 
 then i found this cathedral and a secure compound . 
 i snuck in and saw the girl that ran away talking to the doc who runs the place . 
 she was bored or something so he told her he was going to send her and the other girls shopping today . '' 
 `` there is a doctor running a secure compound from a cathedral ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the doctor and the compound are next door to the cathedral . 
 i snuck into the compound from the cathedral . 
 it 's a couple of miles through the woods . '' 
 `` and the girls who are bored and going shopping are being held against their will ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i 'm not sure yet . 
 that 's why i want to go to the mall . 
 i want to see if i can ask them that . 
 i think they would talk to a woman more easily than a man . 
 that 's why i was hoping you 'd come too . '' 
 `` is the compound related to those gene search people i got you the phone number for ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i saw a manual in the laboratory that said gene search . '' 
 `` what laboratory ? '' 
 `` the one at the compound . '' 
 `` o.k. o.k. i 'll come with you . 
 it should be pretty easy to pick out a group of bored young women being forced to shop at gun point . '' 
 `` ha , ha . 
 very funny lily . 
 really . 
 thanks for coming . 
 i 'll make it up to you . '' 
 collin drove them to the mall . 
 lily told him they should start at some clothing stores specializing in apparel for young women and then make a pass through the food court . 
 she thought those were the most likely places a group of young women would be found . 
 the first clothing stores were empty . 
 then they saw a group of girls across in another store . 
 they looked kind of young but collin and lily walked over to the store to get a better look . 
 the girls were only in their teens and were rapidly flipping through the t-shirts on the rack . 
 they were laughing and commenting about the clothes . 
 `` too young . 
 lily lets try another store . '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 there are more just down the way . '' 
 collin and lily entered the stream of people walking down the mall . 
 ahead and coming toward them were a group of five young women . 
 collin thought he recognized shelby . 
 `` lily , come here a second . '' 
 collin had turned toward a window display and was pretending to find it interesting . 
 lily joined him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` across the way there . 
 see that bunch ? 
 the one with the really white blonde hair looks like the girl that ran away , shelby . '' 
 `` the one you saw talking to the doctor about being bored ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 ooo . 
 see that guy behind them ? '' 
 `` uh huh . 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` one of the guards from the compound . 
 he looks different ` cause he is n't in uniform , but i 'm sure it 's the guy . '' 
 he did n't tell lily the same man had broken into his office . 
 he did n't want to worry her . 
 the guard sat down on a bench outside the stores . 
 the girls paused to look at him then started giggling and hurriedly entered another clothing store . 
 it looked like the guard had passed out some money to the girls and sent them shopping . 
 `` they sure look happy for women being held against their will . '' 
 `` let 's go in . 
 you can wear these kinds of clothes . 
 i 'll sit inside and you try on clothes . 
 we 'll try to listen to their conversations . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 but i 'm not buying anything in here . 
 i do n't like these hip-hop clothes . '' 
 `` just pretend so we can find out what we can . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 `` o.k. '' collin and lily entered the store . 
 the girls were scattered around the store . 
 collin found a seat near the mirror just outside the changing booths so he could hear the talk around the booths and lily could put on a fashion show for him . 
 he sat there for a bit with nothing to do . 
 then one of the girls asked the store person to let her into a booth . 
 collin was observing her . 
 she looked familiar but she was n't shelby . 
 she went inside the booth . 
 then lily came up and asked for a booth . 
 the store person unlocked one next to the girl . 
 a minute later shelby came up and asked for a booth . 
 as she went inside the girl in the booth next to her called out , `` is that you shel ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 do n't you just love these clothes lindy ? '' 
 collin realized why the first girl looked familiar . 
 she must be linda keller . 
 her mother had given collin a picture of her . 
 lily came out and modeled the outfit she was trying on for collin . 
 `` sweetie ! 
 you look fabulous . '' 
 he was trying not to laugh . 
 these t-shirts and baggy pants just were n't her style . 
 `` i 've got more where that came from . '' 
 lily went back into the changing booth . 
 this time she came out with a t-shirt cut high so her body showed from just below her ample bosom down to the low cut jeans which stopped just before you could get arrested for indecent exposure . 
 collin was delighted . 
 `` oh baby . 
 you really should get those . '' 
 lily laughed and went back into the booth . 
 meanwhile shelby and linda had come out to show each other the outfits they were trying on . 
 as they were discussing them another girl came up . 
 `` hi . 
 you guys are so hot in those jeans . '' 
 shelby replied , `` too bad nobody will see us in them . '' 
 linda said , `` now shel , we promised we would n't get into this . '' 
 the other girl said , `` i 'm going to put mine on . 
 i 've asked permission to see jason again this friday night . '' 
 all three of them went back to the booths . 
 by then the other two girls had also picked out an outfit or two and the changing booths were very busy . 
 lily came out and showed collin a third outfit . 
 this one was a sun dress with no sleeves and wild colors swirled around the dress . 
 as lily was posing for collin a woman walked up to the girls and told them , `` wrap it up girls . 
 let 's go have some lunch . '' 
 the girls grabbed the outfits they wanted and headed for the register . 
 `` o.k. , patty . '' 
 `` are we going to the food court ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` can we stay long enough to see a movie ? '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 we 'll stop by the cinemas on the way to the food court and check out the show times . '' 
 lily bent over and whispered to collin , `` you do n't want me to buy anything do you ? '' 
 `` not unless you want those low cut jeans , baby . '' 
 `` i think not . 
 did n't you see what was written across the back ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 hot babe , was n't it ? 
 `` hmm . '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 you change and we 'll precede them to the food court . '' 
 lily changed back into her clothes and she and collin left the store . 
 they were n't in a hurry . 
 it was going to take a while for the girls to pay for their outfits . 
 the male guard was still sitting on the bench outside the clothing store . 
 collin and lily slowly walked toward the end of the mall where the cinemas and the food court were located . 
 they stopped frequently to look into the store display windows hoping the girls would pass by them . 
 when they saw them approaching collin lead lily into the store they were at . 
 it was a toy store . 
 not a place either of them frequented . 
 they pretended to be interested in the toys displayed near the front of the store . 
 after the girls walked past with their guard and the woman named patty , collin and lily exited the store and followed the group at a distance . 
 when they all arrived at the food court the male guard sat at a group of tables that had been shoved together . 
 he said , `` patty ? 
 will you get me a sub and a soda ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 the food court was very large and it was n't hard to find a place to sit with a support column between them and the girls . 
 collin and lily sat down to decide what to do . 
 `` lily , you think you could go stand next to the blond and get some food ? '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 if you want a burger . '' 
 `` not really but maybe you could talk to her . 
 tell her you noticed her and her friends in the clothing store and ask her what group they are with . '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 you 're going to owe me big time for this one . '' 
 lily quickly got in line behind shelby at the burger stand . 
 after they had been waiting a minute or two for the line to move lily asked her , `` i saw you in the clothing store , did n't i ? '' 
 shelby was quiet at first and glanced toward the tables where the guard was waiting . 
 he was not looking in shelby 's direction . 
 shelby answered , `` yeah . 
 i saw you with your boyfriend . '' 
 lily touched her wedding band as if to remind herself that she was still wearing it . 
 `` oh , you 're married . '' 
 `` yes . 
 he loves to take me shopping so i 'll model the clothes for him . '' 
 shelby giggled , `` that 's sweet . '' 
 `` are you and your friends with a group or something ? 
 i noticed you have a chaperone . '' 
 `` no . 
 we just hired a driver . 
 patty is one of the girl 's sisters . '' 
 `` it must feel really special to have a driver . 
 you know like a movie star or something . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 sort of . '' 
 they got their food and went back to their seats . 
 collin and lily could hear patty at the girl 's table say , `` the movie does n't start until 1:50 so take your time girls . 
 jack will go buy the tickets so we wo n't have to stand in line . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 the girls murmured their affirmatives and kept munching their lunch . 
 they were n't talking very much . 
 collin figured that was because the guard jack and patty were there . 
 he remembered when he followed jack and shelby to the director 's office . 
 the director , dr. phelps , had told jack he wanted to see patricia . 
 collin figured this patty was probably the same person . 
 collin and lily were n't discussing the case . 
 they felt like they were sitting too close and might be overheard . 
 they stretched out their lunch by having ice cream for dessert . 
 while they were licking their cones the girls and jack and patty got up to go to the movies . 
 after they left collin asked lily if shelby had said anything . 
 `` she said they were not part of a group . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she said patty was somebody 's sister and that the guy is a hired driver . '' 
 `` well , last time i saw the guy he was wearing a security uniform and escorting shelby to the director 's office . '' 
 `` i guess they have been given a story to tell outsiders . 
 other than that they seem pretty normal . '' 
 `` i 've got to talk to shelby so i can finalize a report to my clients , her aunt and uncle . '' 
 `` well they are going to the movies . '' 
 `` maybe i can write a note . 
 then you could give it to her . '' 
 `` how am i going to do that ? 
 the movie has already started and the two chaperones will probably be with them . '' 
 `` let me think about that . 
 do you have some paper i can write on ? '' 
 lily looked in her purse and pulled out her day calendar . 
 she ripped off a sheet from the back . 
 `` here . 
 do n't you usually have something to write on ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i keep it in the glove box . '' 
 `` oh . 
 what are you going to say ? '' 
 `` i think i should ask her to meet me . 
 i 'll sneak into the compound from the cathedral side . 
 i guess i 'll give her a day and time . 
 maybe my cell phone number . 
 then she might be able to call me if the day and time are no good . '' 
 lily was looking around the food court while collin was writing the note . 
 `` colly . 
 look . '' 
 collin looked up . 
 patty and jack were sitting down at the food court tables again . 
 jack said to patty , `` are you sure you should n't be in there with them ? '' 
 `` i can see the entrance from here . 
 i 'll get closer when the movie is about to let out . 
 i just ca n't stand those fairytale type movies . 
 true love ! 
 as if that ever happens . '' 
 `` they 're young . 
 they still believe . '' 
 collin took lily 's hand and whispered , `` come on . '' 
 collin and lily slowly walked further into the food court so they could swing wide around patty and jack . 
 they stopped at the front of the cinemas and then bought tickets and went in . 
 they did n't intend on seeing a movie but they needed to see which one of the twelve cinemas was playing the fairytale and they needed tickets to enter . 
 after they got inside they walked down to the right cinema , lily took the note and went inside . 
 collin stayed outside to make sure patty and jack did n't change their minds and come in . 
 lily let her eyes adjust to the darkness . 
 then she stood to the side and looked over the audience as if she was looking for some friends or a seat . 
 she saw the girls on the other side about six rows back from the front . 
 lily walked back down the ramp and then around the back of the cinema and re-entered from the side the girls were on . 
 shelby was sitting third seat in . 
 the first seat was empty and lily sat there . 
 the girl shelby had called lindy was sitting between lily and shelby . 
 lily was n't sure exactly what to do . 
 she did n't want the other girls to know about the note . 
 the movie had just begun so lily sat there watching and considering her options . 
 lily 's chance came when lindy decided to go to the bathroom . 
 after lindy excused her self and practically ran down the ramp , lily reached down to the floor and said to shelby , `` you dropped your ticket . '' 
 shelby looked at lily and recognized her . 
 lily placed the note into shelby 's hand and held her hand for just a moment while their eyes met . 
 lily smiled and then left the cinema . 
 she glanced back at shelby as she was leaving . 
 she saw shelby quickly place the note into her pocket and quickly look back at the movie screen . 
 lily found collin outside the cinema . 
 he asked her , `` how did it go ? '' 
 `` she 's got the note . '' 
 `` lily , you 're wonderful ! '' 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's go home now . '' 
 `` o.k. i just want you to know how wonderful you are . '' 
 `` yes collin . 
 i 'm really glad to help , but i would like to go home . '' 
 they left the cinema being careful to walk away from the food court and patty and jack . 
 chapter 12 sunday after church collin and lily went to lunch with the pastor and his wife . 
 they went out with them once or twice a year . 
 the pastor tried to have lunch after church with the member families so he could keep in touch . 
 afterward lily was tired and wanted to take a nap . 
 collin told her , `` i 'm going to take a trip to visit a laboratory in rockville . '' 
 `` do they know you 're coming ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't expect anyone to be there . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i see . 
 is it dangerous ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 other than getting arrested for trespassing . '' 
 `` well , just do n't get caught . 
 o.k. ? '' 
 `` have a nice nap sweetie . 
 i 'll be back later . '' 
 collin was wearing jeans and a plain t-shirt . 
 he did n't want to wear his black clothes because they would indicate to anyone who might see him that he did n't belong at hgl . 
 this way with his replacement badge he thought he could bluff anyone he might run into so they thought he worked there and was just in on sunday because his experiment required it . 
 he hoped nobody would be there because he had no idea what kind of experiment an employee at hgl would be working on . 
 he had his portable scanner for finding the gps transmitter and some other goodies with him in a small backpack . 
 he drove over to the lab . 
 he drove around the building looking to see if any other cars were there . 
 he was not happy to see a pickup truck parked in the back . 
 he drove out of the parking lot to the building across the street . 
 nobody was parked there so he parked his car and walked over to the back of the hgl building . 
 he put on a national 's baseball cap and pushed his replacement badge into the slot at the door . 
 there was a click and collin pushed the door open . 
 he kept his cap positioned so that the camera at the entrance did not capture his face . 
 he walked in like he had done so everyday for a year . 
 as he walked down the hall the lights blinked on . 
 collin was startled but he did n't hear anything or anyone . 
 after he had walked down the hall a little ways there was a restroom . 
 he went inside . 
 it was empty . 
 now he peeked out the door to see what kind of security was in the hall . 
 there were motion sensors but no cameras . 
 collin figured the motion sensors might be a problem but it could be just to save on the light bill . 
 he would just have to risk it . 
 he pulled his scanner out and turned it on . 
 the device registered one gps transmitter . 
 it was about eighty feet to the left of the restroom and at a lower elevation . 
 collin figured it was down one floor . 
 he could see that the corridor in front of the restroom came to a dead end and branched both left and right only about twenty feet to the left of the restroom . 
 he left the restroom and started down the hall toward the branch . 
 he listened intently while watching the scanner to make sure he was alone and on track . 
 when collin got to the branch in the hall , he stopped and walked a few feet both ways to see if the scanner could help him decide which way to go . 
 there were elevators there but he was wary of using them . 
 he decided to turn right and continued past the elevator . 
 the next branch was his opportunity to turn left and get pointed more toward the gps transmitter . 
 he came upon some stairs . 
 to make sure he did n't get locked into the stairwell he blocked the door with his backpack and walked down one flight . 
 he had no problem opening the door to the lower level so he ran back up and grabbed his pack . 
 collin opened the door on the lower level . 
 this hallway was dark except for the faint glow from the emergency lights and the exit signs . 
 collin entered the hallway and took a head lamp out of the backpack . 
 he turned it on and put it on his head . 
 he studied the scanner to see which direction to go for the gps transmitter . 
 he headed down the dark hall . 
 it looked like a basement . 
 there were some pieces of equipment just pushed over to the side of the hall with plastic covers on them . 
 then some double doors that were labeled trash room . 
 he continued to some doors labeled loading dock . 
 the scanner indicated that the gps transmitter was behind those doors . 
 there was a slot on the wall next to the door . 
 collin tried his badge . 
 the doors swung open into a large room . 
 on the far end of the room was a roll down door which was closed and secured . 
 collin stood in the middle of the room and looked at the scanner . 
 it was indicating that the gps transmitter was very close . 
 he moved toward it . 
 there was a closed door in the wall . 
 collin tried the knob . 
 it was locked . 
 there was no slot for a badge so collin knelt down and got out his lock pick . 
 it only took a moment and he had the door unlocked . 
 inside he saw some shelves to the left . 
 the shelves were filled with boxes of green top tubes and urine cups and styrofoam boxes and all the supplies similar to those terrie had pulled out of her duffle bag at his house . 
 he looked around the rest of the closet . 
 in the back was a short counter . 
 to the right was a pile of duffle bags . 
 his gps transmitter was in one of the bags . 
 he placed the scanner on the counter facing the pile . 
 then he grabbed the bags one at a time and threw them out into the large room . 
 he kept an eye on the scanner . 
 when it showed movement of the gps transmitter he went and opened the bag he had thrown last . 
 after he retrieved the transmitter he threw the bags back into the store room so they looked like they did when he arrived . 
 he stowed his scanner and left the loading dock . 
 collin decided to do some more snooping . 
 he knew the administrative offices were on the third floor where dr. holt 's office and the laboratory were located . 
 collin went back into the staircase and walked up to the third floor . 
 he scanned the hallway before he walked out of the stairwell . 
 the hall lights were coming on again as he passed the motion detectors so he stowed his head lamp . 
 collin remembered that dr. holt did n't have any file cabinets in his office so he decided to break into the office near dr. holt 's that was for the director of operations . 
 the lights in the office also came on when collin entered but he was able to turn them off by pushing the button on the motion detector that had been put in the place of where a light switch would normally be . 
 collin put his head lamp back on . 
 he broke into the file cabinet and started to go through the files . 
 in alphabetical order gene search project was easy to find . 
 collin did n't want to get caught but he wanted to take his time with this file . 
 so he took it to the copier he saw in the administrative assistant area . 
 he had to turn the copier on and wait for it to warm up . 
 he turned off the motion detector for the lights and leafed through the file while he waited . 
 then he heard a voice and squeezed down beside the copier . 
 he reached up and turned it off . 
 then held his breath and listened . 
 `` i do n't know if someone is here or not . 
 maybe dr. holt dropped by . 
 all i know is the lights in the hall are on . '' 
 `` yes , i checked the office to see if it was locked . 
 it is just like always , dr. holt 's office is locked but nobody else 's is . '' 
 `` no . 
 none of the lights are on in the offices . 
 what do you want me to do ? '' 
 it was the same man 's voice every time someone spoke . 
 collin figured out the guy was talking into his cell phone . 
 `` o.k. right . 
 i 'll write it up and check the cameras at the entrances . '' 
 the man left . 
 collin turned the copier back on . 
 he was frantically willing it to hurry up when it made a whirling noise and indicated it was ready . 
 collin grabbed the papers out of the file and shoved them into the copier and hit start . 
 he did n't know if there was a front and back but he set it to copy two sided to two sided anyway . 
 he shoved his copies into his backpack and put the originals into the file folder . 
 he ran over and put the file back into the file cabinet . 
 now he had to get out of there . 
 he was n't sure where the security office might be but he looked at the phone list on the administrative assistant 's desk . 
 security was listed as room 220 and extension 2700 . 
 he hoped that meant the security guard was in that office on the second floor . 
 collin went back to the staircase and down to the first floor . 
 he ran down to the restroom near the exit . 
 he went inside and took off his head lamp . 
 he put on his baseball cap . 
 he decided to drop the replacement badge into the ladies room across the hall . 
 he snuck in and after he wiped it clean of fingerprints dropped it down behind the commode in the first stall . 
 then collin walked slowly to the exit and angling his cap to block his face he walked out of the exit as if nothing was amiss . 
 he walked over to the other building and then looked back to see if there was any action at hgl . 
 all was calm . 
 nobody was to be seen . 
 he got into his car , stowed his cap and slowly exited the parking lot as far away from hgl as possible . 
 he was glad to be on his way home and eager to read the contents of the gene search file . 
 collin entered the house and peeked into the bedroom to see if lily was awake . 
 she was sleeping . 
 he paused to listen to her gentle breathing . 
 then he closed the door and got comfortable on the couch with the copy of the gene search file . 
 it was n't long before collin 's head was swimming . 
 the documents were full of technical terms and incomprehensible statements . 
 the documents were all stamped proposed project across the top . 
 it seemed that gene search had submitted this project to hgl . 
 collin could n't find any place in the document that indicated that hgl had accepted the project or any relationship with gene search except that he had found the file in hgl 's director of operations office . 
 the technical part of the project had one section with the title , `` obstetrical module '' . 
 this section was not as detailed in the genetic sense but did refer to genetically altered embryo and carrier females . 
 the rest of that section talked about selection of the carrier females and protocols for impregnation and monitoring of the pregnancy . 
 collin decided that lily would be the one who could explain and have an expert opinion on this part of the documents . 
 reading it made collin 's skin crawl . 
 he was certain that genetically altering a human embryo was illegal as well as immoral . 
 he could n't help picturing the young ladies he had seen at the mall as participants in this part of the gene search project . 
 would it be worth a million dollars to have your body used this way ? 
 he wondered how much the girls had been told . 
 he wondered if george holt was involved . 
 chapter 13 saturday , three weeks after the trip to the mall , collin was pushing his way through the brush behind the cathedral again . 
 shelby had called his cell phone a few days before . 
 they had made arrangements to meet inside the woods near the dormitory . 
 shelby was worried about her friend ellen . 
 she had asked permission to go on a date with her boyfriend jason and had not returned to the dormitory . 
 plus dr. phelps who was the director of the gene search project had a meeting with the girls and told them it was almost time to start the second phase of the project . 
 he implied that the girls would be moving from their dorm rooms . 
 in fact they would be moving to a tropical island . 
 collin was surprised by the thought of the girls being taken out of the country but it made sense . 
 in a foreign country the girls would be easier to control and the laws about genetically altering human embryos might not be so stringent or at least not vigorously enforced against an american company that appeared legitimate on the surface . 
 collin had gotten through the thickest part of the brush and was hurrying to make his rendezvous before shelby got caught outside the dormitory again . 
 as he approached the edge of the woods he saw a guard walking slowly past on the inside of the compound near the tree line . 
 collin continued to watch the guard from his hiding spot inside the trees . 
 as the figure of the guard retreated away from him and the dormitory , collin saw shelby come out from the side of the dormitory and run toward the woods . 
 he watched her and looked around to see if she we being observed by anyone else . 
 she entered the woods and ducked down behind a fallen tree stump . 
 she was looking back to see if she were being followed . 
 it did not appear that she had been . 
 shelby looked around the area of the woods near the tree stump where she was hiding . 
 as she looked in collin 's direction he gave a slow wave . 
 she was visibly startled then she moved toward him keeping low and walking carefully to be as quiet as possible . 
 collin joined her and they carefully walked side by side further into the woods and away from the dorm . 
 when they were what they hoped was a safe distance collin found an area with a large fallen tree where they both sat -lrb- after collin checked for snakes -rrb- . 
 hoping their voices would n't carry through the trees collin quietly asked shelby if she were indeed shelby radcliff . 
 shelby said , `` yes . 
 how do you know my name ? '' 
 collin answered , `` your aunt and uncle , the maxwells , hired me to find out if you were alright . '' 
 `` marvin and maggie maxwell ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` they are n't actually my aunt and uncle , though they might describe themselves that way . 
 they are members of my mom 's church and they share the holidays with us as i have n't got a father and they have n't any children . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 my dad died when i was little . 
 do you mind if i ask what happened to yours ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 my mom wo n't talk about him and i do n't know of any other relatives to ask . '' 
 `` well . 
 they hired me , as i said , to find out if you were alright . 
 they said you ran away from home but your mother would n't agree to have someone look for you . '' 
 `` that 's silly ! 
 i call my mom all the time . 
 she and i discussed my joining gene search before i did so . 
 she does n't have the money to give me for a good college so we thought this would be a way to achieve that goal . '' 
 `` maybe she did n't tell them all of that . 
 in any case i guess they were worried . 
 by the way did your friend ellen come back ? '' 
 `` no . 
 dr. phelps says she is already at the island where we all are going soon . '' 
 `` look , i 'm a little concerned for you girls . 
 do you know what the second phase of the project entails ? '' 
 shelby blushed . 
 then she replied , `` we all get pregnant . '' 
 `` pregnant ? '' 
 `` yeah , the whole idea is to help out these families that have genetic defects that run in their families and so their children would have the defects if they got pregnant the real way . 
 the babies are n't really ours either . 
 they take the parent 's dna and fix it so the defect is gone . 
 then we get , you know , implanted and when the baby is born they get the baby and we get the million bucks and go back to our normal lives . 
 it will require that i give up over a year of my life to the project but then i 'll have enough money to go to college and get my life started . '' 
 collin could see the appeal of the project as shelby described it . 
 he asked her , `` so you are willing to go through with the project ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` could i get you to keep me informed of where you are going and what is happening , just in case ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't want to get in trouble and risk getting bumped from the project and besides , i do n't know where we are going . '' 
 `` could i get you to carry this little device with you ? 
 it is a global positioning device that will let me track your whereabouts by satellite uplink . '' 
 `` i guess , as long as nobody knows about it . '' 
 `` nobody will know but me . 
 i would just like to know where you all go , just in case . 
 you 'll also have my phone number if you get a chance to call me , right ? '' 
 `` o.k. , but please do n't tell the maxwells that i 've left the country . 
 just tell them you found me and i 'm o.k. alright ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i can do that . '' 
 `` i better get back now . 
 it will be time for aerobics . 
 we all want to stay in good shape for the duration . '' 
 `` o.k. , i 'll walk with you back to the edge of the woods . '' 
 collin and shelby quietly walked back to the edge of the woods . 
 no guards were in sight as shelby walked quickly to the dormitory . 
 as shelby described the gene search project it did n't sound so horrible . 
 not like when he read the proposal about the genetically altered embryos and carrier females . 
 it was the same idea , it just sounded better when she said it . 
 collin pondered all of this as he walked back to his car parked at the cathedral . 
 in the three weeks since the trip to the mall lily had been very busy at work . 
 collin had wanted to have her look at the gene search proposal but she had not been in a good mood so he had not shown it to her . 
 now he figured he probably would n't . 
 with the project moving out of the country and shelby 's description of her involvement collin figured his assignment was coming to an end . 
 he would write up a conclusion for the maxwells leaving out the details of the gene search project and that shelby was taking a trip out of the usa . 
 then he 'd get paid for the second time in less than two months ! 
 chapter 14 collin was sitting in his office playing with his pencil . 
 the trip to the maxwells had been short . 
 they were not happy that he was keeping the details of what their niece was doing confidential . 
 they were not convinced that she was really taking part in what ever gene search was voluntarily . 
 but collin would n't tell them any more so they paid him and he left . 
 that was in may . 
 now it was the beginning of june and he was in his office willing the phone to please ring with another job for him . 
 he jumped with surprise when it did ring . 
 `` hey buddy , '' said donnie . 
 `` hey , '' replied collin . 
 `` you have n't read your e-mail today , have you ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 what 's in it ? '' 
 `` i sent you the latest on the green camaro homicide . '' 
 `` great . 
 you guys catch somebody ? '' 
 `` nah . 
 autopsy report is back . 
 the guy had some unusual leaves in his stomach contents . 
 angel trumpet . '' 
 `` are you saying he did n't die in the accident ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he did die in the accident but the plant probably made him unable to drive safely due to hallucinations . '' 
 `` so , did he hallucinate and run himself into the center divide or did he actually get pushed into the wall ? '' 
 `` he got pushed into the wall . 
 but maybe it was n't on purpose like we thought . '' 
 `` so , did he eat the plant himself or was he poisoned ? '' 
 `` hard to say . '' 
 `` you 're not looking for the owner of the bmw ? '' 
 `` we 'd still like to find him . 
 he should n't have left the scene . '' 
 `` what does that trumpet plant look like ? '' 
 `` i included a picture in the e-mail . 
 keep in touch . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 collin logged onto his computer and opened donnie 's e-mail . 
 it said pretty much the same thing they had discussed and there was a picture and a small write up about the angel trumpet . 
 it has large yellow trumpet shaped flowers and it only grows in warm climates as far north as florida . 
 collin was left wondering where mrs. holt 's lover would have found it . 
 it was of course possible that someone was growing it indoors as a house plant . 
 maybe even the now dead lover of mrs. holt . 
 he guessed donnie would have told him that though . 
 collin was concerned that he was n't getting any work . 
 he called the a-1 detective agency in rockville . 
 he was hoping they might have something for him . 
 the receptionist passed him through to the extension of the coordinator who categorized and prioritized the assignments for the agency . 
 rachel ward did n't pick up her phone . 
 he left her a short message and reminded her of his phone number . 
 then he called the deli and ordered lunch . 
 lily was pressing him to go on vacation . 
 because of the cases he had recently they had plenty of money for a nice vacation . 
 not knowing when his next case would come just made him nervous . 
 abigail arrived with his lunch . 
 `` hi , mister carter . '' 
 `` hello abigail , '' collin paid her for the sandwich . 
 `` how are the vacation plans going ? 
 did your wife decide where she wants to go ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she is still trying to decide on cold or hot . 
 she loves the beaches but june is a good time to go north , like alaska or canada . '' 
 `` what is your favorite ? '' 
 `` i do n't mind either as long as there is something to do . 
 i 'm not much for inactivity . '' 
 `` i 'd love to go away and do nothing for a while . 
 just do n't let it be raining or nasty weather . 
 remember this is hurricane season . 
 see ya . '' 
 `` bye . 
 tell your dad i said hello . '' 
 collin thought about what abigail had said . 
 he remembered shelby radcliff saying the girls were going to a tropical island . 
 he had been concerned for them and their safety from the gene search people but not from hurricanes . 
 now he was wondering where they had gone and if any bad weather was headed their way . 
 he took a big bite of the pickle that came with his lunch and turned on his computer . 
 after inputting his request the computer displayed a world map to collin with an arrow showing the location of the gps transmitter shelby had agreed to take with her in the southern pacific ocean . 
 well , that would mean the girls were safe from hurricanes . 
 in the pacific such storms are called cyclones ! 
 the device was located in the cook islands . 
 collin asked the computer for weather information for the islands . 
 the weather map of the islands showed the weather to be calm . 
 the web site indicated that the weather was great most of the time even during cyclone season which is from december to april . 
 it quickly passed through his mind that maybe lily would consider this as a vacation destination . 
 he would love the chance to check up on the girls and gene search . 
 he decided to call lily and see how her plans were developing . 
 `` hi sweetie . '' 
 `` hi to you too . 
 any calls about work ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but that is a good thing . 
 right ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well with you wanting to go on vacation and all . '' 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 `` how are your plans coming ? '' 
 `` i 've decided on beaches . 
 i just want to avoid expensive tourist trap type places . '' 
 this was too good to be true . 
 lily was leaving collin an opening to suggest the cook islands . 
 he had to be careful though . 
 if she knew it had to do with work , even though nobody was paying him for checking on the girls , lily would be angry with him . 
 `` i have a wild idea . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't like it already . '' 
 `` it was just something i saw on the internet . 
 i do n't even know if you could do it . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 what place are we talking about ? '' 
 `` have you ever heard of the cook islands ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have n't . 
 where are they ? '' 
 `` out in the pacific . 
 they belong to new zealand . '' 
 `` collin you never cease to amaze me . 
 first you do n't want to go on vacation . 
 now you know just where you want to go . '' 
 `` it 's just because it is an unusual place to go . 
 we do n't have to go there . 
 in fact there might not be much to do . '' 
 `` beaches ? 
 nothing to do ? 
 sounds good to me . 
 i 'll see what i can find out . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 you really think you can get it together before july when all the other nurses have scheduled vacation ? '' 
 `` you know i love a challenge and i love you too , collin . '' 
 `` same here , sweetie . 
 see you for dinner . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 collin thought the chances were good that lily could get the vacation plans in place . 
 he was now excited to go . 
 he was already making plans in his head for how he would find shelby and the girls . 
 then he realized that if everyone had moved to the pacific the rockville compound might be empty . 
 this would be an opportunity to do a more thorough search of the compound . 
 it might give him a better understanding of gene search 's goals if he could get inside all of the buildings . 
 there were several hours left before he needed to be home for dinner . 
 he locked up the office and walked to his car . 
 chapter 15 collin drove up to the gate at the gene search compound . 
 everything looked the same as before . 
 he was hoping to gain entrance here rather than through the woods . 
 crossing through the woods took hours . 
 he decided he would take a direct approach and pulled up to the gate . 
 there was a button on an intercom so he pushed it . 
 a voice answered , `` may i help you ? '' 
 `` i have a delivery for dr. phelps , '' collin lied . 
 `` he is not here . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 why would they ask me to deliver something to him if he was n't here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know honey , but nobody is here . 
 they packed up and left weeks ago . '' 
 `` do you know dr. holt from the lab ? '' 
 `` you mean hgl ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he is the one asked me to drop this envelope off . 
 can you let me in so i can do that ? '' 
 `` well o.k. . 
 you know where the office is ? '' 
 `` yes , i 've been here before . '' 
 collin drove in as soon as the gate opened . 
 he drove up the hill and slowly made his way to the building he had entered before from the back . 
 this time a woman was standing out front waiting for him . 
 he parked near the front door and smiled at her . 
 `` hi there . 
 i 've got the keys . '' 
 collin got out of his car and approached the woman . 
 `` hi , my name is larry . '' 
 `` well larry , i 'm doreen . 
 nice to meet cha . '' 
 `` thanks for letting me in . '' 
 `` larry , you forget something ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you said you had an envelope ? '' 
 `` oh , right ! '' 
 collin reached back into the car and grabbed a large manila envelope that he had shoved some blank papers into as a ruse . 
 `` here it is . '' 
 collin was hoping doreen did n't want a look inside . 
 `` can i leave the keys with you , larry ? 
 it 's time for my break . 
 i always watch my soaps during my break . '' 
 `` oh . 
 sure . 
 i 'll come find you when i 'm done . 
 i would like to take a break myself . '' 
 `` use the john on the second floor . 
 they 're nicer . 
 at least the ladies room is . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 doreen hurried back to the office where her soap operas were on . 
 collin unlocked the door and let himself in . 
 he looked at the key ring doreen had given him . 
 it appeared to be a set of master keys . 
 he opened the door and looked back to see if doreen was out of site . 
 then he went to the car and pulled a tool box out from under the passenger seat . 
 he kept a variety of things in this box including a block of special clay for making impressions of keys . 
 he grabbed the clay and took it into the building with him . 
 as he walked into the building he found the elevators and decided to start at the top . 
 he pushed the button for the third floor . 
 in the elevator he worked on getting the impressions for the keys on the ring . 
 he was finishing the second key when the elevator stopped and he got out on the third floor . 
 he made the impression for the last key and put the clay away and started looking around . 
 the third floor had bathrooms , a cafeteria with a kitchen and a library with overstuffed comfortable chairs . 
 everything was clean and tidy ; no food had been left in the kitchen . 
 the library still had some scientific magazines and a computer terminal so it did appear as if the folks that worked here would be back at sometime . 
 collin took the elevator down to the second floor which was actually the ground floor . 
 the reception area and a locker room were all he found there . 
 he took the elevator down to the bottom for a quick look to confirm that it was as before . 
 then he took the keys back to doreen . 
 she was enthralled by the tv and the drama being shown so she did n't even look up . 
 `` put the keys there on the desk . 
 thanks . '' 
 collin did as he was told and left . 
 he decided to go home and make a set of keys from the impressions . 
 by the time he was done lily would be home from work . 
 maybe while dinner was cooking he could massage her feet and see if he could get her to relax a little . 
 she had been in a grouchy mood since the mall visit . 
 but she had not mentioned anything specific that was bothering her . 
 it was unusual for her to be preoccupied and now it had been several weeks . 
 chapter 16 collin had finished making the keys and then started concentrating on lily 's pending arrival . 
 he straightened the living room and set out the colorful flowers he had picked up on the way home . 
 he knew he could n't make dinner up to lily 's standards but she did always tell him he was great at grilling . 
 so he cleaned up the grill and got it ready . 
 he tossed a salad and put it in the fridge . 
 when he heard lily coming in the door he nervously stood in the middle of the living room not wanting to rush her but wanting her to know he was ready for her entrance . 
 the door opened and she came in . 
 lily looked up after closing the door and collin could see she had been crying . 
 he ran up to her and asked , `` sweetie . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 collin . 
 i did n't know you were here . '' 
 `` lily , have you been crying ? 
 please come sit with me and tell me what is going on . '' 
 they sat on the couch . 
 collin put his arms around lily and kissed her gently on her forehead . 
 `` why are you home collin ? '' 
 `` i am making a surprise dinner for you ! '' 
 `` you did n't have to do that . 
 it 's not a special occasion or anything . '' 
 `` lily , what 's wrong ? 
 you have been a little sad for sometime now . 
 did i do something to make you unhappy ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's so awful . 
 i just could n't talk about it . 
 then i was thinking about it all the way home today . 
 a few weeks ago a woman came in to deliver her baby . 
 you know sometimes it does n't go well . 
 things happen . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 but you have always been able to deal with it . 
 was the baby a stillborn ? '' 
 `` no . 
 oh , collin . 
 the baby was born with no eyes ! '' 
 `` oh my . '' 
 `` and it was worse because the woman kept saying all through labor that her baby was going to have beautiful eyes . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 she was in labor for ten hours and off and on through the time she would say that . 
 at one point she said ` they ' had promised her a boy with blue eyes . '' 
 `` they ? 
 who is they ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 and she and her husband both had brown eyes . 
 it would n't be normal to expect their baby to have blue eyes . 
 then when the baby was born she excitedly asked about the baby 's eyes . '' 
 `` and the baby did n't have any eyes ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he did n't . 
 it was awful . 
 she demanded to see her baby 's eyes . 
 when she saw she started screaming . 
 i ca n't get those screams out of my head . 
 she kept saying it was n't possible . 
 that ` they ' had promised her . 
 and she was so upset . '' 
 `` wow , that is just horrible . 
 i 'm so glad you told me . 
 i was feeling at a loss on how to help you . 
 i thought it was my fault . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have told you but it was just so awful . 
 i feel better now that we have talked . 
 did you say you were making dinner ? 
 and look . 
 did you bring me those pretty flowers ? '' 
 `` i did ! 
 i 'll put the food on the grill and be right back . 
 maybe you 'll let me massage your tired footsies ? '' 
 `` that would be wonderful . 
 i 'll go change my clothes . 
 do i have time for a shower ? '' 
 `` yes , certainly . '' 
 lily went to change her clothes and take a relaxing shower . 
 collin was putting the chicken on the grill . 
 he would wait a bit before he put the vegetables on . 
 while he stood at the grill he was thinking about what lily had said . 
 he wondered if he was going too far but could the ` they ' the woman had referred to be some group messing around with genetic manipulation ? 
 some group that could ` fix it ' so brown eyed parents could have blue eyed children ? 
 some group like gene search ? 
 if so it sounded like the experiment went horribly wrong . 
 it made him curious and worried him about shelby and the other girls . 
 he was becoming anxious about his upcoming trip to the islands . 
 chapter 17 lily was very challenged by collin 's request that they spend their vacation in the cook islands . 
 air new zealand flew there directly from los angeles . 
 but only on sundays and it was expensive . 
 but collin had told her it would be a challenge . 
 so she was continuing her search to find a way to get there before july . 
 several of the other nurses she worked with had already scheduled vacations in the middle and end of july so she needed to get her plans in place . 
 lucky for her the airline only required a two day notice . 
 she was encouraged when she found a blog on the internet written by people living on rarotonga , the main island in the cook islands . 
 along with their comments there were pictures . 
 such pictures - the place was gorgeous . 
 a few buildings nestled into a jungle of palm trees surrounded by white sand beaches , the deep blue sea and a brilliant sky of blue as well . 
 every time she got frustrated about the trip she went back to the blog and gazed at the perfection displayed in the photos . 
 it was the saturday after she had told collin about the baby born without eyes that she found it - an offer on e-bay from a couple in rarotonga who needed to come to washington d.c. . 
 they had been looking for two months but had not had any offers . 
 they needed to be near washington d.c. for the last two weeks of june and the first week of july . 
 their family was from washington d.c. and there was going to be a family reunion they desperately wanted to attend . 
 lily could think of all kinds of reasons that a house swap with strangers would lead to disaster . 
 but it also sounded exciting and fun . 
 it would decrease the cost of the trip to just the airfare and incidentals . 
 certainly collin would not mind if they extended their stay for three weeks instead of two . 
 the hospital would give lily the time she wanted . 
 lily entered the townhome as a possible swap and waited a couple of minutes for a response . 
 one did n't come right away so she logged off . 
 she could hardly wait to tell collin . 
 he was n't home . 
 he was off snooping again . 
 he did n't have a new case but he was continuing to look into the place where the young ladies lily had seen at the mall had been staying . 
 lily was n't sure why he was working on that case with no pay but it was keeping him busy . 
 collin went to the cathedral near the gene search compound early saturday morning . 
 he was hoping the compound would be deserted and he could spend the day looking for any information about the cook island location . 
 when he and lily got to rarotonga he could use his gps software to find the girls but any information he could find ahead of time would help . 
 he was tired and scratched up by the time he got through the woods to the compound . 
 he looked around . 
 no cars were parked near the lab building or the security building he had been to before . 
 he decided to look at the other buildings on the compound . 
 near security on the opposite side from the lab building was a building he thought might be a dormitory . 
 he could see two other buildings beyond that . 
 he crept over to the furthest building and peaked in a window . 
 he saw a garage with lots of tools . 
 most likely this was a vehicle maintenance building . 
 he tried the keys he had made from the impressions of doreen 's keys . 
 the fourth key turned the deadbolt and he got inside . 
 collin walked through the deserted garage to the office behind it . 
 nothing here looked of interest to him . 
 past the office was a short hall with a bathroom and a set of stairs . 
 he quietly made his way up the stairs . 
 at the top were a sloppy storage room and a messy room with a bed and dresser . 
 collin wondered why the gene search people had a live-in mechanic . 
 he reminded himself that they were security conscious . 
 collin was also wondering if the gene search people would have flown the mechanic with them . 
 did that make sense ? 
 collin looked out the window of the bedroom and saw a man approaching from behind the garage . 
 collin quickly departed the premises . 
 he was curious as to why the mechanic had been behind the garage so he slipped around the building to the tree line and walked back away from the compound . 
 he soon discovered that there was a back entrance . 
 there was a parking lot and a road . 
 the area was fenced and the entrance was gated . 
 there was a pick up truck in the parking lot . 
 collin figured it must belong to the mechanic . 
 at the far side of the parking lot was a dumpster . 
 collin walked over to see if anything of interest might be inside . 
 it was empty . 
 collin walked back along the tree line past the garage and while keeping an eye out for the mechanic he approached the last building other than the dormitory . 
 one of his self-made keys let him in . 
 what he found inside gave him shivers . 
 it was an operating room . 
 the center of the ceiling had large movable lights and there was an operating table below them . 
 to the side were movable stainless steel tables . 
 he found supplies in the rooms around the operating room and a set of sinks where a surgeon would scrub . 
 in the back was a set of three hospital rooms and a room with bassinets in it . 
 there was an area with a desk and phone that looked like a nurses ' station . 
 there was also a small room with a microscope , a refrigerator and an incubator on the counter . 
 collin opened the incubator . 
 he was relieved to find it empty . 
 collin left the medical building and entered the dorm . 
 there was an office on the first floor just off a reception area . 
 the rest of the first floor contained a room with comfortable chairs and a tv . 
 there were rolled up exercise mats against one wall . 
 beside the tv room was a kitchen and dining room . 
 he found the elevator and took it to the second floor . 
 here were the dorm rooms where the girls must have been living . 
 he carefully searched looking for any clue about the girls ' trip to the cook islands . 
 all the closets and dressers were empty and the beds had no sheets or blankets on them . 
 he ran his hand between the mattresses to see if anything was hidden there . 
 he failed to find anything under the mattresses but to his delight as he was reaching under one of the mattresses he spotted a corner of an envelope poking out from the back of the night stand near that bed . 
 he pulled the night stand out and picked up the envelope . 
 it was sealed and addressed to a person he did not know . 
 he opened the letter . 
 it was two pages long and signed : love , ellen . 
 collin remembered that ellen was the name of the girl that shelby told him had been sent to the tropical island early . 
 collin stuffed the letter back into the envelope and into his shirt . 
 then he pushed the night stand back against the wall . 
 collin left the gene search compound and made his way back to the cathedral . 
 it was time to go home and see how lily was doing with the vacation plans . 
 it was more important than ever that he get to rarotonga . 
 he hoped time was n't running out for the girls . 
 ellen had written in her letter that she would be home soon . 
 that she was not going to be included in the rest of the gene search project and would not be receiving the money she had been hoping for . 
 she was discovered to be pregnant when the girls were given a final screening before moving on to the next step in the project and disqualified . 
 this information contradicted what shelby radcliff had said . 
 plus the letter had never been delivered . 
 collin wondered what had really happened to ellen . 
 part 2 chapter 18 collin and lily were at the airport waiting for their plane to come and take them away on their three week vacation in paradise . 
 they had arrived two hours before the flight was due to depart as suggested by the airline . 
 security had been light and they were through and at their gate with an hour and a half to go . 
 lily was so excited she was chattering about the house where they were going to be staying and about a brochure she had gotten about rarotonga . 
 `` collin , this is so beautiful ! 
 oh , look at this ! 
 the water is so blue . 
 have you ever seen such an abundance of sunshine ? 
 collin you are the most wonderful man in the world to have suggested this place . '' 
 she paused long enough to give him a great big hug and a loud kiss on the cheek . 
 collin smiled and responded , `` lily you make me excited and happy just being with you . 
 i love you so much ! 
 where is that picture of the water ? '' 
 `` collin you 're so sweet . 
 here . '' 
 she handed him the brochure , `` the house we 're staying in , the wrights , you remember , the people we 're switching with ? 
 they told me it is on the water . 
 i 'm going to get a tan and relax every bit of me ! 
 no thinking about work or cares of any kind . 
 just sunshine and tropical breezes . '' 
 at the mention of mr. and mrs. wright collin remembered how surprised he had been when lily told him about the deal to switch homes . 
 collin had some very expensive equipment in the second bedroom and his photography supplies and printer . 
 he did n't want anyone to mess with his stuff . 
 lily had explained this to the wrights who had agreed to allow collin to lock that room during the switch . 
 they were obviously getting the shallower end of the exchange but collin threw in some theater tickets to a show at the lyric in baltimore and his season tickets to the nationals ballpark . 
 collin and his friend on the virginia state police went together to buy full season tickets each year . 
 they purchased two seats and frequently went to the games together . 
 other times they gave their tickets to other friends . 
 home dugout box seats sold out fast and cost almost $ 4,000 . 
 collin had to beg donnie to let him have both seats for all the home games during the time he and lily would be in the south pacific . 
 collin would be buying the beer and hotdogs for the rest of the season . 
 but , it had sealed the deal . 
 mr. wright was a big baseball fan . 
 collin 's thoughts wandered to shelby and the other girls . 
 he was concerned about the letter he had found in the dorm room at the gene search compound . 
 was ellen alright ? 
 were the other girls in trouble ? 
 the gps transmitter he had sent with shelby was still working . 
 would it lead him to them ? 
 would it be in time ? 
 `` collin ? 
 what are you daydreaming about ? '' 
 `` huh . 
 uh , you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 lily said suspiciously . 
 `` yeah , '' collin whispered into her ear , `` you me and the beach and the moonlight and nobody around and ... you know . '' 
 he nibbled on her earlobe . 
 `` collin , '' she was also whispering and giggling , `` stop , people are watching . 
 you manly man you . '' 
 she slipped her hand into one of his and cuddled her head down into his shoulder . 
 collin put his chin on top of her head . 
 there was no man luckier than he . 
 this trip was just what they needed - time together to enjoy each other . 
 he was going to have to be very careful when he snuck off to check on shelby and the girls that lily did n't find out ! 
 `` attention passengers on today 's flight to rarotonga in the cook islands by way of los angeles . 
 your plane has arrived at the gate . 
 we will be deplaning the arriving passengers and then preparing the plane for you . 
 give us about fifteen or twenty minutes and we 'll begin boarding your flight to paradise . 
 again , we will be boarding flight 479 for rarotonga in the cook islands by way of los angeles in about fifteen to twenty minutes . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` paradise , collin , paradise . '' 
 `` you bet , sweetie - just for us . '' 
 lily jumped up . 
 `` i 'll be right back . 
 it is a long flight to la and i think i should visit the ladies room . '' 
 `` do n't take too long . 
 i would n't want to be in paradise without you ! '' 
 `` you wo n't . 
 i 'll be right back ! '' 
 lily hurried down the hall between the waiting areas to find the restroom . 
 collin pulled out his blackberry and logged on to his software application to find the location of the gps transmitter he left with shelby . 
 when the display opened the dot was still blinking in the cook islands . 
 he hoped he would n't loose the signal when they got there . 
 the gps information was from a satellite link and should still be available to him there but he could n't be certain until he tried it . 
 if it did n't work the wright 's had internet access - even paradise had modern technology . 
 lily came rushing back to the gate where collin was waiting . 
 he had put his blackberry away just in time to keep her from seeing it . 
 `` attention passengers . 
 flight 479 to rarotonga in the cook islands by way of los angeles is now boarding . '' 
 `` collin . 
 it 's time to board . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 `` all passengers come to the gate at this time . '' 
 `` collin , that 's us . '' 
 `` o.k. , lily . 
 here we go . '' 
 collin grabbed their carry on luggage and walked over to the gate with lily following closely behind holding their boarding passes . 
 when lily found the couple on rarotonga who wanted to switch homes she had splurged on the airfare and booked first class tickets . 
 they would be in comfort and luxury starting now and for the next three weeks . 
 chapter 19 lily was asleep . 
 they had arrived in rarotonga at seven a.m. monday after flying all night . 
 they had napped on the plane but lily was very tired anyway . 
 the home they were living in was modest in size but right on the beach in paradise . 
 lily had gone to bed right after the taxi from the airport dropped them off . 
 collin was sitting on the porch staring at the water before him . 
 he checked out his blackberry . 
 he found the location of shelby 's gps transmitter . 
 he was happy to discover that it was on rarotonga and not a neighboring island . 
 he was unhappy to discover that it was inland through jungle and mountains . 
 the brochure about the islands mentioned tours of the inland parts of rarotonga . 
 collin was hoping to talk to one of the tour guides and see if he could arrange his own off the books tour . 
 tomorrow would be soon enough . 
 he lay back in the lounge chair and with the gentle ocean breeze helping him to relax , he fell sound asleep . 
 hours later lily woke collin with a gentle caress . 
 she was wearing a flowing brightly colored swim suit wrap over her bikini . 
 collin smiled as he reached for her . 
 after a snuggle , lily suggested to collin that he change into his swim suit and join her on the beach for a dip in the crystal blue water . 
 he was so pleased to see her truly happy and relaxed . 
 `` i 'll be right back , sweetie . 
 you are so lovely and i love you so much . '' 
 `` i love you too collin . 
 go change , i want to see how the water is . '' 
 it only took collin a couple of minutes to change and return to the porch . 
 lily had removed her wrap and started toward the water . 
 he ran after her and as he was catching up she laughed and also started to run . 
 they met in the water and embraced . 
 lily swam out into the water to get wet . 
 collin swam after her enjoying the sunshine , the water and being with lily in such a romantic place . 
 there were small colorful fish in the shallow water that dispersed in a flash as the couple swam . 
 the sand was soft and white . 
 they returned to the beach and walked past the driftwood to the porch and the sun loungers . 
 they rinsed the salt off in the shower next to the porch and then lay in the sun for a bit to dry off . 
 collin reached over and touched lily 's hand . 
 they both got up and walked inside . 
 a bit later , lily left collin snoozing in the bedroom and took inventory of the foodstuffs in the kitchen . 
 the wright 's had left them a variety of dried and canned goods , but there was no fresh produce . 
 she was going to have to go to avarua and find a market so she could stock up for the next three weeks . 
 but that could wait until tomorrow . 
 today they would be happy with some canned ham and dried fruit . 
 she put the ham in a large pot with water and brought it to a boil . 
 she turned down the heat to simmer and added from the spice rack : powdered garlic , 6 bay leaves , a teaspoon full of peppercorns and some dried onions . 
 it would take a couple of hours but that canned ham would be wonderful served over some noodles . 
 the dried fruit would be o.k. for an appetizer or dessert depending on whether collin woke up before or after the ham was done . 
 lily was reading a book when collin came out of the bedroom asking , `` what smells so good ? '' 
 `` dinner will be ready in half an hour . '' 
 `` great , o.k. if i shower ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 after collin showered and dressed he returned to the main living area . 
 lily had set the table and poured some wine . 
 collin came and sat down with her at the table . 
 they sipped the wine and nibbled on the dried fruit and some nuts lily got from the pantry . 
 collin asked lily , `` what did you find to make for dinner ? '' 
 `` it is a canned ham over noodles . '' 
 `` canned ham ? '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i added some spices to make it taste good . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you did . 
 you are an extremely wonderful cook ! '' 
 `` it 's done by now . 
 let me drain the noodles and we 'll eat . '' 
 lily brought the food to the table . 
 they ate in silence for a few minutes . 
 they had not eaten all day and were starving . 
 lily broke the silence , `` i 'll be going to the market tomorrow . 
 so we 'll have a better variety of food for the rest of our stay . '' 
 `` if you do n't mind i 'd like to go to town and talk to the people at the resort about maybe taking in a round of golf . '' 
 `` that 's ok as long as you 're not gone all day every day . 
 you know i do n't enjoy golfing . '' 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 chapter 20 collin and lily took a taxi into avarua . 
 lily stopped at the market while the taxi driver took collin to the resort with a nine hole golf course . 
 collin found the tour guide at the resort . 
 the man was a well dressed native . 
 he was short like collin but not as thin . 
 collin was n't sure how to explain what he wanted . 
 the guide was wearing a name badge inscribed with : charlie . 
 `` hello , uh charlie , '' said collin . 
 `` hello , '' charlie answered with a british accent . 
 `` charlie , i need , hmm , want to go inland . '' 
 `` on a tour ? '' 
 `` hmm , not exactly . '' 
 charlie leaned close to collin and whispered , `` no marijuana on this island , mate . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 i never . 
 let me start over . '' 
 `` o.k. '' `` there is a place , possibly a clinic , located inland . '' 
 `` i do n't know of any inland clinic . 
 there are some very private estates inland as well as a lot of banana trees . '' 
 `` i have the gps location . 
 do you think you and i could take a hike and see what is there ? '' 
 `` how much would that be worth to you ? 
 in new zealand dollars , that is . '' 
 collin showed him two one hundred dollar new zealand notes . 
 charlie told him , `` how about tomorrow ? 
 it 's better to start early and avoid the heat . '' 
 collin agreed . 
 he would meet charlie at six a.m. and the search would begin . 
 collin was worried about the girls . 
 the island was very mountainous and it would be difficult to escape on their own if they wanted to leave dr. phelps and his guards . 
 lily found collin at the resort . 
 `` this is a nice place . '' 
 `` hi lily . 
 yes , it is very nice . '' 
 collin made sure he was far away from charlie and continued , `` i 'm going to golf here tomorrow . 
 if that 's o.k. with you . '' 
 `` that will be fine . 
 i found a woman named carol from new zealand at the market . 
 she invited me to visit the museum and have tea with her and her lady friends tomorrow . '' 
 `` tomorrow is set then . 
 did you find all the fruits and vegetables you wanted at the market ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 they will deliver the groceries this afternoon . 
 are you ready for the circle tour ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 the pick up area is right outside . '' 
 collin and lily walked out to the gathering spot for tourists taking the circle tour around rarotonga . 
 collin was surprised at the number of tourists visiting the island . 
 he found out later that this was the busy season for people from australia and new zealand to vacation in the cook islands . 
 he and lily joined the others for the four hour tour . 
 the tour was one of the activities lily had planned ahead of time to give their vacation a starting point . 
 about three hours into the tour collin and lily were standing with their tour group looking at a volcanic outcropping in a beautiful lagoon . 
 the area is called black rock and according to ancient maori beliefs , the souls of the dead leave rarotonga from the outcropping to go to the afterlife . 
 collin thought he saw a familiar face at a fruit stand . 
 it looked like patricia from the gene search compound . 
 but when he looked again she was n't there . 
 he looked at the rest of the people on the beach . 
 he did n't see anyone else that looked familiar . 
 the tour ended back in avarua just in time for dinner at a nice restaurant near the resort . 
 after dinner lily and collin took a taxi back to the wright 's house . 
 `` shall i make us some mojitos lily ? '' 
 `` sounds wonderful . 
 i 'll meet you on the deck . '' 
 collin mixed the drinks and took them out to the deck . 
 it had been a wonderful day . 
 now they could relax , listen to the waves , sip their drinks and wait for the sun to set . 
 chapter 21 `` what do you mean your tee time is six a.m. ? '' 
 lily was not happy with collin for two reasons . 
 one , she hated golf and two he woke her up at 5:30 in the morning on her vacation . 
 `` but lily , you said it was o.k. if i played golf . '' 
 `` at 5:30 in the morning ? 
 we are on vacation ! '' 
 `` you do n't have to get up . 
 i 'm having breakfast there also , '' he expanded his lie . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she put the pillow over her head . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` hmmpf '' collin finished dressing and took a banana as he went out side to wait for charlie . 
 it was only a few minutes before the 4x4 drove up . 
 collin finished his banana and tossed the skin into the brush . 
 `` good morning mr. carter . '' 
 `` thank you for picking me up , charlie . '' 
 collin pulled out his blackberry as charlie drove the jeep away from the house . 
 collin did n't bring his gps scanner on the trip because he could not explain it to lily . 
 the blackberry would work almost as well and would not make her suspicious . 
 charlie and collin discussed how to hunt for the location of shelby 's gps transmitter . 
 charlie compared the gps coordinates to the island terrain . 
 it was charlie 's opinion that they could follow one of the standard trails inland toward the mountains . 
 then take one of the more adventurous trails depending on the direction collin 's tracking software indicated . 
 if they could get close enough , then they could continue on foot . 
 charlie had a backpack with supplies , a machete and a pistol . 
 collin carried a borrowed gun hidden in a holster . 
 he had to leave his own gun at home . 
 hours later collin and charlie were pushing through the brush . 
 they were sweating and tired but hopeful that they would be arriving at the end point soon . 
 they had been able to use the 4x4 through the trails for most of the trip . 
 the trails , however , are rough ruts through the jungle so the going had been slow . 
 collin had explained a little about why he was looking for the clinic . 
 charlie was outraged that women might be held against their will at such a place . 
 the jungle finally gave way to a clearing . 
 there was a single story rectangular white building with windows attached to a larger building also white with two stories . 
 it looked like it might be a school or very large church with a wing for classrooms . 
 charlie and collin stood at the edge of the trees to observe unnoticed . 
 there was a parking area where a 4x4 was sitting . 
 nobody was outside . 
 collin led the way over to the far right end of the lower building . 
 charlie followed him as they snuck around the building to observe the other side . 
 there was nothing to be seen except an open area and the taller building . 
 they ducked back against the wall of the lower building as the door to the taller building opened and dr. holt accompanied by dr. phelps exited . 
 dr. holt spoke to dr. phelps , `` you need to get things ready . 
 the couples will be coming tomorrow at noon and they want answers . '' 
 dr. phelps responded , `` i 'm not sure we can go forward with the project . '' 
 `` no . 
 that is not an option . 
 this has to go forward and you have to make it work . '' 
 dr. phelps followed dr. holt to the 4x4 looking unhappy . 
 as dr. holt got into the 4x4 he continued , `` no excuses . 
 there is too much money at stake here . '' 
 dr. phelps with his hands in his lab coat pockets and his shoulders slumped in resignation returned to the larger building and went back inside . 
 collin told charlie , `` i have to see if i can find out what 's going on . 
 do you know where that man went with the 4x4 ? '' 
 `` yes , now that we are here i can see that we must be a few miles inland from nikao . 
 if we had approached from there the trip would have been much easier , though it is still very isolated . '' 
 `` if i stay for a while , do you think you could come back and get me ? '' 
 `` i can stay with you for a while , and then bring you back the easy way tomorrow . 
 would that be o.k. ? 
 i do n't want to leave you way out here alone . 
 and i 'll bet you want to be here for that meeting he mentioned . '' 
 collin agreed and they quietly entered the main building through the same door dr. phelps and dr. holt had used . 
 it was a side entrance into the building and opened at the end of a hallway . 
 after peeking around the door into the hallway collin and charlie slipped inside and carefully let the door close without making a noise . 
 they crept quietly down the hallway to the first door on the right . 
 collin put his ear against the door to listen . 
 hearing nothing he opened the door just a crack and peeked inside . 
 it looked like a conference room with a table and chairs . 
 charlie motioned that he wanted to see so collin opened the door wider . 
 just then they heard voices in the hallway . 
 since the conference room door was already open , they went in and closed the door behind them all but a little so they could listen . 
 a female voice said , `` this is terrible ! 
 why did n't you tell him no ? '' 
 dr. phelps could be heard responding , `` i told him , donna . 
 he wo n't listen . 
 there is too much money involved . '' 
 collin remembered the name donna . 
 yes , the laboratory supervisor at the gene search compound was named donna singleton . 
 he had seen the name on her office door the night he almost got caught breaking into the laboratory . 
 `` how much money is all this worth ? 
 that poor baby , '' donna replied . 
 `` that was n't my fault ! 
 the science is new . 
 i could n't predict , nobody could have predicted , that the baby would be born blind . '' 
 `` not just blind , gregory . 
 born with no eyes , gregory ! '' 
 `` that wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` you ca n't guarantee that . '' 
 the voices were getting fainter and collin and charlie opened the door wider so they could hear better . 
 `` no , i ca n't guarantee that it wo n't happen , but we can guarantee that the parent 's wo n't find out . '' 
 another door opened and closed and the voices could no longer be heard . 
 collin was aghast . 
 so , the baby lily had helped birth was part of gene search . 
 it had to be . 
 what were these people planning ? 
 it was too horrible to think . 
 could it be that the parents would n't find out about failures with the genetic manipulation because the babies would be born by surrogates and only the successes would be delivered to the parents ? 
 what were they going to do with the failures ? 
 he had to get the girls out of here and stop these people . 
 charlie asked collin , `` do you know what those two were talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so . 
 at least i can guess . '' 
 `` why do n't you fill me in on the way back to avarua ? '' 
 collin decided he needed time to make a plan . 
 he agreed to leave with charlie and come back the next day . 
 they carefully left the new gene search compound and made their way back through the jungle . 
 it took considerably less time getting back now that they knew where they were going . 
 collin told charlie the whole story about gene search and the girls on the ride back to avarua . 
 they made plans to return to eavesdrop on the meeting the next day hoping to do so without getting caught . 
 there was a storage closet in the conference room . 
 their plan was to hide in there and listen . 
 chapter 22 the closet was stifling and hot . 
 the two men barely fit inside along with the broken easel and extra white board . 
 the conference room was comfortable with the windows open even though it was eighty degrees outside . 
 but there was no breeze in the closet even though they had the door propped open just a crack . 
 collin and charlie had been hiding in there since eleven a.m. . 
 now they could hear someone moving about in the conference room putting glasses and pitchers of water on the table . 
 it would be noon in twenty minutes . 
 hopefully this conference with the couples that dr. phelps had mentioned would start soon . 
 the first couple arrived complaining that dr. phelps was not present in the conference room . 
 the woman spoke , `` i told you he would n't be here when we arrived . 
 that man drives me insane . '' 
 her husband responded , `` george is a busy man . '' 
 `` not george , i meant gregory . '' 
 at that moment gregory phelps entered the conference room . 
 `` i 'm here mrs. southerland . '' 
 `` at last , '' darla southerland said . 
 `` where is everyone else ? 
 we need to get this problem handled . '' 
 `` they will all be arriving soon , i assure you . '' 
 timothy southerland asked , `` is george going to be here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we met yesterday . 
 he wants me to handle it . '' 
 two more couples arrived . 
 dr. phelps said , `` welcome everyone . 
 please sit down . '' 
 `` let me summarize the issue at hand and tell you the options we have . 
 you all know about the unfortunate incident that occurred in may . '' 
 a woman with a soft whisper of a voice said , `` unfortunate ? 
 that was more than unfortunate ! '' 
 collin was surprised to hear the whispering voice . 
 it sounded like maggie maxwell . 
 sure enough the next person to speak was marvin , her husband . 
 `` maggie , do n't start . 
 we all know about your failure dr. phelps . 
 now we need to know what you are going to do about it . '' 
 dr. phelps replied , `` the baby has been adopted by a couple that is willing to love and care for a special needs baby . 
 they do not know how the child became blind and it does n't matter to them . 
 we will process another embryo for paula and trent at no charge . '' 
 another woman spoke , `` what about the security issue ? 
 patricia said she saw that private detective here on the island . '' 
 dr. phelps replied , `` katie , she said she thought it looked like him . 
 i do n't think it was really him . 
 besides it does n't matter . 
 he has no authority here . '' 
 katie spoke again , `` well what about the girl that disappeared ? '' 
 dr. phelps spoke with a sigh , `` she is dead . '' 
 the others all spoke at once . 
 `` dead ? '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` you did n't , did you ? '' 
 `` it was an accident '' dr. phelps lied . 
 the others were quiet for a moment . 
 they were told the girl , ellen , had been dropped from the program because she got pregnant during the screening phase of the project . 
 they were concerned because it meant one less surrogate and therefore one less couple that would be able to have a baby through the project . 
 now they were concerned because it was the second accidental death involving the group . 
 the other had been a young man that was having an affair with dr. holt 's wife . 
 when the young man died in a car accident the couples wondered out loud between themselves if they thought there was a possibility that the young man had met with foul play . 
 none of them trusted dr. holt completely . 
 he came across as a determined man who did n't let much stand in his way . 
 this was different . 
 the young woman knew a lot about the secret experiment with genetics and holt laboratory but the project was presented to the surrogates as legal and above board . 
 it should n't have mattered that she was dropped from the program unless she had somehow learned more than she should . 
 each of the husbands and wives in the room were thinking about the possibility that somehow they were involved with a murder . 
 none of them could speak to that issue with dr. phelps present . 
 dr. phelps supported george holt completely . 
 collin was shocked to hear dr. phelps say that ellen was dead ! 
 but he and charlie , suffering from the heat in the closet and troubled by what they were hearing , remained silent hoping to learn more . 
 maggie whispered , `` so where do we go from here ? 
 i want my baby . 
 this is my last chance for a family . '' 
 `` well maybe you should n't have hired that private detective , '' declared darla southerland . 
 `` that 's not fair darla and you know it '' said marvin maxwell loudly . 
 `` if dr. phelps had told us about gene search i would have known not to . 
 i just did n't know and i was worried about shelby '' cried maggie hoarsely . 
 dr. phelps told the group , `` you all need to calm down . 
 the project is going forward . 
 dr. holt assures me that the embryos have been corrected for any possible genetic defects and will be ready for implanting tomorrow . 
 the women have been taking the fertility drugs and are ready to go on to the next step . 
 in nine months your babies will be born and you will be the parents you so want to be . '' 
 katie russell said , `` what if something goes wrong ? 
 i ca n't bear the thought that their might be another mistake . '' 
 frank russell added , `` i 'm paying too much money for a mistake . '' 
 dr. phelps declared , `` there will be no mistakes . 
 george has promised me the techniques have been perfected . 
 now , how about some lunch ? '' 
 the group did n't really have much of a choice . 
 they followed dr. phelps out of the conference room . 
 collin and charlie waited a couple of minutes and then left the closet . 
 they were cramped and sweaty . 
 they stood in front of a window and let the breeze blow gently over them . 
 charlie was the first to speak , `` those people are monsters . 
 all of them . '' 
 collin replied , `` i 've got to find the girls and get them out of here before the implant procedure . 
 they have got to understand that they ca n't be part of this ! '' 
 chapter 23 collin and charlie left the conference room . 
 they exited the building still thinking about what to do next . 
 as collin was trying to figure out where to look next for the girls he heard a vehicle turn into the parking lot and screech to a stop . 
 collin gave charlie 's shoulder a push and they hid around the other side of the building . 
 the vehicle was a rattling old shuttle bus . 
 the passengers disembarked . 
 it was shelby radcliff and the rest of the girls . 
 shelby told the driver , `` you really should get those brakes fixed . '' 
 the girls had obviously gone shopping as they had bags full of stuff in their hands . 
 they were laughing at each other and at shelby 's comment about the brakes . 
 the driver waved at them and drove off . 
 collin and charlie saw the girls walk down the parking lot to the building that looked like it had once been a school or wing of classrooms for a church . 
 they went inside . 
 collin was relieved to see they were not in the building with dr. phelps and donna . 
 the classrooms were actually dorm rooms for the girls . 
 as collin and charlie got closer , they noticed the windows had pretty curtains in them . 
 there were no guards so collin opened the door and charlie followed him inside . 
 they could hear the girl 's voices and then doors closing . 
 there was n't anyone else around even though there was a desk in a reception area just inside the door indicating that there might be some administrative personnel assigned to the dorm . 
 collin was confused by the lack of guards and security . 
 it was so different from the rockville compound where he first saw shelby . 
 charlie asked , `` well , what do we do now ? 
 do you think we can just knock on a door ? '' 
 collin replied , `` yes , let 's do that . '' 
 the two of them walked down the hall . 
 collin decided on one of the rooms and knocked . 
 a voice came from the other side of the door , `` who is that ? '' 
 and then the door opened . 
 there stood a young woman collin had not met before . 
 but behind her sitting on a couch in the room was shelby . 
 shelby jumped up from the couch , `` oh ! 
 it 's you ! '' 
 the girl who opened the door turned toward shelby and said , `` it 's who ? 
 you know these guys ? '' 
 shelby said , `` oh , gretchen let them in and shut the door before anybody sees them ! '' 
 gretchen was not happy but she stood back and collin and charlie entered . 
 gretchen closed the door . 
 shelby asked collin , `` what are you doing here mister carter ? 
 why does that guy have a gun ? '' 
 collin answered , `` hi shelby . 
 this is charlie . 
 he is a tour guide here on the island . 
 he uses the gun for - ahh - snakes . '' 
 `` no . 
 mister carter , there are n't any snakes on rarotonga ! '' 
 collin looked at charlie . 
 charlie said , `` the young lady is correct . 
 there are no snakes or even poisonous insects here . 
 i carry the gun for protection while on tours because it makes the tourists feel safer . 
 i 've never had to use it . '' 
 collin said , `` never mind about that . 
 you girls are in danger here and you need to leave right now ! '' 
 gretchen said to shelby , `` i do n't know about you and your goofy friend here but i need to change for lunch . 
 so , all of you should go now . '' 
 shelby said to collin and charlie , `` come with me . 
 you are mistaken about this place and us . 
 we love it here . '' 
 shelby opened the door and guided collin and charlie out . 
 charlie paused to say to gretchen , `` have a nice day miss . 
 sorry to have bothered you . '' 
 then he followed shelby and collin out into the hall . 
 collin was saying to shelby , `` but we overheard dr. phelps talking about the procedure . '' 
 shelby said , `` you mean the implant procedure ? 
 i told you back in the states that we were all in agreement with that . '' 
 `` what about ellen ? 
 did she ever show up ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she decided not to continue . '' 
 `` but , dr. phelps said she was dead ! '' 
 they had reached the front door . 
 shelby opened the door for collin and charlie to leave . 
 shelby said , `` that 's just ridiculous mister carter . 
 please , you need to go now . '' 
 collin and charlie did not want to be caught by dr. phelps standing outside so they quickly left and walked to their 4x4 parked off the side of the road about a quarter of a mile away from the compound . 
 charlie said , `` so , the girls know about the program and are willing to take part ? '' 
 `` yes , i knew about that . '' 
 `` but you thought they might be there against their will ? 
 i did n't see any guards . '' 
 `` i know . 
 there were guards at the other compound . '' 
 `` in the united states , but not here . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` not much we can do about any of this then is there ? '' 
 `` no i guess not . 
 sorry i got you involved , charlie . 
 i really did think they might need my help to leave . 
 guess i have too much of a hero complex . '' 
 `` well , the people they are involved with are a bunch of stinkers . 
 do n't have any evidence that would stand up in a court of law though . '' 
 `` thanks again charlie . 
 oh by the way , if anybody asks we were golfing today . 
 that 's what i told my wife . '' 
 lily was home when charlie dropped collin off . 
 she watched charlie drive off and collin walk up to the house . 
 then she grabbed a book and sat in a big chair in the living room . 
 as he entered the living room she said , `` hi there . 
 how was the golfing ? '' 
 he sat on the couch . 
 `` it was fine . '' 
 `` you do n't sound real happy about that . '' 
 `` i 'm just tired , i guess . 
 it was a lot of walking . '' 
 `` does that mean two days of golfing is enough ? 
 so maybe we can spend tomorrow together ? '' 
 `` yes , sweetie . 
 it does ! 
 where do you want to go ? '' 
 lily got up out of the chair she was sitting in and sat next to collin wrapping her arms around him . 
 she kissed his ear . 
 `` collin you know we do n't have to go anywhere , but i 'd like to go back to that beach with the black rock in the lagoon . '' 
 `` your wish is my command , sweetie . 
 black rock it will be . 
 by the way , is there any lunch ? '' 
 `` lunch ? 
 collin its three o’clock . 
 you have n't had any lunch yet ? '' 
 lily jumped up and quickly went to the kitchen . 
 `` collin , why do n't you take a nice relaxing shower and i 'll whip up a snack for you . 
 then we can have an early dinner . 
 sound alright to you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'll do that . '' 
 he left lily opening doors and pulling stuff out of the refrigerator and took a nice hot shower to wash away the disappointment of not being able to convince shelby that the girls were in danger . 
 maybe they were n't . 
 maybe it was all going to be o.k. . 
 he just wished he knew what really happened to ellen . 
 lily had prepared collin 's snack and brought it to him on the back porch . 
 she nibbled on some fruit as well while he gobbled down the sandwiches she gave him . 
 `` what did you do today lily ? '' 
 `` i read some of my book , lay in the sun , gathered some shells , and enjoyed the peace . 
 i also made a big decision i hope you will be happy with . '' 
 `` a big decision ? 
 what would that be lily ? '' 
 just then collin 's blackberry rang out the tone that indicated he had a message . 
 he got up and walked back inside to pick it up . 
 the message was a hang-up and collin did not recognize the phone number the message came from . 
 lily called to him , `` collin , i was talking to you ! '' 
 collin returned to the porch . 
 `` lily did you hear my phone ring while i was in the shower ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i did n't . 
 is it something important ? '' 
 `` just a hang-up from a number i do n't recognize . '' 
 `` colly -- i was trying to tell you something ! '' 
 collin looked up at lily 's face and quickly put the phone down . 
 `` yes , sweetie , i 'm listening . '' 
 `` i want to have a baby . '' 
 `` a baby ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you and me ? '' 
 `` well certainly , you and me . 
 what are you saying ? '' 
 `` i love you lily . 
 a baby would be wonderful . '' 
 `` would be ? '' 
 `` will be , i mean is , i mean yes . 
 girl or boy ? '' 
 lily started to cry . 
 collin went to her and gave her a gentle hug . 
 `` i 'm sorry sweetie . 
 i mean i love you and you will be a wonderful mother . 
 i 'm very happy with your decision . '' 
 lily hugged him back . 
 chapter 24 collin awoke with a start . 
 his blackberry was bleeping at him again . 
 he slipped out of bed and took the phone outside to answer it . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` is this mister carter ? 
 the mister carter that came to visit shelby yesterday ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm collin carter . '' 
 `` you have to help us . 
 shelby has been locked up in the main house . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` she told us yesterday that you said ellen was dead . 
 then she decided to ask dr. phelps what really happened to ellen . 
 she went to talk to him and when she came back she was very upset . 
 she got us all together and told us she overheard dr. phelps talking on the phone while she was just outside his office . 
 she heard him saying something about the implantation procedure becoming too dangerous . 
 she heard him say to whoever was on the phone that we could all end up in jail for murder . '' 
 `` how did she get locked up and by whom ? '' 
 `` well we were in her room while she was telling us what she heard . 
 we all ran and hid when they broke down the door , except shelby . 
 she stayed in the living room and they dragged her away . 
 we all snuck out and back to our own rooms . 
 now they have guards all over the place . 
 i found her cell phone and your phone number was in it . '' 
 `` o.k. . 
 what is your name ? '' 
 `` gretchen . 
 i was there yesterday with shelby when you came . '' 
 `` gretchen , do you think you are in immediate danger ? 
 do you think you can stay hidden until i can get some authorities to come save you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm really scared . '' 
 `` well , i 'm coming . 
 i 'll bring what ever i can find in the way of police and we will get you out and we 'll find shelby too . 
 you just hang on , o.k. ? '' 
 lily woke up when collin came back into the bedroom . 
 she sleepily asked him , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 collin sat down on the side of the bed . 
 `` lily , do you remember the trip to the mall ? '' 
 lily sat up in the bed with her back against the headboard . 
 `` yes , i remember . '' 
 `` those girls are here on the island . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why would they be here ? '' 
 `` now lily , please do n't be mad , i wanted to come here for vacation because i knew the gene search people had moved the girls here . '' 
 `` i 'm very confused by all this collin . 
 why are we talking about this in the middle of the night ? '' 
 `` because one of the girls called me . 
 they are in trouble . 
 i need to get the police to get them away from the gene search people . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` well then , i need to make a call . '' 
 `` you lily ? '' 
 `` yes , remember the other day i had tea with a lady i met named carol ? '' 
 `` yes i remember . '' 
 `` one of the ladies i met at the tea was the wife of the police commissioner here on rarotonga . '' 
 `` you are going to call her at two in the morning ? '' 
 `` you said it was an emergency right ? '' 
 `` well yes it is . 
 they have locked the girl you spoke to , shelby , up in the laboratory building . 
 she overheard dr. phelps from the gene search compound talking about murder . '' 
 `` murder ! 
 oh collin , has someone been murdered ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure lily , one of the girls , ellen , has disappeared . 
 i heard dr. phelps say she died accidentally . '' 
 `` this is horrible collin . 
 i 'll call debbie right away . '' 
 lily woke deborah and had collin explain to daniel , the chief of police , about the phone call from gretchen and the whereabouts of the clinic . 
 then lily and collin got dressed . 
 collin called charlie and told him about the chief of police and asked if he wanted to come also . 
 charlie agreed and called some of his buddies from the local rugby team . 
 by three a.m. everyone was converging on the clinic compound in hopes of rescuing the girls from dr. phelps before anyone else got hurt . 
 daniel blackmore , chief of rarotonga police , was in the lead car with siren blaring . 
 he was followed by two more police cars , then collin with lily . 
 coming along just a little behind them were charlie and his rugby buddies in two more cars . 
 they all came speeding into the clinic parking lot screeching to a stop with people jumping out and filling the area . 
 collin ran up to the chief and pointed out the living quarters and the laboratory building . 
 chief blackmore sent collin and charlie with one policeman to the living quarters . 
 the chief took the rest of the policemen and the rugby players and charged the laboratory building . 
 chief blackmore and his crew found some guards but no one else . 
 he took them to the conference room and demanded to know where everyone else was . 
 the guards played dumb and told him it was after hours and nobody was at the clinic at three a.m. chief blackmore sent three of the rugby players and two police officers to search the building more carefully . 
 charlie and collin returned from the living quarters . 
 they reported to chief blackmore that the girls had disappeared . 
 when chief blackmore asked the guards about the girls they claimed no knowledge of any such persons . 
 charlie told the chief , `` i saw them sir . 
 just this , well yesterday now , afternoon . '' 
 then a shrill scream shattered the night . 
 it was a woman screaming for help ! 
 she was outside in the darkness . 
 chief blackmore left the clinic guards in the conference room with one of his officers . 
 everyone ran outside to find lily running through the parking lot . 
 collin ran to her . 
 `` sweetie , what happened ? 
 i thought you were safe in the car ! '' 
 `` a man tried to take me . 
 he made me get out of the car and dragged me to the woods . 
 i saw shelby . 
 she and the other girls were unconscious in the back of a van . 
 i screamed and slipped out of his grasp . 
 i ran away but they still have the girls . 
 over there . '' 
 she pointed to the edge of the clearing around the compound behind the living quarters . 
 `` there is no van there now . '' 
 `` they drove into the trees . '' 
 chief blackmore and the rest ran to the area lily had pointed to . 
 `` there ! 
 look ! 
 beyond the trees is a road ! '' 
 chief blackmore and some of his men took their cars and slowly entered the road beyond the trees . 
 collin was still with lily . 
 charlie and his rugby buddies were standing with collin and lily trying to decide what to do . 
 charlie asked collin , `` hey ol’ chap , should we follow the chief or do you need us here ? '' 
 collin asked lily , `` can you come with me , charlie and these guys ? 
 i want to find gretchen and shelby and the rest . 
 i do n't want to leave you here . '' 
 `` yes , of course i 'll come . '' 
 collin helped lily get into charlie 's 4x4 . 
 the rugby players got in their jeep . 
 the two vehicles followed the police down the road beyond the trees . 
 chapter 25 only the headlights of charlie 's 4x4 and the jeep coming along behind lit the pathway down the dark hidden road in the jungle . 
 the trees were very close in and it was very dark in the jungle . 
 chief blackmore and the others had quite a head start on them . 
 charlie was driving slowly so as to not miss any side road hidden in the dark . 
 everyone was leaning forward to peer out the windshield for any sign of the chief or the girl 's captors . 
 suddenly a man ran past the front of charlie 's 4x4 with a policeman chasing him . 
 charlie stopped the vehicle and his rugby friends stopped behind him . 
 before charlie and collin could get out of the car the rugby players had run into the jungle and dragged the fleeing man back out . 
 they threw him down in front of charlie 's 4x4 to look at him in the headlights . 
 the policeman came up behind them . 
 collin and lily had exited the 4x4 and were looking at the man . 
 lily said , `` that 's the man who tried to take me into the jungle . '' 
 collin said , `` it 's dr. phelps . '' 
 the policeman said , `` we found him and the van with the unconscious women up the road a bit at an abandoned property . 
 there was a woman named patricia there also . '' 
 the policeman cuffed dr. phelps . 
 the rugby players tossed him in their jeep . 
 the policeman got in with charlie , lily and collin . 
 the two vehicles continued down the dark road until they found the abandoned property . 
 chief blackmore was there with his other officers holding some more guards and the woman patricia . 
 everyone disembarked and walked up to chief blackmore . 
 collin asked , `` where are the girls ? 
 are any of them hurt ? '' 
 chief blackmore said , `` they seem to have been drugged . 
 they definitely need to go to the hospital . 
 i 've called for ambulances to meet us at the clinic . 
 i 'll have the van driven back there so they can be transported to the hospital . '' 
 lily said , `` i 'm a nurse . 
 may i check them please to see how they are doing ? '' 
 chief blackmore nodded his head and one of his officers took lily to the van . 
 lily checked everyone 's pupils to see it they were dilated , then checked their pulse and respiration . 
 `` they do n't look very good . 
 what drugs were they given ? '' 
 patricia spoke up , `` benzodiazepine . 
 he gave it to them . '' 
 she indicated dr. phelps . 
 lily told chief blackmore , `` we need to leave now . 
 i 'll go with them but they need the hospital right away . 
 i think he gave them enough to kill them . '' 
 lily told collin , `` you stay with charlie . 
 meet me at the hospital later . '' 
 the van turned around and left back down the dark , hidden road to the rendezvous with the ambulances . 
 collin walked up to patricia and dr. phelps and asked in a loud commanding voice , `` where is the girl ellen ? '' 
 dr. phelps said , `` patricia killed her . 
 i told her not to but i could n't stop her . '' 
 patricia responded , `` you liar ! 
 you told me to kill her . 
 you ! 
 not me ! '' 
 chief blackmore said , `` both of you can go to prison for her death . 
 too bad they 've done away with the gallows if you ask me . '' 
 patricia said , `` no ! 
 i 'm not going down for that . 
 the girl is alive . 
 i 'll tell you where she is if you promise not to prosecute me . 
 i also have all the evidence you 'll need to put dr. phelps away forever ! '' 
 chief blackmore told patricia , `` you better tell me where this ellen is right now . 
 the matter of prosecution will be dealt with later . 
 we still have the other girls very near death as well . '' 
 patricia gave in and told chief blackmore where she hid ellen . 
 collin was overjoyed to find out ellen was alive . 
 he asked charlie , `` can you take me to the hospital ? 
 i 've got to find out how lily is . '' 
 chief blackmore and his men arrested dr. phelps , patricia and the rest . 
 everyone left the jungle as day was breaking over rarotonga . 
 epilogue a week later , on saturday , chief blackmore presented an award of bravery to charlie and the players from the rugby team at the stadium as part of the opening ceremonies before the game . 
 collin and lily were there to watch and sat with ellen who had been rescued from patricia 's apartment . 
 dr. phelps , patricia and the gene search guards were all under arrest and had been transported to new zealand for prosecution . 
 dr. holt and donna had not been found . 
 the three couples all claimed ignorance and even though charlie and collin heard them say incriminating things at the gene search meeting the he said - she said evidence was not enough to hold them . 
 the surrogates , shelby , linda , gretchen and susan were still in the hospital though improving steadily . 
 patricia had been mistaken in the drug used by dr. phelps to sedate the girls . 
 he had used an extract from a plant called angel trumpet mixed with the benzodiazepine . 
 if he ever returned to the usa that might be evidence enough to convict him of the murder of thomas stevenson . 
 lily went to see the girls daily and was becoming friends with them even though they were all in their very early twenties and lily was thirty-two . 
 lily forgave collin for tricking her into planning their vacation so he could check on the girls . 
 though she made him promise not to play any golf during the last week of their vacation ! 
 books by kathleen steed : fiction : private investigator series : 1 . 
 gene search : a collin carter mystery -lrb- novella approx . 
 30,000 words -rrb- 2 . 
 white lies & dangerous secrets : a collin carter mystery -lrb- novella approx . 
 30,000 words -rrb- 3 . 
 who killed peggy recker ? 
 a collin carter mystery -lrb- novella approx . 
 30,000 words -rrb- 4 . 
 saruprani : a collin carter mystery -lrb- novella approx . 
 35,000 -rrb- dark murder mystery : danny -lrb- novella approx . 
 20,800 words -rrb- patriotic thriller : capitol terror -lrb- full length novel approx . 
 76,000 words -rrb- non-fiction : religious : hope in the dark : a collection of short sermons a travelogue : oahu in january : janet 's visit to the island of oahu 95 beautiful pictures of oahu , hawaii about the author kathleen steed was born on september 12 , 1953 . 
 she graduated magna cum laude from the university of maryland with a b.s. degree in medical technology . 
 she worked in various laboratories for twenty-nine years then changed jobs to regulating laboratories . 
 she is a member of the united methodist church and was a lay speaker from 2007 to 2013 . 
 she lives in maryland with her husband and a jack russell terrier named spanky . 
 she has two grown daughters that live near her . 
 you can reach her at : ksteed6302@comcast.net if you want to be on her mailing list or if you just want to chat about the book you 've read . 
 facebook author page : facebook.com/ksteed.thrillers.mysteries 
