 pink by peter j. ponzo chapter 1 pink i saw her bathing , inviting evil dreams of lust and desire , and i knew she was the angel of death , sister of the devil , temptress and siren . 
 i must rid the world of this harbinger of doom , precursor of ungodliness . 
 her worldly body must be dismantled so that no eye can behold that iniquitous and cursed carcass . 
 and i did find her garbed in pink and i did destroy her . 
 great lord of the world , breath of life , weep not for the damned for i have cleansed the world of the devil 's kin . 
 terry cleaver buck tormin is a bastard . 
 he 's my boss , he wears a black suit , and you ca n't trust a guy in a black suit . 
 i worked for him for two years but he 's no friend . 
 i do n't make friends easily . 
 in fact , i have few friends and that 's just fine with me . 
 but buck wo n't fire me . 
 i 've reprogrammed the computer , honed it to the needs of the lumber mill , i 'm good at my job and no one could take my place . 
 then the black suit fired me . 
 the bastard . 
 but it was really her fault . 
 the first time i met her was in june , at the pond . 
 it 's an old deserted gravel pit , now filled with spring water and i go there to escape the heat . 
 everyone else in haversville swims at moore 's lake , ringed with those crummy plywood cottages and miles of sweaty bodies lying on the sand and two hot dog stands and a ramshackle dancing arena and the oily smell of automobile exhaust . 
 i swim alone , at my pond , terry cleaver 's pond . 
 and that 's where i first saw her . 
 it was late sunday afternoon and i had jogged across benton 's meadow , pushing through the bush , jumping up onto that big grey rock that juts out over the pond . 
 i dropped my shorts then turned to dive into that sweet green pool . 
 then i saw her . 
 the first thing i felt was anger ; she was lying on my rock , my rock , her eyes closed , her feet hanging in the water , her body wrapped in a pink swimsuit so tight you could see her ribs . 
 i could feel the red rising in my cheek . 
 i clenched my fists and stood over her , growling to myself . 
 they say that redheads have fierce tempers . 
 that goes double for me . 
 she was lying on my rock at my pond . 
 then she opened her eyes , slowly , as though she knew i was there - then she sat up . 
 i was standing right above her . 
 she pulled her towel about her shoulders and blushed , just a little . 
 i did n't know quite what to say and stood there scowling , holding my breath , my arms hanging stiff by my side . 
 then she did the most stupid thing ... the most wonderful thing . 
 she smiled and reached up and took my hands , and somehow my anger seemed rather stupid and childish . 
 then she pulled herself to her feet , still holding my hands , and she leaned against me and watched my face redden . 
 she seemed to enjoy every moment . 
 then she grinned and closed her eyes , slowly , and fell backwards into the pond , pulling me after her . 
 i did n't think about backing away . 
 it was so sudden , so weird . 
 when i came spluttering to the surface i thought about shouting , about hitting her hard , about pushing her roughly under the water . 
 but she was gone and i did n't see her again , not for three weeks . 
 it was a typical saturday morning in july , hot and humid , and i crossed the meadow and headed for cleaver 's pond . 
 i thought about that girl a lot and expected to see her the next few times i went swimming . 
 i was even careful not to drop my shorts until i had looked at every rock - but the pond had been deserted , every time . 
 yet i could n't get her out of my mind . 
 a crazy girl , pulling me into the water . 
 i had been so flustered , so caught off guard . 
 yet , she had n't been frightened or even embarrassed . 
 i guess i was smiling as i walked through the bush . 
 when i think of it , she was really pretty neat . 
 i do n't really get along well with girls but she was sort of wild and unusual and that was intriguing . 
 when i left the tangle of skinny trees by the edge of the pond and jumped onto my rock , she was there , again , and i found that i could barely breathe . 
 i stood for a long while just staring at her , lying tanned on the grey rock , her hair tangled about her shoulders , her eyes closed . 
 she was getting far too much sun . 
 the rock must surely be rough on her skin , a pink smooth skin in a smooth pink swimsuit with ruffled collar . 
 i walked to her side and sat down and gazed at her face . 
 i wanted desperately to reach out and touch her . 
 i stuck out my hand , slowly , and i found myself shaking . 
 i held my hand above her , above that ruffled collar . 
 i was trembling and that made me bloody angry and i could feel my face getting hot . 
 then she smiled and opened her eyes , in precisely that order , as though she knew i had been sitting there and she was just waiting for the right time . 
 i remember sucking in my breath , then i put up both hands as if begging not to be pulled into the water . 
 that was stupid ; why did i do that ? 
 she giggled and reached out and i stumbled backward to get away and together we fell off the rock . 
 and when i came to the surface she was gone , again . 
 for me it was a curious and novel feeling , frightening , exhilarating . 
 i did n't seem quite in control . 
 my mind wandered . 
 i spent hours just staring at the computer keyboard . 
 my boss complained . 
 i do n't like buck tormin . 
 then the black suit fired me . 
 just like that . 
 and it was really her fault - the girl with the pink bathing suit . 
 connie fenton i have always been papa 's favorite child , carefree and sucking up life like a strawberry soda - or so they say . 
 my two brothers usually ignored me even though we all slept in the same large room in the back of the small cottage . 
 my mother died when i was five ; i do n't think i remember a thing about her . 
 papa made little money at the store , but we ate well and laughed a lot . 
 i was only eighteen when i decided to leave the cottage and move into town . 
 papa pleaded with me to stay , but i had made up my mind . 
 even my brothers seemed a little sad when i left and that made my leaving even more delicious . 
 i would miss them , all of them , but i had a magical life to live and i was going to live it to the fullest . 
 after three months working at the dress shop , mostly sewing hems and crocheting fancy collars , i bought a bicycle and went home to gobles for the weekend . 
 i surprised them all by climbing through the back window and slipping into the bathtub . 
 when they came home from the store , that 's where they found me . 
 my brothers dragged me from the tub and spanked me soundly , papa cried just a little - and i drank it all in . 
 it was delicious . 
 on sunday afternoon they all stood side by side on the front porch and watched me leave , my brothers trying hard to keep from crying . 
 i can still see it . 
 the image was absolutely delectable . 
 it was that same sunday afternoon that i found the pond . 
 it was hot and i could see the dust spiralling up from the front wheels of my bike . 
 i was thirsty but the small bottle of spring water was empty so i stopped at miller 's creek to fill it . 
 the creek was dry so i sat on the bank and just groaned . 
 i can remember thinking life is n't supposed to be like this . 
 the creek is supposed to be filled with cool gurgling water , waiting for me to stop on my way back to haversville . 
 there must be water farther up the creek bed . 
 that 's the way it should be , just a little farther up , lying in limpid pools amid the cool green . 
 so i set out to find it . 
 when i came to the clearing i saw the tall rocks and knew that the pond was there , waiting for me , a giant cup brimming with water , cool and delicious . 
 there was a narrow vertical crack which began at the top of the rock and widened as it descended . 
 from the bottom of the crack , nearly three feet wide , the water trickled slowly out of the pond into miller 's creek . 
 i ran to the opening and looked through . 
 i was alice and i looked eagerly through the looking glass . 
 it was frightening , mysterious . 
 just beyond the crack in the rock i could see green bushes , but beyond that there was a giant cup brimming with water - and it was all there , just for me . 
 how could i have missed this paradise on earlier trips from gobles ? 
 but then perhaps i have been here and just forgot . 
 my memory is so poor . 
 i forget things . 
 whole days seem to come and go without my knowledge . 
 i pushed through the crack , through the bushes , and fell into the cool waters of the pond . 
 life was magical . 
 i would return many times to that pond , each time leaving by the hole in the rock which fed miller 's creek . 
 then , one sunday afternoon , i met him . 
 even before i opened my eyes i could feel his presence , like a tree , protecting me . 
 when i looked up he was silhouetted against the bright sky , yet i could see that his eyes were fierce and his cheeks red and i knew that he was angry . 
 yet , he was a boy and really quite naked and i could handle him as i had always handled my brothers . 
 when i pushed my body to his i knew that he was caught off guard . 
 when i pulled , gently at first , i knew that he would follow , leaning to me , falling with me . 
 i left through the hole in the rock and it was exhilarating as i knew it would be . 
 and i did it not once , but twice . 
 boys are quite foolish . 
 my life was a dream , a fantasy ... until the pink letters started . 
 terry cleaver the wednesday chronicle carried the story on the front page . 
 it was the most bloody awful thing that had happened in haversville in years . 
 body found in miller 's creek at first i was n't particularly interested . 
 i had seen the headlines ; the paper was lying on the table by the window . 
 i had pushed it aside to eat my lunch , a salad plate with cottage cheese and a terrible french dressing . 
 but the cafeteria was buzzing and everybody seemed to be poring over the front page of the chronicle . 
 oh , i should mention that the black suit asked me to come back to work at the mill . 
 i knew he would . 
 who else could run the computer ? 
 anyway , everybody was talking about the body in the creek . 
 `` unrecognizable , they say . '' 
 `` pieces here and there - bloody awful . '' 
 then i heard buck . 
 the black suit was at the next table with his buddies , grinning and coughing between drags of his cigarette . '' 
 ... pink swimsuit , torn right off ... bet she was raped ... '' it was just the kind of moronic thing he would say . 
 pink swimsuit ? 
 did he say pink ? 
 i looked again at the headlines . 
 where in god 's name was miller 's creek ? 
 did n't it run across that old dirt road the other side of benton 's meadow , across blair road , on the way to gobles ? 
 then it was close to ... to cleaver 's pond . 
 i guess i just stared at buck with my mouth open because he stared at me then grunted then looked away and started talking again to his buddies . 
 `` what was that broad doing there anyway ? 
 no place for a woman ... '' i remember getting up from my chair , looking down , seeing the headlines again and sitting down . 
 i read the story from beginning to end , twice . 
 a young woman 's naked body was found yesterday , tuesday , mutilated beyond belief . 
 she had worn a pink swimsuit with ruffled collar and although no definite identification had yet been made , it was reported that a miss constance fenton was missing . 
 a close friend confirmed that miss fenton did , indeed , own such a swimsuit . 
 all the tenants of the mayflower apartments had insisted that she had absolutely no enemies . 
 `` she was a lovely girl ... so full of life ... adored by all . '' 
 i found that i had difficulty breathing and was starting to sweat . 
 i jumped up from the table and stormed across the cafeteria , knocking chairs as i went . 
 buck tormin stopped laughing . 
 i think everybody turned to watch me leave and i could feel the heat rising in my cheeks . 
 before i knew it , i found myself at cleaver 's pond and for the umpteenth time in my life i found the tears rising . 
 i could n't hold back and they ran down my cheek and that made me angry . 
 i sat on the rock , chin on my knees , and stared at the sky reflected in the water . 
 when i closed my eyes i could still see her lying in the sun , that crazy smile on her lips , the silly ruffled collar , the smooth pink - damnation ! 
 i jumped up and ran into the bush . 
 when i reached miller 's creek i followed it upstream until i saw the clearing , saw the trickle of water flowing from the hole in the rock , peered through and saw the pond , my pond . 
 that 's how she got in , and how she got out without my seeing her leave . 
 i leaned against the wet rock and just sort of grinned . 
 what a neat gal . 
 she pulled me into the water , swam to this hole , this very hole , and vanished . 
 damnation ! 
 she was dead , my girl , torn apart by some bastard . 
 who would do a thing like that ? 
 i could feel the anger . 
 did i call her my girl ? 
 i 'd find the bastard who did this . 
 i retraced my steps , back along miller 's creek toward blair road . 
 nothing . 
 i went back to the clearing once more and followed the creek . 
 there ! 
 a footprint in the muddy bank . 
 two , three . 
 my god , there were dozens of prints ! 
 i collapsed on the ground . 
 no killer 's trail ; the police had been here , everywhere . 
 their tracks covered the ground . 
 i walked back to blair road . 
 what could i do ? 
 did i really expect to find a clue that the police had missed ? 
 did i really expect to track down the bastard who did this ? 
 when i got home from work on friday , to my rooms in the basement of mrs. harris ' house , i spread out the papers on the table and tilted the lamp shade so i could read them all . 
 i had the chronicle stories , three of them , including wednesday 's initial story . 
 there was a story from the country paper out of dunnborne . 
 and of course the pile of notes i had made - and a printout of the police report . 
 it had been pretty simple to get into the police computer . 
 the stupid buggers had used police as the password . 
 not too bright . 
 i had extracted all the files i could find there . 
 it seemed like a lot of information lying on the table , but it was nothing . 
 nothing . 
 i had talked to every farmer along blair road . 
 nothing . 
 on sunday i 'd walk to the end of blair road , along the county line to gobles and talk to her family . 
 her name was connie ... connie fenton . 
 i 'd talk to connie 's family . 
 i 'd talk to all her friends . 
 did she have friends ? 
 yes , everybody had friends . 
 everybody except terry cleaver . 
 but i needed time and space without interruption . 
 the next morning , saturday , i quit my job . 
 buck tormin bitched , but did n't seem particularly concerned . 
 that made me angry . 
 just let them try to find a goddamn replacement . 
 on sunday i walked to the end of blair road . 
 `` are you a friend of connie 's ? '' 
 i was taken aback . 
 she , connie , looked just like her father . 
 `` yes ... uh , no , not exactly . '' 
 i did n't know what else to say . 
 `` well , come on in anyway . '' 
 mr. fenton backed away from the door and i went in and looked around . 
 it was a small room with wooden chairs and a table with a gigantic bible and a fireplace smeared in black soot and a whole slew of faded brown pictures just tacked to the wall . 
 mr. fenton was looking at me and i guess i had to say something . 
 `` i just , well , i just met her ... connie ... at the pond . 
 i did n't know her , not really . '' 
 mr. fenton pointed to a chair and i just sat on the edge with my hands between my knees . 
 when i think of it , i must have looked like a real asshole . 
 `` i 'm her father , benjamin fenton . '' 
 this guy was tall , over six feet . 
 he kept running his fingers along the seams in his pants . 
 he seemed nervous . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i 'm maybe in love with your daughter - i really think she 's neat . 
 i looked around the room . 
 what could i say ? 
 i intend to find the bastard who killed her . 
 `` uh ... mr. fenton , i met your daughter at the pond . '' 
 i had already said that . 
 what an asshole . 
 `` i met her twice . '' 
 was that really important ? 
 `` she was wearing a pink ... uh , i guess that 's not important . '' 
 i was making a fool of myself . 
 coming here was a bad idea so i got up to leave . 
 `` sit down young man . '' 
 benjamin fenton said it with such anger as he stood tall as a chimney in front of me . 
 `` i 'd like to ask you a few questions . '' 
 there was just a little pause , then he said . 
 `` when was the last time you saw her ? 
 did anyone see you with her ? 
 what was she wearing ? 
 was it in town , or did you follow her to miller 's creek ? 
 did you follow her , in the dark , then attack her ... '' then he reached out and grabbed me by the collar and dragged me to my feet . 
 `` answer me , devil ! 
 did you follow her to the creek ? '' 
 jesus murphy he was strong ! 
 i started shaking . 
 i 'm not used to being pushed around , but this guy was really mad and really strong and i guess i started shaking . 
 `` i loved her . 
 god amighty , i think i loved her ! '' 
 i just blurted it out . 
 `` mr. fenton , i even did n't know her name - but i think i loved her , even since that first day at the pond . '' 
 he let me go and i fell back onto the chair . 
 i was n't sure i had said the right thing , then i noticed that my eyes were wet and when i looked up i could see that mr. fenton was crying too . 
 he tried to say something but it did n't come out right : `` i 'm ... now , i just ... just ... '' mr. fenton moved back a little and i jumped to my feet . 
 i knew what i should say and i said it loud . 
 `` mr. fenton , i want to find the bastard who killed her - and i will , i promise i will ! '' 
 when i finally left , the sun had settled in behind the bush and i could see the moon through dirty clouds . 
 i told ben everything i knew , which was n't much . 
 i told him how i met connie , how i felt when i read the story in the chronicle , how i quit my job to devote full time to finding the bloody bastard who did this thing . 
 ben fenton had been quiet most of the evening . 
 later , he opened the huge bible and read a passage - ca n't remember what , but it had something to do with the devil - then he pulled open a bottle of red wine and together we just sort of cried . 
 somehow it seemed okay . 
 i was n't mad and i did n't feel stupid because he was big as a pine tree and he was crying more than i was . 
 by the evening 's end i had grown to like him and understood better why i had grown to like connie - perhaps to love connie , strange as that may seem . 
 then ben told me about connie 's brothers , how they were all fired up and left the cottage last week . 
 ben had n't seen or heard from them since . 
 he had closed gobles variety store and stayed home , just mourning and drinking and crying and reading from the bible . 
 the wednesday chronicle arrived late , but mrs. harris called me and flung it down the stairs as soon as it arrived . 
 the paper still carried the occasional article about connie fenton , but the police were stymied and had no real clues to the murder . 
 they 're a bunch of nitwits . 
 now , three weeks after the first article , you might find something about her murder on page one thousand . 
 but there was now a new story and this story was on page one . 
 another girl missing leah farrel had supposedly been on vacation for two weeks , her friends had n't seen her , then she did n't show up for work and her friends got worried and called the police . 
 they broke into miss farrel 's apartment in the mayflower suites , spoken to tenants , contacted her relatives . 
 the girl was definitely missing ... and she had been a close friend of connie fenton . 
 the police suspected foul play and had searched miller 's creek and surrounding countryside without success . 
 it was perhaps a week after the first leah farrel story appeared in the paper that i found myself in kelly 's bar . 
 my bank account was running low , i had been eating mrs. harris ' meat loaf for what seemed like a month , i was getting nowhere with my investigation -lrb- although i had talked to maybe two dozen people -rrb- and there was bloody little in the chronicle . 
 the police even seemed to be evading direct questions from the reporters , as though they were hiding something . 
 maybe i was a little hasty in quitting my job . 
 at least if i were working and had access to the mill 's computer i could break into the police minicomputer , look at their records , see what they were doing . 
 i guess i was feeling sorry for myself . 
 after the third or fourth beer this guy walks up , sits beside me and orders a glass of tonic water . 
 somehow he looks familiar . 
 i was down to my last buck and was about to leave when this dude leans over and says `` buy you a drink ? '' 
 he was big and lanky , with a thin little beard that followed his chin from ear to ear . 
 `` no thanks , '' i said , `` i 'm leaving . '' 
 i got up and backed away from the bar . 
 he put his hand on my shoulder and pulled me back onto the stool and i was thinking of punching him when i recognized the face . 
 a fenton face , mr. fenton 's face , connie 's face . 
 i held my breath . 
 `` jonah , connie 's brother , '' he said , almost in a whisper . 
 then he looked around and pointed to a corner table and walked away without another word . 
 i watched him sit at the table , then i looked around exactly as he had , then i followed him . 
 bloody stupid , like some crummy black-and-white movie . 
 he started talking even before i sat down . 
 `` know anything ? '' 
 he asked . 
 this guy was staring . 
 `` nothing , '' i said , still whispering . 
 `` i know something , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` leah farrel is dead . '' 
 i felt like i was talking to a moron . 
 of course leah farrel was dead . 
 it was in the paper last week . 
 was this guy retarded ? 
 `` yeah , it was in the paper , '' i grunted . 
 `` no . 
 the paper said ` missing ' . 
 she 's dead . '' 
 i remembered now . 
 missing . 
 no body found . 
 i felt like a bloody asshole . 
 `` yeah , missing , '' i repeated . 
 maybe this guy knew more than i did . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it was weird , this conversation . 
 `` somebody killed her . '' 
 jesus murphy . 
 is this guy for real ? 
 `` yeah , i 'd say so . '' 
 i got up from the table . 
 he said '' ... and connie too . '' 
 i sat down again , hard enough to hurt my ass on the chair . 
 i did n't know if i was up to talking about connie fenton . 
 her murder had torn me apart . 
 i wanted to forget . 
 this jonah fellow went quiet and i got up after just a moment . 
 i gulped the last of my beer and turned to leave but another identical fenton face was staring at me and i sat down again . 
 this other guy seemed even taller than the first . 
 he sat down and whispered . 
 `` the letters . '' 
 `` letters ? 
 what letters ? '' 
 i was looking at them both , sitting side by side across the table from me , like twin fence posts . 
 `` pink letters . 
 threats . '' 
 i was n't sure who said it . 
 they both seemed to say it , together . 
 `` tell me about the letters , '' i said , looking back and forth at each of the brothers . 
 `` i do n't know anything about pink letters , threats . '' 
 `` connie got letters , pink letters . 
 they said she would die . '' 
 jesus murphy ! 
 the police never said anything about letters . 
 pink letters ? 
 `` what do you mean , ` pink ' letters ? '' 
 `` the paper was pink . '' 
 jonah had said that , i 'm sure . 
 i sat and stared and neither one said anything for a few minutes . 
 then they looked at each other , shook their heads , then the second brother got up and left . 
 i watched him go . 
 then the first brother , jonah , he got up and left too . 
 i was feeling stupid , weary and a little light-headed . 
 then i got up and left too . 
 the next day i walked to the mill and asked for my job back . 
 buck just grinned , then spat into the waste basket . 
 he has the demeanor of a sloth . 
 then he leaned back in his chair , smoothing that bloody black suit with both hands . 
 `` we already got a computer expert , better than you ever was . '' 
 not likely . 
 some snot-nosed bastard who read the goddamn manual and thinks he knows everything . 
 i was probably the only person in haversville who actually had a diploma in computer engineering . 
 `` let me talk to him , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll show you what an idiot he is . '' 
 i knew buck would n't turn me down . 
 he 'd like to see me fall on my ass . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she was just a kid , maybe eighteen or nineteen , with a pizza-face full of pock marks and dirty brown hair that came just barely to her ears . 
 `` kid , this here 's terry cleaver . 
 used to have your job . '' 
 buck was chewing his cigarette , his face one big smirk . 
 `` he wants to ask you a few questions . '' 
 the kid poked a few keys then swivelled in her chair and jumped up . 
 `` gee mr. cleaver , i 'm sure glad to meet you . 
 i really like what you 've done with the system files . 
 pretty tricky coding and hardly a bug anywhere . '' 
 hardly a bug anywhere ? 
 this little brat telling me ` hardly a bug ' ? 
 `` bug ? 
 you wo n't find any bugs in my programs , kid . '' 
 i wanted to say more but this little bastard was pumping my hand like i was some big wheel . 
 `` well , '' she said , `` not many . 
 it 's just the message-handler . 
 it 'll hang up the machine unless ... '' `` wait just a minute ! '' 
 no way i was going to let this shitfaced teenybopper tell me about programming . 
 besides , buck was about to burst out laughing . 
 `` look at this . '' 
 i pulled the kid out of the chair , sat down at the terminal and logged in as the superuser . 
 the dopes had n't even bothered to change the password . 
 then i called up the message-handler . 
 buck and pizza-face both watched me , quiet , and i went over the code . 
 i knew exactly what i had written and would recognize any change that shitface had made . 
 bastard ! 
 she had modified the program ! 
 the kid was bending over my shoulder . 
 `` you see mr. cleaver , if a user does n't terminate with a lower case ` q ' then the handler should just read a few null lines and stop . 
 the way you had it written , the handler would keep reading ... '' i was getting red and i felt it . 
 when i looked around , buck was killing himself laughing , his cigarette still stuck to his lips . '' 
 ... but what i really found slick was the way you ... '' the kid was still jabbering , but i was looking at buck . '' 
 ... so any remote machine could be accessed , like the police computer , without ... '' buck stopped laughing . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 i jumped up from the chair and patted the kid on the head , hard . 
 `` nice work kid , '' i said , still looking at buck . 
 `` did she say the police computer ? '' 
 buck 's cigarette had fallen from his lips and the kid looked worried and started to stutter . 
 `` oh no , no ... not the police computer . 
 did i say that ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i meant the ... uh , the ... '' `` the police recruiter , '' i suggested quickly . 
 `` he can be notified via computer in case of an emergency in the plant . '' 
 that was stupid . 
 police recruiter ? 
 it was the only word i could think of , in a hurry , that sounded like computer . 
 `` yeah , yeah , the police recruiter , '' the kid said enthusiastically . 
 it looked like there was a smile lurking behind her chewed-up face . 
 buck just grunted and stared at us , then he turned and walked toward the door . 
 before leaving he looked over his shoulder and he had a big ugly grin on his big ugly face . 
 `` cleaver , find another job . 
 you ai n't working here no more . '' 
 actually , the kid was n't so bad after all . 
 her name was rita . 
 she 'd flunked out of school at seventeen , her parents had abused her , they 'd separated , and she lived with and was supporting an old aunt . 
 she 'd taught herself computers and was really pleased to have the job at the mill - and she really was impressed with my mods to the system files . 
 she apologized umpteen times for having mentioned my piracy of the police files , then went on to show me how to access their computer without leaving a login trail . 
 jesus murphy she was good . 
 after work -lrb- her work , not mine -rrb- we walked along teaker 's lane and sat on the bench at the end of the park . 
 i do n't know why , but i told her all about connie . 
 maybe i needed to explain why i wanted the police files . 
 maybe i needed to explain why i found connie so attractive . 
 maybe i just needed to talk . 
 anyway , rita listened patiently and even seemed angry at the bloody waste of life and asked if she could help in tracking down the killer . 
 i said i had almost given up , but rita insisted that we go on with the investigation . 
 she would provide all the information from the police files . 
 that was wednesday , september 16 . 
 i know because it was my birthday . 
 i saw rita that weekend and i was actually looking forward to it . 
 she was a nice kid , i liked her , we were friends , and we were in this together - and she had some information for me ... for us . 
 it was about the pink letters . 
 connie fenton i thought that the first letter was a joke , a magical missive , and i was thrilled . 
 it was a wonderful , electrifying statement . 
 it said : sister of the devil , you are dead it was slipped under my door and i found it that first saturday in august . 
 i read it again and again and again while i sipped my morning tea and knew right away that it was from leah . 
 she 's my best friend and lives in the apartment at the end of the hall . 
 it was just the sort of thing she would do . 
 so i wrote her a note and slipped it under her door that very same evening . 
 i even bought some pink paper on my way home from work , just as she had done . 
 i 'll bet we even bought it at the same store . 
 i spent some time thinking of some fantastical , mysterious and mystic reply but eventually wrote simply : you 're dead too ! 
 i saw leah at church the next day . 
 she was talking to father pollicciano after the service , standing on the front steps . 
 most of the congregation had left but she was still talking , and she looked nervous . 
 i waited , then caught up with her at the corner of almond and chelsea . 
 i just sneaked up behind and whispered : `` sister of the devil , you 're dead . '' 
 she jumped a mile high and when i saw her face i was really sorry i had said it . 
 she was pale as a ghost . 
 `` gee leah , i 'm sorry if i frightened you . 
 i just thought ... well , you know . '' 
 `` oh connie , i 'm so frightened . '' 
 she blurted it out as though it had been building inside . 
 `` somebody wants to kill me ! '' 
 then i really felt badly about the pink letter . 
 `` no , no . 
 leah , it was me . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i was so thrilled with your note that i thought you 'd like one too ... you know . '' 
 then she just stared at me , saying nothing , as though she was n't listening . 
 `` the letter , the pink letter you slipped under my door yesterday ? '' 
 i said it as though it were a question . 
 `` remember ? 
 i gave you one too , last night . '' 
 she stared at me then whispered . 
 `` i did n't give you a pink letter . '' 
 then , as though she just realized that i had given her a second pink letter , she said `` what did your note say ? '' 
 i tried to recall what mysterious words i had decided upon and felt a little embarrassed at my lack of imagination . '' 
 ` you 're dead too ' . 
 that 's what i wrote . '' 
 leah began to cry and put her arms around me and i knew i had been stupid . 
 but was n't life a game and was n't she playing it too ? 
 `` not that note , '' she sobbed . 
 `` i knew that note was from you . 
 it was the other notes , four of them . 
 all on pink stationery , all threatening to kill me , all calling me the sister of the devil . '' 
 we sat for an hour in my apartment and she told me of the threats . 
 she had n't sent me my note . 
 she would never do a thing like that , she said . 
 we were both getting notes addressed to sister of the devil . 
 i tried to tell her it was somebody 's strange sense of humor . 
 it was exciting and she should enjoy the thrill , but she would n't listen . 
 after she left i took a hot bath and went right to bed . 
 leah farrel was seeing bunnies and imagining dragons . 
 but the following week i found another pink letter at my door : sister of the devil , thou shalt be deformed unto dust from whence you came within the next ten days there were two more : sister of the devil , thy body shall be torn asunder and cast to the swine sister of the devil , no more shall man covet thy body these things should n't happen , not to me , not to connie fenton . 
 then , on sunday , august 16 , someone killed leah farrel , tearing her poor body to pieces . 
 she had been wearing my pink bathing suit , and i knew that i would be next . 
 i stayed awake all night . 
 the next day i left haversville without saying a word to anyone . 
 my magical life - where had it gone ? 
 pink and i found her as a harlot garbed in pink and i cast her riven body to the dust so that she would no more defile the essence of woman , no more evoke the lust of man . 
 great lord of the world , breath of life , weep not for the damned for i have cleansed the world of the devil 's kin . 
 connie fenton i stayed in the town of dunnborne for nearly a month , working part-time as a waitress . 
 the pink letters had been a dream , a nightmare , a fantasy . 
 yet i knew in my heart that they were real and that i was in danger . 
 i spoke little to anyone except , of course , to clem who i had known since i was a child . 
 leah farrel was dead . 
 i had thought about it every night and i knew that i was partly to blame . 
 she had been wearing my bathing suit . 
 on sunday , i took the first morning bus back to haversville . 
 i needed to talk to somebody . 
 i knew that the service would end at ten , so i waited across the street . 
 i could n't let anyone see me . 
 i had read the articles in the chronicle and the press and knew that the police thought i had been murdered that sunday in august , at miller 's creek . 
 yet i knew . 
 it was leah 's body they had found , in pieces , mutilated beyond recognition . 
 but i had seen leah speak to the priest , just two weeks before she was murdered , that day she had told me of her pink letters and i had told her of mine . 
 had she not gone to father pollicciano for help , for guidance ? 
 i must do the same . 
 the doors of saint teresa 's opened and the people began to wander down the wide concrete stairs . 
 father pollicciano was standing at the top , talking and shaking hands . 
 it took nearly thirty minutes for the crowd to leave . 
 i waited , then walked slowly across the road to the church , pulled open the heavy door and walked in . 
 outside it was cool and i had pulled my coat collar about my face , for warmth and concealment , but inside the church it was stifling hot . 
 father pollicciano was speaking to the altar boys before the statue of the virgin and i waited . 
 soon they left , filing out through the small door to the right of the altar , and father pollicciano stood alone staring up at the virgin mary , his hands caressing her feet , his lips moving in silent prayer . 
 then he stopped and turned his head , slowly , then he looked straight at me . 
 we were alone in this great dark cavern of polished wood . 
 when he beckoned i walked to him , slowly . 
 he leaned forward and squinted , then i could see him stagger a little and place a hand upon the bronze feet of the virgin mary . 
 `` constance , my child , '' he said in a hoarse voice , `` you are alive . 
 dear god , you are alive . '' 
 and he came to me and embraced me and i began to shake , but he held me tightly and whispered in my ear . 
 `` we thought you were gone , departed of this world , risen to the heaven to sit at the hand of god . '' 
 when i looked up at him he was crying - and i began to cry . 
 `` no father , it was not my body they found at miller 's creek . 
 it was leah farrel . 
 she had been frightened , she was getting threatening letters , she was tired , she had n't been able to sleep . 
 i told her of the pond , by miller 's creek . '' 
 father pollicciano looked with gentle eyes and listened to every word . 
 we stood facing each other , a thin ribbon of colored light running brightly across his face from the stained glass window above the virgin mary . 
 he was leaning forward slightly , staring at me , his hands clasped by his waist . 
 `` i said she should spend the afternoon , resting . 
 she had no bathing suit . 
 i gave her mine . 
 it was small for her , but she took it and went to the pond . 
 that day is blurry in my mind , but i know that ... that ... '' he pulled me to him and held me and i began to cry again . 
 `` i do remember that she did n't come home that evening , and i got worried . 
 i rode to the creek on my bicycle and found her body . 
 it was ... it was dismantled ... and - '' again he held me , very tightly , too tightly . 
 i could feel his body shaking . 
 father pollicciano was trembling . 
 when i did n't continue he held me away from him and i could see that he was disturbed . 
 `` my child . 
 what a tragedy to behold . '' 
 he paused and stared at me with a strange , wild look . 
 there was a glow in his eye . 
 he was clothed entirely in black and looked frightening . 
 `` great god of the world , '' he whispered , `` breath of life , weep for this child who has been witness to the work of the devil 's kin . '' 
 then he led me to his rooms beyond the altar . 
 rita bullas when this jerk first walked in , i knew who he was and what he wanted . 
 terry cleaver , and he wanted his job back . 
 no way . 
 i 'd earned it . 
 i deserved it . 
 sure , he 'd done some neat things on the system files but some of it was pure crap and the prick thought he was some sort of genius . 
 but i was n't takin ' no chances . 
 i 'd butter him up , kiss his ass , make out like he was a big fart and even if bucky gave him his old job back there 'd still be a place for me . 
 i needed the cash . 
 my aunt was no spring chicken and the doctor 's bills came every week . 
 besides , you should have seen his face when i just happened to mention that he was screwin ' around with the police computer . 
 after that he was no more big fart . 
 bucky was splittin ' a gut one minute then the next he went white in the chops . 
 ` police recruiter ' , what a laugh . 
 after that , cleaver came around . 
 he 's not a bad guy actually . 
 i 'd read about that fenton dame and it seemed like a cool cha-cha to actually go after the guy who did it . 
 so i crashed into the cop minicomputer and came out with a dozen files , all labelled fenton-something . 
 that weekend we met in the park by teaker 's lane and i showed the stuff to cleaver . 
 he was only interested in one file : fenton.letters . 
 `` jesus murphy , '' he 'd said , `` this is what jonah was talking about . '' 
 well , i did n't know this creep jonah but i knew cleaver would tell me , so i just kept cool . 
 `` connie has two brothers . 
 one is jonah . 
 he said something about ` pink letters ' . '' 
 cleaver read the fenton.letters file at least a dozen times . 
 i just waited . 
 `` connie was getting letters , on pink paper . 
 the other girl , leah something , she was too . 
 they were threats . 
 look , here 's one . '' 
 cleaver held the printout up so i could read it : sister of the devil thy body shall be torn asunder and cast to the swine `` the bastard ! 
 he cut her to pieces ! 
 the dirty rotten bastard ! '' 
 i waited and cleaver turned his head and i could see he was about to bawl so i got up from the bench and walked to the lake . 
 i ca n't stand it when men bawl . 
 the ducks was quackin ' and the geese was honkin ' and the sun was so fuckin ' bright on the lake that it hurt your eyes and i could feel the tears comin ' ... just from the glare , that 's all . 
 when i looked back to the bench , cleaver was gone . 
 i knew where he lived , in the basement of mrs. harris ' house , but i figured i 'd leave him be . 
 he knew where i worked . 
 he 'd get in touch . 
 terry cleaver connie had been getting letters , threatening letters , typed on pink stationary . 
 she must have known that her life was in danger , yet when i spoke again to ben fenton he said his daughter never said a word about the letters . 
 rita went with me , to benjamin fenton 's cottage in gobles . 
 `` no , connie never mentioned any letters , '' ben said . 
 `` but i 'm not surprised . 
 she usually kept things to herself , did n't say much , often seemed in a world of her own . '' 
 then he looked around as though somebody was listening . 
 `` what 's funny is the pink . '' 
 then he just stared at me , completely ignoring rita who sat at the table flipping through that gigantic bible . 
 benjamin fenton had by now accepted connie 's death and had opened gobles variety store again , but i could tell that my bringing up the subject was causing him some distress . 
 he paced back and forth across the small room , then sat in a chair and began to speak in a voice that quivered with either rage or despair . 
 `` pink was connie 's favorite color , '' he said . 
 `` everything she owned had something pink . 
 a ribbon , a collar , a belt . '' 
 he paused and rita cut in : `` whoever sent those threats knew connie well enough to use pink paper . '' 
 ben turned to look at rita as though he had noticed her for the first time . 
 `` yes ... i suppose , '' ben said , the words coming slowly . 
 he seemed now to be looking past rita , at the wall behind . 
 i looked at rita , then at the wall and soon rita had turned to look at the wall . 
 then , as though we were both thinking the same thoughts , rita and i got up and went to look at the faded photos . 
 there were perhaps twenty pictures on the wall , mostly of ben and his two boys fishing or playing ball or driving some old tractor on a muddy field . 
 but there were a couple of connie and one , just one , of a woman in her twenties with a baby in her arms . 
 `` that 's connie 's mother , '' ben said . 
 `` it 's the only picture i have of her . 
 she was nineteen when jonah was born , twenty-one when she had joshua and ... '' rita and i both looked around and saw ben crying . 
 i felt like i should n't have come to gobles , to dig up old memories , to cause this man such grief . 
 `` i 'm sorry mr. fenton , '' i said . 
 `` i really did n't mean to - '' `` no , no , it 's quite all right . 
 it 's been a long time . 
 norah died when connie was five . 
 it 's been a long time . '' 
 i noticed that rita had slipped out the front door . 
 she did n't like to see ben cry . 
 `` norah always wore pink , just like connie does ... did . '' 
 ben had come to the wall and together we looked at the photograph of his wife holding connie in her arms . 
 `` when norah was killed ... , '' then he stopped and wiped his eyes and turned to gaze out the window . 
 rita was leaning against a rickety fence , chewing on a stick . 
 ben seemed to be staring at her . 
 `` did you say ` killed ' ? '' 
 i said , but ben did n't answer . 
 instead he turned to me and pointed to the door . 
 `` i think you 'd better go . 
 i have to get back to the store . '' 
 he spoke in a deep voice , in a matter-of-fact way as though he had forgotten what he had just said , forgotten about connie 's murder . 
 it was sunday and i could n't really believe that he had to work at his store , but we left without another word . 
 when rita and i got back to haversville we stopped at kelly 's bar and talked , over a beer . 
 `` if connie 's old lady was killed then it woulda been in the papers . 
 we should look - '' rita said . 
 `` why ? 
 what connection could there be , '' i interrupted . 
 `` jesus murphy , these murders were maybe fifteen , twenty years apart ! 
 besides , ben said connie 's mother was killed , not murdered . 
 it could have been an accident , like maybe she was killed by a mad dog . '' 
 `` how can we tell , unless we check it out ? '' 
 rita was right . 
 maybe there was a connection . 
 so the next evening , after rita came home from work , we drove to dunnborne . 
 rita had bought a rusty old chev with only half its complement of windows , but it sure as hell beat walking . 
 dunnborne was a sleepy village with just a corner grocery , a post office , a one-room police station and a small hardware store with a hand-painted sign which said `` everithing for the handiman '' . 
 but dunnborne did have a small country newspaper which had a reputation for printing all the local gossip . 
 `` yup , i remember , sure nuff . 
 norah fenton , beautiful gal , simple , always helpin ' others , always bright 'n' cheery , ca n't say she had a single enemy , yet there she was , killt dead in the meadow crosst from shulley 's farm , raped , clothes torn right off . '' 
 clemence broden was the editor of the dunnborne press and everything he said just ran on and on in a continuous stream . 
 i wondered if his paper had the same characteristic . 
 i suspected it did . 
 `` what color was her dress ? '' 
 rita was right on track . 
 it was just what i had intended to ask . 
 clem pulled his pipe from his mouth , stared at it awhile then grinned , his cheeks breaking out in a thousand creases , a single yellow tooth peeking from under his gums . 
 he must have been a thousand years old . 
 `` pink , that 's it , pink , cuz i remember seeing her in church with that same dress and the missus , clara , she wanted one just like it but you could n't buy it round here and i was n't about to get it thru no catalog , ca n't trust the mails , ca n't trust the postmaster . '' 
 i looked at rita . 
 pink . 
 was there some connection ? 
 we bought a copy of the dunnborne press and drove back to haversville . 
 sure enough , the paper read just like old clem talked . 
 mrs. harris seemed pleased to see us and had already pulled a meatloaf from the oven , setting it on the table , hoping we would be back before it got cold . 
 by the time we got home , it was cold . 
 `` it 's about time you got yourself a friend , '' mrs. harris said , her eyes lighting up , her face beaming as she watched rita . 
 i guess i blushed just a little and looked at rita out the corner of my eye . 
 she was wolfing down her portion of meatloaf as though it was the first time she had eaten home-cooked in weeks . 
 rita looked up , grinned with cheeks bulging , then went back to eating . 
 i smiled politely and mrs. harris left us alone . 
 after we ate we went to my rooms in the basement and i made notes of what had been said this day , by benjamin fenton , by clemence broden . 
 rita was sitting across from me at the table , leafing through the pile of papers , notes , police reports . 
 `` did you read this ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 've read everything on this table - several times . '' 
 `` you did n't say anything about braces on her teeth , '' she said . 
 i stopped writing . 
 `` let me see that . '' 
 i slid the police report from her hand and read it for the umpteenth time . 
 when they found connie 's body at miller 's creek , or at least the pieces of her body , they also found braces . 
 i read the report once more . 
 it did list braces among the items found with the body . 
 i remember now . 
 i did n't think of braces as in braces on her teeth . 
 actually , i had n't the faintest idea of what the police report had been talking about . 
 but braces on her teeth . 
 why had n't i thought of that ? 
 `` connie did n't wear braces on her teeth , '' i said , still staring at the report . 
 i do n't know how i knew this , but i was certain . 
 `` but braces go on , then they come off , then on again . 
 maybe you just never saw her with braces on . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sure . 
 she did n't wear braces . '' 
 rita and i looked at each other for perhaps a minute , then rita said it first . 
 `` then the girl at the creek was n't connie . '' 
 i felt my heart pounding and i could hardly breathe . 
 rita seemed to know what i was thinking , what i was feeling . 
 `` well , hold on cleaver . 
 she ai n't around , right ? 
 maybe they just have n't found her body . 
 or maybe it was her body they found and she just happened to be wearing her braces that day . '' 
 rita was right , as usual , but we had to be sure . 
 i tried to say something but the words would n't come . 
 `` okay , i know what you 're thinking , '' rita said . 
 `` the police files . 
 they must have something else , something that will clear this up . '' 
 she grinned and whispered . 
 `` i 'll get in tonight . 
 want to come along ? '' 
 connie fenton we sat side-by-side on a couch in a small room at the back of the church . 
 it was very dark and i wanted to ask father pollicciano if he would mind opening the heavy drapes , but he was staring at me with such a strange look that i was somehow frightened . 
 there was a candle burning on the wall , beneath a tiny statue of jesus on the cross . 
 the candle flickered and i could see the lines of light and shadow dancing on his face . 
 `` tell me , my child , what do you know of miss farrel 's death . '' 
 how did he know that leah was dead ? 
 had i told him ? 
 i could n't remember . 
 `` i was worried when she did n't return from the pond , so i went there , on my bike , and found her body . '' 
 i could hear the tremble in my own voice . 
 `` it was terrible , '' i said . 
 `` what did you see , at miller 's creek ? '' 
 did i say miller 's creek ? 
 had n't i said the pond ? 
 how did he know ? 
 `` there were pieces of flesh and blood everywhere , her body completely dismantled . '' 
 i guess i was crying and the words came out shaking . 
 `` but i recognized the bathing suit - it was mine , a pink suit with a collar that i made at the dress shop . '' 
 he placed his right hand on my knee and made the sign of the cross with his left hand . 
 i ca n't recall a priest using his left hand for the cross . 
 `` go on , my child . '' 
 `` it was my pink suit . 
 the pond is always deserted . 
 it 's where i go to swim . 
 i knew that whoever did it was really after me . '' 
 he closed his eyes and whispered something . 
 i could n't hear what he said but his face looked in pain . 
 i waited and when he opened his eyes he looked straight at me . 
 `` great god of the world , forgive these trespasses for they know not what they do . '' 
 my god , he thinks i killed her ! 
 i tried to get up from the couch but he pulled me back . 
 i pulled away and he let go and i slipped to the floor , then half-ran , half-crawled to the door . 
 it was locked ! 
 when i turned he was there , standing beneath the candle , beneath the son of god , all in black , his hands folded in prayer , his eyes glowing like they were on fire - and he was staring at me.then he walked toward me , slowly . 
 i was shaking , sobbing , my hands trembling . 
 `` father pollicciano ? 
 are you in there ? '' 
 it was a voice from beyond the door ! 
 somebody was trying to get in ! 
 i turned and held my hands to the heavy door , shouting : `` help ! 
 let me out ! '' 
 i heard a key click , then the brass handle turned and the door swung open . 
 `` father ? 
 is there something wrong ? '' 
 it was mrs. walker , the housekeeper . 
 i pushed past her and ran . 
 i did n't look back . 
 it was n't until the bus reached dunnborne that i stopped shaking . 
 he knew everything . 
 father pollicciano knew that it was leah who had been butchered . 
 the police did n't know that , but he knew . 
 why had he locked the door to the room ? 
 why did he blame me for leah 's death ? 
 he would come after me . 
 dear jesus , my magical world has turned to a nightmare . 
 the next morning i called in sick . 
 i just could n't be cheerful and smiling to all the customers at jim 's lunch . 
 yet i knew that 's why they hired me ; i was cheerful - usually . 
 life had been , for me , a magical experience and i ca n't remember ever being sad or unhappy , except maybe once ... long ago ... when i was very young ... but i ca n't remember . 
 the old house had been boarded up for years and when clem suggested i use it , for free , i was delighted . 
 clem is such a nice man . 
 i guess he owns many properties in the county and i guess he 's pretty rich , but he 's always been so helpful and so kind . 
 i slept very little that night , thinking about father pollicciano . 
 the next morning i put on my heavy coat , even though it was a mild day , and walked to clem 's house with the collar pulled high , covering my face . 
 everyone seemed to be staring at me . 
 clem was setting the type , but he stopped immediately and we went to his rooms in the back . 
 i told him everything . 
 then i ran home , locked all the doors , pulled the curtains and hid in the basement . 
 i would live there , forever . 
 and father pollicciano would not find me , ever . 
 yet , that very same night i heard noises and i knew somebody was trying to get in . 
 i curled up and pulled the blankets about me and closed my eyes and the world turned to pink . 
 i could see the devil and he was in a pink robe and fire flickered from his nostrils and he stood at the head of the stairs and i rose from my bed and walked to him as in a trance . 
 he spoke to me , softly , and beckoned me to come . 
 great lord of the world , breath of life , i am thy servant . 
 command me and i shall obey , for the devil rides this way and shall inherit the earth lest i cleanse the world of his kin . 
 rita bullas terry was lookin ' over my shoulder , impatient . 
 i had to make this good . 
 i punched up the number as fast as i could , keyed in the userid and password and immediately asked for all files containing the word fenton . 
 there was a little pause , then the screen was filled with an alphabetical listing . 
 terry was breathin ' hard and i knew he had been holdin ' his breath ; he always does that . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` see ? '' 
 he pointed to the file labelled : fenton.body . 
 it had been created august 18 and modified most recently on september 8 . 
 i opened the file and we stared at the contents without speakin ' . 
 the body had been found on the 18th . 
 there was a listing of items found with the body , includin ' a reference to braces . 
 after each item was a time . 
 the collar of the bathing suit was found at 12:11 and some body parts at 3:12 , 3:13 and 5:04 . 
 the braces were found at 10:08 and there was some other notation after this : lf.body . 
 `` what the hell 's going on here ? '' 
 terry 's voice was shaking . 
 `` 12:11 then 3:12 then 5:04 ? . 
 and what does lf.body mean ? '' 
 it came to me like a flash and i knew i was right . 
 `` they are n't times . 
 they 're locations where they found stuff . 
 i think - '' and cleaver finished my sentence . 
 he ai n't so stupid . 
 `` clock directions . 
 3:12 , three o'clock , twelve feet away . 
 10:08 , the braces were found at 10 o'clock , 8 feet away . '' 
 `` and what 's 12 o'clock ? '' 
 i mumble , even though i know the answer . 
 `` uh ... i 'd say north is 12 o'clock , '' he says . 
 cleaver 's a smart dude , but i know what lf.body means . 
 `` leah farrel has some files of her own , and one of them is called lf.body . '' 
 i said it loud . 
 `` let me sit down . '' 
 cleaver nearly pulled me outta my chair . 
 i thought i was doin ' a good job but he was real fired up so i just let him go . 
 he opened the lf.body file and there it was , clear as day : dental identification : leah a. farrel then came all the same location info that had been in fenton 's file : 12:11 and 3:08 and so on . 
 in fact , the first half of farrel 's file was just a copy of fenton 's file . 
 `` cleaver , look at the creation date of this file . 
 september 8 . 
 that 's when connie 's file was last modified . '' 
 `` that means they closed connie 's file and started this one . '' 
 cleaver looked right up at me and i could see he was holding his breath again . 
 `` they know that the body was n't connie 's - they 've known it for weeks . '' 
 he said it all in a rush , then he started to breathe hard . 
 `` it was leah farrel ... the body they found was leah 's . 
 then why did n't they say that , in the newspaper ? 
 i knew they were hiding something ! '' 
 then i heard a noise down the hall . 
 `` cleaver , let 's get out of here . '' 
 i reached over and punched a key and the screen went blank . 
 `` what 'd you do ? '' 
 cleaver was looking at the black screen , but now we could hear voices so we crept to the window and crawled out . 
 i closed the window behind me , we ran across the parking lot . 
 then i saw the cop car with its headlights still on , so we headed out across the field and circled back to get my old chevy . 
 when we got to his basement apartment it was near 4 a.m. and i explained the function key i had programmed to logout , shut down and leave no trace of who done what to what . 
 cleaver thought it was hot shit . 
 anyway , we argued about what to do next , then i must have fallen asleep on his couch cause the next thing i know i could smell coffee and bacon and the sun was pourin ' in the lousy window up in the corner of the room . 
 he had the table set and he was beamin ' so i knew he had somethin' up his sleeve . 
 terry cleaver i could n't sleep . 
 rita was snoring like a drunkard but i kept going over everything in my mind . 
 by the time the light started coming through the basement window i think i had it all straight . 
 i was even whistling as i cooked up the bacon and eggs . 
 i brought a plate right up to rita 's nose and i could see her come to life . 
 she was going to enjoy my analysis as well as she 'd enjoy my breakfast . 
 i started right in : `` here 's the way i see it . 
 connie lends leah her bathing suit and tells her about cleaver 's pond . 
 no other way leah could know about the pond . 
 leah goes swimming and gets attacked , torn apart . 
 connie gets worried . 
 she 'd been getting these pink letters , threatening letters . 
 pink , just like the bathing suit . 
 pink , just like her mother 's dress , the day she was killed . '' 
 rita puts up her hand to interrupt , like she was in school or something , but i keep on talking . 
 `` connie was just a kid when her mother was attacked , but she remembers . 
 especially , she remembers the pink dress , so she wears pink herself . 
 the killer knows that and chooses pink paper to write his letters . 
 connie is scared stiff . 
 she gets out of town , quick , without telling anybody . 
 not her dad , not her friends , nobody . '' 
 rita has stopped eating and now she 's listening with both ears . 
 `` except , maybe , she tells her brothers , because they knew about the pink letters . 
 they told me , that day in kelly 's bar . '' 
 this is where i come up with the big idea . 
 `` and where is connie now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 rita is still listening even though her plate still has a strip of bacon , untouched . 
 i reach over and take her hand . 
 `` rita ... connie is living in dunnborne . '' 
 rita pulls her hand away and goes back to her bacon . 
 `` nuts , '' she says . 
 `` if she 's still alive she 'd go back to gobles , to her dad . '' 
 she crumples the bacon into her mouth like a stick of chewing gum . 
 `` that turd has n't seen her since she disappeared . '' 
 she takes a big swig of coffee . 
 `` turd ? 
 mr. fenton ? 
 do n't talk that way . 
 he 's a nice man , he loves connie , he 's worried . '' 
 `` did you see that bible of his ? 
 biggest bloody bible i ever seen . 
 and it 's got red marks all through , circles and lines , all over . '' 
 `` so ? 
 he 's a religious man , that 's all . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 every time there 's mention of the devil , it 's circled . 
 the guy 's some kind of weirdo . '' 
 rita leans back and burps . 
 `` why dunnborne ? '' 
 she says no more , but i know what she means . 
 `` because that 's where connie 's mother was killed . '' 
 i had come to this conclusion after hours of racking my brain . 
 i do n't know why , but it seemed exactly right . 
 `` then she 'd stay away from the place . '' 
 rita seemed disgusted , but i knew in my heart that connie was there . 
 i got up and headed for the door . 
 `` c'mon . 
 we 're going to dunnborne . '' 
 rita looked at her watch . 
 it was about 7:30 a.m. and i remembered that rita had a job . 
 she did n't have to say anything . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll go to dunnborne , '' i said . 
 `` take my car , '' she said . 
 `` drop me off at the mill , then take it . '' 
 rita was a little rough around the edges but she was a good kid . 
 i dropped her off and i took her car . 
 by the time i reached dunnborne it was nearly ten o'clock in the morning and the little town was bustling . 
 i was n't exactly sure where to go or who to ask . 
 there was only one person i knew , so i went to the press and asked for clem broden . 
 he was wearing an apron which had probably been white at one time ; now it was streaked with ink . 
 `` hello young fella , back agin i see , good thing cuz there 's somethin' y ' oughta know . '' 
 he hooked his thumb toward the window and i looked out but there was just the street , nothing else . 
 `` connie , '' he said in a whisper . 
 i looked out the window again and my heart started to heave in my chest . 
 `` connie fenton ? 
 where ? '' 
 `` shhh , come on in , we 'll talk . '' 
 he led me to a dark and littered room in the back and pushed a chair in my direction , then he pulled out his pipe and began sucking it , dry . 
 `` yes , miss fenton is here , lives at the edge of town , a deserted boarding house , was n't about to say nothin ' to nobody but then she tells me about you and i figure - '' `` about me ? '' 
 my heart was sticking into my throat and i gagged . 
 clem looked worried . 
 `` you the red-headed buck , swims at the pond ? '' 
 `` yes , yes . 
 that 's me . '' 
 `` that 's i , '' he says , and grins . 
 `` well , she tells me about you , says she has nowhere to turn , even some priest is after her . '' 
 clem looks into his pipe , shakes it a little , then starts sucking it again . 
 `` says you 're a nice kid , work at the mill in haversville , computer operator she says . '' 
 i felt embarrassed at having lost my job , but said nothing and clem continues . 
 `` so when i tell her you was here , same red head and freckles , askin ' questions , she gets excited , says she 's goin ' to look you up , ask you to help , cuz she needs a friend or two . '' 
 `` two ! '' 
 i blurted it out . 
 `` rita and me . '' 
 clem looked around , did n't see rita and grunted . 
 `` rita had to work today - at the mill - computer operator . '' 
 as soon as i said it i felt like an asshole . 
 could he tell just by looking at me that rita had swiped my job ? 
 `` can i see connie ? 
 where does she live ? 
 does she work in town ? 
 could you - '' `` whoa there young fella . '' 
 he walked to the window and pointed up the street with his thumb . 
 `` end of the road , old grey brick house , green shutters , bloody awful purple picket fence out front . '' 
 he grinned as though that was funny . 
 i left immediately , then felt guilty for not having thanked him . 
 when i looked back he was standing at the window , all smiles . 
 dunnborne is an intersection that calls itself a town . 
 a few hundred yards from the intersection you 're back out among the corn fields again . 
 right on the edge of town stands this big grey house amid a dozen chestnut trees , at the end of a long dirt driveway lined with a purple picket fence . 
 i stopped for a minute and looked at every window , expecting to see her face peering at me through curtains . 
 the house seemed empty . 
 i walked up to the porch and knocked on the door . 
 i waited for some time , but no one answered , so i walked to the back and found a window without curtains . 
 i cupped my hands to my brow and peered through . 
 i could n't believe what i saw . 
 there was a light burning on the floor , in the middle of the room , and two tall dark figures were standing there with the light between them . 
 they did n't move . 
 then a third figure came into the light , dressed in a robe , walking to the light and raising his arms and swaying back and forth . 
 it seemed like some bloody cult ritual . 
 then the light went out and all i could see were shadows and they were coming to the window ! 
 i turned and ran . 
 when i got to the press building i thought of talking to clem broden , but did n't . 
 what would i say ? 
 some weird guys are living in the old house . 
 instead , i slipped into a burger joint next to clem 's and ordered a plate of fries . 
 did connie really live in that house ? 
 who were the three guys i saw ? 
 was connie in any danger ? 
 somehow my plans to find the bastard who murdered connie seemed of little importance . 
 according to the haversville police files , it was leah farrel who had been murdered . 
 according to clem , connie was still alive . 
 then why was i still carrying out some kind of bloody investigation ? 
 stupid ! 
 i should go home and forget about it . 
 who gives a shit anyway ? 
 ian woolner i was n't sure of anything anymore . 
 we had identified the body as that of leah farrel . 
 we also knew that connie fenton had been threatened ; same letters on pink stationary , same handwriting , same phrases : sister of the devil . 
 then , before we had a chance to put a tail on fenton , she vanishes . 
 her old man knows nothing , her brothers have n't been seen for weeks . 
 i had placed the entire police force , such as it is in a small town like haversville , on the case . 
 then we get a call from pollicciano . 
 fenton had been to see him . 
 the priest is worried , so the next day i go to see him . 
 it was tuesday , september 22 . 
 `` and do you know where we might find the fenton girl ? '' 
 we were sitting in a small room in back of the church . 
 father pollicciano was dressed casually in a heavy wool sweater and slacks and looked relaxed in a big red leather chair . 
 `` no , inspector . 
 she has apparently moved out of town . 
 at least none of my congregation has seen her for some time . '' 
 `` and you say that miss fenton was convinced that someone was after her ? '' 
 `` yes , she said she had been receiving threatening letters , that someone had killed miss farrel and the same person was after her . '' 
 he paused for a moment then leaned forward and said , in a whisper as though somebody was listening : `` you mean you knew all along that the body at miller 's creek was n't that of miss fenton ? '' 
 i found myself whispering . 
 `` at first we thought is was the fenton girl , then the coroner identified the body as that of leah farrel . '' 
 i looked around . 
 `` is there some reason we 're whispering ? '' 
 pollicciano laughed . 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 he leaned back , crossed his legs and pulled a package of cigarettes from beneath his sweater . 
 `` why did you keep that a secret ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` it was n't in the papers . '' 
 he knocked out a cigarette , looked around for a match , then tossed the pack on the table . 
 `` we did n't want to give the killer too much information . '' 
 i said . 
 `` if fenton was really in danger , then it would be best if the killer thought she was dead . '' 
 the priest was still looking around for a match . 
 i offered my lighter and he grinned sheepishly . 
 `` bad habit , '' he muttered , lighting his cigarette . 
 `` i preach the good life yet do not practice it . 
 mrs. walker keeps reminding me . 
 she 's my housekeeper . '' 
 he looked about as though he expected mrs. walker to walk in and catch him smoking , took a deep drag , held it for seconds , then blew out a ring of smoke toward the ceiling . 
 `` but then i 've never felt that smoking was necessarily associated with a bad life , have you ? '' 
 he put my lighter on the table . 
 `` i do n't smoke , '' i said . 
 he seemed surprised . 
 i reached over and retrieved the lighter . 
 `` the lighter is for ... lighting a barbecue . '' 
 i got up to leave . 
 `` father , i would appreciate it if you would tell no one about miss fenton 's visit yesterday . '' 
 father pollicciano nodded , leaned out of his chair , looked around for a place to put his cigarette then pushed it into the soil of a pink potted plant . 
 `` fertilizer , '' he whispered . 
 when i got back to the station , chuck was waiting for me . 
 `` the chev parked at the mill last night is registered in the name of rita bullas . 
 the kid works at the mill , a computer nut . 
 she 's no dummy . 
 whoever accessed our files last night was no dummy either . 
 must have been the bullas kid . '' 
 chuck was a bright lad who wanted my job . 
 `` then put a tail on her , '' i says . 
 `` i want to know everywhere she goes , everything she does . '' 
 `` we already have . 
 and cleaver ? '' 
 chuck smiles like i had forgotten about terry cleaver , and he was there to remind me . 
 `` him too , '' i says , not even looking at chuck . 
 by the time lunch rolls around i figured i should drive out to see fenton 's dad , again . 
 he must be hiding something . 
 she would have been in touch . 
 and her brothers , where the hell were they ? 
 while i was in gobles i could also drop by the press and talk to clemence broden . 
 he 's one smart fellow . 
 i left a note saying where i 'd be for the rest of the day . 
 terry cleaver i was half-way back to haversville when i knew i had to go back . 
 if connie really lived in that old house and if there was something going on there , i could n't just leave as though i had n't seen anything . 
 i pulled off the road , turned around and headed back to gobles . 
 shit . 
 it had started to rain and i could see it was going to get worse . 
 by the time i pulled into town it was all thunder and lightning . 
 the old grey house seemed bigger this time , and darker , but there were n't any lights in the windows . 
 i waited for maybe ten minutes , parked on the street across from the driveway . 
 then i got out and ran to the porch . 
 i got soaked but what the hell , it was only water . 
 that 's what my pa used to say . 
 it 's only water . 
 i stood there like an asshole and i was n't sure i had done the right thing in coming back . 
 the rain stopped for a minute and it was dark , so i went around the back and peeked into that window again . 
 nothing . 
 there was a big crash of thunder and i ran again to the front porch just as the rain started up . 
 i knocked on the door . 
 i 'd find connie fenton , no matter what . 
 after a minute or two the curtain was drawn aside and i could see a face in the dark hallway , then the door opened a little and a face appeared in the crack . 
 it was her , connie fenton ! 
 she was as beautiful as i remembered . 
 i sucked in my breath . 
 `` terrence . 
 please come in . '' 
 she knew my name . 
 i could n't say a thing , but there was no need . 
 she took my hand and pulled me into a side room , led me to a couch , drew the drapes and sat across from me in a rocking chair . 
 `` i knew you 'd come , my knight and saviour , '' she said . 
 i was taken aback , just a little . 
 her knight and saviour ? 
 was she really saying that ? 
 i opened my mouth , but nothing came out . 
 `` he 's after me , but i knew if i waited you 'd find me and - '' `` wait your horses , '' i said and it came out sounding stupid . 
 `` why did you know i 'd come ? '' 
 bloody stupid ! 
 i drew in a deep breath and began to speak very slowly , so it 'd come out right . 
 `` i do n't know how you knew my name ... we just met twice ... at the pond . 
 i did n't know your name , not until it was in the newspaper . 
 how could you possibly know i 'd come to find you ? 
 how could you - '' she leaned over and put her finger to my lips and i held my breath . 
 i did n't breathe again until she let her finger drop to her lap . 
 she was still leaning toward me . 
 then she spoke , very softly . 
 `` father pollicciano is the devil incarnate . 
 he is after my immortal soul . '' 
 then her eyes rolled up into whites . 
 `` lord of the world , breath of life , know you mine enemies . '' 
 rita bullas when i finished work , i walked home and looked in on my aunt . 
 she was okay , i guess . 
 then i walked to cleaver 's place . 
 old lady harris was cutting some roses from a bloody bush that 'd seen better days . 
 she looked worried and as withered as the roses . 
 she dropped the flowers when she saw me . 
 `` oh rita . 
 where is terry ? 
 he 's been gone all day and i 'm sick with worry . '' 
 `` do n't worry ma'am . 
 he 's gone to dunnborne . 
 lent him my car . 
 be back soon . '' 
 actually , i was pretty surprised he was n't back already . 
 he 'd left early in the morning and should 've been home long ago ; it only takes twenty minutes to get to dunnborne by car . 
 but the old dame was really in bad shape so i went in and she fed me some weird looking cookies with tiny red stuff poked in the middle , maybe cherries , and i kept tellin ' her that cleaver was okay . 
 after a half hour i left again and took the bus to dunnborne . 
 all the way there i kept my eyes open for my old chevy . 
 sure as fuckin ' shootin ' he 'd pass me on his way back to haversville and i 'd have to take the goddamn bus back again . 
 but there was n't no traffic on the road except a haversville police cruiser , and cleaver did n't pass , and when we pulled into town i knew for sure he was still lookin ' for that fenton dame . 
 the ground was soakin ' and the mud went from one end of town to the other . 
 must 've been some storm . 
 i went straight to dunnborne press but it was closed up tight as a bloody soup can . 
 i went into the burger joint next door and asked about clem what 's - his-name . 
 `` clem broden ? 
 he lives just behind the press . '' 
 so i went around back and sure enough , the old geezer was there sittin ' on the back porch chewin ' a pipe . 
 `` hello sonny , '' he says . 
 `` your pal was here . 
 gone now though . '' 
 jerk . 
 calls me sonny . 
 i shake my hair so he can see i 'm a bloody woman . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i says . 
 `` dunno , maybe back home . '' 
 `` nope . 
 not back home , '' i says . 
 `` he came lookin ' for some dame . '' 
 that 's all i 'd say . 
 if he knew somethin' , let him tell me . 
 `` fenton ? '' 
 he says , yankin ' the pipe outta his mouth . 
 `` yup , fenton , '' i says . 
 seemed like i was talkin ' like him . 
 maybe that was good . 
 `` connie fenton , '' i says , just so he 'd know i knew somethin' . 
 `` dead , ai n't she ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` nope , '' i says . 
 then i waited , then he got up and opened the door and waved me in . 
 the room looked like a fuckin ' library with wall-to-wall books . 
 there was maybe four or five tables and they were piled high with more books . 
 i sat at a chair by a table and old clem stood by , sayin ' nothin , just lookin ' at me . 
 then he says : `` why you here ? 
 lookin ' for connie fenton ? '' 
 `` yeah , connie fenton , '' i says . 
 i did n't like this question-and-answer shit . 
 i leaned back against the table , a book fell off and i bent over and picked it up . 
 it was pretty fancy leather with writin ' in gold : rural information distribution systems . 
 below the title was the author 's name : clemence ridley broden , phd . 
 `` like it ? '' 
 he says , seein ' me readin ' the cover . 
 he had a bloody big grin on his chops . 
 `` now young fella , '' he says , `` your name rita ? '' 
 `` yeah , rita , '' i says . 
 jerk . 
 `` lookin ' for miss fenton ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` yeah , fenton , '' i says . 
 `` lookin ' fer a dead lass , are yuh ? 
 that 's tough suckin ' fer a square mouthed calf , '' he says , grinnin ' . 
 jerk . 
 then he points with a crooked thumb . 
 `` terry is up the road a ways . 
 grey house , edge o ' town . '' 
 i got up and left right away . 
 the guy gave me the creeps . 
 when i got to the grey house it was dark but i saw my old chev outside so i walked around and looked in every window . 
 one room had a candle burnin ' and it looked like two bodies was makin ' out on the couch . 
 then one got up and looked right at me and i beetled out in back and hid in the bushes which was soakin ' wet and now i was soakin ' wet ! 
 shit . 
 in a minute or so the back door opened and some broad came out and looked around . 
 she was naked as a jaybird . 
 i could see that , soon as she stepped onto the porch . 
 the moon was right up there and she was n't tryin ' to hide nothin ' . 
 i recognized the face from the photos in the paper : fenton . 
 next thing you know , another dude came out and i could see it was cleaver . 
 shit ! 
 that bastard was screwing the fenton bitch ! 
 `` c'mon , '' i could hear him say . 
 `` come back inside . '' 
 they both went inside and i felt like a turkey . 
 i come all this way to dunnborne and he 's screwin ' the same broad he 's been lookin ' for . 
 i waited for a minute then headed out front . 
 i 'd take my bloody car and leave him there . 
 bastard . 
 then , just as i was opening the car door i heard a noise , turned around and got it right in the chops . 
 everything went black . 
 terry cleaver i 've never felt like this before . 
 she came on so quick , so sudden , i did n't have time to think about it . 
 she was like a wild creature , tearing my shirt and running her nails across my shoulders and moaning breath of life and lord of the world and who knows what else . 
 a wild thing , she took charge of everything and i felt weak and could hardly breathe . 
 but it was good and i did n't say anything until she got up and went out back . 
 then i did n't want it to stop . 
 that 's when she began to cry and i felt like i had done something wrong , but it was her that ran the show . 
 i just went along for the ride , a wonderful , glorious ride . 
 but now she was crying , all in a heap on the floor . 
 `` connie , what 's wrong ? '' 
 she looked up at me , her eyes glinting tears in the light of the candle . 
 `` you took advantage of me , '' she moaned . 
 `` i am but a lamb and you have ravished me . '' 
 i could hardly believe what i was hearing . 
 i had ravished her ? 
 who was this girl ? 
 she 'd changed . 
 before my eyes she had changed . 
 then all hell broke loose . 
 the door caved in and two great bodies lurched forward and grabbed me and threw me to the floor . 
 i could hear connie crying out . 
 then something hit me , hard , in the side of the head and that 's all i remember . 
 when i woke up i was alone in the middle of the floor - and my head was throbbing . 
 i got up and wandered around for a bit , but the whole house was empty . 
 i looked out a front window and saw my car was still there , so i headed for the door . 
 it was bloody dark outside . 
 then i saw the body , lying by the car . 
 jesus murphy ! 
 a bloody corpse right by the car . 
 i did n't know if i should run for help , or what . 
 then the corpse started groaning and i started shaking . 
 then i recognized her . 
 `` rita ! 
 jesus murphy , what are you doing here ? '' 
 she grabbed the fender and pulled herself up . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 she screamed , coming at me with both fists . 
 `` you screwed that fenton bitch ! '' 
 i backed away and we fell , together , rita landing on my gut with both elbows . 
 `` bastard ! 
 you bloody bastard ! '' 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's not what you think , '' i pleaded . 
 `` she just ... i did n't ... '' but then she started pounding my chest and i was lucky to roll out from under without getting killed . 
 when we 'd finished the burgers and chocolate shake it was about 8:30 p.m. and it was dark . 
 we 'd been at the burger shop next to the press for maybe thirty minutes . 
 rita seemed quiet , like she did n't really give a damn anymore . 
 i kept looking at her , but she just stared at her plate . 
 i took her hand , but she pulled away . 
 i really could n't explain what had happened and i felt pretty stupid . 
 that 's when this guy comes over and sits down at our table . 
 `` rita bullas and terry cleaver , i presume , '' he says . 
 ian woolner first i went to gobles , to see benjamin fenton . 
 he still did n't know anything , not where his daughter was , not where his sons were . 
 i believed him . 
 `` then tell me about your wife . 
 i understand that she was murdered . 
 could you tell me about it ? '' 
 ben seemed nervous . 
 he got up from the table and started wandering about the room , ending up staring at a photo on the wall . 
 i knew what it was : his wife holding connie in her arms . 
 `` work of the devil , '' he muttered . 
 then he came back to the table and opened the bible . 
 i knew what was coming . 
 i had had a reading before and i was n't about to sit through another . 
 i got up and left . 
 mr. fenton did n't bother to see me out . 
 i drove to dunnborne to see clem . 
 it had been raining and the town was a field of mud . 
 i stopped by the press and clem seemed glad to see me . 
 i asked him about cleaver and bullas ; had he seen them ? 
 `` yup , just today . 
 first that young pup with freckles , then his boy friend , rita . '' 
 clem grinned and his tooth slipped over his lower lip . 
 `` and you say they both went to miss fenton 's house ? '' 
 `` yup , both . '' 
 i got up . 
 `` but they ai n't there now . '' 
 i sat down . 
 `` they 's next door , eatin ' . '' 
 clem pulled his pipe from his jeans and began sucking it . 
 `` i 'll just pop by , next door , and see them , '' i says . 
 just as i got to the door , clem says `` wan na hear ` bout jonah and joshua ? '' 
 this guy could drive anyone mad . 
 sometimes he talks a blue streak . 
 other times , just a word , teasing . 
 i walked back and sat down . 
 clem just grinned and sucked his pipe . 
 `` found 'em at the house , they did . '' 
 `` who found who ? '' 
 i says . 
 `` found whom , '' clem says , grinning . 
 `` yeah , yeah ... whom , '' i says . 
 `` jonah , joshua . 
 found the young buck and his boyfriend at the house , connie 's house . '' 
 he leans back , grins . 
 `` knocks 'em cold . 
 but they come round and now they 's eatin ' next door . '' 
 i got up , waited to see if clem would say anything else , then looked out the window . 
 it was dark and the rain had started again , but the burger shop was lit up like a neon christmas tree with stringers from post to post . 
 `` thanks clem , '' i says . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 that 's it . '' 
 so i left and went next door . 
 connie fenton `` you 're mean . 
 you did n't have to hurt him . '' 
 they were sitting side-by-side and they were both staring at me . 
 they had carried me to their truck , drove me to this cabin and all the while they had said nothing . 
 i 've never been here before , but i knew that papa and my brothers used it when they went hunting for grouse . 
 they 'd stay away for days and i 'd be left alone . 
 it was n't fair . 
 i could handle a rifle as well as anyone and hunting would have been exciting , exhilarating . 
 jonah reached out and touched my hand . 
 he was very sweet - and concerned . 
 `` i 'm okay , really , '' i said . 
 `` clem let me live in his house and i worked at jim 's lunch . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 `` the letters , '' jonah said . 
 `` yes , i got several letters . 
 they scared me and i ran away , but i 've been fine . 
 he wo n't find me here . '' 
 `` the priest , '' jonah said . 
 `` yes , father pollicciano , '' i said . 
 joshua slid from his chair and knelt by my side . 
 he ran his hand over my knee and i could tell he was about to cry . 
 i placed my hands on his head and pulled him to my breast - and he did cry , softly and quietly . 
 `` the priest is dead , '' said jonah . 
 i gasped . 
 `` you are safe ... now , '' said jonah . 
 `` dear , dear jonah , '' i said and reached out for him . 
 he came and placed his head upon my knee . 
 `` my world is whole again , '' i whispered , and they knelt before me and i kissed them both . 
 pink `` great lord of the world , breath of life , the evil scribe is no more . 
 his body has been dismantled ; his soul cast aside . 
 ian woolner when i sat at the table and said who i was , cleaver went white and the bullas girl was about to jump up and run . 
 i grabbed her shoulder . 
 `` hold on , sweetheart . 
 you 're not going anywhere . '' 
 then i sat and they stared . 
 `` got a few questions to ask , '' i says . 
 `` first off , why 'd you break into the police files ? '' 
 i looked straight at rita bullas and she went red in the cheek . 
 `` i ... uh , we ... '' she started . 
 `` it was my idea , '' cleaver says . 
 `` i was looking for the bastard who got connie ... miss fenton . 
 rita had my job at the mill , i asked her , pleaded with her - '' `` bullshit ! '' 
 rita says . 
 `` it was my idea . 
 we needed to know what the fuck you guys was doin ' , so i pulled your files . '' 
 `` then you know that the murdered girl ... , '' i left the sentence open , to see just what they did know . 
 `` was leah farrel , '' says cleaver . 
 `` and connie 's alive . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i says , trying not to appear surprised . 
 `` have you seen her ? '' 
 `` he screwed the bitch ! '' 
 shouts rita , and i could see the proprietor heading our way . 
 `` keep it down , '' he says . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i says . 
 `` i 'm ian woolner , haversville police . '' 
 that makes rita jump up again , but i pull her back to the table . 
 `` when ? '' 
 i says . 
 `` today ? '' 
 `` well ... uh , '' cleaver mumbles . 
 `` yeah , today ! '' 
 shouts rita . 
 just then the front door opens and in walks clem broden . 
 `` a call , for you , '' he says . 
 `` my place . '' 
 then he walks to the table and pats rita on the head . 
 `` hi sonny , '' he says , and rita jumps up again and heads for the door . 
 `` what ! 
 when did it happen ? 
 i talked to him just this morning . '' 
 chuck seemed almost pleased to tell me , as though i was somehow responsible or maybe should have known it would happen or maybe i was neglecting my job by driving to dunnborne . 
 `` well , he 's dead as a doornail , '' chuck says . 
 `` his housekeeper , a mrs. walker , she found him and phoned . 
 i 'm there now , at saint teresa 's . '' 
 `` cause of death ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` hit good with a blunt instrument , then chewed up . '' 
 `` chewed up ? 
 like leah farrel ? '' 
 `` you got it , '' chuck says . 
 by the time i got to the church in haversville , chuck had taken fingerprints and photos , questioned mrs. walker and several neighbors and made out a report . 
 he was good , but he was n't getting my job - not soon . 
 i inspected the body . 
 chuck was right ; it had been badly mauled , yet there was something missing . 
 `` you think it 's the same guy who slaughtered the farrel girl ? '' 
 i ask chuck . 
 `` the same , '' he says . 
 he 's sitting in the big red leather chair , leaning back , his legs spread out onto the carpet . 
 i look again at the body , bleeding from every limb , yet every limb is there . 
 `` let me show you something , '' i says , and i walk to pollicciano 's body . 
 `` see this ? '' 
 i point to the body , making a big show of it . 
 `` all in one piece . '' 
 chuck leans forward and grins . 
 `` so ? 
 look at the scars , the cuts , pieces of flesh cut right off , there , on the floor . '' 
 he looks pretty smug . 
 `` but all in one piece , '' i says . 
 `` the psychopath who killed farrel tore the body apart . 
 that 's how he operates . 
 tear the body apart . 
 this body is in one piece . '' 
 chuck snorts . 
 `` that 's how he operates ? 
 you got ta be kidding . 
 one murder , out at miller 's creek , and you extrapolate to a method of operation ? 
 the guy 's a nut . 
 who knows what he 'll do next time ? '' 
 chuck is good , but not brilliant . 
 rita bullas this prick kept pullin ' me back to the table like i was some hooker . 
 no way to treat a woman , the jerk . 
 then he gets this phone call and leaves - and cleaver and i check out , fast , and drive back to old lady harris ' house . 
 the old dame is worried , but has a big smile when she sees us . 
 she even gives me a hug . 
 what 's all this shit ? 
 a hug ? 
 what am i ? 
 some snot-nosed young kid ? 
 i do n't hardly sleep at all , but cleaver is snorin ' and grinnin ' from ear to ear - and i know what the bastard is dreamin ' about . 
 the dirty shit . 
 next mornin ' i head off to work , early . 
 cleaver is still snorin ' . 
 i do n't leave him my car . 
 let the bastard walk . 
 in the afternoon , when buck tormin ai n't lookin ' , i try to hook into the haversville police files , but the buggers have closed up shop , maybe thinkin ' i ca n't get into their mini . 
 screw 'em . 
 just watch me . 
 i login to the dunnborne police computer and remote login to haversville . 
 i 'm in , slick as shit , and there 's a new file : pollicciano . 
 the priest is dead . 
 when i tell cleaver that night , he goes white in the chops . 
 `` jesus murphy , '' he says . 
 `` the killer will be after connie next . '' 
 i do n't see how he figures that . 
 then he jumps up from the couch and heads up the stairs and out the side door . 
 i follow , two steps at a time , but when i get outside cleaver is just standin ' there , starin ' . 
 `` what 's up cleaver ? '' 
 i says . 
 he just looks at me , sort of stupid-like . 
 `` what do i do now ? 
 what can i do now ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` forget it , '' i says . 
 `` the police know everythin ' . 
 let 'em handle it . 
 that broad ai n't worth ... '' `` yesterday ... when we were in dunnborne ... i saw something unusual in connie 's house , something strange , through the window ... '' `` she was probably screwin ' ... '' `` connie 's in danger . 
 i know it ! '' 
 then he starts runnin ' down the walk and makes a right at the street . 
 he 's headin ' for the bus stop . 
 jerk . 
 does n't even ask if i 'd drive him to dunnborne . 
 good thing . 
 i would n't . 
 when he 's out of sight i head back down to his rooms in the basement . 
 then i crack open a beer . 
 then i watch some tv . 
 then i think what the hell am i doin ' at his place ? 
 ... so i drive home and check out my aunt . 
 she 's okay , i guess . 
 by eight o'clock it was dark and i just stare out the window , then i figure maybe i should drive to dunnborne , just in case ... terry cleaver the bus seemed to take forever to get to dunnborne , so i had a long time to think . 
 at first i was thinking of connie , of pink letters , of the death of father pollicciano , of the wierd dance i saw at connie 's house . 
 after awhile i started thinking of rita . 
 she was pretty angry and i guess i ca n't blame her . 
 it 's not that we were really going together or even that we were boyfriend and girlfriend ... except , i guess we 'd become pretty close . 
 maybe i should explain . 
 but explain what ? 
 that i had been taken by storm ? 
 raped ? 
 rubbish ! 
 i was a willing mate ; it was something i had dreamed about since that first day at cleaver 's pond . 
 that seemed a long time ago . 
 when the bus pulled into the parking lot next to the post office , i realized i did n't know what i was doing in dunnborne . 
 i should have spent the time thinking of my next move . 
 it was cold and damp and i was freezing and i did n't have a clue what to do next . 
 somehow i was reluctant to walk to connie 's house and just peek in the window again , so i headed for the hamburger shop next to the dunnborne press . 
 it was almost ten o'clock and the place was empty . 
 i ordered a coffee at the counter then sat next to the window , staring into the dark street . 
 i guess i was daydreaming because i did n't even notice the door open , and when clem broden sat across from me , i jumped . 
 `` hello there young fella , '' he said . 
 the steam from his coffee curled up around his withered face and he was smiling . 
 he always seemed to be smiling . 
 connie was in danger , might be dead even now , and he kept on smiling . 
 `` whatchya doin ' in town on a chilly night ... '' `` connie , danger now , '' i blurted out , incoherently . 
 `` i mean , she 's in danger ... i mean , she may be in danger . 
 i thought , maybe ... '' `` thought you 'd save her from the evil clutches of father pollicciano ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` he 's dead , you know . '' 
 `` yes ... '' i did n't know what to say . 
 i just stared at clem . 
 `` leave it to the police , young fella . 
 wise men do n't play leapfrog with unicorns , '' he said . 
 `` but connie , she may be danger ... uh , in danger . 
 i saw a dance , some people through the window , dancing , a light on the floor ... '' i stopped talking . 
 clem stopped smiling . 
 he set down his cup and grabbed my hand . 
 `` leave it be ! '' 
 he said , and i could feel anger in his voice . 
 `` it 's not for you ! 
 the authorities know everything . 
 they 'll protect connie . 
 go home . 
 there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 somehow his anger made me angry and i knew what i had to do . 
 i ran out the door . 
 clem was yelling after me , but i did n't listen . 
 i headed up the street toward connie 's house . 
 if there had been strangers there last night , then connie would know . 
 i could talk to her . 
 she thought she was in danger from the priest . 
 i 'd tell her that pollicciano was dead , that she should move out of dunnborne , that she should stay with me ... live with me ... share my rooms , my life ... do i really mean that ? 
 share my life ? 
 i stopped at the end of the long driveway . 
 there was a dim light in the window . 
 christ , i was shaking all over . 
 the room was dark except for what looked like a candle in the middle of the floor , and three dark figures were sitting about the flickering light . 
 i stood at the front window for what seemed a long time , but they did n't move . 
 then , suddenly , two got up , stood for a while , then slowly left the circle of light . 
 i could hear the front door open ; i did n't know where to hide . 
 i sat on the wet ground , among the bushes . 
 they walked slowly down the long driveway , turned once to look back , then headed across the road and straight into the field . 
 when i pulled myself to the window again , my heart was pounding in my chest and sweat was trickling salty down my cheek . 
 i looked into the window . 
 the third figure was gone . 
 i was almost relieved and sat again among the bushes . 
 then a light came on and i heard footsteps , on the front porch . 
 i was almost too frightened to look . 
 what in god 's name was i doing there ? 
 a dark figure stepped down the stairs , onto the grass , walked directly to my bush , leaned forward , parted the branches . 
 i was as small as i could be , curled behing the hedge . 
 i looked up at the face , in shadow from the porch light . 
 `` terrence ? '' 
 jesus murphy , it was connie ! 
 i jumped up , fell out of the bush and stumbled toward her . 
 `` connie ! 
 you 've danger ... in danger , live with me ... '' i gurgled . 
 she took my hand and i could hardly breathe . 
 then she led me into the house , to a sofa , and she sat next to me , very close , leaning against me . 
 when i got my breath again i said it , perhaps too loudly . 
 `` father pollicciano is dead ! '' 
 i expected surprise , relief , some reaction . 
 she just placed her hand on mine , leaned toward me and kissed me gently on the cheek . 
 `` yes , '' she said , simply . 
 `` but ... but you said kill you ... uh , he wanted to ... '' connie put her finger to my lips and i held my breath . 
 she whispered . 
 `` yes , father pollicciano did want to kill me . 
 i knew it the moment i spoke to him in the church . 
 he knew everything . 
 he knew too much . 
 he killed leah , my best friend . 
 now the evil man is dead . '' 
 `` but whoever killed him ... surely is after you ... you 're next . 
 ca n't you see that ! '' 
 i could n't understand how she could be so calm . 
 calmly , she said `` i know who killed father pollicciano . '' 
 when i opened my mouth , she put her finger again to my lips and continued . 
 `` my two jays killed him , to protect me . '' 
 i opened my mouth again , but nothing came out . 
 `` jonah ... joshua ... to protect me , '' she said . 
 `` so , you see , the evil one is dead and all is well with the lord 's world for it is cleansed of the devil 's kin . '' 
 i collapsed onto the sofa , slid to the floor , covering my face with my hands . 
 i wanted to cry . 
 connie slid beside me and began to caress my cheek . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i jumped to my feet . 
 `` we ca n't ... should n't ... rita ... '' before i knew it i was out the front door , running down the driveway . 
 i did n't even see rita . 
 she jumped left , i jogged left and we collided and went down together , embracing . 
 `` shit on this , cleaver , '' she grunted and pushed me away . 
 i jumped to my feet , offered her my hand . 
 `` screw you , '' she said . 
 clem broden i saw them leave , both of them . 
 they climbed into that beat up chev and left town in a cloud of blue exhaust . 
 i walked down the street and stood for a long time staring at the old grey brick house with its green shutters and bloody awful purple picket fence . 
 one day i 'll paint that fence . 
 i could see connie in the window , holding the curtain aside . 
 i 'm sure she saw me , too , but she let the curtains fall and walked away and soon the light blinked out and the house was dark . 
 her brothers had come , taken connie , then brought her home again . 
 a funny pair , those brothers . 
 i looked at my watch . 
 it was almost eleven o'clock and i had a big day tomorrow . 
 i 'd write up the whole fenton affair for the thursday paper . 
 i 'd say that `` usually reliable sources implicate father pollicciano in the death of leah farrel '' . 
 it was n't true ... but i 'd write it up that way anyhow . 
 terry cleaver the winter seemed colder than usual , and longer . 
 then rita 's aunt died , in early february , and i never felt so cold and alone . 
 rita went into hiding . 
 i did n't see her for weeks at a time . 
 she would n't answer the phone and when i walked to her house - it was now her house since her aunt had left everything to rita - she would n't answer the doorbell . 
 i 'm sure she was really broken up , but rita did n't like to see people cry , especially herself , i think . 
 i had checked with that bastard buck tormin and he confirmed that rita had showed up for work every day . 
 when i tried to see her at the mill , the black suit stood in my way . 
 when i think of it , old buck seemed to be protecting rita 's privacy . 
 maybe he 's not such a bad guy . 
 anyway , by mid-february i was going bananas and was ready to bash her door down just to see that she was okay . 
 i got a job at the law firm of sawyer and maskowski , computerizing their files , and that often meant working evenings and weekends when the office was closed . 
 it was sunday , the last day of february , and although i had often worked sundays at the law office , i had this day off . 
 when mrs. harris called down , her voice was almost shaking with excitement . 
 `` terry ! 
 somebody special to see you ! '' 
 `` send him down , please . '' 
 i rarely get company - well , if the truth be known , i never get company . 
 so i ran into the washroom , straightened my shirt collar , pushed my hair back out of my eyes and walked as casual as i could into the living room . 
 rita was standing by the stairs . 
 `` rita ! '' 
 i ran to her , grabbed her in my arms and tried to kiss her soundly . 
 `` what 's all this shit ? '' 
 she said and backed away , but i could tell she was pleased to see me . 
 `` just came by to see how 's things hangin ' . '' 
 she looked at me straight , the hint of a grin on her face and i saw that she had been crying . 
 i tried to push her hair from her eyes - she had let it grow long and sort of tangled - but she would have none of that . 
 `` sit , '' i said , pointing to the sofa . 
 `` what 's been happening ? 
 i tried to phone , to see you at work , to ... '' `` yeah , i know , '' she said . 
 `` i been busy . 
 aunt died , you know . 
 got ta look after a fuckin ' stack of papers , talk to the lawyers , get things straight ... shit like that . '' 
 `` i was sorry to hear about your aunt , '' i said . 
 `` guess you miss her . '' 
 i felt i should n't say too much because she was about to break down and cry . 
 `` did n't know her , not too much , just looked after her a bit , until she went and ... and dropped dead on me . '' 
 `` well , let 's not talk about it , '' i said . 
 `` let 's talk about ... '' `` cleaver , i been gettin ' pink letters , '' she said , all of a sudden . 
 then she did cry , big heaving sobs , and she let me hold her , even tightly and she cried hard on my shoulder . 
 i was taken aback and it felt so good that i had n't really paid attention to what she had said . 
 then it hit me . 
 `` what ! 
 letters ! 
 what you said , pink letters ? '' 
 the words came rushing out , crazy . 
 `` pink letters ? 
 is that what you said ? '' 
 she did n't say anything for a few moments , just holding me as though she did n't want to leave my arms . 
 then , slowly , she reached for her bag - an old green duffle bag - and pulled out the envelopes ; three of them . 
 i took them and read them aloud . 
 they were identical . 
 sister of the devil , no more shall man covet thy body . 
 thy wickedness shall be dismantled . 
 `` when did you get these ? 
 there 's no date , '' i said . 
 `` each monday mornin ' , for three weeks . 
 they 's stuck under the door . 
 i stayed up all night last sunday , waiting for the dirty shit . 
 nobody came . 
 i dressed , left the house for the mill , and the letter was there , again , under the door . 
 tomorrow ... tomorrow ... '' and she began to cry again , falling into my arms . 
 `` yes , i know , '' i said . 
 `` tomorrow is monday . '' 
 it had started again . 
 the pink letters , the threats , the sister of the devil , just like with connie fenton . 
 `` i thought it was over , '' i mumbled . 
 `` i really thought it was over . '' 
 i stayed at rita 's house that sunday night , and no letter came in the morning . 
 she went to work and i stayed home , her home . 
 i called mr. woolner that day . 
 the inspector was out of town and i spoke to his assistant who was convinced i was joking about the pink letters . 
 he said he 'd investigate . 
 crap ! 
 he would n't do anything , i know that . 
 i said i 'd phone back when mr. woolner returned . 
 he said there was no need , but i knew i had to speak to the inspector in person . 
 that evening i went back to my rooms in the basement of mrs. harris ' house , but rita phoned at six , then at seven , then again at eight ... so i let her pick me up in the old chev and we stayed up most of the night , talking . 
 by morning we had decided . 
 i would leave mrs. harris and move in with rita . 
 it would be platonic , we 'd share the expenses right down the middle , i 'd wash the dishes and she 'd dry , and we 'd never ever cook swiss chard . 
 on tuesday we both went to tell mrs. harris . 
 she seemed to think we were getting married , and she cried and hugged rita and i could swear that rita hugged her back . 
 anyway , we let her think we were getting married . 
 by friday i had moved all my things to rita 's house , and said goodbye a thousand times to mrs. harris . 
 when i finally left for the last time , i carried a meatloaf to end all meatloaves . 
 it was gargantuan , to last a week . 
 when rita got home i had the dinner table all set , the meatloaf steaming on a huge platter trimmed in gold , surrounded by a ring of brussel sprouts - which i love . 
 rita was n't impressed with the vegetables , insisting that we had agreed not to serve `` that shit '' , but she tackled the meatloaf with such gusto that i wanted to cry , seeing her so happy , having forgotten all about the pink threats . 
 that was friday evening . 
 on saturday morning a fourth pink letter was under the door . 
 it said : sister of the devil , this man shall know thy wickedness . 
 i read it twice . 
 this man ? 
 that was me ! 
 i could hear rita mumbling something about connie fenton . 
 when i looked up , rita was gone . 
 she wanted to be alone , had gone to her room . 
 i understood . 
 she would cry , alone . 
 i left a note for her , took the keys to the car and headed down vine street in the old chev . 
 inspector woolner was to be back in the office on monday , march 8 . 
 i could n't wait . 
 wherever he had been , chances are he would have returned this weekend . 
 i was going to find out . 
 i knew exactly where he lived . 
 i had walked by his house a thousand times . 
 when i pulled up , he was shovelling the last bit of snow from his driveway . 
 he did n't recognize me at first , then , when he did , he did n't seemed pleased to see me . 
 `` mr. cleaver . 
 to what do i owe this honor ? '' 
 he said , leaning on his shovel . 
 `` there are more letters ... here , see ? '' 
 and i held out a handful of envelopes . 
 he did n't even look at them . 
 he just looked tired . 
 then he waved me toward the door and i waited while he removed his boots and placed them carefully by the step . 
 `` come in young man , '' he said . 
 `` more pink letters , i presume ? '' 
 `` yes , yes , pink , '' i stuttered . 
 he knew ! 
 it was no surprise ! 
 perhaps the pink killer had struck again , somewhere , recently , and the inspector had been out of town investigating the case . 
 `` my asistant told me you had called , '' he said . 
 `` sit here . 
 let me read them . '' 
 i put the enevlopes into his hand just as a woman walked in , surprised . 
 `` oh , sorry , i did n't know you had ... '' `` no , it 's alright dear . 
 this is mr. terry cleaver . 
 he has come with a problem . '' 
 `` hello mr. cleaver , '' she said . 
 `` can i get you some coffee ? 
 freshly made . 
 ian needs his coffee after shovelling snow . '' 
 she winked at her husband and i was n't sure what to say . 
 `` no thank you , coffee , '' i mumbled . 
 `` uh ... no , thank you . '' 
 after she left , inspector woolner sighed and dropped the letters on the table . 
 `` it 's as i expected , '' he said . 
 `` just a matter of time ... sooner or later he 'd show his hand again . '' 
 he looked straight at me as though i knew what he was talking about . 
 then i knew what i had to say . 
 `` but the priest is dead . 
 connie said that . 
 and it 's over ... should be over . 
 connie said that , too . '' 
 `` no , it 's not over , '' he said , staring at the ceiling . 
 `` somebody killed leah farrel . 
 somebody else killed father pollicciano . 
 the case is still open . 
 we have n't had a new clue in months - to either murder . '' 
 then i realized that i knew more than the inspector . 
 i could n't contain my excitement . 
 `` the jays killed polly ! '' 
 i cried , and i could feel my face redden . 
 `` the what killed who ? '' 
 connie 's brothers , the jays , they had killed polly - we all called him polly . 
 jonah and joshua wanted to protect connie . 
 inspector woolner did n't know that . 
 i should n't implicate them . 
 i had made a mistake in bringing it up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i thought you knew who killed father pollicciano , '' i said . 
 he looked at me , frowning . 
 `` who did it ? '' 
 it sounded like a grade b movie . 
 i had to protect connie and her brothers . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` do n't you know ? '' 
 he grunted and looked again at the ceiling . 
 `` we 're after two killers . 
 pollicciano may have killed leah farrel . 
 i doubt it very much , but clem broden has everyone in the county believing it . 
 old clem just wo n't let up with his press stories . 
 but then who killed the priest ? '' 
 he looked at me , but i did n't know the answer . 
 `` i 'll tell you who did it , '' he said , and i held my breath . 
 just then , his wife walked in with his coffee and he sipped it slowly , staring at me over the rim of the cup . 
 then he got up , gathered the letters from the table and pointed to the door . 
 `` mr. cleaver , i 'll keep these if you do n't mind . 
 tell your lady friend not to worry . 
 i 'll keep a watch on her house . 
 but tell her not to go out of town ... not for awhile , anyway . '' 
 when i got back home i felt a little better . 
 the police were on to something , i was certain . 
 it was just a matter of time before they caught up with the killer . 
 is n't that what the inspector had said ? 
 no , he said that it was just a matter of time before the killer showed his hand again - and now he had ... and it was now rita 's life in jeopardy . 
 i felt sick . 
 rita bullas why me ? 
 i did n't do nothin ' . 
 whoever the shit is ... sendin ' me pink letters ... he 's in for a surprise . 
 no way i 'll sit back and take this crap . 
 cleaver is nice . 
 it 's been good havin ' him here . 
 i can relax , think , plan my next move . 
 i was real scared for a while ... well , sort of scared , anyway . 
 now i go to dunnborne , talk to that bitch . 
 she got pink shit too . 
 she ai n't so dumb . 
 she knows something . 
 so i go out the back door - so cleaver do n't see me - and bloody hell , my chev is gone ! 
 so i storms back in the house to tell cleaver - and bloody hell , he 's gone ! 
 then i see the note and he 's gone to see the cops . 
 nice guy , cleaver . 
 so i take the bus to dunnborne . 
 i get there about ten and go straight to the bitch 's house . 
 first i check in the windows . 
 nobody home . 
 i bang the door . 
 no answer . 
 shit ! 
 i come all this way for nothin ' . 
 i was sittin ' for maybe ten minutes on the porch when i see her comin ' down the street . 
 i hide in the bushes . 
 she comes up the drive , sets down her parcels on the porch , pulls out a key and opens the door , then she leans over the rail and says , `` you can come in for tea if you like . '' 
 is she talkin ' to me ? 
 no way . 
 i 'm hid . 
 `` rita , please come in . 
 i 'll make some tea and we can talk . '' 
 then she walks inside and leaves the door open . 
 what the hell . 
 i go in and take a chair and spread out , casual , like i knew what was comin ' off . 
 when she comes in , she 's got a pot and some cups . 
 she sits on the chair , across a little table from the sofa . 
 `` how nice to see you , '' she says . 
 `` yeah , '' i says . 
 `` how 's terrence , '' she says . 
 terrence ? 
 she calls him terrence ? 
 turd . 
 `` terry is fine , great . 
 we 're livin ' together . '' 
 i say it heavy and figure she gets my message . 
 `` yes , i know , '' she says . 
 christ . 
 she knows ? 
 must be written up in the press or somethin' . 
 that shit , clem . 
 `` yeah , '' i says . 
 `` some tea ? '' 
 i lean forward and look at her straight . 
 `` the pink letters - you got some . 
 now i got some ! '' 
 i wait for her to say somethin' , but she just pours the bloody tea . 
 so i says , `` how 'd you feel ? 
 i mean , when you got the pink shit ? '' 
 she hands me a cup then looks at me , quiet , sad . 
 she 's not bad lookin ' . 
 when i takes the cup she leans over the table and puts her hand on my knee . 
 what 's this shit ? 
 `` rita , i know how you feel , truly i do , '' she says . 
 `` but it 's over now . 
 the evil one is dismantled . '' 
 dismantled ? 
 what 's that ? 
 the evil one ? 
 who 's that ? 
 i move my leg and she takes her hand away . 
 `` it ai n't over 'cause i been gettin ' letters , pink ones , '' i says . 
 `` just like you was . '' 
 `` let me tell you a story , '' she says , and i figure that i came to the right place . 
 this is what i got ta hear : the story . 
 `` i lived in gobles with my father and two brothers . 
 it was idyllic , but i wanted to live my life to the fullest , so i moved to haversville . 
 there i met a girl , leah , and we became very good friends , best friends . '' 
 like maybe you had your hand on her knee ? 
 i think to myself . 
 `` then , one day , i found leah 's body by the pond , off blair road . 
 i knew somebody was after me . '' 
 `` wait a sec , '' i says . 
 `` why you ? 
 how 'd you know ... '' `` leah wore my pink bathing suit , '' she says right off . 
 `` the evil one thought it was me , swimming , with a pink ... '' `` who 's this evil turd ? '' 
 i say . 
 maybe i should talk nicer . 
 `` who 's this evil guy ? '' 
 `` father pollicciano , '' she says . 
 before i have a chance to say anythin ' , she goes on . 
 `` i know it was him because i went to him after leah was killed , and he knew everything . 
 how could he know everything ? 
 because he was the devil 's kin and he dismantled her body and when he saw me he knew he had made a mistake and he would come after me and ... '' `` wait a sec , '' i says . 
 `` old polly got it , too . 
 so who cut him off ? '' 
 `` my jays , '' she says , and she smiles and takes a sip of tea . 
 `` i told terrence . 
 he knows . '' 
 then she puts her cup down and smiles right at me and says , `` i 'm surprised he did n't tell you . '' 
 that dirty shit , cleaver . 
 he knew all along ? 
 he knew who killed polly ? 
 `` your jays ? '' 
 i says . 
 `` who the fuck ... uh , who 's that ? '' 
 `` jonah and joshua , '' she says , then she starts collectin ' the cups , then she leaves the room and when she comes back she 's got a rag or somethin' , and it 's pink ! 
 `` here , '' she says . 
 `` put this on . 
 it 's a shawl that once belonged to my mother . 
 it would look good on you . '' 
 then she comes back of the sofa and i just sit there and she drops the shawl over my shoulders . 
 she straightens it out , running her hands down my back , slow and soft . 
 she 's a wierdo ! 
 then she comes out front and looks down at me and says , `` does n't it look nice ? 
 joshua , do n't you think it fits , perfectly ? 
 jonah , do n't you think it makes a beautiful shroud ? '' 
 joshua ? 
 jonah ? 
 is she nuts ? 
 then i sees these two big guys in the corner of the room . 
 was they there all the time ? 
 then they come out of the dark and they comes toward me . 
 ian woolner when mr. cleaver left i phoned my assistant . 
 chuck was at the office , as usual , and even seemed pleased to hear from me . 
 before i had a chance to say anything , he says , `` they 're back . 
 the killers are back . '' 
 `` because of the letters ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` there 's something else , '' chuck said . 
 i could see his grin , imagine his delight . 
 it was something i had missed . 
 `` the bullas gal . 
 she 's gone off to dunnborne . '' 
 damn ! 
 rita bullas was possibly the next victim . 
 now she plays right into the hands of the killers . 
 `` but you 've got her followed , right ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` and you know where she is , right ? 
 so maybe it 's a lucky break . 
 maybe - '' `` no . 
 like i told you ... the killers are back , '' chuck said . 
 i know he wants me to ask a question , displaying some ignorance of an obvious fact . 
 `` okay , chuck . 
 what am i missing ? '' 
 `` this morning we found the fenton boys . 
 they were holed up in some mountain cabin . 
 then they show up in dunnborne , this morning , at the house where the fenton gal is staying . '' 
 he waits . 
 `` so ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` that 's precisely where the bullas dame is , right this minute . '' 
 he grins , right through the phone . 
 damn ! 
 `` i 'm heading to dunnborne , now . '' 
 then i hang up , then i kiss my bewildered wife goodbye and drive to dunnborne . 
 we knew that there were two killers . 
 i had convinced chuck that the bodies of leah farrel and father pollicciano had been mutilated by different people . 
 similar , but different . 
 the fenton boys were natural suspects . 
 they had opportunity - and motive . 
 or , at least , enough motive for them . 
 for years , they had been connie 's closest and best friends . 
 then leah farrel enters the picture . 
 the boys are enraged and tear miss farrel apart . 
 connie thinks it 's the priest ; tells her brothers . 
 she 's afraid , so they tear the priest apart . 
 maybe to please connie , maybe to throw suspician off themselves - but they 're not smart enough for that . 
 to please connie . 
 two killers . 
 two j 's . 
 i looked at the speedometer : 85 mph . 
 better slow down . 
 it was starting to snow or rain or maybe a bit of both . 
 then , another of connie 's best friends enters the picture : terry cleaver . 
 he moves in with rita bullas . 
 connie is displeased . 
 her brothers start up again , with the pink letters , to please connie . 
 yet , we ca n't find the brothers . 
 the `` welcome to dunnborne '' sign had blown down last fall , and someone just leaned it against a tree . 
 it was still there , now half covered in wet snow . 
 i drove straight to fenton 's house , expecting to see bullas ' old chev out front , but the place was deserted . 
 i peered into the windows . 
 nothing . 
 if rita bullas had come here , she was n't here now . 
 if the fenton brothers had come here , they were n't here now . 
 i went back to the car and talked to chuck over the phone . 
 `` so where are they ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` how should i know ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` are n't you right there ? 
 i should be asking you that question . '' 
 `` the police tail , '' i suggested . 
 `` remember ? 
 you were to put a tail on bullas . 
 so has he reported in ? '' 
 `` well ... he lost her . 
 he dropped in for a coffee ... apparently it 's cold and damp and when he came out ... '' `` i know bloody well what the weather 's like ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 `` i 'm right in the middle of it ! '' 
 then i hung up . 
 then i drove to clem broden 's place . 
 he was sleeping , but came to the door and made some coffee and we talked . 
 clem seemed to know everything . 
 maybe he knew something about the fenton boys . 
 `` yup , they was here , '' he said . 
 `` gone now , though . '' 
 then he sucked on an empty pipe and grinned . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you know ? '' 
 `` i figure they took the little guy to the cabin , '' he said . 
 `` the little guy ? '' 
 i said . 
 `` you mean rita bullas ? '' 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` damn ! 
 she 's in grave danger . 
 they 'll kill her , you know . '' 
 i got up to leave . 
 `` nope , '' clem said . 
 `` i know your theory . 
 it 's was your favorite press story for months : pollicciano implicated in the death of leah farrel . 
 i just do n't believe it . 
 the fenton boys . 
 they have motive and ... '' nope , '' he said . 
 so i waited for him to say something more , but he just grinned from behind his pipe . 
 i headed for the door . 
 `` connie , '' he said , then paused for a long time , then did n't continue that sentence but started another . 
 `` the little guy 's safe , so long as the jays are around ... and they are around . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 i said , a bit angry . 
 but old clem just grinned , so i left . 
 when i got to the car , i realized i did n't know where this cabin was located . 
 i could phone chuck . 
 he would be pleased to tell me something i did n't know . 
 i got out of the car and was about to head back to clem 's house . 
 he 'd know where the cabin was . 
 then i saw the old chevy drive by , heading for the fenton 's old house on the edge of town . 
 my tires spun on the gravel as i pulled after the the bullas car . 
 terry cleaver i was frantic . 
 i had returned home , rita 's home , after seeing inspector woolner , and she was gone . 
 i searched for a note ; none . 
 i called buck tormin to see if she went to work , even though it was saturday . 
 he seemed concerned that she was missing . 
 was that concern for rita ? 
 it probably meant he 'd have to get another computer operator . 
 i went to the grocery store , the beer store , the local movie house , kelly 's bar ... she was really gone . 
 then , somehow , i knew where she 'd be . 
 when i saw her last , we were reading the last pink note ... and rita was mumbling something about connie fenton . 
 she 'd go to dunnborne . 
 she 'd ask connie ... what ? 
 i did n't have the slightest idea how connie could help rita , but i felt sure that was where she had gone . 
 when i got to dunnborne , i drove straight to connie 's house and banged on the door . 
 no answer . 
 then a car drove up and woolner got out . 
 `` they 're not there , '' he shouted . 
 `` the place is empty , but i think i know where they are . 
 hop in . '' 
 i got into his car and he headed to the dunnborne press . 
 they were in the newspaper building ? 
 not likely . 
 `` mr. woolner , i think ... '' `` wait here . 
 i 'll only be a minute . '' 
 then he ran to the door and pushed it open and disappeared . 
 in a minute he reappeared , slid into his seat and we took off in a big hurry . 
 `` the cabin , '' he said . 
 `` we 'll find them there . '' 
 i was n't sure where we were going or even whether we were loking for the same person ... or persons . 
 `` rita 's gone , '' i said . 
 `` after i spoke to you i went home and ... '' `` yes , i know . 
 she came here , to dunnborne , and miss fenton 's brothers came here , and now they 're all at a cabin in the hills . '' 
 he looked at me . 
 `` and i 'm afraid that rita bullas is in danger . '' 
 i could hardly breathe . 
 sweat was running into my eyes . 
 except for the hum of the engine , it was quiet for some time . 
 `` i 'm afraid , but i 'm not sure why , '' i said . 
 `` you told me , this morning , that you knew who killed polly . 
 you told me ... '' `` the fenton brothers , '' he said , still staring straight ahead at the black and slushy road . 
 `` and they have rita bullas . '' 
 i felt sick , again . 
 it seemed like i 'd been sick all day . 
 i looked at my watch . 
 just after 11:30 . 
 pink soon ... the sister of the devil will no more evoke the lust of men , no more display the evil pink , no more walk the earth to do her evil . 
 great lord of the world , breath of life , weep not for the damned for i will cleanse the world of the devil 's kin . 
 clem broden how long can i keep this secret , this evil secret . 
 i loved norah . 
 god knows , i loved her dearly . 
 and she made me promise to watch over the child , even as she gave birth , even as she moaned with the ache of creation , even as she cried with tears of joy , with tears of pain . 
 and i did promise , for what was benjamin to do ? 
 the man had cried out , speaking of the devil and the evils of mankind . 
 even as his wife gave birth , he spoke of the cursed sexual act , of the devil 's game which must be played to provide renewed life . 
 norah had been afraid . 
 benjamin had not forgiven her having yet another child . 
 one day , we shall see justice done . 
 benjamin fenton can not continue to harbour such evil feelings in his bosom , such depraved desires to eliminate all that is pink . 
 i sit here , knowing all yet doing nothing . 
 i must act now , not only to protect norah 's child , but to stop these senseless killings . 
 connie is safe in her brothers ' keeping , yet benjamin will stop at nothing to destroy her . 
 i must act now ... finally , after years of torment , years in which i remained anchored to a life of pain , in memory of the only woman i ever loved ; norah fenton , beautiful in pink . 
 connie fenton , her child , my child , born in an act of passion at a time when we loved one another with such eagerness . 
 now is my time to act . 
 now . 
 terry cleaver : one year later okay , so it 's finally over . 
 it took nearly a year , but now it 's over . 
 i never suspected old man broden . 
 the trial lasted just one day . 
 clem broden admitted to everything , his love for connie 's mother , his eventual anger at the evil committed by connie 's father , benjamin ... and his decision to end it , to protect connie . 
 he killed benjamin fenton in the fall , last year and that was the end of all the pink letters . 
 it 's surprising , now that i think of it , that mr. fenton was never suspected . 
 he hated his daughter ? 
 that did n't seem real . 
 anyway , clem broden is now in haversville prison . 
 he 'll be there for his remaining years . 
 he never admitted to being connie 's biological father , but he did tell connie and connie told me and rita . 
 i do n't think that ian woolner ever knew the true story . 
 he was just happy that he had solved the case of the pink murders , even though he had little to do with the solving : clem broden actually went to woolner and confessed . 
 connie is still living with her two jays in the cabin near dunnborne . 
 connie told me that they sold the house because it had such awful memories . 
 she always believed that benjamin loved her dearly . 
 it was difficult for her to learn that he actually haboured such ill feelings . 
 however , connie fenton is such a curious person . 
 she sucks up life in all its wonder , spits out the bad stuff and tastes only the good stuff . 
 connie 's brothers , the two jays jonah and joshua , they had admitted to connie that they had killed father pollicciano in order to protect their sister . 
 they were never brought to trial or anything . 
 why ? 
 because good ol' clem broden said he did it . 
 in spite of his being a murderer and all , i got to like that broden guy . 
 so did rita . 
 when we learned that the pink killer was benjamin fenton , rita jumped for joy . 
 `` see ? 
 i told you so ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i knew the minute i saw all them words circled in that bloody big bible . 
 them ` evil ' words circled in red and stuff like that . 
 actually , it mighta bin pink . 
 that guy 's some kind of weirdo . '' 
 well , rita was right on the button , as usual . 
 rita and i still live in her aunt 's house . 
 rita is my kind of gal . 
 she says what she thinks , does what she wants and although she always shudders when i hold her close , i think she really loves it . 
 in fact , i think she really loves me and i 'm sure that , one day , we 'll be man and wife . 
 who knows , it 's a nice day today , the wind is warm even though it 's almost october , the leaves are gold and red and i know we 'll be sitting together on the porch after work . 
 she still works for buck tormin who , by the way , is a nice guy . 
 i still have my job at that law firm , sawyer and mask-something . 
 why do lawyers have such weird names ? 
 anyway , as i was saying , it 's a nice day today . 
 i think i 'll ask rita to marry me . 
