 the theatre of the apocalypse part one by ud sandberg copyright 2013 ud sandberg smashwords edition all images copyright © are in the public domain . 
 -lsb- prologue -rsb- it all started with a manuscript when i was young i read woodward and bernstein ´ s papers on watergate and i immediately knew that i wanted to be a journalist . 
 in my work as a freelancer in the heart of the newspaper industry at the economist , the new york times and the boston herald i have witnessed and been a part of a plethora of affairs and events over the years . 
 the most memorable i ´ ve been a part of up until about a year ago was the election of 2000 when it was decided in the supreme court . 
 my coverage eventually developed into a book which was on the new york times bestseller-list for ten weeks . 
 but the iacobi-affair , which this book is about , is in a class of itself and unlike my others book i have not written it myself . 
 six months ago , more precisely six months and four days , on the 27th of july one of the big four newspapers in the united states published an expose i wrote . 
 the expose was one of many posts which dealt with the iacobi affair which at that time was about a month old . 
 in the expose i speculated , just like many other , what had happened , what the catalyst was and more importantly what hid behind those rigorous barricades on the capitoline hill in rome . 
 just like the others my speculation was what it was , just speculation , none of us had any idea . 
 a couple of weeks after the publication i got a brown envelope in the mail . 
 inside was a manuscript . 
 a cover letter was attached and mentioned my expose and praised it for its relevance . 
 the person who wrote it thought that the material in the envelope could be of some interest to me . 
 why this was sent to me i still wonder . 
 i have spent several months going through the material in the envelope and i still can not figure out how everything is connected and why . 
 one of the more peculiar things is that the brown envelope was sent to me in one of the us postal services envelopes where a letter was attached from the postmaster in which she stated that she was sorry for the inconvenience , that the letter had fallen off the machine and was found by a janitor a couple of weeks later . 
 this is what makes it all so interesting . 
 the postmaster ´ s letter confirms the somewhat odd date mark on the cover letter . 
 it says it was written by the end of june , in fact , june 23rd . 
 june 23rd is the same day that the iacobi affair culminated . 
 in the envelope was an extremely detailed account of the events in the iacobi affair which had to be impossible for an outsider to know about , details which took the police several months to find out about . 
 and that is not the most startling fact . 
 there was also an historical expose in the manuscript detailing the historical background to the affair and the reason behind it . 
 it ´ s almost inconceivable that the person who wrote the manuscript could have known about everything it describes and i will readily admit that i doubted it the first time i read it and also the second and the third time . 
 but too many details corresponds with my own research and what has been made known from the police investigation and from others which has investigated this mystical affair to reject the manuscript as something misleading or a hoax . 
 i am now utterly convinced that the manuscript contains the truth no matter how hard it is to believe it . 
 and i can only speculate how the author got ahold of everything . 
 i have no idea who the author is , except that i am pretty sure it is a man . 
 even though i wouldn ´ t publish his or her name if i knew it because i want to protect my sources . 
 i call him coetzee after the famous nobel prize laureate because he , like my coetzee , allegedly sends his manuscripts in brown envelopes to his publisher . 
 in either case i am convinced that the author is a man and probably of swedish or any scandinavian origin . 
 the manuscript is written in english but it is quite clear that it is not written by someone with english as their mother tongue . 
 i have had linguists and translators thoroughly examine the manuscript and they all concluded that the author most likely was swedish or scandinavian . 
 the author most probably had a relationship with ludwig norén , ella stahl , alexander wagner and presumably august and victoria iacobi . 
 in any case the author is irrelevant ; the important thing is that the manuscript contains the truth . 
 before we get to the manuscript it is in its place that we present the characters in the affair and the overarching events , the little that is known , in case you ´ re not familiar with the affair . 
 the person who the affair is named after is the well-known business magnate august iacobi . 
 born in sweden 1946 and heir to the swedish branch of the old austrian powerhouse habsburg . 
 he emigrated early to austria and founded the iacobi investment group with his inherited wealth which last year , according to forbes 500 , was the seventh largest corporation in the world measured by revenue . 
 many believe that mr iacobi ´ s success has come at the price of sacrificing common decency , although some claims are exaggerated . 
 but mr iacobi is known for his tough business methods and has more than any other emphasized shareholder value as a business guidance principle , which is a controversial statement because it completely disregards the notion that a company has any societal responsibility , and especially controversial because of the size of the company . 
 one of mr iacobi ´ s many nicknames is fat man , which he got from the nuclear bomb which was dropped on nagasaki . 
 the nickname came in conjunction with mr iacobi ´ s buyout of rubber manufacturer snapper industries , which is regarded as a typical example of his business . 
 snapper industries had up until the purchase had its manufacturing and headquarters in fort smith , arkansas since 1923 where the company was founded and has deep roots . 
 when mr iacobi bought the company he immediately gutted the company , fired thousands of workers and outsourced the manufacturing to the guangdong province in china . 
 the second main character , and judging by the manuscript he is the true protagonist , is the well-known , at least in europe , violent criminal ludwig norén . 
 he was sentenced to life in january two years ago for the attempted murder of four immigrant men from iran in central stockholm . 
 on may 31 last year he escaped from the maximum security facility hall outside stockholm , where he had served just over a year of his sentence . 
 there has been a lot of speculation concerning ludwig . 
 the commonly held view is that he is or was a lone dangerous man , parallels has been drawn to lee harvey oswald , timothy mcveigh , adam lanza , charles whitman and others . 
 this view probably originated from a widely circulated story published by swedish tabloid aftonbladet which was translated and sold to a variety of international newspapers including the new york times . 
 in the article the journalists interview a variety of people with connections to ludwig , people from his childhood , old teachers and friends . 
 this was also the first time the now widely spread picture of him in high school appeared , where he sits in a classroom and seems to yell at the camera dressed in a black t-shirt with a swedish flag where it says '' made of swedish steel '' . 
 with ludwig came the great fear , to some extent very true , that a new terrorism had presented itself or a new kind of threat on a societal level . 
 he was white , non-religious , born and raised in a home in an upper-class suburb of stockholm where both parents were academics and he had no history of mental illness . 
 presumably his destructive path began towards the end of high school . 
 no one knows why but suddenly he started to isolate himself and lost a number of his closest friends . 
 according to the article in aftonbladet he began visiting obscure gatherings on the internet for example the extremist-community of flashback and went further off the deep end to a world ruled by delusion and hatred . 
 the manuscript completely discards this image of ludwig . 
 ludwig is much but not much of his public persona is true to reality . 
 the odd couple mr iacobi and the mysterious mr norén met in austria sometime in early june last year , soon after ludwig ´ s escape . 
 their relationship , until now , has been unclear because they did not seem to have had any contact what so ever prior to their first meet . 
 it has also been unclear what motive they had but together with other accomplices or by themselves they were involved in the strange and not fully understood theft at the kunsthistorisches museum in vienna in the middle of june last year when the sapphire box of edfu was taken . 
 the sapphire box of edfu is one of the most famous and valuable works of art in the world and it has , to say the least , a mystical history . 
 this event is described in detail in the manuscript . 
 because of what happened at the kunsthistorisches museum , they fled to italy hunted by europol and the italian and austrian police . 
 the hunt led to some unexplained events and encounters until everything came to an end at the capitoline hill in rome which for some unknown reason , as i said , is still sealed off , although it ´ s been over six months . 
 usually in these kinds of high-profile business , sooner rather than later someone talks or leaks information to the press . 
 there are simply too many people involved and there is always someone or some who feel a strong urge to tell the truth . 
 but all rules have exceptions . 
 no one has ever talked in the iacobi affair . 
 i remember when i followed up a bribery scandal in a small town in the u.s. and it didn ´ t take long until someone got in touch directly with me with information about the scandal . 
 and this applies to virtually every major event i worked on . 
 but this case is unique in several ways . 
 before we proceed i want to say something about the vast amount published about this affair . 
 there are some that has come closer to the truth than others , but unfortunately not that close which makes this book paramount . 
 in particular i ´ m thinking of the series of articles in the guardian with the headline murder one , two steals and corriere della serra 's expose cinque pezzi di zaffiro . 
 the books published have , in my opinion , been far from the truth and also the bbc documentary head in the clouds : the story of the iacobi affair despite its great impact . 
 common to all books , documentaries , series of articles , etc. is that they have had their focus on the theft of sapphire box of edfu , which is , as you will see , just a small piece in august and ludwig ´ s hunt for something much bigger . 
 the problem with these kinds of complex stories where the main thread is unknown and difficult to map out is that you ´ re confined to confirm indicia , factors on the periphery and see if the gaps in the history that you fill are credible . 
 i have had the opportunity to interview people that nobody met before and seen places that belong in this story that no one has seen before in the light of this affair . 
 this opportunity has one explanation and one only and that is the contents of the manuscript sent to me in the brown envelope . 
 it has pointed to places and people in the periphery that the silent powers do not have any control over . 
 but the fact remains . 
 no detailed official version is available . 
 no official entity has issued more than a few cursory statements . 
 all we have are some tourist pictures from piazza venezia in rome of ludwig and august 's lifeless bodies behind that iron curtain that still seals the capitoline hill to this day . 
 until now . 
 i hereby choose to publish the manuscript in its entirety because i am certain that it contains the true story of what happened . 
 i have corrected some grammatical errors and coetzee 's tendency to replace b with q in some cases . 
 two chapters , chapters 9 and 34 , are missing and a number of sentences are cut off . 
 the reason for this is unclear . 
 where there has been reason i ´ ve made some clarifications which for the most part can be attributed to linguistic errors because of the author is of scandinavian origin as mentioned above . 
 the clarifications are restricted only to explain obvious misconceptions . 
 there is a note at each part that needs explaining and all the notes are collected at the end of the book as endnotes . 
 i did not want to correct the author ´ s scandinavian english because it would rid the manuscript of authenticity and distance it from its author but it does make the manuscript somewhat harder to read but the content , i can assure you , is well worth it . 
 i have attached the bulk of my notes from the extensive work i put into confirming that the manuscript 's story is true . 
 the notes are edited for readability but are largely unchanged from when they were written . 
 i have removed some names that i want to protect . 
 these notes are marked in the manuscript with staples in the same way that i did with the title of this prologue : -lsb- prologue -rsb- , the titles of the notes are thus -lsb- the notes ' date -rsb- . 
 by and large , i have honored the wishes of the person who sent this to me . 
 beside the notes with the staples headlines that i have inserted all that is written below in the manuscript is by coetzee . 
 i enclose my first notes in this prologue . 
 * -lsb- notes september 23 -rsb- i came from rome yesterday , landed at bratislava airport and took a cab to vienna . 
 checked in to hotel sacher and now i ´ m writing the first entries in this journal regarding my travels to siena , florence , rome and vienna . 
 so far my idea is to travel in chronological order according to the manuscript but i suspect i will have reason to return to some cities , which has already happened since i ´ ve already been to rome . 
 the cabin today i was out by the cabin at the clearing . 
 some villagers recognized the description and pointed me in the right direction . 
 it was a small house with a large barn next door . 
 cabin down a lonely gravel road . 
 i walked around the grounds . 
 everything was clean , didn ´ t look like someone ´ s been there for a long time . 
 the curtains were drawn . 
 no garbage . 
 the grass was overgrown and the paint flaked on both the cabin and the barn . 
 the barn was open . 
 there was nothing in there . 
 i walked around and felt the walls , looked at the hayloft . 
 just when i was leaving , i saw the sun shining into the rammed earth floor of one of the corners . 
 looked like tiny holes . 
 indeed , in the eastern corner of the barn there were several bullet holes in the bottom corner , just east of the gravel road . 
 i ´ ve just read the manuscript a few times , and i ´ m getting used to the language , but i still can not understand how coetzee could have known about this , given who supposedly fired the shots . 
 the advertisement some other things , perhaps of less importance , that i ´ ve had time to check out is that last year mr iacobi placed a small advertisement in the swedish daily newspaper dagens nyheter which alluded to steganographia ´ s cipher by trithemius , it ´ s from the 1400s i think , and that he signed the advertisement with a@iacobi.org . 
 i don ´ t understand why he used this method . 
 remarkably though , the ad is verbatim to what coetzee wrote it in the manuscript . 
 thoth fraternitatis giorgio -lrb- a good friend of mario p at corriere -rrb- who works in the vatican at the apsa , amministrazione del patrimonio della sede apostolica , whom i met over lunch yesterday in rome , has this morning sent me a picture via email to a court record of the curia from the year 1599 . 
 the court record is an interrogation of a man named francesco ranzoni with residence in campo marzio who was accused of having scrawled on a wall next to the porta del popolo . 
 he stated that he received money from a man he didn ´ t know and didn ´ t get a good look at but he asked him to do graffiti which he signed thoth fraternitatis -- thoth ´ s brotherhood , suggesting that at least they were known at this time . 
 coetzee obviously can have access to this too , and have drawn his own conclusions , but in either case it confirms the old brotherhood 's existence . 
 as for the letters from the turn of 1600 , which are published in the manuscript starting from chapter one , which are supposedly written by members of the esoteric thoth fraternitatis , giorgio said that he recognized the letters but didn ´ t know much about it . 
 he said he would check into it and get back to me . 
 bellarmine & the great book giorgio would also check if the great doctor , as giorgio insist upon calling him , roberto francesco romolo bellarmine , the general inquisitor at the end of the 1500s , left a diary or journal , which was entitled '' theatrum festiva '' , '' montepulciano '' or '' theatrum diabolus '' or something to that effect , where he described his attempts to find thoth fraternitatis which , if i understand correctly , was the catholic church 's worst enemy at the time . 
 giorgio would get back to me in a few days , he promised . 
 the capitoline hill a contact at the rome police has sent a picture from inside the capitoline hill and the allegedly huge hidden chamber inside the hill . 
 it ´ s a picture he took with his iphone and it ´ s taken without flash because he was in a situation he couldn ´ t use it . 
 the picture is , which is also noticeable , of one of the walls of the chamber which is smattered with pictures . 
 right on one of the walls there was this symbol . 
 * below is coetzee ´ s manuscript : a small note on a manuscript and a rotten apple my mother always said that everything started somewhere with a manuscript , in the back of the line of all why was always a manuscript . 
 i will give her the right at least when it comes to this story it starts actually with a manuscript . 
 the author of the manuscript could never imagine the tremendous impact it would have even during his own lifetime and far less what took place several hundred years after it was written . 
 the author could not reasonably foresee that even if , as in this case may be seen as ironic , the manuscript was prophetic in nature . 
 i will start with what is generally known , so far back that i in a reasonably honest way can describe the events . 
 the ottoman turks conquered constantinople in the mid 1400 's . 
 as many warlike men before them , they wanted to take over the world and the conquest was a step along the way . 
 what they did not know was that they put the wheels in motion for something completely different . 
 when they took over the city escaped many of the byzantine empire intellectuals to florence . 
 one of them was the philosopher pletho . 
 after a short time he got close to the mighty renaissance prince cosimo de'medici . 
 of pletho learned the prince of a lost manuscript . 
 pletho said , a trifle exaggerated , although he stuck to the truth as he saw it , that the manuscript was stolen from constantinople , he had seen the most gruesome things in the emperor 's palace . 
 the few who read the manuscript was never the same again and ran into strange accidents . 
 no one dared to tell what was there and no one dared to finish reading it . 
 cosimo was fascinated when pletho told what little he knew about the content . 
 he put the work on the dome of santa maria del fiore to rest and instead he began sending out agents to search through old libraries and monasteries where pletho suspected that the manuscript was hidden . 
 in 1460 finally an ancient scripture collection entitled corpus hermeticum was discovered in a remote mountain monastery in macedonia . 
 someone had too much trouble hiding it in a cavity under the floor of the exam room in the monastery . 
 the title was new , sloppily painted over the old , but the content was the same . 
 the manuscript was brought to florence where pletho testified that it was the handwriting of constantinople . 
 scripture was thought to be much older than jesus and contain fragments of the egyptian thoths holy book . 
 the book was the first book ever written , written 6000 years bc and long since gone . 
 cosimo gave humanist marsilio ficino the task of translating the manuscript from greek into latin . 
 they were convinced that the publication contained an ancient secret , which was written down in the book of thoth in egypt . 
 a secret so powerful that , if revealed , the world would never be the same . 
 * the first one who told me about chaos theory was my father . 
 he was professor of latin at the university of stockholm , but devoted all his spare time -lrb- and secretly a large part of their time -rrb- to the study of chaos theory . 
 by chance , he came into contact with chaos research when he was in boston in 1972 and got a meeting cancelled . 
 at the sheraton park hotel where he was staying was the 139th annual meeting of the american association for the advancement of science . 
 since he had the morning off and knew several of the participants at the conference , he asked one of the organizers if he could not sit for a while to pass the time . 
 the same morning at 10 am with my father in the front row mathematician edward lorenz 's held his famous speech does the flap of a butterfly 's wings in brazil set off a tornado in texas ? 
 and my father was imprisoned .1 chaos theory in itself is not very complicated , even though the mathematical exercises can be . 
 the theory is essentially on what is said in the title of lorenz 's . 
 the emphasis is mainly the initial values in an experiment , change the fourth decimal place and you get a completely different scenario . 
 like many other great discoveries in history lorenz formulated the theory because of a mistake he committed when he was doing a prediction about the weather . 
 when he was repeating a previous experiment , he wanted to save some time and filled in the truncated initial value .506 instead of the full .506127 and got a completely different result . 
 and it is obvious that there are an enormous number of initial values in terms of impact on a process , for example , a given event in a person 's life - a car accident , birth , graduation , genetic makeup . 
 but the most important initial values , including the constantinople manuscript that i mentioned just now , of this story and what followed because of those initial values are all recorded in this manuscript . 
 my father always stated firmly that my creation was dependent on a rotten apple in a kiosk outside the empire state building in new york city . 
 he complained about the apple which he had bought with the result that he missed his flight home to stockholm > overnighted at an airport hotel where he got help booking a new flight via frankfurt > a storm concentrated in frankfurt marooned my father again > pissed off he went into the town > got drunk at the nearest bierstube > got into an intense argument about the origin of the letter c in latin of all things > woke up at frankfurt hauptbahnhof > took the train home to sweden > few weeks later , he sat in his office -lrb- he was a graduate student then -rrb- and wondered what type of beer he had drunk in frankfurt > when he didn ´ t remember , he went to the pub tudor arms on Östermalm -lrb- which had many beers -rrb- > after having plowed through the range , he found nothing > when he was about to go there was a football match in the europe championship on between west germany and spain , and he stayed because he wanted to see the germans lose > to the game a party of four arrived who sat next to my father . 
 it was the first time my mother and father 's eyes met . 
 i am the rotten apple in this story . 
 without me this story had , at least in the end , probably would have been quite different . 
 but the story is not about me and i will not take more space than i need . 
 you could say that i 'm sitting on a stand and watching the game , but i see far and i see many , many games . 
 it ´ s all about ludwig , everything has always been about ludwig . 
 the author part one the face behind the mask of the apocalypse common to all ciphers through time , in principle all , is that they are solved . 
 i can not think of a single cipher before 1950 that is not resolved except one . 
 a cryptographic cipher that puzzled analysts through history is the enigmatic cipher known as the codex enigma-cipher , which appeared in the late 1500s in a paper in rome . 
 one of the reasons , at least what i think , is that only one of the two fragments of the cipher has been known . 
 below is an excerpt of the cipher from the front of the pamphlet reproba informatio ab deus - occultus venalicium in praedestino vicis versus -lrb- rome , 1593 -rrb- printed on behalf of the esoteric society thoth ´ s brotherhood . 
 according to legend , the cipher contains the path to the mythical the theatre of the five gates . 
 the temple is said , according to the myth , to be resting place for the egyptian thoth ´ s holy book . 
 no one has managed to solve the cipher in over 400 years . 
 1 prague year 1600 this story is about how a young man began to smile again . 
 it 's up to you whether you want to believe it or not but i can reassure you by saying that it is true . 
 this is how it has to have been and it has how it happened . 
 it is quite some time since i met ludwig for the first time but everything has its beginning the night of 21 may 1600 , near the charles bridge in prague . 
 at midnight , the night was crystal clear according to the soldiers in the alpine passes . 
 but according to several who were still awake in rome , paris and london the sky shone red as a bloody wound . 
 the red glow was something they had never seen before and they were quite sure that it had to do with what had happened in rome . 
 but the night in prague was absolutely pitch black , so black that you could not see your hands in front of you . 
 the darkness hid what rode through the villages on the outskirts of the city , what it was and what it did . 
 a few hours later almost collapsed couriers mario and fabrizio against a customs house on the river in prague . 
 between them stood a coffin they been commissioned to bring from rome to prague . 
 it had become dawn , but the fog was so thick that the city was just a glimpse of the river . 
 fabrizio and mario sat in silence . 
 the only sound was their breathing . 
 they looked at the dark sky and the castle that lay along the slope above them . 
 although they did not actually let the eye wander over the castle and the sky . 
 up there , they saw what they didn ´ t want to see . 
 over their eyes was a flicker of nightmare images of the beast in rome and his bite , their fear of him , and their cries . 
 all the signs were there . 
 the august night moon was as black as the burnt pyre they had seen in rome days before they fled from rome . 
 bleak , it glimpsed surrounded by dark clouds . 
 the night was cold and still . 
 the city was deserted and silent . 
 above their heads , inside the gates of prague castle , over the crown of the st. veits cathedral flew a dozen ravens as an omen of the trumpets of revelation . 
 all the signs were there . 
 now they were going to die . 
 fabrizio let go of the coffin and put his head against the ground . 
 he looked at mario and listened . 
 the dew soaked through his shirt . 
 the heart pounding . 
 weakly , he heard something , it was like a distant bang on the horizon . 
 he pressed his ear to the grass . 
 it rumbled beneath him . 
 it sounded like an earthquake drilled toward them . 
 the handle on the coffin was shaking . 
 fabrizio went to the corner of the customs house and looked up the hill where the prague castle was . 
 a grass road with tire tracks snaked down from the castle to the customs house and went into the city and the bridge behind them . 
 darkness showed movements but they disappeared as quickly as they came . 
 he could not trust his eyes . 
 the handle stopped shaking when fabrizio put his hand over it . 
 fabrizio kept his eyes on the road . 
 cautiously they stepped onto the bridge and crept along the bridge . 
 with each step , they felt more secure , and fuller of life . 
 it suddenly felt like they would make it , after all . 
 the old town gate at the end of charles bridge shone as salvation itself . 
 but when they reached the halfway point , they turned around . 
 out of the darkness welled horsemen like a dark tide . 
 the men stood paralyzed . 
 the hope ran out of them . 
 the horsemen rode down the slope from the castle and on the road to the customs house . 
 in the men 's eyes they looked like the horsemen of the apocalypse , like those they had seen in paintings in rome , draped with black hoods and arms raised with swords . 
 hoods hiding their faces , in front of their eyes hung a black cloth . 
 the men broke out of paralysis when the hooves hit the charles bridge first stone . 
 the hooves pumped out adrenaline in the men , and they ran half exhausted and half storm towards the gate . 
 arriving at the gateway to the old town the horsemen shot an arrow at them but it bounced off the thigh of a jesus statue . 
 the men rushed through the gate to the old town . 
 they overturned stacked baskets and shouted as loud as they could so as many people as possible would wake up . 
 in the corner of a plaza a few blocks in from the gateway , they found a basement to hide in . 
 they slammed the door . 
 put the coffin gently on the floor . 
 they held their breath and waited . 
 sweat ran along the forehead of fabrizio and mario . 
 nearby they heard the clatter of the horses against the cobbles . 
 the town was as quiet as before . 
 they saw a man open a window shutter and looked out cautiously but as soon as the riders approached , he closed it . 
 the dawn lit up the alley outside the basement . 
 the black friars came closer . 
 fabrizio put his head against the door . 
 a few steps away , he heard them . 
 fabrizio and mario took each other 's hands and squeezed everything they could . 
 from the basement window , they saw the riders stop in the square . 
 a knoll lying on a bench by the fountain pretended to sleep . 
 the horsemen asked him if he had seen any men with a chest . 
 he remained on the bench and shook his head . 
 when the horsemen moved on fabrizio and mario fell down on the damp basement wall . 
 they clasped hands and thanked god that they had escaped the holy inquisition . 
 a few days later handed fabrizio and mario coffin as agreed . 
 a cab then took it to a farm outside prague . 
 in seclusion the man did what was written in the instructions that were hidden in a compartment in the bottom of the coffin . 
 after he was done , he sent the coffin ahead and hung himself from a beam in the ceiling wrapped by two red velvet ribbons . 
 * the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg year 1600 on the christian side near the border to the ottoman empire two men waited with a torch that was about to burn out . 
 the big one was at least on the surface calm , the small one trembled . 
 but both were anxious , afraid of what awaited them . 
 they looked out over the dark plain . 
 their master had ordered that as soon as the coffin was delivered , they would bring it up to the castle and his chambers . 
 when the last embers fell on the ground they heard hooves hitting the ground not far from where they stood . 
 the big one squinted and said to the little one . '' 
 it is ours , this is ours . 
 now look , stern up . '' 
 the little rose slightly . 
 the sweat dripped from his hair . 
 it was easy to see that he was scared , he looked up at the big one as a son looks at his father when something unknown is approaching in the darkness . 
 the big one hit him in the back . 
 told him once again to stand up straight . 
 the riders approached . 
 the little one 's breast trembled as he drew in a deep breath . 
 the riders heaved out a coffin on the ground in front of them . 
 they rode away before the dust settled . 
 fearing ambush and scolding the men hastily brought the coffin through the village below the castle where the lepers and cripples were infected in the dirt and ate plague powder with 2 solder bayberry and saltpeter . 
 a toothless woman shouted after them . 
 the words whistled through her mouth . '' 
 is it not the bear and rat chasing each other in the night ? '' 
 the other old women laughed at her wit as she smacked his mouth . 
 she pressed a little more plague powder in her mouth and looked at the men with a blank stare . 
 the bear turned around . 
 he fixed his eyes on her and raised his leg . 
 he kicked mud in her face but fell . 
 he lost his grip on the chest and also the rat slipped . 
 the coffin hit the ground and slid open . 
 a compartment in the bottom clicked . 
 a glittering object rolled out in the clay . 
 a jewel box covered with shimmering sapphires . 
 it shone as bright as the evening star over a dark sea . 
 the bear and the rat looked at each other and the box . 
 they threw themself over it without thinking and tucked it away in a shoulder bag . 
 the rat closed the coffin and the men rushed up towards the castle . 
 the rain lashed their faces when they took the last steps up the steep , winding road that led up to the castle . 
 it lay unavailable at the precipice of a mountain , where the wind all day whined lamentations that was as long as the horizon and the horizon was long one can undoubtedly say . 
 the castle lord had built it there because the view was panoramic and ideal for early detection of the dog turk , whom he called his enemies . 
 they left the coffin quickly . 
 with the box in their bag they ran away from the castle towards wealth . 
 in one of the castle 's halls a chandelier threw its play of light across the walls and floorboards . 
 a stove was smoldering near the dining area where an empty plate stood next to a half-full glass . 
 when the castle lord came into the room , he took off his overcoat and folded it over a chair . 
 he looked at the coffin that the bear and the rat had set in the middle of the room . 
 it dripped with rain water . 
 after he opened the lid , he locked up the compartment in the bottom where the two pamphlets were . 
 he picked up one and read the title : reproba informatio ab deus - occultus venalicium in praedestino vicis versus . 
 a shiver went through him when he under the pamphlet saw the great corpus . 
 it was master plethos holy manuscript . 
 the manuscript where the master commented and expanded the corpus hermeticum from constantinople and described the secret path to thoth ´ s enigmatic secret . 
 the castle lord opened the corpus and read a few lines until his loyalty finally defeated his ambition . 
 he was not the first to be tempted to take part of the manuscript secret and was far from the last . 
 he reminded himself that he was one of the brothers , one of master plethos confidant . 
 he put down the manuscript and took up the instruction that was at the bottom of the coffin . 
 without tremble , he performed the task with care . 
 urgently , he then put the coffin to its resting place where the black friars would never find it . 
 when he was finished , he heard a disturbing sound . 
 he realized instantly that the black friars had arrived . 
 behind a curtain , he looked out the window across the plain . 
 the village below the castle was on fire . 
 the fire lit up the dark night . 
 he could hear the sound of muskets and the screams from the cripples . 
 he drew the curtain and went to work . 
 their coats were wet and smelled sour smoke when the black friars threw a battering ram against the castle gate . 
 eager to destroy the plague that ravaged rome and the holy christianity . 
 they shouted pope julius ii 's battle cry '' fuori into barbarism , fuori into barbarism '' . 
 the black friars butted down the wood in the door . 
 as soon as it gave way they stopped their cries . 
 the brothers were astonished . 
 above the stairs , across a beam hung the castle lord . 
 he had a noose around his neck . 
 two red velvet ribbons were wrapped wrap around his body . 
 * rome year 1600 the dawn was still , only the church bell of sant ` eustachio could be heard on piazza navona and the pantheon . 
 most were asleep at this time and didn ´ t wake , probably because they had heard it so many times before . 
 but at the law faculty at rome 's university near the church an old man was awake . 
 he sat at his writing desk in the glow of a fire whose flames swayed back and forth . 
 he gently lifted his hand to take more ink from his inkwell . 
 with his eyelids half closed , he looked into the fire . 
 he sighed and took a deep breath . 
 the man took out a new paper and a stamp to post a letter . 
 he warmed the stamp against a light . 
 it dripped red wax on his writing desk . 
 with the stamp he burned the seal in the paper : * * * master i 've just been reached by a dispatch that the coffin has arrived at riegersburg . 
 the black friars have not returned yet , but at least for today the brotherhood ´ s secret is out of danger . 
 i profusely hope that the general inquisitor bellarmine and his brothers don ´ t get ahold of it . 
 your humble servant , rome in the holy year of mdc 2 kunsthistorisches museum , vienna january 10 the first thing i thought when i saw her for the first time was that she was beautiful . 
 victoria iacobi was beautiful , so much was true about her . 
 it had probably been to her disadvantage a number of times because she probably first and foremost was beautiful and number two was an art historian , like montgomery clift who first and foremost was beautiful and second an actor , no matter how good he was . 
 i have both heard and read that some felt that it was money and not love that got victoria to marry august iacobi , wherever they got that from . 
 it must have been august 's enemies who said it and who they were is impossible to say for he had many = he collected enemies like shit collects flies . 
 a good example of how the world perceived them , at least those who did not know the couple , i remember a spread from an event in vienna 's high society circles , which a british tabloid published . 
 there were pictures of rich ladies in evening gowns and swanky men in tuxedos . 
 the title of august and victoria 's picture was the beauty and the fat man , which was aimed at august 's business nickname and not his physical condition because he was in pretty good shape . 
 anyway , i remember that i thought it was pretty funny . 
 and august probably didn ´ t give a flying jot about it .2 this monday victoria was in a hurry , more than she used to have the other mondays . 
 her legs ached but she clenched as she always did . 
 she walked briskly through the egyptian gallery at the kunsthistorisches museum in vienna . 
 under her arm she carried a notebook , close to the black dress she was wearing . 
 the sound of her heels bounced between the halls . 
 in her dark hair she wore a barrette that shone in the subdued light in the egyptian gallery . 
 she stopped in the back of the gallery in saal xiii where one of the museum 's oldest objects was displayed . 
 the hall was empty except for the object which sat on a pedestal behind inch thick glass in the middle of the hall . 
 a group of twenty tourists crowded into the room . 
 victoria stepped aside while the group formed a crescent around the object . 
 i could almost hear her sigh when she had to wait . 
 a guide stood beside the object and watched the tourists who took up their cameras . 
 the guide smiled and pointed at the target , proud as if it were her own . '' 
 here it is what we are most proud of here at the kunsthistorisches museum . 
 one of the world 's oldest and most precious works of art . 
 the world famous sapphire box of edfu . '' 
 the tourists took several pictures and expressed muted superlatives among themselves . 
 after a few minutes the guide stepped aside and the group defiled past the pedestal , took close-up pictures and studied the box in every detail . 
 the tourists ' reaction was not entirely unexpected , the sapphire box of edfu was special . 
 from a distance one could easily be fooled that it was not so remarkable , but up close it was in a class by itself . 
 the sapphire box looked like an old-fashioned jewel box . 
 it was round , ten centimeters in diameter , not higher than a shot of tequila . 
 it was richly adorned with blue sapphires which i guess is what gives the object its name . 
 the sapphire box glistened in the subdued lighting in saal xiii . 
 its handicraft was a rare masterpiece . 
 a stradivarius in arts and crafts . 
 in front of the pedestal was a sign that said : the sapphire box of edfu 3rd century bc egypt , edfu when the tourists had gone victoria took out her notebook , pulled off the pen sitting on the side . 
 she studied the box from all sides . 
 the same thing that she had done the last four weeks . 
 despite the intensive study she never got tired of seeing it . 
 after a while , she felt the presence of another person in the room . 
 she looked up at him , smiled , moved to the side so that he could get access to see the sapphire box closer . 
 he stood there for a while , victoria became impatient as she wanted to continue her research . 
 after a few minutes , he said . '' 
 beautiful , is it not ? '' 
 victoria smiled again . 
 responded politely to his question . '' 
 indeed . '' 
 the man moved closer to victoria . 
 his eyes were blank and he looked at her as if he was about to reveal a big secret . '' 
 you 've obviously heard the myths about the sapphire box ? '' 
 victoria was surprised . 
 she thought she was one of the few who knew . 
 she tried to sound surprised , but she played it poorly . '' 
 i have not . 
 what are the myths ? '' 
 the man looked disappointed at her . 
 he released his facade . 
 the smile was gone . 
 he said firmly , but not unpleasant . '' 
 i am certain that you know . '' 
 victoria frowned . 
 a week ago , another man asked her about the myths when she was in saal xiii . 
 it could not be a coincidence . 
 she remembered that her friend , the museum 's curator loretta colonna , told her that there had been several attempts to steal the sapphire box recently and the museum had had special supervision over the room but when they investigated the matter further no suspect emerged . '' 
 i 'm afraid i have to disappoint you . 
 i don ´ t know what you are talking about . '' 
 the man appeared impatiently . 
 he sharpened his tone but could not help but to sound a little bit clumsy . '' 
 it is true that you investigated the sapphire box closer . 
 i can see it in your face . '' 
 although it perhaps was not the man 's intent the situation got unpleasant , almost intimidating . 
 victoria felt a discomfort in the body . 
 she wondered how the man could know that she had studied the egyptian box outside the exhibition case . 
 she pulled back the shoulders and said . '' 
 i do not like your tone . 
 whether i investigated the sapphire box or not , either way it does not concern you . '' 
 victoria 's forthright approach shot back the man 's position . '' 
 i apologize . 
 my imagination is untamed . 
 it happens that i 'm jumping to conclusions . '' 
 victoria released the guard and smiled reservedly . '' 
 it can happen to all of us . '' 
 it was quiet in the egyptian gallery , it was a few hours before closing and it became sparser between visitors . 
 they stood silent for a moment . 
 both looked toward the sapphire box ´ s exhibition case . 
 after a while the man broke the silence . 
 he came closer to victoria who stepped backwards . 
 the man 's intense eyes almost drilled holes in victoria . 
 he said . '' 
 excuse me for repeating myself , but my conclusion that you just now dismissed , i have a hard time ignoring it . '' '' 
 what do you mean ? '' '' 
 i also have a hard time believing that you do not know the sapphire box ´ s myths . '' 
 the atmosphere was again uncomfortable . 
 the man continued . '' 
 i think you know the myths very well . 
 i also believe that you intend to remove the sapphire box from the museum and use it in the way that it was designed for from the beginning . 
 it 's something i can not accept . '' '' 
 what on earth are you talking about ? 
 you just met me , you do not know what you are talking about . '' 
 the man did not care about what victoria said . '' 
 otherwise you would not have been here and studied the sapphire box for the last four weeks . '' 
 victoria 's heart pounded . 
 it was as if someone put a cold hand on her breast . 
 the man came closer to her . 
 just as he opened his mouth victoria heard the jingling of a bunch of keys . 
 she recognized the slow walking style of the museum 's caretaker , lukas gruber . 
 she shouted at him . '' 
 lukas , in here . '' 
 lukas came into the room . 
 victoria walked towards him . 
 she calmed down when she met him . 
 she said with a trembling voice . '' 
 you have not seen loretta today ? '' 
 lukas had his hands on his keys . 
 he said kindly . '' 
 i think she is sitting in his office . 
 want some company going there ? '' 
 victoria felt calm again . '' 
 yes , that 's very kind of you . '' 
 lukas greeted the man with a short nod . 
 victoria did not turn around and went further down the hallway . 
 lukas left her at loretta 's office . 
 loretta welcomed her in . 
 victoria sat cross-legged in one of her visits armchairs and went straight to the point . '' 
 loretta , my dear , old friend . 
 i ask you . 
 i need to investigate the sapphire box one last time . 
 i 've done it before . 
 who cares if i do it once more ? '' 
 loretta fidgeted in her chair . 
 she found it hard to say no to her friend , especially considering her situation . 
 but the box was one of their most valuable items and those that had examined the box through the years were few . 
 the museum was restrictive when it came to granting research on the sapphire box because of its age and possible fragility , not least because of its value . 
 loretta did not say anything but just smiled . 
 victoria continued . '' 
 given my situation , since august , please loretta . 
 you have to help me ! '' 
 victoria became teary-eyed . 
 she held back the tears as best she could . 
 loretta could not resist . 
 she picked up the phone and made a call . 
 she was sharp in the tone and hung up after a few minutes . '' 
 victoria . 
 now i risk my reputation here , but you have it for an hour tomorrow after closing and under the supervision of a conservator . '' 
 victoria stood up . 
 she kissed loretta on the cheek and thanked her friend . 
 victoria picked up their coats from the museum 's closet and wished the hatcheck boy a nice evening . 
 she tied a scarf around her head , donned a dark coat and opened the door to the cold of winter . 
 the square between the kunsthistorisches museum and naturhistorisches museum was deserted . 
 the winter 's cold wind had swept away all the people . 
 left was an icy statue of maria theresa of austria , who stood alone in the middle of the square , surrounded by barren plants well into hibernation . 
 victoria walked her usual walk from the museum to the hotel sacher that she lived at the last month . 
 when she got to the avenue at the ringstrasse a car stopped in front of her . 
 she recognized the driver from a week back , the man she had just met in saal xiii stepped out . '' 
 allow me . 
 we want to go somewhere and talk . '' 
 another two men got out of the car and stood behind her . 
 victoria looked around . 
 it was pointless to resist . 
 she stepped into the car . 
 the car rolled off the ringstrasse and victoria was hooked . '' 
 i suppose you want to talk about the sapphire box . '' '' 
 that 's right '' , said the man from saal xiii . '' 
 then i also assume that you are looking for the theatre . '' '' 
 just as i guess you do . '' 
 victoria ignored the question . 
 she said . '' 
 may i ask why you do it ? '' '' 
 who doesn ´ t want access to it ? 
 the reason is the same , as it has been for all who have searched for the theatre through the centuries , it applies equally to us as it applies to you . '' '' 
 and that is ? '' '' 
 you know very well . '' '' 
 tell me . '' '' 
 it gives you power over the creation . 
 it can be used to ... '' victoria interrupted . '' 
 you can not be serious . 
 it is dangerous to believe in those old myths . '' 
 the man hitched eyes again in victoria . 
 she felt his breath , pulled away her face . 
 he said . '' 
 the last person who had that power was jesus . '' 
 victoria snorted . 
 he continued . '' 
 you laugh , but i know that it is false . 
 both you and i know that people have been misled for a long time , just as the prophecy says in revelations . 
 with the scripture in the theatre , we will meet the second and final prophecy as it is written in the 20th chapter of the apocalypse . 
 deception will drown with the false prophet and the beast into the lake of fire and brimstone . 
 and then the last judgment is over us . '' 
 victoria shook her head . 
 she sat quiet and fingered on her cell phone in one of her coat pockets . 
 car traffic thinned out and they turned off the highway . 
 the darkness hid the landscape , she did not know where they were going . 
 the driver swung by another road . 
 the car 's lights lit up the name of the town as they were about to enter , gablitz . 
 a small village a few miles outside vienna . 
 3 the hall institution , södertälje , sweden january 11 i never got away from the idea that the bare cell was reminiscent of frank morris cell , the escapee of escape from alcatraz played by clint eastwood . 
 it was a few square meters where they had crammed a chrome toilet , a small bed , a worn table and a stool . 
 the inmate who lived in the cell was ludwig norén . 
 at the time he was 25 years old , normal build , had short semi-dark hair and was of medium height . 
 compared to the other 157 lifetime condemned men in sweden -lrb- they were mostly men , 4 women -rrb- ludwig had a different profile . 
 the people who tested him at the national reception at kumla , where everyone who was sentenced to more than four years in prison sent for tests , was mildly surprised , to say the least , when they met the young ludwig norén . 
 he was ahead of his judgment a top student in history at the university of stockholm with stable socio-economic background and had , what one would think , a predictable future in a comfortable suburb somewhere . 
 but something had backfired . 
 he was never punished before . 
 now he was sentenced for life . 
 ludwig did not say a word during the entire test period and was placed at maximum security facility hall in södertälje a couple of miles south of stockholm . 
 he didn ´ t lift an eyebrow when he heard the news . 
 ludwig sat in his cell and examined the artwork he had on his wall . 
 it sat across from a poster of edward hopper 's nighthawks and a photograph by gregory crewdson where a man stood in the rain outside the diner in a small town in the u.s. . 
 ludwig had done the artwork itself . 
 the warders who conducted the sweeps and woke him every morning had many times looked at the painting and wondered what it represented but ludwig never said anything . 
 he remained on his own edge in jail . 
 there were some who was on top of him in the beginning when he was a rookie , but he never gave up . 
 they were most at him the first few months but they ended it when ludwig started playing poker with the yugoslav juro and his entourage . 
 nobody thought of the fact that he was depicted as a racist in the newspapers , and when someone said something about it juro silenced them with a joke that they had common enemies . 
 ludwig worked in the carpentry shop at hall , it was his voluntary activity . 
 for the work he got ten bucks3 an hour which enabled him to buy a kexchoklad or two in the kiosk that was on the institution . 
 he glided through his zombie life within the walls of the hall and not a fuck had any idea what he was thinking . 
 if there was someone who thought about him at all , it was that they did not think the guy had the courage to walk up to four for him unknown guys and pull the trigger . 
 the clock struck six . 
 ludwig left the cell and went to the rec room . 
 a tv blasted in the background . 
 a guard asked an intern to take down his feet as he rested them on a chair . 
 an old intern turned the page of a newspaper . 
 ludwig went to juros table where he was sitting with two of his boys . 
 juro lit up and greeted ludwig with a firm handshake with his big , fat hands . 
 after a few months in prison juro had invited ludwig to play poker because he thought he resembled his brother who died in a gang fight a few years back . 
 unwilling at first , ludwig finally accepted as it was a way to escape reality for an hour a day . 
 juro handed out the cards . 
 they played texas hold 'em . 
 they played for matches and honor . 
 the pot was built up . 
 no one was in a hurry . 
 each participant was allowed to think about their choices . 
 in the end , everyone folded except juro and ludwig . 
 they did not know if it was due to prison but after a while their poker games started to follow certain procedures as tightly structured as life in prison . 
 juro and ludwig always were the last men standing and ludwig won forever . '' 
 now you fucktard , smiley . 
 eat these cards '' , juro said and laughed . 
 juro ´ s card showed a full house . 
 without showing any emotion ludwig turned up his cards showing a royal flush . '' 
 what the hell . 
 how the hell do you do it , smiley ? '' 
 ludwig did not answer , he just gathered the matches . 
 a fat colombian slid up behind juro . 
 asked what the situation was . 
 they shook hands and hugged each other with the handshake in between . 
 the colombian crouched and pulled juro to it . 
 he whispered . '' 
 juro , how the hell can you hang with smiley , he 's damn crazy like a fucking pablo on chiquita cocaina , have you not heard what the fucking ward-asses are saying - '' juro flew up from his chair , grabbed the colombian 's collar and pushed him up against the wall . 
 the warders looked the other way , did not intervene . 
 the colombian raised his arms up . 
 juro stared at him without blinking . '' 
 okay , okay ... come on , smiley , '' the colombian watched ludwig . '' 
 you know i 'm just driving the willy wedge . '' 
 juro released him and sat down . 
 nervously said the colombian . '' 
 juro , how the hell is it going ? '' 
 as if nothing had happened juro said . '' 
 what do you think cali ? 
 what is that , like six months ago smiley started playing with us , and since then none of us have won . 
 we are trying only cupping his style and compete to be the first loser . '' 
 juro pointed with his hand on a chair . 
 cali sat down and joined the game . 
 an hour later , ludwig had all the matches . 
 the gang broke up . 
 ludwig went to his cell . 
 on the way back a corrections officer stopped him and asked him to come to his office . 
 he sat down behind the table . 
 ludwig stood in the doorway . 
 the prison nurse looked at a piece of paper and said . '' 
 you have a visitor . '' '' 
 who ? '' '' 
 it is a journalist again . '' 
 the prison nurse showed the note of the journalist 's name . 
 ludwig remembered his name from the newspaper he had read earlier that day , he was some kind of hotshot journalist with a couple of pounds of pulitzer-prize ego . '' 
 i guess you do not want to see him . '' 
 ludwig nodded . '' 
 ok , well , that was all . 
 you can go now . '' 
 ludwig lay in bed and waited for extinction .4 he thought of what he had done , he did that almost every day in prison whenever he leaned back and shut his eyes . 
 when he closed his eyes he would always talk , sometimes just in his head but sometimes he talked quiet , so quiet you could barely hear him . 
 but i listened . 
 i always listened to ludwig . 
 and i heard every word . 
 the pillow was youtube and the head pressed play every night . 
 he saw himself sitting in his shabby car parked at mosebacke square on södermalm in stockholm . 
 he saw himself shaking in the driver 's seat . 
 it was shortly after midnight , one o ´ clock . 
 it was the payday weekend and friday . 
 everyone was tired after the work week but had new money in the account which meant bullshit , beer , tanning , shots , blackjack , cocktails , dance floor , snogging . 
 ludwig was stone sober and shook with rage . 
 the veins on his forehead , arms , neck and legs were outside and were about to pop . 
 the gun was in his lap . 
 the guy he bought it from , a shadowy guy whom he had met through flashback online , had shown how to do it . 
 ludwig had never held a gun before . 
 and what i understand he never wanted to hold one again but fate wanted otherwise . 
 when the people began to stumble out of the nightclub daily 's next 7-eleven on götgatan a few hours later ludwig scouted after the monkeys . 
 despite the cold january night , a crowd formed outside the 7-eleven on götgatsbacken . 
 it was lit inside the nightclub and a half moon shimmered over the people instead of some broken street lights . 
 some guys stood and pissed in the gateways across the store . 
 a couple had a fight , the girl had black splash of mascara around her eyes and her boyfriend was vulture stuffed5 . 
 he was lying on the asphalt barely moving and didn ´ t care a shit about what she said . 
 ludwig spotted the ape heads . 
 he reacted instantly . 
 with the gun tightly at his side , he went to the nightclub . 
 the four boys he wanted to get at were scattered , with ten feet apart . 
 when he was near he shouted , raising his gun . '' 
 hey ! '' 
 the boys recognized him immediately . 
 they froze and became terrified . 
 the people around them cried when they saw the gun and ludwig 's mad , glossy eyes . 
 he urged them away . 
 drunken party girls and even drunker high school boys ran like dizzy chickens away from the site . 
 the guards brought a bunch into the club and locked the door . 
 when they were almost the only guys left ludwig pointed the gun at them and fired on all four until the gun clicked . 
 4 the arcadian , broadway , new york city january 12 the owners of the it company 2bird cld , childhood friends larry and sergio , stood in the elevator of the arcadian skyscraper in midtown manhattan , near times square . 
 i have seen and heard of many nervous people in my life but larry and sergio is probably among the most nervous i 've encountered . 
 they stood in silence , looking at how the digital board listed the floors . 
 the elevator plinged and a voice announced that they reached the 40th floor . 
 they step into a stripped lobby which was decorated with a crescent-shaped desk and a few armchairs . 
 an artwork by giacometti depicting a skinny naked man stood in a corner . 
 the receptionist waved them to visit the chairs . 
 they settled down . 
 larry struck his fingers on his legs , took deep breaths . 
 sergio felt the sweat running down his back . 
 he had put on a t-shirt under his polo shirt , which he normally didn ´ t do but he did it so he wouldn ´ t stain the shirt . 
 after a few minutes the receptionist said that mr. iacobi could receive them . 
 the men stood up , pushed back the shoulders to cast some artificial courage into the spinal cord . 
 although the deal was basically done , they were just in the office to sign the agreements , they could not help but be nervous for the meeting with the great business man mr iacobi . 
 mr. iacobi had lived up to his reputation in their eyes . 
 he was a temperamental man , a full-blooded capitalist , who had a stable of big business behind him , a man who loved bargaining , who lived for them . 
 their first and only meeting had resulted in the company sold to iacobi investment group instead of hp and dell , although the two outbid mr iacobi . 
 in an airy conference room on the 40th floor sat the 65-year-old financial mogul august iacobi and stared out over the hudson river . 
 far away he saw the staten island ferry that took people to and from lower manhattan . 
 on the horizon was the statue of liberty with her torch , wrapped in a cloak of sea mist . 
 the arcadian who was a few steps away from times square , he had bought for small change a few years ago when the banks fell like skittles in the recent financial crisis , faithful to baron rothschild 's words of wisdom : it 's time to buy when there is blood in the streets . 
 with the purchase , he moved parts of his headquarters of the powerful investment company iacobi investment group from vienna to new york city . 
 with eyes fixed on the horizon , he hardly noticed larry and sergio coming into the room . 
 he turned to them and greeted . 
 august nodded to one of his lawyers who sat in on the meeting . 
 they listened to a brief presentation of the business of the counsel . 
 they signed the contract . 
 larry and sergio seemed relieved when all signed , as if they expected a final negotiation . 
 to larry and sergio ´ s surprise mr iacobi was unusually dimmed . 
 somewhat timidly larry suggested that they would celebrate the deal with a swanky lunch at adour alain ducasse at the st. regis . 
 august pressed forward with a smile but firmly refused . 
 they left him . 
 august turned again to the window . 
 the counsel gathered the agreements of the company 's purchase of america 's largest digital storage company , 2bird cld , which would get them to eat themselves firmly into the global market for cloud computing services . 
 the lawyer said nothing as he walked out , afraid to make august upset . 
 august saw all the life down on times square . 
 yellow cab cos. yellow dots , sausage stalls , suits who hurried away on a business lunch , the naked cowboy , an activist group that gave out free hugs for the lonely . 
 advertising billboards for kodak , buick lacrosse , phantom of the opera , corona light next to news on big screen . 
 he didn ´ t think it but he knew it : in spite of the life down there , there was no life in him . 
 he was a dead shell that somehow miraculously still lived . 
 negotiations used to give him goose bumps , when the ink slowly dried on the contracts he always had a caesar-feeling swelling within him . 
 he had denied it for victoria , but she had just shaken her head and he knew she was right somewhere . 
 but now his soul was incorruptible , impervious , as skinny and stiff as giacometti man out in the foyer . 
 he saw but did not record what was happening on the street . 
 he could see but was blind . 
 a dozen people stood in front of cnn 's big screen down on times square . 
 adjacent stock prices ran around on an elongated coiled digital display on a house like old ivy . 
 iacobi ´ s communications department had been quick to wiring the news of the acquisition . 
 the midday broadcast rolled on . 
 after the vignette cnn anchor anderson cooper came in the picture . 
 to his right a caption popped up : top business news : iacobi investment group acquires cloud services giant the teleprompter rolled and anderson cooper talked about the day 's news : iacobi investment group buys 2bird cld and further increases its dominant position on the global market for digital services . 
 iacobi investment group , an old investment company with its core investments in industrial tooling and equipment has differentiated its portfolio by moving in to telecommunications in the last ten years , becoming a mayor player within that field . 
 iacobi investment group trades on the new york stock exchange and founder mr august iacobi currently owns 73 % of the shares . 
 in the weeks leading up to the acquisition of 2bird the iacobi investment group stock price has surged and is now the fifth most valued company in the world behind walmart , apple , shell and exxon . 
 august had worked hard with the deal , argued against the department of justice who initially did not want to approve the deal when they found that iacobi investment group as owner would achieve an overly dominant position in the market . 
 but now that everything was settled , he felt nothing . 
 a few days later august sat in the backseat of his black mercedes s-class . 
 he called his cfo and announced that he was taking over the operational responsibility for iacobi investment group until further notice . 
 with empty eyes , he stared out over the ringstrasse in vienna when his chauffeur drove past a tram . 
 snowflakes fell on the barren trees in the avenue , dissolved and flowed like water over the branches . 
 august pushed his wedding ring back and forth over his finger . 
 the corners of his mouth sloped sharply . 
 the empty eyes filled up with tears . 
 he tried to hold back but couldn ´ t . 
 they had promised each other that they would face death together even though they realized the impossibility of this promise . 
 everyone goes into death alone . 
 as uncomfortable as it was , nothing in the world could change that . 
 40 years of marriage . 
 the memories came over him , dinners with friends , loving glances across the table . 
 how he watched her in the garden , how she behaved in the company of others . 
 how she made him think of other thoughts in his stubborn thickhead . 
 he remembered the tears in the car on the way home from the hospital when it was established that they would get a childless marriage . 
 the silence in the home after . 
 the emptiness in the months that followed . 
 the friendship that led them to start talking to each other again . 
 the love that made them crave each other . 
 the spellbinding life that followed . 
 august had always said that he was the most selfish of them and he was probably right too . 
 he said that if they would get the idea to break the promise to meet death together , he would definitely be the one who died first . 
 when he said it , she would always smile at him and whisper that she would not go for it . 
 august said he would never be able to endure the sorrow of dying before her . 
 living with the loss and wake up every morning with the emptiness and the silence . 
 august tried but he could not get out of the car . 
 the driver rushed out into the snowstorm and into the police station at schottenring in vienna . 
 when he returned , he announced that they would go out to a small village outside vienna , and a medical facility that was close to the village . 
 when the driver pulled up to the village gablitz a few miles outside vienna august realized that he would never wanted to see her dead . 
 when the car stopped outside medical facility august cleared his throat . 
 he leaned forward and told the driver that he had his permission to confirm the identity . 
 the driver hesitated , but then opened the door . 
 he met some policemen outside . 
 they went inside . 
 ten minutes later the driver came out noticeably moved by what he had been through . 
 he sat in the car without turning the key . 
 august squeezed out some words . '' 
 was it victoria ? '' 
 the driver turned and nodded . 
 august swallowed . '' 
 what did they say ? '' '' 
 do you really ... ? '' '' 
 tell me . '' '' 
 they said they had found her in a ditch not far from here . '' 
 the driver was lost for words . 
 he did not know if he would reveal all the details . 
 after a few seconds he added . '' 
 shot in the head . '' 
 it was like an arrow to the heart . 
 august closed his eyes and gasped for breath . 
 he whispered unconsciously . '' 
 oh , my god . '' 
 the driver announced that the police would telephone him the next day . 
 with a cracked voice august said . '' 
 drive back to riegersburg . '' 
 the police phoned the next day and announced that they had initiated the investigation and dedicated some of their best investigators . 
 they asked some routine questions about august , if he thought victoria had any enemies , what she had been doing lately , if he noticed something that deviated , changed behavior or started hanging out in new circles . 
 beside the fact that victoria spent much of the last month in vienna because one of their close friends , originally victoria 's friend , was seriously ill , august had nothing to notify the police . 
 they promised to keep him informed . 
 they were hopeful that they would get the murderer . 
 august had thought several times about what he would do the days after victoria 's death . 
 he had effortlessly foreseen that he would not give a damn about what happened to his business . 
 even when she was alive , as soon as they were together the business were not more than a game he played when he was not with her . 
 a game he certainly was a world player in but nonetheless a game . 
 a game that paled in significance when he compared it to her . 
 as he lay next to her in bed , heard her breathing , kissed her over her shoulder , his thoughts occasionally wandered . 
 he could not imagine the emptiness but not the totally immersive nothingness . 
 he had never felt so poor . 
 the weeks after her death he was just sitting in the lounge in one wing of his castle and stared straight ahead . 
 he moved only when the housemaid served food on a table nearby . 
 he did not get it . 
 victoria , gone forever . 
 he could not think of anyone who wanted to kill her , she was a light in the dark night that lay upon the goddamn earth . 
 the only thing he could think of was that she was possibly too good but that were no reason someone got killed . 
 he repeated to himself quietly , she was shot in the head . 
 she was shot in the head . 
 august spoke with the police a few weeks after gablitz . 
 the man on the other end was not as hopeful . 
 the witness who they had in gablitz proved to be full of shit . 
 for now they had nothing to go on . 
 after a month , the situation was the same and the police as well as august began to despair . 
 the police delivered the leaden6 fact that if they did not have any to go on in ten to twenty days after a serious crime , it was unlikely that it ever got solved . 
 for august 's sake , i wish i could say otherwise but there was really no light in the darkness , and it would remain that way a while longer . 
 then a flash of light would come , but in a different manner than august intended . 
 august began pace back and forth in his castle . 
 he wondered what she could have done in vienna . 
 he asked his housemaid laura . 
 he called karl feigl , the sick friend in vienna , but got no good answer . 
 he tried with some other friends that he knew she visited . 
 all were equally surprised and horrified as him . 
 unconsciously august began following a ritual to fight off the panic wave of knocking him over completely . 
 he felt the wave the first time when he was told about victoria and he knew how it was built up every day , every day he needed to get out of bed . 
 he sat in his salon most of the day . 
 laura served all his meals there , where he sat and stared at the tv . 
 each time the wave struck he stood up , trying to chase it away . 
 it used to occasionally stop when he took a few steps . 
 he remembered the first time he knew of it . 
 it was not as strong as it was now but it was the same species of ammonites . 
 that was when the family celebrated christmas in southern germany , in an old mansion that had been in the family for several hundred years . 
 he was very young , he could not remember how old he was , maybe seven years . 
 his grandfather , with his wolf grin , had come at him with his dark double-breasted suit . 
 august always got the creeps when he saw him , and when he was heading for him to play . 
 his grandfather had called on him , '' little august come , and i 'll show you something . '' 
 august 's mother and father watched . 
 grandpa stood august up and grabbed his ankles and turned him upside down . 
 august flopped back and forth and wanted down , grandpa said that he needed to be still otherwise it would be difficult . 
 august stopped wriggling and hoped that it would soon be over . 
 when he was completely still grandfather tucked him in a bag and sealed it . 
 then he started shaking the bag . 
 grandfather laughed and thought in his sick way that august would think it was funny . 
 but he was great howled and kicked and struck against his grandfather from inside the bag . 
 august 's father jumped up from his chair and ran and snatched the bag from his grandfather 's hands . 
 august kicked and struck in his father 's arms . 
 august beat away the memory . 
 one day august was down in the castle library , which consisted of a vast number of rooms . 
 he went to victoria 's office and sat down in the chair behind her desk . 
 while he balanced a penknife in his hand he thought again about what she could have done in vienna . 
 as he sat and stared in over an hour , he found a key in the writing stand that he had not seen before . 
 he picked it up and studied it . 
 it did not fit in any of the drawers . 
 the key seemed to go to a door . 
 he left the room with the key , went up and asked the housemaid but she had no idea . 
 he went into the library again . 
 he walked around the library for a while . 
 he knew he was in search of a four-leaf clover , which probably would not reveal anything to him . 
 at the end of a long corridor he discovered something that he had not seen before in the library . 
 a closed door . 
 he was eagerly looking forward to it and pushed the key . 
 it fitted . 
 he turned and opened the door . 
 august hardly recognized the room . 
 the last time he was there , it was fairly anonymous , a few bookcases and an older , patinated chair . 
 now there was a table in the middle of the room . 
 the table was full of books that lay helter-skelter . 
 some were opened as if someone recently read them . 
 * vienna , bartensteingasse march 29 there was a thunderstorm over vienna . 
 heavy , dark rain clouds lowered the darkness on the city . 
 the four men had been waiting in the car for two hours . 
 the car traffic had thinned out a little after midnight . 
 since a long time it was empty of people . 
 if i could choose , these men are not to be involved in this story , but unfortunately , and i really should surely be grateful , without them i have no idea how it would have ended , probably not well or whatever you 'll call the end of this ordeal for ludwig . 
 it 's just me maybe but i 'm j7 the men sat in a car parked outside a company that sold copiers and other office products , opposite the entrance to vienna 's city hall offices . 
 the man in the driver 's seat , matteo , turned toward the back seat against juan and luca and said . '' 
 go ahead . '' 
 juan and luca got out of the car and ran to a corner of the city hall offices . 
 matteo and marco , who was sitting in the passenger seat , went out shortly after . 
 matteo opened the trunk and gave a black bag to marco who bore it to bartensteingasse 9 , the entrance of the city hall offices . 
 matteo remained , looked at juan and luca . 
 luca turned to matteo and showed thumbs up behind his back . 
 he continued holding the thumb up behind his back . 
 juan did the same . 
 matteo signaled to marco to open the bag . 
 matteo went to the city hall offices entrance . 
 it was a four-meter high double gate in wood . 
 marco took out a small c-4 explosive charge and put the bracket on the gate 's locks . 
 over the explosive charge he tied two mats of rubber . 
 matteo looked towards luca and juan . 
 they still had their hands behind their backs in the same gesture as before . 
 matteo took a bolt cutter from the bag and walked over to luca and the west side of the building . 
 he walked over to a metal cabinet at waist level . 
 he opened the cabinet with a square key , tore off the plastic cover that sat over a dozen thick cables . 
 he picked up a wiring diagram out of pocket . 
 lay against the side of the cables , compared with another wiring diagram that sat at the side of the cables . 
 he put down the chart , took out the bolt cutter , pulled out the eighth and ninth cable and cut them . 
 he put back the plastic cover and locked the metal cabinet . 
 matteo nodded to marco . 
 marco stood at the side of the entrance . 
 a subdued boom shot out of the gate . 
 the rubber mats flickered . 
 the gate beat back and forth in the air gap between the door posts . 
 juan and luca came running . 
 they forced the door and pulled it shut . 
 they stayed inside the gate . 
 waited . 
 listened . 
 it was as quiet as in a tomb . 
 matteo saw the lights in the ceiling . 
 they were off . 
 he walked up to a switch . 
 the men looked at him . 
 he pressed the button . 
 nothing happened . 
 they waited a few seconds to get used to the darkness . 
 they left the trunk at the entrance . 
 they went in diamond formation , one in each direction , towards the cellar first floor . 
 they looked up the storage room no 18 . 
 the door was locked . 
 marco worshiped8 the door lock with a wire and a small tuning fork . 
 they opened the door to a room that was as big as a football plan . 
 in ten lines were one meter high fireproof steel cabinets . 
 the men ran into one row each in search cabinet 7799 a st. , dossier no 82 , no. 1891:33 . 
 after a few minutes matteo knocked easily on a cabinet and held up his hand . 
 the men stayed . 
 matteo went to the door . 
 he leaned forward , put his head against the wall . 
 he felt vibrations . 
 he called his men . 
 instructed them to keep looking while he examined the floor above . 
 the men went again into the aisles . 
 matteo took off his shoes , put them outside the storage room no 18 . 
 he crept up the stairs to the entrance . 
 further along the corridor , 20 meters from the bag were two guards , each with a flashlight . 
 matteo came up from the stairs in the dark , stroking along the wall facing the entrance . 
 he stood with his back against a pillar . 
 one guard went down to check the door while the other went to matteo 's direction . 
 as he approached matteo crouched . 
 important to note about matteo , marco , juan and luca is that they did not care what was in the way in order for them to reach their goal , just as many other people through the years . 
 they had good intentions , but they were willing to go far , too far to reach their goal . 
 it would soon prove all too well in this story . 
 when the guard was a meter away from matteo he stepped forward and struck him in the midriff . 
 the guard dropped the flashlight smashed to the floor . 
 he groped forward , matteo swung around him , clenching his fist and used his arm as a hammer and hit the guard over the neck . 
 he collapsed like a pocket knife . 
 the second guard came up the stairs from the entrance , he called for his colleague . 
 matteo threw away the guard 's broken flashlight along the corridor . 
 the guard followed . 
 matteo came after him in the back , kicked his legs . 
 he fell on his knees , matteo took his arm around his throat , larynx in the crook of his arm and pulled . 
 the guard went numb . 
 marco , juan and luca came to the entrance . 
 marco said . '' 
 we found the dossier . '' 
 matteo nodded . 
 they heaved down the tools in the bag . 
 pulled the zipper . 
 below the lights , against the wall from the street outside , they saw reflecting light . 
 matteo went up the stairs from the entrance to see . 
 the others came after . 
 luca exclaimed . '' 
 but how could the alarm have gone , the power is down . '' 
 outside , there were five police cars . 
 they blocked the roads north and south . 
 their car was blocked . 
 matteo replied calmly . '' 
 some of the guards must have raised the alarm . '' 
 further along the corridor they heard steps . 
 matteo put his arm against the men . 
 laid a finger on his mouth . 
 he glanced into the hallway . 
 three guards came towards the entrance . 
 as they walked down the stairs at the entrance they flew at them . 
 marco , juan and matteo took stranglehold on either guard . 
 when the guards collapsed they extinguished their flashlights and threw them in a pile . 
 they collected the five guards above the entrance . 
 luca ran up against the glass . 
 he whispered with desperation in his voice . '' 
 it looks like they are moving in . '' 
 matteo stopped . 
 he looked at the guards and out towards the police cars . 
 he walked up to one of the guards . 
 tore off his radio and identification . 
 he turned up the volume on the radio , looked at the label attached to the speaker . 
 frequency channel 22 - 79.9125 mhz he set the frequency . 
 while he was waiting for an answer , he took the identification-badges from the other guards . 
 a voice was heard in the noise . '' 
 central . '' 
 matteo said . '' 
 my name is simon winkler , employee number 9921132 , station city hall offices bartensteingasse 9 , area west . 
 me and my colleagues , staff numbers 8899554 , 7896782 , 1288779 , 9921554 alerted earlier about a burglary at our station . 
 the perpetrators have now incapacitated us , i repeat offenders have now incapacitated us . 
 please inform summoned police to not enter the building where the perpetrators hold us hostage . '' 
 matteo went to the window and looked at the policemen . 
 a group of five police officers with full equipment came from a special forces bus and went crouching in front of the police cars . 
 they walked towards the entrance . 
 when they were a few feet away a man gestured at the back of the police cars . 
 he shouted something . 
 the team stopped and turned back . 
 matteo took up a construction map from the bag and spread it on a bench . 
 he drew a finger along the walls of the basement plan . 
 after a while he stopped and pointed to an area on the north corner of the house . '' 
 there is a void between storage room no. 16 and 17 . 
 marco , take the bag to the storage room no. 16 , at the far end on the right side . 
 juan , pick up the cable ties and get the uniforms off the guards . 
 luca , help . '' 
 matteo and marco went into the storage room no. 16 . 
 at the far end they sat the bag on the floor . 
 they picked up a sledgehammer and a bolt cutter . 
 they beat against the wall until it gave way . 
 luca and juan dragged down the guards . 
 they placed them in the space . 
 when all five were inside they shoveled the debris into the space . 
 they took off their clothes and threw them into the guards along with the papers and uniform of the guard with the employee number 1288779 . 
 they put three steel cabinets in front of the space . 
 they went out and locked storage room 16th at the entrance they took on the guard ´ s ' uniforms . 
 luca put three explosive devices around the stomach inside the uniform . 
 marco taped dossier no 82 , 1891:33 on his chest . 
 matteo put cable ties on all but himself . 
 he picked up the radio , called the central . '' 
 central , simon winkler , employee number 9921132 . 
 the perpetrators are fleeing across the rooftops , i repeat the offenders are fleeing across the roofs . 
 they 've brought lukas leitner , employee number 1288779 , as hostage . '' 
 matteo went into an office . 
 he smashed the radio and threw it down in a box . 
 he came back , mounted cable tie around his joints and asked juan to tighten them . 
 three minutes later , the response team stormed the gate . 
 they screamed . '' 
 the guards are at the entrance . 
 the guards are at the entrance . '' 
 the team ran past them and up the stairs . 
 some uniformed policemen came and took the men . 
 it swarmed with police officers on the street . 
 a helicopter circled above the building and shone a spotlight over the roofs . 
 the heavy rain clouds lifted and it started pouring . 
 the men were placed in a special forces bus and were debriefed . 
 after leaving their home phone numbers and addresses all four got to leave the crime scene when the majority of the police officers took up the hunt for the perpetrators . 
 the men walked calmly away from the scene through rathauspark towards the university where they had a second car parked . 
 when they drove out on the ringstrasse matteo said . '' 
 marco , give me the dossier . '' 
 marco took off his shirt and pulled out the file from the chest . 
 matteo continued . '' 
 luca , it 's time to take off the explosives . 
 we do not need them anymore . '' '' 
 didn ´ t you see , i threw them in the park . '' 
 matteo stared at luca . '' 
 are you crazy , luca , a child can - '' he stopped and swallowed , then said . '' 
 juan , turn around , drive back to rathauspark . '' 
 luca ran into the bushes in the park . 
 jumped back in the car again with the explosives . 
 the helicopter appeared between the tree branches on the ringstrasse . 
 they swung off at schottenring and drove out from vienna . 
 5 florence year 1599 just like fabrizio and mario michele came into this story after the sunset . 
 in michele 's case , it was night over florence , where the moon shone over the boboli gardens . 
 it was not nearly as dark as it was in prague , it was almost light enough to see when arno ´ s dark water rippled under the ponte vecchio and the other old bridges . 
 the city slept and the alleys were dark and deserted . 
 on a small piazza outside the tavern carmen near the santa croze church four lamps burned in the silver moonlight . 
 the lamp cast a yellow glow over a small crowd of people standing in a circle around two men . 
 one of the men was michelangelo merisi , a swarthy man in his twenties . 
 born in the village of caravaggio outside milan . 
 me and his friends called him michele and others call him caravaggio but that name he hadn ´ t earned yet . 
 his future was uncertain for the moment , at least for himself . 
 soon he would take the first steps that would make him the man he would be remembered for , and above all , he would take place in this story . 
 michele 's heart pounded when he saw all that lay before him . 
 he raised his hand . 
 the men waited for his bid . 
 michele looked around , a gallery of expectant faces met his gaze . 
 he dug into his bag for a note . 
 he felt it with his fingers , and hesitated for a second . 
 on the ground lay a lot of notes , a pile of coins and two dice lay between him and the man who squatted opposite , the notorious big player and bandit marco sciarra . 
 a man michele , and many with him was very afraid of , and rightly so . 
 if michele won his family 's fortune would double in a jiffy . 
 he was convinced . 
 this was his night . 
 he brought up the note and said . '' 
 this is a promissory note anyone can exchange at the monte di pietà in piazza signoria tomorrow . 
 i will double my bid . '' 
 he threw the promissory note on the pile . 
 a wave of excitement swept through him . 
 the mighty marco sciarra took the dice . 
 he let them jump in his hand . 
 they looked like two grains of sand on the scaffold in his hand . 
 he smiled at michele who stared back with wide open eyes . 
 michele looked at the dice . 
 he could not lose . 
 the odds he had received were too good . 
 anything between 2-4 and 8-12 would make him a very rich man . 
 sciarra looked at his men who stood around him like a fortress . 
 he threw the dice . 
 it was over in a second . 
 the dice showed 2 and 3 . 
 half the audience burst into a deafening roar . 
 michele collapsed . 
 for a brief moment he thought of his penniless father and their time together before he went away to raise money to save him from poverty . 
 sciarras men collected the win and pushed it against sciarra who shoved it in a bag . 
 michele left them with heavy steps . 
 as soon as he came around the corner he ran everything he could to his inn . 
 he paid the inn , saddled his horse and rode towards the gate . 
 he bribed a city guard to let him out . 
 he looked over his shoulder while the city guard opened the gate . 
 he jumped on his horse and rode into the night . 
 he rode until dawn came and the cover of darkness fell . 
 he took flight in a grove that lay at the side of an old roman road . 
 he tied the horse to a tree and put his coat on the ground . 
 he lay down and tried to sleep . 
 when he closed his eyes he could not escape to see his father in the condition he left him . 
 he saw his father 's trembling hand scoop water out of a bowl . 
 his bloodless face , dry and caught in a tortured grimace like a fright mask of leather . 
 michele helped him to his straw bed , put a blanket over him . 
 through the slats of the shed , they could see across the plain their old house they had been forced to sell . 
 the father pressed forward with a smile and wished him well when michele went from caravaggio to try to get money to get him out of there . 
 fermo ´ s body shook when michele took his hand . 
 when michele opened the door with his back turned to the father , fermo clasped his gnarled hands in prayer . 
 michele heard him whisper . '' 
 lord , give me grace to linger here over these peaceful crowns in expectation of peace in your paradise . '' 
 michele fell asleep . 
 a few hours later he woke up to the horse reared . 
 he got up quickly , crouched down behind a tree and looked around . 
 nothing was moving . 
 a bird flew away a moment later . 
 he calmed the horse , bent down to pick up the brushes that had fallen out of his bag and landed on the wet ground . 
 the brushes were a few years old , the hair splayed slightly but they were still serviceable . 
 he had made them during his apprenticeship in the studio of peterzanos which his father had arranged . 
 michele took up the brushes and kept them in his hand as he looked toward the old roman road . 
 he thought again of his father . 
 after just a few months as an apprentice the father and mother came on a visit to the studio . 
 he showed them around . 
 he wanted to tell them about everything that was there , and everything that happened . 
 he told them about peterzano which was an amazing teacher who taught him to paint still life , tearing dragon 's blood , st. giovanni white , vines and produce brushes of squirrel hair . 
 peterzano greeted the parents and said . '' 
 you have a very talented son . 
 i would love to show you how far he has come in such a short time . '' 
 peterzano went and got a fruit basket . 
 he placed it on a table and then retrieved a cloth placed over a stent . 
 i could imagine that peterzano like other talented but mediocre painters would become jealous if they saw that they had a future master as apprentice but peterzano was just proud . 
 he stood next to the frame and the fruit basket and said proudly , like michele was his own son . '' 
 tell me , which do you think is real ? '' '' 
 but look , fermo ! '' 
 , exclaimed the mother . 
 the father said nothing , he just looked at michele . 
 his eyes were glowing . 
 a servant of the lord sforza whom fermo worked for came into the studio and called him out to the street . 
 the mother and michele followed . 
 they stood in the doorway and saw the carriage where sforza sat . 
 fermo took off his cap and stared down into the ground . 
 sforza waved his arms and shouted . 
 fermo just nodded . 
 the carriage drove away . 
 fermo stood motionless . 
 they saw how he took a deep breath . 
 before he saw them , they turned and walked into the studio . 
 fermo came shortly after . 
 fermo was teary-eyed . 
 he told michele . '' 
 michele , you will invest everything you got into this training . '' 
 he turned to lucia . '' 
 i must go to the estate . 
 i 've missed the accounts of the lease case out of caravaggio . 
 i have to fix it immediately . '' 
 they left michele . 
 a month later sforza announced to fermo that he no longer had a job . 
 shortly thereafter lucia fell ill and died . 
 they sold the house to pay michele education . 
 michele put back the brushes in the bag and laced it together . 
 he pulled off a few branches in different sizes from the trees around and put in the saddle . 
 he rode south , towards rome . 
 he rode over desolate plains surrounded by mountains , on the slopes were smaller towns . 
 deserted roads led through valleys and over stone bridges in the passes . 
 at each pass , he let the horse rest and drink the water if there was a creek while he got up on a hill to look out over the landscape to the north . 
 he wondered how long it would be before they came after him . 
 when he got to the pass that was before rome , he discovered some horsemen who rode with great speed across the plain . 
 as they got closer , he saw that it was marco sciarra and his men . 
 michele ran down to the horse . 
 from the horse saddle , he pulled off the branches and laced together . 
 he tied the branches on the saddle and hung his coat over them . 
 when sciarra rode into the pass michele kicked the horse . 
 the horse panicked and ran north a few hundred yards behind sciarra . 
 they turned around and went after the horse . 
 michele remained on the hill and looked out over the field north towards florence . 
 michele was lucky , they swallowed the bait . 
 when the horse veered off the men rode after . 
 he had no desire to fall into the hands of sciarra , no one probably had that desire . 
 he was an awfully big man , two heads longer than michele and probably three times stronger . 
 arms thick as beams . 
 as dark and evil and as the night . 
 he was the peninsula 's worst highwayman . 
 michele had heard horror stories about him and his band . 
 they robbed and burned down villages and humiliated the men by raping their wives . 
 in the papal states and venice , he had a banda capitale over him . 
 a death sentence that anyone had authority to perform , at any time . 
 michele waited . 
 far away he saw the men approach the horse . 
 michele made it down the mountain . 
 with the bag tight against his back , he ran towards the gates of rome . 
 6 rome year 1599 * * * constantino the general inquisitor bellarmine has captured the nolan in venice and believes he will find the theatre through him . 
 if bellarmine comes over thoth ´ s secret master plethos work is lost . 
 master pletho had foreseen this and detailed instructions are provided in the scriptures about the changing of the pilgrimage route to the theatre . 
 we must pray that the church and bellarmine does not beat us to it . 
 your master , rome in the holy year mdic 7 the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg april 2 august had understood at once that it was victoria who had worked in the room . 
 the reason why she had locked the room he knew not . 
 he could not help thinking that the room had something to do with her death . 
 he wondered what it was that was so secret , so secret that even he was kept in the dark . 
 desperate to find out what had happened to her , he started with a lump in the stomach to go through the books on the table . 
 simply sat down and looked at the books was exhausting and august almost immediately began to cry . 
 he could not escape the fact that it felt as if the books were the corpse of victoria . 
 he thought that after she touched the books the last time she went to bed at his side at night . 
 now she was shot in the head . 
 a bullet had penetrated what she read , shattered the nerves and erased the memory of the books on the table . 
 he couldn ´ t stomach it . 
 august tried several days in a row , no one can blame him for not having tried . 
 but he felt the same horror , the same nails on the slate every time . 
 in the middle of april he took the bull by its horns . 
 he strong-armed himself that he would at least open some of the books . 
 to his great surprise , he succeeded to skim through the titles on the table . 
 he was mildly surprised by the books . 
 what victoria had read was almost entirely mysterious titles . 
 there were books on magic . 
 books about the old country egypt . 
 the works of philosophers from the classical period : plato , theophrastus , aristotle . 
 books on numerology , renaissance philosopher ficino and giordano bruno , the mysterious nolan , magic . 
 he understood that if he were at his normal liquids he could figure out what she was doing just by looking at the book titles . 
 but now everything was just a big blur . 
 a week ago the police had put the investigation on hold for lack of leads . 
 august had a good mind to ask them to come over to the castle . 
 but he hesitated at the thought of having some blunt men browse through victoria 's books and it was not as strange as it may sound , he was so incredibly careful not to disturb anything . 
 he could see them mess on the sides , tear in the books , note the edges , see their crude brains process her material . 
 it just did not work for august . 
 finally august took to his senses , as he saw it , and now in retrospect i can say that yes , august , he really took to his senses on this day even if it was in a special way . 
 he walked carefully down the stairs to his office which was on the lower floor of the castle , he thought about it carefully . 
 he started the computer on the desk navigated to swedish daily newspaper dagens nyheter ´ s website . 
 he wanted to be discreet , because of the nature of the matter , and hire someone in austria was not to think of considering how known he was in certain circles . 
 hopefully , he was not as well known in sweden , the country he had been in exile from almost all his life but where he still had his roots . 
 august took out the contact information of the newspaper ad salesman . 
 he wrote an email . 
 doubtful he pressed send . 
 his sent his desire to establish an ad in the next day 's paper . 
 it would be difficult for him , almost impossible , to tell someone . 
 about the books . 
 about her . 
 but he felt it was right . 
 * the hall institution , södertälje , sweden april 10 the warder in the carpentry frisked ludwig after the day 's work . 
 he went and ate lunch alone . 
 afterward he walked a few circles in the yard and then returned to the rec room . 
 a stack of newspapers were lying on a table . 
 ludwig picked one and sat alone at a table . 
 at the next table , they played cards . 
 some others sat and watched svt , a replay of some quiz show . 
 they tried to kill the boredom that was the real skinning machine at the nape of the zombie life at hall . 
 ludwig perused the leaders , foreign news and the finance section . 
 he ended up on the letters to the editor and advertisements . 
 a racist complained about immigrant crime . 
 another of smug conservative rural areas . 
 he flipped on , checked the private ads of old furniture and cars . 
 the time was six and juro and his entourage sat at ludwig ´ s table . 
 juro greeted quickly and threw up the deck . '' 
 smiley , today you will begin to deal . '' 
 ludwig put the paper aside . 
 he mixed the deck and dealed . 
 they played a few rounds . 
 ludwig 's pile of matches grew . 
 when juro dealed ludwig began reading ads again . 
 he bet without thinking when rado ran the flop , river and turn . 
 ludwig moved closer to the paper . 
 in the section of incunabula there was a small ad which made ludwig open his eyes wide . 
 help wanted by swedish man . 
 the job consists of sorting books with almost paleontological character in a private library in austria . 
 lucrative benefits . 
 habit of cataloging required and knowledge of the esoteric . 
 lamarton anoyr bulon madrinel traschon ebrasothea panthenon nabrulges camery itrasbier rubanty nadres calumsi ormenui new tules demy rabion hamorphyn . 
 the first email with the solution of the above cipher wins my attention . 
 a@iacobi.org when it was just juro and him left the called each other . 
 ludwig stared straight out . 
 he read the ad again . 
 juro turned up their cards . 
 he had a straight . 
 without thinking ludwig turned his cards and showed him a tree-of-a-kind . 
 juro hit ludwig on his arm . '' 
 what the hell , smiley ? '' 
 he laughed and reached for the pot . '' 
 now i 'm damn ready to take over the world . '' 
 juro lined up the matches in neat piles . 
 when they finished , ludwig asked if he could talk with juro in private . 
 ludwig had previously bought a few things from him who was hall 's own morgan freeman . 
 ludwig asked if he could fix a cell phone with a prepaid card . 
 according to juro he was in luck . 
 he would fix so he had it already in the evening . 
 when ludwig was strip-searched before closing at eight o'clock in the evening the warder submitted an old sony ericsson handset to him . 
 he announced that the next visit of the cells with the springer spaniel dogs would be done in three days . 
 the ward-ass closed the door to the cell . 
 ludwig wrote a response fast , linked up , signed with a rather similar alias , norfelt instead norén , and sent to a@iacobi.org . 
 he quickly pulled the battery . 
 the show was about to start . 
 ludwig put his head against the door . 
 he heard the warder ´ s footsteps down the hall . 
 a door closed . 
 the hallway outside was empty . 
 he took off his watch . 
 removed the cover of the tv and lifted out the circuit boards . 
 took up the clock , coaxed out two links . 
 he put together the watch bracelet again . 
 took what looked to be links and mounted the circuit boards where several other similar pieces of metal were . 
 he picked up a green marker . 
 stood between hopper 's nighthawks and crewdsons man in the rain and looked at his painting . 
 the warders who wondered what it was would probably say that the painting looked like a metallic rose with large clusters of fat rectangles of pencil , the center of each rectangle was colored in red . 
 it was hard to imagine what it was but it was also what ludwig 's intention was . 
 the clusters shone like foliage from the middle . 
 a large portion of the metallic rose , however , had recently been released in a green , thriving shimmer and abandoned its metallic and rose red character . 
 ludwig took the pen and filled in two parts of the leaves in the bottom corner . 
 he pulled the duvet cover and under the sheet on the bed . 
 he tore them into smaller pieces . 
 he opened up the mattress which he previously had divided into two parts and put the strips in long track in the mattress . 
 about half of the strips he put back on top of the mattress . 
 he took out the mp3 player the prison lent him and lay in bed . 
 he pressed play and started in vains version of wayfaring stranger . 
 it was a few weeks ago he had an anxiety attack . 
 he had faked some recently to carry out the operation he planned . 
 he listened to the music . 
 i 'm just a poor wayfaring stranger while traveling through this world below there 's no sickness , no toil nor danger in that bright country to which i 'll go the show kicked off . 
 the warders outside the corridor could hear ludwig 's screams cut through the walls . 
 they had heard it before and knew they would hear it again . 
 they opened up the electronic lock , and ran to his room . 
 previously , they were afraid that he might have committed suicide , but after being involved in several attacks they were now calmer . 
 what they did not understand was that ludwig wasn ´ t placed in the psych ward . 
 the next day , ludwig had calmed down . 
 the ward-asses had given him new sheets and everything was under control . 
 he received a dose of sleeping pills and a routine conversation with the psychologist . 
 ludwig insisted on working in the carpentry , despite what has happened . 
 and as usual , they let him . 
 after closing , he sat on the stool in front writing desk . 
 he read the letter sent to the journalist , who wanted to visit him and who came by the prison a few days earlier in january . 
 the journalist wrote that he was glad that he was finally going to set up an interview , that he put the money in the place that ludwig asked him . 
 8 the hall institution , södertälje , sweden may 31 it was finally time , now the shit was about to be kicked out . 
 unlike larry and sergio ludwig was not the least bit nervous , but i guess it 's hard to nervous when you don ´ t care . 
 a few hours after the lights went out ludwig lit a small flashlight he managed to keep despite several searches . 
 he took down the poster that sat between hopper and crewdson and spread it out on the bed . 
 the metallic rose was now completely green . 
 he removed the cover on the tv and lifted the boards and put them upside down . 
 he picked apart the metal bits which had stuck together his watch every time he left the carpentry shop . 
 he put everything up systematically on the floor with one eye on the rose . 
 he removed the brackets on the bed , screwed off the short legs of the stool . 
 he put everything neatly on the floor , all the pieces belonging to the cluster on the metallic rose . 
 he studied the rose a few minutes . 
 looked at the parts lying on the floor . 
 he started . 
 after a few hours , everything was dismantled in the cell , the bed frame was just a few planks at a lumber yard , the tv was disassembled , and the table and the stool lay in a pile . 
 his drawing was correct . 
 it was the most peculiar bolt cutter he had ever seen . 
 the metal was hopefully strong enough and the brackets from the bed and the legs of the stool gave him the power he needed . 
 he took the blanket from the duvet cover and the sheet from the mattress . 
 the seams of the mattress went up when he ripped out all the strips he had torn the last few months . 
 he tied them together into a twenty-meter long snake . 
 of the pieces that were left he made a small rope of five meters . 
 he looked out the window . 
 a spotlight shone on the yard . 
 ludwig was on the second floor of the c building . 
 a fence with barbed wire was twenty meters from the cell . 
 ten meters from the fence stood a seven meter high wall . 
 ludwig looked through the window of his door into the corridor . 
 there was only darkness . 
 he put his head against the door . 
 heard no steps . 
 the warders had retired . 
 the laid-back night round hung in front of a tv in the staff room . 
 he turned around . 
 looked at the grid window . 
 before he committed his crime he had been a lawful person except that he downloaded a few songs , a few movies , a few terabytes of tv shows from the internet . 
 in his youth he had shoplifted some jenka-gum at the local tobacco shop , which he at that time was quite proud of . 
 we used to joke that it was the little excitement the upper middle class kids could afford . 
 but never something like what he did last year . 
 never , never ever . 
 the opinion was not shared by all but there was still a silent consensus that where ludwig came from , they reasoned that kind of shit was reserved for morons from the poor immigrant suburbs . 
 it was white trash who went on caravan holiday and desperate refugee children who had no choice , who chose that career . 
 now he stood in the doorway for another great crime . 
 he looked across the yard and thought . 
 the zombie-life of the institution was a charade he did not have the energy to maintain . 
 he slid around like a stone face on the day but they who were locked up in his hall knew his nights . 
 the warders knew what was happening in his cell . 
 but ludwig refused to talk to the psychologist about it . 
 not a word more than the usual lies that he knew would get him out of the room and back to the carpentry . 
 the pain was his . 
 no one else in the world could feel it . 
 he did not share it with anyone . 
 he held it within him like a mother carrying her child . 
 but just as a child the pain grew . 
 the recent attacks were early labor . 
 if he did not escape from prison , he would implode . 
 without hesitation he proceeded . 
 he took it gently so that he would not bend the metal on the bolt cutter . 
 the grille on the window gave way after a few minutes . 
 it took another hour before he got rid of the entire grid . 
 he used the sharp portions of the metal pieces to cut a large square on the screen . 
 he pushed gently on the window and got it up in one corner . 
 he could slowly push the square from top to bottom so that it did not fall to the ground . 
 his head just got through the hole . 
 the summer night ´ s balmy heat wafted towards his face and hair . 
 crickets and fresh air . 
 no warders came his way while he cut out the rest of the window . 
 he hitched a knot on the writing desk with the short rope and threw it down on the ground . 
 he threw the bolt cutter down on the sheet . 
 climbed down . 
 he crouched down in the darkness . 
 no sirens . 
 he heard no steps coming towards him . 
 he ran crouching up against the fence . 
 cut a hole . 
 ran back to the c house wall where he was more protected . 
 wanted to be as little as possible at the wall and fence . 
 he tied the bolt cutter on one end of the sheet . 
 waited . 
 listened . 
 the only sound still was the crickets and the light breeze in the trees outside the wall . 
 he took no risks . 
 he waited for the right time . 
 when he was sure he ran through the hole in the fence . 
 he used the bolt cutter like an anchor at one end of the sheet . 
 threw over the wall . 
 he pulled gently to see if it got stuck in the wall 's edge . 
 it did not . 
 he threw the sheet again . 
 pulled even more cautious . 
 he pulled it harder . 
 the anchor was stuck in the bottom of the wall on the other side . 
 he climbed the wall with the help of the sheet . 
 threw a quick glance across the courtyard and prison . 
 still , he was undetected . 
 he drew the anchor on the side of the prison wall and climbed down into freedom instead of jumping at the risk of getting hurt . 
 when he reached five feet outside he heard a siren go off . 
 power spotlights lit up the yard . 
 after a few more meters a spotlight was directed on the field he ran over . 
 200 meters ahead was a large forest . 
 he thought of the breathing . 
 thought about the running stride . 
 he could not do more than run . 
 after half a minute , he reached the edge of the forest . 
 ludwig heard dogs being set loose from the gates of hall and the bark came closer . 
 he quickly climbed up a tree . 
 took off his clothes and hung on the branches . 
 climbed down . 
 despite the balmy summer night heat it was cold without clothes . 
 without blinking , he rolled down in a mud pool and anointed himself in the mud in an effort not to smell . 
 he ran further into the woods . 
 after a while he stopped and listened . 
 it seemed as if the dogs stayed by the clothes . 
 he ran forward towards his mother 's summer house . 
 under the steps there was a package of ten thousand kronor that the journalist put there . 
 he took it up with the key in the pot next to the stairs and unlocked . 
 in a dresser in his room was an old cell phone he left several summers ago . 
 he washed and pulled on some old clothes that he had at the house and crashed on the sofa . 
 although he tried not to think about it the remorse gnawed him , the fact that he had to mix his mother in even though she could easily argue good faith . 
 she knew , after all , nothing about the fact that he was going to use the summer house . 
 he had not hesitated for a second to take the help of a friend but it was not an option . 
 ever since he met his girlfriend ella a few years back , he had begun to drift away from his friends . 
 he had stopped to call on weekdays , they too . 
 when he met ella at a party and then moved in with her a few weeks later he stopped answering when they called . 
 he thought it was nice to get rid of them . 
 he was rather alone than with those who did not want to be with him . 
 they were selfish pigs that left him if it was more fun elsewhere . 
 he never understood why , maybe it was because he could be absent from time to time , he preferred other worlds . 
 he went into them when he wanted to escape reality . 
 but he was tired of being number two . 
 three . 
 four . 
 with ella , he wanted to experience the world as it was , with her . 
 ludwig left the summer house with the money and the cell phone after only fifteen minutes . 
 there was a lake a few hundred yards away , near was an abandoned cottage where an old car stood . 
 he went there and broke in by kicking up the rotten wood of the front door . 
 the sunrise was near . 
 it was three o'clock in the morning . 
 he waited for the police to arrive at the mother 's summer house . 
 he knew that the prison opened all the letters that were sent in and out of the institution . 
 however , the main purpose was to look for objects . 
 he did not think they had any system to record flight plans and other suspicious activities . 
 but he wanted to be on the safe side . 
 he waited half an hour . 
 the police did not show up . 
 ludwig walked out to the car that he and ella had run rally with several times a few years ago . 
 no one knew who owned the cottage or the car . 
 the keys were in the ignition and there was some soup9 left in the tank from when they drove last year . 
 the old car started as dutifully as a kalashnikov . 
 he drove south on the highway in the direction of malmö . 
 the only time he stopped was to refuel at a gas station outside skärblacka . 
 he bought a pasta salad and a coke to stay awake . 
 he ate in the car in the parking lot which was deserted . 
 the salad was dry but the coke made him perk up . 
 he reached malmö at 9 in the morning . 
 next to a few bikes at the central station he dumped the car and walked into a kiosk . 
 he bought a prepaid phone card , plugged it into the phone and threw the old one . 
 the notes that the journalist left at the summer house was newly printed and straight . 
 he fed the ticket machine with two hundred kronor , and bought a ticket for the train to copenhagen . 
 from copenhagen he took the bus to rödby , from rödby boat to puttgarten , from there bus via lübeck to berlin . 
 he took the complicated road to avoid flying where passport was mandatory . 
 moreover , it was significantly more risky -lrb- he also disliked flying , last trip was to the united states with ella with constant air pits and anxious cries in the cabin -rrb- . 
 when he got to the bus terminal in berlin , he ran into the bathroom . 
 the booths had short doors , which he liked . 
 he had to pee up ´ til the point of insanity because he refused to go on the bus toilet , which he thought was too small . 
 ever since he was little , he had had claustrophobia . 
 he had fought against it several times but always got to surrender . 
 when ella was with him , stood outside , he had no problem with tight spaces . 
 unless she was with he avoided them . 
 he did not believe anyone would help him if he was locked up . 
 when he was finished , he took out the little bag the journalist put money in . 
 among the bills he saw the carton with imovane tablets which he brought with him from the c-house . 
 he hated pills and he refused to eat them since a few years back but imovane was the exception . 
 the pills evoked the memory of the psychologists and the legal drug industry . 
 they had forced benzodiazepines on him which he put under the tongue and tossed in a trash can in the dining room . 
 but imovane was vital . 
 he had four pills left , which was equal to two nights . 
 he almost always took a double dose . 
 he blocked all thoughts of what would happen if they ran out . 
 the train to berlin stopped at pariser platz . 
 ludwig got off and bought a coffee at starbucks to stay awake even though he did not drink . 
 to kill time he exchanged money and went into a few shops , he bought deodorant , boxers , socks , t-shirts and two pairs of pants . 
 he put everything in a shoulder bag which he bought in a mall . 
 he washed away the stench from his armpits in a public toilet , which smelled of piss . 
 he stroked on deo , tore off the price tag on a t-shirt and pulled on . 
 he went to berlin hauptbahnhof . 
 while he waited for the train , he stopped at one of the terminal monitors to watch a newscast , just in case he had been put on an international wanted list , which was highly unlikely . 
 just as he thought the newscast mentioned nothing . 
 he got on the train to vienna . 
 as the train passed through leipzig ludwig had been on toilet for over half an hour . 
 it was crowded as on airplane toilet but he had no choice . 
 he sat on the toilet seat with his pants on and saw that damn monkey in front of him with ella . 
 the ape laughed and rubbed his hand over ella 's cheek as if ludwig was not there . 
 ludwig clenched his fist . 
 knuckles whitened . 
 he felt his nails press against his palm . 
 his whole body was shaking . 
 he heard someone knock on the door . 
 the train of thought broke . 
 he held his breath . 
 a female voice , soft and gentle , could be heard through the door . '' 
 entschuldigen sie mich , geehrten sir , leute warten . '' 
 ludwig waited a few seconds , then the same voice said . '' 
 excuse me , sir , people are waiting . '' 
 ludwig got a cold sweat . 
 he tried to collect himself . 
 after a while he replied . '' 
 okay , sorry , i 'll be right out . '' 
 he heard nothing back . 
 he flushed for the sake of it . 
 splashed water on his face . 
 wiped his eyes . 
 he pushed the door open with an apologetic smile , he smiled with his mouth but not with his eyes . 
 the train host and the cursed elderly couple who wanted to enter looked at him without saying anything . 
 he went back to his compartment . 
 he allowed himself to exhale . 
 sweden was a bigger sound and 100 miles away . 
 he let the feeling sink in , never to return to sweden . 
 because of what had happened the return was inconceivable , unthinkable for him to want . 
 as he relaxed he felt it buckled in the chest . 
 through the window a large plain spread out . 
 he pictured himself that he was in a desolate winter landscape by the artist friedrich . 
 like the man in the painting he had with his last strength , tossed aside the crutches and settled down to pray , even though he was far from religious . 
 ella had always mocked him because he loved the german and english landscape paintings , but they gave him peace . 
 a peace that he could not explain . 
 he was as lonely as the man in friedrich ´ s painting . 
 he knew it and felt it with his whole body . 
 but according to ludwig , there were no options , no anything . 
 ella was the only one he had . 
 he had always thought it was a miracle that he met her . 
 he was always awkward with girls . 
 when he met new girls he would always scratch his hair , become embarrassed and nervous , even though he had no reason . 
 now and then he would look at her when she danced , talked , baked bread in the kitchen and ask himself how it was that she loved him . 
 ludwig felt he had no control . 
 emotions welled within him and took over . 
 when he encountered problems in the past , before ella , he had used his logical tools : boolean algebra , propositional logic , systems criticism , syllogisms , occam 's razor . 
 he was always thinking logically , evaluating alternatives calmly . 
 the methods were many and had in common that they were guided by reason . 
 now the feelings ruled even if it was difficult for him to accept it . 
 he took out the phone and picked up the email response he had received from august . 
 hopefully he could work to get rid of the anxiety . 
 on paper august 's library was the perfect hiding place . 
 he had recognized the cipher immediately which august had posted in the ad . 
 it was the famous cipher from one of the first crypto books in history , steganographia , written by the abbot of sponheim , johannes trithemius who lived in the 1400s . 
 august 's response came after a few days and was short : a chauffeur will pick you up at the vienna westbahnhof june 20 1 pm . 
 you pay for your trip yourself . 
 august iacobi ludwig had probably read it five times already but it did not matter . 
 he took up the name of the rose by umberto eco , which he bought in english at the berlin hauptbahnhof . 
 he read about adso and william and saw christian slater and sean connery before him . 
 he dreamed away to the poor , medieval italy . 
 every friday when no one rang when he was younger , he had spent the time to read . 
 he had always had the ability to step into other worlds . 
 they were there as a safe home and invited him to attend , to observe . 
 it could be a secret meeting at the royal academy of sciences in stockholm in the 1700s , a country house , a girl lying on the blanket in front of him with his hair in his hand or a library in a monastery in the mountains somewhere in italy , surrounded by the world 's knowledge . 
 outside vienna westbahnhof he was picked up by a driver who sat quietly until they stopped in a village a few miles outside graz . '' 
 young man , '' shouted the driver from his cab in german influenced english . '' 
 up on top of the mountain is old ruotkerspurch . 
 you may go from here . 
 i do not have the permission of mr. iacobi to drive you up . '' 
 a large medieval castle rested on the tip of a mountain around one hundred meters up and supervised the village below . 
 half an hour later , ludwig arrived at a large iron gate on the hill next to the entrance . 
 the clear day became night , and a thin mist filled the valleys below the mountain . 
 the village below the mountain castle , which consisted of four wooden houses and some stables , disappeared into the mist . 
 ludwig turned to look around before he knocked . 
 a pair of iron gates closed off a small herb garden . 
 antique statues stood in a semicircle around on a yard in front of the castle . 
 ludwig grabbed one knocker and knocked . 
 -lsb- chapter 9 is missing -rsb- 10 rom year 1599 through the porta del popolo michele came with two messengers , fabrizio and mario , whom he had joined the last bit . 
 they were the last to be allowed into rome as a major prisoner transport was expected to arrive shortly . 
 funnily enough , fabrizio and mario was the first people michele met when he came to rome , and they would quickly become friends . 
 he was also the last to see them alive , after they fled rome with the coffin to prague just a year later . 
 it is staggering to think that ludwig , despite all the time that has passed , was one of the first to open the coffin after michele helped to hide it in the church of santa maria del popolo . 
 but believe me , a lot would happen before this . 
 before the gate closed michele turned towards the fields outside rome . 
 dusk fell . 
 far away against the pass , where michele hid , he thought that he could see a few silhouettes that moved across the fields , but he was unsure . 
 when the gate locked his shoulders dropped . 
 he breathed easier . 
 together with fabrizio and mario , he went across piazza del popolo . 
 he asked . '' 
 you know of any studios where there ´ s work ? '' 
 fabrizio asked michele if it was his first time in rome . 
 after he answered yes fabrizio laughed and showed his rotten teeth . '' 
 my friend , my friend . 
 rome overflow with artisans and the only ones who can afford to order are the cardinals around piazza navona . 
 but if you come to the point where you enter a studio contract , if you are going that far , make sure you let someone read it aloud to yourself a few times before you go to sleep , between two church services . 
 here '' , fabrizio took out his arms , '' no one helps you and if you help someone , you being cheated . 
 it is true , ain ´ t it so mario ? '' '' 
 such is the world , michele '' , mario said , nodding . 
 after a few steps the party stopped when they saw something strange . 
 a couple sbirri , which was this era ´ s policemen , guarding two beggar boys . 
 the boys washed away graffiti from a wall . 
 the graffiti was a welcome phrase with an old pun about the greedy and depraved rome : salvete ad r o m a radix omnium malorum avaritia obeliskos - me sequere thoth fraternitatis they read the graffiti a few times to really figure out what it meant . 
 michele who had both read the catechism and dante 's comedy , translated it for mario who never learned latin . 
 welcome to rome the root of evil is greed obelisk -- follow me thoth ´ s brotherhood they stood in silence , listening to the cleaning of the graffiti . 
 michele asked . '' 
 who is thoth ´ s brotherhood ? '' 
 they looked at michele . 
 then at each other and nodded . 
 fabrizio told him to come closer . 
 he said in a low voice . '' 
 you mean you never heard of thoth ´ s brotherhood ? '' 
 the men looked suspiciously at michele , to see if he was playing dumb because there were not many in rome who had not heard of thoth ´ s brotherhood , it was next to impossible . 
 fabrizio explained that the brotherhood was even known in the dog turk 's kingdom . 
 among harems and sultans they whispered and pondered what the great secret was that the brotherhood was believed to possess . 
 in the sultan ´ s kingdom there were rumors that sometimes the minaret singers were singing about thoth ´ s power . '' 
 michele , prisca sapientia '' , said fabrizio . '' 
 prisca , what ? '' '' 
 my god , what vacca ! 
 is all that true that we hear about lombards ? 
 do you eat grass with your toes and blow you with your hair ? 
 isn ´ t that right , mario ? '' '' 
 as a peacock '' , mario said and laughed his silly laugh . 
 fabrizio shook his head . 
 hit his partner over the neck . '' 
 the sacred truth , my friend , '' said fabrizio , while he brushed away the dust from his pants . '' 
 thoth ´ s brotherhood owns it . '' '' 
 what is this truth ? '' '' 
 it is said that if you control prisca sapientia you control one more important thing . '' 
 michele stared at fabrizio . '' 
 what ? '' '' 
 the magic that is so powerful that it can not be described . 
 it creates and unleashes a force that has never been seen before in the world . '' 
 one of the beggar boys poured a bucket of black water into the street . 
 it ran in small gutters over the piazza to the obelisk that stood in the middle of the square . '' 
 it is said that thoth ´ s brotherhood hides the secret in the temple the theatre of the five gates which has been missing for god knows how long . '' 
 michele lit up , glad to know what they were talking about . 
 michele had a faint memory of when he was a little boy when fermo had told him about an ancient , lost temple , called the theatre . 
 the temple was said to incubate10 an amazing secret . 
 deep in the underground the temple would be watching over a magical book written a long , long time ago . '' 
 the theatre . 
 my father has told me about it . 
 i 've heard that a secret society was guarding it but i didn ´ t know they were called thoth ´ s brotherhood . 
 but i thought it was just a story that father told me . 
 are they really here in rome ? '' '' 
 yes , and there 's no story i can promise you . 
 but no one knows where . 
 according to the rumors , they have taking refuge near the theatre which is said to be found here or somewhere on the peninsula . '' 
 fabrizio lowered his voice further . '' 
 but listen carefully , my friend . 
 if you have something dear , you should know something , and know this as clear as a mountain lake . 
 do not look for thoth ´ s brotherhood . 
 the pope and the inquisition are at war with them . 
 the graffiti and writings of the brotherhood are strictly prohibited . 
 it will mean the scaffold according to the strict trento rules if you own or touch them . '' '' 
 do you know someone who has searched for the theatre ? '' 
 both shook their heads . 
 but it was a lie , they had , like many others , sought the theatre in secret , but it was something they didn ´ t want to tell a stranger . '' 
 first , you 're crazy if you seek it . 
 secondly , you must have hold of a pamphlet and they are as i said strictly forbidden and hard to get by . 
 if you can you will have to do it in silence , like him , what 's his name , columbus when he secretly searched for the lost city of el dorado . '' '' 
 christian '' , marked mario with a wise grin . 
 michele looked curiously at the men . 
 friendly but still suspicious , he asked . '' 
 why should i trust what you say ? 
 for all i know , you can be just as dishonest as the rome you talk about . '' 
 fabrizio laughed . 
 he turned his palms upward to show their noble intentions . '' 
 we are the light in the darkness , my friend . '' '' 
 without light , no darkness '' , said mario and nodded wisely . 
 halfway across the piazza , they went past the obelisk . 
 while they passed the egyptian stone fabrizio said that it was rumored that the brotherhood 's writings described how to find the secret path to the theatre via the obelisks in rome . 
 just as it was said in the graffiti that the beggar boys scrubbed away . 
 they stopped and looked up at the mysterious egyptian characters . 
 the deserted , old city felt eerie for michele , it was nothing like he imagined . 
 unlike florence the stylish renaissance elegance had been brutally cut down . 
 his father had told him about the palaces , the stadiums , the magnificent churches . 
 but almost nothing was left of it . 
 fermo had been in rome as a young boy , before charles v 's troops raped the city and destroyed much of it . 
 ancient ruins stood next to newly built palaces that rose on the hills behind the dilapidated brick houses . 
 worn saints beat in the wind against the houses . 
 several brick buildings were empty after being vacated by the plague , outside there were traces of the plague fires . 
 a couple of dogs ran aimlessly around the piazza , carefree as only dogs can be , they went about their business on old marble busts that lay half buried in the earth . 
 fabrizio went to piss on a rundown half column sticking up a meter above the ground at the edge of a string of houses . 
 he leaned back . 
 looked up at a madonna that hung in the wind . 
 michele took the opportunity to ask a question to fabrizio 's companion mario . '' 
 how is it that fabrizio know so much about this ? '' 
 mario looked slyly at michele . '' 
 have the faith , michele '' , he patted michele in the back to add weight to his words . '' 
 fabrizio has studied and written by patrizi . 
 he is the professor who is in rome now . '' 
 michele shook her head . '' 
 but mario , why would a messenger have studied at the university ? '' '' 
 his mother died and his father is very ill . 
 he took over the small farm they had . 
 not a lot of money at the university . 
 we need our money , right ? '' 
 mario smiled a knowing smile at michele . 
 at via ripetta which ran along the tiber river the men was met with an impressive sight . 
 the avenue was deserted except along the walls where a large number of sbirris guarded . 
 they stood upright with twenty meters apart . 
 everyone had a burning torch in his hand . 
 a yellow glow floated in the street . 
 michele fabrizio and mario heard the porta del popolo open behind them . 
 11 the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg june 1 after a few minutes the door wearied and slipped up . 
 august opened with a kerosene lamp in one hand . 
 ludwig presented himself directly . 
 he felt how wrong the name norfelt was in the mouth but hoped it would not be noticed . '' 
 hello , my name is ludwig norfelt , i 'm here about the job in the library . '' 
 august shook ludwig hand quickly and opened the door wide open . 
 august 's swedish resonated with tones of german , he had long struggled with getting them out , but he rarely spoke the language nowadays . 
 he was well dressed with a cravat , tweed jacket and off-white water combed hair . 
 it was somewhat sparse on the front . 
 he wore a pretty intensive scowl . 
 he was taller than ludwig , maybe half a head . 
 ludwig thought he recognized some trait of august from the art historian kenneth clark , who was a dry but pleasant brit . 
 the door slammed behind ludwig . 
 he stood in the foyer in a dark castle . 
 a muffled echo of the door could be heard further away in a dark corridor . 
 along the corridor rows of upholstered armchairs stood and looked like as if no one had ever sat in them . 
 ludwig looked at his host . 
 august 's mouth was hanging and gave ludwig the impression that he was a very sorry man or that he was a pissed off person who had lived a long time being angry . 
 according to ludwig , he had sharp eyes and spoke not a word more than he had to . 
 ludwig viewed the castle as if it was almost deserted , empty of life and joy if it once existed there . 
 had it not been so neat and well-kept , he would have thought it was desolate . 
 there was some truth to what ludwig thought . 
 august had recently not even bothered to turn on some lights , more than what was necessary for him to find the bathroom and he kitchen . 
 when laura left for the day the castle fell asleep and was filled by a near ghostly life . 
 ludwig could not help but think of how many millions , how many billions , august was worth . 
 he had expected a rich lord given the unusual job but a castle of this measure , he had not expected . 
 the castle reeked of old money . '' 
 put your bags here in the foyer . 
 the dinner is served in the dining room , although it is a bit late . '' 
 august went in advance . 
 ludwig went on with a proper distance . 
 they sat at respective end of a ten meters long , shiny mahogany table and ate a lobster supper . 
 august looked at ludwig for a long time . 
 he tipped the salt shaker slowly back and forth over his food . 
 after a moment of contemplation , he returned the salt on the table . 
 it gave off a sound like someone stamped with a stiletto heel on a parquet floor . 
 the silence was over them . 
 ludwig swallowed carefully . 
 he searched in august 's face if he had seen something about ludwig 's escape on television . 
 he saw nothing . 
 he thought that it was probably too early . 
 hopefully they hadn ´ t put out an international warrant yet . 
 august looked at ludwig without budge and said . '' 
 norfelt . '' '' 
 yes ? '' '' 
 it is an old noble name . '' 
 ludwig looked at august without blinking . 
 he put down his cutlery . 
 put his hands in his lap . '' 
 i recognize it from the house of lords when i was there a few years ago . 
 it was a merchant from stockholm , a gentleman who was knighted late in life . '' 
 ludwig folded his hands and listened . '' 
 but he had no further luck that i understood it . 
 the family died out in the late 1600 's . '' 
 ludwig took a deep breath . 
 he looked straight at august . 
 there was a doubt in august 's voice . 
 he said . '' 
 but it seems to have miraculously resurfaced now 400 years later . '' 
 ludwig twisted a little . 
 he glared back in august and said . '' 
 no , that 's not true . 
 israel noraeus was from nora parish . 
 and yes , it is true that the family died out in the late 1600s , but a bastard survived , whom began working at falu copper mine days after the big slump in 1687 , his son gustav took the name norfelt when he worked as an assistant to polhem which manufactured machinery for the mining company . 
 his children were then left in stockholm . 
 but i would hardly call them noble . '' 
 august 's features stiffened , surprised by ludwig 's straight answer . 
 a small crease appeared in his forehead . '' 
 yes , that ´ s exaggerating a bit . '' 
 ludwig was eager to change the subject and asked . '' 
 the ad was somewhat vague , what is it that you want help with ? '' '' 
 we will discuss it tomorrow . '' '' 
 we have not discussed a salary . 
 otherwise , i tend to be pretty careful with things like contracts and so but i guess i was so keen to go to - '' august interrupted ludwig in a way that seemed natural to him . '' 
 this is a simple arrangement . 
 you work for me pro bono the first few days then we 'll see . 
 i do not buy a pig in a poke . 
 as you can see , i must know if you are of the right timber11 , so to speak . '' 
 ludwig heard that august was of the habit of having the upper hand in negotiations . 
 his poise broke ludwig like a dry twig on his knees . 
 august was still hesitant to let someone so close to victoria . 
 into landscapes he himself had yet to visit . 
 he came immediately into his accustomed role as employer . 
 as the owner of industries and employer of thousands of people , he was accustomed to dictate the terms . 
 never before had anyone been his boss . 
 ludwig did not know what to say . 
 normally , he would have been pissed but he was more dependent on work than lifting wages . 
 more dependent on hiding than anything else . 
 a fact that august knew to utilize it seemed . 
 the irritation grew within ludwig but he soon calmed down . 
 he tried to let it all go by continuing to talk . '' 
 where there many people who responded to the ad ? '' '' 
 there were many answers yes and that was what i had expected . '' 
 ludwig waited for august to continue . 
 he did not . '' 
 what did you expect ? '' 
 august struck out his hand nonchalantly . 
 ludwig did not understand the gesture . '' 
 why did you choose me then , if it 's okay that i ask ? '' 
 august laughed . 
 but ludwig saw no heart in the laughter , only scorn . 
 as if he sat with his friends and pushed down their waitress to the floor with a muddy shoe . '' 
 it was simple . 
 you were the only one that was able to decode the cipher . '' 
 ludwig was surprised . '' 
 the steganographia-cipher ? '' 
 august nodded . '' 
 huh ? 
 aside from the caesar-crypto and vigenère 's le chiffre indéchiffrable it must surely be one of the most famous ciphers known . 
 how many applications were there , really ? '' '' 
 very many . 
 but as i said , i 'm not surprised . 
 you are an anomaly , ludwig , or it appears that way , at least in this case . 
 a deviation of a lost generation . '' 
 they sat in silence the rest of the dinner . 
 when they finished eating ludwig followed august out to the foyer . 
 they went up the broad staircase with thick mahogany banisters leading to the upper wings . '' 
 you have your room in the east wing . 
 i have mine in the west . 
 follow me . '' 
 august pointed with his hand to a long corridor with closed doors . 
 the hall echoed with an emptiness that ludwig only seen in works by edward hopper and ola billgren . 
 it felt as if he and august were the only ones left in the world . 
 alone in an endless corridor . 
 alone in a café with a coffee cup in their hands . 
 they were waiting for something they did not know what . 
 they walked slowly across the creaking floor . 
 ludwig felt feverish . 
 it crept in the body . 
 ludwig got the feeling that august knew he had done something bad , like raskolnikov . 
 it rested something eerie in the mood . 
 the castle seemed to whisper about something lost . 
 ludwig had no idea what . 
 with all the shit flying around in his head - the monkeys , ella , hall , the escape - it was not the time to ask . 
 he was just glad he had arrived , his hiding place so far was undetected . 
 his room was simply furnished with a bed , a patinated secretary12 and an older , upholstered armchair . 
 ludwig looked out in the hallway . 
 he thought of the c building . 
 the ward-asses were far away . 
 august lit a lamp over the bed . 
 then he went to the doorway . 
 he was just about to open his mouth when ludwig said . '' 
 i know it 's late but i 'm not tired . 
 i can start working now if you want . '' 
 even though he didn ´ t think about it , it was easy to hear that there was a creeping fear in ludwig ´ s words . 
 a fear to face the unwanted . 
 it was that weak jitter in the sentences . 
 i know he struggled long to end that jitter , while growing up and even as an adult , he never wanted anyone to hear that he was scared but it was hard for him . 
 the castle was hiding something . 
 ludwig knew it . 
 i knew it and i could not do anything . 
 it was there in the silence , in the emptiness . 
 in the dark . 
 but the one thing ludwig was scared of the most was m13 august was just as short as before . '' 
 tomorrow the work begins . 
 further down the hallway is a toilet that you can use . 
 good night . '' 
 august closed the door in front of ludwig . 
 he went to the window and pulled the curtain . 
 the dark horizon probably hid an endless view . 
 the roads were quiet and deserted . 
 the lights in the village below were extinguished . 
 there were no police cars in sight and no other cars either . 
 the bag he bought in berlin lay on the bed . 
 the wallet was in an outside pocket . 
 the zipper snapped when he pulled it out . 
 he checked the pills again . 
 he lay down in bed and hummed a song by jeff buckley . 
 after the first verse he turned off the lamp . 
 in his head the images were still there . 
 ella . 
 he hesitated but finally he closed his eyes . 
 in slumber he saw her from behind , or she , he did not know who it was . 
 they were in a town , up on a hill , on a cobbled street with old two-story house around . 
 her hair was above the shoulders , it was longer than he thought it would be , what he was used to . 
 the town was deserted . 
 the stores were closed . 
 it was bright and the light was getting brighter . 
 the sun shone on a lamp post at a closed shop . 
 all the houses were dark . 
 he wanted her to turn around . 
 he said to her : '' please turn around . '' 
 but she continued to walk , the light became stronger , but the houses were empty and the streets were deserted like an early sunday morning , as in a painting by hopper . 
 everything was still . 
 suddenly she lay beside him in bed . 
 the pain was so fucking intense when he felt her warm back press against his chest . 
 he swept away her hair and lay closer . 
 he gulped when he heard her say good night . 
 he saw the monkey hands , his gnarled fingers and skinny cheekbone . 
 he lit the lamp and threw off the covers . 
 took two quick steps to the bag and pulled up the wallet . 
 his hands were shaking . 
 the zipper hooked itself but went up after a few jerks . 
 he poured out all the money on the floor and shuffled away everything when he saw the pills . 
 the saliva in his mouth enveloped the pills . 
 he stuffed a double dose imovane and threw himself on the bed . 
 he appealed to something he did not know what it was and he could hear how scared he sounded . '' 
 please , please , please . 
 do not come . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 looked up at the ceiling . 
 he grabbed his shoulders and squeezed everything he could . 
 * hunting cabin a few miles outside vienna wien june 1 the sun went down over the treetops . 
 the gravel road to the house was deserted . 
 in front of the house was a barn with a shooting range , outside the barn was a lawn with some exercise equipment . 
 the cottage was alone in the woods . 
 it was several miles to the nearest neighbor . 
 at the outhouse near the forest edge were a few months of garbage in a pile . 
 four men stepped out of the barn . 
 it was their third training session in two days . 
 sweat stung their eyes . 
 the leader matteo was barely out of breath . 
 he gathered the men on the grass , turned to one spanish-kined man . '' 
 juan . 
 practice the throwing shoulder . 
 good results in the barn . '' 
 he went on to marco who had a scarred face , who was short and dark . '' 
 marco . 
 improve foot sweep , improve outcomes in the barn . '' 
 finally , he turned to a man with a rat face , which was long and slender . '' 
 luca . 
 continue at this rate you will be in juan and marcos shape in a few weeks . '' 
 matteo opened the door to the barn . 
 turned on the light again . 
 waved in juan and marco . 
 they stood in front of two shooting ranges . 
 they put on earmuffs . 
 peltor bulls eye iii . 
 matteo stopped luca . 
 showed him to his range , where there was an armrest . 
 he saw that several of his shots had missed the target and hit the barn wall . 
 he put him on a dry exercise for half an hour . 
 closed the doors . 
 he went to the house and sat down in an armchair . 
 he read the book of the great doctor 's words and their mission . 
 after a while he went to the kitchen and turned up some canned crushed tomatoes in the kitchen . 
 chopped onion , crushed garlic , mixed with chili and cream in a pan and sizzled up with the tomatoes . 
 the kitchen was filled with the smell of cooking . 
 he opened the window . 
 threw in eight chorizo sausages in the pot . 
 he let it simmer for half an hour and then added food on four plates . 
 he looked towards the lawn , barn and the dark forest . 
 the night had settled over their little glade . 
 he resumed to the doctor ´ s book and read a few minutes . 
 he came to the parts which were incomplete . 
 he swore that they only had access to the montepulciano manuscripts and not the great book : theatrum diabolus . 
 matteo called on the men . 
 they sat at the table in the little cottage . 
 it was a careful diet and exercise . 
 in a few weeks , it was time . 
 after dinner juan , luca and marco went out to continue exercising . 
 matteo hit the news . 
 the newscast mentioned nothing about the burglary of the city hall offices . 
 the police still seemed to have no trace . 
 he turned and kissed his cross given to him by father carlo . 
 he went to the window and looked at the men . 
 from the beginning , it had just been him and father carlo in the tiny mountain monastery hidden in lazio outside rome where he had been left by unknown parents as a child . 
 father carlo , the monastery 's abbot , had taken him in and given him an education . 
 in matteo 's eyes father carlo was an exceptional man . 
 he knew the bible by heart , and if there sometime was a dispute between him and a brother the always came away ashamed . 
 even the haughty vatican consulted with him in interpretations when there was disagreement . 
 father carlo opened their eyes . 
 they looked out over the plains , the mountains , the eternal city . 
 he was a true apocalyptic , he revealed the hidden secrets of creation , the pattern of the real web . 
 the threads that explained the motives . 
 matteo remembered the evening when the four men 's fate was sealed . 
 they sat in one of the library ´ s towers overlooking the fields in the valley below . 
 they had just completed a massive survey of what father carlo meant was the abscesses along the creation ´ s spine . 
 they had used the scientific approach , father carlo argued that the scientific method was second to none when it came to define processes , properties , compile facts and draw conclusions . 
 but the method was missing something vital : meaning . 
 god had given them the scientific method and the instrument to draw meaning from the results : the bible . 
 the results of the survey were as father carlo predicted . 
 the abscesses they investigated were natural behavior and human behavior over a period of a few centuries . 
 they had come to the conclusion that natural disasters had increased manifold , the belief was firmly shaken and in a downward spiral , wars harvested more victims now than any time in history , while more children died of starvation . 
 when they were finished father carlo gathered them around in a circle . 
 he praised their work and took out the bible . 
 he put his hand on the book and asked the same question he always asked . 
 but this time he was deadly serious . '' 
 what is the meaning of this result ? '' 
 afraid to utter the wrong answer kept all four silent . 
 father carlo said nothing . 
 he opened the bible and turned to the new testament . 
 he turned the page to the gospel of mark and the 13th chapter . 
 with the men on edge , he read aloud : '' people will rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom : and there shall be earthquakes in one place after the other , and hunger-emergencys shall arise , this is the beginning of birth pains . '' 
 it was breathtaking for all four to hear the sentence , how all their work was intertwined with the big book . 
 father carlo said that it was not a coincidence that the four sat in the tower with him . 
 he beat up an old binder .14 '' the church 's great doctor , roberto francesco romolo bellarmine , had , as you know , a secret mission . '' 
 surely , they were well aware of the secret mission , but it had never been confirmed . 
 father carlo continued . '' 
 doctor bellarmine did not complete his mission , he left it to posterity to pursue it . 
 this , my brethren , is his montepulciano manuscripts in which he in detail described its mission . '' 
 matteo and his brothers leaned closer , curious to the burst-limit . '' 
 you have proved to me and the monastery and god that you are worthy of this mission . 
 i 've been looking all my life for you . '' 
 proudly they listened to their father . 
 carlo stood up . '' 
 i want us to swear an oath in this tower , with the library and god as witnesses that you are to pursue the great doctor bellarmine ´ s mission . '' 
 it did not go one second until matteo , juan , marco and luca almost in unison proclaimed that nothing would make them more proud . 
 father carlo continued . '' 
 as you heard from the gospel , we must pave the way for the lord . 
 we need to honor dr. bellarmine ´ s mission . 
 when we do this , we must not blink when we look into the eyes of satan . 
 he has agents everywhere who will try to deceive you . 
 be faithful to the mission and god will be faithful to you . '' 
 the men knelt before father carlo , and clasped their hands . 
 12 rome year 1599 in a bare monk 's cell in the inquisition headquarters palazzo del sant ` uffizio at the side of the st. peter 's basilica lay the general inquisitor roberto francesco romolo bellarmine as a cross on the stone floor . 
 he moved a rosary slowly in one hand with closed eyes . 
 he mumbled the rosary prayer . 
 when he was finished , he stood up and brushed off his black coat . 
 the sun peeped into the room . 
 he turned toward the light . 
 closed his eyes again . 
 he felt his face was hot . 
 it was as if god had heard his prayer . 
 despite years of service , he felt humbled before his duties as the general inquisitor . 
 it was he who had been bestowed the confidence to crush the remnants of the medieval heretical movements of the cathars and waldenses , who recently grown with the lutheran movement . 
 but he had another , far more important and secret mission . 
 he would destroy the underground movement thoth ´ s brotherhood that recently had become one of the church 's worst enemies . 
 he would destroy their sacred theatre of the five gates . 
 because of thoth ´ s brotherhood the theatre had become too well-known and talked about with riddles of legends . 
 bellarmine had noticed that more and more searched for the powerful force that was believed to be in the theatre . 
 the old truths were beginning to be brought back to life , those he had fought so hard against his whole life . 
 a few weeks earlier , the philosopher giordano bruno , the magician of nola , the notorious nolan had been imprisoned in venice . 
 bellarmine ´ s belief was that he would give him the location of the theatre . 
 however a tough fight waited . 
 he had heard nasty things of faithful in venice , paris and london that had followed him . 
 giordano bruno was not of this world . 
 the nolan was thoth ´ s brotherhood ´ s foremost disciple . 
 he was the incarnation of the egyptian thoth . 
 allegedly he had insane power and was extremely dangerous . 
 bellarmine did not even want to think about the stories he heard . 
 the great doctor sat at his writing desk where he had sat so many times over the years . 
 before him lay his notebook entitled theatrum diabolus -- the devil 's theatre , which centuries later would come in august 's possession and eventually faced ludwig ´ s eyes . 
 he turned up the first page and read a few sentences . 
 a habit which for him was equal to litany and prayers , but to my ears it sounded more like a mantra because he thought that he unleashed the power of god through his fingers if he repeated the same procedure over and over again . 
 as far back as the doctor could remember , he had looked for the theatre , which was the resting place for thoth ´ s holy book . 
 a book that thoth ´ s brotherhood swore was the source of the original truth of creation and man . 
 it was the first , the only holy scripture . 
 bellarmine had over the years sent delegations to the ancient land of egypt , the crusades and the templar ´ s jerusalem , ottoman constantinople and the chamber where the doctor heard that several men swallowed their tongues when a priest read from the book . 
 he had even sent good men , whom he considered his confidantes , to the monastery where leonardo of pistoia had retrieved the corpus hermeticum from and the cavity where the book had allegedly been hidden in . 
 but there was just dust left and the monks had long since left it which now was a godforsaken place in bellarmine ´ s eyes . 
 the delegations were a great disappointment to an even greater cost but they had at least convinced the doctor that the theatre was in florence or rome . 
 it lay stone to his already , as he understood it , heavy burden that not only heretics had been blinded by thoth ´ s brotherhood through the centuries . 
 it was a shame for the church not only according to the doctor , there were several that were ashamed in silence that there were traces of influence from the brotherhood in the writings of the ancient fathers , tertullian , augustine , lactantius , clement of alexandria . 
 bellarmine thanked god that he allowed this to be forgotten even if thoth ´ s brotherhood recently did everything to bring it back to life . 
 bellarmine slammed the notebook . 
 he got ready to go and inform the pope that one of the church 's worst enemies would soon arrive to rome from venice . 
 13 vienna february 12 gruppeninspektor alexander wagner looked out the window at schottenring from a room on the second floor of the police station . 
 a woman in high heels ran after a tram with a suitcase behind . 
 she managed to catch it . 
 wagner was distracted . 
 he was somewhere else . 
 he turned away from the window and joined his two colleagues who were sitting at a table with an open folder . 
 in the folder , there were pictures of a naked woman in her sixties who had been shot in the head . 
 the colleagues sorted images on the table one by one . 
 although the murder was done outside vienna they went through hotel records at the time of the crime in the city , parking violations and traffic crimes around the country . 
 they were in search of a four-leaf clover , and what was worse was that they were aware of it . 
 they knew that the investigation would soon be closed down , but they dragged on because the victim was the wife of a big shot in business , mr. iacobi . 
 for august , she meant everything , for alexander , she meant nothing . 
 two minutes went by . 
 it was enough . 
 wagner stood up and rubbed his hands on his face . 
 he went to the manager and asked for reassignment . 
 * the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg june 2 ludwig said good morning to august , who sat and ate breakfast in the dining hall . '' 
 good morning '' , said august , without looking up from his newspaper . 
 laura , august 's housemaid , was also in the room . 
 she greeted kindly and laid out a plate to ludwig . 
 she smiled at him , but her face wore a sad mask , a painted smile on a crying clown . 
 she moved slowly in the room . 
 picked up august 's glass , cutlery and plates . 
 the cutlery she put gently on the plate and lifted on to a cart which she slowly pushed out of the room . 
 august did not seem to take notice of her at all , as if she were part of the props . 
 ludwig poured himself a glass of juice . 
 he sat quiet and looked out a window . 
 he was amazed that no thoughts pressed on . 
 he told himself not to charge anything in advance . 
 while ludwig drank his glass of juice august looked at him behind his newspaper . 
 he had always had good intuition about people when he recruited middle managers as high . 
 occasionally there had of course gone wrong but that was exceptions . 
 august decided to give him a chance . '' 
 i 'll show you to your workplace . 
 follow me '' , august said . 
 august and ludwig stood in front of the stairs to the upper wings . 
 ludwig still did not know where he was going . 
 nearby on the wall a caravaggio hung , matthew and the angel . 
 ludwig had seen it before , he wondered if it was a copy . 
 the older version of matthew and the angel that was not in san luigi dei francesi in rome had been destroyed during world war ii . 
 he didn ´ t have time to ask before august opened a double door of wood that was at the side of the stairs to the upper wings . 
 i know this had to have been a great day for ludwig even though other matters pressed on . 
 ever since he was little , he had been sitting in the libraries of stockholm , alternating between the library of parliament , asplund ´ s city library and the royal library . 
 he had special places he sat on , preferably in a corner with a good view , when they were taken , he waited until they became vacant , or went to a different library . 
 inside the double door was a similar staircase as the one above with wide mahogany railings and carpet pressed into the steps . 
 it was much longer and slightly wider than the other steps . 
 the staircase ran down the middle of a large hall , a rotunda with a central location that was the size of a basketball court . 
 along the walls were rows of bookshelves . 
 the rotunda was blasted like a dome in the middle of the huge mountain that the castle was built on . 
 around the rotunda were several wooden stairs that went up and down into the mountain library . 
 between the stairs were passageways into the mountain . 
 there were books everywhere . 
 it was without a doubt the largest library ludwig had been in , a book 's tower of babel masked by the mountain and the castle . 
 wide-eyed ludwig followed august into one of the aisles . 
 they passed through several rooms whose walls were covered with bookcases . 
 after five rooms in a row , they came into a chamber . 
 from the ceiling hung a chandelier with weak electric lighting . 
 along the walls stood bookcases like in the other rooms . 
 beside one of the cabinets was a simple , black coffin . 
 in the middle of the room stood a table covered with books . 
 also on the floor were books all over the place , opened and stacked . 
 it looked like someone had worked very hard with the material and then just stopped abruptly . 
 ludwig suspected that this disorder had something to do with his assignment . 
 august stood in front of the desk . '' 
 this is your work . 
 the first thing to do is to register what books are here . 
 i want to know the title , author , year , and publisher . 
 i want to know how in shape you found them , which page was opened , what other books that lay in the pile , which books were lying around . '' 
 ludwig pressed his lips together and nodded . 
 his gaze wandered over the books . 
 this could very well fit to displace the thoughts of the police and the prison . 
 if there was something he liked it was to drown himself in books . 
 they had been effective over the years to cure loneliness and sadness , creating the worlds in which he was so dependent on . 
 august continued . '' 
 it should not take that long . 
 once you are done with this , you should go through all the books , to see if there are any bookmarks , dog ears , circles , damp pages , stains , imprints , margin notes and so on . 
 and i want you to write everything down in this book . '' 
 august laid a leather bound book with string on the desktop . '' 
 if you need to take pictures , i suggest that you change the lighting and avoiding flash whenever possible . 
 there are some lights in here that you can move on , you see . 
 use this nikon camera that is in here . '' 
 he tapped on the glass to one of the bookcases . '' 
 if you take a picture , even if it is bad then don ´ t delete it . 
 i want to know everything you do in here . '' 
 august looked around . '' 
 so . 
 i think that is all you need to know . 
 when you are finished , put everything back to its original location . '' 
 ludwig was eager to get started . 
 he had no intention of asking what the purpose was of the assignment . 
 he was just glad he was able to focus on something else . 
 it seemed as if august still had no idea who he was . 
 august turned in the vault into the room and said . '' 
 i expect that you are ready in time for dinner . '' 
 ludwig barely heard the last part august said . 
 he started immediately with taking out the nikon camera . 
 he put up some lights in front of the books lying on the floor , angled the light so that the titles were not blinded when he pulled the trigger . 
 he went around the room . 
 then he took a picture of the books that lay on the table . 
 when he was finished with taking pictures he put away the camera on the bookcase . 
 he began picking the books . 
 his first thought was that all the books in some way were about christianity . 
 the pattern didn ´ t hold after ten or twelve books . 
 he continued to pick and read at random . 
 for a moment he felt like the student in history at the university of which he was part of as recently as a few years ago . 
 he loved to browse through old books in the royal library , understand the mind of past generations . 
 walk along the streets of renaissance rome , exploring the streets of stockholm 's old town , try to feel how it smelled , how they did it . 
 escape reality and into worlds he could control , build and govern . 
 far was the psychopath as he was painted out to be in the press . 
 the offender who had no inhibitions . 
 the books piles seemed not to be arranged in any particular order . 
 the books that lay on the floor did not have more in common with each other than those who were on the table . 
 those who were together were no more common than with those in other places . 
 someone had written in the margins of the books . 
 there were traces of erased marked words and circled words in almost every book he read . 
 some underlining was smudged , others were made with ink . 
 it was short observations and notes , sometimes small drawings , lines and strange symbols . 
 ludwig stock on a note that he found on a page in a book by grs mead : august 17 remember : the law of the light = caravaggio ´ s light september 24 should i tell ? 
 ludwig wrote the notes in the book given to him by august . 
 he recorded in a footnote which book it was , which page . 
 when he had had the time to look at half of the books august appeared again in the vault . '' 
 ludwig . 
 now it 's dinner . '' 
 they ate a steak with potatoes and vegetables and a dark , creamy sauce . 
 for dinner laura had decanted a heavy red wine from chateauneuf du pape . 
 ludwig broke the silence . '' 
 may i ask why i ´ m doing this ? '' 
 august chewed . 
 took a sip of wine . '' 
 well , did you finish ? '' '' 
 no '' , ludwig remembered the negotiations from yesterday , and did not want to lose this . '' 
 but with all due respect , you must understand . 
 i have not had time to count them , but it 's certainly more than a hundred books down there , and given that you said i could not use flash so it took a few hours just to take pictures of them . 
 because they had to be in the same order when i was done . '' '' 
 ludwig , it is on this - '' this time ludwig interrupted august . '' 
 the work is no problem but i just ask for a little time here . 
 if you ask me , it is not much to ask . '' 
 ludwig tried hard to the max . 
 he tried to tighten up his voice as best he could . 
 he knew nothing of the warrant for his arrest in sweden . 
 the castle was the perfect hiding place . 
 august sat quietly for a few minutes . 
 finally he said grimly . '' 
 maybe you 're right . 
 you get the job anyway . 
 you can continue tomorrow . '' 
 ludwig sank slightly after the announcement . 
 when the voltage15 dropped , he suddenly felt drowsy . 
 as they stood at the foot of the stairs in the upper part of the castle august said unexpectedly . '' 
 you mentioned something about salary yesterday , if i remember correctly . 
 we can discuss it tomorrow . 
 we ensure that your trip here and the day 's work will be paid . 
 think about what you would like to receive as salary and request it . 
 notify me tomorrow at breakfast . '' 
 august wanted to look through ludwig 's work for the day . 
 he handed over the notebook . 
 august said good night and walked away along the corridor to the end of the wing where a lounge was . 
 before he closed the doors ludwig saw a portrait hanging over the fireplace . 
 it showed a woman with a warm smile and mesmerizing eyes . 
 he had not yet made the acquaintance of the beautiful victoria . 
 august sat in an armchair in the lounge . 
 he placed the notebook on his lap . 
 he waited to open the book . 
 he stared at the front . 
 he opened the book and read through it quickly . 
 he pulled his fingers over the words and closed his eyes . 
 he thought of his wife . 
 ludwig lay in bed and looked at the clock . 
 it was just after eight . 
 for the first time in a long time , he was tired . 
 ella and the image of the ape who stroked her cheek had not turned up at any time during the day , which had not happened since it happened . 
 he felt that a small but important control had crept into his life just in a few days . 
 a control that he was denied in sweden . 
 despite the control , she was still there when he closed his eyes . 
 the houses were still empty and the dawn was almost over . 
 she refused to turn around . 
 he went a little faster , she went a little faster . 
 he reached for her , but touched only with his fingers on the back of her blouse . 
 he could hear her laugh , or cry , it was difficult to know what it was but he could at least hear her . 
 the windows of the houses were empty . 
 the curtains were still drawn . 
 no one met them in the street . 
 the traffic lights were off . 
 she stopped . 
 ludwig froze . 
 she turned around . 
 ludwig sat up in bed . 
 rubbed his eyes . 
 although the memories hurt he could not bear to force them out . 
 do as they said at the prison : take a pill and run down your head in a zinc tub full of chemicals . 
 be clean and free , gain insight as they said , leave that which he did not want to leave . 
 he listened to the wind and the old castle ´ s whispers and shouts . 
 normally , he would have been afraid to sleep in a separate wing of an old medieval castle . 
 but the very idea of ghosts made him hopeful . 
 death had always frightened him with its uncertain end . 
 but if ghosts existed , it meant that there was life after death . 
 something to look forward to . 
 something broke through the silence , a weak recurrent sound . 
 ludwig put his head against the wall and listened . 
 distant he heard sobs . 
 after a few minutes there was no doubt about it . 
 somewhere in the castle , someone cried . 
 14 rome year 1599 about the same time in the evening as ludwig fell asleep , over 400 years earlier the gate slipped open at piazza del popolo . 
 michele stood at the obelisk with fabrizio and mario , unaware that at this moment , his and ludwig 's fate intertwined even further . 
 michele looked at the graffiti . 
 he thought about what fabrizio said had said about thoth ´ s brotherhood and the theatre . 
 he tried to remember more of what his father said about the theatre when he was little , when he thought he had read him stories . 
 they stood in silence , listening to the guard who raised his voice to some who wanted to get into . 
 he denied them . 
 michele froze . 
 he recognized the deep voice on the other side of the gate . 
 it was sciarra . 
 he heard him threaten guard . 
 he swept the square and the houses with their eyes . 
 there was no time and there was no place to escape to . 
 michele could just stand still and wait for fate . 
 the guard stood firm and eventually sciarra ´ s voice disappeared . 
 they were promised to get in at dawn . 
 michele heard how they rode away . 
 the same city guard who let them in opened the gate . 
 after him a carriage rode in with four black coats on horseback that guarded the carriage on each side . 
 the carriage rode into the torch-lit avenue of via ripetta . 
 the guards who stood along the avenue looked towards the prison transport . 
 the torches were shaking . 
 the driver of the carriage had boils on his face . 
 the men who rode as patronage had all vomit on their black hoods and pale faces . 
 it looked as if they had seen the devil . 
 michele heard something , at first he thought it was his imagination . 
 for michele 's sake , i wished it was but like the others he heard it louder after a while . 
 the wind from the horsemen and the carriage voiced a muffled rumble , like a monster in a cave . 
 the carriage was wrapped in a dark cloth that was over the windows and doors , the rumble came from inside the horse carriage . 
 fabrizio punched his partner and michele on the arm . 
 his voice trembled . '' 
 now i know the prisoner that vacca in the gate spoke of . 
 father told me the other day . 
 do not ask me how , but they managed to imprison him in venice and would bring him to rome at all costs . '' 
 fabrizio looked anxiously at his friends . '' 
 it 's the nolan , giordano bruno , they are transferring to the inquisition . 
 he who possesses the most terrifying forces father says that he acquired in the theatre ... where he ... '' fabrizio swallowed the words . 
 michele had also heard of the nolan and his mystical powers , also from his father . 
 even as a youngster he had done amazing things . 
 he had crossed the tiber by walking on the water , in the mountains near the bolsena lake several villagers had saw him hugging a huge oak that rotted in his arms . 
 he was a ghost , a monster that everyone on the entire peninsula feared , even sciarra . 
 michele 's mother had warned him when he was little , when he was disobedient '' beware , michele , otherwise the nolan will take you . '' 
 they stared at the carriage while the dust swirled in the air . 
 15 the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg june 12 ludwig woke to the alarm of the cell phone . 
 the clock showed 5:04 . 
 he set the clock consciously a few hours before wake would be at the prison to break the pattern , in order to remind himself that he was out of the cage . 
 ludwig turned off the alarm and went through the corridor in boxers to the toilet . 
 took a quick shower and cleaned his mouth . 
 he pulled on his workout clothes and ran his now usual stretch down to the village , crossed the little street that cut through it , up the hill a few miles away . 
 with hands set against his knees , he stopped on the hill and puffed out . 
 he looked up at the castle and down to the sleeping village . 
 the air was fresh and unused . 
 he stretched near the herb garden and the statues up at the castle . 
 the training was the medicine . 
 it worked . 
 the blood pumped out life in his veins . 
 control over the feelings was again his , at least to some extent . 
 the village and the countryside spread out below him . 
 in the cell , he had only had the gray concrete wall as a view . 
 the grille on the window framed the greenery outside , like a painting on a wall . 
 there was not even a c-building on the horizon . 
 for nearly two weeks , he had been at the castle . 
 not a hint of suspicion had been aroused in august . 
 not a police car had driven through the village . 
 he began to feel calm . 
 ludwig had always thought that it was something special to get up very early . 
 go for a stroll in the town , go for a walk while the dew was still present . 
 wait and see how everything woke up . 
 as a master monitors his apprentice . 
 the butterfly that is born out of the pulp . 
 the control of the process . 
 he was an animal , he was happiest in moving about at dusk and dawn . 
 when he came back to the castle , he took out the breakfast and ate . 
 left it out for august who ate at half past seven . 
 their routines were now hand in hand . 
 or hand behind the hand . 
 ludwig avoided august . 
 he was just trying to mark his presence . 
 let him know that he worked so he could disappear down to his hiding place in the library and step into another world . 
 ludwig ran up to his bathroom . 
 threw off his clothes . 
 washed away the training . 
 pulled on deo . 
 combed his hair . 
 put on jeans and a hooded sweater with a print which said harvard , which he brought from the summer house of his mother , which he got from ella . 
 the shirt was part of a little experiment on her part which ludwig reluctantly agreed to be part of . 
 since the shirts were quite common among the in-crowd in stockholm , and nobody probably gone to the university , she said out loud when ludwig and she was close to an outdoor bar where one wore the same shirt sat and sipped wine . '' 
 look , baby , that guy has also gone to harvard , do you recognize him ? '' 
 the man run away run away and locked himself into the toilet . 
 he took his mobile with him . 
 ran down to the library and lit up the rotunda and sat at the table in victoria 's room . 
 he took out a playlist of old songs that he liked in high school . 
 he did not want to evoke any memories from recent years . 
 pressed play . 
 music swang from the mobile external speakers and filled the room . 
 from the depths of the sea , back to the block snoop doggy dogg , funky , yes but of the doc went solo on that ass , but it 's still the same long beach is the spot where i served my cane * vienna february 15 his boss knew why he wanted to be reassigned . 
 everybody probably knew , who worked with gruppeninspektor alexander wagner . 
 the investigation he was currently assigned to , the murder of victoria , was on its way to nowhere , therefore the reassignment could be made immediately . 
 he just needed to move up a couple of stairs . 
 sit in a modestly grayer corridor . 
 in a more bare office . 
 listen to the same bullshit in the coffee room with some other terminology . 
 the third day on the new floor he locked himself in his room . 
 he printed a page with large letters : busy and taped on the door . 
 he opened the only folder he had on his desk . 
 he put aside the event report , notifications , forensics , witnesses . 
 took out the mug shot of the offender and stared . 
 * in the library ludwig usually had sorted in the morning and read in the afternoons . 
 and read the day 's notes in the evening . 
 and penetrated new books during the wee hours . 
 he kept it up for long hours and told himself repeatedly that it worked . 
 the work was a straitjacket for the tanks16 . 
 he feared the day when they like a mel gibson would hit the wall and get out , run amok , turn up the memory films to the max . 
 the order was quite different now than when ludwig came to the room . 
 all books , he counted 150 , laid in neat piles on the large table in the middle of the chamber . 
 he had been given permission by august to organize them that way without having to put the books back in their original places every night . 
 it took several days before he decided how he would group the books . 
 he had no help from august who refused to answer questions about the books . 
 after careful consideration , he decided . 
 systematically , he went through all the books and put them into groups according to which periods the books were about . 
 at last there were ten stacks and ten epochs relating to each era in general or specific authors with different number of books in each . 
 he stacked the piles chronologically from left to right with the epochs written on pieces of paper on top of the piles : 1 . 
 pharaoh . 
 these books were about the oldest period of the new kingdom , a period between 1 500 bc and 1300 bc 2 . 
 archaic . 
 3 . 
 classical . 
 4 . 
 platonian . 
 ludwig had to break out the platonic literature to its own pile even though the period was classical . 
 5 . 
 cicero . 
 6 . 
 the church fathers . 
 the books were especially about augustine but also about ambrosius and clement of alexandria . 
 7 . 
 boethius . 
 8 . 
 bacon and ockham . 
 9 . 
 ficino and mirandola . 
 10 . 
 giordano bruno . 
 at every pile there was a paper in which he divided the books into subsections . 
 if it was printed original writings or whether it was scientific literature , fiction , maps , monographs , essays , etc. . 
 almost all of the books could be listed in a category but after bruno was a stack of books that were difficult to classify . 
 there were some works of fiction and three arabic books , picatrix , book of the secrets of creation and the book of crates . 
 ludwig sat in front of the desk and approached the last pile . 
 after several songs had played after snoop dogg , he had slipped down on the chair . 
 he was approaching the end of the pile . 
 when he finished reading d.p. walker 's summary of ficino 's magic the playlist jumped to the last song in the list . 
 mike patton 's voice from faith no more filled the room . 
 ludwig got new energy , he sat up in his chair . 
 he began to see a pattern . 
 at random he picked two books from each pile and tested the hypothesis . 
 he read the table of contents where such existed . 
 skimmed ten pages of each book . 
 wrote keywords in the notebook august gave him . 
 a sense of reward poured out his body . 
 a feeling he had not had in over a year . 
 it kicked the shit out of the despair and anxiety for a while . 
 swept clean in the head and made up with the ape-fucker , as best it could , anyway . 
 he took out more books and read . 
 it was masterpieces by frances a. yates , her the art of memory and giordano bruno and the hermetic tradition , thorndike and his history of magic and experimental science , faivre , the eternal hermes : from greek god to alchemical magus , and mead 's thrice-greatest hermes . 
 after a few hours , he had quickly gone through all the books on the table . 
 the theory seemed to hold . 
 he read the circled word in the notebook . 
 hermeticism all books , despite their different nature and their origin from different times and by different authors , were somehow about hermeticism . 
 a tradition of ideas that emanated from the fabled hermetic writings , including the written collection that leonardo di pistoia found in a cavity under the examination room in the mountain monastery in macedonia . 
 ludwig was not particularly well-versed about hermetismen . 
 as far as possible he avoided the writings and teachings which according to him was floating on clouds and never touched the ground . 
 as ludwig understood it , the hermetic writings was forged from sometime after christ , the counterfeiters had , as ludwig remembered it , a strong desire to have the scriptures seem older than they actually were . 
 however , there were some who claimed that they were much older than that and authentic but what ludwig knew they had come to naught when they were to prove it . 
 the scriptures would according to legend contain the old truth that went all the way back to thoth in egypt . 
 the original religion that all religions then had distorted , which ludwig thought was a little too big claim but he was a skeptic out in his fingertips . 
 ludwig was satisfied with the work . 
 he turned off the music and sat down in a chair . 
 stretched out his legs above the floor . 
 he closed his eyes and relaxed . 
 he was about to doze off . 
 it did not take long until he was back in the deserted town and behind her . 
 he stood still when she turned around . 
 the dawn was over . 
 the sun shone strongly over the deserted city . 
 her hair was above the shoulders . 
 the sun blinded him . 
 he could not see her eyes . 
 he only saw a bright light . 
 he stepped aside . 
 the sun disappeared over the rooftops . 
 ludwig flinched when he saw her . 
 her cheeks and forehead were smooth . 
 over her eyes were skin and the nose had no opening . 
 and her mouth had no lips , the opening was only a narrow stripe . 
 she had no face . 
 he woke up but didn ´ t open his eyes . 
 he felt something . 
 it was a wind that swept through the library and in the halls next door . 
 it sounded like the hum of a seashell . 
 it came closer . 
 he knew that he did not hear anything , his brain and his memory deceived him . 
 the sound entered the room . 
 ludwig kept his eyes closed . 
 it flew around the table and crawled up the chair . 
 the wind stopped at his ear . 
 the hum died out . 
 the library was completely silent . 
 suddenly he felt a pain in the stomach . 
 at his left ear , someone whispered . 
 it was ella . 
 her voice sounded weird . 
 she said . '' 
 ludwig , why did you do it ? '' 
 quick as lightning he flew up and looked next to his chair . 
 he was terrified . 
 no one was there . 
 he ran around the room and looked in the bookcases . 
 behind the desk . 
 in the other rooms . 
 he ran out to the rotunda , crawled on his knees under the table , moved the chairs . 
 shouted out . '' 
 hello , is anyone there ? '' 
 the words disappeared into the rotunda and into the aisles . 
 he heard someone pick the books a few meters up . 
 august came out on a ledge , near a spiral staircase made of wood with metal railings . '' 
 ludwig . 
 do not shout . 
 go and work . '' 
 ludwig waved to august and apologized . 
 he returned perplexed and wondered what had happened . 
 he convinced himself that he imagined it all . 
 if not imagination , what could it be . 
 he walked up to the desk and changed playlist . 
 it was clint mansell and requiem for a dream . 
 he put the music slightly higher . 
 the whining strings would scare away all the ghosts of the mind . 
 he read faster than usual . 
 the bloody , throbbing , grinning ape-fucker would not fuck with him today . 
 not the freak that lived in him . 
 not today . 
 but despite the loud music he could still hear the hum . 
 he could almost see the invisible , like a veil that wrapped him and tried to strangle him . 
 he ran out to august again . 
 asked him to accompany him back to the room to go through what he found . 
 he didn ´ t want to be alone . 
 16 the castle ruotkerspurch , riegersburg june 12 they sat at the table in victoria 's room . 
 ludwig opened the notebook and turned it against august . 
 he pointed to the circled word , hermeticism . 
 august looked blank at first . 
 the word told him nothing except that he of course knew about it but shortly after he read it he struck his hands together and seemed to be filled with warmth but he would not say what it was to ludwig . 
 he urged him instead to continue . 
 ludwig told him about the sectioning of the books on the table and told him what his research had resulted in so far . '' 
 i have found several strange things . 
 just look at the notes in this book . '' 
 ludwig grabbed a book by g.r.s. mead titled thrice-greatest hermes , studies in hellenistic theosophy and gnosis , volume 1-3 . 
 he flipped to page 102 . '' 
 someone has written something here , beside the note there ´ s something fuzzy about transcendence and hermetism : '' seek the light , everything is in the light '' have you any idea what that means ? '' 
 august shook his head . 
 he reached for the book and took it from ludwig . 
 he filled his lungs and sighed . 
 his hand trembled as he touched the handwriting . '' 
 no , ludwig . 
 i have not the faintest . 
 have you found anything else ? '' '' 
 yes , plenty . '' 
 he pointed to a figure that he drew in his notebook . '' 
 for example . 
 this strange v ` return in book after book . 
 i have no idea what it is . '' 
 august said . '' 
 that 's the image of aries . 
 it is a key figure in hermeticism , especially hermetism related to giordano bruno . 
 where exactly have you found that sign ? '' '' 
 on a lot of different places , almost every book in here . 
 it seems to act as some kind of marker , for what i do not know yet . '' 
 august nodded and directed a lamp on the table . 
 he picked out a book on swedenborg . 
 the front was worn and the pages were bleached by sunlight . 
 he hit into it at random and stopped when he found a ram . 
 he turned to ludwig . '' 
 show me some more examples . '' 
 ludwig wanted to ask what the purpose was of the sign because he could sense that august knew more than he led on . 
 he pulled out some books from the stacks . '' 
 here , for instance . 
 in timaeus by plato . '' 
 ludwig turned the page until he came to a bookmark . '' 
 here you have one of those signs next to something that 's about a crater or something . 
 it 's about some sort of reincarnation . '' 
 in the end , ludwig could not bear it any longer . 
 he closed the book and asked . '' 
 who is it that has made these notes ? '' 
 august said nothing . 
 he stared straight ahead and waited for ludwig to continue , which he did when he noticed that he wasn ´ t going to get a reply . 
 he showed the ram in books by plutarch , orpheus , stobaeus , justin the martyr . 
 he put them back in the right pile . 
 fixed the piles , so that they were orthogonal to each other on the table . 
 it was important for him to maintain order . 
 after a while , august said . '' 
 i think that will be enough , ludwig . '' '' 
 i have a little hard to understand what all this means , august . '' 
 august sat quietly and thought of victoria . '' 
 i 'm afraid that i understand as little as you , ludwig . '' 
 ludwig showed the notebook to august . 
 he recognized the notes as he read earlier . 
 saw that there was more text on the page . '' 
 just one more question . 
 can ´ t you just answer who have written these diary entries ? 
 you know , don ´ t you ? '' 
 when ludwig got wind of something he had always found it difficult to let go , often it was positive , but sometimes it was just stupid . 
 anyway , he always wanted to know more . 
 but august did not want to say . '' 
 but '' , august said almost stammering . '' 
 have you , have you found more notes ? '' 
 ludwig nodded . 
 he directed the lamp at the book and read to august . 
 he read again the notes he read earlier that neither he nor ludwig could understand what they really meant . 
 at least not yet . 
 august 17 remember : the law of the light = caravaggio ´ s light september 24 should i tell ? 
 november 25 where in reproba and Über is the ce-cipher ? 
 december 14 5 signs in the four-leaf clover x 3 signs -lrb- capita et bos -rrb- x -lrb- lateranense , matteiano , flaminio -rrb- = illustro . 
 as he wrote : priscus latina . 
 january 9 despite loretta ´ s warnings - could it really be them ? 
 i must try , it is soon the summer solstice . 
 august approached the text cautiously . 
 before him there were words that had been hidden from him for too long . 
 he got stuck on the note that was written on november 25 . 
 the titles that victoria had written reminded him of something but he did not know what . 
 he closed his eyes and thought about it . 
 the penny fell . 
 it was the pamphlets she wrote about . 
 when he figured it out , he wanted to be alone , to be alone with victoria . '' 
 ludwig , i have to be alone down here for a while . '' '' 
 i like to work , august , if i may . '' 
 something black came across august ´ s eyes . 
 ludwig saw the bishop of bergman ´ s fanny and alexander before him . '' 
 okay . 
 but you , i 'm wondering , you don ´ t have a computer i can borrow ? 
 i would like to check my email . 
 but you may not have internet up here ? '' '' 
 of course , ludwig . 
 on the computer that is in my office on the bottom floor , ai username and password 18371901 good night . '' 
 august did not move for a long time . 
 the stillness and the absence of sound amplified his sense of loneliness . 
 the panic wave had ebbed since a while back and left only emptiness . 
 the library was completely silent . 
 he heard when ludwig shut the doors down to the rotunda . 
 the silence played something that could not be called anything else than an emptiness requiem . 
 he watched over the books , the words , as if he protected the world from some secret evil ruler . 
 victoria 's notes lay like a dead child in front of him . 
 for august the silence was a requiem . 
 he bent down over an old coffin that stood in the back of the room . 
 it was so dark that it was barely noticeable from where it stood in the corner . 
 on the floor of the coffin were the two pamphlets with the titles : reproba informatio ab deus - occultus venalicium in praedestino vicis versus and Über die drei juristen , die das ende der welt vorausgesagt haben und wie die welt geendet hat . 
 they were dusty and worn . 
 they were written around the year 1600 . 
 august read a few lines in the leather-bound notebook . 
 repeated victoria 's secret word . 
 november 25 where in reproba and Über is the ce-cipher ? 
 he read about tabula smaragdina in the reproba-pamphlet . 
 read about all that is above is all that is below . 
 the pamphlets were one of thoth ´ s brotherhood ´ s many attacks on the church in ancient rome and their thoughts on the legendary theatre . 
 an hour later , the pamphlets lay on the desk . 
 a light shone on the desk . 
 august closed the pamphlets . 
 he muttered something quiet and looked up at the ceiling . 
 he was sure that the key to victoria 's secrets were in the pamphlets , but he didn ´ t find the opening . 
 * kunsthistorisches museum , vienna june 13 matteo stepped out of the car on babenbergerstrasse . 
 he larmed the car and walked around the building to the entrance . 
 he walked up to the cashier . 
 a man in a short-sleeved shirt and tie said welcome in german . 
 matteo said in english . '' 
 good day . 
 i 'm here to pick up four tickets to the gala june 14 . '' '' 
 your name , sir ? '' '' 
 matteo francesi . '' 
 the cashier stood up . 
 turned his back to the glass . 
 flipping through a card index . 
 picked up the phone . '' 
 excuse me , mr. francesi . 
 one minor problem . 
 if you kindly can wait . '' 
 after a few minutes another man met mr francesi in the lobby . '' 
 mr. francesi ? '' '' 
 yes '' , matteo said quiet . '' 
 you are at gregorianum ? '' '' 
 that 's right . '' 
 the man handed over an envelope . 
 matteo opened and saw four invitations . '' 
 you are welcome . '' 
 they began to run out of supplies out at the cabin . 
 matteo drove from vienna to a shopping center on the outskirts of the city . 
 he went into a supermarket and filled a cart with canned food , vegetables , dairy products , bread and meat . 
 he drove toward the house . 
 parked outside the barn . 
 he heard shots from the ranges . 
 he left the food and went to the barn and studied the men . 
 juan was an exemplary athlete with soft wrists , powerful when needed . 
 marco was mediocre . 
 luca miserable . 
 however , he had risen above the armrest level . 
 the training was luckily not the most important . 
 it was more a precaution with a desire to not be needed . 
 he took out juan , luca , marco on the grass . 
 put them on fitness training . 
 four stations , push-ups , torso , squats , bench press . 
 cooked dinner in the meantime . 
 through the window he kept an eye on the training . 
 after half an hour he opened the window and shouted that the food was ready . 
 after dinner matteo sent marco to the shooting range . 
 luca rested on the sofa . 
 juan went running . 
 matteo sat down in the armchair . 
 he opened the montepulciano manuscripts of bellarmine . 
 read what the great doctor wrote about thirteenth century writer boccaccio and his suspicion that the author admired thoth like so many other infidels . 
 matteo read a quote from boccaccio 's decameron collection of short stories . 
 ventos agere mercurii sets . 
 he tested luca and asked him to translate . 
 luca sat up and translated without problems . '' 
 it is mercury who controls the winds . '' 
 * while ludwig waited for the computer to start , he went around august ´ s study . 
 he stopped in front of the window and looked out over the village below the castle . 
 the lights were on in three of the four wooden houses . 
 on routine he looked after the police but he didn ´ t see anything as usual . 
 the house closest to the castle , which he thought was laura , still had the garden lamps turned on . 
 a car drove by on the main road beyond the village . 
 in a small grove near the window light reflected from some street lights through the branches . 
 he opened a web browser . 
 he surfed around randomly on blogs , technology , gossip , comics . 
 he typed in www.dn.se in the address bar . 
 he scrolled down , saw the minister of social affairs in a picture and a quote from an article published in the paper ´ s op-ed with the headline : '' we want to introduce a law of moral courage . '' 
 he clicked on the headline . 
 the preamble stated that the government intended to introduce a law concerning moral courage . 
 a law that was demonstrably needed after several incidents , such as those on kungsgatan , nybrokajen and the terrible events outside the 7-eleven on götgatan in stockholm on january 22 last year . 
 reluctantly the article made ludwig return to sweden and stockholm . 
 his memory bounced like a pinball : he saw himself screaming against the cobbles , his head pressed against the street by someone or some that were much stronger than he was , he saw himself in the courtroom calm as a general anesthetic patient , in front of him he saw the judge watch him with his glasses on the tip of his nose , like a snake behind grass , he saw ella , he fought back but she came into the tanks . 
 she always won . 
 the seiko clock given to him by her as a gift tightened around the wrist like an electric fence . 
 he could control the worst but the straitjacket burst . 
 he ended up on bus 4 on ringvägen in stockholm . 
 the bus driver didn ´ t greet them when they said hello . 
 a lady in glasses sat with one hand on a cage . 
 a goth-girl stared out the window , sucking on her lower lip piercings . 
 a man in his 30s was talking loud on her cell phone . 
 everybody heard . 
 all were annoyed . 
 everyone wanted to tell him to shut up but no one said anything . 
 ella , as usual , clapped the guy on the shoulder . 
 he turned . 
 she smiled . 
 she whispered so as not to interfere in his important phone call . '' 
 you , you could not keep it down a little , we can not get a word out when you talk like that loud . 
 it would be nice ... '' the man snorted and just turned around . 
 ella clapped again . 
 continued to whisper . 
 smiled . '' 
 but ... remember that we all here in the bus are sitting and wondering if it 's mouth or genital herpes you caught from that girl at level 22 . '' 
 he turned around . 
 ella continued to smile . 
 the guy laughed . 
 tough and red as a soviet propaganda poster . 
 he apologized . 
 ella sat . 
 ludwig had seen that before , ella ´ s ability . 
 but he still did not understand . 
 the few times he interfered and tried to tell someone , he almost got into fights . 
 but she could . 
 some people had that ability he thought . 
 ludwig bounced back . 
 the memory flowed out of him . 
 he logged in to his email . 
 the inbox had some spam mail , newsletters , a mail from his mother . 
 he deleted all but the mail from the mother . 
 he opened it . 
 ludwig , dear child , the police were here today and asked me if i knew where you were . 
 where are you and why did you ran away ?? 
 promise me that you do not do anything stupid with yourself , you have to understand , we are many here who love you ! 
 please come home , i 'm so worried about you . 
 kisses and hugs , mom and dad ludwig pressed reply . 
 looked at the blinking cursor . 
 pressed enter a few times . 
 ella pushed again into the tanks . 
 he began to write . 
 mom , she was the only one who understood me . 
 he stopped . 
 he hit the index finger against the desk . 
 felt the familiar lump in the throat . 
 the thickened throat . 
 jitter . 
 that fucking hopeless . 
 he wrote . 
 i do not expect anyone to understand , which she did . 
 but there is something i want to tell you , mom , and try for once to get it . 
 think more about me than what you think about your own concerns , you could at least try ! 
 how do you think i feel , how the hell do you think i feel when i remember everything we 've talked about , every single fucking sentence , every word , every facial expression and laughter . 
 don ´ t you understand that it is impossible for me to remain in stockholm when i tormented by her voice , her presence , her smooth skin , always two feet away reading a book in the striped armchair . 
 you don ´ t understand , but that damn ape , i 'm no fucking criminal . 
 i don ´ t care what everyone thinks , but that 's it . 
 the tears ran down ludwig ´ s cheeks . 
 he couldn ´ t see what he wrote . 
 his chest jumped when he breathed , as if he did not get enough air . 
 he wiped his eyes . 
 he marked all the text and pressed the delete and then wrote . 
 don ´ t worry , mom . 
 i 'll be home soon . 
 hugs , ludwig . 
 although he knew it was stupid , he sent it anyway . 
 he surfed to the homepage of swedish tabloid aftonbladet to see what clues the police had about his escape . 
 in the normal course of extra ! 
 extra ! 
 extra ! 
 - style a bit down on the website were a few items collected that was about his escape and the police 's difficulty in finding him . 
 they still had not figured out how he had escaped , although some details have emerged . 
 the police still believed he was in sweden . 
 probably in a cabin in a forest somewhere . 
 he surfed for a while and found about the same information on other news channels . 
 a few minutes later he was lying in his bed . 
 the memory of bus 4 and the email he wrote to his mother remained in the body . 
 he squeezed his hands . 
 held his breath . 
 pressed his fingers all he could against the top of his hands . 
 he heard music . 
 august had started his evening ritual that ludwig knew well after hearing it for several nights . 
 from the hallway he heard dark classical music . 
 august played the same every night . 
 it always began with the moonlight sonata , continued with kindertotenlieder by mahler . 
 eventually a really indigestible thing of rachmaninov played in the castle . 
 if august had not been low before the music , he most definitely became low when the last note was played . 
 the opening routine was always the same . 
 then it was somewhat more varied . 
 it could be berlioz , brahms , bach and donizetti . 
 common to all the music was that it was never in major , always in a minor key . 
 ludwig 's heart was pounding . 
 he felt as if someone was standing and struck him with a sledgehammer on the chest . 
 i remember one time when he said his heart was beating fast , he sat on the bed and said it went 600 km / h and he did not know why , just that he was afraid . 
 i looked at him and i could see how shallow it was , in the chest , i saw the shirt suddenly bolted . 
 ludwig tried to do some relaxation exercises a warder had taught him but he could not handle it more than one second . 
 couldn ´ t take lying in bed anymore . 
 stood up . 
 went back and forth . 
 his breath became shorter and shorter . 
 he knew what was building up . 
 like the vomit from the stomach into the throat . 
 he tried to fend it off but it was like fighting a tsunami . 
 after a while , he was certain . 
 he threw himself into the corridor . 
 ran with just underpants along the closed doors . 
 he fell and banged up a knee . 
 he quickly came back on its feet . 
 snatched up the toilet door . 
 locked . 
 he stuffed a towel in his mouth . 
 now it was here . 
 he screamed through the towel from the stomach . 
 from the toes . 
 his face began to boil . 
 veins in the arms popped up . 
 suddenly something grabbed his body . 
 a large hand turned and twisted his torso . 
 sank him underwater . 
 he could not breathe . 
 pictures of ella came on the retina . 
 with the first breath waves of pain swept through him . 
 it was like electric eels scalded each nerve fiber . 
 the body shaked . 
 the teeth shook . 
 he threw his arms around and thought that he would never make it . 
 to escape the pain he clenched his right fist . 
 he intended to repeat what he had done many times in the c building . 
 in order to divert the pain in the body , he tried to create more pain elsewhere in the body . 
 he sat on his knees in front of the toilet . 
 brought down the lid . 
 clenched his fist tighter . 
 raised his arm and pulled it back as far as he could . 
 then he struck . 
 the fist crashed against the porcelain . 
 he struck again . 
 harder and harder . 
 with all his power . 
 he beat frantically against the toilet bowl ´ s hard edge until the hand was covered in blood . 
 he became numb . 
 he tied his arms around him again . 
 slid into a corner . 
 rested his head against the cold wall . 
 -lsb- notes october 3 -rsb- the paintings i ´ m in vienna again , but the last days i was back to rome , then i took the train via florence and then back to vienna and hotel sacher . 
 during the train ride , i confirmed a few leads concerning the auction house christie 's . 
 in mid-may last year august purchased four paintings by friedrich , wilson , linnell and turner , which corroborates with what coetzee has written . 
 it doesn ´ t have much to do with the main story but it ´ s important that these little things turn out to be correct which prove the validity of the manuscript . 
 below is the painting by friedrich that august and ludwig talked so vividly and passionately about . 
 it ´ s the same painting that ludwig sees within himself when he rides past leipzig with the train : caravaggio it 's incredible how little is known about caravaggio . 
 despite his great fame today , who have come during the 1900s , the master was unknown after his death for several hundred years . 
 there are almost no good sources concerning the artist . 
 i 've conducted thorough research into the matter and talked with what i consider experts in the field and still i haven ´ t found anything good . 
 there are no sketches , it ´ s said that he made none , no letters , no inventory of his library or his residence . 
 there are only the statements of others , who were often his critics . 
 there is only one , just one , statement from him in which he speaks about another painter , a statement which in itself is pretty bland . 
 if it weren ´ t for his art , it would be as if he never existed . 
 concerning fillide melandroni i ´ m afraid it ´ s the same ordeal , she was a courtesan in rome at the same time , and it ´ s well-known that she was the model for many of his paintings . 
 some believe that they were lovers , others bitter enemies in the end , that she was the cause of his terrible crime . 
 the theatre i 've dedicated a considerable amount of time concerning the theatre . 
 a colleague from my alma mater was hooked on it . 
 i emailed him the other day and while i waited for his response , i searched for information on the theatre . 
 among the junk , i found several lists including one that some obscure company had compiled out of votes on their website . 
 had never heard of them , but the survey consisted of several hundred thousand votes : http://www.ancientlosttreasures.com the theatre ranked within the top ten with other sought after temples and treasures like the dracula treasure , the antwerp robbery , the amber room , the ark of the covenant and the pharaoh ramses ii 's treasure . 
 here is a picture of how the internet company believes that the entrance to the theatre looks like : corpus thoth fraternitatis indeed , there is a giant codex called corpus thoth fraternitatis that is said to contain the pilgrim ´ s path to the theatre , but it 's missing . 
 for long i mistook the corpus thoth fraternitatis with the corpus hermeticum . 
 hermeticum is from the mountain monastery in macedonia and is some sort of fragmented collection of thoth ´ s holy book that is supposed to be in the theatre while corpus thoth fraternitatis is a codex that the brothers in thoth ´ s brotherhood wrote , who were patrons and protectors of the theatre . 
 the brother ´ s corpus is said to contain the path to the theatre , a kind of pilgrim ´ s path that their brothers walked to get to the theatre . 
 the starting point of this pilgrimage is said to be in the corpus thoth fraternitatis . 
 its value is of course tremendous , even great for a man like mr. august iacobi . 
 after a few hours my old colleague replied and told me about a bookseller in florence that should have a few pages of corpus thoth fraternitatis . 
 i was over there on the way back from vienna . 
 hard to find , it was located near dante 's house , right next to a butcher shop that the family botani owned , the bookstore was called franzine . 
 i managed to find out that the bookshop owner actually had some pages . 
 she claimed that the pages came from the university of rome , from the law faculty and the pages were written in the 1600s but they were unreadable , encrypted in some kind cipher . 
 she was hesitant at first , but i offered her some money to just get to look at them under her supervision . 
 they were specially laminated and she took them out with care from a cabinet she had under the counter . 
 the first page was from the year 1602 and the second from the year 1604 , at least that ´ s what she claimed . 
 i studied the pages for several hours but they gave me nothing but confirmation that corpus thoth fraternitatis probably exist or have existed . 
 but it ´ s difficult to confirm what coetzee says of the corpus , because i don ´ t have access to august iacobi ´ s library . 
