 all characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 an unlucky reunion copyright 2014 odette c. bell smashwords edition cover art photo : red shoes 578foot . 
 licensed from dreamstime . 
 for free fiction and details of current and upcoming titles , please visit www.odettecbell.com an unlucky reunion chapter 1 i drummed my fingers on the steering wheel as i stared at the road signs before me . 
 i had my phone set to gps , but the gobbledygook instructions it suggested had already seen me drive into a field , a forest , and a freaking quarry . 
 apparently this town was so backwater even the modern age shied away from mapping it . 
 i craned my neck , narrowed my eyes , and crept forward in my hire car . 
 i was half on the verge , the tires crunching over the grass and rock . 
 i need n't have worried about obstructing the flow of traffic though , as there were no other vehicles around . 
 the road was dead . 
 because the town was dead . 
 in fact , it had never been alive . 
 wetlake city . 
 the place i 'd grown up and promptly escaped from once i had landed a driver 's license and my first paycheck . 
 well , now i was back . 
 reluctantly . 
 really , really reluctantly . 
 my family had long since moved away from this place , and i had no good reason to visit the scene of my uneventful childhood . 
 i had a bad reason though . 
 a rotten one . 
 a high school reunion . 
 i took my hand off the wheel for a second and flattened it against my head , pushing my shoulder-length mousy-brown hair out of my eyes . 
 ` oh man , ' i whimpered , blasting another breath up and against my face . 
 i hated high school . 
 i 'd hated it when i 'd had the displeasure of attending , and i still hated it now , all these years later . 
 yet i was still going to my reunion . 
 why ? 
 because my mother had convinced me to go , of course . 
 she 'd tried regaling me with stories of how much she 'd enjoyed her own reunions over the years , and when that had n't worked , she 'd appealed to my job instead . 
 ` just think of all the people you can watch and lives you can observe , ' she 'd said . 
 ` now 's your chance to find out if the popular kids in school made it or crashed and burned . 
 you 'll be able to study their successes and failures for your fabulous books ! 
 you 're always going on about how you 're over high school , well now it 's your chance to prove it . ' 
 i 'd tried to ignore her advice , but she 'd quickly won out . 
 in typical motherly style , she 'd appealed to my ego while offering a challenge . 
 i did spend a lot of time talking and writing about how much i 'd grown out of high school and grown up in the process . 
 i had a successful string of romance self-help books on the market . 
 in them , i often harped on about how important it was to move on from your past . 
 now was my chance to prove i could do that myself . 
 hence the hire car and the cynicism . 
 it took me a long time , but i finally found the right street . 
 wetlake was up in the mountains , near a lake-a wet one , funnily enough-and the city was like a damn rabbit warren of tracks and winding woodland roads . 
 with a bit of luck and a couple of foggy memories , i eventually located my motel . 
 i pulled up into the car park , and took my time before i yanked up the park brake and finally opened my door . 
 i took a sobering moment to stare at the motel before me . 
 drab , styled in shades of '70s brick cladding and brown , plastic window frames , it was an eyesore . 
 though i could have afforded to stay in better style , i 'd booked late , and this was the only place in town with any vacancies . 
 narrowing my gaze as i took in the ugliness that was the lake motel , i actually let out a snarl . 
 a quiet and private one . 
 whispering to myself to ` come on , ' i finally flipped the button under the dash to open the trunk . 
 taking angry , mincing steps , i grabbed my luggage and dumped it on the gravel . 
 before i could muster the courage to find the front desk to rustle up my keys , i paused again . 
 this time something caught my eye . 
 heels . 
 sparkly ones . 
 knock offs too , if i was any judge . 
 following the sparkle up to the legs , body , and face , i found myself frowning as something slowly clicked into place . 
 the woman who had caught my attention was wearing a seriously tight-fitting black dress that was pulled up on one side , and she had a small designer bag dangling off her shoulder , likely another knock off . 
 yet it was n't the clothes and their trade-mark-infringing origins that got to me , neither was it the sultry , dancer-like walk . 
 it was the hair . 
 the blinding blond hair that was backcombed and had so much body you would have been forgiven for thinking it belonged in an '80s music video . 
 a name came to my lips and pushed its way out in a harsh whisper , ` nancy . ' 
 holy crap . 
 the chick in the knock-off heels had to be nancy harrison . 
 the most popular girl in my senior class . 
 voted most likely to succeed , she 'd been the prom queen too . 
 she 'd ruled the roost . 
 she 'd gone out with denver and thorne scott-wetlake high school 's hottest brothers . 
 she 'd also spent her reign torturing me and the other kids who had never fit in . 
 wow . 
 before i could do anything radical-like running over to ask nancy whether a lifetime of stilettos had caused permanent skeletal damage-a car pulled up beside me . 
 i glanced to the side automatically , and then i stopped . 
 well gosh darn . 
 denver scott . 
 the denver scott . 
 i recognized him immediately . 
 of course i did . 
 i 'd only spent the majority of english class scribbling out his likeness on the back of my pencil case . 
 if nancy had been the undisputed queen of wetlake high , then denver was her king . 
 a freaking handsome one too . 
 not wanting to be caught staring at the guy , i neatened my luggage and then mucked around in the trunk as i surreptitiously shot denver a long , calculating look . 
 he was wearing a suit . 
 though it fit him well , it was a little too tight around the neck and pulled to the left a bit . 
 it was also a fairly run-of-the-mill style , and while the fabric looked sturdy , it clearly was n't from milan or paris . 
 tucking my hair behind my ears , i reached into my trunk and muscled my suitcase out . 
 as i straightened , i shot him another careful glance . 
 he was bigger-which was n't so much of a surprise considering i had n't seen him since our senior year . 
 denver had filled out though , grown up , and now had his fair share of fine wrinkles around his eyes and tucked in at the edges of his mouth . 
 if the dim light coming in from the room in front of us did n't deceive me , he also had a few flecks of gray glinting out from behind his ears . 
 this made me smile . 
 i 'd met too many men who 'd rolled out of bed at the tender age of twenty-five , only to shriek at the mirror when it had dared to show them their first hint of gray . 
 some fellas did n't handle aging well . 
 some did . 
 denver appeared to be managing the first wrinkles and greys of his creeping maturity in style . 
 though he was hardly that old at the tender age of thirty , the point was , he certainly was n't eighteen anymore . 
 before i could continue my in-depth analysis of the man , he hefted a single bag off the seat beside him , slammed his door , and walked off . 
 while i craned my neck to watch , he marched quickly across the scant lawn beyond the car park and ducked into the main office . 
 i stood there a moment , pushing my teeth into my lips , and then i finally hefted my luggage and followed . 
 far from being angry at the prospect of my impending school reunion anymore , i was now intrigued . 
 clearly , my mother had been right . 
 as long as i could keep a level head and remember i was n't actually in high school anymore , this could be a lot of fun . 
 i had n't seen any of these people for years . 
 who knew where their lives had taken them of if they 'd even made it out of wetlake ? 
 and far more importantly , who knew if denver scott was single ? 
 chuckling and muttering to myself that i was a very bad girl , i finally got my keys , found my room , and turned in for the night . 
 tomorrow the fun would begin . 
 before it could , i had to remind myself of one thing . 
 i was n't the same spotty , goofy teenager anymore . 
 i 'd changed . 
 it was time to show wetlake how much . 
 chapter 2 i got up that morning ready to go . 
 i did n't even have to wait for my phone 's alarm to go off ; i woke up with a start , my mind spinning . 
 it was the day of the reunion . 
 i was excited . 
 i had no earthly reason to be so , but i could n't deny the twist of nerves spiraling its way around my stomach . 
 i wanted to see how people had turned out . 
 i wanted to see if they 'd changed , or if i 'd been the only one to go off to reinvent myself completely . 
 jumping out of bed and not caring that i sent the blankets tumbling onto the floor , i padded over to my open suitcase and pulled out the black dress i was going to wear . 
 it had a decent neckline-nothing x-rated , but not something that would be passed around a nunnery either . 
 i had a pair of sensible , but still fashionable , low , suede heels , and a pair of sheer stockings to match . 
 i also had a nice woven cashmere shawl to top it all off . 
 it was going to be cold out there , after all . 
 though i tried to forget most of my life in wetlake , i remembered the cold . 
 this place was freezing . 
 even in summer it was liable to sudden snowstorms and winds that could lift the hairs on a scotsman 's legs . 
 i also knew the reunion was being held on the lawn just outside the school , hence the sensible shoes , stockings , and shawl . 
 i did n't want to freeze my ass off while engaging in stilted conversation with people i had n't seen since fourth-period chemistry class . 
 picking up my dress and flattening it to my chest as i caught my reflection in the mirrors covering the built-in wardrobe , i cast a calculating gaze over my appearance . 
 i was n't classically beautiful , but neither was i a lump of unloved clay . 
 i was somewhere in the middle . 
 which was exactly where you wanted to be . 
 feeling satisfied with my choice of outfits , i wondered into the bathroom and started to brush my hair . 
 once i was done , i patted my fingers across my eyebrows , giving them a careful look as i reached for the tweezers . 
 just as my hand hovered over them , i stopped . 
 i heard something from outside . 
 there was a small window lodged high into the wall . 
 it was right above the toilet , and it was open just a crack . 
 it 'd been like that when i 'd come into the room , and i 'd left it that way , figuring management rightly demanded their bathrooms have aeration . 
 well , now it was letting in the low mumble of a voice . 
 i could n't understand what was being said-the thick bathroom wall was in the way-but i could pick out something . 
 the tone . 
 it was an angry one . 
 fraught even . 
 i started to frown , and i turned towards the window . 
 i stared at it and took a forward . 
 as i did , the voice stopped . 
 just as i turned back to the mirror , tweezers still in hand , the voice started up again . 
 it was angrier than before . 
 my lips pulled down naturally as i teetered there on my tiptoes , trying to get as close to the open window as i could without daring to make a sound . 
 just as i got the brash idea to close the toilet seat and stand up on the toilet itself , the voice abruptly stopped , and i heard quick and heavy footfall leading away from the window . 
 i waited there anxiously until it was gone completely . 
 then i scrunched up my lips , plucked up my tweezers , and went back to what i was doing . 
 because it had just been a voice , right ? 
 likely someone having an argument on their phone , or a member of the motel staff venting where they thought no one could hear them-or something equally as innocent and trivial . 
 despite my enthusiasm to discount it , i found my mind going back to that strange incident as i dressed , ate a small breakfast , and finally found my way outside to my waiting car . 
 i even paused with my hand on the door before i clambered inside . 
 i stared up at the motel , then behind it to the pitching gray sky beyond . 
 there were clouds sweeping in off the mountains , all shades of navy blue and messy white . 
 no doubt rain was on the way , or snow or hail or the storm of the millennia , knowing wetlake city . 
 yet even the promise of inclement weather was n't enough to stop me from gently closing my door and heading off around the car park towards the back of my motel room . 
 curiosity was getting the better of me . 
 though the voice had been quick , mumbled , and decidedly angry , here and there i 'd been able to pick up the occasional word . 
 coming . 
 that 's it . 
 i did n't know if something was coming or someone was going to get what was coming to them , or if i 'd even heard right in the first place . 
 wrapping my red-and-gold cashmere shawl around my shoulders to stave off the wind , i made my way onto the grass that surrounded the motel buildings . 
 placing a hand on the brick wall nearest me , as i navigated through an uneven section of terrain , i could n't deny my heart skipped a beat . 
 i had no idea what i would find back there . 
 while my rational mind told me it would be nothing , my imagination fancied there could be anything from a moody woodsman to a disgruntled staff member defiling the walls with threats to their boss . 
 i was lucky my heels were n't too high , as i quickly found that the staff did n't upkeep the lawn past the front gate . 
 the grass was up around my ankles , and it concealed holes and rocks and quite possibly centuries of used beer cans . 
 as a frightfully chilly wind came racing in off the pine trees at the back of the motel grounds , i shuddered and pulled my shawl all the way around my shoulders . 
 then i reached it . 
 the back of my motel room . 
 i 'd had to count the half-open bathroom windows to insure i was in the right position . 
 now i took a step in , placing a hand flat on the wall as i surveyed it carefully . 
 i really did n't know what i was looking for . 
 there certainly were n't any people , and neither was there a handy transcript of the mumbled , one-sided conversation i 'd heard before . 
 for heaven 's sake , what was i doing ? 
 chiding myself and rolling my eyes , i took one last , flickering look at the wall and grass around it , and then turned sharply on my heel to walk off . 
 i stopped . 
 i frowned . 
 i leaned down , pushed the long , lush grass back , and plucked up a pin with a bright blue top . 
 it looked new . 
 how new , i could n't tell , but it certainly was n't covered in dirt , weathered , or rusted . 
 pushing my pursed lips into my teeth , i stared at it for a moment , then casually tossed it over my shoulder and went to head back to my car . 
 ` are you littering ? ' 
 i jumped about a mile , my heart practically popping in my chest . 
 ` jesus christ , ' i spat , turning to see a man making his way along the back of the building towards me . 
 it was n't management , and neither was it a lost and angry woodsman . 
 it was denver freaking scott . 
 i could have stood there for a full minute with my mouth open , reminiscing over how much i had crushed over that guy in high school . 
 instead i pulled myself together and straightened my shawl . 
 ` no . ' 
 i gave him a stern look . ' 
 i found the pin on the ground , and i returned it to the ground . ' 
 ` and what exactly are you doing around here ? ' 
 he was dressed in the exact same suit he 'd worn yesterday when i 'd surreptitiously stared at him from my car . 
 except in the daylight the effect was slightly different ; the greys and blacks of the wool served to darken his stubble and accentuate the dusty , dark look to his eyes , making him appear all the more rugged . 
 before i could swoon as my teenage dreams overcame me , i simply arched an eyebrow . 
 i was no longer in high school . 
 patti smith was a completely different girl to the one wetlake high had once known . 
 i was n't flighty , i was n't pathetic , and god knows i knew my rights . 
 ` well , stranger , ' i said , emphasizing the s like a hiss , ` if you must know , i overheard someone talking angrily outside my motel room . 
 and i thought i 'd come and have a look . ' 
 i told the truth ; i had no reason not to . 
 well , kind of the truth-denver scott was no stranger to me . 
 but i did n't want to introduce myself as patti smith , the supremely awkward girl from his english class , until the party . 
 i did n't want him to know i 'd recognized him . 
 i certainly did n't want him to know that i had his likeness sketched crudely into a pencil case for reference . 
 denver paused . 
 as he did , his lips thinned out , and one side tugged down in a half frown . 
 ` what kind of an argument ? ' ' 
 i do n't know ; i did n't really hear . 
 i guess they were on their phone or something , and thought the back of the motel was a private place for a rant . ' 
 i shrugged my shoulders , but i was sure to keep one eyebrow raised the entire time . 
 ` now , if you 're done here , you can either introduce yourself , or maybe i should get out of your way so you can continue to stalk the backyard of the motel , looking for strangers to relentlessly question . ' 
 i flashed him a hard smile . 
 it was a strange smile too , but purposefully so . 
 it was neither totally sarcastic , nor entirely friendly . 
 it was somewhere in between . 
 it was a move designed to get someone 's attention and to keep it . 
 it worked . 
 denver stared at me , his eyebrows crumpling . 
 ` do i know you ? 
 are you here for the reunion ? ' 
 i waited for a few seconds , then shrugged . 
 ` yes you do , and yes i am . 
 but as i said - ' before i could try to insult the guy again , his eyebrows just crumpled further . 
 then he clicked his fingers as a spark of recognition lit up his eyes . 
 ` you 're nancy , right ? 
 have you died your hair ? ' 
 i snorted . 
 big time . 
 and i did n't care that it was a seriously unattractive noise . 
 nancy was an ice-blonde . 
 she was a good few feet taller than i was . 
 she had legs that went on forever and a laugh that could shatter glass . 
 denver had also dated her for several months during our senior year , before she 'd unceremoniously moved on to his brother . 
 ` no , ' i let my lips form slowly around the word . 
 i had no idea whether denver was taking the piss or whether all that high school football had resulted in lasting brain damage . 
 ` stacy then ? ' 
 he tried again . 
 stacy was a bombshell . 
 she was also brunette , like me . 
 that was the only similarity we shared , however . 
 she 'd been one of the most popular girls in all of high school , and had only played second fiddle to nancy herself . 
 i was n't sure if i should be dumbfounded or flattered . 
 was denver playing with me , or did he really have such a shoddy memory for detail ? 
 ` wrong again ? ' 
 he questioned when i did n't slap my hands together and compliment his detective skills in the strong southern drawl stacy was famous for . 
 i nodded , fixing my shawl as another wind came in off the pine trees . 
 ` then you 're going to have to help me out here . 
 i swear you look familiar-i just ca n't place you . ' 
 i wanted to string this out ; i wanted denver to go through every girl in high school until he realized i was patti , but i did n't have the time . 
 plus , it was freezing out here . 
 ` patti smith , ' i said with completely no fanfare . 
 then i passed him and proceeded to make my way back along the wall . 
 he turned , expression crumpling . 
 then i saw it : just a dance of humor lifting up his cheeks . 
 ` you mean the girl who lost her pants at the football game ? ' 
 though i was walking past him , i stopped . 
 i turned sharply . 
 i set my hands on my hips , and i unashamedly looked denver scott up and down . 
 i wanted him to see i was appraising him . 
 ` yes , ' i answered , my voice strong and without a hint of embarrassment , ' i showed all of our senior class my polka-dot underpants . 
 i did other things in high school , but let 's face it , that was most certainly my finest moment . ' 
 i gave no hint that i felt ashamed . 
 because i did n't . 
 i recounted that story to my friends , not to therapists . 
 i certainly did n't wake up in the middle of the night from dreams of going to school without any pants on . 
 i 'd moved on . 
 now i was going to move on again . 
 turning from him , i gave a short wave over my shoulder . 
 ` if you 're done questioning me , stranger , i 'm cold and i 'm going back to my car . ' 
 ` denver , i 'm denver scott . ' ' 
 i know that , ' i answered simply as i finally made it back around the side of the motel . 
 i headed to my car purposefully . 
 i half expected him to follow me . 
 he did n't . 
 instead he stayed around the back of the motel building . 
 perhaps he was being a good citizen and picking up my blue pin to throw in the bin . 
 i did n't dwell on it , and neither did i look back . 
 instead i got in my car , turned up the heating , and headed into town . 
 i had a couple of things to do before the reunion . 
 as i went to the drug store , grocers , and had a cup of tea at a little caf with a fine view of the mountains , i thought about the past . 
 i reminisced about high school , denver , nancy , stacy , even the disastrous football game . 
 from the flash of nancy i had seen last night , i could tell she had n't changed . 
 her high heels had gotten higher , and i fancied she had more than a few conquests under her fake designer belt to add to the scott brothers , but she would still be the same . 
 as for wetlake itself , my short walk around town had confirmed it had n't changed a bit . 
 there were still the same old stores , same old buildings , and same old weather . 
 even the fashion and the cars looked the same . 
 this place was stuck in a time bubble , like a fragment of history that would never give way to the present . 
 apparently some things never changed . 
 some things did . 
 me . 
 i was now completely different . 
 no longer small and insignificant , i 'd made a life for myself . 
 the people and embarrassments that had tormented my teenage years were now nothing but memories . 
 it was in this reminiscent mood that i finally arrived at the reunion . 
 if i 'd been searching the town and my old classmates for any sign of change , i would soon realize i 'd been looking in the wrong place . 
 in the space of the next few hours , my life would change . 
 abruptly , violently , and rather horribly . 
 chapter 3 i pulled up to my old high school with a knot in my stomach . 
 it was n't nerves , it was n't excitement , and it was n't hunger . 
 it was an old feeling . 
 a faint memory from my teenage years . 
 i 'd hated this place . 
 i 'd really hated it . 
 every hour spent in the yard , every minute spent in class . 
 i 'd barely had a single friend , but i 'd had my fair share of tormentors . 
 now i was back . 
 voluntarily . 
 undoing my seatbelt slowly , i took the time to force a slow and careful breath . 
 then i immediately got out of the car . 
 this memory and this feeling were old . 
 i 'd since replaced them with experiences richer and more rewarding . 
 to prove that to myself , i confidently grabbed up my purse , closed the door , locked the car , and walked across the car park . 
 i did n't flinch as i glanced up at the school , looking everything but glorious with its '70s brick cladding and brown roof tiles . 
 other people had already arrived , and i joined a steady stream of thirty-year-olds as we headed for the lawn . 
 everyone was staring around at everyone else , pointing out people they knew , hiccupping with laughter , mumbling , and generally looking entirely awkward . 
 i had n't said a word yet ; i was too busy watching . 
 with wide sweeps of my gaze , i tried to pick up everything . 
 from the look of the yard , to the dresses , to the suits , to the slate-gray sky above . 
 we all made our way out towards the lawn . 
 it was impossible to miss where the reunion was being held , because there were that many balloons , streamers , and posters that it would take a team of fifty a week to pick all the glitter and sparkle out of the grass . 
 there were several long tables set out on the lawn , covered in white linen tablecloths that were flapping gently in the breeze . 
 set on top were name cards , old photos from our senior year , piles of the yearbooks , and cheap wetlake high school memorabilia . 
 presumably we were meant to wander up to the tables , introduce ourselves , grab our nametags , and then mingle . 
 in fact , there was a tall , very smiley woman standing behind the tables waving people over . 
 she was in a bright-pink dress with a set of heels to match and lipstick the color of red candy . 
 she was beyond cheery . 
 she 'd tipped right over into mania . 
 i recognized her at once . 
 annabelle . 
 she 'd been the one to organize the reunion , and that did not surprise me in the least . 
 she 'd probably been planning this thing since we 'd all left high school , and was likely already organizing our next one . 
 she was the kind of woman who scrapbooked everything : every photo , every ticket to a concert , every letter from a friend . 
 during high school , she 'd been on every single committee and had joined every single club . 
 she gave a new meaning to the term sociable . 
 though i wanted to ignore her and head straight to the table holding the alcohol , she caught my eye and practically shrieked at me to come over . 
 she knew my name . 
 she knew i was patti smith . 
 she 'd tracked me down , after all . 
 ` patti , patti , i 'm so glad you could come ! 
 you said you could n't ! 
 but i printed out a nametag for you just in case , ' anabelle waved her hands around excitedly and loped around the table , her pink stilettos sinking into the soft grass with every step . 
 without warning , she threw herself at me and wrapped me up in the most enthusiastic hug i 'd ever received . 
 she even bounced me up and down until finally peeling back , squeezing her shoulders up , and grinning at me with as much tooth showing as a chimpanzee . 
 ` annabelle , ' i straightened up my shawl and tried not to look too shocked . 
 ` i 've read all your books , ' she suddenly admitted , taking a step back as she grinned again , ` and i ca n't believe you 're the same person . ' 
 i did n't know how to react , so i settled for an unsure smile . 
 ` well , i am . 
 i can draw up some dental records if there 's any doubt . ' 
 after an awkward pause , annabelle burst into peals of excruciatingly loud laughter . 
 ` yeah . . . 
 , ' i tried to join in , but my chuckles petered out quickly . 
 ` how many people have you told that i am - ' ` rich and really successful ? ' 
 annabelle winked and elbowed me lightly . 
 ` oh , i 'm leaving that for later . 
 you know , today is only the first get together . 
 just a chance for a chat . 
 the main event is tomorrow night . 
 then we 'll be handing out the awards . 
 i had them engraved myself , ' she winked conspiratorially , as if engraving was not something one admitted to in public . 
 ` awards ? ' 
 ` oh yes . 
 of course . 
 it will be just like the senior prom . 
 except instead of people guessing who will be the most likely to succeed , we already know , ' annabelle laughed again . 
 really loudly . 
 ` oh , ' my voice shook a little , ` oh . . . 
 that 's . . . 
 great , ' i managed through a swallow . ' 
 i know , ' annabelle grabbed my shoulder and squeezed it as she offered another rabid grin . 
 then she became distracted by her phone ringing , and waved at me one last time before loping off again in her stilettos . 
 i winced and let a slow breath of air through my locked teeth . 
 great . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was stand up in front of my whole senior class and be forced to make a speech about how rich and successful i 'd become . 
 i hated elitism , and the last thing i liked to do was draw attention to my wealth . 
 perhaps if i left now , no one would find out . 
 before i could turn and rush back to my car , i realized there was someone behind me . 
 denver scott . 
 he walked past me and grabbed his nametag . 
 hoping he had n't overheard annabelle 's chatter , i went to leave . 
 just as i yanked my gaze off him and that terribly rugged stubble , he cleared his throat . 
 ` patti , ' he handed me my nametag . 
 i hesitated , and then i took it off him . 
 after a long pause , i managed a barely audible ` thank you ' . 
 ` you thinking of ditching this already ? ' 
 he asked , very perceptively . 
 i cleared my throat and shifted my shawl around , still holding the nametag awkwardly . 
 ` you know you 're meant to put that on ; it 'll help people remember who you are . ' 
 denver fixed his own nametag to his shirt , managing to attach it neatly without even looking . 
 ` well ? ' 
 he prompted when i did n't react immediately . 
 who was this guy ? 
 where did he get off prying into my business and asking so many damn questions ? 
 i mean , i knew who he was , but who had he become ? 
 the denver scott i remembered just swanned around being good at sport and dating all the hot girls of wetlake . 
 ` so , rich and successful , ha ? 
 what exactly do you do , patti ? ' 
 he continued , undaunted . 
 it clearly did n't matter to him that i had n't said a word and had mutely accepted the nametag without a hint of enthusiasm . 
 he was steamrolling ahead with his questions as if he pried into people 's lives for a living . 
 i grated my teeth together . 
 ` you heard that ? ' 
 i asked carefully . 
 he nodded . 
 ` annabelle ai n't exactly quiet . 
 oh , by the way , i 'm denver scott . 
 we had fourth-period english together with mrs. fitzpatrick . ' 
 he tapped his nametag as he introduced himself and then offered me his hand . 
 one of my eyebrows inched up . ' 
 i know who you are . 
 we 've already established this at the back of our motel . ' 
 ` yeah , and you also established that i had two options : introduce myself to you or move on . 
 so this is me introducing myself . ' 
 i held his gaze and then finally deemed to hold his hand as he did all the shaking . 
 he had a warm , firm grip , and the kind of strong , large fingers that could wrap right around your hand tightly . 
 i had a thing for hands . 
 hell , i had a thing for arms , necks , jaws , eyes , and backs too . 
 right now i was well placed to appreciate that mr. denver scott sure had nice hands . 
 i was allowing myself to get distracted . 
 ` right , now i 've introduced myself , you probably want to know what i 've been doing since high school , right ? ' 
 he kept bowling ahead , still not caring that i had barely said a word to him . 
 ` i 'm a federal agent . 
 i live in washington , in a really shitty apartment , but it 's close enough to a nice park . 
 i like running , hiking , and being on the water . 
 i 've never been married , and i ai n't got no kids . 
 i do , however , have an enormous great dane called dane . ' 
 it was a lot of information to take in all at once . 
 i felt like we were on a speed date . 
 ` this is where you jump in and tell me all about your life , patti smith . 
 also , you still have n't put your nametag on . ' 
 i laughed . 
 i had to . 
 i was n't sure if he was joking or if denver had gotten really anal . 
 he was a federal agent , so perhaps it was the latter . 
 suddenly his behavior behind the motel no longer seemed as strange , neither did his constant barrage of questions . 
 denver scott appeared so practiced at prying into people 's lives , because he was . 
 a federal agent , ha ? 
 ` patti ? ' 
 he prompted again . 
 ` fine , damn , you do n't allow a girl a moment of silence , do you ? 
 you want to know all about me ? 
 well there is n't much to tell . ' 
 he gave a short laugh . 
 ` except that you clearly left wetlake , completely reinvented yourself , and have returned a new , rich , and successful woman . 
 so what do you do ? ' 
 ` you do n't stop , do you ? 
 i see you question people for a living , but i 'm not in trouble now , am i ? ' 
 ` you 're pretty good at dodging questions , patti . 
 or would you prefer i call you pat ? ' ' 
 i do n't remember you being this pushy , denver . ' 
 i was still holding onto my nametag , thumbing the edge of the plastic and tracing my fingernails over the pin at the back . 
 he laughed again . 
 it was a brusque , quick move , as if the man simply did n't have the time to find anything too funny . ' 
 i find pushy gets things done . ' 
 my lips crinkled in with a very specific kind of smile . 
 ` what makes you think you 're going to get to do me ? ' 
 yep . 
 i actually said that . 
 patti smith , the awkward girl from high school , had gone away and become spunky . 
 denver coughed quickly . 
 before he could say anything or heaven forbid start to blush , a man walked up behind him and clapped him squarely on the shoulder . 
 ` denver ! ' 
 denver turned , and it gave me just the opportunity i was looking for . 
 ducking towards the table , i tucked my nametag down underneath someone else 's , and then promptly scooted off . 
 during high school i would have given anything to talk to denver , anything . 
 in fact , i remembered making silent pacts with god , the devil , hecate , my ceiling , or anything that would listen . 
 i 'd been prepared to give up my cassette player and my electric green wristband for a bit of attention from the finest scott brother . 
 now here i was , running away from the guy . 
 before i could run all the way back to my car to hightail it out of wetlake , i began to mellow . 
 my mother 's words started echoing in my ears , and i soon became fascinated by the people around me . 
 with a little bit of effort , i could recognize them all . 
 some had become fat ; some were now thin . 
 some looked unchanged , and some looked like they were already fifty . 
 all too soon i found myself grabbing up a wine and chatting to a girl who 'd flunked out of chemistry , only to go on to be an astrophysicist . 
 then i met a couple who had been high-school sweethearts and now had five children , with a sixth on the way . 
 i met teachers , nurses , stay-at-home mums and dads , chefs , architects , shop assistants , and even a news anchor i 'd vaguely seen on tv . 
 despite my assertions otherwise , my classmates clearly had changed . 
 apparently i was n't the only one who 'd grown up , landed a job , and moved on from the football game . 
 i mingled for a few hours until i found myself pinned in a corner by a rather ruddy man who 'd had a few too many beers . 
 ` where 's your nametag ? ' 
 he slurred my way as he gestured at me over the top of his beer . ' 
 i burnt it and buried it in the yard , ' i quipped dryly . 
 he looked confused , and then proceeded to peer at me , narrowing his bloodshot eyes in what looked like a concerted effort at concentration . 
 he would be lucky if he did n't strain something , but all too soon , his eyes widened with recognition . 
 ` hey , hold on , are n't you that girl from high school ? ' 
 i took a long moment to look from the left to the right , waiting for him to clarify . 
 he did n't ; he simply took another swill of his beer then shrugged his shoulders . 
 ` well ? ' 
 he prompted me . 
 ` we 're all from high school . 
 this is the wetlake city high school reunion , ' i made my voice slow and clear , and was ready to draw out paper and pen from my purse in case i had to scribble pictures for the guy . 
 he was clearly tanked already , which was quite an achievement considering it was n't even two o'clock yet . 
 one of his lips kinked up . ' 
 i knew that . 
 but are n't you . . . 
 oh yeah , ' he suddenly shot me a snide smile . 
 i allowed one of my eyebrows to press up slowly . 
 i knew what was coming next . 
 ` holy crap , yeah , i remember now . 
 you 're the geek from the football game . 
 the chick who lost her pants in front of the whole class . ' 
 he was now snorting with laughter , one of his nostrils kind of flapping back and forth with the force of his move . 
 needless to say , it was unattractive . 
 manic even . 
 ` you must be so embarrassed ; i bet everyone is bringing up that story , ' he actually thumbed away a tear of laughter . 
 i did n't react . 
 i waited until his fits of laughter died down , and then i shot him a smile . 
 a killer smile . 
 one that i let spread slowly and deliberately across my lips . 
 i 'd been dealing with this story all day , though thankfully most of my class mates were now discrete enough and mature enough to talk of grownup things like finance and wine instead . 
 this guy , however , was not . 
 he appeared gleeful in his attempt to rub my nose in a past mistake . 
 he was about to realize he was walking into a trap . 
 his eyebrows crumpled for a second . ' 
 i bet you 've never lived that down , ' he tried again , though with a heck of a lot less bluster . 
 he obviously knew something was up ; i was n't reacting how i should be . 
 ` how did it even happen ? ' 
 he gave another laugh , but his heart was no longer in it , and it tapered out with a nervous hiccup-sound at the end . 
 i kept my killer smile on my lips , and then let my hair trail over my shoulder as i slowly inclined my head to the side . 
 he gave one more hiccup-like laugh , but it was nervous and short . 
 i replied with a slow blink , taking the time to insure my eyelashes touched . 
 ` i . . . 
 ah , ' he began . 
 he 'd lost . 
 it was as simply as that . 
 he 'd started off trying to insult me by rubbing my nose in a past shame , but now he was sipping at his beer awkwardly as he kept shooting a distracted glance at my smile . ' 
 i got over it by growing up , ' i pushed my lips higher and wider , letting my eyes sparkle as i did , ` and now i take my pants off only when the company is right . 
 nice talking to you . ' 
 i gave him a quick wave . 
 ` and that 's a lovely suit , ' i added as i turned , brushed my hair over my shoulder , and walked off . 
 though the party was loud , i was certain i heard him splutter . 
 that was the second guy i 'd made splutter today , and the party was only just getting underway . 
 as i found a rare section of sunny grass and sipped at my wine in silence , i got a tad thoughtful . 
 and what did i think of ? 
 oh , a certain football game all the way back in my senior year . 
 chapter 4 withdrawing into the silence of my memories , i did n't hear someone walk up behind me . 
 ` you still do n't have your nametag on , ' a man said as he approached . 
 i did n't need to turn to find out who it was ; there was only one person at this party who was so fixated on nametags . 
 i flashed a quick and not-so-friendly smile as i turned . 
 ` denver , are you back to question me senseless ? ' 
 ` this is not me questioning you senseless , patti , believe you me . 
 should i ever want to extract information from you , i 'll be very effective . 
 this is me socializing . ' 
 ` and this is me going for a walk , ' i waved at him as i headed out over the grass . 
 ` are you running away again ? ' 
 he trotted up behind me . 
 ` no , i 'm just taking a stroll through my old school grounds . ' 
 ` you do n't seem the type to feel nostalgic . 
 in fact , you look like the type to advise people never to live in the past . ' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 that line sounded familiar . ' 
 i imagine you would advise people to stop living in their memories and start living in the real world instead , ' he continued . 
 though i 'd picked up a healthy pace as i stalked across the lawn , denver matched it easily . 
 he was like a bad dream i could n't shake off . 
 which was highly ironic considering he had been my perfect dream all through high school . 
 when i 'd imagined denver scott , i 'd conjured up pictures of oiled muscles and sultry glances , not a constantly questioning fly in a suit buzzing by my ear . 
 ` hold on . . . 
 , ' i slowed down . 
 a tight breath caught my chest , and my shawl slipped a bit , revealing my stylish neckline . 
 denver dropped his gaze for a second , and then looked back at me pointedly . 
 ` i 've read your books . 
 okay , no , i read excerpts of them off the net . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` you 're lara scott , right ? 
 famous self-help author ? 
 you live in d.c. with two dogs and a goldfish ? ' 
 ` h-how the hell do you know that ? 
 i write under a pen name - ' ` i 'm a federal agent , ' he answered with a completely even expression . 
 ` wait . . . 
 what ? 
 you used some fancy government database to look me up ? 
 did you hack into my tax files ? ' 
 he kept that perfectly blank look on his face for a few more seconds , and then broke into a full grin . 
 laughing , he shoved his hands into his pockets . 
 ` hacked into your tax files ? 
 i 'm not in the movies . 
 no , i just used my questioning skills to ask annabelle , and then i looked you up on my phone . ' 
 my mouth dropped open and it stayed there until i forced myself to give a proper cough . 
 ` well - ' ` yeah ? ' 
 christ , i did n't remember denver being this annoying in high school . 
 either i 'd been oblivious-which was entirely possible-or the guy had changed , big time . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i wanted to tell him off for looking me up , but i figured that would just elicit yet more questions from him . 
 instead , i turned , shook my head , and marched off towards the front of the school . 
 there was a lovely , large rose garden just before the front door . 
 it was the only feature of wetlake high that i liked . 
 many a walk home from school had started with taking the time to sniff the roses . 
 well , now a strange , tangy scent was filling the air instead . 
 it smelt a little like expensive cologne mixed with a sharp , chemical smell . 
 ` is there any reason you 're following me ? ' 
 i finally challenged denver as we headed straight for the school doors . 
 ` yep . 
 i 'm trying to avoid the rest of the people at this party . 
 i never really wanted to come ; my mother forced me to . 
 i personally ca n't think of anything worse than going back to high school . ' 
 i slowed down . 
 despite the fact i still wanted to be irritated at the guy , i flicked my gaze over to him . 
 he did n't look like he was lying . 
 ` what ? 
 you think i 'm joking ? 
 you think you 're the only one who wanted to get away from this place ? ' 
 ` hold on , everybody loved you in high school . 
 you were the most popular guy , you got great marks , and everyone was dead sure you would go on to become an astronaut , then the president , and then emperor of the universe . ' 
 he snorted , and he sounded mildly pissed . ' 
 i do n't want to be an astronaut , and i could think of nothing worse than going into politics . 
 as for emperor of the universe , i 'm sure it pays better than working for the government , but i bet the dental plan is lousy . ' 
 i now came to a full stop . 
 i was standing near the rose bushes , and though the front doors to the school were just behind me , i no longer made a dash for them . 
 denver had caught my attention . 
 ` you look surprised , patti smith . 
 you want to know a secret ? 
 i hated high school , and i hate being back here . 
 you may be fine with people bringing up your moment at the football game , but i loathe hearing stories about my past . 
 i felt like punching the last guy that reminded me of my stupid antics , conquests , and awards . 
 i was a shit in high school . 
 i 'm not proud of the girl 's i jilted and the stories i spread . 
 i have moved on though , so why the hell ca n't everyone else ? ' 
 i pressed my lips together , and i calmed the hell down . 
 denver was not acting . 
 he clearly hated being here far more than i did . 
 while my life had been only on the up since high school , no matter what denver had achieved , it could n't measure up to the heights that had been imagined for him . 
 ` you want to walk around the back of the school , and then surreptitiously make our way to the car park ? ' 
 ` ah - ' before he could ask whether i was propositioning him , i tutted . 
 ` calm down . 
 i was n't going to suggest we have a quick snog behind the gym . 
 i figure we can leave , and then maybe i can buy you a coffee and offer you some advice about moving on ; i do write self-help books , after all . ' 
 he let out a snort . 
 thankfully , it seemed to lift his soured expression . 
 ` you know , patti , you 're kind of arrogant . ' 
 ` oh no , confident . 
 plus , you 're really pushy and kind of a jerk . 
 so i figure we 're even . ' 
 he snorted again . 
 i waved him on as i took a step forward . 
 as i took another step , something stuck to my heel . 
 i was standing on the gravel that surrounded the rose bushes . 
 i looked down and lifted my heel . 
 red . 
 raising my chin , i saw a trail of it leading up to the rose bush . 
 ` what the - ' i began . 
 then i screamed . 
 loudly . 
 i also jerked backwards , as if i 'd been shot . 
 there was a body , covered in blood , thrown under the rose bushes . 
 i kept stumbling backwards until my heel snagged on the gravel , my knee twisted in , and i fell back . 
 i did n't hit the ground . 
 denver wrapped his arms around me and propped me up . 
 ` patti ? 
 what the hell 's wrong ? ' 
 my whole body felt cold as blood drained from my face and limbs . 
 i was shaking and my mouth was achingly dry . 
 i could n't move my eyes ; i could n't even blink . 
 my gaze was fixed on the rose bushes and the bloody body within . 
 i could see torn pants , a blood-soaked shirt , and two shoes covered in mud . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 denver demanded again . 
 ` th-there 's . . . 
 there 's a dead body in the roses . ' 
 ` what . . . ? 
 fuck , ' denver jerked away from me and took several rushed steps forward . 
 without hesitation , he dropped to his knee and angled his head forward . 
 i watched it bob out of view behind the leaves as he surveyed the corpse . 
 ` oh god , ' he said in a whisper . 
 everything was happening so fast . 
 my heart was in my throat , and my hands were slicked with sweat . 
 ` go and get my brother , ' denver jumped up and took several steps back , only turning from the body at the last moment . 
 ` he 's a local police officer . 
 patti ? ' 
 i was staring at the body . 
 i could n't shift back , and god knows i could n't close my eyes . 
 i heard denver pull out his phone , and listened as he called the police . 
 then he walked up to me and pulled me back with a gentle hand on my shoulder . 
 after that , all hell broke loose . 
 people came to check out the scream they 'd heard , and pretty soon denver was holding back a line of gawking onlookers . 
 at some point , denver sat me down on the steps of the school , furled his jacket around my shoulders , and told me to stay put . 
 the police arrived , and i remember the lights of the squad cars as if they 'd been burnt into my retinas . 
 the rest of the day was a complete blur . 
 eventually i was taken to the local police station to give my statement . 
 at many points i was handed cups of tea . 
 yet finally i was allowed to go home . 
 that night i had the longest shower ever . 
 i stood there , under the rushing water , feeling the droplets banging against my shoulders , face , and neck . 
 i stared through my sopping hair at the white shower curtain , tracing random shapes through the steam playing up its surface . 
 once i was out i did n't even bother drying my hair ; i simply flopped down on my bed . 
 with wide-open eyes , i stared up at the ceiling and tried to come to terms with what had just happened . 
 i had overcome a lot in my life , and i had achieved far more . 
 this was different . 
 for the love of god , there had been a dead body in the rose bushes . 
 with that haunting thought chasing through my mind , i finally closed my eyes , and somewhere around midnight , i fell into a restless sleep . 
 chapter 5 i woke up to a persistent knock at the door . 
 feeling exceedingly sleepy and perfectly irritable , i flopped a hand over my face and whispered for them to go away . 
 when they did n't , i chucked the covers off the bed and stamped over to the door . 
 ` yes ? ' 
 i snapped . 
 i had no idea who would be knocking on my door at this time in the morning , but i figured it could n't be the police . 
 i assumed that at least they would announce themselves ; whoever was knocking mercilessly on my door had n't yet said a word . 
 ` yes ? ' 
 i snapped again , finally leaning over and undoing the lock before yanking the door open . 
 i expected to face management , or maybe some brash kid out for kicks , trying to stop disturbed women from getting their beauty sleep . 
 i saw nothing . 
 nothing . 
 there was nobody there . 
 at first confusion swelled and broke against me like a powerful wave over the shore . 
 had i just imagined that knock ? 
 had the murder yesterday affected me so much that i was now hallucinating ? 
 before i became totally scared at the state of my own mind , i looked down . 
 there was something just in front of my doorstep . 
 something blue and shiny . 
 i 'd seen it before . 
 it was a pin . 
 sinking my teeth hard into my bottom lip , i placed my hands on my knees and gently lowered myself down . 
 with a hesitant move , i plucked the pin up and twirled it around in my fingers . 
 was it the same pin i had seen outside the back of the motel yesterday ? 
 or was this just . . . 
 a coincidence ? 
 i had no idea what to think , and considering the current state of my mind , every thought centered on murder , depravity , and danger . 
 a sudden sweat racing across my brow , i jerked up a little too quickly , tucking the pin nervously into my hand . 
 before i could turn and rush back to bed and hide under the covers , i heard someone clear their throat . 
 i snapped my head around quickly . 
 it took me a moment , but i saw denver walking cautiously across the car park towards me . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 he asked , without so much as a hello . 
 though i 'd only become reacquainted with denver scott in the past twenty-four hours , i was starting to realize this man did not have any time for pleasantries . 
 working as an agent for the fbi had obviously sapped that right out of him . 
 every breath he took was accompanied by a question or an accusation . 
 rumbling through his tone right now were both . 
 i stiffened defensively , the pin still tucked away and hidden firmly by my palm and fingers . 
 denver walked all the way up to me , casually jumping the distance from the gravel of the car park to the concrete step of the motel porch . 
 when he finally reached my door , he gave a low nod . 
 while it was n't affable , it certainly was n't as determined and cold as most of his other movements were . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 i gave a heavy swallow , shrugged my shoulders , and let my gaze drift towards the floor . 
 okay ? 
 were you meant to be okay after you had seen a murder ? 
 that guy had been mangled in the bushes . 
 though i had n't seen the body up close , i had seen the blood . 
 i 'd stepped in it . 
 i was n't okay , that was the short answer ; the long answer was that i had no idea when or if i would be okay again . 
 maybe i let my complex , horrid emotions play across my face , because denver softened his expression once again . 
 he stared at his feet , and then finally glanced my way . 
 ` james wood . ' 
 i looked up at him . 
 what was that meant to mean ? 
 had he already forgotten my name ? 
 before i could ask him , he let out a tense breath through his clenched teeth . 
 ` that was the name of the man . . . 
 , ' he could n't look at me . 
 in the rose bushes . 
 god , he did n't have to finish off his sentence ; in that moment , a cold , dreadful sweat broke across my entire back , and my whole body gave the most violent of shudders . 
 that memory was still so guttural and fresh ; it felt as if someone had carved it into my very heart . 
 though that sounded corny , it was the truth . 
 i 'd never experienced something so inescapable before . 
 i found myself nodding , entirely too quickly , and for entirely too long . 
 denver gave another harsh swallow . 
 he brought his hand up and began by rubbing the bridge of his nose , and then he sighed heavily and flopped it across his hair , tracing it over the back of his head and letting it drop finally to his side . 
 ` it was in the paper this morning . ' 
 i nodded again . 
 then i stopped nodding . 
 i narrowed my eyes sharply . 
 james wood . 
 i knew that name . 
 it hit me in a rush . 
 he 'd been in my english class and my history class too . 
 a fairly garrulous kid , he 'd always been getting into trouble . 
 he 'd never done anything too dumb , though . 
 while he had been a bit of an idiot , he 'd been a relatively harmless one . 
 he would have stepped on a few toes , and god knows he would have broken a few hearts , but that was all in the past . 
 now he was dead . 
 ` according to the article in the paper , the investigation is still undergoing , ' denver continued , glancing over my shoulder at my open door . 
 ` would n't you know that anyway ? 
 are n't you . . . 
 doing the investigation ? ' 
 he flicked his gaze quickly down . 
 it lingered over what i was wearing for a short moment before he shook his head . 
 i was still in my pajamas , was n't i ? 
 i 'd kind of forgotten that . 
 considering the night i 'd had , i had n't thrown on anything special for bed . 
 i was in an old pair of gray shorts and a tattered black singlet . 
 in the right mood and the right lighting that could be attractive . 
 when you were feeling bedraggled and overcome , it was n't . 
 ` this is n't my jurisdiction , ' he said calmly , ' i found the body and i gave my statement-that 's it . 
 i am now out of the loop . ' 
 ` but is n't your brother a cop in wetlake ? ' 
 i began . 
 ` annabelle told me . ' 
 ` yes , he is , but he knows enough about police work to keep it to himself . 
 look , patti , i 'm sure they are going to do the best they can . 
 they 'll have the killer in no time . ' 
 my expression crumpled at that . 
 it seemed like a promise denver could n't keep . 
 rather than say anything to him , i found myself playing with the pin in my hand . 
 without opening my fingers , i rolled it around against my palm , careful not to cut myself , but aware of the sharp end as it traced against my skin . 
 denver dwindled into silence , and then he looked down at my hand . 
 ` what have you got there ? ' 
 he could not help but ask questions , could he ? 
 when i did n't answer immediately , he nodded his head down at my hand . 
 ` why were you out on your porch . . . 
 in your pajamas , at this time in the morning ? ' 
 there he went again , with all of his darn questions . 
 while denver had the kind of looks that would see him land a career in film or modeling , he did not have the personality to match . 
 his persistence was as irritating as it was childlike . 
 no doubt when he 'd been a kid , he would have been the kind to pester his parents every moment of every day with questions about why the sun was round and why you could n't eat dirt . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 ` someone knocked on the door . ' 
 i had no real reason to lie to him . 
 plus , i got the distinct impression that if you lied to denver , he would just pester you even more . 
 the only way to make him go away was to tell the truth and run . 
 ` who was it ? ' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 ` they seemed pretty darn insistent . 
 they woke me up . 
 but when i got to the door , they were n't there . 
 maybe . . . 
 i was n't quick enough . 
 they must 've got bored and walked off . ' 
 his eyebrows descended right down to his eyes . 
 he did not look convinced . 
 ` what 's in your hand ? ' 
 i clenched my teeth . 
 for a brief moment , i wondered why on earth i had ever found this man attractive . 
 all of those classes spent scribbling out his likeness on my pencil case . 
 they had clearly been a waste of time . 
 for my teenage self had obviously not been intuitive and wise enough to see denver for what he was : the world 's most irritating man . 
 ` patti ? ' ' 
 a pin , ' i opened my palm . ' 
 a blue pin . ' 
 ` like the one you found behind your motel room , ' he pointed out immediately . 
 ` did you go around to pick it up again ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` when i opened the door , there was no one there . 
 but there was this pin . 
 i 'm not entirely sure how it got there . 
 it 's probably some coincidence . 
 maybe one of the motel guests had a whole box of pins . . . 
 and they dropped them , ' i trailed off . 
 my excuse was lame , after all . 
 again he did n't look convinced . 
 instead he jutted out his hand . 
 ` let me have a look . ' 
 it was n't ` can i have a look ' , or ` could you please show me the pin ' . 
 no , denver just pushed out his hand and looked ready to wrestle it out of my grip if i did n't give it up willingly . 
 i handed it to him , and then promptly crossed my arms in front of my chest . 
 it was for more reasons than one . 
 i was n't wearing a bra , my singlet was pretty old and threadbare , and goddammit , i was feeling suitably defensive . 
 who did this guy think he was running around asking questions and harassing women early in the morning ? 
 a federal agent , a rational part of my mind replied at once . 
 and it was a pretty good answer . 
 feeling irritated at myself and everything else in this blasted town , i pressed my fingers into my brow and pushed them up and down as i let my eyes flutter closed . 
 when i blinked one eye open , it was to see denver still staring at the pin , rolling it around his hand , and poking at it with one of his fingers . 
 i doubted it held the secrets of the universe , but considering the fixed attention denver was now giving it , you would be forgiven for thinking it did . 
 ` can i go back to bed now ? ' 
 i asked quickly . 
 denver glanced up at me . 
 ` you do what you want , patti smith . ' 
 with that , he waved at me briefly , turned , and walked off with my pin in his hand . 
 i stared at him as he wandered off . 
 from his shined shoes to his pressed pants to his particular stride , he was every inch an fbi agent , and in no way the dreamy high school crush i 'd once remembered so fondly . 
 that being said , he had a certain authority about him , and in just the right light , and at the right time , it was dammed attractive . 
 now was not the right time unfortunately . 
 i promptly turned , walked back inside my motel room , closed the door , locked it , and flopped face-first onto my bed . 
 chapter 6 at some point i drifted back to sleep . 
 i spent a few fitful hours rolling about in my pile of sheets and blankets until i finally forced myself up . 
 by that time , it was mid-morning , a point my belly reminded me of by letting out a resounding rumble . 
 shifting around until my arm was on the pillow and my fingers trailed through my hair , i briefly stared up at the ceiling before i forced myself out of bed . 
 it was n't until i bothered to get a glass of water that i realized there was no longer anything keeping me in wetlake city . 
 though the drinks on the lawn had only been the first stage in my high school reunion , the rest would have been canceled now , right ? 
 annabelle had planned a whole weekend for us , replete with drinks , lunches , and a final proper reunion dance at the old school hall . 
 well , now a dead body had cropped up in the rose bushes , and that had a way of really ruining a party mood . 
 placing my glass of water down on the table , i turned , walked back towards the bed , and poked my suitcase with my foot . 
 i could go . 
 so why the hell was n't i going ? 
 i 'd come back for the reunion based on my mother 's manipulation , but now i 'd seen what i had to , and i was within my rights to go home . 
 plus , i wanted to get as far away from this place and that murder as i could . 
 every time i closed my eyes , i saw the blood trailing through the gravel and dappled over the green leaves and white petals of the roses . 
 with renewed energy , i started to pack . 
 and by pack , i mean i shoved everything into my suitcase . 
 i did n't care if it was expensive . 
 i did n't care if i would have to iron it for a week to get the creases out . 
 i just crammed it in with all my force , chucked my suede high heels on top , and made an effort at neatening the bed , considering it looked like someone had performed an exorcism on top of it . 
 with suitcase and bag in hand , i opened my door and walked out . 
 it was a strangely sunny day for wetlake . 
 there were barely any clouds in the sky , and there was n't even a fell , chill wind racing off the mountains behind the motel . 
 i took this all as a sign that it was nigh time to leave . 
 the gods obviously agreed with my decision , otherwise they would n't have made a break in the weather for me to escape . 
 allowing the briefest of smiles to curl my lips , i shoved my luggage in the car , locked it , and wandered over to the front office to hand back the keys . 
 in my mind , i was already halfway across the country . 
 i wanted to be home so bad . 
 i wanted to crawl in the door , call my dogs to me , and flop on the couch to watch romantic comedies for an entire week . 
 opening the door to reception , i was met with a peal of high-pitched laughter . 
 i knew who it was way before i saw a flash of ice-blond hair . 
 nancy . 
 she was standing there , leaning on the reception counter , one elbow pressed flat into the old , chipped wood , as her bust practically covered the guestbook . 
 she was dressed in an extremely small and tight leopard-print dress . 
 i mean , i called it a dress , but in reality it was a handkerchief with a seam . 
 she had killer black stilettos on , and one of her legs hooked over the other as she continued to lean further into the counter . 
 there was a surprised , spotty teenager behind it , who was at eyelevel with nothing but leopard-print-encased cleavage . 
 adjusting my bag high onto my shoulder and feeling extremely proper-even though i was in tight jeans , boots , and a close-fitted blouse-i waited . 
 then i waited some more . 
 and then some more . 
 i could n't exactly tell whether nancy was flirting with the guy or just trying to waste everybody 's time . 
 i wanted to call what she was having with the teenager a conversation , but it was n't . 
 every now and then the poor kid would chuckle or laugh or even nod his head in agreement , but that was it . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 when that did n't work , i cleared my throat again . 
 yet no matter how politely i tried to get their attention , they would n't look my way . 
 slowly i started to get extremely irritated . 
 okay , who was i kidding ? 
 almost immediately i felt exceedingly pissed off . 
 not only was nancy wasting my time and using her leopard-print cleavage to stop the kid from doing his job , but this was . . . 
 inappropriate . 
 i was a self-confessed romance junkie-so i certainly was n't a prude-but for crying out loud , yesterday nancy had attended a school reunion where a classmate had wound up dead in a rose bush . 
 barely eighteen hours later , she was laughing , flirting , and continuing her life without a hint or sorrow or remorse . 
 ` excuse me , ' i finally interrupted , ` but i 'm trying to hand my keys back here . ' 
 the kid jumped up , and nancy turned on me slowly . 
 really , really slowly . 
 she arched her back , shifted her shoulder to the side , waited for her hair to trail across her cheek and neck , and then flicked her eyes my way . 
 she was not trying to seduce me ; she was shooting me the most languid , sultry warning i 'd ever received . 
 i stared back at her , my expression a crumpled , irritated mess . 
 without another word , i marched up to the counter , slammed my keys down on the wood , and nodded politely at the kid . 
 ` you have my credit card details ; charge me for two nights . ' 
 ` ah , yes , of course . 
 hold on , ' the kid-looking particularly nervous , flushed , and sprung-typed something on the computer behind the desk , and then cleared his throat , ` are n't you meant to stay for another two nights ? 
 we have you down on the system as staying until monday morning . ' 
 he coughed quickly . ' 
 i have to cancel , ' i gave him a polite smile . 
 though i could have gone on to explain exactly why i had to cancel , no doubt he knew the story . 
 wetlake city was a small town . 
 it had been a small town back when i had been in my senior year . 
 in many ways , it felt even smaller now that i had seen how big the rest of the world was in comparison . 
 news spread around a place like this like wildfire through dried scrub . 
 every single person would know what had happened at the school . 
 though denver had assured me this was a police matter , it would n't stay that way . 
 someone would tell their mother , who would tell their sister , who would tell their neighbor , then-hey presto-everyone would know . 
 so rather than explain myself , i nodded at him one last time and turned to walk away . 
 ` oh no now , you ca n't be leaving , not yet anyway ; the reunion weekend is meant to last , well , the whole weekend , ' nancy said as she flopped a hand my way . 
 straightening up , she towered a good few feet above me , helped by her ridiculously high and unsafe stilettos . 
 i arched an eyebrow and looked back at her . 
 was she really that clueless ? 
 had she blanked from her mind what had happened yesterday ? 
 ` your name is patti smith , is n't it ? 
 we had a lot of classes together . 
 now you must remember me ; i 'm nancy , ' she shoved her hand at me . 
 i was repulsed by it , because right now , i was repulsed by her . 
 but considering my mother had brought me up to be ceaselessly polite , i found myself accepting the hand and letting her do all the shaking . 
 then i let my hand drop to my side , and not so surreptitiously , i found myself wiping my palm and fingers on my jeans . ' 
 i know who you are , ' i forced myself not to be sarcastic , but it was exceedingly hard , ` unfortunately i 'm afraid i still have to go . 
 i assume the reunion has been canceled , and i really need to get back to work . ' 
 ` get back to work ? 
 now , now , i thought you were rich , patti smith ? 
 surely you can afford to have a weekend off ? ' 
 i stiffened . 
 would n't you ? 
 it was n't just the tone , and it was n't just the way she rested her elbow on the counter , leant her head to the side , and smiled at me . 
 it was everything . 
 it was the fact she was mentioning i was wealthy in the first place . 
 clearly annabelle had spread the news around . 
 ` it was nice to see you , nancy . ' 
 i turned to walk away . 
 she put a hand on my shoulder . 
 i say put-it was a sharper move than that . 
 her french-manicured fingernails dug into the fabric of my blouse . 
 ` patti smith , you ca n't have come all the way over to wetlake for your reunion , only to leave halfway through . ' 
 i turned on her . 
 i was done with being polite . 
 ` the reunion will have been canceled , nancy , ' i said , moving my lips slowly and making my voice as clear as i could . 
 ` james wood was found dead in the rose bushes . 
 you do know that , right ? 
 so you 'll forgive me if i 'm not in a mood to reminisce anymore . ' 
 ` oh no , you 're quite wrong ; the reunion has n't been canceled . 
 it 's just been moved . ' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 ` annabelle is holding a memorial for james , and everybody who cared about him will be there , ' nancy smiled . 
 it was a challenge , and it was a relatively clear one . 
 everyone who had cared about james wood would be at his memorial . 
 meaning that everyone who did n't give a shit about james and hardly remembered him would be callous enough to leave beforehand . 
 ` it is being held later today , and now you ca n't tell me that you 've got to rush off to get back to your work when this might be your last chance to respect the memory of one of our classmates . ' 
 as nancy stood there , her countenance changed . 
 she no longer looked so fake . 
 she looked calculating . 
 and it was a wholly scary thing to witness . 
 knowing full well i was being manipulated , i casually glanced at the kid and saw that he was watching the two of us with obvious interest . 
 presumably , it was n't every day that a leopard print cleavage had an argument with a customer . 
 knowing i was being indecently sarcastic and mean to nancy in my mind , i finally found myself doing something i should n't . 
 i gave a nod . ' 
 i will see if i can be there . ' 
 reacting almost immediately , nancy leaned over the counter and snatched my keys up . 
 handing them over to me , she dangled them in her fingers a few inches in front of my face . 
 raising both my eyebrows , i did n't snatch them back from her . 
 ` you 'll be needing these , sweetie , ' with that , she dropped them into my hand and turned back to distract the kid again . 
 my cheeks were hot , my heart was beating hard , and my teeth were so clenched that i would need a team of dentists to pry them open again . 
 yet without another word , i walked out of reception with my keys and handbag . 
 though i wanted to throttle something , and that something was nancy , i held myself together until i got all the way over to my car . 
 i opened the door , sat inside , rested my hands on the steering wheel , and gave out a low , barely audible scream . 
 i should never have returned to this stupid little town , and be damned if i would ever come back here again . 
 my mother had convinced me to attend my reunion , based on the allure of finding out what all my old classmates had grown into . 
 well the allure was gone ; the mystery had dried up . 
 the most popular girl in school had gone on from being a mild bitch to being a world-class one , and my teenage crush had dropped from being the best thing since sliced bread to being an exceedingly irritating ball of questions wrapped up in fine muscles and a cheap suit . 
 striking the steering wheel softly , i fumbled in my bag , grabbed out my keys , stuck them in the ignition , turned it on , and began to drive . 
 i was in half a mood to just leave and mail the keys back to the motel with a trite note explaining that i had been incapable of handing them back on the day because a staff member had been inappropriately distracted . 
 i ordinarily did n't like to get people in trouble , but today i was not myself . 
 yet instead of driving back to the highway and heading on out of town , for a while there , i just toured the streets . 
 i was usually the kind of driver who wanted to know exactly where i was going beforehand . 
 i hated the idea of turning down an unknown street to find myself in some dark side alley . 
 and when it came to wetlake city , while it did n't have side alleys , it sure did have creepy dirt roads that led to abandoned huts and cabins in the woods . 
 yet today was different . 
 today i just needed to drive . 
 so i did . 
 i was surprised by how much of the town came back to me while i was touring around the streets . 
 a glimpse of a house on a distant hill would bring up a memory of a time i 'd been walking with my father , or the old sign of a shop would remind me of some winter 's day spent trundling through the snow-covered streets , rugged up in every scarf and sweater my mother had managed to cram over my head . 
 with the stereo on low , i quickly realized i was driving to an old track that wound up into the ranges behind wetlake . 
 i had n't been hiking for years-i lived smack bang in the middle of a bustling metropolis-but the memory of the fresh air and the forests suddenly got to me with a pang of powerful nostalgia . 
 even though i was n't prepared in the least , did n't have proper walking shoes , and only had a half bottle of water in my car , i quickly reached the old dirt road where the track started from , pulled over under the trees , and jumped out of my car . 
 muscling my suitcase into the trunk , i grabbed my phone , shrugged into a jacket , and picked up my bottle of water . 
 zipping my keys into my pocket , i hid my bag underneath the front seat , and headed off along the track . 
 i was well aware of all the risks . 
 clearly the track had n't been maintained well , i was walking on my own , there were always concealed dips and holes just waiting to break your ankle , and hell , that was n't even to mention the wild animals . 
 yet right now , i need to get away . 
 so i did . 
 enjoying the sound of my shoes crunching over the dirt and twigs and stones and bracken , i took a deep breath of air and let it push hard against my chest . 
 there was always a musty , wet smell in the air , and it was something you never appreciated in the city . 
 sure there might be a park or two , and if you were lucky enough , you could have a few plants in a window box outside your kitchen sink , but there was something about being out in a forest that could not be replicated . 
 in a suitably nostalgic and dazed mood , i continued to walk . 
 though i fancied i could have tackled at least the first section up to one of the smaller lakes along the mountain range , i was n't that stupid , and within an hour or two , i promptly turned around and headed back to my car . 
 the walk was uneventful and exactly what i needed . 
 i did n't pass another soul , and though i occasionally heard the shuffle of leaves and the shake of a bush as some woodland creature darted away from me , fortunately i was n't set upon by bears or cougars or ax men . 
 feeling placid and far calmer than i had all morning , i was n't paying attention to the path ahead of me . 
 the path coiled like a snake through the dense forest , making it impossible to see too far ahead . 
 so it was n't that much of a surprise when i failed to see someone walking my way . 
 neither was it that much of a surprise when they rumbled out a quick ` hello , ' and it made me jump with fright . 
 back in high school , i 'd been renowned for being easily startled . 
 you could creep up on me , say hello , and i would jump off my chair and promptly fall in a pile by your feet . 
 yet i liked to think that now , as an adult , i was unflappable . 
 apparently i was n't . 
 i had n't been joking when i 'd said these woods were treacherous . 
 the terrain was uneven . 
 there were holes , dips , and short valleys-and god knows there were sharp cliffs to make it all the more dangerous . 
 you could trip on roots , boulders , even particularly tough sections of bracken . 
 as i jumped with fright , i stumbled . 
 i did n't stop there though . 
 as i pitched to the side , the ground gave away sharply to my left , leading down to a steep , rock-covered cliff . 
 as i scrabbled for purchase , i tried to grab hold of a section of bracken , but it did n't work . 
 i tumbled over the edge . 
 everything happened so fast . 
 just a flash . 
 i saw the sharp incline to my side , felt myself tipping towards it , and then it stopped . 
 or rather , i stopped . 
 somebody grabbed me . 
 that someone thrust their shoulder into mine , and then wrapped their hand around my middle , locked me in place , and easily tugged me back over the edge . 
 my breath was trapped in my chest , my heart was beating at one million miles an hour , and my mouth was so dry that i would never swallow again . 
 yet i did have the presence of mind to look up into the face of my savior . 
 at first , i did n't recognize them . 
 the jaw , the smoldering , pale-brown eyes , and the rugged cheekbones took me aback . 
 helping me to my feet , the man stepped to my side , still holding onto my shoulder with one large hand as he nodded my way . 
 ` you okay ? ' 
 ` thorne ? ' 
 ` that 's right , patti smith . 
 it 's me , thorne . 
 now you okay ? ' 
 dear god , it was the thorne scott . 
 the other brother . 
 i had n't had a chance to speak to him at the reunion , and had only seen him from afar , but now i indulged in the close-up look , and it took my breath away . 
 ` it 's pretty dangerous to walk these woods on your own . 
 i saw your hire car on the side of the road , and i decided to come and take a look . ' 
 he was dressed in a police uniform , and he took a moment to cross his arms as he looked me up and down . 
 it was not a smoldering look ; he was n't checking me out , or maybe he was , but not with any romantic purpose in mind . 
 there was a stiff , disapproving edge to his gaze , and he even followed it up by shaking his head . 
 ` do you know the number of unprepared tourists we have to save from these ranges every year ? ' 
 i clenched my teeth together , shifted my lips around them , and let out a tight breath . 
 ` too many ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 then those stiff lips of his finally turned up into a smile . 
 and boy was it a nice one . 
 it was the kind of move you only ever saw on tv or in the movies . 
 the kind of grin that would set a quick pulse of nerves traveling through your middle and end up making you a giddy mess at a guy 's feet . 
 fortunately , i managed to stay on mine for now . 
 i 'd already had enough tumbles for today , thank you-or at least enough tumbles in the dirt . 
 i managed a shy little smile at that thought . 
 thorne had n't exactly lived in his brother 's shadow throughout high school ; both scott brothers had been equally as handsome and equally as popular , and both totally out of my reach . 
 yet denver had always had an extra charming quality that saw him scoot just a notch above thorne in the desirability stakes . 
 well things changed with time , a fact underlined by how far down denver scott had managed to travel in my esteem . 
 ` do you need a hand getting back to your car , ma'am ? ' 
 i fancied i needed a hand , but not for that . 
 as i entertained that particularly dirty thought , i had to stifle a giggle . 
 yes , a giggle . 
 and let me tell you , i was not the kind of girl that giggled . 
 sultry laughs ? 
 yes . 
 bursts of seductive mirth ? 
 you bet you . 
 giggling ? 
 hell no . 
 i was n't in high school anymore . 
 i eventually managed to shake my head . 
 ` i 'm not exactly a tourist , thorne . 
 i used to walk these ranges with my father . ' 
 ` so you know all about the bears , the cougars , the treacherous potholes , the sudden cliffs , the snakes in summer , the loose boulders , ' he began . 
 i put a hand up . 
 ` yes , i know all about them . ' 
 ` how about dehydration and walking in unsuitable footwear ? ' 
 he glanced at my rather simple flats . 
 i bit hard into my lips and tried for a smile . ' 
 i know all about those too . ' 
 he nodded . 
 he did n't look convinced , but damn did he look charming . 
 ` well , patti smith , i 'm still going to ask you again-do you need a hand getting back to your car ? ' 
 ` why do i get the feeling that if i say no , you 're going to handcuff me and drag me back there anyway ? ' 
 he launched into another one of those smiles . 
 i say launch , because it was a sudden and powerful move . 
 those lips of his spread up , pushing his cheeks high into his eyes and making them dazzle all the more . 
 ` that depends . 
 if you make a move on me , i may have no choice but to restrain you . ' 
 damn . . . 
 there was some serious flirtation to go along with that smile apparently . 
 not exactly a rookie at this , i gave an appropriate smile in return . ' 
 i think i 've already got dirty enough for one day . ' 
 thorne let out a laugh , and i joined in . 
 ` so , how long has it been since you 've been back ? ' 
 he nodded at me . 
 ` to my car ? 
 about two hours . ' ' 
 i see you went away and you got a sharp wit , patti . 
 what else did you pick up in the big wide world out there ? ' 
 oh my , there were so many ways to answer that question : some honest and some downright seductive . 
 instead , i paused and i waited for the right answer to bubble up from my subconscious : ' a life . ' 
 ` now hold on a second , i think you already had one of those before you left . 
 or are you one of those people who hated high school so much any thought of ever returning to the dreadful scene of the crime is enough to curl your toes ? ' 
 i tried to look deliberately thoughtful . 
 ` well , it does n't exactly curl my toes , but i ca n't say i 've enjoyed the experience so far . ' 
 my voice bottomed out at the end , for obvious reasons . 
 visions of a dead body in the rose bushes came slamming back to my mind , and all ideas of flirting with thorne burned away . 
 a moment of silence passed between us . 
 ` are you okay ? ' 
 he managed as he stared at the ground only to look up sharply and dazzle me with those pale eyes of his . 
 ` if by okay are you asking did i expect to come back to the scene of my horrible high school only to find a dead body in the rose bushes ? 
 then no . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he answered simply . 
 he did n't ask me a question ; he did n't try to change the subject ; he just apologized and offered a low nod . 
 ` are you planning on heading out after your walk ? ' 
 ` do you mean to dinner ? ' 
 ` damn , patti smith , you went away and you got direct . 
 i did n't mean dinner , but a good police officer knows how to react to surprises . 
 there is a nice little vietnamese place behind the police station . 
 dinner aside , what i actually meant is are you heading out of wetlake ; are you going home ? ' 
 going home . 
 i seriously did want to go home . 
 in fact , until i 'd run into thorne , only to be buffeted back by his sheer attractiveness , that had been my plan . 
 a short walk followed by an exceedingly long drive . 
 now i teetered there on the spot with the promise of vietnamese making me second-guess myself . 
 ` it would have to be very good vietnamese to keep me in wetlake , ' i managed , ` because i ca n't say there 's much else to keep me here . ' 
 he brought a hand up and patted his chest , making it sound as if he 'd been wounded . 
 ` nothing else to keep you here . 
 now hold on there , patti , should n't you be enlivened by the opportunity to see how your classmates have changed and grown ? ' 
 ` if by enlivened do you mean attending all of these functions while everybody else gets pissed and they all start reminding me of the football game ? ' 
 ` have i have reminded you of the football game ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` plus , maybe you are judging them too harshly . 
 we did n't all run off from wetlake to make our fortunes . 
 you should cut us some slack . ' 
 though i 'd been smiling at him until that point , my expression suddenly soured . 
 he clearly saw it , because he put his hands up . 
 ` i 'm sensing that 's a touchy topic . ' 
 ` that 's very perceptive , officer . 
 i feel like annabelle has spread it throughout the entire school . 
 i honestly feel i 've come back to high school and everybody 's spreading rumors about me again . ' 
 ` so you 're not an incredibly successful self-help writer with two dogs ? ' 
 i looked at him pointedly . 
 ` you read my bio ? ' 
 he shook his head and laughed . 
 ` no , nancy told me . ' 
 nancy . 
 ` what , you do n't like nancy ? ' 
 ` she took a photo of me in my underwear at the football game , and spread it around the entire school . 
 she made copies for the people who had n't been able to get there on the day . 
 hell , she even made postcards out of it . ' 
 ` that was a long time ago . 
 people change . ' 
 ` and sometimes they do n't . 
 do n't you worry , officer ; i 've already had the pleasure of running into nancy again . 
 she does n't seem different to me at all . 
 except she wears a little more leopard print than she used to . ' 
 thorne smiled and shook his head . 
 ` she is okay . 
 you really should n't judge her too harshly . ' 
 i pressed my lips together and decided to drop it for now . 
 ` so , are you going to shepherd me back to my car and protect me from all the bears and cougars ? ' 
 ` and cliffs , you forgot cliffs , ' thorne pointed to my left at the sharp drop off that led to a stony scree and a section of forest far below . ' 
 i would have been fine if you had n't startled me . ' 
 ` of course . 
 and sorry , ma'am . 
 now , do you need any water ? ' 
 he nodded at my already empty plastic bottle . 
 i wanted to say no , but i did n't . 
 instead , i let him take off his pack and hand me some . 
 ` you came prepared , ' i noted through a swallow . 
 ` we always have a pack or two in the back of our cars . 
 there 's not much crime in wetlake , but there sure are a lot of people getting lost in the woods . 
 i was up here last week tracking down a man who 'd gotten turned around , and then the week before that a couple of british tourists who had taken a wrong turn and had n't been prepared . ' 
 ` and now you 're dealing with a murder , ' i said in a very quiet , hushed voice . 
 he did n't answer immediately . 
 instead , he looked sharply to the side , brushed a hand down his head , and shrugged his shoulders . 
 ` yes we are , ma'am , but i can not share any details of the investigation with you . ' 
 ` that 's what denver said . ' 
 ` denver ? ' 
 thorne 's expression crumpled slightly . 
 ` have you been talking to him ? ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` talking ? 
 no . 
 he 's been questioning me . 
 from the moment i saw him at the back of the motel , he has n't left me alone . 
 i mean , i ca n't say i remember high school perfectly , but i do n't remember him being like that . ' 
 suddenly i stopped . 
 denver was thorne 's brother . 
 i gave a cute smile . 
 ` sorry , i kind of forgot you two are related . ' 
 thorne shrugged his shoulders again . 
 ` it 's fine . 
 and you 're damn right ; denver does nothing but ask you questions . 
 you are wrong though ; he was like that in high school , just not around any of the other kids . ' 
 ` oh . ' 
 ` what were you doing at the back of the motel with denver though ? ' 
 a question . 
 just maybe all scott boys asked questions , but at least thorne did it with a rugged smile and a whole load of charm . 
 i could have strung him along , offered a secret smile , or giggled a little , but i did n't . 
 ` well , i was legitimately behind the back of the motel checking it out . 
 i heard someone shouting , and i went to see . 
 denver , on the other hand , followed me and then questioned me , and has n't stopped since . ' ' 
 i see . 
 you 've got to forgive him , patti ; he has a strange sense of justice . 
 he is also damn determined . 
 he does n't mean anything by it though . ' 
 i squished my lips against my teeth and settled for offering a shrug . 
 ` i 'll have to take your word for it . ' 
 we dwindled into silence as we continued to walk back . 
 it was n't particularly awkward though . 
 i did n't find myself clutching for questions to ask or anecdotes to bring up about our high school days . 
 i just walked beside him , enjoying the outdoors while occasionally slicing my gaze towards those muscular shoulders of his . 
 eventually we started talking about our lives . 
 reluctantly , i did confirm that i was a rather successful author and that , yes , i had two dogs , and then thorne filled me in on his life . 
 unmarried . 
 single . 
 police officer . 
 had never lived anywhere but wetlake . 
 amateur cook . 
 had a goldfish named stan . 
 that was it . 
 it was n't exactly the world 's most incredible resume . 
 i 'd met men who were investment bankers from switzerland who had family chalets up in the alps . 
 men who had traveled the world , who were pearl divers off the north of australia or lawyers in dubai . 
 with stories , with history , with experience . 
 yet that did n't matter . 
 because while thorne was n't wealthy and had n't traveled-and he still lived in wetlake , of all places-he made up for it by being equal parts sweet , rugged , and charming at the same time . 
 you would think that would be impossible ; there was something about sweet and rugged that did n't go together , but goddammit , it went together with this man . 
 it was like chili and chocolate ; the sweet drew you in and the rugged hit you over the head with a pow . 
 by the end of the walk , i was practically putty in his hands , and i was hardly ever putty in anyone 's hands . 
 i still had enough self-control not to throw myself at him , but as i opened my car and rummaged around the front seat for my handbag , i was sure to neaten my hair surreptitiously . 
 when i straightened up , thorne offered me a sharp nod . 
 i needed to wheedle that vietnamese restaurant into our conversation again to prompt his memory , and to get him to agree to a date . 
 yet before i could even mention it , he took a step back , waved at me , and pointed his thumb at his squad car . 
 ` i 've got to go ; i 'm still on duty . 
 but vietnamese , tonight , i 'll meet you there , say seven ? ' 
 i did n't want to seem too keen . 
 i tried to control my smile , but goddamned the thing , it seemed to have full control over my lips and chin . 
 ` that sounds great . ' 
 ` so does that mean you found something to stay in wetlake for ? ' 
 he toyed with me . 
 ` yes , vietnamese . 
 i 'm very partial to a fresh spring roll . ' 
 he laughed . 
 ` well then , seven . ' 
 ` seven , ' i repeated needlessly . 
 then i watched and waved as thorne scott walked back to his car , got in , wound down the window , nodded my way , and drove off . 
 i had n't been expecting that . 
 in my mind , my plan had been to have a calming walk through the forest , to head back to the car , to dump the keys at the motel , and to get the hell out of wetlake . 
 now my mind was rather occupied . 
 it was n't by the reunion , and it was n't by that mysterious and dreadful murder ; there was only one word and only one topic : thorne . 
 feeling a little giddy , i clambered into my hire car , waited there fixing up my hair for a few minutes , and then finally decided to head back to the motel . 
 it was probably mid-afternoon , and i would have to find some way of keeping myself occupied until seven o'clock . 
 driving back along those dirt roads , i felt conflicted . 
 i wanted to leave ; i wanted to stay . 
 i needed to mourn and process the murder , yet the thought of thorne and dinner tonight had complete control over my imagination . 
 it would n't last . 
 nothing ever does . 
 chapter 7 i pulled up into the motel car park reluctantly . 
 a part of me just wanted to move on and find somewhere else to stay , yet i already knew that every other bed and breakfast in town was already booked out . 
 it was this place or sleeping in my car . 
 while i half seriously considered that , i quickly realized i wanted another hot shower . 
 grumbling to myself , i got all the way to the front door of my room before i realized my suitcase and all my stuff was in the back of the car . 
 swearing under my breath , i turned sharply , lugged my suitcase out of the trunk , and dragged it up the steps to my room . 
 by the time i opened my door , i swiveled my head to hear footsteps ringing out along the concrete towards me . 
 it was denver . 
 of course it was denver . 
 and of course he was still wearing that exact same suit , that exact same tie , and that exact same half-frown . 
 i could tell just by the angle of his chin and the narrowed look to his eyes that he was about to march over to me to ask some more frigging questions . 
 before i could push my head back and sigh in exasperation , someone called his name . 
 ` denver , denver scott , oh my god , come here . ' 
 i shifted slightly to see nancy rush across the small lawn in front of the porch and practically somersault up the stairs as she tried to get to denver as quickly as she could . ' 
 i ca n't believe it 's really you . 
 i have n't seen you in years , ' nancy launched herself at denver . 
 denver was tall , but nancy was n't that much shorter in her towering heels , and she managed to get her arms around his neck easily . 
 ` nancy , ' he said in a surprised voice that was quickly muffled as her hair bunched around his face . 
 i found myself raising an eyebrow prudishly . 
 i have no idea why . 
 i was a woman of the world . 
 as a woman of the world , i understood that nancy was n't exactly something your average man turned down . 
 plus , she had legitimately gone out with denver in high school , and while i had a problem with her , i was mature enough to know that i was n't everybody . ' 
 i did n't get a chance to catch up with you at the reunion . 
 oh my god , how have you been ? ' 
 she leaned back , but tapped her hand on his chest as she spoke . 
 it was an intimate move . 
 and no doubt , considering how close she was , the sound of that nasal high-pitched voice would be shaking up and down his bones . 
 not to mention the scent of that perfume . 
 i 'd copped a whiff of it when i 'd gone into reception to hand back my keys , and it had hung in the air like a cloying shadow . 
 though nancy continued to smile at denver as if they were long-lost lovers finally reunited , he now managed to take a step back . 
 he neatened his shirt , pulled down tightly on his cuffs , and cleared his throat . 
 was it just me , or did he look uncomfortable ? 
 not just awkward , not just irritated that nancy had thrown herself around him with no warning , but exceedingly put out . 
 ` your brother said you 're now an fbi agent , ' nancy said , her voice dipping with obvious enthusiasm . 
 ` oh my god , that 's so amazing . 
 do you have a gun ? ' 
 i could n't help it-i had to snigger at that . 
 did he have a gun ? 
 what kind of question was that ? 
 the answer was a sultry , flirtatious one . 
 because on the word gun , nancy let her gaze drop , and while i could n't see what she was looking at , i doubted it was the side of denver 's hip . 
 though i ensured that my snigger was quiet , denver turned his head sharply and stared my way . 
 as he did , nancy appeared to realize i was standing there , and she turned to face me . 
 ` so you decided not to leave after all . 
 that 's very brave of you . ' 
 she smiled around her words , but there was no way she was being nice . 
 ` no , not brave , i just found something to stay for , ' i answered sharply , manhandling my bag and suitcase as i shoved the door open . 
 ` oh , you mean that award they 're going to give you at the reunion for becoming the most successful graduate of our class ? ' 
 nancy continued . 
 i stared at her darkly . 
 ` that is , if you measure success by riches . 
 i , myself , ' nancy patted a hand on her chest , and it made her cleavage wobble , likely on purpose , ` think that happiness , strong family ties , and the perfect relationship , ' she sliced her gaze towards denver , ` are what really matter in life . ' ' 
 i could n't agree more . ' 
 latching a hand on the door , i took a step into my room . 
 pausing to turn back to face her , i shot my gaze between the two of them briefly . 
 ` but i would add morals and decency to the equation . ' 
 with that , i shut the door . 
 okay , i kind of slammed it . 
 but what the hell-the motel already had my credit card details , and if i damaged the wood or the paintwork , they could just charge me . 
 dumping my bag on the bed , i was sure to shoot my windows a rather dreadful book . 
 fortunately the blinds were drawn , so i did n't have to put up with the view of nancy wobbling around in her heels . 
 realizing there was no earthly reason i should be allowing her to get to me-considering i was n't in goddamn high school any more-i made my way over to the bar fridge , rummaged around in it , and then promptly closed it when i found nothing edible . 
 grumbling to myself , i decided a shower was in order , and i kicked off my shoes and clothes , and headed into the bathroom . 
 i clambered into the shower , turned the water onto full , planted my hands onto the tiled wall , and closed my eyes . 
 i liked to think i did n't lead a complicated life . 
 in fact , one of the secrets to a good relationship was to avoid complex people and situations like the plague . 
 well right now , i was n't living by my own rules . 
 the smart thing to do was to leave . 
 okay , the fun thing to do was to stay until i 'd had some vietnamese with thorne scott , but to stay in wetlake any longer was stupid . 
 for the love of god , there had been a murder at my school reunion , and even if annabelle was mad enough to continue with the events planned for the weekend , it was n't decent ; it was n't right . 
 feeling exceedingly conflicted , i eventually finished my shower . 
 reaching over to the basin for the white fluffy towel sitting there , i began to dry myself . 
 i promptly stopped . 
 i stopped and i gave a scream . 
 there was n't a man in the bathroom with a knife getting ready to stab me , psycho style . 
 there was n't an enormous spider , there was n't a bear , there was n't a tiger-there was nothing you would classically find frightening . 
 what there was , was a postcard . 
 sitting on the top of the cistern of the toilet . 
 i recognized it immediately because it depicted me . 
 it was a photo of the exact moment when i had lost my pants at the football game . 
 it was just sitting there , and i was entirely certain that it had n't been there before i 'd jumped into the shower . 
 ` jesus , ' i said sharply . 
 i got out of the shower . 
 it was an awkward affair . 
 it was one of those built-in showerheads over a bath , but half the side had a frosted glass pane . 
 planting my hand on the edge of the pane , i clambered out . 
 i stood there , huddled in the towel , too frightened to walk out into the main part of the room . 
 then someone knocked on the door . 
 i jumped and gave another scream . 
 ` patti ? 
 patti ? 
 are you okay ? ' 
 denver . 
 shit , it was denver . 
 i was still soldered to the spot , but when he continued to knock , i finally found the courage to take several steps forward and beyond the door of the bathroom . 
 with the tensest moves i had ever made , i surveyed my room . 
 it was empty , apart from the bed , my luggage , and my car keys . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 ` it 's okay . 
 it 's okay , ' i said , relief rippling through my tone . 
 ` you screamed . 
 what 's happening in there ? ' 
 i walked over to the door . 
 i was in a towel , and my sopping-wet hair trailed over my neck and shoulders , but that did n't stop me . 
 because i was n't one of those dumb girls who did n't reach out for help when they needed it , i opened the door . 
 sure , there was nobody in my room , but there was a freaking postcard of me on the top of my toilet , and it had n't been there before i 'd jumped in the shower . 
 something was going on . 
 even though i could n't say i liked the guy , denver was a federal agent , and nancy would be very right-he would most certainly have a gun . 
 opening the door a crack at first , i used my free hand to fix the towel tightly against my chest . 
 denver ducked to the side , staring at me immediately . 
 ` what happened ? ' 
 ensuring the towel was as tight and secure as it could be , i took a step back and let him walk in . 
 i did n't invite him to walk in , but i knew enough about denver to realize that would n't matter . 
 sure enough , he planted a hand on the door and marched in as if he owned the place . 
 with darting moves , he surveyed the area , and then turned and looked right at me . 
 despite the fact i was standing there dripping in a wet towel , he did not let his gaze linger . 
 ` what happened ? ' ' 
 a postcard , ' i answered . 
 his once worried expression crumpled . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 did you just scream for no reason ? ' 
 ` has anyone ever told you that you 're a jerk ? ' 
 i snapped back . 
 i walked behind him and closed the door , not wanting this conversation to carry , and certainly not wanting nancy to pop her head in . 
 ` are you going to tell me what happened ? ' 
 he demanded . 
 gritting my teeth , i stalked back into the bathroom . 
 though i had been nothing but frightened several moments before , now i was feeling irritated again , and at least it gave me the courage to head back into the bathroom on my own . 
 once i 'd made it inside , i was met with that same view-that postcard of me sitting on the cistern . 
 without an invite , denver followed me in . 
 i pointed at the cistern . 
 ` when i got in the shower , there was nothing in this bathroom . 
 when i got out of the shower , that was there . ' 
 he swiveled his gaze to me , and as his eyebrows crumbled together , i could see he did n't believe me . 
 i crossed my arms tighter in front of my chest defensively . 
 ` do you think i would lie about something like this ? ' ' 
 i do n't think you would lie about anything , patti smith , because you are painfully and belligerently direct , ' he snapped as he walked past me and straight over to my toilet . 
 he plucked up the card , but he did so gently , and he used only the tips of two fingers to pick it up by the corner . 
 he turned it around , thankfully not allowing his gaze to linger on that rather disastrous photo of me without any goddamn pants on . 
 his lips flattened , and then he frowned . 
 ` what ? 
 what 's written on the back ? ' 
 i took a sharp breath . 
 denver did n't answer . 
 instead , he turned back to the toilet , and his gaze automatically flicked up to the perpetually open window above it . 
 ` denver , what does it say on the back ? ' 
 again he ignored me , and instead he took a step towards the toilet and kicked it with his shoe . 
 when it did n't break apart into one million pieces , he knocked the back of his knuckles onto the lid . 
 clearly deciding it was sturdy enough for his weight , he clambered on top . 
 placing a hand on the windowsill , he bent his head forward and looked down and out . 
 ` shit , what 's going on here ? ' 
 i crammed my thumb into my teeth and began to bite the nail harshly . 
 i had once been a terrible nail biter , but then i 'd jolly well grown up . 
 there was something about this weekend , however , that was sending me spiraling backwards . 
 after a moment , denver finally jumped down . 
 wordlessly , he handed me the postcard . 
 i turned it over . 
 my stomach sank . 
 on the back was a picture of me pulled from my yearbook . 
 i had frizzy hair , braces , and bleary , red eyes . 
 i looked like a cross between a drug addict and a robot . 
 unfortunately , that was n't all that was on the back . 
 there was a message that had been cut out of some kind of magazine or newspaper . 
 it read : the most successful graduate of wetlake high ? 
 wow . 
 just wow . 
 i did n't know what to do with the postcard , so i let it drop to the floor . 
 immediately denver turned around , sunk to his knees , and grabbed it up . 
 he was close enough to my legs that i jumped back at the suddenness of his move . 
 ` do n't get excited , ' he grumbled , ` and do n't get this wet . ' 
 ` what . . . 
 what is it ? ' 
 i managed . 
 ` it 's a postcard of you without any pants on , and one with a suspiciously threatening message on the back . 
 something that you claim was placed in your room while you were in the shower . ' 
 that was one hell of a summary . 
 it sent shivers racing up and down my back , and they sure as hell were n't pleasant . 
 they felt like claws grating their way into the skin and bone . 
 ` threat ? ' 
 i grabbed onto that one word . 
 ` what do you mean by threat ? ' ' 
 i do n't know what i mean . 
 but considering what just happened in this town , i think maybe it 's time to call the police . ' 
 i had n't been expecting that , and it was like a punch to the gut . 
 ` police ? ' 
 ` dry yourself and put some clothes on . ' 
 denver walked past me , grabbed the door , and went to close it . 
 i took a jerky step forward . 
 grabbing the edge of the door , i stopped it in place . 
 ` what do you mean police , denver ? 
 and what do you mean threat ? 
 what 's going on here ? 
 i 'm sure it 's just . . . 
 somebody fooling around . ' 
 ` and if it is n't ? ' 
 he asked coldly . 
 damn . . . 
 i could have fallen over at that . 
 if the card was threatening , then denver 's reaction to it was only driving home how serious it could be . 
 while i had n't enjoyed high school , i 'd lived a fairly sheltered life . 
 i 'd never been the victim of any kind of violent crime , and i 'd certainly never been threatened before . 
 i had no idea how to deal with this . 
 ` considering what 's going on in this town , it 's best that we take this seriously . ' 
 he looked directly at me as he spoke , and he had a calm edge of authority to his voice that felt something like an anchor i could hold onto . 
 he clearly knew what he was doing . 
 ` but - ' i began . 
 ` dry yourself off , get dressed , and we 'll head down to the police station . 
 we 'll report this . 
 it might be nothing , but we 'll take it seriously for now . ' 
 ` but . . . 
 it 's just a postcard . ' 
 denver brought it up , and he pointed at the picture from my yearbook . 
 it had little holes in it , as if it had been pinned on a board . 
 it was a detail i had n't noticed before because i 'd obviously been too busy freaking out . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 ` you know those blue pins you keep finding ? ' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 ` well . . . 
 they may be important to the investigation , ' he said casually . 
 ` may be important to the investigation ? 
 denver , what are you talking about ? ' 
 ` fine . 
 i probably should n't be sharing this detail with you , but considering what just happened , you 're going to be told anyway . 
 plus , it 's not as if anyone can keep a secret in this town . 
 after the murder of james wood , the school was searched . 
 a pin board was found . 
 all the notices had been taken down , and a picture of james wood had been pinned up using a blue pin exactly like the ones you 've been finding . 
 underneath it somebody had pinned up an excerpt from time magazine . ' 
 ` time magazine ? ' 
 ` believe it or not , james was a software developer . 
 he recently wrote some kind of fancy app , and sold it for millions . ' 
 ` jesus , i did n't know that . ' 
 i swallowed . 
 ` hardly anyone did . ' 
 denver stopped briefly and shifted his jaw around . 
 ` but that 's not the point . 
 the blue pins are . 
 and this , ' he tapped the pinhole in my yearbook photo , ` and this , ' he pointed to the cut-out-newsletter message , ` are . ' 
 i let go of the door and my hand fell against my side . 
 without thinking , i also let go of the towel , and it promptly fell from around me . 
 rather than stand there and cop an eyeful , denver turned around sharply . 
 he closed the door gently and reminded me again to get dry and get dressed . 
 well i did n't , or not immediately . 
 i simply stood there in the middle of the room until i crumpled down into a seated position next to the bath . 
 with my back pressed hard into the ceramic and tile , i rocked back and forth with my hands and arms held tight around my knees and ankles . 
 fuck . 
 fuck . 
 had someone just threatened to kill me ? 
 chapter 8 it took me a long time to get myself together enough to dry and dress , and i only did so after denver prompted me repeatedly . 
 by the time i finally opened the bathroom door a crack , it was to the sight of him sitting neatly on the edge of my bed . 
 no doubt he had already gone through every inch of the room , searching for every clue he could or just snooping through my personal stuff . 
 and no doubt he had a ton of questions to ask me . 
 fortunately , he did n't face me with a barrage as i padded softly across the cheap carpet and came to a stop about a meter before him . 
 i stared at him wordlessly for almost half a minute before he finally stood up and nodded towards the front door . 
 ` do n't worry , ' he said simply . 
 i had one trillion trite and sarcastic responses to that , but i was hardly in a trite and sarcastic mood . 
 if denver was right , then it was highly likely someone had just threatened to kill me . 
 if i did n't act sensibly and get myself to a safe place soon , i would be the next dead body in the rose bushes . 
 as that cold and dreadful thought settled in like a blizzard from above , i gave a violent shudder . 
 denver walked over to my suitcase , opened it up , rummaged around inside , and pulled out a jacket . 
 he did n't ask me whether he could look through my stuff , and neither did he politely inquire as to whether i was actually cold . 
 he just handed me the jacket and nodded at me to put it on . 
 he really was a jerk , i finally concluded with a small huff . 
 yet as strange as it sounded , i would n't have anyone else by my side right now . 
 even though i 'd barely known him for two days , he seemed like a dependable kind of jerk , and at least that was something . 
 he led me out of my motel room , securing the postcard carefully with two fingers as he walked out over the porch and towards his car . 
 i faltered behind him . 
 ` why are we going in your car ? 
 ` because i 'm driving . ' 
 ` why are you driving ? ' 
 he stopped and turned slowly . 
 ` stop with all the questions . 
 get in the car , and we 'll go to the police station . ' 
 stop with all the questions ? 
 seriously , had he just said that ? 
 though i wanted to close the distance between us and wrap him on the top of the head with my knuckles , i restrained myself . 
 instead , i silently got into the passenger side of his rather humble vehicle and wordlessly put my belt on . 
 and there i sat with my ankles locked and my handbag on my lap , my white-knuckled grip holding it tight against my belly . 
 i did n't think denver was going to steal the bag or anything ; i just needed something to hold onto right now . 
 i had a very steady and dependable life . 
 while i did n't have a long-term man in it right now , i was working on that . 
 plus , i was happy being single , for the time being anyway . 
 yet right now , all that happiness and steadiness had been thrown out the window . 
 someone had made a threat against my life , and i was in an fbi agent 's car about to be taken to east lake police station . 
 as thorne had already confirmed this morning , the police of this district were n't used to dealing with actual crimes . 
 lost tourists ? 
 yes . 
 the occasional emergency when a fire broke out in the mountains ? 
 of course . 
 but corpses in the rose bushes and threats on your toilet seat ? 
 hell no . 
 if they were n't used to dealing with serious crime , how quick would their response be and how efficient ? 
 would i be whisked away somewhere safe ? 
 would they get me out of town ? 
 would they hunt down the murderer with practiced efficiency ? 
 would they solve this all in the blink of an eye before anyone else could get hurt ? 
 as i sat there listening to the tires crunch over the gravel , my grip around my bag became tighter and tighter . 
 my fingers pushed hard into the leather , bending my nails back and threatening to break them . 
 i did n't care though . 
 my thoughts were getting the better of me . 
 i would have to change my whole life , would n't i ? 
 if there were somebody out there who wanted to kill me-and the police of this district were n't quick enough to catch them-i would always have a shadow hanging over my shoulder . 
 no more staying out late at bars , no more peaceful walks alone in the forest-i would be in a constant and perpetual state of paranoia . 
 i suddenly jerked up my hand , stuck my thumb into my mouth , and started chewing intently on the nail . 
 out of my peripheral vision , i could see that denver turned to me . 
 he had a careful and calculating expression , but he did n't say a word . 
 instead , he drove silently and quickly away from the motel and towards the main road of town . 
 it was n't until we actually arrived at the police station that denver deemed to speak to me . 
 clambering out of the car , he paused with his hand on the door and stared down . 
 ` do n't get flustered , do n't get startled , and do n't get scared . 
 the police are going to do everything they can . 
 as long as we are smart and quick , there will be no threat . 
 have you got that ? ' 
 though he was clearly trying to reassure me , he was doing it in a particularly belligerent and arrogant way . 
 it seemed that denver was a jerk no matter what he did . 
 but right now , i chose to see through the arrogance , and i gave him a short nod . 
 despite my nerves and his perpetually gruff attitude , i could still appreciate he was handling this well . 
 he was n't leaning in , grabbing my hand , and simply telling me everything would be okay . 
 no , he was telling me how it would be okay . 
 if we were smart and we were quick , then there would be no threat . 
 if we managed the situation with the resources at hand , then we 'd manage the danger . 
 feeling exceedingly queasy and in good need of a lie down , i finally got out of the car . 
 i was dressed in a pair of track pants and a t-shirt and the jacket denver had grabbed out of my suitcase . 
 it was warm , it was comfortable , but it was n't exactly flattering . 
 i was n't in leopard print and high heels , and my cashmere shawl was all the way back at the motel . 
 but hell , i did n't care . 
 there was a time to look good , and there was a time to get the hell into wetlake police station and tell them there was somebody out there who wanted to kill me . 
 as i walked with denver up to the front door , i unashamedly took several steps closer to him . 
 i liked to think i was the kind of girl who could handle my own problems , but then again , nobody had threatened to kill me before . 
 ` they are just going to ask you some questions . 
 we 'll give them the postcard ; it will be checked for evidence . 
 then we 'll figure out what 's best to do next , ' denver once again spoke with that calm authority . 
 it let me know that he 'd done this before . 
 even though i was floundering , if i stayed in his wake , then maybe i could make it to shore . 
 somewhere out there was a murderer who had already put paid to james wood . 
 if the postcard was to be believed , then perhaps i was next on their to-do list . 
 as we wandered up to the front desk of the police station , my mind began to whirl . 
 james wood had been the most successful person to graduate from my class . 
 not that i 'd known that before denver had mentioned the times ' article , but if james had programmed some app that had made him a millionaire , then he really was a cut above the rest . 
 sure , i was wealthy , but i 'd never made it into times magazine . 
 could somebody be . . . ? 
 god , it sounded terrible , but could somebody be going through the reunion class and picking off the most successful ? 
 if so , why ? 
 what kind of twisted mind would do such a thing ? 
 what would they get out of it ? 
 high school was full of bitching , backstabbing , and bullying , but what was going on here was psychotic . 
 i stood behind denver as he spoke to the officer at the front desk , and i continued to chew on my fingernails . 
 by the time this weekend was over , i would n't have any left . 
 then again , by the time this weekend was over , i could possibly be dead anyway . 
 ` patti , you 're early , ' someone said from behind me . 
 i turned to see thorne walking in through the front door . 
 there was that rugged smile of his and those beautiful cheekbones and that handsome sparkle in his eyes . 
 it reminded me about our date tonight . 
 a date we would likely cancel on account of me running for my life . 
 his expression quickly changed , and his eyes flicked to the left and locked on denver . 
 denver turned slowly . 
 ` what are you doing here ? 
 i already told you we have this investigation under control , ' there was an edge to thorne 's voice . 
 it was n't particularly friendly , and it sure as hell was n't brotherly . 
 it was challenging . 
 i had two brothers of my own , and i knew fully well that while they could be best friends one moment , they could lock horns the next and tear up the living room carpet as they fought to the death . ' 
 i remember , ' denver answered plainly , ` but i think we have more evidence for you . ' 
 ` and i think i 'll be the judge of that , ' thorne walked straight past denver and behind the front desk . 
 i very much felt like i was suddenly being squeezed between a rock and a hard place , or at least a thorne and denver . 
 i shifted my gaze down to my feet , and then i locked my hands against my stomach and twiddled my thumbs over my wrists . 
 ` patti smith found this in her room , ' denver carefully brought the postcard out of his pocket . 
 he 'd found a plastic bag in his car , and he 'd already wrapped it up in there . 
 the scrunch of plastic was n't that loud , but in that moment , i felt it filled the room . 
 neither denver nor thorne said a word , and the other officer and i were obviously smart enough not to get involved . 
 there was clear animosity sparking between the two brothers , and anyone intelligent enough would know not to be caught in the crossfire . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 thorne grabbed up the piece of plastic . 
 ` it is evidence , so treat it carefully . ' 
 denver clamped one hand on his hip and rested the other on the counter . 
 ` she is ready to give a statement , ' he added . 
 i was ? 
 i did n't feel ready to give a statement . 
 in fact , what i wanted to do was get the hell out of this room so thorne and denver could have it out between themselves . 
 instead , i stood there and stared mutely at my hands . 
 ` about what ? 
 what 's going on ? ' 
 thorne nodded down at the plastic bag . 
 ` why do n't you open it and have a look ? ' 
 denver suggested . 
 as thorne plucked open the plastic and picked the card out , i gave an unpleasant shudder . 
 though i really liked to think i was over that damned football game , i did n't like the idea of thorne staring at a postcard of my most accursed moment . 
 fortunately , he did n't stare at it . 
 he took one look , his eyebrows crumpled down , and then he turned it over . 
 his lips thinned and tucked down into a frown in a move that was instantly recognizable . 
 denver had done the exact same thing upon reading the back of the card . 
 thorne looked up sharply , glanced only at his brother for a second , and then turned to face me . 
 ` what happened ? 
 how did you come across this ? ' 
 ` somebody put it in her bathroom while she was in the shower . 
 the window was open , and they could have easily lowered it down . ' 
 denver answered for me . 
 even though i was fully capable of answering the question , i was quietly thankful he 'd taken the lead . 
 i was in no mood to discuss facts now ; all i wanted to do was sit down , bury my head in my hands , and pretend wetlake did n't exist . 
 oh why , oh why , had i listened to my mother ? 
 i should never have come back here , because if i had n't come back here , then presumably this would n't have happened . . . 
 or maybe it would have . 
 i had no idea who the killer was , and i had no idea if they were actually after me . 
 yet if for some reason they genuinely wanted me dead , then not showing up to the reunion probably would n't have been much of a deterrent . 
 at least this way i 'd been warned , and i 'd had help on hand when i had needed it most . 
 fortune had seen a real fbi agent book a room at the motel i was staying at , and chance had booked me a date with the local police officer . 
 if there were ever a time to be a victim of crime , now was it . 
 ` alright , come on in . 
 we 'll make you a cup of tea and get your statement . ' 
 thorne nodded my way and gave me a commiserating yet still strong smile . 
 ` it 'll be okay . ' 
 i damn well hoped he was right , but i found myself flicking my gaze over to denver nonetheless . 
 while denver had n't held my hand and promised me everything would be fine , he had told me not to get startled and not to get scared . 
 and while thorne 's smile was something you could get lost in , denver 's advice sounded like it would keep you safe . 
 realizing i was possibly slipping into a love triangle without noticing it , i finally followed thorne through a door into the rest of the police station . 
 when denver moved to follow , thorne turned on him and offered him a steady and challenging look . 
 ` thank you , agent , but we 'll take it from here . 
 it is the jurisdiction of the wetlake police department , after all . ' 
 ` yes it is , ' denver agreed , and then he turned . 
 shifting his head slightly over his shoulder , he added ` for now . ' 
 thorne shot him a deadly look . 
 ` i 'll hang around in my car , patti , and i 'll drive you back to the motel once you 're done , ' denver called out to me . 
 ` that 's fine , ' thorne jumped in , ` you go ahead and leave . 
 i 'm more than happy to take patti home afterwards . 
 plus , we might just head out to vietnamese after this-bring our date a bit forward maybe ? ' 
 denver turned slowly at that . 
 eyes narrowed , he glanced at me then over to thorne . 
 ` so you go on and head home . 
 i hear they 're having drinks at the local pub . 
 it 's an informal reunion . 
 though it will probably turn formal as soon as annabelle hears about it . 
 why do n't you head there and catch up with the people you left behind ? ' 
 with that , thorne turned around and ushered me on . 
 christ . 
 if i 'd had the inkling i was slipping into a love triangle before , it had just been confirmed in style . 
 thorne had brought up dinner at the vietnamese restaurant with such a pointed tone that it was obvious what he was doing . 
 it was also a bit . . . 
 presumptuous . 
 yes , of course i wanted to go out with the guy ; we got on well , and he seemed genuinely nice while being absolutely smack-down attractive . 
 however , i did n't see how going out to dinner was going to fix anything . 
 hello , i 'd just come across a potential murder threat on top of my toilet , and right now , going out on a date was the least of my concerns . 
 i wanted someone to do something ; i wanted someone to assure me that everything was under control . 
 more than that , i needed someone to take steps to assure my safety right now . 
 vietnamese could wait . 
 ` sorry about my brother , ' thorne said under his breath once denver had trundled out of earshot . 
 ` he can be kind of a jerk sometimes . ' 
 i did n't answer . 
 i did n't know whether i should be pissed off at the fact thorne had brought up our date in front of denver , or just wholly and entirely concerned at the possibility someone was out there trying to kill me . 
 i felt itchy , hot , scared , and irritated all at once , and it was a volatile mixture . 
 thorne led me into a room , sat me down , got me a cup of tea , and talked me through what had happened . 
 there was n't much i could add . 
 i did n't have the eagle eyes of denver ; i had n't noticed the pinhole in my yearbook photo . 
 all i knew was that the postcard had arrived on my toilet while i 'd been in the shower . 
 i had no insight , no hints , and no leads . 
 when thorne delicately asked me whether i had any enemies , i snorted , unattractively , and snapped at him that of course i did n't . 
 we were done quickly , and soon enough thorne gestured to the door , and he told me i could leave . 
 i stood up nervously , putting my hands onto the table for support . 
 we could n't be done . 
 i needed to be told exactly what was going on . 
 i wanted thorne to share every single detail of the ongoing investigation with me , because i needed to be assured everything was under control . 
 ` we 're going to do everything we can , patti ; you 're going to be absolutely fine , trust me . ' 
 he nodded my way . 
 this was n't a matter of trust ; i already thought thorne was a genuinely nice and affable man . 
 this was a matter of security . 
 this was a matter of somebody doing something now . 
 ` it will probably turn out to be nothing at all , ' he tried . 
 nothing at all ? 
 denver appeared to think it was something . 
 the more i thought about the situation , the less i could convince myself it was nothing . 
 so i did n't like the idea of thorne trying to dismiss it so readily . 
 ` but what about the message on the back ? 
 what about the pinholes in the yearbook photo ? 
 what about the blue pins i 've been finding everywhere ? ' 
 ` i 'm sure they 're just a coincidence . 
 and i can guarantee you that that postcard is probably just some jealous old schoolmate fooling around . ' 
 thorne walked up to the door and opened it , and all the while , he offered me the kindest of smiles . 
 i did n't smile back . 
 ` but what about the . . . 
 the . . . 
 kill board ? ' 
 ` kill board ? ' 
 ` denver said that in the school there had been a pin board with james wood 's yearbook photo attached to it and then an excerpt from a times magazine interview . 
 does n't the fact that i 've been finding all those pins around mean something ? 
 and what about my . . . 
 success ? ' 
 i asked uncomfortably . 
 ` james was a bloody millionaire ; he was clearly the most successful person to have graduated from our class . 
 what happens if the killer is going through people that are successful ? 
 what happens if i 'm next ? ' 
 ` like i said , i 'm sure it 's all fine . 
 i will look into this . 
 i will keep an eye on you . 
 i will do everything by the book . 
 patti , you do n't have to be stressed by this . ' 
 stressed ? 
 was he serious ? 
 i was going nuts . 
 ` but denver thought - ' i began . 
 ` i 'm sure denver thinks a lot of things , but this is n't his jurisdiction . 
 this is an wetlake police case . 
 and we know more than enough to get this solved . ' 
 i really wanted to point out that only just that morning he 'd told me there was hardly any crime in wetlake , and he spent most of his time plucking lost tourists out of the ranges . 
 i was n't that rude though . 
 instead , i let him lead me out to the front desk . 
 i stood there while he had a conversation with the other officer , and then thorne walked me out to his car . 
 ` i 'll take you back to your motel , and i 'll have a look around while i 'm there . ' 
 i nodded at him silently . 
 i did n't want to go back to the motel . 
 i wanted to go home . 
 i wanted to get out of wetlake right now . 
 in fact , as thorne drove me home , i genuinely considered whether that would be the best plan . 
 then again , would i just take some wrong turn down a winding , dark track only to have a set of bright headlights zip in behind me ? 
 would the murderer jump gleefully out of the car and do away with me in the silent woods ? 
 jesus , any more of this and i could go insane . 
 i was a self-help writer , so i already had a developed imagination , and i could easily let it run away with me . 
 far from offering me any assurance , i found the ride home with thorne to be a thoroughly awkward one . 
 i did n't want anyone to chat to me about the old days , and i certainly did n't want to talk about the reunion . 
 i just wanted to feel safe again . 
 we arrived at the motel around five o'clock . 
 even though it was late summer , there were already long shadows pooling in from the forest behind . 
 i could hear the bugs and crickets and the chirps of the birds as they played in the gutter and over the grass . 
 it should have been peaceful . 
 yesterday had been cold and blustery ; today was beautiful . 
 it was n't too hot , and there was a gentle breeze and some nice warm sunshine to filter through your clothes and warm your back . 
 i loved days like this . 
 my ideal night would have involved a picnic in the woods followed by a short , twilight walk . 
 well , that would have been my ideal night ; now i could only think of murderers running around rampant with chainsaws and guns and knives and old postcards of me with no pants on . 
 i closed my hands around my face , blinking hard into my fingers as i forced a breath . 
 i was n't exactly on the verge of tears , but with a push , you could get me there pretty quick . 
 i was freaked out . 
 i was usually a calm person , but the body in the roses and the postcard on the toilet had burned up calm . 
 ` you can head into your room while i check out back . ' 
 thorne nodded at me and flashed me yet another one of those smiles . 
 i tried to look friendly in return , but i could n't quite manage it . 
 with a short wave , he left me and headed out behind the motel . 
 his boots crunched over the gravel and then thumped softly over the grass as he walked confidently and quickly away . 
 i watched him go . 
 as i did , i instantly shuddered from the nerves escaping over my back . 
 i felt exposed . 
 i straightened up . 
 taking a small step away from the squad car , i turned around in a circle and checked the motel , the car park , and the grounds . 
 while i certainly did n't see any ax men wielding bloody blades and running my way , there were a few cars and a couple of people dotted here and there . 
 i stared at them all warily in turn . 
 my back was an itchy , hot mess , and i had such a nervous feeling curdling through my stomach that i was likely seconds from being sick . 
 every single movement , from the flight of the birds to the scamper of insects , made me jerk with surprise . 
 when i heard footfall crunching over the gravel towards me , i could have fallen over and fainted from fright . 
 when i turned , that fright dried up almost immediately . 
 denver scott . 
 he had his hands in his pockets and a glum but still stern look on his face . 
 he nodded as he made his way towards me . 
 ` is everything fine ? ' 
 i looked at him and did n't answer . 
 he locked me in that cold and professional gaze . 
 ` i 'm not expecting a trite response , patti ; it 's a genuine question . 
 are they doing everything they can ? 
 do they have any leads ? 
 where are you going to stay tonight ? ' 
 boom , boom , boom . 
 denver fired his questions my way like shots from a gun . 
 i did not intend to dodge them , but i did n't exactly have good answers in response . 
 in fact , at the words ` where are you going to stay tonight ? ' 
 i suddenly felt a great deal sicker . 
 i even had to clamp a hand flat onto my stomach . 
 ` it 's not safe to stay here , ' he said simply . 
 he was n't pulling any punches . 
 he was n't pretending everything was okay . 
 ` we need to treat this threat as if it 's real . 
 i 've made some calls . 
 i have a friend who runs the b&b in the middle of town , and though she says she is always full , i know for a fact she has a spare room out the back . 
 we can make it discrete and tell her not to let anyone know you 're staying there . ' 
 ` ca n't i just . . . 
 , ' i began . 
 ` go home ? 
 yes , you can . 
 it is a possibility , but i do n't suggest you travel alone . 
 we do n't have enough information on this case , and until we do , we ca n't make any assumptions . 
 assumptions can get people killed , ' he answered blankly . 
 there he went again , not pulling a single punch . 
 talking to denver made everything seem deadly serious , and it sucked any lasting warmth out of my soul , replacing it with frigid , cold paranoia and a sense of impending doom . 
 yet at least he seemed . . . 
 honest . 
 he was n't lying , and he was n't hiding behind attempts to comfort me . 
 i knew the secret of a great romance was to balance two facts : practicality and imagination . 
 if you did n't have any imagination , then your romance would be passionless . 
 the mind was so important to the body that you could n't divorce the two and expect to stay married . 
 yet practicality was just as important . 
 you had to know the kinds of things that put relationships under stress , and you could n't gloss over them with wishes , hopes , and fancies that there were no problems between soul mates . 
 you had to appreciate trends and have a good hold over statistics . 
 know what is likely to occur in most situations , and you can chart a surer path to your goal . 
 well right now denver was being practical , and i appreciated that more than anything else . 
 it almost made me capable of forgiving him for being a world-class jerk . 
 ` what do you want to do ? 
 do you want to leave or stay ? ' 
 ` what 's safer ? ' ' 
 i ca n't tell you conclusively at this stage . 
 but i can tell you that whatever you choose , we can find ways to make it safer . 
 our goal is to secure you until we know enough to measure the actual risk in this situation . ' 
 ` but wo n't the killer . . . 
 strike again ? 
 i mean , if i stay here . . . 
 , ' i trailed off , lost in that horrible thought . 
 ` you will be perfectly fine . ' 
 i turned to see thorne walking towards me . 
 he was shooting daggers at his brother while fixing me with nothing but charm and smiles . ' 
 i thought i told you not to interfere with this case ? ' 
 thorne snapped at his brother . 
 ` i 'm not interfering . 
 i respect your jurisdiction . 
 i 'm not attempting any investigation . 
 i 'm simply talking to patti and appraising her of her options as i see them . ' 
 well guess what ? 
 you do n't have to . 
 we 've figured out what happened , ' thorne nodded at me calmly . 
 what . . . ? 
 ` you have ? ' 
 denver narrowed his eyes in a snap . 
 ` you might do it slow at the fbi , but we do it right in wetlake , ' thorne quipped easily . 
 i felt sick , surprised , and a little like i was being taken for a ride . 
 how could thorne have possibly solved the case already ? 
 he 'd barely been gone for five minutes . 
 what could he have done in that time ? ' 
 i went and chatted to the guy in the front office . 
 he saw some kids playing out back of your room , and by the sounds of it , it was at the same time you were taking a shower . 
 now the kids in question are boisterous , but harmless . 
 they are always hanging out back of the motel because there 's easy mountain bike tracks up to the ranges from there . ' 
 ` and ? ' 
 denver prompted immediately . 
 ` how does that solve the case ? ' ' 
 i do n't know what they teach you at the fbi , but over here we always lean towards the simplest answer first . 
 before you put ideas into patti 's head that somebody 's after her , let 's face facts . 
 i know those kids get up to pranks ; hell , everybody in wetlake does . 
 i also know they go to wetlake high , and they 've already been messing with annabelle 's reunion . 
 they spray-painted her decorations , sent out false invites , and appropriated a bunch of old yearbooks . 
 she 's been down at the station complaining about it endlessly for the past several weeks . ' 
 ` but . . . 
 why would they have a postcard of me without any pants on from the football game ? 
 and why would they cut out a photo of me from my yearbook , and why would they write such a creepy message ? ' 
 i flapped a hand on my chest as i asked my questions . 
 it was the only thing i could do to center myself . 
 i desperately wanted to believe thorne , but the practical side of my personality just could n't let me . 
 situations like this were n't about trust or belief ; they were about preparing yourself and being intelligent . 
 denver scott might be a jerk , but i was starting to worry that thorne was a little too carefree . 
 ` oh , they 've been playing with the reunion guests since they got here . 
 annabelle 's complained that she 's seen multiple desecrated yearbooks , as she put it , spread all over town . 
 spray-painted , cut out , crude mustaches drawn over everyone . 
 as for your postcard , well , annabelle kind of had a few of those printed up too . 
 not that i 'm meant to tell you this , but she planned to do a bit of a slideshow for you on the final night of the reunion . 
 show everybody how far you 'd come , that kind of thing . ' 
 my mouth slowly dropped open . 
 it would have been comical had it not been entirely serious . 
 ` that does n't prove anything , ' denver snapped . 
 ` we need to be careful here . ' 
 ` we do n't need to do anything . 
 you need to butt out . 
 i know police procedure . 
 we ca n't go around over estimating threat . 
 and you 're right ; i know it does n't prove anything . 
 but i 'm trying to do the decent thing here by reassuring patti that it 's probably nothing . 
 that being said , we are going to continue to look into it , of course we are . 
 but there 's no point in you getting worried , patti , and hopping on out of town , ' thorne nodded my way , ` when it 's likely this is nothing at all . ' 
 ` what about the blue pins ? ' 
 i asked rather meekly . ' 
 i asked reception , and they 've got a whole box of them . 
 the kid showed me . 
 they use them to pin up leaflets and messages . 
 well , they threw a bunch of old ones out recently , and the raccoons dug around in the trash . 
 the kid said they 'd been picking up newspapers , magazines , shower caps , and you name it for weeks . 
 clearly , they had n't been able to get all the pins out of the grass . 
 so i think we can discount that . ' 
 denver did n't say anything , and neither did i. i simply did n't know what to add . 
 i really wanted to believe thorne , but i unashamedly needed more proof . 
 while i could appreciate what he was doing for me , i just needed to be told what was really going on here . ' 
 i see , ' denver finally answered , ` considering what you 're dealing with , i hardly consider this a convincing story . ' 
 ouch . 
 thorne 's expression soured . 
 his usually ruddy cheeks became pale as his eyebrows drew down and darkened his gaze . 
 ` thank you for your opinion , but it 's just that-an opinion . 
 do i need to remind you again that you have absolutely no authority in this situation and that your observations mean nothing ? ' 
 ` no , but you can go ahead anyway . 
 and i 'm going to go ahead and point out to you that authority or not , and jurisdiction aside , you need to treat a threat like this seriously . 
 i do n't care if you came up with what you think is a good explanation ; you act as if the threat has not been neutralized anyway , because the cost of you getting this wrong is too high . ' 
 ` we are not dealing with assassinations and bomb plots here , ' thorne spoke through a clenched jaw , ` and this ai n't no counterterrorism situation . ' 
 ` you 're right ; it 's a potential murder . 
 which is just as serious . ' ' 
 i do n't need you telling me how to do my job . ' 
 thorne took a sharp step forward . 
 ` clearly you do , because nobody in this crackpot town knows how to respond to a threat . ' 
 denver took a step forward . 
 oh dear , the boys were n't playing anymore . 
 ` you think you can come back here and tell me what to do . 
 rub everybody 's noses in your career ? 
 try to show us how much better than the rest of us you are ? ' 
 thorne snapped . ' 
 i do n't care about my career , and i do n't give a shit about yours either . 
 right now all i 'm trying to do is prevent someone else from getting murdered . ' 
 ` fuck you for being so arrogant , denver . ' 
 thorne took a sharp step forward , and at the same time so did i. i planted myself between them , locked my hands on their shoulders , and pushed them away . 
 i had two brothers and a sister , and i knew how to break up a fight . 
 ` stop , ' i said simply . 
 i did n't tell them they were being unreasonable ; i did n't tell them to work it out ; i just said stop . 
 though both of them stared at each other with burning-hot hate filling their eyes , they did n't push me out of the way and set about trying to rearrange each other 's faces . 
 instead denver finally took a step back . 
 he glanced down at me and then turned sharply to the side . 
 ` whatever is going on here , sort it out later , ' i said with a strict and severe tone . 
 ` as for this investigation , i do hope that you will do everything you can . ' 
 i now shifted my gaze to thorne . 
 ` while i accept that your explanation is likely true , i want to be assured that the police department are still taking this threat seriously . ' 
 i was now in an authoritative mood . 
 i was taking charge , and i was using the exact tone of voice that my experience and wisdom had afforded me . 
 i was n't the exceedingly awkward kid from high school anymore . 
 i was a woman who had made it out into the world and had secured herself a good life . 
 and i was n't going to give it up . 
 thorne looked taken aback by my statement , but nodded his head . 
 ` of course we 're taking this seriously . ' 
 ` great . ' 
 i now turned to denver . 
 the secret to breaking up a fight between boys was never to appear to be taking sides . ' 
 i appreciate all your help , but i do not want to come between you two , ' i pointed at the both of them . 
 ` now i 'm going to grab my stuff , and i 'm going to find somewhere else to stay . ' 
 ` you really do n't need to , ' thorne began . 
 ` but i 'm going to because i have no idea what 's going on here , and i hate this motel anyway , ' i answered flatly . 
 for a time nobody said anything . 
 then thorne looked down at his shoes , up at me , and then slowly over to denver . 
 the two boys shot each other deadly glances , and then thorne turned his attention right back to me . 
 ` alright then , i guess i better get back to it . 
 we still up for . . . 
 , ' he trailed off . 
 ` vietnamese ? 
 i guess so . 
 i ca n't promise you i 'll eat much , but i 'm going to need the company tonight . ' 
 it was a very direct answer , and i ca n't say i was flirting at all . 
 it was honest ; i did n't want to be alone , but i doubted i would be much fun to be around . 
 thorne would likely do all the talking while i sat alongside , ignored my food , and ate my fingernails instead . 
 ` okay , great , i guess , ' thorne answered confusedly then shot me another smile , waved , and started to walk off . 
 ` you 're going to be fine , patti smith . 
 we are n't going to let anything happen to you . ' 
 i nodded . 
 it took until thorne was in his car and driving away before denver mumbled , ` you 're only going to be fine if you take steps to make yourself be fine . ' 
 i slowly turned to face him . 
 was it just me , or did he look slightly crestfallen ? 
 he could n't be that bothered by the fact i was going out to have dinner with his brother , could he ? 
 denver did n't look interested in me . . . 
 or was he just playing hard to get ? 
 i could n't tell ; the guy was decidedly unreadable . 
 he had one expression and one expression only : a kind of hard , blank gaze that told you he did n't like anyone particularly much and that included you . 
 yet right now he looked . . . 
 i do n't know , kind of awkward . 
 a little like he had looked when nancy had chucked her arms around him and pushed her bust right up into his chin . 
 ` do you think you can call that friend of yours and ask if i can stay in her spare room ? ' 
 i played with my fingernails as i looked past him at my room . 
 he nodded . 
 silence spread between us . 
 i could hear the cicadas beating their wings in the afternoon warmth . 
 there were birds twittering from above , and from behind the motel there was the creak and crack of the forest . 
 he did n't say a word , yet he did n't walk off either . 
 ` is this what i 'm meant to be doing ? 
 should i stay here or just go home ? ' 
 i asked him . 
 i did n't know why i did , but i was feeling particularly tender and vulnerable . 
 while the guy was arrogant and blustery , he clearly knew what he was doing , possibly quite a bit more than his brother . 
 what thorne made up for in general friendliness , apparently he lacked in his ability to deal with the threat of an impending murder . 
 denver looked at me for a long moment . 
 ` go home . ' 
 ` but you said - ' i began . 
 ` i 've changed my mind . 
 go home . 
 get out of wetlake . ' 
 i was a little taken aback . 
 before , he 'd been unable to conclude which would be the safer option ; now , he was coming down hard on leaving this place and leaving now . 
 a little of me wondered whether that had something to do with the fact i was going to meet his brother for dinner in a little under two hours . 
 the rest of me wondered whether denver had simply reassessed the situation , using his superior knowledge and training , and had concluded that it really was safer to leave . 
 i felt sick , really sick . 
 i pressed the back of my hand into my mouth and tried to swallow . 
 ` we have no idea who committed that murder , and we have no idea what their plans are next . 
 now i am betting on the fact they do n't have many resources and there are only one or two people involved . 
 if i 'm right , it 's much safer to leave . ' 
 ` right , ' i managed , the back of my hand still pressed tightly into my lips and teeth . ' 
 i mean . . . 
 fuck . ' 
 ` do n't get scared-get prepared , ' he responded easily . 
 it sounded like a corny catchphrase , and it probably was amongst doomsdayers . 
 yet it had an odd effect on me . 
 despite the situation , it stilled me a little , giving me some much-needed perspective . 
 ` if i leave now , i 'm going to be driving all night long . 
 i 'm feeling pretty sick already . 
 i 'm not sure if that 's a good idea . ' 
 i dragged my teeth over my bottom lip as i continued to think . 
 ` plus , i doubt it 's a great idea to travel these roads at night ; from memory , there are way too many woodland creatures popping out from the trees and trying to make you swerve into the ditch . 
 plus , i 'm not confident i wo n't get lost . ' 
 denver did n't say anything ; he simply stood there and watched as i came to my own conclusion . 
 ` i 'll leave in the morning ; that 's the sensible thing to do , ' i finally decided . 
 as soon as i decided that , i started to feel a lot better . 
 i let my hand drop from my lips . 
 i suddenly had a plan . 
 it was n't a perfect one , but it gave me something to hold onto . 
 bright and early tomorrow morning , i was going to pack my luggage , and i was going to get out of here . 
 ` stay to the major highways and call ahead to your local police station to let them know what 's going on . ' 
 denver nodded at me sharply . 
 ` ca n't you call them ? ' 
 i asked a little pathetically . 
 ` you are the fbi agent , after all . 
 they 'll probably just think i 'm nuts . ' 
 ` fine , i 'll call . 
 but if thorne finds out , you 're going to have to come and find us to break up the fight again . ' 
 it took me a moment , but i eventually flashed a smile at that . ' 
 i kind of get the impression that things are n't going well between you and your brother right now . ' 
 ` things have n't been going well since i moved out . 
 when i left wetlake , he took it as a blow to him and the family . 
 he thought i was abandoning them , and hey , maybe i was . 
 i 've hardly written , called , or visited since . 
 i just packed up , shifted my life , and put everything behind me . 
 so he is right-i am a fucking jerk . ' 
 ` no you 're not . ' 
 i hooked my hair behind my ears and tried to appear earnest . 
 this elicited a snort . 
 ` you 've already told me i 'm a jerk . 
 you do n't have to try to make me feel better about this . 
 i made decisions in my life and they had consequences . 
 that 's the end of the equation . ' 
 who would have thought i would ever try to offer denver , the world 's - biggest jerk , assurance that he was actually a nice guy . 
 but i could n't help myself . 
 shifting on the spot and supporting my elbow with my free hand , i nodded at him . 
 ` so you moved away , big deal . 
 so did i. not everybody wants to live in wetlake ; he ca n't hold that against you . ' 
 denver started by looking past me at the lawn behind the motel , and then he dug his heel hard into the gravel below him and kicked it around for a second . 
 looking up , he cast his gaze quickly over my face and maybe just for a second let it drop down to my figure too . 
 ` why do i get the feeling you are attempting to intervene here , patti ? 
 are you trying to fix me ? 
 because i 'm not the one who 's got a potential murderer on her tail . ' 
 wow . 
 that was hardly discrete . 
 if you had to award denver emotional-sensitivity points out of ten , he would score a flat zero along with stones , walls , and the long dead . 
 i did n't let him get to me this time . 
 i realized that his lack of people skills had a lot to do with being defensive rather than being a class-one asshole . 
 denver clearly had his problems , and his particular method of coping was to ignore them while snapping at everything that came in range . 
 in other words , he was a classic bloke . 
 ` fix you , denver scott ? 
 i 've only got the weekend , and i have a feeling you would take a lifetime . ' 
 though my statement had been sharp and practically acerbic , he did n't storm off in a huff . 
 instead , he offered a punctuated laugh . 
 ` somehow i do n't think you could stand to hang around me that long . 
 so why do n't we make a deal : you stop with the insights and the advice , and i 'll do what i can to get you out of this town in one piece . ' 
 i was feeling queasy , nervy , and paranoid , but i still had the guts to flash him a grin . 
 ` no deal . 
 i hand out insights and advice for a living . 
 and though you are n't going to pay me , that is n't going to stop me from telling you how to get your life in order . ' 
 his defenses dropped as concern flashed in his eyes . ' 
 i do n't need your help . ' 
 ` you do . 
 and i need yours . 
 so why do n't you help me pack my suitcase and take me to your friend 's house ? 
 i like being honest , denver , and though you admittedly irritate the hell out of me , i want you by my side as i walk in my room in case a man with a chainsaw is waiting in the wardrobe . ' 
 denver did n't reply immediately . 
 in fact , he appeared to take a good long while to reassess me . 
 i could see it in his eyes ; that mix of weariness , concern , and confusion revealed that denver scott was starting to realize i had changed more than he 'd accounted for . 
 he gulped slightly . 
 then he readjusted his jacket , pulling down hard on his sleeves as he shifted his neck uneasily . 
 ` chainsaw ? ' 
 he finally managed . 
 ` gun , ax , spike-you pick your weapon of choice . 
 i think it 's important to know your limitations , and denver , i 'd be as useless in a fight as a one-legged dog . 
 you , ' i stood back and appraised him briefly , ` look like you can handle yourself . ' 
 he coughed awkwardly . 
 ` when it comes to hand-to-hand combat at least , ' i smiled around my words , my lips pulling up tight against my teeth . 
 i turned and gestured for him to follow me . 
 he paused . 
 it took a long time , but eventually he added : ` are you going to leave that statement just hanging there , begging for a caveat ? 
 you think i can handle myself in a fight , but not much else , right ? ' 
 he strode up to me and matched my pace as we walked , side-by-side , up to the porch . 
 i flicked my gaze over to him , blinking as i did . 
 i did n't say anything though . 
 he took one quick step ahead and then turned to face me . 
 walking backwards confidently , he nodded low . ' 
 i can handle a lot more than men with guns . 
 i 'm pretty good at handling self-help authors who are trying to flirt with me as a distraction from murder threats . ' 
 bam . 
 denver was not a subtle man . 
 he took one more step backwards and reached my door . 
 he held my gaze as he held out his hand for the key . 
 i 'd been unashamedly playing with him up to that point , but now i ground my teeth as i reassessed the situation . 
 he 'd called my bluff ; i was flirting with him and quite probably as a distraction from the goddamn horrible things that were going on around here . 
 ` you know , i think pointing out my faults makes you feel momentarily powerful in a situation that has robbed you of any sense of certainty and security . 
 i also think flirting with me makes you feel more in control than you are . ' 
 he still had his hand held out for my keys . 
 i slowly got them out of my bag . 
 i did n't hand them over . 
 instead i stepped forward and grabbed the door handle , opening it myself . 
 though i had to press my arm up hard against his , i did n't care , and he did n't move . 
 letting the door swing gently open , i looked up at him . 
 ` you 're right and you 're wrong . ' 
 ` what am i wrong about ? ' 
 ` i 'm not flirting with you - ' i began . 
 he snorted . 
 ` because i want to feel in control , ' i continued quickly . 
 then i turned . 
 i did n't add another word . 
 i did n't explain myself , and i sure as hell did n't give him a chance to see my expression . 
 my cheeks were all hot , my jaw was deliberately set hard , and if you 'd had a stethoscope , you would have heard how quick my heart beat . 
 he 'd just gotten under my skin . 
 snap . 
 it had happened that quickly . 
 i did n't go in for belligerent , and i certainly did n't like my men to have as much emotional baggage as denver appeared to be lugging around . 
 but you ca n't help these things . 
 taking long and deliberate breaths , i moved into the bathroom to get my toothbrush and shampoo . 
 i did n't expect him to follow . 
 i figured he would just hang out around the door , thinking moody thoughts and looking darkly emotional as usual . 
 i was wrong . 
 he was right behind me . 
 suddenly aware of the sound of his breath , i compulsively hooked my hair behind my ears as i leaned into the bath to pluck up my soap . 
 i did n't turn to face him . 
 i felt a little like i was trying to hide from him , which was somewhat dumb considering he was right there . 
 but i did n't want to face him ; i wanted to get a handle on my expression first . 
 i wanted to remain aloof here . 
 i needed to put distance between us because the last thing i wanted was to make a move on denver only to be rejected . 
 or worse-he could accept me with open arms and . . . 
 complicate the hell out of my already complicated life . 
 ` are you checking for chainsaw-wielding men ? ' 
 i tried as i faced the sink and grabbed up my toothbrush . 
 ` no , i 'm looking for confusing women who say exactly what they think , but try to hide exactly what they mean . ' 
 i pursed my lips together and blew air out of them slowly . 
 ` i 'm pretty sure there is n't one of those in here , ' i managed as a quick flight of nerves rushed through my gut . 
 realizing i could hardly keep my back to him forever as i pottered around the bathroom , i finally turned sharply to walk past . 
 he did n't stop me . 
 but he sure as heck stared at me as i walked by . 
 he did n't offer me a smoldering look , and neither did he appear ready to laugh at my silly attempts to flirt with him . 
 he looked . . . 
 oh christ , he looked all mixed up-confused and apprehensive and expectant and nervous and desirous all at once . 
 it sent another spike of nerves traveling like a bullet down my back . 
 i was no stranger to passion . 
 i wrote about it for a living , after all . 
 yet there 's something you have to distinguish between passion and romance . 
 in one , you 're in control ; in the other , you are n't . 
 hormones , imagination , lust , and simple fucking bad decisions combine to create a perfect storm . 
 i did n't have the time or luxury of getting involved with denver scott . 
 all you needed was to take a simple look at the guy to realize a long-term , fulfilling relationship was not on the cards . 
 he had issues , and he clearly did n't intend to deal with them any time soon . 
 he would spend his time pulling you close or pushing you away depending on his mood . 
 there 'd be no stability and reliability ; there 'd be volatile arguments , passionate make ups , multiple break ups , and a whole lot of up and down . 
 yep . 
 i knew my rules ; i could n't get involved with a man like denver . 
 plus , i hated the guy , right ? 
 he was a jerk . 
 i patted my stomach as my nerves settled there like fire , sparking away as they sent tingles up my arms and down my legs . 
 for christ 's sake , i was about to have dinner with his brother ; i had to get out of this motel room before i did something seriously indiscrete and mind-blowingly stupid . 
 he followed me into the main room . 
 again i played the pathetic game of not looking at the guy and hiding behind my hair when i could . 
 so what if i 'd spent all of high school idealizing the man ? 
 who cared that i had begged and wished for the chance to be with him ? 
 that was all ancient history . 
 i had moved on . 
 i now had the experience and wisdom to see denver for what he was : just an ordinary guy with issues . 
 one i knew better than to get involved with . 
 ` patti , ' he said my name in a husky voice . 
 it sent shivers shooting through my stomach . 
 i twitched back as i tried to chase them away . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 get out of the room , i suddenly commanded myself . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 turn around and leave , i begged my unresponsive legs . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 ` yes ? ' 
 i did something stupid , really stupid ; i turned to face him . 
 ` the room 's clear . ' 
 he was on the other side of the bed . ' 
 i can see that , ' i swallowed through my words . 
 ` no ax men , no chainsaws , just the two of us . ' . . . . 
 oh dear . 
 he was right . 
 suddenly i was struck with the thought that chainsaws and suicidal nutters with axes and swords would be better than being stuck alone in a motel room with denver scott . 
 he did n't move . 
 he kept standing there on the other side of the bed . 
 denver scott had changed . 
 he was n't the dreamy kid from high school anymore . 
 he had foils and problems , and he had lost a great deal of his shine . 
 he was gritty , a little broken around the edges , and he was standing in my motel room not making the first move . 
 i had my bag in my hand ; i 'd been stuffing clothes in it moments before , continuing my desperate attempt to ignore him . 
 though his body was as stiff as a plank , his eyes drew me in . 
 there was no doubting what he was thinking and what he wanted . 
 but i had to the make the first move . . . . . 
 did i want him ? 
 could i do this right now ? 
 yes , and yes . 
 i dropped the bag on the bed , and it bounced a little before falling on its side . 
 denver did n't drop his gaze to look at it , and neither did i. i walked around the bed . 
 i ca n't say it was the most coordinated of moves , but it did n't need to be . 
 despite my best attempts , it looked like i would have to call ahead and cancel vietnamese . 
 i reached him , and he reached out to me . 
 at first it was slow , hesitant even . 
 he was obviously waiting until i made my intensions crystal clear . 
 so i did . 
 i pushed into him gradually , one hell of a trapped breath making my chest tight and hard . 
 if i 'd been slow , he was fast . 
 he ran his hands up my back with an electric energy that made me shiver . 
 i think i almost whimpered as i pulled him into a kiss . 
 then someone knocked at the door . 
 insistently . 
 loudly . 
 and they did not go away . 
 he pulled away from me , though one of his hands lingered over my back , the most tantalizing of rushes escaping over my skin . 
 then the person behind the door started to wail . 
 ` patti , patti ? 
 oh god , patti , are you there ? ' 
 nancy . 
 shit . 
 it was nancy . 
 ` patti , you have to come quickly . 
 something 's happened . 
 there 's been another murder . ' 
 i had a moment where i looked at denver . 
 just a flicker of a second where our eyes met . 
 cheeks pale , body stiff , i could n't believe what i was hearing . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 nancy beat my door again , probably kicking the bottom of it with one of her devilishly pointed heels . 
 denver moved past me . 
 he rushed up to the door and answered it quickly . 
 though i could n't see his face , i knew he would be glancing every which way to insure there was no immediate danger . 
 ` denver ? ' 
 nancy 's voice pitched up with surprise . 
 ` have you switched rooms with patti ? ' 
 ` no , ' he answered simply . 
 ` now what do you mean ? ' 
 ` what are you doing in her room ? ' 
 ` nancy , who has been murdered ? 
 what 's happened ? ' 
 denver thrust the door further open , and i finally saw nancy in full . 
 she saw me too . 
 in fact , she looked up with the quickest and most snapped of moves . 
 something passed between us in that moment , and it was n't mutual appreciation or friendship . 
 for a second she just stood there , her lips locked into the stiffest of smiles . 
 then she turned her full attention back to denver . 
 ` oh god , ' her voice drew on in a nauseated drawl , ` denver , it 's horrible . ' 
 ` nancy , ' he took a step forward and faced her directly , his head darting down as his eyes widened in focused interest , ` tell me what happened . 
 who 's dead ? ' 
 ` at the school . 
 they found the body on the steps . 
 oh god , i ca n't believe this is happening to our reunion class . ' 
 ` reunion class ? ' 
 denver kept his attention firmly locked on nancy . 
 for all his flaws , he sure as hell knew how to do his job . 
 from the way he handled himself , to the look of his locked shoulders and tensed jaw , he appeared ready to take on anything . 
 it was distracting . 
 for all the wrong reasons . 
 because , hello , if nancy was right , someone else had just been murdered . 
 though i would n't put it past nancy to lie just to get attention , storming in on denver screaming about murder would be over-the-top even for her . 
 i swallowed , loudly and carefully . 
 i did n't know what to say or do . 
 instead i watched denver , intently . 
 i was n't just checking out the line of his muscles under his shirt ; i was getting deliberately lost in how calm he looked in the face of such a serious and horrendous situation . 
 ` do they know who was murdered ? ' 
 denver asked patiently , yet his voice had a strong edge to it . 
 firm enough to let nancy know he needed her to answer , but not hard enough to scare the already hysterical woman into crying . 
 ` hank . 
 oh god . 
 it was hank reaver , ' nancy managed through a sob . 
 hank reaver . . . ? 
 who the hell was that ? 
 while i would freely admit that my memory was n't the best when it came to my high school classmates , i would have remembered a name like that . 
 hank reaver sounded like he belonged in a movie or an action book . 
 well , now he was dead . 
 i felt cold all over . 
 it was a marked and obvious change from the hot itch that had escaped over my skin seconds before nancy had interrupted me . 
 those thoughts and that passion were miles away now . 
 nausea pulling down at my gut and sending a frozen shiver tracking up my spine , i forced a breath and finally took a step forward . 
 my small move broke denver 's fixed attention , and he flicked his gaze over to me . 
 though he remained where he was and did n't turn around , i could see him staring at me out of the corner of his eyes . 
 he still looked confused . 
 but it was barely a flicker , and a dying one too . 
 he was in control . 
 though he looked shocked and sickened , he also appeared ready to do whatever he had to do to make things right . 
 i started to suck on my teeth . 
 an old habit from high school , i often did it when nerves beset me . 
 heck , in a couple of seconds i 'd likely be cracking out the old thumbnails for some much needed chewing too . 
 ` okay , ' denver slowly turned his attention back to nancy . 
 as he did , he took a labored breath that pushed his chest hard against his jacket . 
 for a woman who prided herself on her ability to control her lust , i could not look away . 
 ` denver , god , i knew i had to come to see you . 
 if anyone can deal with this , it 's you . ' 
 nancy suddenly thrust herself forward and right at denver . 
 again she just forced herself into his arms by barreling into his chest like a wrestler in mid throw . 
 denver stumbled and held his arms out wide and stiff , never letting them close around the tight leopard print of her dress . 
 she hung off his neck , smooshing her chest into his and practically nuzzling his neck like a long-time lover . 
 again i found myself prudishly eyeing them as i tutted under my breath . 
 if i 'd had a nana-cardigan on and pearls , i would be thumbing the beads as i neatened my sweater and shot them a disapproving look . 
 please , children , while this was a motel , it was always polite to close the door first . 
 ` ah , nancy ? ' 
 denver still had his arms held out as wide as he could . 
 the look on his face matched the frozen awkwardness of his move perfectly : peaked eyebrows , smooth , pale cheeks , and lips pressed tight over a clenched jaw . 
 ` ah . . . 
 , ' he swallowed , every neck muscle as tight as a coiled spring . 
 he clearly did n't know how to tell her to fucking get off him , so i cleared my throat and took a step forward . 
 i inserted myself right beside them , blinking up into nancy 's eyes as her face was nestled on denver 's chest . 
 ` who is hank reaver ? 
 i do n't remember that name from class . 
 are they sure he went to wetlake high ? ' 
 while i really wanted to insert a crowbar between nancy and denver to pry them apart , i settled for just standing there and blasting away with my questions like a nutter with a shotgun . 
 it half worked , and nancy at least lifted her face off denver 's chest . 
 she turned her attention on me . 
 though she had tears streaking down her cheeks , that was the extent of her emotional display . 
 there were no pools of mascara smearing underneath her eyes ; god knows a girl like nancy wore falsies . 
 neither was there any hint of true remorse or loss flickering through her gaze . 
 it was sure as hell cold though . 
 i took a moment to stare back at her and then unconsciously found myself stepping a little close to denver . 
 i was n't the kind of girl who thought she needed a man to protect her . 
 i believed women could do anything men could do . 
 from hard labor to fighting , women were capable of everything , should they have the desire and resources to try . 
 i did n't like the look in nancy 's eye though ; it was deeply unsettling . 
 i also thoroughly believed that there was safety in numbers . 
 and right now , despite my wavering feelings for the man , i was counting denver as a friend . 
 so yeah , i nuzzled up to him , getting as close as i could without pulling him back into the electrifying kiss nancy had interrupted . 
 ` you do n't remember him ? 
 how could you not remember him ? ' 
 nancy asked accusingly . 
 ` he changed his name . ' 
 denver now took a step backwards , his arms still held wide and stiff . 
 in fact , he did n't put them down until he accidently banged into my chest and quickly coughed a ` sorry ' . 
 ` from what ? ' 
 i was happy to turn my attention off nancy and back onto the world 's biggest jerk-or the world 's hottest motel man . 
 the jury was still out on that . 
 yeah , i 'd been about to indulge in a fling with denver before nancy had barged in , but now the heat of passion was abating and cold reason reminded me it would likely end in tears . 
 ` do you remember steve marshall ? ' 
 i bit my bottom lip and rolled it around against my teeth . 
 then it struck me . 
 ` the shit stirrer who spent most of his time bragging about implausible conquests while systematically picking on every girl in wetlake ? ' 
 i hazarded . 
 denver nodded , eyeing nancy warily as he took another step back and closer to me . 
 maybe denver believed there was safety in numbers too-or perhaps if nancy tried anything again , he 'd just scoop me up in his arms and claim he was already busy . 
 i gave a twisted little smile at that thought , yet it quickly soured when i remembered someone had just been murdered . 
 steve marshall . 
 okay , i 'd hardly known him . 
 he 'd just been another bully at a high school i 'd already hated . 
 now he was dead . 
 i placed my shaking hand on my stomach . 
 denver flicked his gaze over me . 
 he would know what i was thinking . 
 amongst the concern , horror , and grief , that spark of paranoia caught fire . 
 there 'd been another murder . 
 james wood clearly had n't been an accident . 
 someone was going through my reunion class . 
 ` hank had made a name for himself as a big shot radio-host down the east coast , ' nancy suddenly filled in . 
 ` it 's just . . . 
 so senseless for someone to kill him . 
 he 'd made such a success of himself . 
 the same with james . 
 why would someone want to kill those guys ? ' 
 she brought her hands up and covered her face with them . 
 sobbing loudly , her chest punched in and out as if it were a ventilator pump for an oxygen machine . 
 while no doubt she intended it to be distracting , denver did n't react . 
 he was only looking at me . 
 though i wanted to hate the guy and i really wanted to stay away from him , right then he pulled me in . 
 there was something so darn reassuring and reliable about the quality of his fixed gaze that i could almost pretend nancy was n't in the room anymore . 
 ` oh , denver , you have to do something . 
 you work for the fbi . 
 that 's why i knew i had to find you and tell you this unspeakable news . ' 
 nancy pushed herself forward , her hands still covering her face . 
 while she clearly intended for denver to jump in and wrap those solid and strong arms of his around her back , pulling her into a passionate and yet supportive hug , he clearly did n't intend to do that . 
 instead he took another step back and closer to me until he brushed right up against my arm . 
 ` the local police are dealing with this case , ' he began . 
 ` police ? 
 but you 're an agent for the government . 
 is n't there something-anything-you can do ? 
 i would just feel so much safer knowing that you 're here for us , for me . ' 
 ` wetlake police department is doing everything it can . 
 and if this case requires escalation beyond this jurisdiction , we will escalate it . 
 rest assured everyone will be doing everything to catch this killer . ' 
 denver straightened as he spoke . 
 he also slipped into what sounded like a rehearsed set of statements . 
 ` right now , nance , i suggest you go to your room and get yourself a glass of water . 
 i 'll go make some polite enquiries with my brother . ' 
 polite ? 
 more like pointed and delivered on the tips of his bone-white knuckles . 
 i did n't interrupt though . 
 i just waited until denver eventually managed to force nancy out of the room . 
 without a word to me , he silently closed the door and crossed to the middle of the room , plucking out his cellphone as he did . 
 i stood there and watched in total silence , my arms hooked tight around me middle . 
 though he held my gaze , he fidgeted as he waited for his call to go through . 
 running his thumb over his nose and jaw , he tapped the phone with his fingers and scraped his stiff lips across his clenched teeth . 
 ` shit , ' he managed eventually , ` thorne 's not picking up . ' 
 ` is that any surprise ? ' 
 ` he might hate me , but he knows how to do his job . 
 he also knows-deep down-that i 'm only trying to help . ' 
 denver pocketed the phone and ran his hands over his head , no doubt letting the short stubble of his crew-cut pluck against his fingers and palms . 
 ` what . . . 
 , ' i tried to ask what we 'd do next . 
 i could n't force the words through my choppy and erratic breath . 
 heck , that i was breathing at all was a bloody miracle . 
 my chest was such a tight mess of emotion and shock it felt like it was turning to stone . 
 ` i 'm going to go and try and find out about this murder . 
 see if i can confirm what nancy told us . ' 
 ` denver , that 's not . . . 
 , ' i trailed off , about to point out that was not what i wanted to know . 
 i needed him to tell me what i had to do next , if i was going to be next . 
 by the sounds of it , hank reaver had made a true success of himself , lending yet more evidence to my theory that the killer of wetlake high was going after its most successful graduates . 
 i stopped myself though . 
 i could n't be this selfish . 
 not now . 
 not when the news of hank 's murder had just broken . 
 denver took a long time to face me . 
 in fact , he looked solidly around the room until he stared at my feet . 
 then he finally flicked his penetrating gaze all the way up to my face . 
 ` patti , you have to trust me , we 'll do everything we can to figure out what 's going on here . 
 and if you are in danger , we will take immediate and effective steps to mitigate any threat . ' 
 there he went again , sounding as if he 'd rehearsed every one of his words . 
 there was undeniable comfort behind them though , so i forced a breath and managed a nod . 
 ` i 'm going to go and find out what 's going on . ' 
 denver nodded towards the door . 
 panic suddenly filled me . 
 hard and palpable , it felt like something sharp had made its way into my very veins and arteries . 
 ` no , denver , i ca n't stay here . ' 
 ` no you ca n't . 
 that 's why you 're coming with me . ' 
 though he spoke quickly and directly , i swear there was a slight smile behind his words . 
 nodding firmly , i took another enormous breath . 
 though my chest punched out about a mile , denver did n't glance down at it once . 
 with all his attention , he focused like a laser on my eyes . 
 i was starting to realize i 'd underestimated denver scott . 
 maybe i 'd been too quick to judge the guy . 
 perhaps i 'd been too willing to bury that epic teenage crush . 
 under all the questions and the grumpiness , denver was still there , just as simmering hot as ever . 
 ` get your jacket , grab a bottle of water , and meet me in my car . ' 
 he walked past me and started to open the door . 
 he stopped . 
 his brow crumpled with confusion . 
 he looked like he desperately wanted to ask me something . 
 for a man who was entirely comfortable with pouncing upon you with question after question , it was remarkable to note how indecisive he looked right now . 
 i did n't need to be a clairvoyant to realize what he wanted to ask and why he did n't want to ask it . 
 what , if anything , had just happened between us ? 
 it was a question i could n't actually answer , so rather than give him the time to ask it , i grabbed up my bottle , trundled into the bathroom to fill it , and then met him back at the door with a sharp nod . 
 ` patti . . . 
 , ' he began , turning to me slowly . 
 i reached past him for the door handle and tugged it open . 
 i barely met his gaze . 
 shit , i was doing it again-trying to hide form him while standing right next to him . 
 i practically raced out the door , though not too fast , and i certainly did n't get too far ahead . 
 while i was trying assiduously to avoid having that conversation with denver , i had n't lost my mind completely . 
 out there could be someone who wanted me dead . 
 from ax-wielding woodsmen to vengeful nanas to plain old psychopaths . 
 there had been two murders in the space of two days . 
 shaking , and feeling cold and confused , i trampled over the short grass and over to the car park . 
 i turned , pressing my back hard into the passenger-seat door as i waited for denver . 
 glancing up when i realized he was taking too long , i saw him slowly pacing up and down in front of my room while he held his cellphone hard against his ear . 
 though i could n't see his face too well , i bet he glanced my way more than once , and i bet his brow furrowed with incalculable confusion at the same time . 
 ` stop being an idiot , ' i told myself through a whispered breath , ` either get over it or do something about it . ' 
 before i could decide whether i really wanted to get over denver scott , something happened . 
 that something was a scream . 
 loud and penetrating , it came from one of the motel rooms . 
 though i was all the way outside , the shrill quality of it still made me jump with surprise , my jacket snagging on the door handle of denver 's car . 
 denver pivoted on his foot , dropping the phone to his side . 
 then he ran forward . 
 my heart was a beating , wild mess in my chest , and my mouth was bone dry like the sands of the sahara . 
 suddenly one of the motel doors burst open and someone flung themselves out . 
 i took several darted steps forward , eyes so wide open they started to sting . 
 i waited to see blood , to see the flash of a knife , to hear the ear-splitting bang of a gun . 
 nothing . 
 except for nancy . 
 she came pelting out of the room as if death itself chased her . 
 denver reached her just as nancy fell and slammed hard against the concrete of the porch . 
 she was still shouting , screaming at the top of her lungs , her words a jumbled mess . 
 no longer frozen to the spot , i pushed forward . 
 slow at first , once i hit the grass , i managed a jerky jog . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 no one answered me . 
 instead denver leant down to nancy then snapped up and entered her room . 
 if my heart had been a wild mess before , now i lost all connection to it . 
 as my fear and panic peaked , a cold wash of dread passed over me detaching me from every sensation as a fog filled my mind . 
 ` denver ? ' 
 i called out to him . 
 ` denver ? 
 what 's going on ? ' 
 i made it up the steps of the porch , my knees wobbling everywhere . 
 nancy was still on the ground , sobbing , her hair drawn in a tangled mess over her face and arms . 
 i did n't like the woman , and probably never would , but that did n't stop me from leaning down and trying to comfort her . 
 as i did , i saw other doors opening as people popped their heads out to see what was going on . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 the kid from reception called out as he pelted across the lawn . 
 i had no frigging idea ; nancy was a screaming mess and denver had disappeared into her room without a word . 
 ` nancy , are you okay ? ' 
 i asked , not expecting an answer . 
 as i did , i tried to lean back to glance in through her half-open door . 
 before i could peer around it , denver finally appeared . 
 his face was ashen white . 
 if there had been any doubt in my mind that this was serious , it dried up in the exact ghostly quality of his gaze . 
 the kid from reception had finally reached us . 
 he gave nancy a freaked-out glance before trying to duck past denver to get into her room . 
 denver put a hand up and stopped him in place . ' 
 i work here , ' the kid snapped , ` if there 's something wrong with the room - ' ` and i work for the fbi . 
 this is now a crime scene . 
 i 've already contacted the police , and they are on their way . 
 i need you to keep people away from this room and to try to calm the other guests down . ' 
 ` hold on , how the hell do i know you 're in the fbi , man ? ' 
 the kid spluttered , still trying to lean past denver . 
 denver reached into his pocket and drew out his wallet . 
 ` you got any questions , you call the fbi and you quote the number on my badge . ' 
 the kid swallowed . 
 he obviously realized this was not some game and shit had very much just gotten real . 
 i slowly stood up . 
 ` denver . . . ? ' 
 ` patti , just stay there with nancy . ' 
 ` what 's in the room ? ' 
 i too tried to lean past denver . 
 ` what 's going on ? ' 
 ` the police are on their way , ' he dodged around my question deftly . 
 wordlessly i stared at him . 
 i knew that no matter how much i questioned him , he was n't going to reveal a thing . 
 so i just stood there and waited . 
 feeling cold all over and hardly capable of drawing a breath , i watched in a daze as the police finally arrived , drawing into the car park at full pelt , their tires skidding over the gravel . 
 flashbacks of the body at the reunion haunted my mind , and the lights of the squad cars sent cold memories of the aftermath seeping through my bones . 
 though i stood there in dazed astonishment-exactly as i had after i 'd found james ' body-at some point i was told to return to my room . 
 i did n't catch sight of denver through the confusion and mess , and soon found myself sitting on the edge of my bed , staring warily at the walls while listening intently to every scrap of conversation that filtered through them . 
 something huge must have happened to garner this much attention . 
 but what ? 
 not for the first time , i found myself shaking as i clamped my teeth hard together . 
 i ca n't tell you how long i stayed there waiting for a knock on the door or at the very least a phone call from denver . 
 as the night settled in cold and dark , i did n't dare turn on a light . 
 i just sat there on my bed and i waited for someone to tell me what in the holy hell was going on in this town . 
 chapter 9 i woke to someone knocking insistently on my door . 
 a bleary-eyed mess , it took me a moment to shake myself from the confusion of sleep . 
 then i remembered . 
 mouth drying and head pounding with confusion and dregs of fear and panic , i pushed myself up . 
 ` denver ? ' 
 i snapped as i made it to the door , pulling it open with a desperate tug . 
 ` no , thorne , actually . ' 
 thorne scott stood there , one hand still raised from where he 'd been knocking on the door . ' 
 i thought i would just come and check to see how you are . ' 
 i stared at him mutely . 
 how i was ? 
 confused , deeply shocked , and just a little shattered . 
 i had no idea what was going on , and it felt far more isolating and dangerous than knowing there was a murderer on my tail . 
 ` what 's . . . 
 happening here ? ' 
 i managed . 
 ` look , there 's been an . . . 
 incident . 
 but we 're dealing with it . ' 
 ` what happened in nancy 's room ? 
 what did you find ? ' ' 
 i ca n't share the details of the investigation - ' ` fuck the investigation . 
 i need to know what 's going on here , now . 
 people keep being murdered . 
 what the hell is happening in this town ? ' 
 ` patti , ' half-whispering , thorne checked over his shoulder before pushing the door open slightly . 
 he looked like he wanted to come inside so he could continue the conversation in private . 
 i just stood there though , ramrod straight and staring at him with a fear-laced and yet determined expression . 
 ` thorne , what is going on ? ' 
 he had to tell me something , anything . 
 i could n't just stay here in my motel room , waiting around for the next murder as i twiddled my thumbs and combed my hair . ' 
 i ca n't share the details of this investigation , ' he said again , voice stronger this time , ` but we 're doing everything we can . ' 
 ` i 've got to leave , ' i finally realized . 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` i 've got to get out of this goddamn town . ' 
 i turned sharply on my foot as the conclusion pounded down with the sure blow of a hammer . 
 ` we need to question everyone in the motel . ' 
 thorne now walked into the room and closed the door gently behind him . 
 ` patti , i understand you 're scared , but - ' ` scared ? 
 really ? 
 you think i 'm just scared ? 
 i 'm beside myself . 
 someone put a postcard in my room with a threatening message on it - ' ` look , i already told you it 's highly unlikely that 's related to this case . 
 it 's probably just a couple of kids acting up . ' 
 ` not related to the case ? ' 
 i spat back , dumbfounded . 
 ` does n't it mean i 'm next ? ' 
 ` none of the . . . 
 victims have received threats like yours . ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` so what was in nancy 's room then ? ' 
 letting out a tight , disbelieving gasp , he shook his head all the harder . 
 ` something else . ' 
 ` what ? 
 i know you ca n't share the details of the case with me , but , thorne , i 'm going insane here . ' 
 ` just trust me , nobody is after you . 
 and i 'm doing - ' ` everything you can , ' i finished for him . 
 then i stopped . 
 i stopped pacing the room , i stopped berating thorne , and i stopped staring at my bathroom and waiting for the murderer to jump out of the shower . 
 he watched me in silence for a moment . 
 ` i 'm sorry . ' 
 ` for what ? ' 
 i looked up . 
 ` that your trip back to wetlake coincided with . . . 
 this . 
 whatever this is . 
 it 's really a nice place , and the folk here are charming and down to earth . ' 
 i wanted to add they were so down to earth that they were willing to stick you six feet under it , but i held my tongue . 
 ` right , i should let you get some rest . 
 you 'll be contacted sometime in the morning to give your statement . ' 
 thorne rammed his hands in his pockets as he shrugged towards the door . ' 
 i wo n't be here , ' i stuttered quickly . 
 ` sorry ? 
 you need to give your statement . 
 you can leave after that . ' 
 ` ca n't i give my statement now ? 
 i do n't want to stay here another minute . ' 
 ` patti , it 's two in the morning . 
 it 's dark outside . 
 and at this time , the roads are covered with animals . 
 it 's not safe . 
 you 've had a long day . 
 drowsiness can kill . 
 just wait until the morning . ' 
 everything he said made sense . 
 i did n't want to hear sense right now though . 
 stalking over to my suitcase , i started to finish packing . 
 ` hey , i would be negligent if i let you drive like this . ' 
 he walked up behind me and kind of hovered there , clearly not wanting to do something brash like grabbing me , yet still wanting to stop my frantic packing . 
 ` weather conditions can change quickly on some of the higher roads . 
 if you are n't prepared and you are n't rested , it 's god darn easy to crash . 
 trust me ; i 've attended more accidents than i ever want to remember . 
 patti , just calm down . ' 
 i wanted to throw something at him , but i restrained myself . ' 
 i ca n't stay here . ' 
 ` fine , but i 'm telling you , i 'm not going to let you go either . 
 you can leave in the morning . ' 
 ` i 'll just sleep in my car then , ' i concluded angrily . 
 ` we can find you someplace else to stay . ' 
 ` as you already pointed out , it 's two in the fucking morning . 
 and this is wetlake . 
 everywhere is booked out , and no one is going to be staffing a lobby at this time in the morning . 
 so i will sleep in my car . ' 
 ` hey , that 's not an option . 
 okay . . . 
 look . . . 
 you can . . . 
 , ' he began . 
 i looked up sharply . ' 
 i have a spare room , ' he hazarded awkwardly . ' 
 i have to go back to work , but you can have free reign of my house if you want to . ' 
 i did n't want to stay here ; i could n't stay in this motel a second longer , let alone for another night . 
 but could i really take thorne up on his offer and go back to his house ? 
 it did n't matter if he would n't there ; it would be a terribly personal and familiar move to accept the invite . 
 i 'd just met the man again for the first time in years . 
 did i really have any other option though ? 
 ` you can leave in the morning after you 've given your statement , ' he repeated once more . 
 i nodded . 
 he let a trapped breath through his teeth . 
 then he took a brief moment to push his fingers hard into his crumpled brow . 
 he looked tired and very , very stressed out . 
 a little of my hardened anger began to melt . 
 i was n't the only one wrapped up in this situation . 
 and while i was dealing with the stress of figuring out if i was next in line for the killer 's devoted attention , thorne had to deal with the responsibility of stopping this before another body wound up dead in the roses . ' 
 i am . . . 
 sorry , ' i managed , ` sorry for being so stressed out and irascible . 
 this must have been a really terrible night for you . ' 
 ` yeah , with one thing and another , i missed dinner . ' 
 he pressed his lips together , his chin dimpling in the world 's smallest smile . 
 ` so did i. ' i returned the world 's smallest smile . 
 ` you want to grab your stuff ? 
 you can follow me in your car , and i 'll lead you back to my house . 
 like i said , i ca n't stay long though . ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` thank you , thorne . 
 and sorry - ' ` you do n't need to apologize , patti . 
 you just need to keep safe and get some rest . ' 
 i let my smile deepen at that . 
 his tone was genuine and the look he matched it with was about as honest as they came . 
 i 'd been too hard on this guy , had n't i ? 
 just like his brother , i 'd been too quick to write him off when he 'd done something i had n't liked . 
 we were all stressed , and i had to start taking account of that . 
 i finished packing quickly and then dragged my luggage out to my car . 
 offering the darkened motel a final look , i wondered whether i should go and find denver to tell him where i was going and that i was okay . 
 yet i doubted he would be in . 
 denver would be out trying to get to the bottom of this case-or maybe he would be in the pub trying to drown out whatever he 'd seen in nancy 's room . 
 imagination driving me wild , i followed thorne 's car as he led me slowly through the dark night . 
 i drove mechanically with just enough attention saved for the road and his taillights so i did n't crash . 
 the rest of me ran over the day 's events obsessively . 
 first the postcard on my toilet , then the murder of hank reaver , and now whatever had been in nancy 's room . 
 it all had to be connected , right ? 
 though i did n't know what nancy had found , it just had to be something grisly , did n't it ? 
 i 'd seen how ashen denver 's face had turned , and he did not seem like the kind of guy to lose his stomach over a mere splatter of blood or the sight of a lifeless corpse . 
 ` come on , think , ' i mumbled to myself . 
 i wanted to figure this all out , but i had to face facts : i did n't know enough even to begin to try . 
 all too soon , i watched thorne pull his car up a long driveway , and i turned in behind him . 
 he led me up to a small but charming log cabin with dark firs and pine trees that hemmed it in from all sides . 
 the grass along the path was long and untrimmed , and what had once undoubtedly been a garden was now a collection of rampant ivy and a few scant bushes . 
 thorne was obviously not one for property maintenance . 
 ` sorry about the yard , ' he muttered as he waved a hand up and activated the outside light , ` that 's the problem about living out in the wilds ; there ai n't that much you can do to keep it at bay . ' 
 the wilds . 
 i had n't ever thought of wetlake as being wild . 
 boring , yes , and terribly , terribly pedestrian and drab . 
 now as i walked through the shadows and up to thorne 's door , i took a moment to pause and take in the view . 
 there was a gap between the dark spruces to my left , and it led down to a dramatic view of the mountain ranges beyond . 
 touched with the silver and ghostly white of a half-moon , they looked rugged and yes , wild . 
 drawing in a deep breath , i smelt the damp of rain and the dank earthiness of the forest around me . 
 lingering there , i heard the call of animals . 
 it made me shiver . 
 ` it 's an incredible view ; it 's why i bought this place . 
 it 's cold as hell in winter-most of the year , in fact-but you can see for miles and miles . 
 you do n't get a place like this in the city . ' 
 thorne wrestled with his keys in the front door and then shouldered it open . 
 ` okay , i have to warn you , i 'm a single guy living alone , and the place is a tip . 
 if you kick the old videos and papers off the bed in the spare room , you 'll be fine though . 
 sorry i ca n't come in to give you a hand , but i have to get back to the station . ' 
 i nodded at him . 
 ` thank you , ' i gave a croaky whisper as he shifted past me . 
 still facing me as he walked backwards , he gave a low nod . 
 ` i 'll see you in the morning . 
 if you need to contact me , just call the local station . ' 
 i nodded , pushing my lose hair behind my ears . 
 ` i 'll be back around seven-ish . 
 have . . . 
 a good night , ' he coughed awkwardly then turned and left . 
 i watched him go . 
 i even waited there on his over-grown path until i heard his car scrape over the driveway until it reached the main road far below . 
 the night air was still fresh , and the forest behind was still dark and laced with the call of animals and insets . 
 if i 'd been feeling in a braver mood , maybe i would have stood there staring at that thin slit of a view through the break in the spruces and pines . 
 yet as another call split the air , i shivered and made it quickly inside . 
 closing the door behind myself with a gentle and hesitant move , i turned to survey thorne scott 's house . 
 it was a tip , but perhaps not a deliberate one . 
 it was n't full of rubbish or junk-just stuff , and lots of it . 
 there were boots , jackets , tools , and boxes of wood for the winter . 
 amongst all the mounds and piles was a kitchen though , and beyond that a small lounge room . 
 a very warn and dark-brown leather couch was turned towards a set of large windows . 
 the view was breathtaking . 
 the house was raised up on stilts on this side , and the windows looked right out over some short firs and into the mountain ranges beyond . 
 the still and dark beauty of the scene was different to the city ; thorne was entirely right about that . 
 i walked over to the couch and sat down . 
 the house was cold , but i just wrapped my arms closely around my middle and kept on staring out of the windows . 
 eyes wide , i ca n't tell you how long i sat there like that . 
 eventually i lay down , pulling a threadbare , crochet pillow under my head and finally closing my eyes . 
 from threats to murders to interrupted trysts with scott boys , my day had been viciously harsh . 
 closing my eyes to that startling and rugged view , i could n't deny wetlake was n't how i remembered . 
 dangerous , confusing , and beyond wild . 
 chapter 10 i woke up to the smell of eggs and dill . 
 my stomach rumbling in anticipation before i 'd even blinked my eyes open , i sat up . 
 i was n't in my own bed ; i was n't at the motel either . 
 forcing back the sleep , i swiveled my eyes to the left and was immediately struck by the incredible view beyond . 
 the sun was already peeping above the tall mountain ranges and sending long lines of glimmering light tracing along the ragged peaks . 
 it was such a stark sight that i stared at it for entirely too long until i remembered where i was and why i was here . 
 i stood up , pivoting my head towards the kitchen . 
 thorne was n't there , but as i padded across his worn carpet , i saw a skillet on the gas stove , several eggs spitting away inside . 
 hearing running water , i followed a short corridor that branched off into several junk-filled rooms . 
 turning a corner , i finally saw thorne . 
 without a shirt on . 
 ` oh , sorry , ' i took a sharp step backwards . 
 he was leaning over a sink , shaving , wearing sweat pants but no shirt . 
 he glanced my way , tugging the razor over his soap-covered throat . 
 ` it 's fine . 
 i thought you were still asleep . 
 i did n't want to disturb you . ' 
 i turned , trying to give him some privacy . 
 though thorne had an incredible physique , i did n't want to stand in the door to his bathroom and ogle him while he shaved . 
 ` do you mind checking the eggs for me ? ' 
 he nodded towards the kitchen . 
 ` sure , ' i mumbled , trundling back down the corridor . 
 my cheeks felt hot , and hell , they probably were . 
 rubbing at them to chase away the flush , i reached the kitchen and pried at the eggs with a metal spatula . 
 before i could decide whether they were done , thorne walked in , tugging a shirt over his head . 
 reaching past me , he grabbed up two pieces of toast just as they jumped out of the toaster . 
 chucking them on two waiting plates , he turned off the gas . ' 
 i hope you like eggs , because that 's all i 've got . 
 i have n't had a chance to grab any groceries for a while ; i 've been kind of busy . ' 
 ` it 's fine . 
 they smell great . ' 
 i scrunched my lips together as i tried to think of something else to say . 
 the truth was , i had nothing but questions for thorne , but i realized he was n't going to answer any of them . 
 so instead i trailed into an awkward silence as i picked at the worn edges of my jacket . ' 
 i thought you 'd take the spare bed . ' 
 thorne scraped the eggs onto the toast , again not exactly placing them so much as chucking them . 
 he clearly was n't a chef , but his food still smelt great . 
 then again , maybe he was the one who smelt great : a mix of shaving gel , fresh herbs , and coffee . 
 ` do you want to grab the pepper from the spice rack over there ? ' 
 he gestured with his spatula . 
 i obediently picked it up then followed him over to his very small and very dirty table . 
 placing the plates down , he swept away his piles of paper and maps , and gestured for me to take a seat . 
 ` you sleep okay ? ' 
 he asked as he pushed a plate over to me , obviously not caring that the chipped ceramic of the base scraped over the veneer of the wood . 
 i nodded . 
 despite the fact i 'd been cold and the couch had been lumpy , as soon as i 'd allowed my eyes to close , they had n't opened again until morning . 
 late morning if the height of the sun was anything to go by . 
 ` i 've got to apologize for the mess again . 
 i 'm really not used to visitors . 
 the only people i get coming around are my dad when he 's here to help with a fallen-down tree or my mum when she has spare casserole left over . ' 
 i smiled . 
 ` not really the most glamorous of bachelors , am i ? ' 
 thorne chuckled through a swallow . 
 though his observation seemed innocent , there was a hint of something else flickering behind his eyes . 
 defensiveness . 
 i recognized it ; i 'd felt it before myself . 
 it was the sense that others were judging you for something you were proud of . 
 thorne had clearly chosen his current lifestyle , and while it lacked sizzle and style , he appeared to enjoy it . 
 that would n't stop him from realizing a lot of people would turn their noses up at the piles of tools and maps , and their mother dragging around leftovers every sunday . 
 i did n't answer ; instead i took a bite of my eggs . 
 i realized how delicious they were just as my stomach reminded me how freaking hungry i was . 
 i 'd hardly eaten at all yesterday . 
 ` these are great , ' i managed between a mouthful . 
 ` they come from my own chickens . 
 and there 's garlic and dill and parsley from the garden . 
 i ca n't say the oil is mine ; that comes from the supermarket . 
 but the bread is locally made . ' 
 ` wow , you could start your own boutique b&b here ; people would empty their wallets for rustic food like this where i come from . ' ' 
 i do n't think i 'd pass the standards ; my entire house is a tripping hazard . 
 but thanks for the compliment anyway . ' 
 as soon as i finished my eggs , thorne disappeared into the kitchen and grabbed me a steaming hot mug of coffee . 
 i immediately took a sip , despite the heat rising off it . 
 ` wow , do you happen to grow your own coffee too ? 
 because this is great . ' 
 thorne laughed . 
 ` no , owing to the fact coffee is a tropical crop . 
 the milk is local though , and there 's a little honey in it from one of my hives . ' 
 ` you have hives ? ' 
 thorne laughed again . 
 ` as in the bees , not the blisters . 
 but yeah , they 're out back . ' 
 i indulged in another long sip of coffee , enjoying the bouquet and getting lost in the steam as it played across my cheeks and nose . 
 looking up , i saw that thorne was glancing my way , a half-smile shaking up his lips . 
 ` what ? ' 
 i wiped my nose in case it was covered in milk or egg . 
 ` nothing . 
 i just . . . 
 , ' he rested back in his chair and scratched his head , ` did n't think a city girl like you would appreciate a breakfast like this . ' 
 ` homemade bread and honey fresh out of a hive ? 
 are you nuts ? 
 of course i 'm loving this . 
 it beats the nasty sandwich i picked up from the motel yesterday . ' 
 we dwindled into silence as i continued to drink my coffee . 
 occasionally i would glance over thorne 's shoulder and get lost in the view again . 
 then occasionally i would glance back and get lost in an entirely different view . 
 thorne scott-a home-cooking , rugged , mountain man with stubble to match and a stomach you could strike a match off . 
 he had a distracting and deservedly good physique , but he was smoother than most of the buff guys i met in the city and a heck of a lot less lumpy . 
 thorne did n't get his definition and muscles by sweating madly while staring at himself in the mirror and pumping iron . 
 he got it by working-by trekking through the mountains and lugging lumber around his yard . 
 sure , his face had a bit more sun damage and a lot less moisturizer than you 'd find on a city boy , but i did n't mind one bit . 
 thorne was the genuine article . 
 a genuine article who was now sitting across the small table from me and industriously staring at his empty plate rather than glancing my way . 
 i was suddenly struck by how . . . 
 different he was . 
 not just from the boy i 'd crushed on during all of high school , but your usual stereotype of a classically good-looking guy . 
 he was charming , but he sure as heck was n't confident-or at least not the kind of impenetrable confidence you found in your average city slicker with cash to burn and wild times on his mind . 
 humble . 
 that 's it . 
 that was the perfect word for thorne scott . 
 he was full of this rugged , country decency . 
 he wanted to do the right thing by you . 
 that 's why he 'd tried to reassure me the postcard meant nothing , and that 's why he 'd offered me his own house rather than letting me drive in the dark through roads i barely remembered and my gps often mistook for fields . 
 he desperately wanted to do the right thing by me . 
 i was thawing out something quick , and trying hard not to let it show . 
 ` so . . . 
 you want to give that statement and get on your way ? ' 
 he nodded to the door . 
 ` yeah . . . 
 of course . 
 but . . . 
 thanks . ' 
 ` you do n't need to thank me , patti . 
 i feel i owe it to you . 
 i know it must seem i did n't take that postcard seriously , but i just wanted to put your mind at ease . 
 if anything else had come up , i would have acted on it immediately . ' 
 i offered him a commiserating and gentle smile as i realized how tired he looked . ' 
 i know . 
 and i 'm sorry for overreacting . ' 
 ` oh hell , there you go again , apologizing for something you should n't be . 
 you were scared , and you had every right to be . 
 i should have tried harder , ' he stopped midway through his sentence . 
 he was thinking about the murders , was n't he ? 
 and whatever he 'd found in nancy 's room . 
 a lump formed in my throat , and no matter how hard i tried , i could not swallow it down . 
 ` we should get going . 
 then you 'll have plenty of daylight for your long drive . ' 
 he gestured to the full sun streaming in through the windows behind him . 
 it was time to head home , so why was n't i jumping for my keys and racing out to my car ? 
 ` how . . . 
 about i do the dishes ? ' 
 i stood up . 
 ` ha ? 
 no , you do n't have to do that . 
 because to do the dishes , you 're going to have to find the sink first . 
 and that 's going to be an archaeological dig through last week 's plates and bowls . ' 
 laughing , i grabbed his plate before he could stop me . 
 ` come on , it 's not that bad . ' 
 ` i 'll have to take your word for it . 
 but seriously , just leave the dishes . 
 we have to get you to the station so you can give your statement and finally get back home , ha ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 slowly . 
 i wanted to say that i 'd changed my mind , and that i 'd give wetlake another chance , anything for another one of thorne 's breakfasts . 
 i did n't get the opportunity though . 
 we both turned as we heard a car pull up the long dirt driveway . 
 thorne 's brow crumpled heavily . ' 
 i know that ai n't my mum ; she does n't make casseroles on the weekend . ' 
 i laughed at his lame joke and followed him as he walked towards the door . 
 he opened it without pause . 
 then he stopped . 
 so did i. and so did denver as he stood there on the other side of the door , hand clasped into a loose fist as he looked ready to knock . 
 shit . 
 denver . 
 he looked right at me , and i knew exactly what he was thinking . 
 i 'd moved on from one brother quick smart to the next . 
 ` what the hell are you doing here ? ' 
 thorne asked pointedly . 
 it took denver a few seconds to stop staring at me . ' 
 i had to come and tell you in person . ' 
 ` what ? ' ' 
 a federal taskforce is being created . 
 this is no longer solely a local matter . 
 from now on , you 'll be working with the fbi . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 ` these murders involved interstate travelers , and the sequence of events thus far suggests the activities of a serial killer ; both of these are federal matters and fall under the investigative guidelines of the fbi . ' ' 
 i do n't need to be told the law , denver , ' thorne snapped . 
 ` you 're taking the case off the wetlake police ? ' 
 i asked quietly from behind thorne , already lost . 
 ` no . ' 
 denver barely glanced my way . 
 ` this is not the movies . 
 the fbi does n't and ca n't sweep in and take an investigation off local law enforcement . 
 we have been called in to assist though , and we will be starting up a task force . ' ' 
 i do n't need your help , ' thorne spat back . 
 ` we can do this on our own . ' 
 ` do n't be such an ass ; this is n't about you . 
 we have a potential serial killer on our hands . 
 the only way to catch this guy and to do it quick enough is to draw on federal resources . ' 
 denver 's expression went beyond stony ; he was glacial . 
 ` guys , ' i said quietly . 
 ` you think we ca n't handle this ? ' 
 thorne let go of the door and stepped close to his brother . 
 ` guys , ' i raised my voice . 
 ` how many times do i have to tell you , this is not about you . 
 and yes , you ca n't handle this alone . 
 us law is explicit on that one . 
 this matter crosses state borders and is far bigger than wetlake . 
 you 've already had two interstate travelers brutally murdered . 
 are you going to wait until there 's another one until you accept you need every resource we can give you ? ' 
 denver flicked his gaze to me and then quickly returned his furious attention to his brother . 
 he 'd glanced my way only for a split second . 
 the effect on me was instant though-i grabbed a hand to my mouth as a powerful wave of sickness rushed through me . 
 another one ? 
 a serial killer ? 
 shit . 
 did denver still think i 'd be next ? 
 thorne practically hissed at his brother , but did n't say another word . 
 ` now , i did n't mean to interrupt you two - ' denver began . ' 
 i was just sleeping on the couch , ' i announced immediately and really awkwardly . 
 in fact , thorne looked around blinkingly at my rather stressed assertion . 
 i coughed as i felt my cheeks turn bright red and tried to compose myself . 
 ` ah . . . 
 i was just on my way to the police station to give a statement . ' 
 ` and then she 's heading out of town , ' thorne filled in , his tone unreadable . 
 ` yeah , ' i agreed in perhaps the dodgiest tone i 'd ever used . 
 clearing my throat , i nodded my head repeatedly . 
 christ , there was nothing going on between thorne and i-or at least not yet-but here i was frothing at the mouth in my attempts to allay denver 's fears . 
 not done making an ass out of myself , i tugged my hair over my shoulder and promptly got my ring stuck in it . 
 ` right , whatever , ' denver finally managed , his glacial stare thawing slightly , but still decidedly edgy and mean . 
 ` it 's a good idea to get out of town , but you 're going to have to share details of where you 're headed . ' 
 ` of course . 
 i 'm not in any . . . 
 real danger , am i ? 
 thorne 's right , yeah ? 
 this is just a misunderstanding ? 
 just some dumb joke ? 
 none of the others received threats , did they ? ' 
 it was a real struggle forcing out my jumbled thoughts , but i managed it . 
 it was even more of a struggle considering both scott brothers were looking at me intently , both as moody as the other . 
 ` no , ' thorne said . ' 
 i do n't know , ' denver spoke over him . 
 ` we 'll play this by the book . 
 so far all three suspected murders have been people attending the reunion . ' 
 ` sorry , three ? 
 what do you mean three suspected murders ? 
 has there been another one ? ' 
 i spluttered . 
 denver looked pissed off at himself for a moment and even shook his head . 
 ` smooth , ' thorne muttered . 
 ` it does n't matter ; it 'll come out in the papers soon enough . 
 and god knows we ca n't stop people in a small town like this from chatting . ' 
 denver thumbed his nose as he spoke gruffly . 
 ` this has something to do with nancy 's room , does n't it ? 
 what did you find in there ? 
 and what happened to her ? ' 
 neither of the scotts answered me , instead choosing to face me with virtually the same stiff-lipped silence . 
 this was driving me mad . 
 i put a hand up quickly and forced my fingernails hard into my palm . 
 ` fine , i get it . 
 i 'll just go home and wait on the couch until this hits the news or i get a knock on the door from a guy with a gun . ' 
 ` that is n't going to happen , ' thorne began . 
 ` you 'll be monitored , ' denver spoke over the top of him . 
 well shit . 
 fine . 
 i took a sharp breath . 
 my stay in wetlake was over . 
 no more tempting brushes with denver in motels , and no more home-cooked breakfasts with thorne up in the mountains . 
 which was probably a good thing . 
 if the threat of possibly maybe impending murder were n't enough , the animosity between these too would drive me nuts . 
 i took a sharp step forward and headed for the door , scratching my neck hard with my nails as i went . 
 ` i 'll give my statement and go . ' 
 though denver reluctantly got out of my way , he gave me one of the most conflicted looks i 'd ever seen-half-angry , half-worried , and all messed up . 
 i tried to ignore what it did to my stomach and nerves , and headed straight out to my car . 
 ` hey , i 'll be right behind you , ' thorne said quickly , ` just let me get dressed . ' 
 i waved in reply as i listened to the front door close . 
 before it did , i heard the two brothers exchange some highly charged words . 
 christ , anymore of this and there 'd be two more murders in wetlake ; thorne and denver would kill each other and likely take the house down with them . 
 walking over to my car , i quickly heard that someone was following me . 
 denver . 
 shit . 
 i reached my car and grabbed my keys from my bag . 
 i was n't quick enough to open the door , start the ignition , and speed off though ; he reached me . 
 he did n't clear his throat , and neither did he ask me to stop ; he placed a hand on my shoulder . 
 it was n't aggressive , and his fingers did n't weigh down heavily into the muscle and flesh . 
 but damn did it send all the wrong kinds of tingles through my stomach and up my back . 
 it was like electricity blasting through my veins . 
 letting out possibly the most pathetic noise in the history of utterances , i fought the urge to duck forward and shelter in my car . 
 i could n't keep on trying to hide from this guy while he was right there . 
 finally i mustered the courage to turn . 
 though he let his hand drop as i shifted , that did n't change the fact he was right there , barely a half meter away , close enough so that i could see the exact expression playing through his eyes . 
 ` denver ? ' 
 i shook a little as i said his name . 
 i was usually far more confident than this . 
 then again , my life had never been this complex . 
 my usual dates did not involve murder , intrigue , and a double crush on the world 's moodiest brothers . 
 ` what happened last night ? ' 
 he asked directly . 
 i had to snort at that . 
 really ? 
 did he think he 'd known me long enough to be that direct ? 
 while something had almost happened with us in the motel room , the operative word there was almost . 
 we were not together , and he had no real right to inquire what i 'd done last night . 
 he did n't ask again ; he simply locked me in the same damn deep and questioning look until i snorted and gave up . 
 ` though it 's none of your business , nothing happened . 
 i went back to my room and there i stayed until thorne came around to tell me what had happened-though he did n't end up telling me much at all . 
 when i told him i 'd had jack of this town and what was happening here , and that i wanted to drive home , he tried to stop me . 
 he told me it was safer to leave in the morning , and me being the complicit and sensible girl that i am , i believed him . 
 when i told him i could n't bear the thought of staying at the motel , he said i could crash in his house while he was at work . 
 i woke up approximately half an hour ago and i ate eggs with fresh dill at his kitchen table . 
 and then you showed up and started asking all your damn personal questions , as usual , ' i blurted out my long account , voice harsh and quick . 
 i wanted denver to know he had no right to be a -rrb- inquiring about me , and b -rrb- judging what i 'd done . 
 denver 's gaze did not change . 
 he did not look relieved and neither did he look moved in any way . 
 ` that 's not what i meant . 
 but thank you for that rather long and tiresome tale nonetheless . ' 
 ` excuse me ? 
 where the hell do you get off being such a jerk ? 
 and what exactly were you asking then ? ' ' 
 i wanted to know - ' he began slowly , clearly thinking of an excuse . 
 ` bullshit , ' i interrupted in a snap , ` you wanted to know if i 'd slept with your brother . 
 well the answer there is no . 
 but once again , that 's none of your business . 
 now i 'm going to the police station , and then i 'm going to leave this frigging town behind me . ' 
 i said town , but we both knew i meant him . 
 grabbing my keys , i yanked my door open and sat down with a thump . 
 he took a step back from the car , but that 's it . 
 he did n't try to stop me , and neither did he say a single word . 
 he just watched me key the ignition , reverse , and drive off . 
 damn him . 
 damn him . 
 hitting the road , i turned onto it in a screech of tires , not exactly slowing down as much as i should . 
 then i slammed my foot on the accelerator as i speed up , enjoying the hum of the engine as the computer changed gears . 
 ` goddamn asshole , ' i spat as i glared at the trees lining the road and thought only of one man . 
 just where did denver scott get off being so . . . 
 insensitive ? 
 okay , so maybe he 'd been legitimately shocked to see me in his brother 's house . 
 yet when i 'd explained myself , that had n't dampened his holy and vengeful fire in the least . 
 the guy had a chip on his shoulder , and i was sick of standing underneath its shadow . 
 realizing it was a seriously bad idea to drive angry along roads i barely knew , i quickly slowed down . 
 i was going to head to town , but as i drove those tight , winding roads , it took me a while to realize that just maybe i was driving in the wrong direction . 
 ` oh fuck , ' i swore as i slowed the car down , pulling over to the side of the road . 
 i let the engine run idle as i grabbed my phone from my bag . 
 i had every intention of checking the gps map and every hope that the darn thing would n't tell me i was in the middle of a field or a lake . 
 there was a problem though-my phone was out of charge . 
 what with murder and the distraction of scott boys , i 'd forgotten to charge it for a day and a half . 
 i swore again , even louder than before . 
 turning off the engine , i rooted around in my bag , looking for my car charger . 
 unable to find it , i let out the tersest breath you could imagine as i got out of the front and grabbed my luggage roughly from my trunk . 
 i tore through it looking for the car charger , but i could n't find it . 
 goddamn . 
 great . 
 no phone . 
 this was brilliant . 
 now i had no option but to turn around and try to make my way back to thorne 's house . 
 getting back in the front seat , i indulged in striking the steering wheel several times with the base of my palm . 
 then i started the ignition-or at least i tried to . 
 i turned the key to on , but nothing happened . 
 my eyes grew wide in disbelief . 
 i tried the engine over and over again . 
 it did n't work . 
 holy crap . 
 no phone . 
 no car . 
 no idea which direction town was . 
 had i really just stormed out on denver and thorne only to wind up lost , alone , and in trouble ? 
 i sat there for a few minutes , trying to calm myself down . 
 all i had to do was walk back in the direction i 'd come . 
 i could find thorne 's house on foot . 
 and if i was seriously lucky , i 'd run into the guy on his way to town . 
 okay , it was a plan . 
 but i was kind of forgetting something here . 
 there was a serial killer on the loose in wetlake . 
 now was not a good time to be stranded on the side of the road , surrounded by such dark and menacing woods . 
 ` oh . . . 
 god , ' i managed . 
 then i forced myself to get out of my car . 
 i grabbed my bag , i hooked it over my shoulder , and i locked the car behind me . 
 then i turned around , and i started to walk . 
 it was n't a particularly chilly day , but i shivered with every step . 
 it was a combination of the dark , dank woods and the cold realization i was now on my own . 
 willing myself to believe that i was n't in any real danger and everything was in my mind , i diligently took one step after another . 
 it was at moments like these that you realized just how wild forests were . 
 the sounds and smells were completely different to the smog and car horns of the city . 
 grating my teeth together , i tried desperately hard not to jump at every bump and scrape filtering in from the tall trees above and the dark dips and valleys below . 
 it took me a long time until i heard a car , and though at first my heart leapt , it quickly sank fast . 
 when i 'd first driven into town , long before anyone had been murdered , i 'd expressed a real fear of getting lost in the woods only to come across some friendly psychopath all too ready to torture me to death in their abandoned cabin . 
 well , now my imagination was n't just getting the better of me-it caused sweat to race over my brow as my blood practically froze with fear . 
 jerking my head to the side , i genuinely thought about jumping over a slim section of metal railing protecting the edge of the road from a sheer drop off that led all the way down to a winding section of river far below . 
 it was dumb , it was dangerous , but that did not stop me from scooting over to the railing and groping at it with sweaty hands as i tried to hook a leg over it . 
 before i could manage to vault over , the car came into view . 
 my heart could have popped as so much adrenaline rushed through me that i started to quake like an animal . 
 the car was a station wagon . 
 long and rigidly square , it was from the '70s or '80s and had that atrociously bad fake wood paneling over the side . 
 definitely a serial killer 's car , my mind screamed at me . 
 the car started to slow down . 
 fuck . 
 i tried to continue my suicidal attempt at jumping over the railing that led down to a long fall and almost certain death . 
 the car reached me . 
 the car stopped . 
 i could have died from fright as the driver wound down their passenger window and leaned out . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 i blinked hard . 
 i knew that voice . 
 it was sweet , it was genuine , and it sure as shit did n't belong to a man with a foot-long beard and a penchant for carving up women in the woods . 
 i relaxed , letting out the biggest breath of air i could . 
 ` annabelle ? ' 
 ` what are you doing trying to climb over that railing , sweetie ? 
 there 's a sheer cliff behind . 
 you 'll do yourself an injury . ' 
 i started laughing , because seriously , i was a complete idiot . 
 foot-long beards and axes ? 
 it was freaking annabelle shaw , possibly the nicest person to have ever graduated from wetlake high and certainly the most sociable . 
 though i could n't say her reunion had been a hit-though several people had been hit-even i could appreciate why she 'd organized it . 
 personalities like annabelle wanted to bring people together . 
 they also wanted to help . 
 right now i could do with a whole bucket of help . 
 straightening up and pulling myself back over the railing , i let out another brief laugh at how stupid i 'd been . 
 ` yep , annabelle , that 's a very good point . 
 look , i 've kind of run into a bit of car trouble - ' ' i saw a gray little hatchback thing pulled off to the side of the road a few miles back . 
 is that yours , honey ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` but why are you trying to climb over that railing ? 
 it 's a long way down to the river , and you ca n't exactly swim the thing back to town ; she 's full of rocks , boulders , and the occasional bear going for a fish . 
 you need a lift instead ? ' 
 i smiled widely . 
 yes , i needed a lift . 
 i also needed a head examination . 
 had i really worked myself up so much that jumping over a freaking steep cliff had sounded like a good idea ? 
 firmly tucking my tail between my legs , i nodded and gingerly walked up to her car . 
 ` i 'm really sorry to bother you , but thank you so much for your offer . 
 and as for why i was climbing over the railing , ' i let out a nervous but thankful burst of laughter as i opened her passenger door and climbed in , ` well , this is going to sounds nuts , but what with all the murders , ' my tone dropped and tightened , ` i . . . 
 , ' i trailed off , breathless . 
 ` thought you might meet someone nasty on the road . 
 yeah , i get it , sweetie . 
 we 're all a little jumpy in town . 
 i just . . . 
 , ' she trailed off and swallowed loudly , ` ca n't believe someone could be doing this in wetlake and to our reunion class . 
 this was meant to be a time to get together , but instead - ' ` i 'm so sorry , annabelle , i know you probably put your heart and soul into organizing this , ' i commiserated as i did up my seat belt and felt some much needed sorrow for someone other than myself . 
 this reunion and its horrible aftermath had n't just affected me ; the whole town and every guest that had traveled here were all swept up in it too . 
 which included the two scott boys . 
 perhaps it was time i should start cutting them some slack , and by them , i mostly meant denver . 
 he was doing his best in a very difficult and stressful situation , and i was taking turns at either teasing , flirting , or berating him . 
 he 'd come on a holiday reluctantly , and his work had followed him . 
 so much for beers at the pub with old schoolmates-he 'd be knee-deep in this investigation until he caught the perpetrator . 
 as for me , i would flee home and forget it the first chance i got . 
 ` well look now , i know a great mechanic in town , so how about i take you over there ? 
 we can arrange to have your car towed . 
 then if you 're feeling up to it , i can buy you a drink and some cake with real whipped cream at the diner ? ' 
 i smiled . 
 again it was a genuine , instinctual move . 
 annabelle was being nice , and i really needed nice right now . 
 ` that sounds great . 
 i had planned on heading back home today , but that clearly is n't going to happen now , ' i began . 
 ` home ? 
 but . . . 
 oh no , i get it . 
 i was going to say that the reunion is n't even over yet . 
 but who am i kidding ? 
 it was over when poor james was found in the bushes . ' 
 annabelle gave a heavy sigh , her chest pushing tight against her beige , embroidered cardigan . 
 ` would you listen to me ? 
 two people are dead , and all i can do is complain about all the wasted planning and effort that went into organizing this darn reunion . 
 you must think i 'm a right cat , patti smith . ' 
 ` no , of course not . 
 i think you 're a right saint for rescuing me on the side of the road before anyone else could . ' 
 she smiled warmly and even reached over to squeeze my arm . 
 ` you see , people like you are why i organized this reunion . 
 i wanted to see how much my classmates had changed , or had n't , in some cases , ' she added in an unusually subdued voice for her . 
 it made me frown slightly . 
 ` we 've all changed a bit , surely . 
 even me , ' i laughed awkwardly . 
 ` oh , especially you , patti . 
 you 've darn right blossomed . ' 
 she made me laugh yet again . 
 and not out of defensiveness , because i knew she was n't putting this on . 
 annabelle really did think the best of people . 
 relaxing into the chair and letting the last dregs of fear fall from me , i started to enjoy the same scenery that had freaked me out barely minutes ago . 
 the trees were no longer dark and menacing ; they were stark and full of life . 
 we continued to chat as she drove , and i found myself easily enjoying her company . 
 annabelle , despite the frothing sweetness , was still down to earth and just a touch wise at the same time . 
 she was the kind of person who you could confide in . 
 so it was n't all that much of a surprise when i started blurting out my own problems . 
 i admitted to the threatening postcard , to the blue pins-hell-i even slipped in somewhere that i had seriously mixed feelings for both scott boys . 
 annabelle did not judge . 
 she did n't laugh-well , not unless i was making a joke . 
 and she did n't fob off my fears . 
 she acted like a true friend . 
 by the time we made it to town , i found i was enjoying her company so much that the thought of heading out for coffee and cake was exactly what i wanted to do . 
 ` you know , i went online and i read some of your books , ' she admitted as she pulled up at the mechanic 's shop . 
 ` oh dear , ' i joked . 
 ` you keep saying that if you want to have a successful life , you 've got to de-complicate things . 
 always keep communication simple and direct ; if you do n't , that 's how feelings get hurt . 
 well right now , patti , if you do n't mind me pointing out , you 've got yourself a communication problem . ' 
 that i did . 
 i also had a huge case of confusion . 
 i had no idea what was going on , and i certainly had no idea what i wanted . 
 i vacillated between thinking denver was grittily attractive to calling him the biggest jerk in the world . 
 and as for his brother , i thought thorne was country perfect at the same time as being drastically naive . 
 so yes , everything was complicated . 
 ` but i guess it does n't really matter , does it ? ' 
 annabelle leaned over and squeezed my arm again . 
 for most it would have seemed like a patronizing move , but with her it just underlined how goddamned genuine and trustworthy she was . 
 she was textbook best-friend material . 
 the kind of person you could share your secrets with and know 100 % that she would n't tell a soul . 
 ` what do you mean ? ' 
 i asked as i got out of the car , closing the door respectfully as i stared over the hood at annabelle . 
 ` because you 're leaving town . 
 the first chance you get , you are going to be walking out of the scott boys ' lives . 
 let me tell you , that is not something that most women could do . 
 thorne might put on his independent bachelor routine , but every single eligible woman in town is after him and always has been . 
 you will be one of the rare cases to have thawed the mountain bear 's heart and to have walked away from the prize . ' 
 i sniggered . 
 it was n't an attractive snigger , and i kind of snorted at the end . 
 really , me , patti smith ? 
 the most awkward geek from high school would get the title of the first woman to walk away from thorne ? 
 if i walked away from thorne , that was . 
 ` and as for denver , though he moved away , his mother always fills me in on his life . 
 a string of unsuccessful relationships that make one automatically conclude that denver scott is a moody , unrelenting , and somewhat tarnished man . 
 nevertheless , he 's always had something about him , ' annabelle gave a rare seductive smile . 
 oh yes , denver scott had something about him . 
 unquantifiable , but not all that rare . 
 it was the kind of quality that tv shows and romance books had been harping on about for years . 
 the wounded warrior . 
 the outcast who did n't know how to connect to people , yet nevertheless spent every second of every day trying to protect them . 
 the torn soul that just begged to be made whole again by the undivided attention of a suitable woman . 
 i found myself solidly biting into my lips as i entertained all of those rather ridiculous thoughts . 
 being a romance self-help author , i realized how truly damaging romantic fantasies were to reality . 
 there were no ball gowns , no glass slippers , and no happily ever-afters . 
 and you certainly could n't fix a man like denver scott just by hugging him to death . 
 even though i knew all of this academically , i could n't stop that little tingle of nerves that kept on tracing around and around my middle and back like the gentlest touch of a lover 's fingers . 
 ` anyhow , you wait here , patti , and i will go negotiate with the mechanic . 
 then we 'll head over for a cup of tea and a much-needed slice of cake . ' 
 i waved at annabelle and then smiled at her as she walked off . 
 maybe there was more to stay in wetlake for other than a complicated love triangle . 
 maybe thorne had been right all along when he had counseled me to give my reunion class a fair go . 
 everybody had changed , hell , even nancy had probably matured a little . . . . 
 okay , she likely had n't , but i was trying to be kind in the spirit of open-mindedness . 
 by the time annabelle made it back , i was committed to showing her just how thankful i was . 
 ` annabelle , thank you so much for your help , ' i managed quickly . 
 ` that 's about the twelfth time you 've said that , patti . 
 you do it again , and i 'm going to think you 're a broken record . 
 now what do you say to me buying you a nice cup of tea and one of east lake 's famous cakes with cream ? ' 
 laughing , i shook my head and brought my hands up . 
 ` no , no , you really do n't have to do that . 
 i should be the one buying you tea and listening to your problems for a change . 
 i feel like i 've been an insufferable motor mouth in your car . 
 sorry for harping on an at you about my pathetic little issues . ' 
 ` pathetic little issues ? ' 
 she raised an eyebrow . ' 
 i would n't start calling thorne and denver scott pathetic or little . 
 and i can completely understand how those two boys could be driving you wild . 
 plus , if you want to listen to my problems , it 's going to be a genuinely short conversation . 
 patti , i live one of the simplest lives in the world . 
 you 'd be proud of me . 
 no husband , no long-term boyfriend , just a simple job as a teacher and a simple love of scrapbooking and being atrociously friendly . ' 
 ` goddamn you 're a nice person , ' i said truthfully . 
 she fobbed a hand at me then waved me forward . 
 ` the cafe that makes the best cake in the world is just over there . 
 i figure we can walk . ' 
 nodding , i hooked my bag over my arm and trotted forward alongside her . 
 as i did , i forced myself to calm down and become more objective about this situation . 
 with an appropriate sniff , i started using the one skill that had gotten me through high school and had assured my later success in life : the power of observation . 
 the upshot of being quiet and left alone is that you have a lot of time to observe others . 
 that 's how i 'd made my romance self-help empire . 
 it 's also how i 'd eventually gotten over all of my low self-esteem and shame . 
 when you realized that you were n't the only person in the world going through something , it took a lot of the stigma out of it . 
 well , right now i used those powers to look at annabelle properly . 
 she had n't aged that much , though she certainly had marionette lines cut deep into her chin and cheeks . 
 she also had a slightly harder edge to her once frantically sparkly gaze . 
 no doubt teaching the latest generation of wetlake high school kids would do that to a girl . 
 while those details were interesting , they were not the ones that i set my attention on . 
 annabelle had proclaimed she had no problems . 
 yet when she 'd done so , she had not made eye contact with me , and i could have sworn that her voice had wavered slightly . 
 plus , there was no one on god 's green earth that did n't have problems . 
 it was part of being alive . 
 ` so you 've never been married then ? ' 
 i asked politely . 
 she shook her head . 
 ` the men of wetlake are far too complicated for me . ' 
 she offered me a ginger smile . 
 on the face of it , the smile seemed genuine enough , but if you dug down a little deeper , you saw that her lips were a touch too tight as they pressed against her gleaming , white , neat teeth . 
 i nodded quietly . 
 ` what about the reunion ? 
 you said you live a simple life , but it must have been a lot of hard work to organize this . 
 and even if nobody else has said it , i appreciate all of the effort you put into it . ' 
 if you knew me , you might have thought i sounded smarmy . 
 after all , i had spent at least a few solid weeks before the reunion complaining of its existence . 
 i was n't trying to be smarmy here though . 
 i was trying to find out what was bugging annabelle without asking her directly . 
 ` an unbelievable amount of work , ' she answered . 
 with that smile still on her face , she glanced at her feet and then across the road for a moment . 
 ` still , even if it was . . . 
 interrupted , ' i said ineloquently , trying to dance around the words murder , killing , and brutal , ` at least you got to see everybody on the first day , right ? 
 like denver and nancy ? 
 you got to see how we all grew up , or did n't , in some cases , ' i added a little sarcastically . 
 this elicited a sharp laugh from annabelle , one that you would have thought was quite against her usual character . 
 sweetness and light did n't snigger like the bad boss out of a mob movie . 
 nancy . 
 it made sense that annabelle had a problem with nancy ; every single person in wetlake had a problem with nancy , apart from the men for the brief few moments she was with them . 
 then they , like the rest of wetlake , would find that nancy 's explosive personality only ever led to people getting hurt . ' 
 i do n't even know what she does , you know , ' i said , coughing at the end before i could add ` well , other than men ' . 
 annabelle sliced her gaze over to me . 
 she still had that familiar crop of sandy blond hair that she kept wrapped up into one of the messiest but cutest buns i 'd ever seen . 
 right now a few strands of hair chopped in front of her gaze , and she blew them out of her vision with a sharp breath . 
 ` do you really want me to answer that ? 
 or do you think you can just figure it out from the leopard print and the suicidally high shoes ? ' 
 i grinned . 
 my heart was n't quite in it though . 
 while i was always the first to take a dig at nancy considering our history , this did n't feel right . 
 there was an edge to it . 
 i took a rather hefty swallow , suddenly realizing that talking about annabelle 's problems might not be the smartest of strategies . 
 for all i knew , they could cut a lot deeper than her apparently carefree surface . 
 and i was n't exactly a psychologist or a trained councilor here . 
 ` she has n't changed at all , ' annabelle said a little darkly . ' 
 i thought you guys were friends during high school ? ' 
 i interrupted . 
 annabelle shot me a look and then slowly followed up with a smile . 
 ` really ? 
 you did n't think she was just manipulating me like she manipulated absolutely everybody else ? 
 she is a class-one narcissistic personality . 
 and hell , maybe she has a little bit of a psychopathic streak as well . 
 she is the least empathetic woman i have ever met . 
 she can turn on tears and screams and then turn them off again the next moment when they 're no longer convenient . ' 
 i glanced at my feet as i listened to annabelle 's tirade . 
 the unfortunate thing was , it was true . 
 i 'd seen it with my own eyes . 
 barely hours after james wood 's body had been found in the roses , i 'd seen nancy flirting with the kid in reception . 
 then , once again , she 'd turned on her tears when she 'd seen denver in my room only to turn them off to glare nastily my way . 
 yet . . . 
 did that mean that nancy was psychopathic ? 
 words like that and sociopath were bandied around far too often . 
 these were actual clinical conditions , and if you ever met somebody who truly fit into either of those categories , you would know it . 
 serial killers , brutal murderers , they were psychopaths . 
 nancy was just . . . 
 too much leopard print with too high pitched a voice . 
 ` you know she was asking a lot of questions about you , ' annabelle suddenly interrupted . 
 ` sorry ? ' 
 her observation took me off guard . 
 and i mean right off guard . 
 while i 'd had a relatively pleasant drive with annabelle , i had n't forgotten what was going on in this town . 
 even though i wanted to pretend i was simply being overly paranoid , that rational part of my brain could n't forget that quite possibly somebody had threatened to murder me . 
 ` too many questions , way too direct too . 
 she wanted to know how much you earned ; she wanted to know where you lived . 
 hell , i saw her cornering one of the kids who works at the motel when he was at the local pub and getting him to tell her which room you were sleeping in . ' 
 my skin went cold just as my heart skipped a beat . 
 ` not many people know this , but she was a lot nastier in high school than she had a reputation for . 
 some of the things she did . . . 
 , ' annabelle brought her hands up and pressed them into her eyes . 
 ` never mind , i 'm probably boring you with this . 
 you likely think i 'm paranoid or just a total bitch . ' 
 i shook my head . 
 ` why did she want to know which motel room i was staying in ? ' 
 annabelle shrugged her shoulders . ' 
 i ca n't pretend to understand how nancy 's mind works . 
 too many years of prescription medication , alcohol , and looking at herself in the mirror have damaged her brain . ' 
 feeling exceedingly sick , i was no longer in the mood for the world 's best cake . 
 i was , however , not about to turn around , excuse myself , and lope over to throw up in the bushes . 
 perhaps this was my chance to find out what was going on in this town . 
 thorne and denver were not going to tell me . 
 however , annabelle seemed like a font of information . 
 and she would likely know every single snippet of town gossip . 
 ` she got here about a week early for the reunion , and she came and found me and started suggesting things , ' annabelle rolled her tongue around her teeth in a stiff move , ` and they were n't exactly the nicest things i ever heard . 
 when she heard you were successful and a writer living in washington , she instantly brought up that silly story of you from the football game . 
 i tried to tell her that it was years and years ago , but you should have seen her . 
 her eyes lit up with malevolence just as they had on the day . 
 then she found some of those stupid postcards she made of you , and she printed them out again . 
 i even saw her defiling a yearbook photo of you . 
 the woman is mad . 
 she has always been jealous , but ever since high school she 's gotten a lot worse . ' 
 if i 'd felt sick before , it was nothing compared to the spiraling , desperate sensation that strangled my stomach now . 
 she 'd been the one to print out the postcards ? 
 she 'd also been seen defiling a yearbook photo of me ? 
 ` look , i 'm sorry , patti , you probably really do n't want to hear me continue to bitch about nancy . 
 it 's just . . . 
 i do n't know , ' she trailed off . 
 i looked up at her sharply , realizing that annabelle had yet more to reveal . 
 despite feeling unbelievably queasy , i knew i had to push on . 
 ` what do you mean ? 
 you do n't think - ' it was her turn to look up sharply . 
 we were just about to cross the road as annabelle paused , one foot in the gutter . 
 ` that she could have something to do with these murders ? ' 
 annabelle voiced the rather dark thought that had just popped into my mind . 
 it was one thing to call nancy borderline psychopathic ; it was another to suggest without a scrap of evidence that she was behind the murders . . . . . 
 maybe i did have evidence ? 
 the postcard , the yearbook , the threatening glances she kept on giving me , the fact that she had been able to turn on and off her empathy for james wood like the twist of a faucet-it all had to mean something . 
 ` now , i know you ca n't go around saying things like that without evidence . 
 innocent until proven guilty in this country , right ? ' 
 annabelle continued , her tone dropping as her voice lowered into a whisper . 
 i did n't say anything ; i could n't say anything . 
 ` all i 'm saying is that i know the people in this town and i remember my classmates , ' nancy left it at that . 
 ` but . . . 
 what about last night ? ' 
 i shook a little . 
 ` i 'm not sure if you know , but the police went around to the motel because denver found . . . 
 something in her room . 
 nancy burst out on the two of us and she was a hysterical wreck , ' i pointed out meekly . 
 annabelle did not look surprised and she did not look moved . 
 clearly she already knew about that snippet of news , and clearly she had already dismissed it . 
 ` you want to know what they found in nancy 's room ? 
 fine , it ai n't no secret around this town . 
 fingers . ' 
 i did n't understand . 
 then annabelle brought up her hands and waived her fingers . 
 ` three of them . 
 one from james and one from hank , and a third from an unknown person , possibly another corpse the police have n't found yet . ' 
 i gasped and slammed a hand over my mouth . 
 ` now what else did they find ? 
 photos of nancy up on the walls , held there with these little blue tacks . 
 scrawled over them were threats in something that looked like blood but turned out to be oily lipstick . ' 
 ` oh my god , ' my voice shook as i spoke . 
 ` she is now in protective custody . ' 
 ` so she ca n't . . . 
 be . . . 
 , ' i could n't say a murderer . 
 i could n't push it out . 
 annabelle did n't move and she did n't say anything . 
 she was obviously trying to point out mutely that my train of thought was illogical . 
 just because nancy was in protective custody did n't mean she could n't be the murderer . 
 just because there were fingers and a whole bunch of photos of her savaged over her motel room walls did not mean she had n't put them there herself . 
 ` sometimes people just ai n't right in the head , you know ? ' 
 annabelle shook her head and shuddered at the same time . 
 ` this whole business is so goddamned terrible . 
 i ca n't believe it has come to wetlake . ' 
 ` i 'm sure the police are doing everything they can , ' i said , finding myself parodying none other than denver scott . 
 hell , i was almost using the exact same self-assured voice too . 
 ` i 'm sure you 're right . 
 look , forget what i said ; i did n't sleep much last night . ' 
 i nodded . 
 ` how about i buy you a drink , something stiffer than a cup of tea ? ' 
 annabelle smiled in a sideways move . ' 
 i think i 'd enjoy that . 
 and frankly , it would be nice to have some company that does n't want to pass the time yapping about these darned murders . ' 
 i did n't think she was taking a dig at me , but i blushed nonetheless . 
 ` sorry for bringing it up . ' 
 ` oh no , honey , i was n't talking about you . 
 i was talking about every other person around these parts . 
 you would think these murders are the most exciting thing that has ever happened to wetlake . 
 you would think we did n't have anything to show for ourselves other than dead bodies in the bushes and fingers in peoples ' rooms . 
 and i mean , just look at you , you went away and you made a name for yourself . 
 now that is something to be proud of . ' 
 feeling a little awkward , i managed to nod and smile , and we finally made our way across the street . 
 though i thoroughly was n't in the mood considering what i 'd just found out about nancy , i still forced myself to buy annabelle a drink . 
 before i knew it , a good chunk of the afternoon floated on by . 
 chapter 11 annabelle had to leave at three o'clock to do some shopping , but she kindly offered to let me stay at her house that night . 
 after a short phone call with the mechanic , i realized i sure as hell would n't be getting out of wetlake any time soon . 
 there was something drastically wrong with the engine , apparently , and because it was a hire car , the mechanic would have to relay with the company upstate . 
 though a tight feeling of apprehension had settled deep into my stomach at the prospect of spending yet more time in wetlake , at least i was thankful i had somewhere to stay that was n't thorne 's and that was n't the motel . 
 annabelle lived out of town , in a gorgeous place-she 'd shown me photos-and she had more than several spare rooms . 
 she also offered me wine , popcorn , movies , and the inside gossip on thorne scott . 
 she planned to pick me up in town at about five , which gave me two hours to kill . 
 i shuddered suddenly at that rather indiscreet saying , considering recent events , and quickly pulled my jacket further around myself as i walked across the street . 
 i did n't get far . 
 in fact , just as i was about to walk up onto the opposite pavement , a car slammed on its brakes and pulled into the curb beside me . 
 i jumped , my heart pounding fast in my ears as i shot backwards . 
 i need n't have worried that it was the wetlake killer ready to do some murdering on the way home though . 
 someone jumped out of the car . 
 that someone was denver . 
 ` patti ? 
 where the hell have you been ? 
 are you okay ? ' 
 genuine concern contorted his features , and he ran forward with solid , frantic steps . 
 i looked up at him sharply , blinking back my surprise . 
 he looked like . . . 
 i 'd been missing . 
 shit . 
 something hit me with a clap , and unfortunately , it was n't lightning . 
 ` when you did n't show at the police station , i went driving and i found your car . 
 fuck , what happened to you ? ' 
 he was right by my side now , and though he was n't reaching out to clamp his hands on my shoulders , as his fingers twitched , i knew he wanted to . 
 his raw display of emotion stilled me , and it stopped me from readying a sarcastic response . 
 instead , with pale cheeks and an ashen look , i shook my head . 
 ` i 'm so sorry . 
 i 'm fine , ' i stuttered , ` nothing happened . 
 i 'm fine . ' 
 he stiffened . 
 he looked ready to get monumentally angry , a severe tension rippling up his shoulders and neck and locking every muscle in place . 
 ` where have you been ? 
 people have been out looking for you . 
 fuck , if you were fine , why did n't you give me a call ? ' 
 i wanted to snap at him , to defend myself , but again i was practically bowled over by how fraught he seemed . 
 he was n't taking a dig at me , and neither was this an attack ; denver was shocked and overwhelmed and quite likely justifiably pissed off . 
 i put a hand up quickly and shook my head . 
 ` my car broke down . 
 and then my phone ran out of battery . 
 and then i could n't remember how to get to town . 
 i kind of got lost . 
 and i walked along the road , and then annabelle came and picked me up . 
 she took me to town and she sorted out with the mechanic to go back for my car . 
 and i . . . 
 could have called after that . ' 
 i admitted quietly . 
 ` but i do n't have your number , ' i hazarded . 
 i looked up to see denver the perfect picture of rage . 
 he looked ready to snap . 
 ` do you know how any people have been out looking for you ? ' 
 i shuddered , drawing my shoulders in , sick at the thought of how many police officers and agents had wasted their time looking out for little old me while i 'd been enjoying a drink in the local pub . 
 i shook my head , staring at my shoes . 
 i did n't know what to say , and for a long time he did n't say anything either . ' 
 i did n't think you were this kind of girl , ' he snapped , bitterly . 
 very bitterly . 
 i looked up sharply . 
 though i was feeling genuinely ashamed for what i 'd done , my eyebrows crumpled down . 
 ` what is that supposed to mean ? ' 
 ` wasting people 's time . 
 being stupid . ' 
 ` look , i understand how dumb that was . 
 i just . . . 
 i did n't think . 
 i was so relieved when annabelle picked me up and it was n't some ax murderer that . . . 
 i forgot , ' i admitted rather lamely . 
 ` you forgot , ' he repeated in the world 's most sarcastic tone . 
 i closed my eyes briefly . 
 when i opened them again , his expression had n't softened any . 
 if i thought that i could patch things up with denver just by simplifying our communication and finally figuring out what i really wanted , i knew that would n't work anymore . 
 one look at his eyes told me how he really thought about me now , and it was n't as a potential date . 
 i 'd screwed things up , big time . 
 and what 's worse , i 'd taken his and everybody else 's attention away from catching the murderer . 
 ` jesus , denver , look , i 'm so sorry . ' 
 i pushed my suddenly sweaty fringe off my forehead and latched my hand onto my hair as i raked my fingers through it . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 i could handle him shouting at me , but this silent i 'm - so-disappointed-in-you act was remarkably worse . 
 ` what 's wrong with your car ? ' 
 he suddenly asked . ' 
 i do n't know . ' 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 ` it ` something with the engine . 
 something big . 
 it just cut out on me . 
 i could n't turn it on . ' 
 ` it 's a hire car , ' he pointed out gruffly . 
 i shrugged my shoulders again , not knowing what else i could say . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 the mechanic said it was n't something simple though . 
 he said i was lucky i turned the ignition off when i had . ' 
 denver 's already dark expression became a whole lot darker . 
 ` which mechanic ? ' 
 ` hold on , ' i looked up hesitantly , ` you do n't think - ' ` answer the question , ' he snapped back . 
 ` the one next to the bakery . ' 
 ` right . 
 when are you heading out of town now ? ' 
 he rounded on me again . 
 i shrugged my shoulders one more time , feeling every inch the apathetic teenager . ' 
 i guess i 'll be going when they fix the car . 
 it 's not like i have another one , and you certainly ca n't hire anything around here . 
 i suppose i 'm stuck here , for now , ' i swallowed as i spoke , probably giving away every indication to the trained federal agent that i was stupendously nervous . 
 i was n't nervous because i 'd done anything dodgy ; i was simply quaking in the face of denver 's rather deserved rage . 
 ` where are you going to be staying ? ' 
 though my gaze had drifted down to my hands as i rubbed my thumbs quickly over my knuckles , i looked up carefully now . 
 his expression had changed , had n't it ? 
 yes , it was still as hard as diamond , but there was a flickering unease in that stiff frown of his . 
 ` denver , ' i tried to say softly , realizing that even though i had n't done anything with thorne last night , i should still apologize . 
 ` where will you be staying ? ' 
 he snapped again . 
 ` nothing happened between me and thorne . 
 he just offered me somewhere to stay , and i was tired and hysterical enough to say yes . 
 no , hold on , that sounds bad . 
 he was being genuinely nice . 
 i slept on his couch . 
 nothing happened . ' 
 ` do you think i care ? 
 i want to know where you 're staying for the purposes of our investigation . ' 
 i usually was n't the kind of girl to get emotional , but i found myself closing down at that . 
 i crunched my arms hard against my middle , turned my face to the side , and hoped that the hot tingling feeling in my cheeks was n't a prelude to tears . 
 though i was usually emotionally stable , these were not usual circumstances . 
 ` annabelle has offered for me to stay at her house , ' i answered quietly . 
 ` i 'm sure absolutely everybody in this town has the address . ' 
 ` right . ' 
 denver reached into his pocket and drew something out of his wallet . 
 he handed it to me in the roughest way he could . 
 ` what 's this ? ' 
 ` it 's my card , ' he said stiffly , ` now my number is on the back . 
 charge your phone the first chance you get , understand ? ' 
 i nodded mutely . 
 ` and do n't do this again , ' he said , his voice pregnant with warning . 
 though i was trying to act genuinely sorry , i had to narrow my gaze at that . 
 ` look , i 've just been stressed out . 
 i know i should have gone straight to the police station when i got back to town , but . . . 
 i forgot . 
 i did n't do it on purpose . ' ' 
 i have to get back to the investigation . ' 
 he turned sharply on his foot . 
 ` denver , ' i called out to him . 
 he walked back to his car . 
 he got in , he turned on the ignition , and he drove away without so much as a wave . 
 oh crap . 
 way to go patti smith . 
 i had n't just ruined it with denver ; i had turned him from a valuable ally into a simmering , bubbling pot of rage . 
 feeling guilty and ashamed , i found myself walking around town until i spied a handy wooden bench . 
 sitting down , i drew my arms around my middle as i kicked my feet over the cool , long grass . 
 looking up , i could see the glorious mountain ranges that pulled up behind the town . 
 staring at the way the sun glinted across those ragged rocks could take your breath away . 
 wetlake had always been startlingly beautiful , but like anything else worthwhile , you had to sit down and take the time to truly appreciate it . 
 well right now i had the time , but my mind was n't there . 
 it was n't on the murders ; it was n't on what i 'd found out about nancy ; it was solidly circling around the topic of denver . 
 though i spent a great deal of energy pretending i was n't attracted to the guy and did n't care what he thought , now that i 'd spectacularly lost him , i could n't deny how i felt any longer . 
 he was rough around the edges , very rough , but he had a certain diligent charm about him . 
 swearing to myself occasionally and realizing there was no way i could fix this , i sat there and waited for the hours to tick on by . 
 i wanted to head up to annabelle 's . 
 i wanted wine and popcorn too , and i wanted a bed that was n't a couch and that was n't in the creepiest motel around . 
 once it hit half past four , i figured i had time for a short walk before annabelle was scheduled to pick me up . 
 as i traveled through the pleasant , picturesque streets of wetlake , a slight peace descended on me , but it was only slight . 
 there was only so much peace i could have until i left this town and both its scott brothers far , far behind me . 
 as i walked through a particularly hilly section of town that had enormous , old , beautiful houses replete with giant oak trees and white picket fences , i heard a car pull up gently behind me . 
 i did n't turn around until somebody called out my name . 
 ` hey , patti , it 's thorne . ' 
 i twisted my neck , and sure enough , there was thorne getting out of his squad car . ' 
 i just wanted to double check you 're okay . 
 we were quite worried there for a bit when you disappeared between my house and town . ' 
 he shot me a small , slightly disapproving smile , but one that was nonetheless friendly . 
 instantly i started to blush , and i pushed my hair out of my face . ' 
 i am so sorry for wasting everybody 's time . ' 
 he brought his hands up quickly at the strength of my sudden reaction . 
 ` i 'm not going to shout at you , patti . 
 i 'm just here to say i 'm glad you 're safe and to check to see if you need a hand . ' 
 what a difference . 
 one scott brother would rake you across the coals , while the other would offer his hand in help . 
 ` thank you , thank you for letting me stay at your house , and thank you for being so goddamn nice , ' i added , being unashamedly honest . 
 was it just me , or did thorne glance at his feet to hide a blush ? 
 ` that 's what country boys are meant to do , right ? ' 
 i snorted . 
 ` well you 're doing a very good job of being the quintessential , charming , rural man . ' 
 he did n't so much as blush again as get a certain kind of look in his eye . 
 the kind of look that sent a certain kind of shiver down my spine . 
 oh christ , i was doing it again . 
 i 'd spent the entire afternoon thinking about denver , yet one look at thorne and that alluring good-boy nature , and i was melting once again . 
 pinching the bridge of my nose , i wanted to kick myself . 
 ` your brother seemed kind of . . . 
 mad , ' i brought up denver , even though i should n't have ; at the mention of his brother 's name , that light in thorne 's eyes extinguished in a flash . 
 ` when is my brother anything but an irritated jerk ? ' 
 ` he kind of had a point this time . 
 sorry , i just did n't think . 
 my car broke down , my phone was n't charged , and even though it sounds pathetically paranoid , i was going nuts thinking someone would drive up behind me and kill me in the woods . ' 
 thorne managed a commiserating smile . 
 ` it 's not nuts . 
 and i understand . 
 when the brain gets stressed , it does strange things . 
 i 've seen it before , and there 's no point in getting angry with people . 
 that 's why we train police officers ; to make sure they can control their natural instincts in times of danger . 
 so there 's no point beating yourself up , patti , even if denver scott tells you you should , ' he added , lips moving stiffly around his brother 's name . 
 i 'd spent the entire afternoon feeling extremely sorry for myself , but a few sentences exchanged with the dreamy thorne and suddenly that weight was lifting from my shoulders . 
 people did do dumb things when they were stressed , right ? 
 and i had been extremely stressed . ' 
 i heard about your car , and denver mentioned you are staying at annabelle 's . 
 i hope everything will get sorted out for you soon . ' 
 he nodded at me . 
 i gave a small , awkward nod in return . 
 so denver and thorne obviously got on well enough to share information , or at least about me . 
 i did n't know how i felt about that . 
 still , i could n't deny that my short talk with thorne was making me feel one million times better . 
 ` look , a couple of the folks still in town for the reunion are going to meet up at one of the pubs later . 
 just something informal . 
 a memorial , of sorts , ' as thorne spoke , he did so respectfully . 
 he had his hands clutched before him , and he made eye contact only with the pavement , glancing slowly up as he finished and offering the slightest of smiles . 
 ` annabelle is kind of picking me up at five , and i 'm not sure if i can ask for a lift back into town and then back to her house again , ' i pointed out awkwardly . 
 ` i 'm more than happy to give you a lift . ' 
 a part of me wanted to say yes , and yet another part , the sensible part , understood i needed to stay away from both scott brothers . 
 ` i 'm sure annabelle will come anyway , ' he added , ` once she finds out . 
 she does love her social functions , ' his voice became weak at the end , as he no doubt remembered that this was n't a social function . 
 this was a memorial for the two people who had been brutally murdered in the space of two days . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' he said suddenly , looking powerfully awkward , a little of that rugged bushman look fracturing to reveal an ordinary , shocked man underneath . 
 ` this is a small town ; things like this do n't happen here . 
 and we do n't really know how to deal with them . ' 
 i nodded . 
 i doubted anyone knew how to deal with things like this , except for maybe denver . 
 but he managed to deal with it by being completely and totally closed off from the world . 
 he maintained the same hard , glacial countenance wherever he went . 
 it meant he could n't get hurt and likely could n't get surprised by dead bodies in the rose bushes either . 
 ` it must be horrible , ' i suddenly pointed out , ' i ca n't even begin to imagine how you try to deal with something like this . ' 
 ` by the book . 
 these are n't the first violent crimes that have ever been committed , and as horrible as it sounds , each time someone winds up murdered , you learn something new . ' 
 it was such an uncomfortable topic that i found myself curling my fingernails into my sides as i tapped my hands on my legs . 
 i wanted to offer thorne an ear and a bit of solace , but everything he said just drove home how dreadful this situation was . 
 two people had died . 
 brutally . 
 ` you look a little pale , patti . 
 sorry to bringing this all up again . 
 how about i leave you to your walk ? 
 do n't forget to drop into the police station when you 're ready to give your statement , sooner rather than later , if that 's okay , ' he added hesitantly . 
 he was about to drive away and leave me to my thoughts , was n't he ? 
 he was n't going to mention the memorial again ; he was just going to back off respectfully . 
 you did n't come across men like denver too often , but you sure as hell did n't come across men like thorne any more frequently . 
 pushing my hair off my forehead again , i suddenly nodded . 
 ` what time did you say the drinks were ? ' 
 ` nine , ' he gave the slightest , slightest of smiles . 
 while still being respectable , he showed his interest at the same time . 
 seriously , you did n't come across men like thorne scott often . 
 ` i 'll ask annabelle if she 's going . 
 i do n't want to be an imposition on anyone . ' 
 ` patti , you sure as hell are n't an imposition ; you 're a breath of fresh air . ' 
 with that , thorne waved at me and got back into his car . 
 with another short wave , he pulled out from the curb and drove off slowly and respectfully . 
 i stared at his car as it turned around a corner and drove out of sight . 
 what was i doing ? 
 murders and romance did n't mix . . . 
 or maybe they did . 
 and i really did n't mean that in a nasty , smutty kind of way , but when people were stressed out , and faced with the brutal side of life , they often reached out for comfort . 
 i could spend the rest of my short stay in wetlake berating myself for thinking about the likes of denver and thorne while terrible things were happening , or i could try to accept the fundamental need for human connection in times of horror . 
 walking back to where annabelle would pick me up , i was peacefully thoughtful . 
 thoughtful , however , would n't last . 
 neither would the peace . 
 chapter 12 ` i 'm so sorry i 'm late , ' annabelle said as she rolled down her window and gave me a short wave . 
 i stood up from the park bench i was sitting on and returned the wave . 
 ` that 's fine , ' i replied honestly . 
 ` i 've had to pick up a few things from the store , ' she leaned over and opened the passenger door for me . 
 getting in , i repeated that it was totally fine . 
 annabelle was being kind enough to give me a lift here , and i was n't about to snap at her for being all of five minutes late . 
 ` hey , annabelle , i know you have your heart set on wine and popcorn tonight , but apparently they 're having some kind of memorial drinks at the pub , and i thought . . . 
 , ' i trailed off . 
 i did n't want to be cheeky and ask for another lift . 
 she glanced across at me . 
 briefly , a calculating expression stiffened her features-but it was gone in the flicker of an eye . 
 shrugging her shoulders , she tutted . 
 ` no one told me about that . 
 sheesh , sometimes i think i 'm so over the top that people hide parties from me just so i wo n't come in , take photos , and send scrapbooks to everyone afterwards . ' 
 i smiled at her joke , but i did n't laugh . 
 this was n't a party . 
 for christ 's sake , it was memorial drinks for two people who had been murdered . 
 realizing annabelle was , like me , probably just stressed and trying to make light of the situation rather than wallow in it , i let it slide . 
 ` what time are the drinks , anyway ? 
 we should try to pop our heads in , if we can . ' 
 annabelle leaned right around in her seat , checking her lane before she pulled out from the curb . 
 she was an extremely cautious driver . 
 which was kind of nuts considering there was no traffic in wetlake . 
 i could understand why you 'd want to be careful out on the forest roads ; there was a real possibility of running into deer or fallen trees . 
 but in town , it was just you and the only other guy who owned a car . 
 ` nine . ' 
 ` well we 'll be there . 
 if you 're up to it , that is ? ' 
 she looked at me carefully . 
 i nodded . 
 ` you know , patti , you 're one of those peculiarly strong women . 
 i got to say , i admire you . ' 
 i frowned at her sudden and confusing admission . 
 me , strong ? 
 well yes , i usually liked to think of myself as strong , but i was falling apart right now , big time . 
 what i 'd done to denver was evidence enough of that . 
 hell , by accidentally forgetting to check in with him , i 'd made him think i 'd been kidnapped and murdered . 
 he 'd wasted time and resources on my mistake . 
 that did n't make me strong ; it made me dumb . 
 ` you seem totally unflappable . 
 i wish i had a bit of that , ' she casually continued . 
 was she joking ? 
 she had to be , because , hello , i was seriously flappable . 
 when she 'd come across me that afternoon , i 'd been trying to clamber over a safety railing , with the horrendous idea of scaling down a near vertical rock scree to get away from the traffic which my addled mind had told me was full of murderers . 
 i could n't answer . 
 ` it 's always nice to see someone who 's made a success of their lives , ' she added finally . 
 now that made me frown . 
 it was n't just that i was a little touchy on the whole successful and wealthy thing . 
 it was that . . . 
 well , annabelle was clearly taking a dig at herself . ' 
 i envy your life up here , ' i quickly tried to change the subject ; even though i could n't say i was being 100 % honest . 
 still , there were aspects of living up in wetlake that were desirable . 
 and no , i was n't just thinking of thorne . 
 ` it 's always so beautiful and peaceful up in the mountains . ' 
 ` well , we could do with a lot more of the peace right now . ' 
 annabelle shook her head as she slowed down to take a corner . 
 shit . 
 i 'd walked into that one . 
 i should just keep my mouth shut before it sounded like i had plain forgotten hank and james had been murdered-or worse , that i did n't care . 
 swallowing uncomfortably , i tried to think of something else to say . 
 ` we do n't have to go for drinks if you do n't want to , ' i mumbled . 
 ` now , patti , you might think you can drink in the city , but you ai n't seen nothing , girl . 
 if you think i ca n't handle a couple of beers - ' she began . 
 i laughed . 
 ` not what i meant . ' 
 ` of course it was n't . 
 i 'm just trying to make a joke , anything to lift my mood . 
 everything is really dark out there right now . ' 
 as she drove , she brought her hands up and she massaged her brow . 
 i swallowed again . 
 i could n't say anything insightful , anything wise , or anything helpful . 
 i just sat there and gulped like a frog by a pond . 
 ` you know , i think we need to change the subject and change it for good this time , ' annabelle admitted through a heavy sigh , ` no more talk of murders . 
 there 's nothing we can do about it . 
 we 've got to leave it up to the feds and the police . 
 but that does n't mean we have to spend all our time fixating on it and driving each other nuts . ' 
 she was right . 
 there was nothing we could do . 
 though we both clearly had our theories , they were just that , theories . 
 we had to leave it up to the police , and we had to move on , as cold and terrible as it sounded . 
 we had to mourn james and hank and give them the respect they deserved . 
 but we could n't . . . 
 obsess about it . 
 there was a thin line between ignoring the murders and wallowing in them . 
 and that line was constantly shifting . 
 ` oh dear , look at me ; i 've made you quiet . 
 well how about this ? 
 i think you and i might be the same size , and believe it or not , i do have the occasional snazzy top and pair of heels . 
 what do you say we dress up nice tonight ? 
 try to look our best while we say goodbye ? ' 
 i smiled . 
 it was awkward because the proposition was awkward . . . 
 or maybe because i was awkward . 
 annabelle had said she wanted to move on , and she was right to try . 
 shaking my head , i suddenly nodded instead . 
 ` that sounds great . ' 
 ` then we can come home to red wine , popcorn , and stories of the thorne and denver , ' annabelle added . 
 i nodded a lot harder at that one . 
 as annabelle drove out of town , again i was struck by how damned beautiful this place was and yet wild at the same time . 
 thorne was right ; from the rocky peaks to the call of the animals , it was darker out here . 
 okay , so you did n't have junkies and skyrocketing crime , but there was something primal about those dank , closed woods . 
 ` sorry i live so far out of town , but i got to say , as strange as it sounds , i like my privacy . ' 
 annabelle finally turned up a small , winding , dirt road . 
 i turned to her sharply at that . 
 ` you 're the most sociable person i know . ' 
 she shrugged , taking her hands off the steering wheel briefly while trusting her car to drive in a straight line as she did . 
 that apparently innocent move struck me as strange . 
 in town she had driven as respectfully and slowly as an old nana heading to church . 
 yet out here she apparently did n't care that her car was veering towards the ditch . 
 ` oh , people are never what they appear to be on the outside , ' she counseled as she pulled up in front of a house . 
 annabelle had been right ; it was big and it was truly beautiful . 
 made of white and blue weatherboard , it had three levels , the top of which looked like an old attic with a small door leading out to a tiny porch . 
 there were dense firs and pine trees about the back of the house and the steep slopes leading up to it , but unlike thorne 's bachelor pad , there was also a garden . 
 lush and meticulously cared for , the lawn looked as if it had been cut with a ruler and a pair of nail scissors . 
 all of the flowers and roses and shrubs were weeded and bunched together in attractive beds that had clearly been planned by someone with an eye for design . 
 ` wow , ' i gestured to her house as she got out of the car , ` this is incredible . 
 a place like this would go for millions where i come from . ' 
 ` do n't you come from wetlake originally ? ' 
 ` sorry , figure of speech . ' 
 annabelle did n't say anything more ; in fact , she silently walked up the garden path , grabbing her house keys from her bag as she did . 
 her simple heels clapping over the old wood of her porch steps , she waved me forward . 
 ` you know , annabelle , you should join forces with thorne . 
 the both of you live in secluded little parts of the forest , but he clearly has no idea how to keep a garden or a house . ' 
 it was an awkward thing to say , and halfway through , i realized i was just babbling . 
 annabelle turned as she opened the door , and her eyebrows crunched down quickly . 
 ` you 've seen thorne 's house ? ' 
 when i 'd filled her in on what i 'd been doing with thorne and denver , i 'd forgot to mention i 'd spent last night on thorne 's couch . 
 i offered a rather meek smile . 
 ` not what you think . ' 
 ` of course not , ' she snorted , ` thorne is not that kind of boy . 
 unlike his brother . ' 
 turning sharply , she walked into her house . 
 i pushed my lips together and let a spark of confusion scrunch up my nose . 
 had that been a dig at me or was i just stressed ? 
 shit . 
 annabelle was possibly the nicest person i 'd ever met , and here i was second-guessing everything she said and everything she did . 
 i needed to pull my head in and start thinking of other people for once . 
 walking into annabelle 's house , i instantly noted it was even more beautiful within . 
 there were all these old antique chests of drawers and side tables and lamps , and all the curtains were made out of white lace that had been meticulously cleaned and dusted . 
 it made my perpetually messy and dog-hair filled apartment look like a disaster zone . 
 annabelle kept on going on about how much of a success i was ; well she clearly had n't done so badly herself . 
 retiring to a country palace like this was the number one dream of most of the city slickers i knew . 
 b the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence , as my mother would say . 
 ` you probably want a shower , huh ? 
 maybe a small bite to eat before we head out again ? ' 
 annabelle walked forward and led me to the kitchen . 
 ` that sounds fantastic , ' i said as i continued to survey the incredible house around me . 
 ` you live here all on your own ? 
 god , it must take you weeks to do the cleaning . ' 
 ` i 'm pretty particular about some things , patti smith . ' 
 she walked over to her sink , grabbed up a clean glass from the dish rack , filled it with water , and handed it to me with a smile . 
 ` i 'm an old girl who is set in her ways . 
 i have an idea about how things should be , and i do n't stop trying until i make them that way . 
 and if i see someone who 's left a mess , i go after them . ' 
 i nodded my head as i finished off my glass of water and patted my lips dry . 
 ` you sound like a determined woman , every feminist would be proud . ' 
 it was a compliment . 
 annabelle 's smile stiffened . 
 realizing i 'd stepped on my toes yet again , i nodded nervously . 
 ` do you have any pets ? ' 
 ` oh no , ca n't say i have the time . ' 
 damn . 
 i found talking about pets was always a way to ground a conversation and to make friends . 
 it was the greatest tool to diplomacy . 
 if president kennedy and khrushchev had just sat down and talked about their dogs , the cold war would have been sorted out quick smart . 
 you could n't help but smile when you described the strange behavior of your cat or pooch . 
 but unfortunately , annabelle did n't have pets . 
 so that slightly disapproving edge to her smile remained . 
 ` do you need . . . 
 a hand doing anything ? ' 
 i asked nervously . 
 she shook her head , took my glass off me , and immediately cleaned it and stuck it back in the dish rack . 
 ` you just go and have your shower and then get ready for to tonight . 
 with everything that 's been going on in this town , i 'm sure you just need the chance to relax . ' 
 i thanked her and let her lead me out of the kitchen and up to one of the upstairs bathrooms . 
 she handed me a towel and then told me about the dodgy taps before closing the door behind her . 
 i listened as she trundled down the stairs . 
 people did n't get as nice as annabelle was , i told myself quickly . 
 she was n't acting strangely . 
 she was just . . . 
 dealing with the same things that everyone else was . 
 suddenly feeling exceedingly saddened and confused , i found myself sitting down glumly on the edge of the bath . 
 the cold ceramic cooled the back of my legs as my shoulders rounded and my arms dropped into my lap . 
 staring at my hands , i made a desperate and rather futile wish for everything to return to normal . 
 i wanted to go back to my ordinary , happy , carefree life . 
 a life where there were no denvers , there was no murder , and there were no confusing relationships with old classmates . 
 no second-guessing , no paranoia , just glitz , glamour , upscale apartments , and certainty . 
 i still had my bag on my arm , and i unhooked it . 
 rifling around for my hairbrush , i accidentally plucked up my cellphone and realized i should follow denver 's angry advice and charge it . 
 grabbing out the wall adapter from my bag , i trundled over to the sink and plugged it in . 
 stepping back , i stared around the bathroom . 
 it was as clean as clean could be . 
 there were neat little rows of shampoos and soaps and figurines and fresh flowers . 
 the ceramic glimmered and there was n't a sign of dirt in the grout on either the floor or the walls . 
 i was suddenly struck by the fact annabelle had a hell of a lot of time on her own . 
 it was no wonder she was so sociable . 
 still , it was a strange surprise to find out that annabelle did n't match up to the person i 'd always thought she 'd become . 
 i figured she 'd come from a huge family and had millions of siblings , and was the kind of girl who was never alone . 
 after i 'd received the reunion invite from her , i 'd pictured her as a smiling thirty-year-old with an entire truckload of children and a husband with acquired hearing loss from all her chatting . 
 i 'd been wrong . 
 hell , now i came to think of it , i 'd been wrong about most of the people i 'd made assumptions about recently . 
 everybody had their nuances , aptitudes , and flaws . 
 sighing through my teeth , i finally stripped , got in the shower , and told myself to get over it . 
 chapter 13 by the time i got out of the shower , annabelle had already whipped up an amazing meal , and we wasted a few hours easily chatting before we headed back out to town . 
 any possible feeling of ill will i 'd held towards annabelle and her slightly strange behavior was gone for good . 
 she was genuinely nice , friendly , and clearly wanted to get to know me while helping me out . 
 in fact , i was laughing at another one of her rather dry jokes as we finally made it into the pub . 
 i stopped laughing almost immediately . 
 everybody was standing around justifiably morose , talking in hushed voices . 
 fuck . 
 i was a bitch . 
 seriously , again i 'd forgotten about the murders . 
 or rather than forgotten about them , i 'd managed to push them from my mind for a few precious , if indiscrete seconds . 
 making our way up to the bar , i let annabelle order the drinks as i turned and surveyed the people around me . 
 some faces i recognized , some i did n't , yet all looked suitably respectful and silent . 
 ` hey , ' someone said softly from my side . 
 i turned to see thorne . 
 ` you came , ' he pointed out quietly . 
 i nodded my head . 
 ` you look . . . 
 , ' he trailed off . 
 ` nice ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he managed softly . ' 
 i sure hope she looks nice , ' annabelle interrupted as she turned around and handed me a drink , ` that 's my top and jacket . ' 
 ` then those are nice clothes , annabelle , ' as thorne spoke , he looked at his drink quickly , a little too quickly . 
 letting my brow crumple , i reminded myself that small towns were , by definition , small towns . 
 everybody knew everybody else . 
 you knew everything about their lives too . 
 i 'd joked before that annabelle and thorne could get along well , but now i realized they must have had loads of opportunities . 
 something was keeping them apart . 
 ` now i know you ca n't tell us anything , but this being wetlake , i 'm going to ask anyway . 
 do you have any leads ? 
 have you caught the serial killer yet ? ' 
 annabelle asked directly . 
 thorne looked up sharply at two little words : serial killer . 
 everybody else was referring to what had happened as murders . 
 only two people referred to it as serial killing : denver and annabelle . 
 ` you 're right about that , annabelle ; i 'm not going to share details with you . 
 but we 're trying as hard as we can to solve this . ' 
 i took a sip of my drink and then another as i realized i desperately needed something to do with my hands and my attention . 
 this conversation was rapidly becoming awkward , and i was stuck in the middle of it . 
 ` how 's nancy ? ' 
 i asked quickly . 
 both thorne and annabelle looked at me sharply , but the quality of their gazes was completely different . 
 while thorne looked a little shocked and sickened , annabelle just looked . . . 
 sharp . 
 yet that sharp flicker did n't last long . 
 ` okay , ' he answered simply . 
 ` but i 'm not going to tell you anything more , and please do n't ask me . ' 
 i nodded . ' 
 sorry . ' 
 ` you do n't have to apologize , ' he tried . 
 damn , you could n't script a more awkward scene . 
 we could barely look at each other and we could barely talk to each other , and there annabelle was , looming over thorne 's shoulder , making him even more nervous with every passing second . 
 i suddenly realized there might be a history between those two , but i sure as heck was n't forward enough to pry . 
 ` do you have any word from the mechanic ? ' 
 thorne nodded my way . 
 ` he said it will take a while to repair . 
 plus , he has to coordinate with the hire car company . ' 
 ` i 'm sorry you have to stay longer than you wanted to . ' 
 he took a sip of his beer . 
 ` you 've got a big life to get back to , ' annabelle added . 
 i tapped my finger hard on the side of my glass , but i did n't say anything . 
 ` how is the . . . 
 , ' i began asking , determined to shift the subject off the murders and myself . 
 but i could n't think of anything to ask , and it would be exceedingly pathetic and banal to inquire about how the weather had been of late . ' 
 i need to talk to you , ' someone snapped from behind me . 
 turning , i already knew who it was . 
 not only did i recognize the voice , i recognized the sudden and sour change to thorne 's expression . 
 denver . 
 there he was in that exact same suit , that exact same tie , and that exact same shirt . 
 either he owned matching copies of everything , or he had n't changed clothes since he 'd arrived in wetlake . 
 neither had he changed expressions , because he still looked at me with that dark and barely concealed fury . 
 ` we 're kind of busy here , ' thorne said through gritted teeth . 
 denver did n't even look down ; he only glared my way . 
 he flicked his head towards the door . 
 it was beyond rude . 
 okay , thorne had overstated it when he 'd said we were busy ; i was standing there trying not to look too awkward while grasping for a question that did n't include the weather . 
 still , you did n't come up to somebody , nod your head towards the door , and demand they come and talk to you . 
 ` where do you get off being so - ' thorne began . 
 ` it 's fine . ' 
 i put a hand in front of thorne to stop him from killing his brother . 
 ` i 'll just be a few seconds , ' i said , turning my attention back to denver . 
 his jaw was locked , his expression stiff and unyielding . 
 when we made it out of the pub , i was suddenly caught by how chilly the air felt , reinforced by how darn frosty denver was as he led me forward along the street . 
 the top and jacket i 'd borrowed from annabelle were made out of thin fabric , so i immediately brought my arms around myself and tried to rub some warmth into my bristling flesh . 
 denver glanced at me , but he sure as heck did n't offer me his coat . 
 instead he gestured for me to walk on a little . 
 ` you know , what is this about ? ' 
 i trotted along after him , but i made sure to give the back of his head a solid death stare . 
 hot or not , a tortured soul or not , this arrogant act of denver 's would get old pretty quickly . ' 
 i did n't want to talk to you about the case in front of the people at the pub , ' he finally answered as he drew me into the mouth of an alleyway . 
 ` right . . . 
 , ' i managed . 
 though i 'd opened my mouth intending to fire another volley his way , i quickly processed what he 'd said . 
 ` what 's . . . 
 going on ? ' 
 he did n't answer me immediately . 
 instead he took a step back , thumbing his nose as he looked down at the ground . 
 ` things are a lot more complicated than they look . ' 
 why did i get the sudden impression that denver was n't just talking about the case ? 
 there was something about the exact attention behind his gaze and the way he kept glancing my way with jerky movements that told me he was trying to imply a lot more than his words revealed . 
 nodding , i neatened my hair . 
 ` okay . ' 
 it was a pathetically weak thing to say , but i did n't know what to add . 
 though denver loved to ask questions , he did not like to answer them . 
 no doubt i could have him pinned up against the wall with a knife to his throat and the guy would n't reveal a thing . 
 though having him pinned up to the wall was a suddenly distracting and rather improper thought considering the situation , i quickly coughed and fixed my attention on a small , dark section of wall behind his left shoulder . ' 
 a lot of things are n't making sense here , ' he now added , his voice hoarse , ` this is a confusing situation . ' 
 i nodded enthusiastically . 
 which was stupid , because this was not a situation to get enthusiastic about . 
 blushing and glad for the dark night around us , i let my arms drop from around my middle as heat took to my skin . 
 ` yes it is , ' i agreed weakly . 
 ` there is a lot that can go wrong , ' he managed . 
 i nodded . 
 hell , i nodded so quickly and so repeatedly i could have been one of those elvis dolls you stick on the dashboard of your car to impress old people and the very , very young . 
 he dwindled into silence . 
 i had to say something . 
 ` denver . . . 
 look , i 'm sorry about before , ' i teetered back and forth on my feet , unsure whether i wanted to take a step closer or a step away . 
 ` it was reckless , ' he said blankly . 
 i clenched my teeth together and sucked a breath through them . 
 ` but maybe i got a little . . . 
 , ' he trailed off and coughed . 
 ` angry , frustrated , rude ? ' 
 i suggested . 
 he looked up darkly , though somewhere under the pools of shadow drawing beneath his heavy eyebrows was a flicker of humor . 
 ` maybe , ' he growled . 
 i managed a cautious smile . 
 ` what is this really about ? 
 i 'm picking up on a subtle undercurrent , ' i pointed out bravely . 
 ` it 's about the murders , ' he answered , not budging slightly . 
 damn , denver knew how to keep his true intentions hidden . 
 fine , if he wanted to play that game , i was happy to join him . ' 
 i thought . . . 
 you might want to know what 's going on , ' he straightened his shoulders as if he were getting ready to tackle an immovable object head on . 
 that immovable object was undoubtedly me . 
 yet if he was n't going to say what was really on his mind , i was n't going to budge either . 
 ` and i thought you would not be able to tell me . ' 
 ` you 're right ; i 'm not going to tell you everything , ' he conceded . 
 well darn , was n't this just the most edgy , tense conversation i 'd ever had . 
 i waited . ' 
 i thought you 'd want to know that we could n't find anything too suspicious with your car . ' 
 i faltered at that . 
 i had n't even begun to suspect that there would be anything suspiciously wrong with my car . 
 before another surge of fright could tackle me to my knees , denver shook his head rapidly . 
 ` on the face of it , it appears to have just broken down . ' 
 ` right . . . 
 , ' i managed . ' 
 i talked to the mechanic , and it should be ready in several days . ' 
 i nodded . 
 if i 'd been feeling in a bolshie mood , i would have pointed out that it was not denver 's place to go talking about my car to the mechanic ; it was my car . 
 then again , he was a federal agent investigating two heinous murders , so i kept my mouth shut . 
 staring at my shoes as if they held the secrets of the universe , i waited for him to continue . 
 when he did n't , i glanced up to find him staring at his own shoes with just the same level of fixed concentration . 
 dear god , i felt like i was back in high school . 
 in the real world , in the adult world , you did n't have conversations as awkward and stilted as this . 
 if you had something to say , you just said it . 
 if you were too polite or sensible to open your mouth , you excused yourself and walked away instead . 
 you did n't just stand there in the mouth of an alleyway shuffling your feet . 
 ` patti - ' ` denver , ' i said at the same time . 
 ` you go first , ' i prompted . 
 he paused then swallowed gruffly . 
 ` you should stick to main roads when you head home , ' he managed hesitantly , clearly changing what he wanted to say at the last moment . 
 ` so i can head off on my own then ? ' 
 ` at this stage it seems fine . 
 thorne was right . 
 none of the other victims received threats like yours ; they did n't receive threats at all . 
 no postcards , no news-letter messages , no blue pins . 
 as far as we can tell , they had no warning . 
 though i do n't for one second think that means anything conclusive , ' he snapped ferociously . 
 i put a hand up . 
 ` i 'm not arguing with you , denver . 
 despite the fact i think you 're a jerk , i also think you 're a trustworthy one and a well-trained one too . 
 and i already told you , i will do what you tell me to . ' 
 i could have said a lot of things , and i could have used insults a lot worse than world 's biggest jerk . 
 nevertheless , my words had an effect on denver . 
 rather than letting loose with another blast of rage , he pressed his lips together into a hard and thin line . ' 
 i thought you said i was n't a jerk ? ' 
 i raised an eyebrow tersely . 
 ` i 'm a complicated woman . ' 
 denver laughed . 
 he actually laughed . 
 ` now that 's an understatement . ' 
 ` and what , you 're a simple guy ? 
 if you were a simple guy , we would n't be having this conversation full of double entendres and things left unsaid . ' 
 he stopped laughing . 
 instead he again stood there silently with all the intensity of a star . 
 ` it 's a bad idea to get involved with you right now , ' he answered through gritted teeth . 
 wow , he was being honest and upfront , finally . 
 ` you are 100 % right , ' i swallowed any disappointment that dared to tighten my stomach . 
 ` so let 's leave what 's in the past in the past . 
 what i need to know from you now is whether i can leave when my car is ready and whether i will be safe . ' 
 ` no new information has come up . 
 though i ca n't repeat the exact details of the investigation , i can say that currently you 're not in it . 
 nothing seems to indicate . . . 
 you will be next , ' he managed uncomfortably . 
 forcing myself to straighten my back and steel my breath to stop my fear from spiraling out of control , i nodded stiffly . 
 then i stopped . 
 no new information had come up , i repeated his words in my mind and they instantly reminded me of what i 'd learnt about nancy . 
 maybe he saw my sudden unease , because his eyebrows crumpled down in a snap . 
 ` what ? ' 
 he even took a jerky step towards me . 
 ` i . . . 
 , ' i swallowed , my mouth dry and my throat itchy , ` look , it 's likely nothing , but , ' i began . 
 ` tell me , ' he snapped . 
 ` nancy , ' i said simply . 
 ` i 'm not going to tell you what happened , ' he began . 
 i put my hand up to stop him . 
 ` no , look , i was talking to annabelle , and she told me some . . . 
 disturbing things about nancy . 
 apparently , nancy was the one who printed those postcards out , and annabelle caught her defiling yearbook photos of me too . 
 and apparently she went to great lengths to try to find out where i lived and how much i earn . ' 
 denver snapped his lips closed and looked pensive . 
 i wanted him to say something , but instead he clutched his chin with one hand and rubbed his bristle with crooked fingers . 
 ` annabelle also said that . . . 
 nancy was always unstable , psychopathic even . 
 i know this is going to sound strange , but ever since she saw me , she 's been acting very strange around me . ' 
 ` is that it ? ' 
 i gave a startled breath . 
 is that it ? 
 i 'd just told him that nancy had been asking suspicious questions about me and was likely the one who 'd stashed a threatening postcard in my room . 
 no , that was n't it . 
 he was the fbi agent here ; surely , he knew what would come next . 
 he had to question nancy , he had to find out if she was the murderer , and he had to stop her before she struck again . 
 blinking at him with surprise , it did n't take too long for those rugged eyebrows of his to descend even closer to his already perfectly narrowed eyes . 
 ` you need to stop before you accuse her , ' he said bluntly , ` you need a lot more evidence than that . ' 
 i put my hands up in exasperation . 
 he 'd seen her , right ? 
 the little jacket of hysteria she 'd shrug into just to get male attention ? 
 he remembered that , right ? 
 or was his memory too focused on the leopard print cleavage ? 
 i found myself pressing my lips together and grinding my teeth . 
 this was not how i had imagined this going down . 
 in my mind , even though i did n't entirely like denver , i still trusted him . 
 and unlike thorne-as bad as it sounded-i knew denver would do his job well . 
 well , right now he did n't appear to be doing his job well ; he did n't appear to be doing it at all . 
 ` are you even going to investigate this ? 
 or are you just going to go back to nancy and let her fall into your arms and thank you for all your heroic efforts ? ' 
 my voice brimmed with sarcasm . 
 even as i said it , i realized it was a mistake . 
 you could n't tease some men , because there were some men like denver scott-firecrackers dressed up in suits with jaws hard as steel . 
 ` you want to stop right there , ' he spat , ` before you do yourself even more of a disgrace . 
 do you think you 're better than everybody else , patti ? 
 do you think you can run around casting aspersions on people ? 
 do you think you know more about this case than the fbi does ? ' 
 i reeled back . 
 it was a combination of what he was saying and how he was saying it . 
 ` stop it , ' i spat back , ` why does everyone keep on saying that ? 
 i have never brought up my wealth . 
 i do n't care how much you earn . 
 i do n't even want to know . 
 all i want is not to wind up dead on the front porch of a high school i hated bitterly . 
 is that too much to ask ? ' 
 my voice started to crack . 
 ` do you have any idea - ' he began . 
 he did not get to finish . 
 at that moment , someone shrieked his name . 
 and i do mean shriek . 
 it was the kind of noise that echoed off the walls and punched its way into your eardrums like the blast of a jet engine . 
 ` denver , oh my god , denver , ' nancy called as she made her way across the street . 
 denver turned faster than i 'd ever seen anyone move before . 
 ` what are you doing out of the police station ? ' 
 he ran up to her as she ran over to him . ' 
 i had to find you . 
 so i slipped out the back , ' she waved a hand at her face as crocodile tears slipped down her smooth , alabaster cheeks and chin . 
 ` what , why ? ' 
 as nancy reached denver , he willingly placed an arm around her shoulder for support and that of course elicited a soft little moan from her . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 denver saw it , and the look he shot me could have shattered diamond . 
 ` why did you leave the police station ? 
 why did you have to find me ? ' 
 denver asked nancy as he looked down into her eyes . 
 ` i 'm just so scared . 
 i do n't know who to trust . 
 and i think one of the officers there-oh , this is going to sound incredible , but he 's acting strangely . 
 i 'm almost sure he has something to do with this , ' nancy managed as her lips wobbled around her words . 
 ` what ? 
 look , nancy , you 're just stressed and scared . 
 i 'll take you back to the police station and look into this for you , ' he added when she gave another whimper . 
 okay , so she was allowed to cast aspersions willy-nilly on law enforcement officials , of all people , but as soon as i pointed my finger at nancy , denver shouted me down . 
 right , i understood what was happening here . 
 before i could watch denver shepherd nancy back to his car , i heard several footsteps coming our way . 
 then the footsteps stopped , and not gently . 
 ` what the hell are you doing here ? 
 what the hell is she doing here ? ' 
 thorne asked as he took one jerky step into the mouth of the alleyway , pointing at nancy as he did . 
 light from a nearby streetlamp reflected off his face , and it made the dark shadows under his thin lips and narrowed eyes all the more severe . 
 ` nancy is a little overcome . 
 she got out of the police station to try to find me , but i 'm going to take her back , ' denver answered directly . 
 ` why the hell would she go to find you ? ' 
 thorne snapped back , taking a quick and powerful step forward . 
 ` boys , boys , please , do n't fight over little old me , ' nancy thumbed her tears off her cheek , ` i 'm not worth it . ' 
 holy crap , i could have fallen over in uncontrollable laughter at that one . 
 not worth it ? 
 nancy was acting , badly . 
 while thorne and denver had n't had the displeasure of being with nancy in drama class , i had , and i recognized every movement , every lilt of her voice , and that knowing flicker deep in her eyes . 
 she was playing them . 
 but that did n't matter , because both boys were obviously distracted by the presence of each other and their competition over a woman , that they were too busy to notice . 
 i could n't take this anymore . 
 this town was driving me insane . 
 i had to get out . 
 ` denver , ' nancy turned her smile on him as she sliced her attention ever so briefly towards me , ` what are you doing in this alleyway with patti ? ' 
 ` just leaving , ' denver said directly . 
 i laughed bitterly . 
 ` that 's a coincidence , because so am i. ' i bit hard into my lip to stem the tide of torrid emotion . ' 
 i ca n't do this anymore . ' 
 ` you do n't have a car , ' denver turned all of his attention my way , even though nancy was patting her hand on his chest . 
 in that moment she could have been trying to kiss him wildly and passionately , but i knew he still would n't have turned away from me . 
 ` so i 'll hitchhike , ' i spat between clenched teeth . 
 he snorted . 
 ` hey now , patti , that 's a terrible idea . 
 i could n't let you do that , ' thorne said honestly . 
 denver snorted again . 
 ` she is n't going to hitchhike . 
 despite the act , she is not that stupid . ' 
 ` how the hell would you know ? 
 you did n't talk to me in high school , and now you 've known me again for barely two-and-a-half days . 
 you have no idea the kinds of risks i take and the kind of life i lead . ' 
 ` women like you do n't come with any surprises , just disappointments , ' denver scowled around his words . 
 fuck . 
 i was going to hit him . 
 no , i was going to throttle him , drag him into the ditch , and then smack him with my handbag until i taught him that misogyny and being an arrogant jerk had n't been in favor for the past hundred years . 
 ` shit , denver , shut up . 
 what the hell are you saying ? ' 
 thorne waded in . 
 ` you think i ca n't get out of this town ? 
 you are dead wrong , ' i continued , ignoring thorne and staring only denver . ' 
 i will find a car . ' 
 ` hey now , i did n't mean to interrupt there , ' someone said as they awkwardly walked towards the mouth of the alleyway , ` but your argument there can be heard from across the street . ' 
 thorne and denver stiffened immediately . 
 ` i 'm very sorry , sir , ' both thorne and denver said at once . 
 the man put his hands up . 
 ` you do n't need to apologize to me , but i could n't help hearing that you there , ' the man-who was fat and balding and had a round , friendly face-pointed at me , ` need a car . 
 well my name is harvey richardson , and i own the only dealership in town . 
 if you come in tomorrow morning , i 'm sure i can give you a good deal . ' ' 
 i will pay you $ 50,000 to give me a car tonight . 
 i will double the asking price or triple it if i have to , but i want one right now , ' i said . 
 harvey spluttered . 
 ` i 'm serious . 
 where is your car dealership ? ' 
 ` triple the price ? ' 
 harvey looked like he was about to have a heart attack . 
 ` show me to your dealership , and i 'll show you to my credit card , ' i nodded at him . 
 i was not the kind of girl who threw her money around . 
 i was polite and i was private ; my parents had taught me that lesson . 
 i never flashed my cash . 
 yet right now it was time to throw my money around . 
 i had to get out of wetlake , anyway i could . 
 denver did n't say anything . 
 he just looked at me coldly . 
 i imagine if i 'd had the time and inclination , i would have realized how complicated his expression was . 
 i did n't care . 
 ` patti , what are you doing ? ' 
 thorne asked in disbelief . 
 ` leaving before i go insane . 
 look , thank you so much for your help , but i ca n't . . . 
 stay here . 
 i just have to go . ' 
 i controlled myself , stemming my tears , but only just . 
 ` if you need my statement or anything like that , i will get in touch with my local police station . 
 but i ca n't stay another second in this town . ' 
 ` all your stuff is in your hire car , ' thorne pointed out , voice croaking through a clearly dry mouth . ' 
 i do n't care . 
 the hire company can send my luggage back to me or they can chuck it all in the dumpster . ' 
 denver still did n't say a word . 
 nancy , on the other hand , watched me intently . 
 there was such a strange quality behind her gaze that it made my back itch . 
 i turned away quickly . 
 ` it 's dangerous to drive at night , ' thorne began , ` especially along roads you do n't know , and especially when you 're not . . . 
 , ' he trailed off . 
 he was likely going to say something polite like ` feeling well ' . 
 i 'd already driven angry today , and look where that had gotten me ? 
 lost and alone and climbing over railings to get away from innocent cars . 
 well this was different . 
 ` it 's dangerous to stay in this town , ' i spat back . 
 it was rude . 
 but i just had to get away . 
 ` i 'm sorry , ' i swallowed as bitter emotion rose through my tight throat . 
 ` please thank annabelle . 
 i 'll send her a card or a letter or something . 
 tell her it 's nothing about her ; i just need to leave . ' 
 i now took several steps forward and nodded at harvey . 
 harvey 's eyes were wide as he stared around at everybody . 
 he clearly had no idea what was going on . 
 ` i 'm ready , ' i placed my hands neatly in front of myself and nodded at him . 
 ` ah , ' he said , clearly hesitating . 
 ` i 'm sure i can offer someone else $ 50,000 for a car , ' i snapped rudely . 
 there i went again , ignoring all of my manners . 
 if my mother had been here , she would have tutted and reminded me that no one likes arrogant , wealthy jerks . 
 ` no , no , come this way , ' harvey waved me forward . 
 i nodded one last time at thorne and tried to ignore the conflicted and hurt look crumpling his features . 
 i did n't even turn to look at denver though . 
 because screw denver . 
 chapter 14 it was ten o'clock at night and i was buying a car in wetlake . 
 when i say car , i mean enormous pickup truck . 
 this was a small town , after all , and they did n't exactly sell nice , zippy , hatchbacks . 
 picking the newest truck in harvey 's fleet , it took under an hour to get the finance and papers sorted . 
 when harvey realized i was for real , and actually had the money , things went extremely smoothly . 
 he also had the dignity not to ask me what the hell had been going on between me and denver and thorne scott . 
 he just made me a cup of coffee , asked to see my driver 's license , and chatted about banal things like the weather as we signed the papers . 
 not once did we mention the reunion and not once did we mention the murders . 
 though i half expected thorne to drive over to the dealership to try to get me to stop from leaving again , he did n't . 
 i 'd hurt him , had n't i ? 
 as for denver , who knew where he was . 
 probably wrapped up snug in nancy 's arms , i thought snidely . 
 yet as soon as i thought it , i quickly chided myself ; it was a bitchy thing to think and it was undoubtedly wrong . 
 denver was a lot of things , but he appeared to be immune to nancy 's charms . 
 he was just doing his job . 
 as i walked out of the car dealership swinging the keys on my finger and waving at harvey , i repeated that to myself . 
 denver was just doing his job . 
 i was the one being the epic bitch here . 
 i was n't cutting him any slack . 
 i was n't factoring in that he would be under immense pressure and responsibility . 
 i was just snapping , rubbing my money in his face , and running . 
 feeling exceedingly sorry for myself but still quite angry , i got in the truck and gunned the engine . 
 i was n't used to engines that roared and made the whole vehicle shake from underneath you , but briefly it made me smile . 
 then i had to start driving the thing , and i promptly realized that it was a lot bigger than the small cars i was used to . 
 half expecting a roadblock of scott boys , i was sure to take a circuitous root out of town . 
 in fact , as i did , i swore i saw thorne at one point , driving around , no doubt looking for me . 
 even though i 'd hurt him , clearly he still knew how to do his job . 
 he was just so exceedingly respectful and diligent . 
 the kind of guy who always lived by his morals and who always did what was right . 
 likely , the thought of me paying triple for a truck i could hardly drive and heading out along the dangerous , winding roads of wetlake in the middle of the night horrified him . 
 well i avoided him . 
 i had to get out of here . 
 though i realized how much of a bitch i was being for leaving annabelle without a word and thorne without a smile and a genuine thank you , i could n't stay another second in this town . 
 between scott boys and murders , this place was shredding from me every sense of power and self-worth i 'd built up over the years . 
 sniffing hard at that thought and rubbing my nose , i returned my hands to the steering wheel , sat up straight in the car , and got ready for a very long drive . 
 fortunately , i 'd charged my phone , and i could use the gps map to direct me out of wetlake , though i was n't dumb enough to trust it entirely . 
 if i asked it to direct me to the nearest town , it would probably take me to the nearest quarry or pit or cliff or wolf-infested valley instead . 
 i would just have to drive until i hit one of the main roads , and then i could use the signs to direct me to a place i could stay . 
 i 'd call into some motel , get a couple of hours ' shuteye , and then continue my drive . 
 or would i ? 
 just as i rooted around in my bag for my bottle of water , my hand rubbed against something metal . 
 the keys . 
 my motel keys . 
 damn . 
 though i could try to post them , i did n't know how the motel would feel about that . 
 could they rent out the room while knowing i still had a set of keys to it ? 
 would that breach some kind of security protocol for them ? 
 probably . 
 also , they 'd likely charge me through the teeth for not returning the keys on time . 
 then again , i 'd just paid triple for a truck i would never drive once i 'd made it home . 
 still bothered by the idea of having the motel keys , i started to slow down . 
 and okay , maybe it was n't because of the motel keys . 
 maybe it was because of unfinished business at the motel . 
 denver . 
 i hated leaving a relationship angry . 
 i was the kind of person who wanted to fix something when it broke-the second it broke . 
 i did n't like to leave wounds festering . 
 denver was n't your average wound though , and he certainly could n't be fixed with a direct and mature conversation . 
 still , i found myself slowing down . 
 fuck . 
 i hit the steering wheel with the palm of my hand as i pulled to the side of the road . 
 i needed to say sorry , did n't i ? 
 i was being the world 's biggest bitch . 
 due to the stress of the situation and my own horrible personality , i was n't cutting him the slack he deserved . 
 while i could run away from the murders in an exceedingly expensive truck , he had to stay here and deal with them . 
 he had the responsibility to stop anyone else from being killed , and even though i knew most of my reunion buddies would be fleeing wetlake like rats from a sinking ship , the serial killer could follow them . 
 i swore again . 
 bitterly . 
 then i swore some more as i finally turned the truck around . 
 all i had to do was go up to his motel room , knock on the door , say sorry , and leave . 
 i knew he would n't accept my apology , but i had to give it a try . 
 and if he was n't there , then . . . 
 i 'd write him a note . 
 anything to preserve my sense of dignity and morality . 
 using my phone to navigate back to the motel , it only sent me on a few wild goose chases before i pulled up into the car park . 
 it was dead quiet . 
 it took me a long time to muster up the courage to open the door and jump down from my monstrosity of a vehicle . 
 there were a few porch lights on around the reception building , but i doubted anyone was actually staffing the counter at this time of night . 
 ` right . . . 
 , ' i trailed off , shaking my head so strenuously i could have snapped a neck muscle . 
 i forced myself to close the door of my car . 
 bringing my bag over my shoulder , i locked the car and i slowly , ever so slowly made my way across the car park , onto the grass , and up onto the porch . 
 i 'd already figured out which room was denver 's . 
 he had n't told me , but i 'd seen him returning to it several times . 
 right now i walked over to it morosely , as if i were on a death march . 
 my shoulders had never been so rounded , my stride never so weak , and my heart never so heavy with a potent mix of fright and shame . 
 i wanted to tell myself that i could n't reason with a man like denver , and that men like denver did n't deserve apologies . 
 he 'd brought this on himself . 
 if he 'd only been nicer , like his brother , then i would n't have snapped at him and i would n't have left in a huff . 
 as soon as i thought that , i heard my mother 's disembodied voice saying there was never a reason to be rude . 
 i made it up to his door . 
 i think i stood there for a full five minutes , swallowing , staring back at my car , and staring over at the door . 
 i brought my hand up . 
 i got ready to knock . 
 i let my hand drop . 
 i took a step away , still staring at the door . 
 ` are you going to knock on that thing ? ' 
 denver asked from behind me . 
 i yelped , stuffing my hands over my mouth so my scream did n't carry . 
 i turned to see him behind me , his head leaning to the side as he stared my way . 
 ` what are you doing here ? ' 
 reluctantly i unstuffed my hands from my mouth . 
 fumbling through my bag , i pulled out my motel keys . ' 
 i have to return these . ' 
 ` reception is closed . 
 it 's one o'clock in the morning . ' 
 ` i 'll just put them under their door then , ' i managed , stuttering through my every word . 
 ` reception is over there , ' he pointed across the lawn . 
 ` yes , i know that . ' 
 ` that , ' he pointed at the door behind me , ` is my room . ' 
 yes , i knew that too . 
 i did n't say anything . 
 which was stupid . 
 it made me seem meek and suspicious at the same time . 
 pushing my hair from my face , i turned and took a step towards reception . ' 
 i guess i 'll return these . . . 
 and leave . ' 
 ` before you 've apologized ? ' 
 ` excuse me ? ' 
 i turned over my shoulder to face him . 
 ` you came here to apologize . 
 you have n't done it yet , ' he pointed out coldly . 
 i swallowed stiffly , my throat dry and tight . 
 i shook my head . 
 ` oh , so why are you knocking on my door ? ' 
 he asked , his voice so deep and rumbling that it shook through my belly . 
 ` you after something else ? ' 
 both my eyebrows raised in a snap . 
 ` if you are , you should start with an apology . ' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 ` you are a callous jerk . ' 
 he sniffed . ' 
 i know . 
 and you are arrogant , self-assured , and out of your depth . ' 
 ` out of my depth ? ' 
 i tilted my head to the side , somewhat like a snake , and stared at him severely . 
 ` what 's that meant to mean ? ' 
 ` it means that you spend your life writing books , spending money , and never dealing with the darker side of humanity . ' 
 i snorted . 
 i could n't help it . 
 ` why are you so fixated on what i earn ? ' 
 ` why did you just change the subject ? 
 why are you knocking on my door ? ' 
 ` oh , is this your door ? ' 
 i asked with feigned sincerity . ' 
 i did n't realize . 
 i thought it belonged to somebody who 's owed an apology . 
 not somebody who is such a world-class ass that they deserve everything they get . ' 
 ` so you are here to apologize ? 
 because you are n't doing a very good job . ' 
 ` are you enjoying this ? ' 
 i gestured between us . 
 ` because i 'm not . 
 i just want to leave this town . ' 
 ` guess what , so do i , ' he spat bitterly . 
 extremely bitterly . 
 the stress and the pressure seemed to break through in that moment . 
 ` but i ca n't , not until we stop the killer . 
 you get to turn around , flash your money , buy a truck , and flee from your problems . 
 i have to stay here . ' 
 i dropped my gaze . 
 ` i 'm trying to do everything i can , but it ai n't easy . 
 i 've got a brother who legitimately hates me , a town who discusses every single detail of a case they should n't know anything about , a serial killer whose methods do n't make any sense , and to top it all off this strange woman from high school who drives me wild . ' 
 i 'd opened my mouth in preparation to shout at him , but i spluttered instead . 
 ` you did n't think i could be honest , did you ? 
 well there you go , patti , you 're about to leave , so what 's the harm ? 
 you drive me wild . 
 i do n't know why . 
 and it does n't matter . ' 
 i was blushing and tingling all over . 
 ` it might be my acerbic personality , ' i tried through a tight breath . 
 ` it 's not that , ' he shook his head resolutely . 
 ` you 're only acerbic when you 're pushed . 
 the rest of the time you pleasantly cynical . ' 
 no one had ever described me as pleasantly cynical before . 
 ` then i guess it 's my looks . 
 maybe you go for homely , girl-next-door dimples . ' 
 he shook his head . 
 ` the girl next door to me was stacey clarke , and she grew up to be a model . ' 
 i raised my eyebrows . 
 ` maybe it 's my money ? 
 no one else in this town can stop talking about it . ' 
 ` i 've saved since i started working . 
 i invest , and i squirrel away what i do n't have to spend on suits and food . 
 now i 'm not saying i have as much as you do , but i can get by . 
 it 's not your money . ' 
 i was forced to bring my hands up in exasperation . 
 ` then i have no idea what it is . 
 maybe you 've secretly had a thing for me ever since high school ? ' 
 i asked , now blushing furiously . 
 after all , it was every teenage girl 's fantasy that the hottest guy in school would one day turn around and tell her she was the most wildly attractive woman in the world . ' 
 i never noticed you in high school , ' he answered truthfully . 
 ` well then , i am fresh out of ideas . ' 
 ` you give up too easy , ' he toyed with me . 
 again i raised my eyebrows . 
 we were way beyond flirting now . 
 we were into some strange realm of unresolved sexual tension into which i had never ventured and had little experience with . 
 this was the most intense romantic twenty questions i 'd ever gone through . 
 which made perfect sense when you realized denver scott was the one doing the questioning . 
 ` are you going to tell me ? ' 
 i asked after a pause . 
 ` in the bureau they teach us to reveal as little information as we can , ' denver said blankly . 
 ` but they teach you to relentlessly pursue it , i see ? ' 
 he nodded . 
 ` so patti , why are you attracted to me ? ' 
 damn . 
 that was direct . 
 it was also not how flirting worked . 
 some subtle hints here and there , a saucy smile , and some flowers if you wanted to overdo it-but not this , whatever this way . 
 i gave the kind of shaking , bust-heaving breath any bodice-clad damsel would be proud of . 
 ` do n't blush , do n't splutter , just tell me , ' he said . 
 again i was suddenly struck with the furious desire to hit the man . 
 where did he get off being so . . . 
 so . . . 
 direct ? 
 that 's it ; denver was direct . 
 he was the most direct man i 'd ever met . 
 ` is this where i 'm meant to tell you that i had a thing for you ever since high school ? ' 
 i controlled my tone , insuring it did n't waver with anything but sarcasm . 
 ` it 's been a long time since high school . 
 and i 've changed . 
 i was a bully in high school . 
 i broke hearts and i did n't give a damn-anything to impress my friends . 
 so no , i do n't want you to tell me you liked me since high school . ' 
 he had n't moved towards me and he had n't moved away . 
 he was still standing in the exact same spot , the porch lights shining down from above and defining every tight line and angle to his muscles and jaw . 
 ` what do you want me to say then ? ' 
 i asked . 
 ` the truth . ' 
 ` and you think you 've earned that ? ' 
 i clamped my hands before me , trying to look proper . 
 ` yes , ' he answered flatly . 
 damn . 
 maybe he had . ' 
 i do n't see why you get to ask all the questions and i have to answer them . ' 
 i laced my fingers together and squeezed them tight , trying to ignore the tide of nerves and pleasant tingles racing up and down my back . 
 ` because i 'm better at this , ' he answered triumphantly . 
 i smiled . 
 snidely . 
 the arrogant-brute routine could only go so far . 
 i was done being pushed and pulled by denver scott . 
 it was time for him to make up his mind or to leave me alone . 
 ` well then , if you 're better at this , then you 'll have to find a way to stop me from leaving , ' i turned and walked past him . 
 i made it to the porch . 
 then down onto the grass . 
 this was the bit where he should stop me . 
 run after me . 
 say my name , tenderly grab my arm , and do anything to stop me from leaving him . . . . . 
 he did n't come after me . 
 well fine then . 
 his loss . 
 but i was n't going to look back at him , not even once . 
 seriously . 
 i had enough self-control not to look back . 
 i made it all the way back to my car . 
 placing my fingers on the handle , i paused . 
 i told myself to open it . 
 to drive away . 
 i had n't exactly apologized to denver , but then again , this apology had taken me in a direction i had n't been expecting . 
 or had i ? 
 perhaps that was the real reason i 'd come back to the motel . 
 ` you have to open the door to drive away , patti , ' he pointed out sarcastically . 
 jesus christ he was a jerk . 
 through and through . 
 to his family , to his brother , and to me . 
 the guy was more complicated than my high school brain would ever have been able to predict . 
 i spent my working life warning women off men like denver scott . 
 sure , they were fun to begin with , but it would n't last . 
 movies and novels made tortured souls like denver look great . 
 but movies and novels never stuck around long enough to show you the aftermath . 
 sure , they would be there when the disastrous couple got together , but they would n't show you when they broke apart . 
 in flames . 
 i knew men like denver scott . 
 they were too complicated . 
 and it was my number one rule never to get involved with complicated guys . 
 so why was i turning around ? 
 why was i walking across the car park , across the lawn , and up the porch steps ? 
 why was i staring at him ? 
 why was n't i looking away when he stared back ? 
 because just maybe i did n't know as much as i thought . 
 wetlake had brought surprises . 
 it was about to bring another . 
 chapter 15 i reached him . 
 my bag dropped off my shoulder as i pushed into him . 
 he collapsed his arms around my middle . 
 bringing his head down , his breath beat hard into my neck as he leaned his full weight against mine . 
 running my hands down his arms , i felt him smiling as he pressed his cheek against mine . 
 mumbling something , he leaned into me again until he pressed me against the door . 
 before i could question whether we were going to do this outside , i felt him pull his keys from his pocket . 
 slipping his hand past my waist , he fumbled with them until the lock unclicked . 
 pushing the door open , i fell back . 
 my arms around his neck and back , i took him with me . 
 we thumped against the soft but warn carpet of the motel room . 
 laughing into my hair , he pushed his hand down my arm , over my back , and around to my stomach . 
 ` the door 's still open , ' i pointed out as i finally kissed him . 
 his lips locked against mine . 
 twisting his head and pushing harder into my mouth , he let his fingers and thumbs drag distractingly over my neck and chest . 
 i grabbed my hands over his jaw , leaning up and into him . 
 breaking apart , but still holding onto his face , i looked into his eyes for a moment . 
 ` is this a good idea ? ' 
 i asked breathlessly . 
 ` it 's a terrible idea ; the door 's still open , ' he replied . 
 my lips curled into the sliest of smiles . 
 denver scott let his hands drop from my stomach and back as he stood up . 
 he walked over to the door . 
 he stepped out . 
 he grabbed my bag . 
 he walked back in . 
 he placed my bag respectfully on the side table . 
 he closed the door and bolted it . 
 then he turned on the lights . 
 i watched him smile , and then he reached me . 
 chapter 16 i woke up to the familiar sound of someone knocking insistently on the door . 
 but something was different this time . 
 as i opened my eyes , i opened them to the sight of denver scott . 
 blinking his own eyes open , he looked confusedly at me for just a second . 
 then he smiled . 
 then the knocking continued . 
 ` shit , ' he said through a short breath . 
 ` denver ? 
 denver , is that you ? 
 are you in there ? ' 
 we both looked at each other as if we 'd been sprung , but fortunately the voice did n't belong to thorne scott . 
 it was a woman . 
 ` who is it ? ' 
 denver finally called out . 
 ` it 's me , annabelle . 
 i need to talk to you . 
 can i come in ? ' 
 denver turned to me and mouthed the word annabelle with a confused look on his face . 
 i shrugged my shoulders . 
 but i did n't say anything . 
 ` what is this about ? 
 i 'm just getting dressed , ' denver said as he got out of bed , still looking at me as he did . 
 ` the murders , it 's important i talk to you . ' 
 denver swore softly . 
 ` right , i 'll be out in a second . ' 
 i watched him dress quickly . 
 ` are you coming ? ' 
 he whispered . 
 i shook my head and hugged my pillow determinedly . 
 this elicited a soft snort from him . 
 ` she does n't want me ; she wants you , ' i whispered back . 
 ` i 'll be quick , ' as he said that , he stared right at me . 
 damn him , because tingles-quick , fast , and wholly effective-shot all the way through my back and stomach . 
 ` right , you 're not going to drive away in your big old country truck as soon as i turn my back on you ? ' 
 he questioned as he walked backwards towards the door . 
 i paused to look as if i were thinking , then i shook my head . 
 ` promise ? ' 
 i nodded . 
 he finally turned around , opened the door a crack , and walked out without ever revealing too much of his room and the fact that little old patti smith was sleeping in his bed . 
 i stayed there huddled against the pillow as i smiled wildly . 
 i was n't usually one to smile wildly . 
 hell , in a moment i might even have to start giggling . 
 before i could , however , i frowned as i listened to what denver and annabelle were talking about . 
 though i could n't hear everything , one word came up clearly . 
 a rather memorable one . 
 patti . 
 why were they talking about me in conjunction with the murders ? 
 reluctantly i got out of bed and i padded across the floor and pressed my ear hard against the door . 
 the wood was cold , but i did n't pull away . 
 ` i 'm sorry to disturb you so early in the morning , denver , but i could n't sleep last night . 
 i just had to tell somebody . ' 
 ` what ? ' 
 i heard denver 's voice ripple with suspicion . 
 ` about patti smith . 
 there 's something . . . 
 not right there . 
 she is so damn arrogant . 
 rubbing our faces in her wealth . 
 shit , you would think we 're all dirt compared to her . ' 
 ` you said you have information about the murders , ' denver prompted quickly . 
 ` not information so much as a hunch . 
 look , i had to tell somebody , but when i picked patti up yesterday , she kept on asking questions about nancy . 
 really personal questions . 
 she wanted to know where nancy lived , whether she still had any family , where she was going after wetlake , what she did for a living , who her friends are . 
 the questions just would n't stop . 
 and you should have seen the look in her eyes , denver ; i 'm telling you something is n't right there . ' 
 what on earth was going on here ? 
 was annabelle , seemingly the nicest most genuine person in all of wetlake , stabbing me in the back ? ' 
 i see , ' denver said objectively . 
 christ . . . 
 he could n't believe this , could he ? ' 
 i need more . 
 do you have . . . 
 , ' he trailed off . 
 ` evidence ? 
 do you think i 'd be here if i did n't have evidence ? 
 she left something at my house last night . 
 i ca n't even imagine why i let her come home with me in the first place . 
 but you know us people from wetlake ; we 're just too trusting . 
 anyhow , i thought you could come and have a look at what she left . 
 it 's a little . . . 
 scrapbook thing . 
 full of pictures , and i do n't even want to know what they depict and where they came from . 
 but denver , i think you need to see them . ' 
 i clamped a hand over my mouth . 
 what in holy hell was happening here ? 
 i had n't left anything at annabelle 's . . . 
 except for my clothes . 
 and as for scrapbooks , she 'd shoved a couple of her own under my face , but that was it . 
 i 'd never scrapbooked anything in my life . 
 what the hell was she talking about ? 
 ` did you call this in ? ' 
 denver asked quietly . 
 ` of course i did ; i told the local police everything i 'm telling you . 
 but everyone is so busy , i thought i 'd come and get you personally . 
 plus , i do n't want some clod i barely know mucking up my house . 
 and though i love your brother dearly , he seems a little out of his depth here . ' 
 i listened to annabelle with my mouth pressed open and my hands shaking . ' 
 i mean , do n't you think it 's a little bit more than a coincidence that patti smith , the one person who hated wetlake high more than any other , shows up and suddenly people start dying ? 
 her classmates ? 
 the very same people who ridiculed her ? 
 i 'm telling you , something snapped in that there brain of hers , and i 've got the evidence to prove it . 
 and it 's got her fingerprints all over it , ' she added triumphantly . 
 denver did n't say a word . 
 yet he had to know that i was right behind the door . 
 ` she told me about receiving that threatening note on the back of a postcard lowered into her bathroom while she was in the shower . 
 it makes no sense , right ? 
 someone managed to get into her room without her hearing ? 
 yeah right . 
 when she told me that story , i could see she was lying . 
 it would be the perfect distraction . 
 keep you and the rest of the police busy thinking she 's the next in line while she goes off and murders another one of our classmates . ' 
 ` take me to your house , ' denver said quietly . 
 i closed my eyes and pressed them shut as tight as i could . 
 ` it will be a relief to have a professional look over it . 
 i just . . . 
 do n't want to even look at the stuff , ' annabelle said , her voice getting further away as she clearly walked down the porch and onto the grass . 
 soon their voices grew distant until i could no longer make them out at all . 
 a few minutes later , i heard the rumble of engines and then a crunching sound as tires traveled over the gravel . 
 then nothing . 
 i just sat there for god knows how long , wondering what in the hell had just happened . 
 annabelle was meant to be nice , but now she was trying to stitch me up . 
 holy crap . 
 holy crap . 
 what the hell was i meant to do ? 
 go straight to the police station , hand myself in , and call my lawyer ? 
 i did n't want to head off in my truck and try to go home only to have every federal agent in the vicinity of wetlake swoop down on me in helicopters toting enormous guns . 
 so i just . . . 
 sat there . 
 chapter 17 it took me a long time to force myself to get up . 
 i could n't simply sit there in denver 's room waiting for him to come back . 
 time ticked on , and he did n't return and neither did the police suddenly surround the motel , kick in the door , and drag me off to prison . 
 walking back and forth across the carpet , i could n't believe this was happening . 
 why had annabelle said those things ? 
 why was she setting me up ? 
 was she jealous of me ? 
 had she snapped ? 
 or . . . 
 christ . . . 
 was there a far more malevolent explanation ? 
 i stopped . 
 i paled . 
 annabelle had always been one of the nicest , most sociable people at school . 
 outgoing , friendly , and ready to give you a hand . 
 rubbing my head furiously , i walked into the bathroom , turned a faucet on , and washed my face . 
 then i slowly stared at the mirror . 
 my reflection stared back at me . 
 the faucet still on , i heard the water pooling and gurgling down the drain . 
 could annabelle be confused ? 
 could i have freaked her out somehow ? 
 no . 
 she had n't just shared her suspicions with denver ; she 'd made up a story . 
 she 'd also offered to show him evidence . . . . . 
 could annabelle be the murderer ? 
 i closed the faucet . 
 still staring at myself . 
 it was the only thing that made sense , was n't it ? 
 she was stitching me up to take the heat off herself . 
 she worked at the school ; she had access to the grounds , she had access to the board inside where photos of both murdered men had been found pinned up with goddamn blue pins . 
 the blue pins could easily be her calling card . 
 all serial killers had them , did n't they ? 
 god . 
 i had to do something . 
 but what ? 
 call the police ? 
 that was the sensible thing to do , right ? 
 reluctantly i made my way over to the table , grabbed at my bag , and yanked up my cellphone . 
 as i did , something fell onto the floor . 
 reaching down quickly , i realized what it was . 
 the card denver had given me . 
 his number . 
 before thinking , i started to dial it . 
 i had to tell him i had nothing to do with this , that annabelle was lying , and that she may in fact be the murderer . 
 pressing the phone against my ear , i did n't draw a breath until he answered . 
 there was only one problem though . 
 he did n't answer . 
 so i called again . 
 then i called once more . 
 just as i did , the signal cut out as if denver had turned off his phone . 
 i let my cellphone drop from my ear , and i stared over at the bed , my eyes wide with confusion . 
 why was n't he answering ? 
 i knew denver . 
 he would answer , right ? 
 even if he thought i was a serial killer , he would answer . 
 he 'd want to question me . 
 or maybe he did n't want to give the game up . 
 maybe he 'd called the feds , and they were on their way now , ready to surround the motel . 
 i was going insane . 
 i had to do something . 
 there was only one thing i could do : hand myself in before the door was kicked down . 
 i dressed , barely capable of forcing my legs through my jeans . 
 i managed it though . 
 then i grabbed at my bag , my brow slick with sweat , my fringe sticking to my cheeks . 
 i opened the door . 
 i closed the door . 
 i blinked my eyes shut , took a breath , and took a step across the porch . 
 then i stopped . 
 my shoe rolled over something . 
 glancing down , i plucked it up as i realized what it was . 
 a blue pin . 
 just like the ones i 'd found at the back of the motel and in front of my room . 
 had denver dropped it ? 
 had the raccoons gone through the trash again ? 
 my stomach twisting with uncertainty , i pushed the darn thing into my pocket and walked down the porch steps . 
 reaching my car , i turned the ignition on and pulled out of the car park . 
 though it was a misdemeanor , i grabbed my phone and called the local police station as i did . 
 someone answered . 
 thorne . 
 my stomach sank . 
 ` hello , who is this ? ' 
 ` it 's patti , ' i forced myself to say , ` now , listen to me-annabelle is lying . 
 i never asked any of those questions . 
 i have nothing to do with these murders . 
 you have to believe me . ' 
 ` hold on , slow down , what are you talking about ? 
 patti , is everything okay ? ' 
 ` annabelle . 
 you ca n't believe what she said . 
 she is lying . 
 she is trying to set me up . 
 and as for that scrapbook at her house , i have nothing to do with it . 
 she made me look at one of hers last night , and i 'm sure my fingerprints are all over it , but she 's stitching me up ' ' i have no idea what you 're talking about , ' thorne breathed hard into the receiver , ` you tell me what 's happening now . 
 you okay ? ' 
 i got a sudden sinking feeling in my stomach that descended right down to my feet . 
 ` annabelle . . . 
 she told denver - ' ` annabelle has not come to the police . 
 patti , take a deep breath and you tell me exactly what is going on . ' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 as i did , my mind caught up with me . 
 there 'd been two murders in wetlake . 
 both of rich men . 
 but both of men . 
 i 'd spent the last two days thinking i was next , thinking that someone was clearly picking off the most successful graduates of wetlake high . 
 maybe i was wrong . 
 maybe i 'd picked up the wrong pattern . 
 denver . 
 denver was the next target . 
 i skidded as i swerved off the road . 
 ` patti , what 's going on ? ' 
 ` denver . 
 jesus christ , she 's after denver . 
 he is the next target . 
 listen to me , thorne , annabelle came to denver 's room this morning , she told him that she had just called the police to share information about me . 
 she told him there was some kind of scrapbook with ghastly pictures of mine at her house , which i 'd conveniently left there last night . 
 she told him that the rest of the police did n't have the time to go and look at it . 
 she asked him to come back to her house . ' 
 there was a long pause . 
 ` what were you doing in denver 's room ? ' 
 ` really ? 
 that 's what you got from that ? 
 your brother is in danger . 
 if i 'm right , annabelle is the serial killer . 
 jesus , do something , send in the police . ' 
 there was another long pause . 
 ` you keep yourself safe , okay ? 
 drive into town , come to the station . ' 
 i let out a long breath of relief . 
 ` she lives in upper wetlake , ' thorne said quickly , ` we 'll send everything we can . 
 patti . . . 
 i 'm sorry . ' 
 i smiled anxiously into the receiver . 
 he did n't need to be sorry . 
 he just had to get to his brother before annabelle did . 
 chapter 18 i headed into wetlake . 
 or at least i tried to . 
 i kept using the gps map , and it kept directing me to the strangest of places , until finally i said to hell with it and grabbed out the actual , proper , paper map that had come free with the car and that was stuffed neatly in the bottom of my handbag . 
 unfolding it over the enormity that was my dashboard , i tried to figure out where i was and where i had to go . 
 tracing my finger along the streets and dirt tracks , i suddenly stopped . 
 i saw the area designated upper wetlake . 
 i frowned . 
 deeply . 
 that was n't where annabelle 's house was . 
 or rather , that was n't where she had taken me last night . 
 i was sure of it ; it was in completely the opposite direction . 
 shaking a little , i flicked my eyes up and surveyed the road before me . 
 it was vaguely familiar . 
 i 'd driven it before . 
 yesterday in fact , on the way up to annabelle 's . 
 shit . 
 i was close , was n't i ? 
 but not to upper wetlake-i was in an area called heatherton . 
 i started the car , grabbing the map roughly and throwing it onto the seat as i reached for my cellphone . 
 dear god . 
 had i just sent them to the wrong place ? 
 not knowingly , of course . 
 but had i just made thorne marshal every squad car in the district only to send them in completely the opposite direction ? 
 shaking , i started to drive , and i drew on every fragmented memory i had of the route up to annabelle 's . 
 as i did , i called him back . 
 he was n't there though . 
 someone else picked up the line . 
 in a desperate , shaky voice , i told them what was happening and they told me to pull off to the side of the road , stop , and wait . 
 i could n't . 
 how long did denver have ? 
 annabelle was many things , but she was quick . 
 and efficient . 
 i shuddered at that thought , a tear escaping my eye and trickling down my cheek . 
 pushing it away , i swore hard . 
 i had to find the house . 
 the place she 'd taken me to last night . 
 maybe she 'd bought it without telling anyone in town , maybe she 'd inherited it , or maybe she 'd done something grisly to the real owner . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i had to find it . 
 i was useless waiting on the side of the road . 
 upper wetlake was a full half an hour away from here . 
 who knew what could happen in half an hour . 
 i was usually such a sensible girl , but right now , i was a desperate one too . 
 forcing herself not to cry , whimper , or make a sound , i stiffened my back , pushed it hard into the seat , and i drove . 
 i took every road and every track until i started to remember . 
 until i started to recognize . 
 the exact sway of the trees , the exact turn and angle of the road . 
 then i saw it . 
 the dirt driveway that led up to her house . 
 i did n't hesitate . 
 i drove up to it . 
 but i did n't drive up it . 
 because while i was a desperate girl , i was still a sensible one . 
 chapter 19 i got out of my car and left the door wide open , but i took the keys from the ignition . 
 i let my bag in the front seat but grabbed my phone and pocketed my keys . 
 then i started to head up the long dirt driveway , quickly walking into the thick forest beside it and keeping low . 
 as i did , i called the police station . ' 
 i found the house , ' i hissed without even saying hello or introducing myself , ` i 've left my car next to the driveway with the doors open . 
 it 's a blue pickup truck . ' 
 ` stay where you are , ' the officer on the other end of the line snapped . 
 it was sensible advice . 
 i was n't exactly a commando here . 
 i did n't know hand-to-hand combat , and my knowledge of hostage situations was on par with my knowledge of quantum field theory . 
 but i could n't stay here . 
 one fact kept repeating around my head : annabelle was efficient . 
 terribly , terribly efficient . 
 ` stay there . . . 
 , ' the officer repeated , but her voice began to crackle with static . 
 i plucked my phone away from my ear and stared down at it . 
 the reception bar had dropped to zero . 
 fuck . 
 seriously ? 
 i just stood there wordlessly , staring at it . 
 my heartbeat thumped and rocketed through my body , my clenched teeth shaking with every thud . 
 then i forced myself to pocket my phone and continue . 
 i tried not to make a sound , but my breath was choppy and sharp . 
 the house was on top of a steep hill , and when it finally came into view , i could have crumpled to my knees in total fear . 
 i did n't though . 
 i kept on walking . 
 i locked my gaze on that three-story , ostensibly beautiful weatherboard house , and i kept moving forward . 
 be alive , i begged him silently in my mind . 
 i could n't take walking into that house to find . . . 
 what ? 
 annabelle standing over him with a knife in hand ? 
 blood tracked through the once-pristine halls and rooms ? 
 a body-his body-under the white and pink roses by the fence ? 
 i shook my head . 
 now was no time for imagination . 
 it was time for action . 
 i slowed as i neared the house . 
 i was suddenly thankful that annabelle had no pets . 
 if she 'd owned a dog , at this point it would have barked its lungs out , revealing me to the world as i hunkered low against her fence . 
 i needed a weapon or something . . . 
 right ? 
 or maybe what i needed was a distraction . 
 i was a sensible girl , after all , and i realized my chances of taking annabelle on , one-on-one , were non-existent . 
 she was unhinged , desperate , and had a row of glimmering knives above her kitchen sink . 
 with my back still pressed hard into the white picket fence , i turned sharply on the spot and searched for something . 
 anything . 
 she had a shed and a pile of wood stacked up in a shelter against the back of the house . 
 she also had gardening equipment strewn in front of the back door . 
 i was no macgyver , but i headed over to them , pressing my fingers into the gravel as i crawled my way there . 
 this was categorically the most fraught experience of my life . 
 i had never and would never feel fear like this again . 
 this went beyond my own personal safety ; the thought of what annabelle could be doing to denver wound around and around my mind , strangling it like a python . 
 i reached the gardening equipment . 
 my back bristled as i stared at the house . 
 keeping every move silent , i surveyed what was on the ground . 
 a rake , a spade , some gloves , a mower , and some gasoline . 
 i glanced at the gasoline then over to the woodpile . 
 now that would be a distraction . 
 i hesitated . 
 could i be making this up ? 
 did my imagination have the better of me ? 
 was denver in annabelle 's house right now having a cup of tea and chatting about me and definitely not being murdered ? 
 or was he not even here ? 
 had annabelle taken him to her other house , the one in upper wetlake ? 
 i doubted it ; her car was parked just a few feet away from me . 
 i could hear noises in the house too . 
 low , thudding ones . 
 she was here . 
 but was denver with her , and was he in the kind of mortal peril that would legally justify what i was about to do ? 
 if i was wrong and i was about to set annabelle 's whole woodpile on fire , then i was going to prison . 
 then i heard it . 
 someone screaming . 
 it was a male voice . 
 the scream was a long and tortured one . 
 the blood drained from my cheeks . 
 i grabbed up the gasoline can and started to dowse the woodpile with it . 
 when i was done , i searched desperately for a match . 
 plunging into the shed , i practically trashed the place until i found a packet of old , wet matches . 
 praying to god that one would work , i struck four until the fifth one lit . 
 then i chucked it on the woodpile . 
 the fire spread with a great whoomph . 
 the back of the woodpile leaned onto the back of the house . 
 it would n't take long for the house to catch fire . 
 and that would be one hell of a distraction . 
 taking several steps back and staring open-mouthed as the woodpile crackled and spat , i turned on my foot and i ran . 
 not to the back of the house , but to the front . 
 before i did , i leaned down and i snatched up the rake . 
 it was hardly an ax and it was n't exactly a chainsaw , but it would do . 
 i reached the front of the house just as i heard the back door slam open and someone swear in disbelief . 
 i tried the handle to the front door . 
 it was locked . 
 i ran around to where i knew the kitchen was , and without hesitation slammed the rake into the glass of the french doors . 
 it shattered . 
 i plunged in , my arm cutting against several of the ragged shards still lodged in the wooden frame . 
 by now i could hear the fire . 
 it was roaring . 
 i could also hear annabelle screaming . 
 jesus christ , i hoped i was right about this . 
 denver had better be in here otherwise i had just set fire to annabelle shaw 's house . 
 annabelle , who was indisputably the nicest person in all of wetlake . 
 i ran through the kitchen . 
 it was empty . 
 i ran into the corridor ; it was empty too . 
 i made it into the lounge room . 
 there was blood . 
 chapter 20 he was on floor . 
 there was blood covering the side of his face from a deep gash in the back of his head . 
 i collapsed next to him . 
 my hands were shaking . 
 i could n't stop them from shaking . 
 in fact , my whole body convulsed with fear . 
 i could n't bear to whisperer his name , yet he would n't have been able to hear me over the crackle and burst of flame as the woodpile engulfed the back of the house . 
 smoke seeped in from every crack and every corner , and i started to cough . 
 i finally leant down , clutching a hand to his shoulder . 
 i expected the worst . 
 i tried to turn him over . 
 that 's when he snapped up , swinging at me wildly . 
 before his hand could connect to my face , he stopped . 
 for a brief moment , he looked into my eyes . 
 ` patti ? ' 
 ` we have to get out of the house , ' i screamed , and i caught him just as he flopped forward . 
 ` what 's . . . 
 , ' he mumbled , voice becoming indistinct as his head lolled onto my shoulder . 
 what 's going on ? 
 oh , that would take far too long to explain . 
 instead , i tried to help him to his feet . 
 he was like a dead weight , but somehow i muscled him up and started dragging him towards the door . 
 though he was bleary eyed , he was n't out cold . 
 thankfully he managed to support himself even slightly as i forced him to walk as fast as he could . 
 ` come on , come on , ' i begged . 
 he groaned in reply . 
 as we moved painfully slowly , i kept snapping my head around , waiting for annabelle to burst out of every room wielding a sparklingly clean knife as she did . 
 we reached the front door . 
 we made it out . 
 i headed across the opposite side of the garden , insuring the bulk of the house hid us from the woodpile at the back . 
 ` come on , come on , ' i repeated over and over again as quietly as i could . 
 the roar of the fire was incredible , and the heat was astounding . 
 even from here , i could feel it sizzling through the air . 
 everything crackled , hissed , and spat . 
 but the screaming had stopped . 
 annabelle had shouted ever since she 'd heard the fire , but now she was quiet . 
 i turned over my shoulder , surveying the grounds and house . 
 god . . . 
 i had n't . . . 
 killed her , had i ? 
 had one of the burning logs pinned her down ? 
 had one of the beams in the house fallen on her ? ' 
 i should go back , ' i said aloud as i realized i could n't just leave her there . 
 denver , with whatever little strength he had , grabbed my hand . 
 ` no , ' he said firmly . 
 ` wait for the police . ' 
 i turned back around . 
 i continued to help him forward . 
 we reached the rim of the woods . 
 they plunged away sharply , leading down to a steep slope . 
 i started to help him down through the dense firs and pine trees , but suddenly he tripped , fell from my arms , and rolled a good eight feet before he managed to stop himself . 
 he looked back at me . 
 his bleary eyes drew wide . 
 ` patti , ' he screamed . 
 i heard something click from behind me . 
 sharp footsteps . 
 then something was pressed hard into my back . 
 ` stop , ' someone said . 
 annabelle . ' 
 i will shoot your guts out all over these woods , you understand ? ' 
 she hissed . 
 i nodded . 
 my hands were still by my sides , near my pockets . 
 i had all of three things in my pockets : a phone , my keys , and the blue pin i 'd picked up outside denver 's room . 
 ` put your hands up , ' she hissed again . 
 as i brought my hand past my pocket , somehow i managed to grab the pin . 
 ` stop fumbling , put them up now . ' 
 she repositioned the gun until it was pointing into the back of my head . 
 i was no expert , but it felt like a shotgun , or at least something long and powerful . 
 ` leave her alone , ' denver tried . 
 ` shut up , ' annabelle snapped . 
 i held the pin in my hand , pressed against my palm with my thumb as i spread my other fingers wide in surrender . 
 ` you had to get involved , did n't you ? ' 
 annabelle shoved the gun hard into my head . 
 ` you offered me a nice distraction . 
 while the cops thought i was going after you , they turned their backs on the real target . 
 the same with dear old nancy . 
 but you coming here was a mistake . ' 
 i did n't say a word . 
 i waited . 
 waited either for her to pull the trigger , or to give me a chance to do something . 
 ` you dumb bitch . 
 you had to stick your nose in . 
 this was n't about you , ' she croaked . 
 i did n't want to say anything , but i had to . 
 i had to buy time . 
 standing there silently would likely award me a bullet in the brain . 
 what i really needed was a chance . 
 ` why ? ' 
 i stuttered . 
 annabelle laughed . 
 ` you mean why did i do it ? 
 country boredom , ' she laughed again . 
 it was n't a nice laugh . 
 neither was it a happy one . 
 it was short and puttering like a dying engine . 
 ` bullshit , ' i said bravely . 
 her laughing stopped . 
 ` do you really want to piss me off ? ' 
 ` just leave her alone , ' denver 's voice shook . 
 ` stop being so darned chivalrous . 
 i remember you , denver , and you ai n't chivalrous . 
 you 're a goddamn bastard . 
 like the rest of them . ' 
 like the rest of them . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 ` you mean hank and james , do n't you ? ' 
 i asked quietly . 
 she shoved the gun hard into the back of my head . 
 i blinked , wincing at the pain , but i did n't move . 
 ` you 're forgetting frank bishop . 
 though they have n't found that body yet . ' 
 she sounded momentarily triumphant , but then she rammed the gun hard into my head again . 
 ` are you going to try and figure out why i did it , patti smith ? 
 are you moving out of self-help books into mysteries ? ' 
 i kept on holding onto that pin . 
 i 'd get my chance . 
 i 'd have too . 
 i had to keep talking . 
 distracting her . 
 it was my only hope . 
 if i were lucky , the police would arrive . 
 i 'd warned them that my car was waiting by the driveway . 
 they just had to hurry . 
 ` do you want me to figure out why you did it ? ' 
 i stalled for time . 
 this elicited another laugh . 
 ` you think you 're that good ? 
 patti , sweetie , i 've read some of your books , and you 're a goddamn idiot . ' 
 i was used to receiving criticism , but not at the end of a shotgun . 
 i let it slide . 
 ` they hurt you , right ? 
 james and hank and frank and denver-they hurt you in some way , and you 're getting revenge . 
 they broke your heart . 
 now you 're breaking theirs , literally . ' 
 ` do n't you try this police psychology bullshit on me . 
 you could n't possibly understand what it 's like to have your feelings toyed with , to try your hardest to be nice and decent only to repeatedly hear you are n't worth it . 
 the bitches like nancy get to live happily ever after , while i keep people together and get nothing for my troubles . 
 do you know how many times i helped james with his homework ? 
 do you know what happened when i asked him out to the dance ? 
 guess . 
 it was the same with hank and the others . 
 god , i tried my hardest to be nice to them , to look out for them , to do what was right and decent , ' annabelle 's voice became tensed and tight . 
 then she took a step back and swiveled her gun over to denver . 
 ` do you know what it 's like to live right but be rewarded with nothing but contempt ? 
 fuck you for ignoring me , denver , you were never worth it anyway . ' 
 i had to distract her . 
 in a split second i saw the look in her eyes and i knew she was going to pull the trigger . 
 ` actions have consequences , denver scott . 
 you should have been nicer to me in high school , ' annabelle leveled the gun . 
 ` is n't it all in the past ? ' 
 i shouted . ' 
 i might write bullshit advice on romance , but i feel obliged to point out one thing . 
 get over it . 
 high school was a long time ago . ' 
 she turned her gun back on me . 
 that 's when i acted . 
 that 's when i turned around . 
 that 's when i brought the pin out , twisted to the side , and stuck it hard into the back of her hand . 
 she let off a blast of the shotgun , but it missed me , it missed denver , and it lodged into a tree a couple of feet away . 
 bark spewed out as annabelle screamed in pain and dropped the gun . 
 i fell to the ground . 
 i tried to grab the gun . 
 she clutched at my neck . 
 i elbowed her hard , but she was stronger than me . 
 she was also completely unhinged . 
 gasping as her fingernails dragged across my flesh , she managed to grab the gun . 
 i heard denver try to move , but he could n't pull himself forward . 
 i had nothing . 
 apart from the pin . 
 i turned on her again and somehow managed to jam it back into her hand . 
 she dropped the gun . 
 i grabbed it . 
 somehow . 
 i pitched backwards and rolled several feet down the hill until my back slammed up against the very same tree that had been shot . 
 i heard her dash forward . 
 i raised the gun . 
 sirens started to blare in the distance . 
 i could hear tires crunching up the driveway . 
 it distracted her . 
 i 'd never used a gun before . 
 then again , before i 'd come back to wetlake , i 'd never had a fling with a man like denver either or tracked down a serial killer in the woods . 
 i shot the ground by annabelle 's feet . 
 she jumped back . 
 pushing into the tree behind me , i managed to stand , holding the gun and pointing it right at her . 
 she stared at me . 
 i mean her eyes locked onto mine . 
 it was one of those moments impossible to forget . 
 when the doors to someone 's soul dropped wide open and you managed to see what was inside . 
 desperation . 
 twisted desperation . 
 and soul-crushing loneliness . 
 annabelle was a broken woman . . . . . 
 i heard cars screeching to a halt , i heard people race our way , i heard guns cocking , and i heard people scream as they told me to lower my weapon . 
 ` it 's not her ; it 's annabelle , ' denver managed , still trying to push himself up , yet falling flat on his face repeatedly . 
 i put the gun down . 
 then i glanced over at him . 
 with his face pressed into the leaves and dirt , he stared back at me . 
 again i enjoyed a rare moment of staring right into someone 's soul . 
 this time i did n't see something that was broken . 
 i 'd been wrong about denver . 
 he was n't warped . 
 i 'd never seen warped and broken before today . 
 he was just complicated . 
 so was i. i was also quickly revising my golden rule . 
 you could have a successful relationship with a complex guy , as long as he was denver scott . 
 chapter 21 what happened next happened quickly . 
 annabelle was handcuffed and loaded into the back of a squad car , while denver was taken to hospital , his brother riding in the ambulance with him the whole way . 
 as for me , i was questioned , extensively , and eventually found myself all the way back where everything had started . 
 the lake motel . 
 in the same damn room . 
 staring at the same damn walls . 
 waiting for the same damn man . 
 two days after the incident , i woke up from a brief nap to insistent knocking on the door . 
 i knew who it was before i opened it . 
 he stood there . 
 his arm was in a sling and there were dressings over the back of his head and left cheek . 
 he looked worse for wear . 
 he also looked intently my way . 
 silently . 
 his lips were firmly closed and he did n't even make the slightest of sounds . 
 ` are you determined to never let me sleep ? ' 
 i leaned against the open door , unable to conceal my massive grin . 
 his previously blank expression became slightly pink . 
 ` you always knock on my door while i 'm sleeping , ' i clarified through a curling smile . 
 ` you snore , ' he pointed out immediately , ' i was waking you up before you ruptured someone 's eardrums . ' 
 ` and i see getting attacked by a psychotic ex-classmate has n't changed your charming sense of humor . ' 
 ` are you going to stand there berating me or are you going to invite me in ? ' 
 i paused , controlling the natural smile threatening to turn my cheeks hard into my eyes . ' 
 i do n't know , am i ? ' 
 ` i 'd rather not have this conversation outside . ' 
 ` conversation ? 
 is that what we 're doing here ? ' 
 i could see he was trying but failing to control his own grin . ' 
 i need to say thank you . 
 and maybe i need to apologize . ' 
 i straightened up visibly . 
 ` now this i 've got to hear . ' 
 ` though you contravened a direct order by a police officer and by my own brother not to go after me - ' ' i saved your life , ' i finished . 
 his eyes blazed . 
 ` you burnt down a woman 's house and could have started a forest fire . ' 
 ` yet i stopped a serial killer . ' 
 i crossed my arms , starting to get defensive . 
 apparently we were done playing . 
 ` and stopped a serial killer , ' he conceded , his voice unusually soft . 
 he nodded into the room , and i took a step back , watching him as he walked in and closed the door behind him . 
 he paused in silence for a moment . 
 ` thorne told me you were still here , ' he managed in a gentler voice . ' 
 i thought you would have gone back to d.c. in your electric blue pickup truck by now . ' 
 i swallowed . ' 
 i think i might sell the car back to the dealership , actually . 
 i ca n't really drive it , ' i admitted through a polite cough . ' 
 i think you 're going to make a considerable loss , ' denver laughed . 
 i joined in . 
 it broke the tension between us . 
 then we both petered out as we looked at each other . 
 ` you know , we both live in d.c. , ' i pointed out suddenly . 
 his eyebrow flicked up , but apart from that , i could n't read his expression . 
 ` you do n't say ? 
 are you pointing this out for a reason ? ' 
 ` yeah , i thought you could give me a lift home , ' i smiled . 
 ` pretty presumptuous of you . 
 i 'm a very busy guy . ' 
 ` really , what are you doing this afternoon ? ' 
 my eyes sparkled . 
 so did his . 
 ` i 'll have to see what offers come up . ' 
 ` you want me to say it , do n't you ? ' 
 i realized with a kick of nerves . 
 he nodded . 
 ` fine , denver scott , stay with me . 
 come back to d.c. with me . 
 meet my dogs . ' 
 ` is that like taking a guy home to your parents for the first time ? ' 
 he chuckled . 
 ` better . 
 my dogs wo n't make you eat pot roast . 
 but you can meet my parents if you want to . ' 
 ` patti , ' he took a step forward , and though he favored his injured arm , that did n't stop him from using his good hand to trail his fingers lightly down the side of my face , ` this sounds kind of serious , but you have n't even asked me out on a date . 
 how will you know if you like me if we do n't go out on a date ? ' 
 i snorted as i hooked my arm gently around his back . 
 he leaned into me and kissed my head . 
 ` fine , denver scott , would you like to go share a shitty motel sandwich with me out on the grass ? ' 
 ` wow , that sounds unforgettable , ' he mouthed as he kissed my head again . 
 ` the secret to the perfect relationship is the perfect first date , i 'm told . ' 
 ` then a shitty sandwich on damp motel grass it is . ' 
 i pulled him into a proper kiss . 
 his cheek was warm against mine , his lips firm as he nuzzled into me . 
 breaking away reluctantly , i suddenly got a devilish idea : ` or we could drive to the back of the high school car park and snog behind the gym . 
 i 've always wanted to do that with denver scott , ' i actually giggled . 
 he looked thoughtful . 
 ` okay , let 's do that instead , ' he joked . 
 ` or we could stay here , ' i breathed . 
 ` then we 'll stay here , ' he murmured into my ear . 
 before we became carried away , i coughed lightly . 
 ` you 're injured , ' i felt obliged to remind him . 
 ` and you 're observant . 
 but why are you pointing that out ? ' 
 ` because . . . 
 um , it might not be a good idea - ' ' i thought we could stay inside , play cards , and exchange stories about high school . 
 i have no intention of sleeping with you , patti . ' 
 i hit him ever so lightly on the shoulder . 
 looking up into his eyes , i waited for another playful joke . 
 ` i 'm fine , ' he finally said seriously . 
 ` and thank you . ' 
 he kissed me . 
 we stayed inside that afternoon , and not long after , we finally left wetlake for good . 
 epilogue i 've been wrong about many things in life . 
 but sometimes all you need is to be right once and about the right person . 
 denver scott sure as heck was a complex guy . 
 but my teenage dreams had come true . 
 he was the one for me . 
 for free fiction and details on current and upcoming titles , please visit www.odettecbell.com odette c. bell is an author of over 40 books in genres ranging from sci fi to adventure . 
 her catalogue of works is available from most ebook retailors . 
 if you liked this book , you may also like : the red resort it 's meant to be a holiday , and holidays are meant to be relaxing . 
 yet when mae arrives at the red resort , luxury gives way to murder . 
 when an international criminal mistakes her for another woman , mae is plunged into a terrible adventure . 
 with two men vying for her affections , she must figure out which one is evil before it is too late . 
