 carmen 's roses copyright © 2014 jennifer barraclough published by jennifer barraclough at smashwords all rights reserved . 
 any use of the book without the author 's consent is strictly prohibited . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 devonport is a real place , but the characters and events in the story are imaginary . 
 any resemblance to actual people , alive or dead , is coincidental . 
 isbn : 978-1494424855 -lrb- pbk -rrb- ebook design by maureen cutajar www.gopublished.com with thanks to malcolm for all his help with designing the covers for my ebooks . 
 contents chapter 1 the flight from england chapter 2 bay house chapter 3 north head chapter 4 the third day chapter 5 storm chapter 6 narrow neck chapter 7 interlude chapter 8 myra chapter 9 clouds gathering chapter 10 tom chapter 11 carmen chapter 12 dr emby chapter 13 downhill chapter 14 confrontation chapter 15 diagnosis chapter 16 the preview chapter 17 star of bethlehem chapter 18 plum jam about the author chapter 1 the flight from england `` more chardonnay , madam ? '' 
 since my illness i had been cutting down on alcohol , but the departure from heathrow on this cold and grey november day justified a celebration . 
 it marked the beginning of a new chapter of my life , in which i could forget the traumas of the past and rediscover health and happiness -- or so i hoped . 
 i leaned back as i sipped my wine , and watched the preview of my destination -- blue skies , turquoise sea , mountains , white waterfalls -- on the screen in front . 
 the man beside me , who was drinking only water , remarked `` waterfalls are wondrous things . 
 such a special healing energy . '' 
 he was tall and thin , with greying hair tied back in a neat ponytail , wearing sandals and a purple caftan . 
 i noticed his remarkably long fingers and perfectly manicured nails . 
 the eccentricity suggested by his appearance had been confirmed when he turned to me just after takeoff and said `` in such moments one can imagine the soul leaving the body . '' 
 i could n't place his accent . 
 i classified him as a superior kind of aging hippy . 
 he seemed pleasant enough but , wary of having to make conversation with a stranger for the next 24 hours , i said nothing but just nodded politely . 
 `` is this your first visit to new zealand ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` holiday ? '' 
 `` i 'm visiting an old friend . '' 
 but storm could hardly be called a friend , and as an image of her gangling frame draped in a shapeless handwoven shift suddenly flashed into my mind i felt inexplicably , desperately sad . 
 afraid i was going to cry , i pointedly lowered my gaze towards the magazine on my lap , willing myself to focus on the crossword . 
 so far i had not managed to do any of the clues but the answer to one of them -- `` pharmacist a trace hypo at sea -lrb- 10 -rrb- '' -- was suddenly obvious and i wrote it in : apothecary . 
 `` well done , '' said my companion . 
 `` what about this down clue beginning with p ? '' 
 but inspiration and interest had deserted me . 
 i handed the magazine to him , saying rather ungraciously `` i do n't feel like doing any more at the moment . '' 
 i took a large gulp of wine and studied the dinner menu , which listed such exotic-sounding items as snapper fillets and manuka honey ice-cream . 
 the man asked `` did i offend you in some way ? '' 
 `` no , not at all -- i just do n't feel like talking at present . '' 
 he said `` i 'm sorry if i distressed you by asking personal questions . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 `` but it does . 
 i have clearly violated your personal boundaries and that is not good . '' 
 he continued earnestly `` i believe very strongly that it is wrong to interfere with the life of another in any fashion whatsoever -- would you agree ? '' 
 `` yes , i would . '' 
 i had an unwelcome memory of the way i had once interfered with storm 's life , coupled with an illogical sense that this unusual man was able to tell what i was thinking and feeling , and could discern the fears and doubts which lay behind my happy tourist facade . 
 i was glad when our conversation was interrupted by a flight attendant bringing my companion 's pre-ordered vegan meal . 
 we ate in silence , and after dinner i said `` i 'm going to take a sleeping pill now . 
 perhaps you 'll wake me up for breakfast -- if you do n't mind violating my personal boundaries . '' 
 i half-expected a homily about the evils of taking drugs but none came , and i wished i had not spoken . 
 i swallowed the pill with the rest of the chardonnay , tilted my seat back , tucked my blanket round me and put my eye-mask on . 
 the disturbing memories of storm continued only a few minutes before i fell asleep . 
 i do n't remember too much about the rest of the journey : the uncomfortable transit stop in los angeles airport , boarding the aircraft for the second 12-hour flight , and slightly quizzical looks from the man beside me as i drank more wine , ate another big dinner and then took another sleeping pill . 
 i had an uneasy feeling that he knew my visit to new zealand was not just about escaping the english winter for a long holiday in the sun . 
 later , i was woken by the rattle of the breakfast trolley . 
 i had no idea how much time had passed . 
 aware that some of my hair had escaped from the grips formerly holding it in a tight french pleat , and that the scarf which i now always wore round my neck had slipped loose , i felt a certain loss of dignity and it was partly to avoid the gaze of the man beside me that i bent down to retrieve my shoes and bag , wrapped up in the blanket which had fallen on the floor . 
 as i was fumbling to find them , a flight attendant leaned across to open the shade on the porthole , revealing a brilliant orange sunrise over a blue sea dotted with little green islands like vivid jewels . 
 my companion smiled and said `` a wondrous sight . '' 
 it was indeed lovely , an instant lift to the spirits , and i felt in holiday mood again as i enjoyed a bowl of tropical fruits followed by an omelet and three cups of strong coffee . 
 soon after we had finished eating , the captain announced that we were commencing our descent into auckland . 
 `` is your friend meeting you at the airport ? '' 
 my companion asked . 
 `` yes -- if we recognize each other , that is . '' 
 `` a long time since you last met ? '' 
 `` over twenty years . '' 
 to forestall any inquiry about what had brought us together again now , i added untruthfully `` it was just coincidence that brought us back in touch . '' 
 `` there is no coincidence , '' he said . 
 `` all is synchronicity . '' 
 i had no answer to that , and was glad that further conversation was prevented by a series of announcements in preparation for our arrival in new zealand . 
 the aircraft was circling now , and descending fast . 
 after we had landed , my companion lifted my hand luggage down from the rack , saying `` i wish you well for the reunion with your friend . 
 remember that the essence of a person never changes as the years go by nor , indeed , from one lifetime to the next . '' 
 i thanked him , and mumbled something apologetic about not having been very good company on the flight . 
 `` not at all , it 's been a pleasure to meet you . 
 may i give you my card ? 
 if you need any assistance at all during your holiday you can contact me . '' 
 i glanced at the card -- tom `` o '' . 
 energy balancing , flower essences -- and put it in my handbag . 
 auckland international airport : a bright colorful and friendly place , and i could see through the windows that it was already warm and sunny outside first thing in the morning . 
 fortunately the wait to pass through immigration and customs was not a long one , for i began to feel quite faint and nauseous while standing in the queue . 
 jet lag , i presumed , though someone had once told me that was a polite term for a hangover and i regretted taking so much drink and drugs to mask my anxieties on the flight . 
 i finally emerged into the arrivals hall , scene of happy reunions and drivers carrying placards . 
 i scanned the crowd , trying to identify storm 's pale long narrow face among the sea of other faces : polynesian , asian , and indian as well as european . 
 i could n't see her anywhere , but perhaps it was still too early , and i sat down to wait . 
 and waited for more than an hour , until long after the last passengers from my flight had disembarked , and began to wonder what had gone wrong . 
 having resolved to lead a more simple life , and to reduce my exposure to radiation , i had not brought a laptop or a mobile phone ; a decision i was already regretting as i wondered how to contact storm . 
 another half hour passed and it seemed obvious that she was not going to come . 
 fortunately i remembered at least part of the address she had given me , so i went out of the terminal building into the bright morning sunshine and found a taxi . 
 the driver , whom i guessed was a maori , was helpful and friendly . 
 `` good morning m ' am , where would you like to go today ? '' 
 `` it 's a place called devonport . 
 bay house -- i do n't know the name of the street . '' 
 i felt foolish but he said kindly `` do n't worry , m ' am , we 'll find it . '' 
 i had no idea how long the journey would be or how much it would cost , but felt too spaced-out to care , and sat back to admire the view as we set off down the motorway towards auckland , the `` city of sails '' built on an isthmus with the sea on both sides . 
 as we passed over the harbour bridge , the driver pointed across the sparkling blue water to show me the devonport peninsula bathed in bright sunlight , and i felt confident that i was going to like new zealand and that my adventure would turn out well . 
 chapter 2 bay house bay house was set on the lower slopes of mount victoria -- its maori name , the driver said , was takarunga -- one of the several grassy cones formed from extinct volcanoes which we had passed on the way from the airport . 
 a rather dilapidated wooden villa , painted white and blue , set in a wilderness of a garden filled with cascades of climbing roses , red and pink and white , tangled around the old fruit trees and overhanging the slimy green water of a neglected pond . 
 a heady scent of jasmine filled the air . 
 the woman who answered the door appeared to be in her sixties . 
 she had a weather-beaten face , short white hair and piercing cornflower-blue eyes , and wore a neat tracksuit . 
 she said `` hello '' in a brisk voice which , to my relief , sounded unmistakably english . 
 i said `` i 've come to visit storm . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` are you a friend of hers ? '' 
 `` an old friend from england . 
 i 've just come from the airport . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said again . 
 `` well , i do n't think storm 's here at present . '' 
 it was my turn to say `` oh '' as i suddenly felt overcome with exhaustion and self-pity . 
 with my body clock still on uk time , all i wanted on this hot sunny morning was to lie down and go to sleep . 
 but i was alone in a strange country with nowhere to go , a heavy suitcase to carry , and most of my new zealand dollars already spent on the taxi fare . 
 the woman said `` you 'd better come in . 
 i 'm georgina , by the way , storm 's landlady . '' 
 i followed georgina inside the villa . 
 she invited me to sit down on a faded sofa in a large room with bare wooden floors and a view of the sea . 
 `` would you like a cup of tea ? '' 
 `` yes , thank you , '' i replied , although i would have preferred gin . 
 while georgina was out in the kitchen i found myself drifting in and out of consciousness , only to be brought round by the sound of her bracing announcement `` english breakfast . 
 i 've made it sweet and strong -- i must say you look all in . '' 
 i cupped my hands around the mug of hot brown brew which , ridiculously , brought back childhood memories of campfire with the girl guides and seemed much more comforting than the green tea i had been drinking since my illness . 
 georgina continued `` were you expecting to stay with storm tonight ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she was going to meet me at the airport but she did n't come . '' 
 `` that 's rather odd , '' said georgina . 
 she added , obviously trying to be helpful , `` sometimes people coming from overseas give the wrong arrival date . 
 they do n't realize we 're a day ahead over here . '' 
 `` maybe that 's what happened , '' i agreed , though i did not think i had made that mistake . 
 `` but you said you do n't think she 's here at present ? '' 
 `` well , her flat is separate from the house and i do n't always know when she comes in and out . 
 but i assume she must be away because i tried taking something round for her both yesterday and this morning and she did n't answer the door . 
 added to which her cat 's been hanging round under my feet asking for food . 
 i was rather surprised she had n't arranged for someone to feed it . '' 
 that surprised me too , because i remembered that one of storm 's more positive points was a love of cats . 
 `` do you think she 's alright ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i 've no idea , '' replied georgina . 
 `` i 'm not responsible for my tenants -- i do n't monitor their movements . '' 
 she continued in a more friendly tone `` i presume you know her quite well ? '' 
 `` quite . 
 we used to sing in a choir together . 
 but we lost touch -- i have n't seen her for over twenty years . '' 
 `` so how did you find her again ? '' 
 `` through the internet . 
 we emailed a few times . 
 and i 've taken a year off work -- because i have n't been well -- and i thought a complete change of scene might do me good so why not come to new zealand for a month or so . '' 
 all this was true , though not the whole story . 
 georgina appeared to listen sympathetically , and said `` well , i hope you benefit from the change of scene . 
 and auckland has a very healthy climate in my opinion . 
 but i do n't know what we can do about finding storm . 
 people 's appearance can change a good deal over twenty years -- do you think she was at the airport and you did n't recognize each other ? '' 
 `` i suppose it 's possible , '' i said . 
 somehow i did n't think this was the correct explanation either . 
 i had finished my tea and felt i probably should be going , though i did not know where to . 
 i could not help yawning . 
 `` well , what are we going to do with you ? '' 
 asked georgina in a challenging tone . 
 `` do you want to leave your luggage here till later in the day and see if storm has turned up by then ? '' 
 `` thank you , that would be helpful . 
 but just in case she does n't come back , perhaps i 'd better go and look for somewhere else to stay . '' 
 `` there are various guest houses in the village but they are quite expensive . 
 anyway , they 're probably full this time of year . 
 look ... '' georgina seemed to come to a decision `` i suppose i could let you into storm 's flat and you could wait in there till she comes back . 
 would n't that be the best thing ? '' 
 i hesitated , wondering if it was right to accept this tempting offer and how storm would react to finding me in her home when she returned . 
 `` well , that 's very kind ... '' georgina said `` would you like to see it , then you can decide what you want to do . '' 
 she added `` i 'm sure i can trust you , but before we go round perhaps you 'd better give me your name and your address back in england . 
 you can write them in here . '' 
 she handed me a notebook from the desk beside her chair . 
 `` of course . 
 my first name is iris . '' 
 i wrote down the other details , but she put the book back without looking at them , and then got up and took a bunch of keys from the desk drawer . 
 `` are you ready ? 
 bring your case . '' 
 outside , the heat of the sun had become very strong and i longed to take off the thick dark-colored clothing i had been wearing since leaving heathrow . 
 georgina led the way round the side of the house , to a part of the garden which was even more wild than the front and sloped down at a very steep angle . 
 the `` flat '' was a small wooden cabin . 
 georgina knocked on the door but there was no reply . 
 she handed me the key , saying `` you can unlock it , '' and i made to do so , but found it already open . 
 the door led directly into a modestly furnished living area , with a kitchenette in one corner , and french doors which led out onto a narrow deck just big enough for a table and two chairs . 
 the place looked shabby and not very clean . 
 i noticed the sofa had been made up as a bed , and wondered if it was meant for me . 
 i longed to lie down on it . 
 georgina said `` the bathroom 's through that door on the right . 
 and the door on the left is to storm 's bedroom . '' 
 after a brief hesitation she went up to the left-hand door and knocked loudly , but there was no response and she said `` well , perhaps you 'd better not go in there , but i do n't see why you should n't make yourself at home in this room while you 're waiting . '' 
 i thanked her and said i would like to stay and have a rest . 
 `` i strongly advise you not to lie down at this hour , '' said georgina . 
 `` if you do you 'll sleep all day and be awake all night . 
 that 's what happens with jet lag . 
 you 'd do better to wash and change and then go out for a walk . '' 
 she spoke with such authority , like an old-fashioned schoolmistress or nursing sister , that when she had left i felt obliged to obey her instructions . 
 after taking a shower and changing into a light summer dress , i certainly did feel much better . 
 back in holiday mood again , i set out to explore the village of devonport , wandering along streets of wooden villas painted in pastel colors with exotic flowers in their gardens ; around the grassy hillside of mount victoria , with views of sparkling blue sea all around ; up and down the shopping street with its gift shops and cafes , discovering the difference between a latte and flat white . 
 a magical place . 
 it was late afternoon when i returned to storm 's flat , which was still empty . 
 a young cat with orange-and-white fur , presumably the one georgina had mentioned , was miaowing outside the door . 
 she let me pick her up and responded with a loud throbbing purr . 
 i fed her with the half tin of jellymeat i found in the fridge and then , exhausted by sunshine and jet lag , lay down on the couch and immediately fell asleep . 
 a few hours later i was wide awake , disoriented in time and place until i realized i was still alone in storm 's flat , and it was around midnight new zealand time though in england it would be the middle of the day . 
 i lay there and thought about storm , and in the end with a thumping heart i got up to open her bedroom door and peer inside , but as far as could be seen in the semidarkness there was nobody there . 
 with a mosquito buzzing round the room and bright moonlight shining through the thin curtain , there seemed no prospect of going back to sleep again and eventually i took another of my pills . 
 i dozed fitfully until dawn , when a raucous din of birdsong woke me from a vivid dream about mark ; lying with him in a grassy hollow on the downs on a summer evening , back in england , back in time . 
 it was years since i had had that dream and for a while i felt too disturbed to go back to sleep , but must have done so because the next thing i knew was the sun streaming in , and it was late morning on another beautiful day . 
 i longed for strong black coffee , but the various beverages in storm 's kitchen cupboard were all caffeine-free . 
 i remembered that she had been something of a health food fanatic . 
 after getting dressed i made myself a mug of elderflower tea and a bowl of muesli , and carried them outside . 
 the narrow wooden deck looked down over the steep slope of the garden , a jungle of roses , ivy , passionfruit , jasmine , bougainvillea and other tropical plants not known to me , a tree laden with lemons and near the bottom another tree , huge and gnarled , which i thought was a plum . 
 how pleasant it would be , on this the first full day of my holiday , just to sit there and read a book for a while before taking a walk in the other direction from yesterday , to explore the cheltenham side of the devonport peninsula , the side which looked out to sea . 
 but i could hardly just relax into tourist mode without taking some practical action to regularize my accommodation situation , and to solve the mystery of storm 's continued absence . 
 i found georgina in front of the main house , hanging out some washing on the line , with the orange-and-white kitten jumping in and out of the wicker clothes basket at her feet . 
 `` i see you 're good with cats , '' stated georgina , as i bent down to stroke the little creature . 
 `` i prefer dogs myself . 
 this place is overrun with feral felines -- at least they control the rat population . 
 your friend storm used to feed them . 
 she called that one perpetua . '' 
 `` what an unusual name . '' 
 `` she called it after one of those roses at the back -- felicite et perpetue . 
 named after a pair of christian martyrs -- perpetue was pregnant when she died . 
 talking of which that animal needs to be desexed as soon as possible . 
 luckily my son -- cosmo -- is a vet and a very good one too . 
 well , did you get some sleep ? 
 what are your plans for today ? '' 
 `` the most important thing is to find out what 's happened to storm . 
 there 's still no sign of her and i 'm worried ... maybe she had an accident on the way to the airport ? '' 
 `` oh , i very much doubt it , '' said georgina . 
 `` anyway i expect we 'd have heard if anything like that had happened . 
 she 'd have gone out on the airport bus -- she does n't have a car -- it 's perfectly safe . '' 
 `` i wondered if we should check with the hospitals . 
 or the police . '' 
 `` i would n't rush it , '' replied georgina . 
 `` storm is an independent adult . 
 she might not welcome that sort of interference in her life . '' 
 this was a rather casual attitude , i thought , but then again recalled that i had interfered with storm 's life once before and always regretted it . 
 `` i expect she 's just decided to go off somewhere for a day or two , '' continued georgina , and for the first time it occurred to me that it would be quite understandable if storm had changed her mind about having me to stay and decided that she did not want to see me again after all . 
 my reflections were interrupted by the sound of barking . 
 the kitten , perpetua , arched her back and hissed savagely . 
 the dog of unfamiliar breed which had been rushing up the path towards us , followed by a ginger-haired boy of perhaps ten or twelve years old , stopped suddenly in his tracks . 
 georgina looked pleased . 
 `` hello spot and francis ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` are we all ready for a walk up north head ? '' 
 chapter 3 north head north head , the smaller of devonport 's two volcanic hills , was about ten minutes ' walk away from bay house . 
 `` it 's fifty thousand years old , '' the boy told me . 
 `` it was made by a volcanic explosion . 
 there was a maori pa up here and then there was a bloodthirsty massacre . '' 
 georgina had introduced him as francis , her grandson , the son of cosmo the vet . 
 he seemed to have taken a fancy to me , although i did not consider myself `` good with children '' , never having had a child of my own ; and it was too late for that now , as for so much else in life . 
 the four of us -- georgina , francis , the dog spot , and myself -- were climbing to the top of north head . 
 `` the army and the navy used to be up here , because they had guns to shoot the russians , '' francis told me , `` and the summit was top secret , you were n't allowed up this far before , but now it 's doc . '' 
 `` department of conservation , '' georgina explained . 
 i thought north head seemed like a barren place until , after we had walked further up the road onto a grassy hilltop , i was impressed by a splendid panorama ; on one side a calm blue-green sea and the outlines of distant islands , to the other side auckland city and the harbour bridge which i had driven over the day before . 
 francis , unimpressed by the view , was throwing a ball for spot . 
 `` my dog 's a recarnation , '' he announced in my direction . 
 georgina frowned . 
 `` the word is reincarnation , though that whole idea is rubbish , and heresy . '' 
 `` storm said he was one , '' insisted francis , and turned to me again . 
 `` she 's dead now . 
 she was bats -- like you . '' 
 `` be quiet , francis , '' ordered georgina . 
 `` take iris for a walk along the bottom path and i 'll meet you round by the big gun . '' 
 `` alright ! '' 
 said francis . 
 `` come and see the tunnels ! '' 
 he led the way along the grassy path , dotted with daisies , which skirted the seaward side of the hill . 
 it was flanked by a profusion of wild vegetation -- privet , fennel , nasturtiums , honeysuckle and red vetch . 
 to our left , at the bottom of the steep cliff , was a little bay of golden sand encircled by black volcanic rocks , and a calm and sparkling turquoise sea . 
 i stopped for a few moments to bask in the sun and admire the beauty of the place , then realized the path ahead had suddenly come to an end . 
 the boy and his dog had vanished . 
 `` come on iris ! '' 
 came a muffled shout . 
 they had turned right , into a concrete cave , a dark musty-smelling tunnel boring through the hillside . 
 `` come on , it 's only short ! '' 
 cried francis and i followed him . 
 it was cool and damp out of the sun . 
 there were tracks like little railway lines underfoot , and in the dim light i could see the blocked-off entrances of other tunnels to the side . 
 francis said `` there are millions of tunnels in this hill . 
 the convicts built them , and there was a man here one day told me there 's a plane buried inside . 
 they buried it in the war . '' 
 the tunnel had a sinister feel and i was glad to see a shaft of light ahead . 
 we climbed an incline and emerged into the fresh air , higher up the hill , where the splendid view could be seen once more and georgina was waiting on a wooden seat near a huge gun emplacement . 
 francis resumed throwing the ball for spot , who was a medium-sized dog of a kind i had never seen in england , with a blue tinge to his coat . 
 `` what sort of dog is spot ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` a blue heeler of course . 
 that 's an australian shepherd dog . 
 they can be either red or blue . '' 
 `` blue healers ? '' 
 i asked , misunderstanding . 
 `` can they make sick people better ? '' 
 `` no , they just nip their heels . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , why is he called spot ? '' 
 this had been puzzling me all along because there were no spots on the dog 's smooth coat . 
 `` because spot 's a cool name for a dog . '' 
 as we started walking back around the hill , spot started barking and francis said `` he wants his ball thrown again . 
 he wants you do it this time . '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 i cautiously threw it for a little way . 
 the dog jumped up immediately and before it could bounce he caught it in his mouth . 
 `` that was pathetic , '' said francis . 
 `` throw it again . '' 
 i did so , but this time it went much further than intended and vanished down the steep hillside towards the sea , with spot hurtling after it and francis about to follow . 
 my cry of horror , and the boy 's shouted curse , almost drowned out georgina 's loud command `` stay here , francis ! '' 
 as she grabbed his hand and pulled him back onto the path . 
 my heart was racing and i felt too mortified to look directly at the others as i muttered apologies and promised to buy a new ball , although my real fear was not about the ball being lost but about the dog being injured , trapped in the undergrowth , or even killed by falling onto the hard rocks below . 
 suddenly i was aware of a dark energy in this beautiful but alien place with its history of volcanic eruption and warfare . 
 it seemed an eternity , but was really a very short time , before spot bounded back with the ball in his mouth and dropped it at my feet . 
 francis said `` throw it the other way this time . '' 
 `` no , francis , '' said georgina . 
 `` put the ball away , it 's time to go home for tea . '' 
 `` is it afghans ? '' 
 asked the boy . 
 this made no more sense to me than his earlier references to doc , russians and a maori pa . 
 i thought i would google these topics when i got back and then remembered that , after years of spending most of my days online , i no longer had access to a computer . 
 `` no , it 's muffins today , '' said georgina . 
 they were behaving as if nothing had happened but i still felt shaky , and embarrassed , as we walked along the path . 
 spot walked at my side . 
 `` my dog likes you , '' said francis . 
 `` are you getting a dog of your own ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to , '' i said , `` but do n't know how long i 'm staying here . 
 and i 'm already looking after a little cat . '' 
 `` i 've got a dog and a cat . 
 you can have both at once you know . 
 i could help get a dog for you -- if you tell me what breed , sex and color you want ? '' 
 `` that would be lovely , but ... '' georgina intervened `` that will have to wait , francis , till iris is properly settled in . '' 
 did she expect me to be staying here ? 
 i felt rather pleased at the thought , although i knew that i was only in new zealand temporarily and that it would be out of the question to get a dog . 
 the boy said next `` you 're not really bats . '' 
 `` why did you think i was bats before then ? '' 
 `` because you 're a friend of storm . 
 she was a witch . '' 
 this further mention of storm cast a shadow over the pleasant afternoon . 
 however , not knowing what i could do about finding her and deciding to put the problem aside for now , i was glad when georgina intervened to say `` francis , stop talking rubbish , and put that dog back on his lead . 
 it 's time to go home for tea . '' 
 chapter 4 the third day next morning i woke up with the sun streaming through the window and realized that for the first time in months i was feeling pretty well . 
 the previous day , after returning to bay house for afternoon tea with georgina 's blueberry muffins , i had gone into the village just in time to use one of the computer terminals in the library before it closed . 
 there was no message from storm . 
 i had gone on to the supermarket to buy some food and wine for a simple supper , which i ate in the warm spring twilight on storm 's deck , while perpetua picked her way along the wooden balustrade with dainty steps , poised like a tightrope walker above the steep bank with its profusion of rambling roses . 
 i still had no idea what to do about finding storm , but georgina had said that she was happy for me stay on in the flat for a while . 
 having refused my offer of paying rent , she agreed to accept some help in the garden , so after breakfast i started to tackle the overgrown herb patch in front of the main house , clearing away the grass and weeds to reveal fragrant clumps of sage , rosemary and thyme . 
 by the time georgina invited me inside for a cup of coffee i had pulled up a large mound of vegetation and felt extremely hot . 
 she said `` thank you for that . 
 this garden 's too much for me to manage on my own , since my husband died and my eyesight has been going downhill . 
 cosmo and francis both help when they can but they have busy lives and i do n't want to be a burden . '' 
 it seemed i was gradually becoming accepted into this slightly eccentric family . 
 i was curious to know more about them , but it would perhaps be intrusive to ask such questions as what was wrong with georgina 's eyes and whether francis 's mother , who had not yet been mentioned , was still on the scene . 
 i only said that it was a pleasure to help , and that perhaps next time i could do some work in the side garden beside the flat . 
 `` do n't do any more today or you 'll get sunburned , '' said georgina . 
 `` besides , working down that side can be dangerous , because it 's so steep . 
 i 've rather given up on pruning the roses in recent years and just let them grow wild , as you can see . '' 
 `` they do look lovely , though , '' i said . 
 georgina said `` yes , they are splendid when they 're in flower . 
 they 're old english roses , you know . 
 we planted them when we were first married and came out to live here , to remind us of home . '' 
 she paused for a moment before continuing rather tentatively `` storm always seemed quite interested in plants , especially from a medicinal aspect , and she did some drawings of some of the ones in the garden . 
 you may have come across them in the flat . '' 
 i had n't , but decided to have a look when i went back . 
 georgina asked `` do you do any drawing or painting yourself at all ? '' 
 `` no , i always wanted to , but i was told at school that i 'd be hopeless . '' 
 a mental picture of miss peacock the art mistress , mocking one of my pictures in front of the whole class , flashed into my mind . 
 i had loved drawing and painting until then , but after that incident i had never had the heart to do any more of it . 
 another old memory i had n't thought about for years . 
 another opportunity lost . 
 `` nonsense , '' said georgina in a robust tone . 
 `` i believe everyone should do what they want to -- within reason -- whatever other people think . 
 and do n't interfere with what they want to do , either . 
 live and let live , i 've always believed . '' 
 i thanked georgina for the coffee , and agreed that the sun was too strong for more gardening at present and i would wait till next day before doing any more . 
 i was reluctant to pry into storm 's things , but was interested in what georgina had told me about her botanical art , and when i got back to the flat i looked around the living area . 
 underneath a stack of self-help and vegetarian cookery books i found the folder of watercolor paintings of old english roses . 
 albertine , heavily laden with copper-pink flowers , the same rose i had noticed rambling over the gnarled old fruit tree in the garden . 
 celeste , a brighter more silvery pink . 
 rosa gallica officinalis , plain bright crimson flowers with an intense scent ; i had seen that somewhere in the garden too . 
 rosa mundi , with striped red and white flowers like a raspberry-ripple ice-cream . 
 i had not known storm was a talented artist as well as a skilled musician . 
 in the same pile there was a notebook , and after a brief hesitation i looked inside that as well . 
 it contained handwritten descriptions of some plants and their medicinal uses , and i read a few at random . 
 vervain -lrb- verbena officianalis -rrb- : nervine , cholagogue , emmenagogue , antibacterial . 
 elderberry -lrb- sambucus nigra -rrb- : diaphoretic , anticatarrhal , eye remedy , laxative , antirheumatic . 
 i did not understand most of the technical terms and was about to close the book when i noticed a longer paragraph : `` rosa gallica -lrb- apothecary 's rose -rrb- : ancient remedy revives the skin , calms the soul . 
 for pains in the head , eyes , throat , gums , stomach -lrb- culpeper -rrb- . 
 dark red petals . 
 pick at right phase of moon , steep in rainwater , add brandy , wine or vinegar to preserve . 
 symbol of love and beauty of special value for tension and depression in women after breakdown of relationship . '' 
 i was thinking wryly that perhaps i should take some myself when a knock at the door interrupted my reading , and i quickly put storm 's little herbal back where i had found it . 
 the visitor was georgina and she seemed a little flustered and out of breath . 
 she was carrying a ceramic jar decorated with a curved pattern of yellow and blue on a white background . 
 she said `` i forgot to give this to you this morning . '' 
 i commented `` what a lovely jar . '' 
 `` is n't it fine ? '' 
 georgina agreed . 
 `` i 've been anxious to return it in case francis brings spot inside the house and he knocks it over . 
 but then i almost dropped it myself just now . 
 here -- put it somewhere safe -- up there . '' 
 georgina handed me the jar and i carefully placed it up on a shelf while she sat down , still looking rather troubled . 
 `` does it belong to storm ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes , she used it to make some kind of medicinal concoction . 
 rosewater i think it was -- they used to say that was good for the complexion when i was young . 
 anyway i do n't know where this jar came from but she was specially fond of it , that was obvious , and i presume it 's quite valuable too , a museum piece . 
 then a few days ago -- it might have been the day before you arrived -- i was carrying a bag of compost down to the plum tree and i stepped on the jar by mistake . 
 it was lying under the bushes . 
 the spout was cracked slightly and i was afraid it was my fault , though i suppose it might have been cracked already . 
 storm was n't in , and i knew she 'd be upset so i decided to take it home and have a go at mending it myself . 
 my husband used to do some pottery , you see , and i 've kept his studio just as he left it but then i thought -- well , it 's been a year since he died , it 's time i pulled myself together and started making some good use of the place . '' 
 this explained why georgina seemed upset , but i did not think she would take kindly to deeper discussion of her feelings and so i tried to soothe her distress by saying `` well , you 've mended it so nicely , i can hardly even see where the crack was . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 i did find some old paint the right colors -- i was quite good at handicrafts myself when i was younger but of course i do n't see so well now and i do n't actually think it 's a perfect repair . 
 i probably did the wrong thing , it should have been taken to a professional , but that costs so much nowadays and i know storm was short of money . '' 
 `` it looks fine to me , '' i said again , though not quite truthfully , for looking at the piece more closely i could see that the join was slightly uneven , so that there was a break in the pattern . 
 if it had been valuable before , i doubted it would be now . 
 i asked `` but why do you think it was lying out in the garden in the first place ? '' 
 `` that is odd , is n't it . 
 maybe storm took it down to pick flowers for those alternative medicine recipes of hers . 
 though why she would leave it there ? 
 unless she was called away suddenly . '' 
 i said impulsively `` and never came back . '' 
 georgina said `` yes , it really is very strange that she 's still not here . '' 
 i suggested `` should we perhaps have a look in her bedroom ? 
 just in case . '' 
 `` probably a good idea at this stage . '' 
 we went in together . 
 i had a vague apprehension that we might find something sinister , but was quite unprepared for what lay on the bed -- two party dresses , one with a low-cut bodice and a frilly short skirt in a shiny red and black fabric , the other long and slinky in a leopardskin print . 
 they looked to me cheap and tarty , and the thought of storm as i remembered her choosing to wear such garments was quite grotesque . 
 georgina , perhaps thinking the same , raised her eyebrows slightly but neither of us made any comment . 
 the book lying on the bedside table was entitled a wiccan journal and , after some discussion about the ethics of reading other people 's diaries , we agreed to look at november 's entries for any clues about where storm might have gone . 
 the only recorded item was the date and time of my arrival in auckland , soon after the festival of samhain `` when the veil between the living and the dead is lifted '' . 
 the room appeared otherwise unremarkable and by mutual consent we did not look inside the wardrobe or drawers . 
 `` well , that 's that , '' said georgina . 
 `` i think perhaps we 'll wait one more night and if there 's no news of her by tomorrow morning we should call the police as you suggest . '' 
 i agreed . 
 but as it turned out we did not have to wait that long . 
 in the early evening , francis came round to the flat . 
 `` hey , iris , do you want to walk on the beach with spot ? '' 
 it was low tide at cheltenham , the beach which stretched northwards from the foot of north head . 
 barefoot , we walked far out along the warm sands towards the island of rangitoto , another of the old volcanoes which were dotted around the auckland region , its green peaks outlined against the twilight sky . 
 the dog ran to and fro , splashing through the shallow pools of water to catch the ball when i threw it for him , and sometimes going off at a tangent to chase after seabirds . 
 it felt like an enchanted evening , but the mood changed when we got back home . 
 spot had apparently formed an attachment to me , and he followed me round to the flat . 
 perpetua the kitten , who had been lying on the deck in the warm evening sunlight , leaped up suddenly when the dog approached . 
 she raced off down the garden and up the plum tree . 
 `` here , spot ! '' 
 called francis , but the dog did not obey . 
 he was sniffing and pawing in the undergrowth , waving his tail frantically , and then began to bark . 
 afterwards i wished i could have stopped francis from running down the garden to get his dog , and so being the first one to discover the body . 
 it seemed wrong for such a young boy to have such an experience . 
 although , i had to admit , he coped far more calmly than i did . 
 after he called out `` hey , i told you storm was dead ! '' 
 i hurried down to where they were , near the old plum tree at the bottom of the garden , stumbling on the overgrown steps and scratching my ankles on the brambles . 
 i stopped short when i saw a pair of legs sticking out at an odd angle from under the rose bush , the rosa gallica . 
 i found myself shaking with shock and only just managed to tell francis not to touch anything , and to put the dog on his lead , before i was sick on the ground . 
 francis was talking excitedly about how a dog could smell a corpse from a long distance away as we hurried back up to the main house to call for help . 
 chapter 5 storm by the time the ambulance crew and the police had finished their work , storm 's body had been taken away , and francis and spot sent to bed in georgina 's spare room , it was very late . 
 i felt weak and shaky , probably needing to eat something but nauseated by the thought of food . 
 although exhausted , i shrank from the prospect of trying to sleep alone in storm 's flat with the image of her twisted legs vivid in my mind . 
 yet on another level the events of the evening seemed like a dream and i could not really believe that storm was dead . 
 i was glad when georgina announced that what we both needed was a large glass of brandy . 
 though the events of the evening had dissolved some of the reserve between us , and both of us seemed to feel a need to talk , i was taken aback by georgina 's first words : `` i think suicide is a terrible sin . 
 selfish , cruel , even if she did n't have any family to consider . '' 
 `` why do you think it was suicide ? '' 
 `` i ca n't be sure , of course . 
 and of course i hope it was n't . 
 but i think she 'd been unhappy lately -- and possibly in financial difficulties since leaving her job -- she happened to mention that she had sold her computer which surprised me a great deal because she used to spend so much time on it . 
 well , more likely she died from an accident or natural causes . 
 she had n't looked well lately . 
 maybe she fell from the deck and rolled down the garden -- i thought she seemed a bit unsteady on her feet . '' 
 `` do you have any idea what was wrong ? '' 
 georgina again surprised me with her reply . 
 `` love-sick , i would say . 
 at her age -- which would be what , mid-forties , you 'd probably know -- it 's difficult to believe . 
 but perhaps , with being so gawky and not having terribly good skin , men had n't found her very attractive ... i 'm only guessing . 
 but she seemed different lately , dressed in a more feminine way , often had a dreamy look rather like a young girl in the middle of her first romance . 
 a married man i suppose , that 's the usual story , and i 've got a fairly good idea who it was . 
 anyway , you probably know more about storm 's affairs than i do . '' 
 `` no , not at all . 
 i had n't seen her for such a long time . '' 
 georgina looked at me directly . 
 `` so why exactly did you come out from england to see her after all these years ? '' 
 i told her a little more of the story . 
 `` well , a few months ago i was quite ill , and after my treatment finished i decided not to go back to work for a while . 
 somehow that whole experience made me want to reassess my life , put right some mistakes from the past and perhaps do things differently in future -- does that make sense to you ? '' 
 `` yes indeed , '' said georgina . 
 `` i can understand that perfectly well . '' 
 `` anyway i wanted a break , a change of scene , and then one day i happened to think about storm . 
 just for interest i looked on the internet and came across a woman with her name living in auckland . 
 i 'd always thought i 'd like to visit new zealand . 
 so i sent her an email , though i was n't sure if it was the right person or if she 'd want to see me again . '' 
 `` you mean ... because of a mistake from the past ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that was about a married man , too . '' 
 as soon as i had spoken i regretted it , thinking that georgina would probably disapprove , but she said only `` well , forgiveness is very important , i think . '' 
 the conversation was getting too deep for comfort , but i was saved from having to continue by the sound of heavy footsteps in the hall , and georgina 's exclamation `` here 's cosmo ! '' 
 it took me a moment to realize that she was talking about her son cosmo the vet , the father of francis . 
 he hurried in saying `` only just got your message , we had a labrador in with bowel obstruction . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 georgina said `` storm -- the lodger -- is dead . 
 her body was lying in the garden . 
 it was francis who found her , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` hell , '' said cosmo . 
 he gave his mother an awkward pat on the shoulder . 
 georgina said `` yes , it 's certainly been a shock for us all . 
 francis seems alright at the moment but i 've sent him to bed and let him take spot with him . 
 we 're having a drink , i expect you could do with one too . 
 oh , i 'd better introduce you -- this is iris , who 's staying in storm 's flat . 
 iris , this is my son cosmo . '' 
 `` hello iris , '' said cosmo , shaking my hand . 
 he was a tall well-built man , with a weather-beaten face and bright blue eyes like his mother 's , and a floppy thatch of dark brown hair . 
 a man of few words , spoken in a strong kiwi accent , and though his manner was rather brusque he struck me as kindly . 
 as he poured himself a drink , and then topped up my own glass , i asked perhaps inappropriately `` will the labrador be alright ? '' 
 `` probably . 
 he 'd eaten a pinecone . '' 
 `` labradors will eat anything , '' said georgina . 
 cosmo stretched himself out on the sofa , took a large swig of brandy , and asked `` so what happened to poor old storm ? '' 
 `` we 've really no idea , '' said georgina . 
 `` she 'd been missing for several days and it was actually spot who found her , so unfortunately francis got involved , though he seems remarkably unaffected by it and i think he 's gone to sleep now . 
 the police were here for ages but there was n't a great deal we could tell them . '' 
 `` had she been sick lately ? 
 or depressed ? '' 
 asked cosmo . 
 `` as i was telling iris , i 'd noticed she seemed rather miserable and also a bit unsteady , but i was n't aware of anything serious . 
 though i know she 'd stopped going to work lately -- i suspect she 'd lost her job . '' 
 `` no great loss , if it was the job at emby 's surgery , '' said cosmo , and i thought i saw meaningful glances exchanged between mother and son . 
 `` what about her family ? '' 
 georgina said `` well , she never mentioned any relatives as far as i remember , though i suppose there may be some in england . 
 i should have asked for her next-of-kin when i took her on i suppose . 
 it 's really extraordinary how little i knew about her . '' 
 `` how long had she been living in the flat ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` about nine months or so , '' said georgina . 
 `` we never had tenants there before . 
 we kept it for friends and relatives who came to stay . 
 but since i 've been alone here , after my husband died , it made sense to make use of the space and bring in a little extra money . 
 storm had put a card in one of the shop windows in the village -- very nicely handwritten -- ` quiet professional nonsmoking single woman recently arrived from uk seeking accommodation , willing to help with gardening or housework in exchange for low rent ' -- something like that . 
 i did n't want any help with housework , but i did ask her to do a bit of gardening . 
 in fact she did n't do much , but she did pay the rent on time and never caused any trouble until now . '' 
 she added `` adults should be responsible for themselves and i did n't consider it my business to look after her welfare . 
 perhaps i was wrong ... maybe i could have helped ... still , it 's easy to be wise after the event . '' 
 `` too right , '' said cosmo . 
 `` besides , judging from what little i saw of storm , if she thought you were meddling in her private life she 'd have bitten your head off . '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` sorry , iris , she was a friend of yours . '' 
 `` well , not a close friend exactly . '' 
 `` no , she did n't seem the type who 'd have close friends . '' 
 `` one should n't speak ill of the dead , '' georgina reproved him . 
 `` i 'm still wondering when it happened . 
 i 've been trying to think when i last saw her -- the police asked me that , of course -- and i could n't be sure . 
 but i remembered , after they 'd gone , that the day before iris came here i found storm 's pottery jar lying in the garden . 
 maybe she 'd dropped it when she fell . 
 in which case i could have walked past her body without knowing it . 
 oh dear . 
 let 's hope whatever happened was quick and she did n't suffer too much . '' 
 cosmo said `` well , maybe we 'll find out . 
 it 'll be a coroner 's case -- there 'll have to be a post-mortem and maybe an inquest -- but considering we 're not family they may not tell us much . '' 
 georgina told me `` there are rather strict privacy rules in new zealand . 
 especially about suicides . '' 
 suddenly francis came into the room and said `` have they caught the murderer yet ? '' 
 there was a brief shocked silence before georgina told him `` do n't be ridiculous , '' and cosmo stood up , drained his glass and said `` come on francis , put that dog on his lead , it 's time to go home . '' 
 they left . 
 it was time for me to go home too , if i could call the flat home . 
 i felt reluctant to return there . 
 i asked georgina `` do you think francis could know something ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i remember when we were up on north head -- he was talking about reincarnation and then he said that storm was dead . 
 i thought it was just fantasy at the time , but ... '' georgina 's voice reverted to its usual brisk tone as she replied `` yes , i certainly think it 's best to treat it that way . 
 francis is an unusual child in some ways and his mother used to claim he had a sixth sense , but neither cosmo nor i want to encourage that kind of thing . 
 hopefully he 'll grow out of it and till then it 's best ignored . '' 
 there was a brief silence and she added `` and you must n't mind if cosmo is rather abrupt . 
 he gets on better with animals than people . '' 
 another silence , then she said firmly `` now we should both be getting to bed . 
 i presume you 'll be alright over there by yourself ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'll be alright , '' i said , though i felt apprehensive at the prospect of returning to storm 's flat , and had half-hoped georgina would invite me to stay in bay house overnight . 
 i was glad to find that there was a full moon and a bright scattering of stars to light my path through the garden . 
 the contents of the flat appeared undisturbed , but i supposed the police would have searched it , and the atmosphere felt different from before . 
 sleep seemed out of the question . 
 i opened the door to the deck and stood for a while looking down at the moonlit garden where storm had died , feeling heavy with sadness and loss and regret that it was now too late to put things right between us . 
 it was a warm muggy night , mosquitoes were circling around me , and eventually i went back inside to my makeshift bed on the couch . 
 i took one of my few remaining sleeping pills , and dozed for a while until i was woken early next morning by the sound of falling rain ; much heavier than english rain , almost like a monsoon . 
 the temperature had dropped sharply . 
 the rain continued for most of the day and i stayed in bed , comforted by perpetua curled up beside me . 
 it was not until late afternoon that a patch of blue appeared in the dark grey sky , and when i walked out onto the deck i saw a magnificent rainbow . 
 chapter 6 narrow neck over the next few days i was continually haunted by thoughts of storm , wondering how and why she had died and whether i would ever know . 
 then georgina passed on to me the information she had received from the authorities . 
 storm 's death had been classed as accidental . 
 the autopsy had found a broken neck and high blood alcohol . 
 presumably she had fallen down the steep bank , perhaps after dropping the ceramic jar and attempting to retrieve it . 
 her brother in england , named on her passport as her nearest relative , had apparently not been in regular contact with her and did not wish to fly out to new zealand , and apart from her personal papers he did not want her few possessions shipped back . 
 the brief service held in a little funeral chapel , led by a woman described as a `` certified celebrant '' , was attended only by georgina , cosmo and myself . 
 how sad and how strange it seemed that storm had apparently made no friends during the nine months she had lived in devonport . 
 none of the three of us displayed any outward signs of grief ; georgina bore an expression of dutiful stoicism , cosmo was obviously bored and impatient to get away , and i felt strangely numb as if it was all unreal . 
 we sang the lord is my shepherd though georgina did not think storm had been a churchgoer , and i privately believed that if she had practiced any religion at all it would have been paganism or wicca . 
 why had she come to new zealand , i wondered , and how had she spent her time ? 
 probably i would never know but afterwards , over the weak tea and thin sandwiches which none of us really wanted , i asked georgina a few more questions . 
 `` i wonder why nobody came from the place where she worked -- did you say it was a doctor 's surgery ? '' 
 `` i expect they 're too busy , '' said georgina . 
 `` anyway , she 'd left . 
 under rather a cloud i suspect . '' 
 i waited but no more details were forthcoming . 
 `` what sort of work did she do there ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` cleaning , i think . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , surprised , then hastened to add `` i do n't mean there 's anything wrong with being a cleaner -- but i thought storm would be doing something more academic than that . '' 
 `` not too many academic jobs in devonport , '' said cosmo . 
 `` i do n't see she 'd have had much of a future here . '' 
 georgina said `` well , it 's very sad that she died so young , but at least she 'll be spared all the burdens of old age . '' 
 `` do n't get morbid , ma , '' said cosmo . 
 `` i 've had enough of this place . 
 i 'm going to walk to narrow neck before my clinic starts . '' 
 wherever narrow neck might be , its name evoked in my mind the image of storm 's long thin neck being broken and twisted as she tumbled down the bank . 
 while telling myself that i must stop brooding about storm now that her funeral was over , i heard georgina say `` why do n't you go along too , iris , and get some fresh air and exercise . '' 
 though not sure whether cosmo wanted my company , i agreed , and we set off towards the sea . 
 the tide was out . 
 cosmo led the way around the promontory at the north end of cheltenham beach , across the rocks beneath the cliffs with their multicolored strata made up , so he told me , of sandstone and mudstone and volcanic ash . 
 he walked fast with an agile gait and i stumbled a couple of times as i tried to keep up . 
 narrow neck turned out to be a sandy beach and by the time we got there i had to stop for breath . 
 `` hey , you 're not very fit , are you ? '' 
 said cosmo . 
 i was getting used to his blunt way of talking and found i did not mind it at all . 
 i explained `` i was sick a few months ago and i 'm not quite recovered yet . '' 
 `` sick with what ? '' 
 `` lymphoma . '' 
 `` hell , that sounds rough . 
 what was the treatment ? '' 
 `` chemotherapy and radiotherapy . '' 
 `` good response ? '' 
 `` so far yes , but it 's early days . 
 it could come back . '' 
 the consultant had described my prognosis as `` favorable '' but said there was never any guarantee of cure . 
 `` but then there 'd be other options ? '' 
 `` more chemo . 
 or a stem cell transplant . 
 but i do n't know if i 'd want that ... i 'd rather try alternative therapy . '' 
 `` what -- you mean homeopathy and stuff like that ? '' 
 `` yes , that sort of thing . '' 
 `` homeopathy 's rubbish , is n't it ? '' 
 said cosmo . 
 `` anyway , do n't look on the black side . 
 i suppose you came out here to recuperate and forget about things for a while . '' 
 `` yes , that 's about it . '' 
 `` takes a while to get over that type of treatment , '' said cosmo . 
 `` and then i guess the shock of finding storm set you back . 
 how well did you know her , anyway ? '' 
 `` not well at all really . 
 we sang in the same choir -- at the hospital where we both worked -- but we were in different departments . 
 storm was a statistician in a research unit and i was in the medical library . '' 
 `` are you still there ? '' 
 `` no -- i went through a bad patch and i changed my job -- i 've been in a different library for the past few years . '' 
 actually it had been twenty years , and though they had been quite pleasant on the whole i had a vague sense of regret , of a life not lived to the full , especially when cosmo went on to ask `` what about marriage and kids ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's a bit late for that now . '' 
 i added defensively `` i 'm quite happy to live by myself . '' 
 `` freedom , '' said cosmo . 
 `` exactly . 
 and because of my illness i 've got time off work and a chance to travel . '' 
 `` every cloud has a silver lining , eh ? 
 and now the funeral 's over , you can relax and enjoy yourself for a while . 
 were you planning to go and see the rest of the country ? '' 
 `` yes , i hope so . '' 
 i had read about various tourist destinations -- the bay of islands , rotorua , mount cook -- and knew it would be ridiculous to have come all this way and not visit them , but the truth was that i did not yet have the energy to go . 
 cosmo must have noticed the lack of enthusiasm in my voice , for he said `` mind you there are some good day trips from here -- rangitoto , waiwera , waiheke -- and i suppose you 've been over to the city , seen the art gallery and museums and stuff ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but i must start getting out more now . 
 and it 's been very kind of your mother to let me have the flat , but i really ca n't stay there much longer . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 it 's good for her having someone there -- you heard what she said about a lonely old age . 
 and she quite likes you . 
 francis and spot like you too . '' 
 then he added `` whereas they did n't much like storm , and nor did i. ma always sees the good in people -- but i thought storm was a weirdo , or worse . 
 mind you , it 's easy to get cynical in my job , when you see the way some people treat their animals . '' 
 i wanted to ask cosmo more about himself , but he said `` i need to head off to clinic . 
 there wo n't be much time to get back round the rocks before the tide comes in -- do you think you can make it ? 
 if not you 'd best take the road . '' 
 i opted for the road . 
 cosmo said `` you could catch a bus if you 're not up to walking . '' 
 then he jogged away . 
 i resolved that when i got back home i must talk to georgina about my future accommodation . 
 i found her drinking a mug of tea in the front garden , and she said without preamble `` look , i 'm perfectly happy for you to stay on in the flat for as long as you like . 
 storm used to pay a hundred dollars a week , is that alright for you ? '' 
 i said that a hundred dollars did n't seem very much , but georgina replied that it would cover her costs and she would be pleased to have me living there until i went back home . 
 then she suddenly announced `` you know , it 's nearly forty years since i left england and i still miss it . '' 
 `` why did you come to new zealand ? '' 
 `` oh , we wanted some travel and adventure , my husband and i . 
 we intended just staying a few months -- but then we both felt at home in devonport -- and when i found i was pregnant with cosmo we thought it would be a splendid place to bring up a child . 
 which it was , of course , with the sunshine and the sea . 
 peter had found a good job here and i was happy enough to stay . '' 
 `` what did he do , your husband ? '' 
 `` he was a teacher . 
 a good one , too . 
 though his first love was really his painting and pottery . '' 
 she paused , then looked at me with her direct gaze . 
 `` when you first came you said you used to do some painting , so i wondered if you 'd like to make use of the studio ? '' 
 `` the studio ? '' 
 `` oh , we always called it that , but it 's nothing grand , just little summerhouse at the top of the garden . 
 but it does have a nice view and lots of sunshine , and it 's totally private . 
 peter did his pottery up there . '' 
 i felt she was offering me a privilege , one which i was not sure i was ready to accept , and hesitated to reply . 
 georgina went on `` i used to go in sometimes , to remember peter after he died . 
 i left all his things undisturbed -- until i repaired that jar of storm 's -- and now of course she 's gone as well and it 's high time the place had some practical use . 
 come and have a look at it now . '' 
 she lifted a geranium pot , scooped up a key , and led the way round to the back of her house , up a set of brick steps to the little wooden shed at the top of the garden . 
 the place was dusty and untidy , but had been well equipped . 
 there was a potter 's wheel and a small kiln , a trestle table on which stood some brushes and paints , a blank canvas on an artist 's easel , various pieces of unpainted pottery on the wooden shelves against the wall , and a rattan rocking chair beside the single window with its view of the sea . 
 georgina said `` well , it needs a good cleaning up , and some of this stuff could probably be thrown away although i ought to sell the wheel and the kiln -- i do n't imagine you 'd want to use those . '' 
 `` i would n't know how to , '' i said , feeling a bit overwhelmed . 
 `` no , but you might like to try some drawing -- or practice your painting on some of these bisques . '' 
 she picked up a crudely misshapen little bowl . 
 `` not very elegant , but you could always use it for feeding the cat . 
 if you do n't want it i 'll throw it away . 
 francis made these pieces years ago -- he used to like coming up here with my husband and playing with clay -- but he gave it up when he got spot . 
 he 's just like his father , more interested in dogs than anything else . 
 you realize of course he was named after francis of assisi , the patron saint of animals . '' 
 was it because cosmo was more interested in dogs than women that francis 's mother was not around ? 
 i could hardly ask georgina that , so i just thanked her sincerely for the flat and the offer of the studio . 
 as we walked back down the steps i reflected on her kindness and told myself that now storm 's funeral was over and my accommodation secure i would be able to relax , and make the most of the rest of my time in new zealand . 
 chapter 7 interlude after being diagnosed with lymphoma , i had resolved on three things . 
 first , to make peace with anyone i had crossed in my life ; i had been too late with storm , despite my good intentions . 
 second , that if the disease did come back , i would not have any more hospital treatment ; so far , that had not been put to the test . 
 third , that however long i did have left to live , i would focus on enjoying each day as much as possible ; and now , on holiday in this beautiful setting , i had every opportunity to do that . 
 i soon established a pleasant daily routine . 
 perpetua woke me each morning by treading the bedclothes , purring loudly and licking my face , which meant that she wanted her breakfast . 
 following georgina 's suggestion , i had given her the crooked little bowl which , as a result of my first session up in the studio , was now painted in flake white with stripes of carmine red -- a name which seemed strangely familiar to me although i could not remember why . 
 then i had a shower and if the sun was shining , which it usually was , took my coffee and fruit and muesli out onto the warm deck , from which i could look out through the trees towards the sea and watch the little yachts going out , and the container ships and cruise liners coming in . 
 before the day got too hot i walked either along the sea front or around mount victoria to the village , had another coffee in one of the cafes , bought fresh food for the rest of the day 's meals , looked at paintings and pottery in the little galleries , or visited the library to borrow a couple of non-demanding books for reading on the bed after lunch with the afternoon sun streaming in and perpetua curled up at my side . 
 in mid-afternoon i often went up to the studio , and having decided that decorating bowls was not my forte , i tried my hand at painting botanical pictures . 
 there was a wide selection of oils up there , colors with exotic names such as purple madder , cerulean blue , viridian and burnt sienna , though most of the paints were so old and dry that they were almost unusable . 
 as storm had done , i chose roses as my subject , starting with the copper-pink variety called albertine . 
 i soon found the work so absorbing that it was easy to lose track of time although , except on those occasional days when it was much colder and the rain came down in torrents , i aimed to finish early enough to take some exercise in the evening . 
 sometimes this took the form of working in the garden , though i failed to make much impact there . 
 i could understand why storm had given up on the dense wilderness , and could also imagine how easily she had stumbled and fallen after having a drink or two , for under its tangled covering of rambling roses and creeper the ground below the deck sloped down at a treacherously steep angle . 
 i avoided the bottom part , the area with the old plum tree and the rosa gallica bush under which her body had lain . 
 on other evenings i walked on the beach , sometimes with francis and spot . 
 soon the sea would be warm enough for swimming , though i did not want anyone to see me in a swimsuit . 
 and before dinner i sat out on the deck , breathing the scents of rose and jasmine , watching the sailing boats pass to and fro in the harbour , admiring perpetua as she pranced along the balustrade , and enjoying a glass of the lovely new zealand wine . 
 i did not yet feel ready to take storm 's things to the charity shop , as georgina had suggested i might do . 
 i did not even feel comfortable about going into her bedroom . 
 but one evening , when i had drunk an extra glass of pinot gris , i impulsively did so . 
 i found myself trying on the red-and-black party dress which was still lying on the bed , and admiring my reflection in the mirror . 
 i had tended to avoid looking at myself in recent months . 
 the way my appearance had changed was disconcerting . 
 i had lost weight when i first became ill , then the lymph node biopsy left a scar on my neck , and the chemotherapy made some of my hair fall out . 
 but now my figure was rounder again , and my hair had grown back thicker , darker and wavier than before . 
 i suddenly thought i looked quite sexy -- like carmen . 
 but this name stirred up some painful memories and , feeling shocked and guilty , i quickly turned away from the mirror and changed back into my own clothes . 
 after that incident i resolved to cut down on drinking wine . 
 i made lemonade from the lemons on the tree in the garden , and rosewater according to the recipe in storm 's book , in the blue and yellow jar which i knew had been precious to her for reasons i would probably never know . 
 it was a peaceful , contented lifestyle and i felt happy just to let the days pass by , not minding that without newspapers , tv or computer i had lost touch with the wider world , was meeting few people and never got round to visiting the local attractions . 
 sometimes i wondered why my energy was not returning more quickly , but the hot humid weather was tiring and i knew that it could take a long time to get over the chemo . 
 chapter 8 myra i was dozing on the deck in the sun after lunch one day when i heard a sharp voice say `` hello , who are you ? '' 
 and opened my eyes to see a strange woman of indeterminate age standing over me . 
 i said `` i 'm staying here . '' 
 `` i thought this was storm 's flat . '' 
 `` storm 's not here any more . '' 
 `` really ? 
 where is she then ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid ... she died a few weeks ago . '' 
 `` died ? 
 how extraordinary . 
 i was n't aware of that . '' 
 the woman looked almost affronted . 
 `` died from what ? '' 
 `` she had an accident . '' 
 i did not like this woman , and felt disinclined to tell her any more than necessary about either storm or myself . 
 `` well , that is unfortunate . 
 how very sad , '' the woman said , not looking particularly distressed . 
 she continued `` myra is my name , i knew storm slightly through the rose appreciation group . 
 i came to see whether she needed any advice about the care of these bushes -- but i see they 've grown even further out of control . '' 
 i felt that control would be important to myra ; her stick-thin figure suggested rigorous dieting , her formal suit and gloves a carefully cultivated dress sense and also , quite probably , a lot of money . 
 i remembered the phrase `` a woman can never be too rich or too thin '' . 
 i could not imagine her doing any gardening herself but perhaps , as she said , her role was to give advice . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 she demanded suddenly , and i told her that it was iris but gave no further information . 
 she was inspecting the surroundings with a sharp and critical eye and i felt conscious of the leaves , cat-hairs and sand littering the deck , the creeper climbing up the balustrade , and the mandarins which were starting to rot in their bowl . 
 myra had clearly noticed other shortcomings , as she told me `` you should deadhead the flowers every day , you know , and that bush is going to be in serious trouble unless it 's sprayed -- ca n't you see all these aphids on the buds ? 
 come and look ! '' 
 suddenly myra was leading the way down into the garden , walking rather fast as if under pressure of time , her gaze darting from side to side . 
 her gait was upright and graceful , and she picked her way down the treacherous slope with gazelle-like poise , although i noticed she had a slight limp . 
 i followed for a short way but when i saw that she was heading in the direction of the rosa gallica bush i stopped and waited till she came back . 
 `` well , it 's a shame the roses were n't correctly pruned earlier in the season . 
 i can recommend a man to help next time if you wish . 
 and you may like to join some of the north shore activities -- we have a group for floral arrangement , and i organize various arts events in aid of local good causes , if you would be interested in supporting those . '' 
 i said that i would think about it , though i felt so uncomfortable in myra 's presence that i had no intention of following her suggestions up . 
 i made myself ask `` would you like some coffee or tea ? '' 
 `` no thank you , '' said myra , and abruptly left . 
 the same evening , on my way back from the beach , i met georgina in the garden and she invited me to go for a walk the next afternoon with spot and francis , who were staying with her . 
 i accepted with pleasure , hoping that cosmo might be coming too , though i had not seen him for some time and supposed he was very busy with his work . 
 i then mentioned the strange encounter with myra . 
 `` yes , she 's been here before , '' georgina said . 
 `` she 's the wife of a local doctor -- the one storm used to work for . '' 
 `` dr emby ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's him . '' 
 `` she did n't seem to know that storm had died . '' 
 `` well , that 's not surprising . 
 they 're not based in devonport now , he 's got a practice somewhere up in the east coast bays . 
 and storm was n't working there any more . 
 i 've no idea why myra wanted to see her . 
 rather a cold woman i always think , though she 's a great expert on various arty things . 
 i can only think that emby married her for her money . '' 
 it was the least charitable remark i had ever heard from kind georgina . 
 i suppose it was my imagination , but when i returned to the flat it seemed that the atmosphere had darkened , as if myra 's visit had cast a shadow over the place . 
 i felt shaky , with a vague sense of apprehension . 
 i decided to distract myself by going up to work in the studio for a while , but spoiled the piece i was working on by smudging the paint . 
 i went back home , poured out my evening glass of lemonade , and then promptly dropped it . 
 perpetua , startled , fled outside and jumped up onto the balustrade , but then lost her footing and fell back quite heavily onto the deck . 
 i tried to pick her up but she gave a cry of pain and ran off down the garden . 
 i swept up the broken shards of glass , wiped the floor , poured myself another drink -- of wine this time -- and sat out on the deck , but instead of enjoying the warmth of the evening and the view of the boats on the water i felt bored and lonely , wondering what i was going to do with the rest of my holiday and indeed with the rest of my life . 
 perpetua did not reappear that night . 
 chapter 9 clouds gathering if the weather was fine , instead of taking the flat route along the sea front on my way back from the shops , i sometimes walked around the lower slopes of mount victoria . 
 after a short steep climb up the road which led to the summit , i would turn left onto the grass track which encircled the old volcanic crater . 
 there were oak trees and agapanthus and wild garlic on the hillside , and wonderful views all around . 
 i hoped i was getting fit from all the extra exercise . 
 however , when i took this route next morning , i found myself needing a rest half way . 
 i was quite out of breath , though my bag of bread , cheese and fruit was not heavy , and the heat of the sun was not yet strong . 
 i sat down on the grass beside the path , feeling quite unwell . 
 there was a cramping pain in my belly and a dull ache in my head , and my energy level was so low that i could hardly face the short walk home . 
 the beauty of the view -- white sailing boats on the turquoise sea , with the green cone of rangitoto in the distance -- failed to lift my spirits as the bottled-up fears surfaced in my mind . 
 i had to admit that these symptoms had been coming on for a week or so and , reluctant to acknowledge what they might mean , i had been too scared to check around my body for enlarged lymph nodes . 
 i tried to tell myself that there was nothing new going on , that i was just continuing to feel the aftereffects of the chemotherapy combined with a little too much wine last night . 
 eventually i managed to make my way back home , and to eat a bit of lunch . 
 then i must have fallen asleep in my chair on the deck , for when i heard someone calling my name i had been dreaming of being back in the hospital in england . 
 `` hello iris ! 
 are you ready ? '' 
 i forced myself to open my eyes , and saw a woman 's form looming above me ; it took me a few seconds to recognize georgina and realize where i was . 
 another voice called out `` come on , we 're all here -- spot 's raring to go ! '' 
 it must be francis . 
 `` go where ? '' 
 i asked stupidly ; my voice came out slurred . 
 the boy bounded up to me , shouting `` north head of course you silly cow ! '' 
 `` mind your language , francis ! '' 
 georgina bellowed . 
 i felt as if my head would burst under the assault of their strident voices . 
 spot 's soft tail , waving like a flag , brushed against my legs and i reached out to pat him . 
 i remembered we had arranged to take the dog for a walk up north head . 
 georgina was asking me `` are you feeling alright ? '' 
 and i saw her looking at the empty glass on the table . 
 i said `` it was only lemonade . 
 i 've probably had too much sun . '' 
 it was an effort to move , but cheltenham beach was just a short walk away and as always , when we reached the golden sands beside the sparkling sea , i was struck by the beauty of the scene . 
 the ocean was dotted with the sails of little yachts , and a single cargo boat was passing on its sedate course across the harbour , against the looming mass of rangitoto . 
 we reached the south end of the beach , where the sand gave way to black rocks , at the foot of the hill called north head . 
 francis and his dog had already disappeared up the walkway ; georgina told me `` you go ahead , i 'll take it slowly . '' 
 but i was the one who lagged behind on the climb , short of breath and with a strange tingling in my feet which made my gait unsteady . 
 and i remembered what georgina had said about storm : `` unsteady on her feet . '' 
 i stopped a few times on the pretext of admiring the view , and when at last i reached the top , subsided onto the wooden seat . 
 `` you look puffed out , '' said georgina . 
 `` are you really alright ? '' 
 i said i was , and though i knew she knew i was lying , she said only `` it 's a pity cosmo is n't here , he could have driven you home . 
 he 'll be back fairly soon i hope . '' 
 `` is he on holiday ? '' 
 i asked . 
 georgina frowned slightly and said `` not exactly . 
 you know -- or perhaps you do n't know -- he still has a wife , who lives in australia now . 
 i think they are making a final effort to patch things up . 
 the church does not approve of divorce . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i presumed the family were catholics but did not like to ask . 
 at that point spot bounded over towards us and francis shouted `` are you coming home for tea ? '' 
 georgina said `` can you walk back , iris , or shall we ask one of the neighbors to come over with a car ? '' 
 `` i 'll be alright , '' i said , determined to walk back independently , and somehow i managed to keep up with the others on the way home . 
 much as i appreciated georgina 's kindness and concern , i wanted to be alone for a while , and declined the invitation to tea . 
 i dozed on the bed until it was time for supper , but was not really hungry , and the smell of the cat food i put out for perpetua made me feel slightly sick . 
 perpetua was apparently not hungry either , and instead of eating she curled up on my lap with a faint miaow , as if aware that something was wrong . 
 chapter 10 tom i knew i needed some kind of help , but what ? 
 i felt afraid to see a doctor and besides , i had a vague feeling that my problems might be more spiritual than medical . 
 i had no idea what to do about them and perhaps i would just have to live with the situation ; certainly , in my apathetic state , i lacked the initiative to seek out a suitable source of advice . 
 but then next morning , while looking for a pencil in the handbag which i had brought from england , i came across the card given to me by the man i had met on the flight : tom `` o '' . 
 energy balancing , flower essences . 
 on impulse i went up to the main house to ask georgina if i could use her phone to make an appointment . 
 `` of course , go ahead , '' she said , and went on rather hesitantly `` if it 's anything i can help with , i hope you 'll let me know . 
 i do n't want to pry , but i 've noticed you 've not been looking so well lately . 
 i can give you the name of a good doctor in the village if you like . '' 
 `` thank you , but i do n't think it 's anything physical , '' i said , hoping this was true . 
 she gave me a penetrating look . 
 `` more of a psychological thing , you mean ? '' 
 `` probably . '' 
 georgina said `` i know you were pretty cut up over storm . '' 
 i nodded , and she continued even more hesitantly `` perhaps you might like to talk to one of the priests . '' 
 my alarm over that suggestion must have shown on my face for she continued `` well , it 's none of my business of course . 
 i 'll leave you alone to make your phone call . '' 
 she left the room , closing the door behind her . 
 my hands were shaking as i keyed in the number on tom 's card . 
 `` iris . 
 from the flight . '' 
 apparently he had recognized my voice even before i said my name . 
 he offered me an appointment for the following day . 
 next morning i set off on the longest trip out of devonport which i had made so far , catching one bus to takapuna and another one heading up beyond the modern north shore suburbs towards the green countryside around dairy flat , and then walking along a path through native bush to reach tom 's wooden cottage . 
 his consulting room was a cool white space , minimally decorated apart from an array of large crystals in various colors . 
 the scent from an aromatherapy burner , and the soft sounds of new age music , created a slightly soporific atmosphere and having accepted a glass of ionized water i sat in silence for a while , for i had still not decided quite what i was going to say . 
 it was to my own amazement that i began the interview with the words `` i think i am possessed by the spirit of a woman called storm . '' 
 he did not laugh at me nor dismiss my fear , but seemed to calmly accept it . 
 `` storm -- is that the old friend you were coming to new zealand to visit ? '' 
 `` yes , but i never did see her , because it turned out she had died just before i arrived . 
 i had wanted to apologize to her ... for something that happened between us a long time ago ... but it was too late . 
 and since then i have n't been well ... i 'd had treatment for an illness before i left england but now i 'm afraid it may be coming back ... as if it 's a punishment ... i do n't really want to talk about it . '' 
 `` maybe you do n't have to . 
 there may be other ways . 
 like painting a picture or writing it down . 
 but it would be good to express it when you 're ready ... you know , sometimes if you repress a problem , it can make itself felt through the language of the body . '' 
 i had heard such theories before but was not sure if i believed them , and was starting to say something in reply when tom 's whole demeanor suddenly changed . 
 a blank look came over his face and he no longer seemed to be relating to me , but was glancing towards his left side . 
 after a long pause he said `` i have a female entity coming through , but the vibration is very faint . '' 
 another pause , then `` she is showing me images of a bullfight . '' 
 and then `` the connection has faded . '' 
 bullfights meant nothing to me , apart from the fact that i disapproved of them , and i wondered what i had let myself in for by coming to tom 's clinic . 
 i was glad when he seemed to return to his normal self and , without asking any more questions or making any more bizarre statements , invited me to lie down on the couch . 
 he said `` relax into the present moment and surrender to the flow of the universe , '' and then something about balancing the chakras . 
 i had not been lying there for long before i felt myself drifting into a trancelike state . 
 he did not touch me , but i was aware of the gentle movements of his hands weaving around my body , felt a sensation of waves of energy pulsating through me and had impressions of a spectrum of colors swirling behind my closed eyes . 
 afterwards he gave me another glass of water to drink and we talked some more , though i could not remember afterwards what i had told him . 
 at the end of the session he said `` i 'd like you to take a course of flower essences . 
 a combination . 
 star of bethlehem for processing and releasing past traumas , crab apple for cleansing , mimulus to give you the courage to face your fears , pine to help you stop blaming yourself so much , and wild rose to bring back your interest in life and sense of purpose . '' 
 `` i 'll try them if you think it will help . 
 but i do blame myself ... for not making up with storm when there was still time ... and now it 's too late . '' 
 he said `` there is no time in the spirit world , so it never is too late . 
 your intention is what counts . 
 and spirits do sometimes communicate with us , you know ... from the astral plane . '' 
 `` how can they do that ? '' 
 `` in various subtle ways -- just be open to the symbols and the synchronicities and you may be quite surprised . '' 
 though only half convinced by his words , and still not sure if tom was a magical healer or a deranged quack , i had to admit i did feel different after the session -- more relaxed , lighter , and with a renewed sense of hope . 
 when i got back to the flat after a long , hot ride on the two buses i took four drops of my flower essence mixture in a large glass of water . 
 then i lay down and fell straight into a deep sleep , unusual for me during the day . 
 and when i woke late in the evening i suddenly understood what the bullfight reference meant . 
 i had a notebook in my suitcase , and i started writing with a continuous and spontaneous flow of words , including everything as i remembered it even if it did show me up in a very bad light . 
 chapter 11 carmen `` it was one of those beautiful long hot summers there used to be in england . 
 i was young and happy and life seemed full of promise . 
 i 'd just finished my degree and started my first job , in the medical library of the local hospital . 
 one day i saw a flyer on the notice-board inviting new singers -- no experience necessary -- to come and join the staff choir which rehearsed on tuesday nights . 
 i thought it would be fun to go along and it was there that i saw mark and fell in love at first sight . 
 it was overwhelming . 
 i 'd had a couple of relationships in my student days but never felt like this before . 
 `` the men 's and women 's sections were placed directly opposite each other so i could look straight into his eyes . 
 he was tall and strongly built , with jet-black hair and an olive complexion which suggested mediterranean blood , though his accent sounded english public school . 
 he had a fine baritone voice , and was usually chosen for the solo parts , and sometimes when he sang i imagined he was looking at me with a soulful , appealing expression which made me feel weak with longing . 
 i hoped he would speak to me in the tea break but he never did , and when i saw him chatting and joking and flirting with some of the other women , i felt madly jealous . 
 he was obviously older and more sophisticated than me , and i was far too shy to approach him . 
 i did n't know much about him at all -- someone told me he was a doctor , a registrar on one of the medical wards , and once i heard a nurse describe him as ` a prick with eyes ' though i hardly knew what that meant . 
 i just daydreamed about him all the time , at work vainly hoping he might come into the library one day or that i might see him in the canteen , and at home in the evenings wallowing in fantasies about him . 
 and every tuesday night with my long brown hair freshly washed and wearing my best summer frock i would await his arrival at rehearsal -- he often came late -- and look up from my music as often as i dared in the hope we might exchange a glance . 
 `` though the technical side passed me by i did love the singing . 
 rehearsals were held in the hospital chapel and i think the conductor was actually the chaplain , so many of the pieces were sacred ones -- ave verum corpus , panis angelicus , jesu joy of man 's desiring -- but there were also madrigals such as the silver swan , and now and then something much lighter like a chorus from the pirates of penzance -- whenever i heard any of them afterwards it brought back bittersweet memories of that summer . 
 the music transported me into ecstasies of delight . 
 `` and then , after a few weeks had passed and i 'd almost stopped hoping he would ever notice me , mark came up to me outside the building after rehearsal and asked in a casual tone ` want to come out for a drink ? ' 
 `` he had an old sports car , a white mg . 
 we drove out of the town and up onto the downs , without talking . 
 i was trembling with excitement and anticipation . 
 it was a hot sultry evening , and the colors of the sunset sky were glowing with a vivid light . 
 `` the drink did n't happen . 
 he parked in a little lay-by off a quiet country lane , switched off the engine , turned towards me and said ` you are a lovely woman , iris . ' 
 then we kissed . 
 he said softly ` let 's go and lie down , ' and we got out of the car and he led me by the hand to a grassy hollow nearby . 
 i was on fire with desire and , though i 'd always been quite a cautious person , completely oblivious of the risks of having unprotected sex with a man who was almost a stranger . 
 his body against mine felt new and thrilling , yet somehow warm and familiar as if i had known him always . 
 `` that night set the pattern for many more to come . 
 every week after rehearsal we drove back to our special place , the little hollow in the downs . 
 i lived for those tuesday nights . 
 how many other women had he taken up there before me , i wonder now ? 
 `` we did n't talk much , and when we did it was lightweight conversation which really told me very little . 
 he sometimes hinted at triumphs of diagnosis and treatment on the ward , and i felt sure that with his good looks and cheery manner he must be much loved and admired by his patients , even if he did use terms like ` old crumble ' or ` neurots ' to describe them outside work . 
 he said nothing about his personal life and if ever i asked a tentative question he managed to avoid answering it . 
 i remember he told me once ` let 's just keep this on a casual basis ' and another time pretended to ignore me in the car park while other choir members were walking by . 
 ` we do n't want to make them jealous , ' he said . 
 i realize now he was probably married but , again , i was too naïve to think about that at the time . 
 `` absorbed in my romantic idyll i had little interest in getting to know the other women in the choir , and when a new soprano by the name of storm was placed beside me i found her presence mildly annoying . 
 i had come across her before , in the library -- she was working on some kind of research in the hospital pharmacy i think , and had borrowed books on statistics . 
 her appearance was plain , with a long pale serious face , scrawny neck , straggly hair and thick glasses , and flat-chested figure draped in shapeless clothes which looked amateurishly hand-made . 
 and she sometimes smelled unwashed . 
 but she had a strong singing voice and appeared to know a lot about music , frequently correcting me with comments like ` that phrase is chromatic ' or ` there 's a diminuendo there ' and even telling the conductor that he had mispronounced some word in one of the latin motets . 
 during the tea break she never joined in the general conversation , but sat by herself with a crossword or a book . 
 frankly , i did n't like storm at all . 
 i tried to be polite when i had to talk to her , but i ignored her as far as i could . 
 `` one tuesday evening our conductor was absent . 
 apparently he had come down with the ` gastric flu ' which was going round the hospital that summer . 
 we sang a few pieces we knew well and then there was a general discussion about the repertoire , from which it turned out that some members wanted to continue with the sacred music but a strident majority wanted something more popular . 
 the following week came a surprise announcement , that the tuesday choir would carry on as before but one of the older altos , a rather busty blonde who was a sister on the maternity ward , would lead a new friday group to rehearse a concert performance of songs from ` carmen ' and there would be auditions for the lead roles . 
 `` it went without saying that mark would play escamillo , the great bullfighter . 
 and more than anything in the world i wanted to play carmen . 
 i knew the opera , and had an lp of the music at home . 
 the cover picture showed a sultry beauty with one red rose in her long dark hair and another in the bosom of her low-cut dress . 
 i played that record over and over , picturing the two of us on stage as he sang to me ` si tu m ' aimes , carmen ' and my fervent response ` ah ! 
 je t ' aime , escamillo ' . 
 it would be incredibly romantic . 
 and , though perhaps i was n't ready to admit this to myself , it would reveal a sign of our love to the outside world , for i was starting to be uneasy about the lack of progress in our relationship and the aura of secrecy which mark seemed determined to maintain . 
 `` of course it was out of the question that an untrained singer like me would be able to cope with the part of carmen -- but then i was totally consumed by a kind of madness , that wild infatuation which i thought was love . 
 and when on one of our clandestine meetings mark gave me a single red rose , a symbol of what i hoped was to come , i was in ecstasy . 
 i kept that rose on my pillow every night even after the petals had faded and dried . 
 `` it was on the monday of audition week that storm came up to me at my desk in the library and said in that strange stilted voice of hers ` i would like your advice . ' 
 i presumed she wanted a book or journal reference . 
 but then she handed me a slip of paper and said ` can you come to my flat at half past five today ? 
 here is the address . ' 
 `` i was taken aback but curious , and i agreed to go . 
 `` her flat was on the ground floor of a victorian terraced house in a modest part of town . 
 though the glorious summer weather still continued outside , the living room was rather dark and chilly , cluttered and not particularly clean . 
 there was a large weaving loom in the centre , various rugs and scarves in drab colors draped over the furniture , a dying pot plant , and piles of books . 
 the titles i managed to glimpse were not related to music or pharmacy but to esoteric subjects such as sacred geometry , the tarot , astrology and past lives . 
 there was nowhere to sit , the sofa and the single chair being already occupied by sleeping cats . 
 `` storm came straight to the point . 
 ` i shall be auditioning for the role of carmen on friday . 
 i 've noticed you have a good dress sense , so i should like you to advise me on what to wear . ' 
 `` whatever i had expected , it was n't this . 
 plain , asexual storm -- however did she get that odd name ? 
 -- was as unlike my idea of carmen as it was possible to be . 
 i did my best to hide my amazement , and was still trying to think how to respond when i was shocked even more deeply by her next words ` a certain man has given me a clear indication that he wants me for his female lead . ' 
 `` there was only one man she could possibly mean -- mark . 
 the other men in the choir seemed pleasant enough but i considered them rather ordinary specimens , lacking any star quality and quite incapable of playing a handsome bullfighter , though probably adequate as the diffident don jose . 
 if it was ludicrous to imagine storm as carmen , i thought , it was even more ludicrous to imagine her being of any interest to mark . 
 how arrogant i was . 
 `` i tried to conceal my emotions as storm continued ` i have three possible costumes to choose from . 
 but i will make some herbal tea for you before i try them on . ' 
 `` i 've never liked tea , especially herbal tea -- i prefer coffee -- and the brew which storm gave me tasted particularly revolting , but i managed to drink about half a cup of it while storm paraded in a series of outfits each more ghastly than the last . 
 i did my best to be tactful , recommending the least unattractive dress and suggesting that she added one of her scarves and wore her hair loose . 
 i could afford to be helpful because , however much she tarted herself up , i was sure she would n't have a chance in hell of getting the part , let alone of attracting mark . 
 he was in love with me after all . 
 `` but the strange encounter unsettled me , and that evening was to be the first of many on which i bought a bottle of wine on the way back to my flat and drank most of it on my own . 
 the more i mulled over the situation , the less confident of my position i became . 
 storm might not have the looks or personality to play carmen , but she did have a stronger singing voice than mine , and she knew a lot about music while i knew hardly a thing . 
 and how could i be sure that she was not of interest to mark ? 
 what had she meant by having a ` clear indication ' from him ? 
 what did i know about him anyway and why did he never ring me up ? 
 `` my sleep that night was fitful , with bizarre fragmented dreams , and when the alarm finally woke me next morning i was aching all over , nauseated and headachy . 
 regretting last night 's cheap wine , i made myself get up , shower and dress , have some strong black coffee and toast , and go to work as usual , expecting to recover as the day went on . 
 instead i got gradually worse . 
 on top of my hangover i had obviously picked up the gastric flu . 
 `` if i 'd had any consideration for other people 's health , or indeed my own , i would have stayed away from the hospital and not gone to choir practice that evening . 
 and , of course , i did not want mark to see me looking so far from my best . 
 but on the other hand i hated the thought of not being there , missing any clues about what might be happening between him and storm , and missing my tuesday rendezvous with him , for surely love would conquer all and my body would be able to banish the infection in time for that vital event . 
 after work i went back home for another shower and a change of clothes , and put on some perfume , and heavier make-up than i usually wore . 
 i could n't face having anything to eat . 
 i walked slowly back to the hospital chapel , arriving early , and sat down to wait for the others ; i felt lightheaded and afraid i was going to be sick ; maybe i would have to leave after all . 
 `` storm walked in . 
 she was dressed up to the nines and actually looked quite smart . 
 a sudden wave of jealousy overwhelmed me , along with the most wicked impulse i had ever felt in my life . 
 i said to her ` you 're looking really good tonight , ' and i kissed her on the mouth , deliberately breathing my germs all over her face , hoping she would catch my gastric flu and be too sick to attend the auditions in three days ' time . 
 a judas kiss . 
 `` immediately afterwards i returned to my senses and felt bitterly ashamed of what i had just done . 
 maybe the infection had affected my brain . 
 i turned away from storm 's surprised face , hurried out of the chapel and vomited in the car park . 
 thank god , mark 's car was not there . 
 when i found the strength to move again , i dragged myself home to bed , and stayed there for the next two days . 
 i had never been so ill in my life . 
 but on the third day , the friday , i summoned the strength to return to work and then in the evening to go to the auditions . 
 `` storm , along with several of the other singers , was already waiting in the chapel . 
 she was wearing a different outfit from the ones she had shown me , a long multicolored skirt and a frilly white blouse , long beads and an orange scarf . 
 her face was brightly painted , her long loose hair had been tinted auburn , and she had a red rose stuck on each side of her head . 
 though the overall effect was bizarre i could see it might have a certain quirky appeal . 
 she looked perfectly well , in fact almost radiant . 
 my attempt to infect her had evidently failed and that was a relief in a way although , of course , it did not excuse my bad intentions . 
 i avoided speaking to her and , as usual , kept watch for the arrival of mark . 
 `` neither storm nor i was chosen to sing carmen , but it no longer mattered to me because mark did not arrive for the auditions , and the part of escamillo was given to a male nurse . 
 `` my magical joyful summer had come to a sudden and horrible end . 
 the following monday , after a weekend of tearful solitude , i disobeyed mark 's orders by ringing the ward where he worked and asking to speak to the medical registrar . 
 the ward clerk told me he had left . 
 i never saw nor heard from him again . 
 and , even later on when the internet had made it so much easier to trace people from the past , i did n't try -- partly because , incredible though it seems now , i had never known what his surname was . 
 anyway i did n't really want to meet him again though just sometimes i wished i had something , like a photo or a letter , to remember him by . 
 `` where did the next twenty years go ? 
 of course i eventually recovered from the worst of the heartbreak , but my life had lost some of its zest . 
 i moved to a new job , in the public library of another town . 
 i quite liked the work , and did well enough to progress up the promotion ladder . 
 i tried a few more relationships but none of them worked out . 
 i bought a little house , where i lived alone except for my cat . 
 in my spare time i looked after my garden , and joined a walking group , and in the evenings often drank a bit too much wine . 
 i never did any more singing , and the events of that fateful summer at the hospital slowly faded from my mind , except when i happened to hear some of the music from ` carmen ' or one of those sentimental songs like i 'll never fall in love again or only yesterday that tended to make me cry . 
 i was turning into a middle-aged spinster . 
 then my cat died . 
 and the next big thing that happened was feeling the lump in my neck and being told that the biopsy showed a lymphoma . 
 `` the hospital staff were efficient and kind but the tests and the treatments were hard going . 
 the chemotherapy and radiotherapy caused nausea and sore skin and i had bouts of overwhelming fatigue which went on for weeks after the course was over . 
 returning to work seemed out of the question for the time being . 
 the consultant gave me a hopeful prognosis but no promise of cure -- the disease might come back in any part of my body at any time and , he said , there was nothing i could do to stop it although they could try a stem cell transplant or more chemotherapy if it did . 
 the cause of it was unknown . 
 `` through the internet , i began to look into the worlds of holistic healing and alternative medicine , but felt confused and overwhelmed by the huge range of therapies which often sounded demanding and bizarre . 
 one thing which came up several times , though , and struck a chord with me , was reference to the power of forgiveness -- forgiveness towards both self and others -- and against my will this got me thinking about storm and whether i should try to track her down and somehow make amends . 
 `` banal as it seemed , i found her through facebook . 
 given her unusual name it was ridiculously easy . 
 i sent her a short message asking how she was and whether she remembered me . 
 i did n't really expect a reply , in fact i half hoped there would n't be one . 
 but it arrived just a few hours later and its content amazed me . 
 yes , she remembered me well , because we had been such good friends in the choir -lrb- ! -rrb- . 
 she had moved to new zealand a few months ago and was a bit lonely and homesick so if i felt like visiting at any time she would be delighted to have me to stay . 
 `` it seemed like a heaven-sent coincidence , though tom has told me since that coincidences do n't exist . 
 a long holiday in a sunny climate was just what i needed to complete my recovery and decide what to do with the rest of my life . 
 and , though i felt apprehensive about seeing storm again , i wanted to put things right between us , not by email but face to face . 
 `` well , storm , i never did get to see you and now i never will . 
 i do n't know if i believe in an afterlife or not but i hope if you still exist in whatever form you will know i am sorry for my unkind thoughts and acts towards you all those years ago . 
 you will understand as well as anyone that ` love is blind ' and when you are in love or think you are in love you neither know nor care if what either of you is doing is wrong . '' 
 after writing the last paragraph i found myself weeping tears of grief for storm , the first time since her death that i had cried . 
 chapter 12 dr emby after my session with tom , taking the flower essences for a few days and writing down my story i felt better in my mind : lighter , calmer , and more motivated to find out exactly what had happened to storm . 
 but my physical symptoms were still present , in fact they were getting worse . 
 walking to and from the village to buy food was an increasing effort . 
 when i sat out on my deck and looked down over the steep bank i could see that the rose bushes were becoming smothered by grasses and bindweed , and that the plums were beginning to ripen on the old tree at the bottom of the slope , but quite apart from my reluctance to revisit the scene of storm 's death i no longer had any energy for gardening . 
 i decided i really would have to see a doctor and that perhaps , if i went to the same clinic where storm used to work , i might be able to discover more information about her at the same time . 
 not wanting to discuss my health problems with georgina , i told her the half-truth that i was curious to know the whereabouts of dr emby 's clinic . 
 georgina looked a bit concerned , but did not ask me why i wanted to know , and explained that emby had moved out of devonport into one of the newer suburbs on the north shore . 
 that same afternoon i took the bus to the place she had mentioned and , on seeing the sign `` doctor 's surgery '' , went straight in before my courage failed . 
 `` i 'd like to make an appointment to see dr emby . '' 
 the receptionist frowned and said `` we have n't got a dr emby here . 
 but one of the others might be able to fit you in . '' 
 and then the door to a room across the corridor opened . 
 mark came out and walked behind the receptionist 's desk . 
 i heard her ask him `` can you see this new patient before you go ? '' 
 and his curt reply `` yes , provided i can get away by four o’clock . '' 
 then he turned and went back into the room . 
 my heart had started racing and i felt afraid i was going to faint . 
 i had never imagined that mark and i would meet again , here on the other side of the world . 
 i half longed to see him and half wanted to run away . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 asked the receptionist . 
 `` maybe i 'd better come back another time . '' 
 but i knew i would not dare to come back again . 
 it was now or never . 
 `` you do n't actually look too good , i 'd say you should be seen today . 
 the doctor will be free in a few minutes . 
 i just need you to fill in this form , '' the receptionist said . 
 i sat down and tried breathing deeply . 
 though i could hardly remember my personal details , and my hand was shaking so much that i could hardly write , i filled in the form and took it back to the desk . 
 once again i had a wild impulse to run away , but felt paralyzed as if in a dream . 
 fate had brought mark and me together at last . 
 what would we say to each other ? 
 would he kiss me ? 
 or had he forgotten me ? 
 according to the clock on the wall it was 3.50 p.m. when mark came out of his office again , picked up my registration form and glanced at it briefly before turning towards me and saying `` this way , please . '' 
 i followed him into the consulting room . 
 he showed me to a chair , and sat down himself at the other side of the desk . 
 it was plain that he had not aged well , for his tall figure had become rather stout and his jet-black hair was obviously dyed , yet in essence he was still the same and when he looked at me with his deep brown eyes i remembered the magic his gaze had once held for me . 
 he gave no sign that he recognized my name or myself . 
 or maybe he was just pretending not to . 
 he asked rather curtly `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 it was cowardly , perhaps , but to remind him of our shared past would be to risk a rejection which i did not want to face . 
 i would pretend i did not recognize him either , and go ahead with the form of words i had rehearsed for `` dr emby '' describing the symptoms of tiredness , weakness , tingling , headaches and colicky pain which had developed in the few weeks since i came to new zealand . 
 i was about to tell him about the lymphoma when he said `` well , let 's have a quick look at you . '' 
 he leaned over to take my pulse , and i tried to imagine how it was going to feel to have my body clinically explored by the same hands which had once lovingly caressed it on summer nights so long ago and far away . 
 but it did not happen . 
 he did not ask about my past medical history nor carry out any further physical examination . 
 instead he glanced at his watch and said `` i have to leave for an urgent appointment , so we do n't have time to take this any further today . 
 but it 's my guess , you know , all these symptoms are due to an acute anxiety state . 
 you 're showing all the signs , with your flushed face and damp palms , and your heart racing like a frightened little rabbit . 
 i 'll see you again in two weeks ' time and we 'll run a few tests then if necessary , check your thyroid and so on . 
 but i very much doubt , dear lady , that this is due to anything other than the stress of coming to a new country . '' 
 he started writing a prescription . 
 `` a short course of antidepressants often works wonders in cases like yours . 
 but i want you to understand that you must persevere with taking them regularly because you may not feel any benefit at first -- so meanwhile , until the full effect comes on-stream , you will need something else for the pain in your tummy . '' 
 i understood enough about medicine to know that this was bad practice and that i ought to insist on telling him the background and ask for a prompt thorough assessment , but i did not . 
 he was obviously in too much of a hurry to consider my case properly . 
 and , if the worst had happened and the lymphoma had come back , i did not want him to be the one to tell me . 
 perhaps it would be better not to know at all , at least not yet . 
 he handed me a prescription , saying `` i want you to take these painkillers only as strictly necessary , and bring the bottle back next time so i can check how many you 've used . 
 and if these do n't help you , though i 'm sure they will , i 'll consider changing them for something stronger still . 
 and now , my dear , that 's all for today because i simply have to leave . '' 
 he turned away and started putting some papers from his desk into a briefcase . 
 i left the room , overcome with anger and humiliation , managing to maintain just enough dignity to pay my bill at the reception desk . 
 with emotions churning and tears in my eyes , i escaped from the surgery as fast as i could . 
 my instinct was to seek solitude and fresh air and i headed towards the sea . 
 when i reached the beach , shortness of breath forced me to rest on the nearest rock . 
 after a while i looked at the prescription i was clutching in my hand . 
 his writing was illegible but his name was printed at the top -- `` dr everard marquis brandon '' . 
 not mark , or emby , but e.m.b. suddenly i was hysterical , laughing and crying at the same time , overcome with the bathos of the situation . 
 i had allowed my passion for this man to dominate me for years , and to change the whole course of my life , but it been totally misguided and i had never even known what his name was . 
 i was unable to control my display of emotion even when a pair of passing walkers stared at me and asked if i was alright . 
 maybe i was having a breakdown and he -- what was i going to call him now ? 
 -- was correct , all my symptoms were due to stress and i needed a course of antidepressants after all . 
 chapter 13 downhill i took one antidepressant tablet that night and next morning i felt worse : mouth dry , abdomen bloated , mind even more confused . 
 when i had coffee with georgina she said again that i did n't look well , and i explained that i had just started taking some medication from the doctor i had seen the day before . 
 `` not emby ? 
 oh dear , '' said georgina . 
 `` i 'm afraid he 's not the best of the local ones ... i should have advised you but i did n't want to interfere ... but then again perhaps i 'm prejudiced ... '' `` why , what do you mean ? '' 
 `` emby can be quite a charming man , but he did n't do right by peter , my husband , or by me . 
 he knew i had high pressure in my eyes and he just told me it was due to stress and tried to put me on tranquilizers . 
 by the time i saw a specialist it was almost too late though i can just about manage with the vision i have left . '' 
 `` that 's awful , '' i said , inadequately . 
 `` did you make a complaint about him ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't , i do n't quite know why . 
 other patients did , i think , which is probably why he changed to the other practice . 
 we should have gone to someone else -- it might have helped my husband . '' 
 `` what happened with him ? '' 
 `` emby delayed in diagnosing his cancer . 
 he did n't examine him properly , just kept prescribing stronger pills . 
 when he came to see me after peter died -- he died at home -- it was on the pretext of collecting the leftover medication , but i think he was really wanting to make sure i was alright and perhaps trying to apologize ... '' that sounded to me like a charitable interpretation and i found myself saying `` really ? '' 
 in a rather sharp tone of voice . 
 i had not analyzed my feelings towards mark but i knew that what i once thought was love had changed into a darker emotion , and that now i did not trust him at all . 
 i mumbled something sympathetic about peter and stood up to leave , but before i could do so georgina said `` i think that cat of yours is looking a bit off color too . '' 
 `` i must say she 's not eating quite so well . '' 
 `` have you had it desexed yet ? '' 
 `` no , not yet . '' 
 i had not realized this was my responsibility . 
 `` better get on with it as soon as possible , then . '' 
 `` ok -- i 'll take her to the vet in the village . '' 
 `` oh no , do n't do that . 
 the local vets are excellent of course , but cosmo always looks after our animals . 
 obviously he wo n't charge anything either . '' 
 she fumbled in the drawer of her desk and found a card . 
 `` here 's his clinic details , and he 'll be back any day now , so you can book it in . '' 
 i noticed the clinic address was in the same north shore suburb as emby 's surgery , though in a different street . 
 i would have to go to the library to check out the bus route on the internet , though perhaps it would be better to take a taxi because of having a cat with me , and i would need some kind of cage to carry her in . 
 in my weakened state these problems seemed daunting , and i did not like to keep on asking advice and help from georgina ; for the first time since coming to devonport i truly regretted not having access to a computer or a car . 
 i put off dealing with the desexing of perpetua because for the next two days it rained continuously and was much colder , unsuitable weather for going outside especially considering the way i was feeling : cramping pains in my abdomen , a dull headache , vaguely muddled and confused and only partly aware of the sights and sounds around me . 
 i also felt a bit homesick for england , perhaps because christmas was coming , and nostalgic for the past ; and though i did not want to think about mark i found vague memories of those summer nights on the downs drifting through my mind . 
 tom had said this might happen as the vibrational healing with flower essences brought buried emotions to the surface . 
 or maybe i was experiencing side-effects from the antidepressants . 
 i was undecided whether to continue taking them or not . 
 the following night i realized how sick perpetua had become . 
 she had not been inside to ask for food all day , and the only sign of her presence was a pathetic little pool of vomit on the verandah . 
 when i called her there was no response and i was afraid she had crawled under a bush to die ... perhaps the rosa gallica bush ... i forced myself to walk down the garden , dreading what i would find , but then i saw the little cat slowly struggling up through the long grass towards me , swaying on her feet as if drugged . 
 i picked her up and she felt feather-light , ribs sharp beneath the soft fur , not purring any more . 
 i laid her down in her basket , but her frail body started to jerk and twitch . 
 she needed immediate help and georgina would know what to do . 
 i took perpetua into my arms and hurried round to the main house , relieved to see that , late though it was , the downstairs light was on and the front door was open . 
 and there in the hall , carrying a suitcase , was cosmo -- just back from the airport . 
 he had come to pick up francis on his way home , but after a quick assessment of the situation , decided that francis should stay another night with georgina while we took perpetua straight to the specialist animal hospital . 
 i carried the cat out to his car , which smelled of dog and contained a spare cat cage , and we drove out of the village , over the harbour bridge towards the city . 
 perpetua was immediately started on intravenous fluids in the emergency clinic , and kept in for tests . 
 the vet did not give a diagnosis , but promised to ring with news of her condition next morning . 
 i was afraid i would never see my kitten again , and cosmo must have picked up my distress , for he said as we drove away `` hey , do n't give up on her yet ! '' 
 i forced a smile . 
 `` i 'll try to think positive . '' 
 `` do n't just try , do it ! '' 
 `` ok . '' 
 `` that 's the spirit . 
 look -- ma told me -- you 've not been feeling too good yourself lately . '' 
 `` no , not too good . '' 
 the truth was that i felt miserable , worried , cold and exhausted , but there was no point talking about that so i asked him `` how about you -- how was your trip ? '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` that was n't too good either , but at least we made a decision to call it a day and go for a divorce . '' 
 `` oh , i see . 
 that 's hard . '' 
 `` hard for francis mainly , '' said cosmo . 
 `` and ma wo n't approve . 
 have you got kids ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and i 've never been married . '' 
 `` oh yes , i remember you told me that before . 
 very wise . '' 
 we had crossed the harbour bridge and come off the motorway , heading towards the devonport peninsula ; with so little traffic on the road so late at night we would soon be back at bay house . 
 i thanked cosmo for his help . 
 `` lucky i got in when i did . 
 now i 'll drop you off and then go home and get some sleep -- it 's back to work in the morning . '' 
 i realized it was well after midnight , and that cosmo probably lived quite a long way out of devonport , given that his practice was in the east coast suburb where i had gone to see mark . 
 `` i did n't think -- i could 've taken her over in a taxi and let you go home to bed . '' 
 `` no way . 
 the animals always come first , ok ? 
 and remember -- you and your cat are going to be alright . '' 
 `` well , i hope so . '' 
 i repeated `` i 'll try to think positive . '' 
 `` try ? 
 you know you can do better than that , iris ! 
 feel it -- believe it -- and make it happen . 
 ok ? '' 
 `` ok , '' i said . 
 simplistic though it might be , his pop psychology had a cheering effect . 
 `` thanks for the pep talk -- and everything else . '' 
 we were back at bay house . 
 cosmo said `` look after yourself , iris , and keep your spirits up . '' 
 before i got out of the car he put his arm around my shoulder and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek . 
 the gesture , kind and friendly rather than romantic , infused me with comfort and hope . 
 chapter 14 confrontation i slept surprisingly well that night , and woke the next morning with my sense of resolve further strengthened . 
 i was no longer willing to be a passive victim of the negative forces which had hovered around me in recent weeks . 
 it was time to take control of my life again , find out exactly what was wrong with me and what had happened to storm . 
 perpetua was still on my mind , but it was too early to go round to bay house to ask if georgina had heard any news of her condition , so after breakfast i made a start on cleaning up the flat and going through storm 's things , tasks i had put off until now . 
 intrusive though it might be , i decided to read through the rest of her wiccan diary . 
 i found a handwritten document tucked inside the front cover . 
 `` to whom it may concern `` i want to make a complaint against dr everard marquis brandon . 
 `` it is difficult for me to write it because i thought this man truly cared for me . 
 i have adored him and devoted my life to him for almost 21 years . 
 i followed him to the other side of the world , and lowered myself to take a menial manual job in order that i might be near to him and serve him . 
 `` though he was not free to declare to the world his love for me , he came to see me at home on my birthday , and brought me a valuable present . 
 i had already sold all that i owned to buy presents for him and to make myself more beautiful for him . 
 `` but then he took advantage of my loyal devotion . 
 because i loved him so much i willingly obeyed him when he asked me to get drugs from the chemist , by prescribing for me under a false name , and then secretly giving them back to him . 
 `` this harmless deception was repeated on many occasions and i was always willing to obey his wishes and do my part to meet his desperate need , whatever it might be . 
 but when my innocent part in it was exposed by some intrusive pharmacist , dr everard marquis brandon did nothing to defend my position . 
 in fact he lied to the authorities , claiming that i had fooled him into giving me these drugs to feed my own addiction !!! 
 `` so i found myself condemned as guilty of a crime i had never committed , a scapegoat forced into the victim 's role . 
 i was sent to see an idiot of a psychiatrist who did not believe a word i said . 
 i lost my job . 
 throughout it all i stayed loyal to him , willingly sacrificing myself by taking all the blame . 
 but then -- dr everard marquis brandon told me not to contact him again . 
 he actually refused to acknowledge me . 
 i had given up everything for him and i had been brutally , cruelly betrayed . 
 `` then , strange as it may seem , i received an email from a woman i used to know in england . 
 she was never any friend of mine and the fact that she has always been jealous of my relationship with dr everard marquis brandon is ancient history . 
 i thwarted her lustful desires once before . 
 and now , under the pretext of coming to visit me , she is once again attempting to rob me of first place in his affections . 
 well , i do not think she is a particularly intelligent woman , and i intend to beat her at her own game , as i succeeded in doing once before . 
 she will live to regret the day she came to new zealand . 
 or not ... `` i have not felt well in recent weeks . 
 i suspect a potential rival may be producing interference . 
 if anything should happen to me i leave this testament for whom it may concern and trust they will take action to ensure that justice is done . 
 `` hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . '' 
 after reading the document i felt my head swimming and my heart thumping , and i felt sick . 
 but things were beginning to become clear . 
 after drinking a cup of strong black coffee i went to talk to my landlady . 
 she preempted my first question by saying `` there 's no news yet about that cat . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , perhaps no news is good news . '' 
 the cliche sounded foolish . 
 i went on `` georgina -- i want to ask you a question about your husband 's illness -- because you said something about emby coming to see you on the pretext of collecting the spare medication after he died ... what drugs were they ? 
 do you know ? '' 
 `` strong painkillers . 
 morphine , actually . 
 there was a lot left over , emby had just prescribed another supply . 
 he said peter had at least another month -- i must say , though , i had a feeling it would only be a few days . 
 when you 're very close to someone , i think you can often tell these things . '' 
 i answered with a sympathetic nod , saying nothing . 
 georgina added `` i know emby was n't a very good doctor but he did have a cheerful bedside manner which made people feel better . 
 peter always liked seeing him . 
 and it was kind of him to come and visit me afterwards . '' 
 i did not disillusion her , though i thought i knew what had happened . 
 collecting the residual medication had not been a `` pretext '' for mark 's post-bereavement visit to georgina , but its main purpose . 
 for peter , for storm , and no doubt for others of whom perhaps i was intended to be next , he had prescribed excessive amounts of controlled drugs -- opioids -- and acquired some of them back for himself : for personal use ? 
 to sell on the black market ? 
 maybe storm had known . 
 and when her obsessive devotion towards him had turned to bitter hatred , she had become a threat . 
 could mark have had a hand in her death ? 
 georgina said `` i need to hang the washing out . '' 
 she obviously did not want to discuss the topic any further . 
 maybe it was still too distressing to talk about peter 's final illness , maybe she considered it indiscreet to ask about my own dealings with mark , or maybe she even wanted to protect him because she was a little attracted to him herself ? 
 surely not , considering her age and circumstances . 
 i dismissed the thought . 
 what to do next ? 
 i could go to someone in authority -- the police , perhaps the pharmacist -- but it would be difficult to explain my part in the story and , even if they did take me seriously , did i have enough evidence to justify stirring up the serious investigations which might follow ? 
 spurred into action , perhaps , by the wild rose remedy i resolved to confront mark myself and i booked an appointment for the next afternoon . 
 a phone call from the veterinary hospital came through to bay house that evening . 
 perpetua was `` holding her own '' but they had not yet made a diagnosis , and would have to do more tests . 
 there had been no further news about her by the time i set out for mark 's surgery after lunch the next day . 
 there was a different receptionist on duty there , a young girl with spiky pink hair and a bright smile . 
 i checked in and said i had an appointment with dr brandon . 
 she giggled and said `` do you know what he said when he saw your name on the list ? 
 iris , the english rose . 
 he 's ever so funny . '' 
 guessing that she might not be over-concerned about professional confidentiality , i said impulsively `` there was a woman called storm who used to work here , did you know her at all ? '' 
 `` oh , is that the one who died ? 
 who used to be the cleaner at the other clinic ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` it was ever so sad , was n't it , but she did have some mental health problems , she was on drugs and there was something else too ... they wanted a psych assessment for some french disease ... clambolt or some name like that ... oh , i probably should n't be telling you all this should i ? 
 i 'm new here you see . '' 
 mark appeared at that moment to call me into the consulting room . 
 although his outward manner was more friendly and relaxed than on my previous visit , i noticed the slight tremor of his hands and wondered if he felt as nervous as i did . 
 `` so how are things going , my dear ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no better . 
 my symptoms are still just the same . '' 
 `` it 's very early days for a response to the medication , you know . 
 still , we 'd better make a thorough examination this time . 
 slip your things off and lie up on the couch . '' 
 the thought of him examining me clinically , with the same hands that had once touched my body in a different way back in what seemed like another lifetime , was now quite repellent . 
 i said `` i 'd prefer to see a specialist . '' 
 `` certainly my dear , if you prefer . 
 i 'll arrange it today . 
 but meanwhile -- as you may have to wait till after christmas for an appointment -- how about that pain in your tummy ? '' 
 `` i 'm still getting it . '' 
 `` we 'd better give you something stronger then . 
 did you bring the old tablets back ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` naughty girl . 
 we ca n't have you hoarding up these things . 
 but i 'll give you a stronger prescription , and i want to see you in a week 's time and i can collect any that you have n't used . '' 
 he was playing straight into my hands . 
 my heart raced as i spoke my planned words of confrontation . 
 `` is that what you say to all your patients ? '' 
 he was visibly shaken . 
 he said `` my dear girl , whatever are you talking about ? '' 
 `` dr brandon , i believe you 've been prescribing an excess of controlled drugs for people who do n't need them and then taking them back for your own use . '' 
 i was quaking inside but my voice sounded remarkably calm and strong . 
 there was a pause . 
 then he looked into my eyes and said `` you can still call me mark , you know . '' 
 the pretense was over . 
 after what seemed a very long silence , he said gently `` iris , please come and see me later on today , at my home . 
 we shall be more comfortable and have more time , and i shall explain the whole situation to you , and hope for your understanding . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 he asked `` you will come ? '' 
 i gave a noncommittal nod . 
 `` good girl . 
 six o’clock ? 
 here 's the address . '' 
 he handed me a card . 
 `` my wife will be out at an arts committee meeting , so you and i can have a glass of wine together , and i can tell you exactly how things stand . 
 meanwhile , iris -- i hope you wo n't feel the need to tell anyone else about all this -- promise me , please . '' 
 i left without answering , ignoring the receptionist as i hurried out into the brightly sunlit street . 
 i forced myself to keep on walking , although i felt as if i might be going to faint , and when i got to a cafe i went in . 
 as i ordered my flat white at the counter i realized that i had not paid for the consultation , such as it was , but i had no intention of going back . 
 should i accept mark 's invitation , rather than reporting him to the police or the medical authorities ? 
 i wished i could talk to someone who understood the local system and could advise . 
 i had already been enough trouble to georgina , and in view of what had happened to her husband it seemed insensitive to involve her at this stage . 
 i decided to go and see cosmo . 
 although georgina 's husband had , of course , been his father and so he too had an emotional involvement in the case , i thought he would know what do . 
 i had the card with the address of the veterinary clinic in my bag . 
 the girl at the cafe counter told me it was quite a walk , but revived by the coffee i set off in the direction she indicated . 
 the suburban streets seemed very long , and there was no shade from the sun , so by the time i reached my destination i had just about reached the limit of my endurance and again felt faint . 
 i staggered into the building and asked to speak to cosmo . 
 `` he 's with a patient , '' said the vet nurse on reception , `` but you can wait if you like . '' 
 thankfully i sat down in the waiting area . 
 i still felt most peculiar , with tingling in my feet and mixed emotions from my recent encounter with mark swirling around in my head . 
 trying to distract my thoughts , i picked up a magazine which lay open at the puzzles page , and made myself focus on the crossword . 
 the first clue read `` drink upset lamed one -lrb- 8 -rrb- '' and rather to my surprise the answer `` lemonade '' came to me in a flash . 
 i could not do any other clues , in fact i could hardly read them because the print was blurred before my eyes . 
 then a door opened , a large dog came out pulling his owner , and behind them was cosmo . 
 `` hey iris , what are you doing here ? 
 i was just about to phone you . 
 they 've got a diagnosis on perpetua and they think she 'll be ok ... `` i stood up too fast , and i think i said `` thank god , '' before i collapsed . 
 i came round to find myself lying on a couch , presumably the operating table for the animals , and the vet nurse wiping my forehead with a cold flannel and proffering a glass of water . 
 `` are you ok ? 
 do you want us to call an ambulance ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm alright . '' 
 i was determined to see through what i had started . 
 `` just the heat i expect . '' 
 `` yes , probably . '' 
 `` cosmo was quite worried about you , but he had to go out to an emergency . 
 he said you 're to wait here and he 'll drive you home . '' 
 i looked at my watch : 5.45 p.m. `` do n't worry . 
 i need to go to another appointment and i can get a taxi . '' 
 `` ok , if you 're sure you 're alright . 
 i 'll call the taxi for you -- what address are you going to ? '' 
 i found mark 's card in my pocket and showed it to her . 
 his house was a large wooden villa on a cliff top , set in a well-kept garden overlooking the sea . 
 in the sitting-room , full of fine pictures and ornaments , one particular object caught my eye : a ceramic jar with a blue and yellow pattern , twin of the one which had belonged to storm . 
 he poured me a glass of wine and said , quietly and without preliminaries , `` myra , my wife , is a narcotic addict . '' 
 without looking directly at me , nor seeking a response , he continued talking in a serious tone i had never heard from him before . 
 `` when i first met myra -- a few years before i met you -- she was unusually beautiful , intelligent and cultured . 
 indeed , she still retains all of those qualities for me and i still love her . 
 if i did n't , despite her considerable wealth , i would have left her a long time ago . 
 `` she was training to be a ballet dancer in london . 
 she had the elegance , the dedication and the iron discipline which that life requires -- to an excessive degree . 
 she became anorexic . 
 anorexia nervosa -- and the other eating disorders -- are common among students of ballet . 
 she was totally obsessed with three things -- her diet , her weight and her work . 
 `` god knows where she got the energy but she kept on and on dancing . 
 then she suffered an accident . 
 faint from lack of food , low blood pressure , body exhausted but mind refusing to give in . 
 her bones were thin because of the illness -- osteoporosis at the age of 25 . 
 and when she fell she sustained a very nasty fracture of the tibia -- the lower leg . 
 `` it did n't heal properly , needed surgery and got infected . 
 the anorexia had weakened her immune system . 
 she suffered a lot of pain , as a result of which she got started on pethidine . 
 `` myra was never able to dance again . 
 i think it broke her heart , though she had too much self-control to say so . 
 she turned her energies to another field of art , the study of ceramics , but i do n't believe that fulfilled her in the same way . 
 maybe nothing would have done -- the illness had become so ingrained . '' 
 `` being married to a chronic anorexic was n't easy for me ... the obsessional rituals , the excessive self-discipline and self-denial , periods of depression . 
 because we no longer had any sex life , i was forced to look elsewhere . 
 and , of course , we had no children . 
 i would have liked children . 
 `` the drugs which she started on for pain relief , and to some extent alcohol also , i think provided myra with some degree of escape from her mental prison , the continual self-criticism and rigidity of outlook ... and obviously she became physically addicted to them . '' 
 i was horrified by the story , starting to feel empathy and pity both for mark , and for the woman i had disliked so much . 
 `` was n't there any treatment that could help ? '' 
 `` these conditions are very difficult to treat . 
 especially when they 've become chronic , and the patient fundamentally does not want to be treated . 
 and there 's still a stigma ... especially for a man in my professional position . 
 the easiest course , rightly or wrongly , was for me to obtain the drugs for her myself in various ways . 
 this caused a certain amount of trouble for me at times and i had to make a somewhat sudden departure from several hospitals in england , including the one where you and i first met . 
 eventually i decided to come to new zealand to make a new start . 
 `` then , as you may know , that wretched woman storm discovered my whereabouts and persuaded my previous practice manager to give her a job cleaning the surgery . 
 and she started to make my life hell . 
 a sad case , of course , probably de clerambault 's syndrome . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` a psychiatric condition in which a person -- usually a female -- becomes deluded that another person -- usually , a man of higher social status than herself -- is passionately in love with her . 
 in reality , of course , the poor creature holds no attraction whatsoever for the man concerned . '' 
 `` but i think you did ... pay storm some attention . '' 
 `` oh , not very seriously . 
 i gave her a couple of presents , just trying to be kind . 
 and it was quite interesting to observe her psychopathology ... whether she had asperger 's syndrome or paranoid psychosis or was simply a rather gauche girl with an inadequate personality i was frankly never able to decide . 
 in any case she was certainly sliding down the social scale , as the psychiatrists would say . '' 
 a callous arrogance had come into his tone , and i felt my sympathy fading . 
 he said in a conciliatory way `` well , dear iris , now you know the whole truth and nothing but the truth . 
 i hope you do n't blame me too much , and will not do anything to make my life more difficult than it is already . '' 
 then he refilled my wine glass and his voice softened as he said `` you 've kept your pretty figure , have n't you ? 
 you 're still an attractive woman and who knows what the future might hold for you and i ? '' 
 our eyes met and , against my will , i felt a faint spark of the old passion flash between us , like a candle flame flickering before it dies . 
 but then it was gone for ever -- gone , at least , as far as i was concerned . 
 i felt sick and faint again and wished i had not drunk the wine . 
 as mark was reaching out his arms to embrace me i pulled away and stumbled outside and before i collapsed again i saw that cosmo and francis were hurrying up the garden path . 
 chapter 15 diagnosis i was dimly aware of going on a car journey , lying on the back seat under a blanket which smelled of dog , but my next clear memory is of being with cosmo and francis in the emergency reception area of a hospital . 
 `` feeling better ? ' 
 asked cosmo . 
 `` better than i was . 
 i do n't really remember what happened . '' 
 `` some kind of faint or fit . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 frightening possibilities loomed up in my mind . 
 all i could say was `` i do n't know what 's wrong with me . '' 
 `` well , let 's hope they can sort you out here . 
 i certainly would n't rely on that quack emby to make a diagnosis . 
 i do n't know what the hell you were doing at his home . '' 
 `` how did you know i was there ? '' 
 `` our clinic nurse said she 'd called a taxi for you and remembered the address . 
 we were pretty worried so we came to check you were ok . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 the events of the afternoon were filtering back into my consciousness and i asked `` where 's perpetua ? '' 
 `` still in hospital . 
 being treated for lead poisoning . 
 had she been licking old paint or something ? '' 
 before i could answer , francis said `` iris has got that too . 
 open your mouth ! '' 
 lacking the energy to resist the precocious boy , i obeyed . 
 francis crowed with triumph . 
 `` she 's got blue gums like i told you ! '' 
 cosmo intervened . 
 `` mind if i look , iris ? '' 
 i nodded dumbly , and leaned back as if in the dentist 's chair , oblivious of the stares from other patients in the waiting room . 
 `` he 's right as usual ! '' 
 said cosmo . 
 i closed my mouth and asked `` what do you mean ? '' 
 cosmo said `` you 've got a narrow bluish line along your gums -- both upper and lower -- it 's a clinical sign . '' 
 `` i looked it up on the web ! '' 
 francis interrupted . 
 i asked `` a sign of what ? '' 
 cosmo said `` lead poisoning . 
 like perpetua , though her case was more acute . 
 you 'll need a blood test to confirm it but i think it could account for a lot of those symptoms you 've had . 
 the question is where did the two of you get it from ? '' 
 francis answered `` i know that as well ! 
 it 's from that old jar . 
 it 's an apothecary 's jar . 
 they used them to make syrups of cowslips and coltsfeet . '' 
 `` coltsfoot , '' cosmo corrected him . 
 francis went on `` the website said lead gets leached out of glazed vessels by acid fluids such as whisky , cider , lemon juice and coffee . '' 
 lemonade . 
 drink upset lamed one -lrb- 8 -rrb- . 
 `` perpetua was n't drinking any of those , was she ? '' 
 asked cosmo asked me . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 francis said `` but you gave her that bowl i made . 
 you 'd painted it up in grandpa 's studio -- flake white and carmine red . '' 
 `` ok , so now we 've made your diagnosis ourselves , we wo n't need to wait in here all night , '' said cosmo . 
 then `` do n't look so worried , iris , only joking . 
 we 'll stay here with you as long as it takes . '' 
 in fact i did not have to wait too much longer before being called in to a consulting room , and while cosmo and francis went off to get something to eat , a young doctor came in to take my medical history and this time i held nothing back . 
 he was another friendly but bluntly-spoken new zealander , and some aspects of my story seemed to make him quite angry . 
 `` it 's beyond belief that a gp would prescribe those drugs without testing you for recurrent lymphoma . '' 
 in mark 's defense i said that i had n't told him about the lymphoma nor wanted any tests -- and that even if the disease had come back i 'd decided not to have any more treatment for it . 
 this made the young doctor angrier still . 
 `` that 's not a good attitude . '' 
 to my surprise i found myself thinking perhaps he was right . 
 he went on `` anyway , lead poisoning would be better than lymphoma so let 's hope that 's what you 've got . 
 we 're going to keep you in and run some tests . '' 
 cosmo and francis insisted on staying on for the two hours it took to find a bed for me , and then another hour waiting for a porter to take me up in the lifts to the ward . 
 it must have been after midnight by the time i was admitted , so tired that despite the loud snoring of the large woman on one side of me and the confused muttering of the elderly one opposite , i soon fell asleep . 
 a few hours later , woken far too early by the surrounding noise and bustle , i saw that i was in a four-bedded bay high up in the building and through the window was a splendid view of the sea . 
 the tests found no sign of lymphoma , but confirmed francis 's diagnosis of lead poisoning , with blood lead concentrations in the `` encephalopathogenic range '' which probably explains why i do n't remember very much about the time i spent in hospital having intravenous chelation therapy , amid the continual coming and going of other patients of all different ages , nationalities , shapes and sizes , and with a variety of health problems : a stroke , an infected cat bite , a fractured shoulder , an adverse drug reaction . 
 cosmo came to see me a couple of times when he was not too busy at the clinic , and one day he passed on some information he had obtained from his contact in the coroner 's office ; the toxicology tests on storm 's body had shown that she too had a high level of lead in her blood . 
 cosmo also told me that perpetua had fully recovered both from the lead poisoning and from her subsequent desexing operation , and was now back home , settled into the main house with georgina . 
 i knew that the flat would feel lonely without her , but supposed it was for the best , because before too long i would have to be going back to england and could not take the little cat . 
 my visa would soon expire , my funds would soon be used up , and my visit had served its purpose . 
 all the loose ends were tied up now -- or were they ? 
 chapter 16 the preview home at the flat -- for it did seem like home now -- the blue and yellow jar had been placed in the middle of the table and filled with roses . 
 propped against it was a note which read `` do n't drink the water . 
 francis '' . 
 there was also a letter waiting on the table , the envelope addressed to me in elegant handwritten ink . 
 inside was a thick white card embossed with silver , requesting the pleasure of my company for drinks and a preview of a display of `` fine arts '' to be held a few days later in the garden of the home of mrs myra ava brandon . 
 i was most surprised to receive this invitation , and vaguely disturbed , although i no longer felt any strong emotion towards mark or his wife . 
 i could simply ignore it and maybe that would be the best thing to do . 
 but perhaps it was meant as a gesture of friendship and my curiosity , combined with a sense of something still unfinished , persuaded me to rsvp an acceptance . 
 i had nothing very smart to wear , and it was on a last-minute impulse that i put on the red and black dress which had belonged to storm , and the pair of high-heeled sandals which i found in her cupboard . 
 i must have looked fairly conspicuous on the bus ride up the coastal road , but i did n't care about that . 
 it was a beautiful evening and the brilliant red blossoms of the big pohutakawas -- the new zealand christmas trees -- made a blaze of color against the blue of the sea . 
 how strange it would be , having christmas in the summer . 
 warm evening sunshine filtering through the trees and shimmering on the distant sea bestowed an air of enchantment upon the brandons ' garden . 
 i wandered under bowers , across green lawns , over wooden walkways . 
 the exhibits , including a stone fish , a ceramic birdbath , and a venus-like torso made of wood , were artfully placed around the site . 
 there were very few other guests present , and i recognized nobody until i saw mark approaching me . 
 he came up rather too close and said `` welcome , iris . 
 myra has been called away for a short while , but come inside and have a glass of wine . '' 
 i had a sense of foreboding that things i thought were over were about to be stirred up again , but i let him take my arm and guide me towards the house . 
 after all , though it was hard to believe we had ever been lovers and we could certainly never be friends , perhaps he wanted to take this chance to apologize so that we could part on civilized terms . 
 we went into a different room than before , a sort of a conservatory containing several potted plants , an array of wine bottles and glasses , and a further selection of artifacts . 
 handing me a glass of sauvignon blanc , mark said `` you look especially fetching tonight , iris . '' 
 not knowing what to say i looked around in the vain hope that some other guests would have wandered in to get their drinks , but there were only the two of us in the room . 
 it had been a mistake to come . 
 when mark continued in a darker tone `` but i was disappointed to hear you 've been telling tales about me at the hospital , '' i said `` excuse me , '' put down my glass and blundered out . 
 not caring how undignified i looked , i hurried away through the garden , teetering on my high heels . 
 there was a taxi in the road , delivering more guests to the preview . 
 i ran up to it and asked the driver to take me home . 
 walking back through the garden of bay house , i almost collided with a woman who was hurrying towards me . 
 it was myra , and in her arms she was clutching storm 's blue and yellow jar . 
 both of us stopped in our tracks and for what seemed a long time , but was probably just a few seconds , we glared at each other like two tomcats in disputed territory . 
 then she accosted me as if i was the one who was intruding . 
 `` what are you doing back here at this hour ? '' 
 with my heart pounding , and my chest bathed in sweat , i managed to retort `` and what have you been doing stealing from my flat ? '' 
 myra replied defensively `` i consider i had a perfect right to reclaim my property . 
 you were supposed to be out attending the preview . '' 
 i snapped `` i left to get away from your husband . '' 
 myra said `` my husband has been at the root of a great deal of evil . '' 
 we looked at each other a bit longer , then she continued more calmly `` i suppose it would be reasonable to explain to you why i came here . 
 but i would find it easier over a drink . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` ok . 
 we can have a glass of wine out on the deck . '' 
 still clutching the jar , myra limped up the steps and sat down . 
 as i went inside i was further shocked to see a broken window ; myra must have forced her way in . 
 i paused to collect myself before returning outside with a bottle of pinot gris and two glasses . 
 as soon as we were sitting down with our drinks myra started to talk . 
 `` that woman who used to live here , storm , met my husband in a choir in england about twenty years ago and started hanging round him like a bitch on heat . 
 she wanted me out of the way . 
 and so one night she tried to kill me . 
 `` it was an extremely crude attempt . 
 she had gatecrashed her way into a reception i was attending . 
 it was a hot summer night and i had taken my drink out onto the balcony . 
 she followed and deliberately knocked the glass out of my hand . 
 then , pretending she was trying to help , she pushed me over the rail . 
 of course she claimed it was an accident -- and nothing could be proved . '' 
 i said `` but you survived ... that was lucky ... '' `` was it ? '' 
 she looked down at her right leg which , i saw , was thinner than the left and turned slightly inwards . 
 `` i was wearing high heeled shoes . 
 one of the heels got trapped as i fell . 
 you may say it saved my life , but a bone was badly broken and i could never dance again . 
 part of me did die because of that . '' 
 i felt sick . 
 when mark had told me about his wife 's fall , i had pictured it taking place on stage while she was dancing . 
 not like this . 
 myra continued `` it was partly to get away from storm that we decided to move to new zealand . 
 i find it quite incredible that after all these years she managed to trace my husband , to follow him all the way out here and to obtain some kind of menial job at his surgery , though i admit she was a highly intelligent person and hell-bent on getting his attention . 
 he was flattered of course . 
 i do n't know how far it went , but it would n't have been the first time he 'd been unfaithful -- i knew he 'd married me for my money rather than anything else . 
 but it was simply the last straw to realize he 'd given her the other jar . 
 same present for wife and mistress -- that in itself was bad enough and might have told me , if i did n't know already , how little he cared for either of us . 
 to add insult to injury -- and going again to prove how crassly ignorant the man is -- his failure to understand the aesthetic and monetary importance of keeping the two jars as a pair . 
 they were sicilian , probably 18th century , you realize that ? 
 at least , i suppose you do n't . 
 anyway , leaving the material value aside , maybe you can appreciate why those jars meant so much to me -- seeing them separated was like a symbol of the whole damn wreck of my marriage and of my leg and my whole damn life being broken apart -- '' myra 's voice had risen to a crescendo but then she stopped talking , gulped back the tears and drank some more wine before continuing in a quieter voice . 
 `` i tried to be civilized about the whole sordid affair . 
 i wrote to storm asking her to give the jar back to me , but she did n't even reply . 
 so then i came here to see her -- which was n't an easy step for me to take -- and i asked her in person , but the selfish bitch said no . 
 she was even using the jar to make drinks in for god 's sake . 
 i regret to say the encounter degenerated into almost a fight . 
 and , if you can credit this , she flung the jar into that wilderness of a garden down there rather than hand it over to me , thereby causing serious damage which i can now see some ignorant meddler has attempted to repair and made it even worse . '' 
 my heart lurched . 
 `` so -- this was on the day she died ? '' 
 myra snapped back vehemently `` certainly not . 
 whatever makes you say that ? 
 i do n't even know when she did die . 
 i only found out much later . 
 from you . '' 
 but her involuntary physical reactions belied the verbal denial . 
 she was shaking , still clutching the jar in her arms , her eyes staring wide , giving off a smell of fear . 
 i was frightened too . 
 i made myself breathe slowly and deeply and think through the facts as i remembered them . 
 georgina had found the jar lying in the garden about the same time as storm disappeared . 
 fantasies about what had happened crowded into my mind . 
 a quarrel between the two women -- leading to a physical fight -- storm , unsteady from her lead neuropathy and unable to see clearly , falling against the rail of the deck with its rotten wood . 
 or storm being so weakened by the poison that the skinny older woman was able to overpower her and deliberately push her over the rail ... an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , resonating with the events of so many years before on another hot night when storm and myra were drinking wine on a balcony . 
 myra , flustered now , went on in self-defense `` i 've no idea what date it was , anyway , what happened after i 'd gone is quite irrelevant . 
 there 's no mystery about the woman 's death -- all that happened was that she lost her balance and fell . 
 on drink and drugs probably . 
 she was definitely a mental case . '' 
 did she just fall , i wondered ? 
 or had myra pushed her over ? 
 i asked `` why did n't you go and pick up the jar straight away ? '' 
 myra spat with contempt . 
 `` because i was too angry . 
 and because i could n't bear to find it broken . 
 i preferred to let the silly bitch get it herself . '' 
 but storm had n't been to get it ... because , i felt increasingly sure , she had been thrown over the balcony too . 
 my mental image of what happened that night was growing more and more vivid -- two women fueled by jealousy and hatred , leading to an action replay of a night long ago in england , but with their roles reversed . 
 myra had swallowed her glass of wine and helped herself to another . 
 she was talking more and more rapidly . 
 `` well , iris -- if that 's what your name is -- whatever lurid accusations may be running through your mind , i say they are pure fantasy and slanderous to boot -- and i advise you to keep your mouth shut . 
 you have no proof of how storm died , nor the slightest prospect of getting any . '' 
 i had a sudden sense of myra as a cold and calculating evil as she went on . 
 `` and i have not the slightest regret that the wretched little slut is dead . '' 
 i too was angry now , so angry that i came to storm 's defense . 
 `` that 's not fair . 
 she was a highly talented woman -- but she was sick -- more sick than she need have been , because your husband was using her to steal drugs to give to you instead of getting her condition diagnosed and treated . '' 
 `` her health was no business of mine . 
 besides , this wonderful esoteric wicca surely had a few spells and potions to deal with any problems she might have ? 
 we do n't need women like that in this community . 
 at one time she would have been burned at the stake . '' 
 myra suddenly looked straight into my eyes with a hostile stare , and said `` you 've been damn lucky , you know , iris . 
 you may be making excuses for storm 's behavior , but let me tell you this -- from what she said to me that night , if you 're the woman i think you are , i believe she was planning to kill you too . '' 
 my heart gave a lurch and i cried out `` oh no , '' but suddenly some things made sense . 
 storm 's surprisingly warm invitation for me to come and stay with her in auckland ... and those menacing words in her diary `` she will live to regret the day she came to new zealand . 
 or not ... '' then i thought back to the previous surprising invitation she had issued to me , long ago in england -- the visit to her flat and the vile taste of the herbal tea she had made for me -- and the subsequent sickness i 'd put down to gastric flu ... could it be true ? 
 myra demanded `` well , iris , what are you going to do about all this ? 
 it 's no good going to the police because they 've finished with the case and they would n't believe your word against mine . 
 and i hardly think they 'd be very interested in the ownership of a badly mended jar which by rights belongs to me . '' 
 she was almost shrieking . 
 `` and i know more about you than you think and what would that nice landlady of yours say if she knew you 're just another of those worthless women who keep stalking my husband like bitches on heat ? '' 
 my heart lurched again with fear and anger but i kept calm and did not speak . 
 myra cried `` do you have the slightest idea of what a humiliation all this has been for me ? '' 
 suddenly she had crumpled into a broken old bag of skin and bone , her thick make-up streaked with tears . 
 she spilled some wine onto her silk dress . 
 a once proud and elegant woman , repeatedly betrayed by her husband and now reduced to stealing a cracked jar . 
 and now , perhaps , it was not being called to account for storm 's death which dismayed her so much as the prospect of being exposed as a thief . 
 sometimes it 's the smaller things which make most impact -- for myself , quite irrationally , i felt upset that my invitation to the preview had not been a gesture of friendship at all , but myra 's ploy to get me away from bay house for a few hours . 
 myra said `` i need another drink . '' 
 i watched dumbly as she , with a kind of desperate determination , repeatedly filled her glass and drank it dry , until the bottle was empty . 
 and then she looked at her watch , spat out towards me `` you 've made me late for some important guests at the preview , '' and stumbled away , half-running on her high heels , lurching down the path still clutching the jar in her arms . 
 a strange mixture of emotions churned inside me as i watched her go . 
 pity and disgust towards myra mingled with the realization of how gullible and naïve i myself had been . 
 my invitation to the preview had not been meant as an olive branch , but was designed to get me out of the way while myra broke into my flat ; i had been asked to visit storm 's home in england not to advise her on dress , but to be given some poisoned tea ; urged to stay with storm in new zealand not out of friendship , but to be killed . 
 and my affair with mark had not been driven by any grand passion on his side , but by his need to `` look elsewhere '' for sex . 
 i too felt humiliated and betrayed . 
 telling georgina about the broken window , going to the police , or taking any other action about the revelations i had heard , all seemed too hard to do that night and i would put off any decisions till tomorrow . 
 i went to bed without any supper , remembering i would need to be up early next morning because i had a follow-up appointment with tom . 
 chapter 17 star of bethlehem during the bus journey to tom 's clinic i managed to forget my troubles for a while . 
 the sun was shining , the sea a sparkling blue , gentle waves were lapping on the sandy beaches of the little bays , and the pohutakawa trees with their brilliant red blossoms shining like beacons along the route . 
 i was pleased to see tom , in the soothing atmosphere of his healing room , and to be able to tell him that i was much better . 
 i explained about the lead poisoning , choosing my words with care so as not to imply that i blamed him for missing the physical basis of my symptoms . 
 but i need not have worried , for i soon realized that his way of understanding health and sickness was based on some paradigm which was far removed from the `` medical model '' and in which physical factors played only a minor part . 
 having listened carefully to my story he said `` so yes , on the material plane , lead poisoning forms one part of the picture . '' 
 i asked him what he meant . 
 `` we can look at this at several interconnected levels . 
 the medical diagnosis , interestingly made by the psychic young son of the veterinary surgeon , accounts for many of your symptoms and has been successfully treated by the allopathic physicians . 
 but what is the symbolism here , the underlying message -- why did you develop this physical condition at this time in your life ? '' 
 `` well , i told you it was from drinking lemonade out of the ceramic jar , '' i replied . 
 but tom was thinking along different lines . 
 `` from a homeopathic viewpoint , the metal remedies are often colored by themes of defense and attack . 
 lead , plumbum metallicum , can have fears of assassination . 
 and we can also consider the symbolism of the actual jar -- which runs through the story like a leitmotif -- and its deeper significance , psychological and spiritual . '' 
 his musings sounded increasingly outlandish to me , and i asked again `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` ultimately only you can know what all this means for you , but what comes through to me is a mutual wish for reconciliation between yourself and the dead woman with whom you were once at war , and whose spirit has perhaps been endeavoring to communicate ever since her passing , through the medium of ceramic jars and cryptic clues . '' 
 he added `` after all , unless you can find meaning in an illness , the experience of suffering has been wasted as it were . '' 
 i considered this . 
 `` i do n't think it 's been wasted , exactly . 
 i mean , of course i 'm glad to have the physical diagnosis at last , and that it 's been treated and i 'm getting better ... but the psychological side has been important too . 
 it was helpful to talk through it with you and maybe , if i had n't developed the lead poisoning , i 'd never have come to see you or thought about things so much . '' 
 `` the allopaths like things neat and tidy -- if they can find a single , organic diagnosis , whether it 's lead poisoning or a brain tumor or vitamin deficiency or whatever , which accounts for all the symptoms whether they 're physical or mental ones , that 's usually thought to be best all round . 
 but then they see no reason to look at the deeper levels . '' 
 `` you mean the psychological side is still just as important ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and the spiritual one . '' 
 `` the spirit of storm ? 
 yes , i do wonder about that . 
 as if she was still around -- somehow using me , and that jar , to weave the loose ends together in some way and put things right , though it still feels unfinished somehow . '' 
 `` spirit reveals itself in myriad ways , '' said tom . 
 there was a pause and he added `` the little cat you mentioned , perpetua -- i trust she is also making a good recovery ? '' 
 `` yes , she 's fine . '' 
 `` then we can proceed to the healing session . '' 
 as before , i lay on the couch and closed my eyes and , as tom 's hands wove their way around my auric field , drifted into an altered state of consciousness in which i had a vague sense of swirling soft colors and , at one stage , the sensation of being enfolded in white feathery angels ' wings . 
 afterwards tom gave me a glass of spring water and said `` i feel that our work together is now complete . 
 it has been a pleasure to have you as a client , iris , and i wish you well for the future . '' 
 but then he added a strange afterthought . 
 `` i would like you to take another supply of one of your flower remedies , just in case a need for it might arise in the next few days . 
 the one called star of bethlehem , which provides comfort in the event of shock or grief . '' 
 this sounded ominous , but i did not ask any more questions while he made up the bottle . 
 when i got back home , and went to tell georgina about the broken window , i found her talking with two police officers . 
 apparently myra was dead . 
 the police had found out about her visit to bay house because an irate motorist had phoned them the previous evening to report the number of her car , which had been parked in the street nearby . 
 she had allegedly driven it off without looking , hit another vehicle , and instead of stopping to inspect the damage had speeded away in erratic fashion on the wrong side of the road . 
 early next morning , some walkers had seen a car of the same description smashed on the rocks below north head . 
 myra 's body was found inside . 
 apparently she had never returned home for the preview but driven up the hill , off the road and over the grass , and plunged over the cliff . 
 she had almost certainly been instantly killed . 
 i started shaking after hearing the story , and i saw georgina dabbing her eyes . 
 one police officer suggested we might both like some tea , and i remembered to put a few drops of star of bethlehem into each cup . 
 between us , georgina and i related how myra had repeatedly visited the flat and finally broken into it , apparently determined to obtain the blue and yellow jar which had belonged to the previous tenant . 
 i imagined the jar now cracked into tiny pieces scattered inside myra 's wrecked car . 
 the police officers were not the same ones who had visited after storm 's death , and the fact that the previous tenant had also died an unnatural death was not brought up . 
 our story sounded bizarre enough all the same , and when one of them suggested that myra had committed suicide because of alcohol and mental health issues , we all agreed that was probably the case . 
 the local newspaper did not report details of myra 's death , but the following week 's edition contained a small paragraph saying that , following the recent tragic loss of his wife , local gp dr everard marquis brandon would be closing his practice and leaving new zealand . 
 chapter 18 plum jam on christmas eve , georgina asked me to accompany her to midnight mass at the cathedral in auckland city . 
 `` it 's hard for me to go alone because of my eyesight , '' she said , adding `` cosmo used to take me but i 'm afraid he 's lost his faith . '' 
 we travelled over from devonport on the ferry and arrived early to find an expectant crowd already gathered in the cathedral , which was filled with the scent of incense and flowers . 
 georgina lit a candle in the lady chapel for peter ; i lit two candles , one for storm and one for myra . 
 the celebrations began with a carol service . 
 then at midnight the formal liturgy started with the singing of adeste fidelis and the entry of the formal procession , the bishop and priests in white and gold vestments and the choristers in bright red robes . 
 it was a far more colorful , dramatic and emotional ceremony than the restrained church of england services i had known before and , uplifted by the sense of faith and joy which radiated from the packed congregation , there were moments when i could almost imagine a flock of angels watching overhead . 
 the playing of the organ and the singing of the choir , culminating in a vibrant rendering of the hallelujah chorus , sounded beautiful and i decided that when i returned to england i would join a choir again . 
 we returned home by taxi and were not in bed till after 2 a.m. i slept in late next day , but when i went over to the main house i found that georgina had already been busy for some hours , cooking a traditional lunch of roast turkey and plum pudding . 
 she told me that she always kept up the english traditions over christmas , even if it was the middle of the summer in new zealand . 
 it was indeed a very hot day and after lunch i went swimming for the first time since my illness , with cosmo and francis on cheltenham beach . 
 on boxing day georgina said `` well , now that our dead are well and truly laid to rest , it 's about time we cleared out the studio . 
 give anything worth keeping to the charity shop , but better throw out all those old paints . '' 
 cosmo said `` i 've already done that . 
 as soon as we knew about the lead poisoning . '' 
 `` oh dear , '' said georgina . 
 `` i should have dealt with it myself long ago . 
 it would have spared you and perpetua good deal of suffering , iris , and i do feel guilty about that . 
 i hope you can forgive me . '' 
 `` of course i forgive you . '' 
 georgina was not a kissing type of person but i gave her a quick hug . 
 though i was not sure how much she knew , or had guessed , about my story i added `` you once said to me that forgiveness is very important . 
 and i understand that now . '' 
 for the memories of all that had happened with mark and storm and myra no longer held power over me . 
 there was a slightly embarrassed silence and then i said `` i shall have to be going back to england soon . '' 
 georgina replied `` i advise you to stay here at least one more month , and have a proper holiday now you 're feeling so much better . 
 enjoy the summer weather and recoup your strength . '' 
 i accepted with pleasure , resolving to visit some of the tourist attractions which i had not seen yet , and also to give georgina more help in the garden . 
 the opportunity to do that presented immediately when cosmo said `` what about picking those plums ? '' 
 `` good idea , '' said georgina . 
 `` you 'll need to put some old clothes on , iris , before going down through that jungle . 
 and stout shoes and a decent sunhat . '' 
 i knew there was nothing to be frightened of , but back in the flat i took my time over getting changed , reluctant to revisit the place where storm had died . 
 i had not ventured down there since the night when her body was found , and as far as i knew no-one else had either . 
 the area had been left to go wild . 
 with a sense of déjà vu i cautiously made my way down the steep bank , overgrown with the tangled stems of the old roses , now covered in dead flowers . 
 i tried to avert my gaze from the rosa gallica bush , but then sensed a rustling from beneath it and was arrested by a sudden stab of fear . 
 but it was only perpetua , disturbed from her sleep by spot who was bounding up the garden to meet me . 
 i saw cosmo and francis down at the bottom by the old tree , which was laden with purple plums , and felt myself relax and forget about the shadows of the past . 
 `` hope you can make decent jam , '' said cosmo to me . 
 francis , who was climbing into the upper branches , added `` i like crumble best . '' 
 besides eating a large number of the juicy raw fruit , we picked three bucketfuls to take up to georgina 's kitchen , and later on i made both plum crumble and plum jam . 
 an ordinary , happy domestic day . 
 during that hot sunny january i visited the museum , art gallery , waiheke island and rangitoto ; went swimming nearly every day ; and completed my series of rose paintings in watercolor . 
 i was quite pleased with them , however critical the verdict from poor old miss peacock might have been . 
 then in february i set off back to england . 
 it was hard leaving bay house and those i had come to regard as my new zealand family : georgina , cosmo , francis , perpetua and spot . 
 cosmo offered to drive me to the airport but , since he had already done so much for me and seemed so heavily occupied with his work , i only accepted a lift as far as the devonport ferry . 
 i would have rather liked a more affectionate farewell than a quick kiss on the cheek and the words `` come back next year and make us some more plum jam . '' 
 but then , perhaps neither of us were quite ready to take our relationship further . 
 with three hours to wait at the airport i found myself thinking all sorts of things about the past , and the future , but remembering how tom had once advised me to `` relax into the present moment and surrender to the flow of the universe , '' i got myself a glass of chardonnay and turned to the puzzle page of my newspaper . 
 the first crossword clue was `` clemency muddled verses of gin -lrb- 11 -rrb- '' . 
 the answer was obvious : forgiveness . 
 but i could n't do any of the other clues . 
 perhaps this was to be the last message which storm 's anagram-solving spirit would leave me before it moved on from the astral plane . 
 about the author formerly a medical doctor in england , jennifer barraclough now lives in new zealand . 
 her interests besides writing are choral singing , animal welfare and holistic medicine . 
 carmen 's roses is the first in her series of interlinked novellas , which continues with blue moon for bombers and finishes with the windflower vibration . 
 she has also written a number of books on medical subjects . 
 to receive occasional updates about future publications from jennifer , and receive a free copy of the smashwords version of blue moon for bombers , please sign up through this link : http://eepurl.com/325yj . 
