 the stonecutter scott blade also by scott blade www.scottblade.com get jack reacher series gone forever winter territory foreign & domestic s.lasher & associates series cut & dry other novels the secret of lions s.lasher & associates : the stonecutter a lawyer making a killing . 
 scott blade a black lion , llc , november 2011 . 
 first edition copyright 2011 by scott blade www.scottblade.com all rights reserved . 
 published in the united states by black lion , llc . 
 black lion is trademarked . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 this novel is the intellectual property of the author and publishers . 
 reproduction of the novel without the author 's direct permission is prohibited . 
 all rights reserved . 
 for joe & gizmo . 
 thank you for believing in me . 
 contents chapter 1 : the associate chapter 2 : the creator of me chapter 3 : wounds run deep chapter 4 : suspect chapter 5 : lawyering up chapter 6 : partnerships chapter 7 : enemies close chapter 8 : tag chapter 9 : buried past chapter 10 : final verdict about author more books by scott blade 1 the associate `` when this monster entered my brain , i will never know , but it is here to stay . 
 how does one cure himself ? 
 i ca n't stop it , the monster goes on , and hurts me as well as society . '' 
 -- -- denis radar , the btk killer . 
 | | | | | `` my client did n't bash in those boys ' heads with a sledge hammer , '' we said . 
 `` paul verize is a world class history professor and an upstanding citizen . 
 sure he is a quiet man , but that does n't mean that he killed those college kids , '' shane said , using a fake virginia drawl . 
 it would vanish as soon as he left the courtroom . 
 the jury was mostly conservative , rural virginians who did n't read the new york times . 
 they did n't fit into the washington crowd that shane was a part of . 
 det. blake gabbs , the prosecution 's final breath , sat on the stand , quivering . 
 he gave a weak testimony . 
 the detective cowered in the witness box . 
 he knew that the case was already won . 
 shane was a good attorney . 
 `` mr. gabbs , '' shane said . 
 calling him ` mister ' instead of ` detective ' , made him sound lesser . 
 it demoted him . 
 `` my client is being erroneously accused of bludgeoning three college students with a sledge hammer . '' 
 although , we already knew the truth ; the number was n't three it was eleven . 
 eleven dead kids who trusted the wrong teacher . 
 `` your honor , mr. lasher needs to refer to the witness as detective . 
 that is his title , '' the local prosecutor said . 
 we are going to use the sledge hammer on him , metaphorically of course , to smash his case to bits . 
 if i went around bashing everyone 's head in with a hammer , like i imagined , then we would 've gotten caught by now , and the last thing that shane or i wanted was to get caught . 
 i would never wear an orange jumpsuit . 
 i would kill us first . 
 shane is me and i am shane . 
 before the judge responded , shane corrected . 
 `` detective , '' he said . 
 `` where is this murder weapon now ? '' 
 `` well ... uh ... that 's the thing , mr. lasher . 
 uh . 
 we have misplaced it . '' 
 a sudden wave of mixed voices washed , like a tidal wave of blood , over the jury box and the entire courtroom . 
 `` i 'm sorry , detective gabbs , '' shane said . 
 `` did you just tell the members of this courtroom that the damning , most tangible piece of evidence that the d.a. has against my client , dr. verize , an upstanding college professor , is missing ? '' 
 `` yes , it is missing , '' det. gabbs said , sounding like the snake to my mongoose . 
 he squirmed on the bench . 
 my sharp , killer instincts sensed the gasping expressions on the twelve faces of the jurors . 
 shane turned around to face the prosecutor ; he could n't bear to miss the expression on his face . 
 the prosecutor furrowed his eyebrows and rubbed his face with his thumb . 
 he did it so harshly ; i thought he might rub off his entire face , revealing the shiny , wet muscle tissue beneath as it contorted into the expression of utter defeat . 
 that would have been sublime . 
 shane walked causally toward the defense 's table , where his client sat calmly . 
 he knew that shane was the right guy to defend him from the first moment that we had stepped into his jail cell several months earlier and he should have known . 
 in fact , i bet that when we stepped into his jail cell that cold night all of those months ago , it had made him feel the proverbial butterflies in his stomach . 
 in his case they were n't butterflies , more like moths . 
 shane put his hands on the table in front of his defendant . 
 he leaned in close . 
 the jury followed his movements as if he were about to share something pertinent with paul verize , some vital information that they needed to know . 
 it appeared as though shane had a secret . 
 and he did , but it was n't a secret that they would have ever suspected . 
 it was a dark , twisted secret . 
 i was that secret . 
 shane and i thought obsessively about the sledge hammer , the beautiful instrument that mr. verize used in those devious killings . 
 the sledge hammer had a long , metal handle . 
 in the direct center of the handle was a dark , metal ring . 
 the ring connected the two long ends of the handle . 
 it could be unscrewed , turning the sledge hammer into two separate pieces of a single instrument , making it compactable and making it a dangerous weapon . 
 paul concealed it before each use , unscrewing it , hiding it , and then putting it back together . 
 the two separate pieces remained hidden in a special case that he carried in the rear of his ford escape . 
 we closed our eyes for a moment , imagining the murderous weapon . 
 its two pieces were separated and hidden , awaiting reassembly , awaiting the use of its master . 
 as the prosecution discovered only days before , the weapon had gone missing . 
 the police had filed away records and pictures of it , but none of that mattered now . 
 the prosecution knew it . 
 losing the murder weapon blew their case . 
 the missing evidence was just one more way for shane to prove how incompetent the local police force was . 
 without it there was n't much evidence left . 
 everything else that they had was circumstantial at best . 
 we were one step closer to setting our client free . 
 where did the bloody , malicious , sledge hammer go ? 
 where was it now ? 
 simple : it was disassembled and lying in wait to be used once again , by a new master . 
 shane 's master . 
 me . 
 shane opened his eyes and stared , only for a moment , at his briefcase , his kill-case . 
 the briefcase 's black , leather surface glimmered under the bright lights of the courtroom . 
 it held many truths about shane -- about us . 
 often , he used it to conceal items that we did n't want people to see . 
 in this case , it held two heavy , metal pieces that fit together to assemble a sledge hammer -- -- paul 's sledge hammer . 
 the cops did n't lose it ; shane had removed it from the evidence room . 
 it cost him several thousand dollars to simply have the room left unguarded for a short window of time . 
 this happened late one night -- the graveyard shift . 
 those guys were low paid and often disgruntled . 
 after all who wants to work the graveyard shift ? 
 luckily for us , those guys are always looking to make an extra buck . 
 normally , he would never take a chance bribing someone , especially cops , but our client faced life in prison . 
 the evidence was stacked against him . 
 they did have the murder weapon . 
 we could n't let the state win , not this time . 
 he worked on paul verize 's case too long and hard to let the justice system have him . 
 no . 
 he belonged to me and shane . 
 who was shane lasher ? 
 shane was the vessel that i resided in . 
 he was my home . 
 he was the lawyer that the jury attentively gazed their eyes upon . 
 he was the muscle tissue , organs , skin and lungs . 
 he was the bones and the brain . 
 he was the muscular , murderous vessel that i had occupied since we were born together . 
 he had no heart to speak of and that 's why i survived in him . 
 i was shane lasher , but i was more than that . 
 i was the dark , wet creature that clutched to shane 's innards . 
 sometimes , i watched shane live his life . 
 sometimes , i lived it for him . 
 that was when he took a backseat to my murderous deeds . 
 he was kind of like my hostage . 
 shane 's peers called us `` lasher the slasher '' behind his back . 
 we got this nickname because we had defended so many murderers . 
 if only they knew how much i slashed , how i loved to slash . 
 i was the slasher part . 
 i needed to slash -- -- to kill . 
 people said that if a man used 100 % of his brain then he could accomplish the impossible . 
 some believed that if we used that extra , untapped part , we would turn into complete energy . 
 serial killer 's brain patterns were different than those of regular people . 
 different parts of our brains were more active , the darker parts . 
 i lived there . 
 i operated in the darkest parts of shane 's brain . 
 i operated in the darkest parts of shane 's soul . 
 if using 100 % of our brains actually turned us into complete energy , then i was the usage at 90 % . 
 a psychologist once named me , my kind . 
 he called us the id . 
 i was the savage , animal instinct , the killer instinct . 
 i was the killer inside of shane . 
 shane lasher may not have used more than 10 % of his brain , but i did . 
 i used much more . 
 i could see things and know things that he could never have known . 
 sometimes i shared things with him . 
 sometimes i kept things to myself -- -- secrets . 
 he knew me . 
 he knew what i was , but he seldom fought me . 
 he never tried to resist me . 
 in the real estate that we shared , if he were to fight me , we would leave his mind a war-torn wasteland . 
 there would be nothing left of him except sharp , ridged brain shrapnel . 
 `` thank you for your closing arguments , mr. lasher , '' the judge said . 
 `` the jury will adjourn for a verdict . '' 
 the judge banged the gavel . 
 it reminded me of the hammer in shane 's briefcase . 
 i could n't stop thinking about it . 
 i imagined the cracking of bones beneath it . 
 i imagined what it would feel like in my grasp . 
 the jury rose from their pew and left the courtroom . 
 shane glanced over at the prosecutor , a nervous looking man . 
 shane had already won . 
 the prosecutor felt the sting before the defeat . 
 `` mr. verize , let 's go into the lobby for a bit , '' shane said to his client . 
 paul verize looked giddy . 
 he was so grateful to shane for getting him this far . 
 months ago the press covered his murder spree like it was the only thing happening in the entire world . 
 they covered it like a wildfire spreading across the nation . 
 the story doused the front pages of most every magazine and newspaper in new england . 
 they carried on about it for weeks and weeks . 
 shane remembered first reading about it . 
 at the time , he defended regular lowlifes , while we waited for the next worthy client to come along . 
 a long time passed since the last time i had my fun . 
 i was n't satisfied killing regular degenerates . 
 i preferred serial killers . 
 i longed for the hunt . 
 my mouth salivated at the thought of a new challenge . 
 paul verize was that challenge . 
 shane 's ex-lover , det. sun good , captured our client . 
 of course , she was not officially put on his case . 
 the d.c. police department was male-centric . 
 they put det. gabbs on point for the `` paulverizer '' investigation . 
 that was why he sat on the stand , embarrassing an already humiliated police department . 
 the paulverizer , i loved that nickname . 
 it fit so well . 
 it was too bad about det. sun good 's absence . 
 i knew that shane would have liked to see his ex-lover . 
 she was very sexy . 
 and on the stand he could have interrogated her . 
 why are you such a bitch ? 
 you are under oath . 
 your honor can i treat her as hostile ? 
 when the media first got wind of our client 's arrest , they began calling him the `` paulverizer '' instead of `` pulverizer '' . 
 usa today 's headline read , `` paul verize is the paulverizer ! '' 
 the new york times read , `` paul verize/pulverized ! '' 
 time magazine read , `` paulverizer caught ! 
 he is pulp ! '' 
 the wall street journal read , `` professor hammers students . '' 
 the last one was not very clever , but they printed it . 
 as it turned out , paul verize acted unintelligently when picking his victims . 
 all of the male students that he pulverized were in a fraternity that rejected him many years ago . 
 guess he took the rejection hard . 
 det. sun good discovered that the campus had a string of male students who had disappeared over the years , but no bodies were ever found . 
 at least not until paul verize grew lazy and careless -- -- something that i will never let happen to shane . 
 he actually began pulverizing students in their dorm rooms while they slept . 
 det. sun good alerted the university p.d. . 
 so they began patrolling nightly . 
 the university police captured him . 
 both shane and i got a chuckle out of the thought of a vicious serial killer being thwarted by university campus p.d. paul verize sat on a bench outside of the courtroom . 
 that giddy look lingered on his face . 
 numerous members of the press stood down the lobby , chattering . 
 they waited outside the courthouse for a statement from his client . 
 the sledgehammer waited in shane 's briefcase , quietly like a deadly viper buried in the desert sand . 
 it waited , coiled and prone to strike like two pieces of a deadly snake . 
 the briefcase weighed heavy under his powerful grip , but shane 's muscular arm held it with ease . 
 this made it appear that he held a simple briefcase filled with legal papers and nothing else . 
 no one suspected its true contents , not the cops that scrambled around the station searching for the missing hammer , and certainly not the prosecutor . 
 most of all , our client did n't suspect that we held his missing instrument . 
 shane smiled as he peered down the corridor at the hungry reporters . 
 they lay in wait like a pack of wild dogs , salivating at the chance to get their teeth into shane 's client . 
 `` shane , they are ready for us to go back in , '' ally embers said , her long , bronze legs shimmered . 
 ally embers was our brazilian assistant . 
 shane picked her because she was smart , ambitious , and the most gorgeous woman in the d.c. area . 
 shane was not interested in some kind of normal , male fantasy of having raw sex with his sexy female subordinate . 
 he liked that she was good looking . 
 it complimented his vanity . 
 my shane was a vain one . 
 having ally employed under him was about public image . 
 everywhere we took her there was a chance of being photographed by the press . 
 shane had an image to maintain , namely his own , and a sexy assistant helped portray that image . 
 `` shane , the jury is back from deliberation , '' ally repeated . 
 shane looked over at paul . 
 `` paul , let 's get you free to walk the streets once again , '' he said . 
 long enough for me to cut your body up into seven pieces , and place them into seven trash bags . 
 shane 's job was to free him from going to jail . 
 mine was to do the actual cutting and free the world of him . 
 inside the courtroom , shane stood tall and lean next to our client . 
 everyone stood at attention , while the judge entered and sat on the bench . 
 `` mr. lasher and the plaintiff please rise , '' the judge commanded , ignoring the fact that shane already was . 
 `` has the jury reached a verdict ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we have your honor , '' the foreman jurist said . 
 `` how do you plea ? '' 
 `` we the jury , find the plaintiff not guilty . '' 
 shane did not expect any other verdict from the jury . 
 ally seemed excited . 
 she clapped one single time from behind the defense 's table . 
 shane glanced over at paul verize . 
 he smirked . 
 he gets to live and kill again ; at least that was what he thought . 
 | | | | | `` shane , do n't forget your photo shoot with vanity fair is in the morning , '' ally reminded him . 
 her toned body blended her in with the lingerie models that lined the ads in vanity fair 's pages . 
 `` thank you , ally , '' shane said . 
 he glanced over at his client , who waited in the shadow , casted by a large pillar . 
 he waited for his savior to come and guide him through the media jungle . 
 `` paul , are you ready to face the press ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` yes , '' paul answered , nervously . 
 shane and paul approached the journalist . 
 the reporters were huddled at the bottom of the courthouse 's steps . 
 `` people of the media , i have a statement . 
 my client was always innocent of these heinous crimes . 
 instead of fabricating these insidious allegations against him , the local police should have been out there searching for the real `` paulverizer '' . 
 not just picking on my client for his unfortunate name . 
 thank you , '' shane said . 
 he moved over , allowing paul verize to address the media . 
 they bombarded him with questions . 
 `` mr. verize , how did you manage to get an innocent verdict ? '' 
 `` mr. verize . '' 
 `` what do you have to say to the police department for accusing you ? '' 
 `` mr. verize . '' 
 `` mr. verize . 
 over here . '' 
 `` is it true that they lost the murder weapon ? '' 
 `` mr. verize . '' 
 shane backed away from the podium and faded into the crowd , like a lion fading into the brush . 
 he allowed the media , the vultures , to have their way with paul . 
 it did n't matter anymore what they asked him . 
 he was already ours . 
 he was already free . 
 he had been proven innocent in the eyes of the law , but not in our eyes . 
 shane lifted his briefcase and walked off , vanishing into the traffic of pedestrians . 
 we melded into them , like a crocodile lying on the river floor , waiting for a lonely deer that wanted a simple drink of water . 
 instead , it found our deadly jaws . 
 | | | | | shane 's penthouse was on the roof of a very expensive apartment building which suited our needs because of its central location in washington d.c. . 
 the apartment was very modern . 
 it had four bedrooms : one was a personal office , one a home gym with very expensive equipment , one was the master bedroom , and one was empty . 
 shane 's penthouse was typical of a high-priced defense lawyer and bachelor . 
 he kept up all appearances . 
 no one suspected us of being the dark , deadly monster that we really were . 
 only shane knew about me . 
 he hid me from the public . 
 it was imperative to our survival that he kept my face hidden in the darkest corners of his body . 
 shane 's penthouse was approximately 2200 sq. feet . 
 it was neat , tidy , and clutter-free . 
 abstract paintings strategically hung on the walls . 
 it also had a yard of sorts . 
 two sliding glass doors opened up onto the roof . 
 we used the space on the roof as a backyard . 
 it had a large stainless steel barbecue grill , and some posh patio furniture , covered by a thick cloth canopy . 
 across the roof from his apartment was a smaller single-bedroom apartment . 
 to visitors , it appeared that we shared our roof-yard with the occupant of that single bedroom apartment , but we did not . 
 that apartment actually belonged to us . 
 actually , it was mine . 
 shane rented it under an alias . 
 it was where he hid most of what i do . 
 it was my gory workshop , my dark studio , my secret lair . 
 on the roof of my lair , was a large industrial chimney . 
 the chimney led to a moderately sized furnace , a must-have for any inner city serial killer . 
 we disposed of most of our victims through the furnace . 
 we did n't always make it though , and sometimes there were special circumstances that called for more creative ways of disposing of a corpse . 
 the green river killer dumped his victims in the woods -- amateurish . 
 to his credit , he did throw off the police by planting cigarette butts all over the dumpsite . 
 he picked up used butts from different public places and dropped them at his murder sites , effectively thwarting police investigations . 
 and he did n't even smoke . 
 his mistake was returning to the dumpsites . 
 he would return , often with his wife . 
 he took her too close to the decomposing bodies of his victims . 
 he was careless . 
 they had sex near his dumpsite , and he would imagine having sex with the dead prostitutes . 
 he was a sick one . 
 sex with dead bodies was n't my thing . 
 rough sex interested me . 
 regular sex was more of shane 's side of our brain . 
 his side of the brain , that small 10 % i mentioned , was where sexual transactions took place . 
 i liked the animalistic , primal side of sex . 
 kissing and foreplay was for the sheep . 
 although , i will admit that i liked the faces that women made . 
 their moans and orgasms were similar to the death rattles of our victims . 
 i liked when they screamed . 
 maybe that was what the green river killer liked so much . 
 the devil within him wanted to relive the deaths of the numerous prostitutes that he strangled until their eyes turned black . 
 ted bundy was another serial killer who had a fetish for women . 
 he would return to their bodies and have sex with them , or so shane learned in college . 
 i wish i had gotten my claws around his neck , but the florida justice system got that trophy . 
 we killed serial killers . 
 shane convinced himself that the reason why we did what we did was for justice . 
 he rationalized my existence by allowing me to kill murderers like i was just another part of natural selection . 
 to him , i was nature 's way of taking care of the trash -- a predator of predators . 
 i allowed him to believe that . 
 it gave him the false sense that he controlled us . 
 it gave him the delusion that he was my master ; that he could resist me . 
 the truth was that i killed killers because they were the most fun , the most challenging . 
 shane got off on casual sex with women . 
 i got off on the casual bloodbath of a killer . 
 watching an unsuspecting predator fight for his life in court was only second best to taking his head clean off with a sharpened hatchet . 
 ted bundy had a desire to hunt down other killers . 
 back in the eighties , he helped the police capture the green river killer . 
 apparently , they were at a loss in that case . 
 so they sent someone to ted bundy 's cell . 
 while he sat on death row , he revealed enough about his devil to help the authorities discover the green river killer 's demon . 
 teddy was dangerous to the rest of us . 
 he should have never revealed our existence to the world . 
 it was safer for me to live in a world that believed that the son of sam really was crazy enough to believe that his neighbor 's dog told him to kill . 
 really his neighbor 's dog was n't the voice of the devil . 
 it was a creature inside of him that he heard . 
 it was a voice like mine . 
 i did n't want humans to believe that i existed , that none of us did . 
 the less that humans understood about us , the safer we were . 
 shane walked through the bowels of our lair . 
 his briefcase rested near the front door . 
 paul 's hammer rested inside . 
 shane 's lair had an office . 
 it may have looked like a normal home office , but it was for a different purpose . 
 the office contained all the usual makings : a laptop , a desk , a leather chair , and a filing cabinet . 
 the filing cabinet was locked . 
 it contained files of multiple case briefs . 
 each was of a murderer or serial killer that had fallen victim to us . 
 shane approached a series of walls near a fake fireplace . 
 it was really the backside of a furnace . 
 having a fireplace doubling as a furnace was a way of hiding the furnace and its bodily contents from the neighbors . 
 not that we ever needed to explain it . 
 anyone who entered our lair was n't coming out alive anyway . 
 the walls that shane stared at were incorporated with these elaborate glass cabinets . 
 the cabinets were meant to be display cases , designed for historic weapons . 
 instead of historic weapons , they housed our trophies . 
 each of these items would have been the key evidence to gain a conviction in a murder case . 
 ordinarily , we killed killers using their own weapons against them . 
 then , we kept the weapons as trophies . 
 i could n't be without them . 
 they were my impulse . 
 they were my trophies , my souvenirs . 
 shane was against keeping them , but i had to have them . 
 most serial killers kept trophies . 
 bundy piled bodies in the same dumpsites . 
 dahmer kept body parts , including genitalia in his house . 
 i kept the murder weapon . 
 shane was against this because if we were ever caught the trophies would connect us to every murder that we committed . 
 i did n't care . 
 i needed to have them . 
 i was n't going to give them up . 
 suddenly , shane 's cell phone rang . 
 the ringtone was from a song we knew growing up by the smashing pumpkins . 
 it repeated the same song lyric over and over : there 's a killer in me . 
 there 's a killer in you . 
 shane looked at the caller id . 
 it was detective sun good . 
 he grimaced . 
 `` shane lasher , '' he answered . 
 `` good . 
 you decided to answer me , '' sun good said . 
 `` sun , how are you ? 
 is this a social call ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` the last thing i want in my mouth is the cock of a serial killer 's lawyer , '' det. sun good retorted . 
 out of all of the ex-girlfriends that shane made me refrain from killing , i liked sun good the most . 
 yet , i hated her too . 
 among her many talents that shane enjoyed , my favorite was her conversational style . 
 she had a way with words -- -- a special way . 
 she wielded words the way that i wielded sharp objects . 
 `` colorful , sun as always . 
 what do you want then ? '' 
 `` shane , shut up and listen . 
 there has been another murder . 
 we need to talk . 
 i have to locate your client . 
 it appears that he has killed again , '' she said . 
 shane almost dropped the cell phone along with his jaw . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said while trying to quickly regain his composure . 
 `` are you retarded ? 
 i said the son-of-a-bitch has struck again . 
 you got him off and now he is killing again . 
 what did you think would happen ? 
 he was just going to stop ? '' 
 the only sense of shock greater than shane 's was my own . 
 i was surprised , and nothing ever surprised me . 
 i was a creature of ample astuteness . 
 i 'm not sure how i missed this . 
 i thought that even a nitwit like paul verize would wait awhile after his verdict before he started to pulverizing kids again . 
 besides , i had his hammer . 
 he must have bought a new one or he had a hidden one someplace , a backup weapon . 
 shane saw him only hours ago . 
 he must have gone straight from the courthouse to the hardware store , back to the university campus , and then picked out another student to bash to bits . 
 shane felt guilty and saddened by this . 
 i could sense it . 
 sometimes , he was far more human than i realized . 
 i treaded lightly around that side of him . 
 the last thing i needed was for him to refuse , fight , or disobey me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sun . 
 i did n't think that he was that stupid , '' shane said . 
 `` he is a criminal , a killer , shane . 
 they are all stupid , '' she said . 
 `` i always thought the ones who got caught were stupid , '' shane said , trying to make light of his mistake . 
 he should have let me do what i wanted already instead of making me wait until tomorrow . 
 this was his fault , and he felt it . 
 we had to act fast . 
 guilt was a dangerous thing . 
 guilt could consume and change a man . 
 it could corrupt his nature . 
 it could make him turn on me . 
 i had to stop it . 
 i could never allow guilt to seep too far into his brain . 
 `` shane the dumbest ones are the ones who have n't gotten caught . 
 they are dumb enough to think that they will get away . '' 
 interesting , shane thought . 
 he looked up at his reflection in the glass case that displayed our kill trophies . 
 shane viewed me as the devil that he needed to feed . 
 sometimes , when shane looked in the mirror , he stared at me . 
 he could see my ghastly eyes and beastly features protruding through his own . 
 `` shane , i need you to make sure that he does n't go anywhere . 
 i will be by your office first thing in the morning . 
 right now we are still at the crime scene , but i know that they are going to ask me to come see you and your client . 
 i ca n't disclose any more details . 
 i just wanted you to be aware that tomorrow you will have to assist us , '' sun good said . 
 abruptly , she hung the phone up . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 shane said . 
 i remained calm . 
 it was a minor setback , nothing for shane to get upset about . 
 we had to move up the schedule . 
 that was all . 
 shane peered out of the window . 
 perfect views of the city surrounded our penthouse . 
 the sun set behind the white house . 
 nightfall came over the city like an invitation for me to come out and play . 
 shane would step aside . 
 he faded back into his body so that i could rise to the surface . 
 in a few hours the moon would be out . 
 the time to hunt drew near . 
 moments after shane 's transformation was completed , i stepped out of his apartment building . 
 i walked towards the metro and rode it out of the city , toward paul verize 's neighborhood . 
 `` paulverizer , i am coming for you , '' i whispered . 
 | | | | | shane was not here . 
 this was the part where i took over . 
 this was my part , my role to play . 
 the human known as shane lasher was a vanishing smoke . 
 he would return when i exhaled . 
 i rode the metro out of the city towards paul verize 's house . 
 after getting off i made sure to take a taxi into a nearby neighborhood , but not directly to his house . 
 shane represented this man for months . 
 we knew everything about him . 
 i knew that he lived alone . 
 i knew that he drove a ford escape with plenty of cargo room in the back for garbage bags full of body parts . 
 i was good at hiding bodies . 
 i was good at a lot of things . 
 being a serial killer living in an urban area , such as d.c. , was a challenge , but not impossible . 
 many of the greats survived in urban areas , like jack the ripper or the zodiac . 
 urban areas posed more problems because of the lack of privacy , but it also provided more camouflage . 
 perhaps , someday i would retire to a small western town . 
 it was much easier to kill with privacy in a place like that . 
 people went missing all of the time in the old west . 
 i was the creature that hid inside of shane 's body . 
 he was a young and attractive celebrity lawyer living in a town full of celebrities with law degrees . 
 in the whitest city in the world , lived the darkest creature -- me . 
 my home was only blocks from the white house . 
 my home was the blackest house . 
 i found numerous ways of disposing of bodies . 
 we often had to be creative in this matter , thus employing different methods of disposal such as : the furnace , burial , or sometimes the ocean . 
 in a past client 's case , i cut up his body parts and drove them to the airport . 
 i left his car in long-term parking and took shane 's car that we stashed down the street days earlier . 
 then i drove him to our penthouse and took him to our incinerator . 
 in a city this size , witnesses were everywhere . 
 still , it was easy to blend in . 
 people who lived in big cities usually ignored everyone else . 
 i made good use of this . 
 in d.c. , everyone was so busy shuffling along in their own little lives that they rarely stopped to notice anyone else . 
 they never stopped to notice that a serial killer lived next door . 
 the cab pulled up to the curb . 
 i slipped him a twenty and stepped onto the sidewalk . 
 using shane 's muscular arm , i lifted the heavy briefcase out of the cab and walked down the professor 's street . 
 the tail of shane 's black armani half-trench coat flapped behind me . 
 i walked to visit the paulverizer . 
 i walked to vengeance , to murder , to fun . 
 | | | | | dr. paul verize lived in a nice house on a nice street . 
 drunkenly , he parked his ford escape in the driveway and cut the engine off . 
 he got out , forgetting the keys in the ignition . 
 he left the cabin lights on as well . 
 he stumbled to the front door . 
 at the door , he fumbled around in his pocket for the keys . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 he cursed . 
 then he drunkenly , muttered , `` i forgot 'em . '' 
 he turned back towards his car and saw that the cabin lights were still on . 
 he stumbled about and pressed his hand against his front door to balance himself . 
 the pressure from his hand pushed the door ajar . 
 it was unlocked . 
 forgetting about his keys , paul was more curious as to why his front door was unlocked . 
 he was positive that he locked it before he went out to celebrate his victory in court . 
 he was not the type of serial killer to be so careless . 
 suddenly , his senses sharpened and he felt less inebriated . 
 standing ready for anything , he crept into his house . 
 the door squeaked open . 
 quietly , he stood in his foyer . 
 the house was completely black . 
 nothing appeared to be disturbed . 
 the atmosphere was calm . 
 still the killer inside paul remained highly suspicious . 
 he sensed something was wrong . 
 he walked further into the depths of his own lair . 
 pictures of various trips to europe hung on the walls . 
 he crept down the hall and turned left . 
 he entered his library . 
 various dead authors littered the shelves . 
 a large , black leather sofa rested in the middle of the room . 
 an empty , brick fireplace took up the section of room across from his bookshelves . 
 paul searched the room and noticed nothing out of place . 
 he began to move back into the hallway , when he noticed that his desk lamp was on . 
 he could n't remember leaving it on . 
 then he reentered the room . 
 he moved over to the desk . 
 lying underneath the dim light was a typed index card . 
 he picked it up and began to read it . 
 it was a filing card the size of a toe tag . 
 it looked very official . 
 it read : exhibit a : stainless steel sledge hammer property of dc police department do not remove paul 's jaw dropped in utter shock . 
 it was the evidence tag for his sledge hammer ; the one piece of evidence that would have convicted him , but the police had misplaced it . 
 as paul 's eyes adjusted to the dim light covering the desk , he noticed a plane ticket lying next to the evidence tag . 
 it was a one-way ticket out of the country . 
 the ticket was for only one passenger . 
 it had his name on it . 
 it was to a south american country . 
 `` going on a trip , paul ? '' 
 a dark , unrecognizable voice said from behind him . 
 paul whipped around and came face to face with a dark figure standing tall in the doorway . 
 `` who are you ? 
 where did you get this tag ? '' 
 `` i am like you , paulverizer . 
 i am like you , '' i said . 
 paul did n't know what to do . 
 he did n't know how to react . 
 `` those boys , paul . 
 those boys trusted you , '' i said . 
 i began circling him like a lion to its prey . 
 this was my favorite part . 
 it thrilled me to confront them , to toy with them . 
 `` they scorned me ! 
 i was their fag professor ! '' 
 paul shouted . 
 he searched around the room for a weapon , but i had already removed all the would-be weapons out of his reach . 
 `` looking for something , paul ? 
 maybe something to bludgeon me with ? '' 
 `` who the hell are you ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 stepping out of the shadow , i revealed myself -- my true self . 
 paul saw it . 
 he saw me . 
 then he winced in terror . 
 i wore an armani coat , blood-red tie with a sheer black suit and a white calvin klein shirt . 
 snuggled tight to my hands was a pair of black leather driving gloves . 
 a blood-red scarf covered the lower part of my face and neck . 
 the scarf matched my tie , perfectly . 
 as the scarf and tie merged and ran down my neck , the two blended together like two red vipers during mating season . 
 the scarf made shane 's face almost unrecognizable . 
 one could not discern where one ended and the other began . 
 it protected shane 's identity . 
 the only thing that paul could see was my hair and dark , cold eyes . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` same thing that you want , paul -- blood ! '' 
 i said . 
 suddenly , paul 's eyes shot wide open . 
 slow streams of tears formed out of fear and rolled out of his eyes . 
 his fear turned into horror . 
 paul peered down the length of my arm to the dark briefcase in my hand . 
 he recognized it . 
 i held his lawyer 's briefcase . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he knew that this was shane 's body . 
 `` paul , you killed those boys . 
 i know you did . 
 just admit it . '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 i did n't . 
 shane you know that , '' he said . 
 he was desperate to claw his way out of our trap . 
 he was nothing without his hammer . 
 `` paul , did your victims beg like this ? 
 this does n't suit you . 
 here let me show you what is in my briefcase . 
 it will make you feel better , '' i said , placing the case on the arm of the sofa . 
 i reached inside and twisted the two metal objects until paul heard a familiar clicking sound . 
 slowly , i looked up and saw the terrified look in his eyes had changed into one of hope as he recognized his trusted possession . 
 i wielded in my hands his murderous sledge hammer . 
 it glimmered even in the dimly lit library . 
 it beckoned to him like a desperate mistress . 
 he gazed upon it like a severed appendage . 
 he needed to acquire it and put it on ice so that it could be reattached . 
 `` my hammer . 
 you stole it . 
 i got off because you took it from evidence room . 
 that is why i am free . 
 you saved my life , '' he cheered . 
 `` but shane , why are you here ? 
 to scare me ? '' 
 for a moment , paul was relieved . 
 he actually thought that i was his savior , his champion . 
 `` paul , i did n't free you . 
 i sentenced you ... to death ! '' 
 i shouted and raised the hammer . 
 paul flinched in terror as the hammer came down towards him . 
 i stopped it just inches from his face . 
 he nearly wet himself . 
 `` shane ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 `` paul you think that you deserve a second chance ? 
 admit to what you did ! '' 
 `` i am innocent , '' he insisted . 
 i lowered the hammer and flipped it around . 
 i grasped the head , extending the handle out to paul as a gesture to take it , to take the hammer that belonged to him . 
 `` here paul , take your hammer , '' i said , teetering the hammer 's handle inches from his face . 
 paul looked into my cold , black eyes and swiftly grabbed the handle . 
 slowly , he rose from the floor ; where he had crouched in fear . 
 he wiped the tears from his face and gripped the handle tightly . 
 he held it with both hands . 
 i could see the expression on his face completely morph . 
 he was no longer dr. paul verize , history professor . 
 he was the creature that i hunted . 
 he was the serial killer known as paulverizer . 
 `` there you are , paulverizer , '' i said . 
 `` shane , you should n't have done that . 
 you know i ca n't let you leave now . 
 just like those boys . 
 they went too far . 
 you went too far . 
 `` i appreciate what you did for me . 
 without you i would have gone to prison ... but i have to bash your brains in ! '' 
 i turned my back and slowly inched away from him . 
 paul raised the hammer high into the air . 
 he geared up for a death blow . 
 one hard whack on my head would certainly put me down . 
 `` paul , do you know anything about the sea urchin ? '' 
 i asked , interrupting his swing down on shane 's skull . 
 he stopped , still holding the hammer high above his head . 
 `` no , '' he said , puzzled . 
 `` the sea urchin is a creature that simply sits on the bottom of the sandy ocean floor . 
 it rests close to the shore in the shallows . 
 it has a shell that is covered in long spikes like darts . 
 they are thin and appear insignificant . 
 actually , they defend the urchin from predators . 
 with great potency , they cause paralysis that is almost undetectable at first . 
 the sea urchin 's sting kills a lot of people each year . 
 more than you would expect . 
 they walk through the water and step on a stinger and drop dead , '' i said . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 paulverizer asked . 
 `` ever heard of a trang com ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said , feeling unsettlingly weaker . 
 he figured that his sudden fatigue was from holding the heavy hammer . 
 `` it 's a chinese pharmaceutical company that develops the sea urchin 's poison into an instant tranquilizer , '' i said , grinning . 
 `` of course , they altered the original compound . 
 it is much faster acting now . '' 
 `` so what ? 
 you were going to tranquilize me and turn me into the police ? '' 
 `` police ? 
 no , '' i said . 
 `` then what ? 
 blackmail me ? 
 christ you have more money than i do . '' 
 `` paul , the tranquilizer that they developed , they wanted to use as an anesthesia . 
 they made it work on touch , on contact , '' i said . 
 `` you see , it just has to be administered on the skin . 
 no need for needles . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he asked , feeling weaker . 
 `` paul , it kept killing people because of the poison , '' i said , pausing for a moment . 
 `` paul , you did n't notice that i was wearing gloves while i held your hammer ? '' 
 paulverizer lowered the hammer and looked down at the handle . 
 that was when he noticed that it was coated in a gel . 
 he did n't feel it before , because his hands were instantly paralyzed . 
 suddenly , paul realized that i drugged him with the sea urchin 's poison . 
 he dropped the hammer . 
 i heard its heavy weight hit the hardwood floors , slightly cracking the tiles of wood . 
 as i moved closer to him , i saw that the hammer was n't the only thing that fell to the floor . 
 paul 's body doubled over next to the hammer . 
 he shivered mildly . 
 `` paul , '' i said , bending down closer to him , `` i am not here to just give you back your hammer . 
 i am here to use it on you . '' 
 he started to scream , but could barely make a sound . 
 his tongue and lips were numb . 
 i looked down at him . 
 `` besides , if i wanted to bribe you ; why did i buy the plane ticket ? 
 the ticket is so the police think that you left town . 
 see , you are leaving , '' i said . 
 gently , i picked up paul 's feet and began to drag his body . 
 i dragged him out of the library , across the hardwood floors , and past the kitchen . 
 we went into the bathroom . 
 i lifted paul 's head and leaned him up against the wall . 
 with bloodshot eyes , he looked directly into his own bathtub . 
 he saw that the shower curtain was gone and his tub was a completely different color . 
 instead of the pearl white that it had been when he left this morning , it was a dark black , plastic color . 
 as paul 's eyes focused in and out , a side effect from the poison , he realized that the color changed because his tub was covered with a black tarp . 
 paul began to panic . 
 he realized what the tarp was actually for . 
 it was a durable , dark bond hardware tarp . 
 skilled hunters used it for toting around deer carcasses . 
 it kept their pickup trucks clean from the smell of dead deer . 
 it also kept all of the blood and innards inside the tarp , making it perfect use for a serial killer . 
 paul should have thought of using the same tarp to keep his victims from being discovered . 
 then he never would have been caught and i would n't be here . 
 he could have kept on clubbing young college boys to death like they were baby seals . 
 `` paul , do you know what you did wrong ? '' 
 i asked from out in the hall . 
 i knew that he could n't speak , but i liked the torment . 
 like i said before , justice was really more of shane 's thing . 
 ultimately , i just wanted to bash in some body parts . 
 `` you killed eleven young college boys . 
 they all had futures . 
 they all had parents and grandparents , '' i said , realizing that maybe i did enjoy the sense of vengeance as much as shane . 
 `` shane lasher and i did not have that . 
 we had no parents . 
 we were born out of death . 
 all shane and i have is each other . '' 
 paulverizer felt sheer terror by the sound that followed my voice . 
 i dragged his sledgehammer across the hardwood floors , into the hallway and across the kitchen floor . 
 it scraped along the tiles , making a hideous sound that resembled a long , sharp knife scrapping against bone . 
 i entered the bathroom , sledgehammer in-tow . 
 i leaned it up against the wall next to paulverizer . 
 then , i grabbed his arms just behind his shoulders . 
 i lifted him up and plopped him into the tub over the tarp . 
 `` paulverizer , '' i said grabbing the long , steel handle of his hammer . 
 `` i am lasher the slasher . 
 glad to finally make your acquaintance . '' 
 i lifted the sledgehammer up over my head . 
 the bathroom light glimmered behind it . 
 with all of my might , i slammed the hammer down towards paul verize 's gut , knocking out his light . 
 2 the creator of me `` i was born with the devil in me . 
 i could not help the fact that i was a murderer , no more than the poet can help the inspiration to sing . 
 i was born with the evil one standing as my sponsor beside the bed where i was ushered into the world , and he has been with me since . 
 -- -- h. h. holmes , mass murderer . 
 | | | | | vanity fair 's highest ranking photo journalist , anna black , was as world class as vanity fair got . 
 last year , she wrote the magazine 's `` sexy men '' section . 
 this year they chose shane for a spread called `` the sexy capitalists '' , because he lived in the capital . 
 like i said , world class . 
 she wanted shane . 
 he could sense it . 
 she inhaled his polo black cologne , and relished at the features of his face . 
 she wanted to scratch her sharp nails down his back as he entered her . 
 shane leaned against the railing of a white marble balcony . 
 his black kill-suit and tie hung off him like it was his skin . 
 he wore that suit like i wore his skin . 
 anna 's skin was pale white . 
 her body was adequately sculpted . 
 she belonged among the stone architecture of the capital like the armless , busty goddess statues in the gardens of ancient rome . 
 for the past forty-five minutes , she threw question after question at shane : `` shane , how could you do it ? '' 
 `` shane , do n't you think he was guilty ? '' 
 `` shane , how do you live with yourself ? '' 
 `` shane , will you take off your shirt for this next photo ? '' 
 shane 's new celebrity status has also brought him the attention of his father 's old law partner , terrance graves ; a man who virtually ignored shane most of his life . 
 he was a cryptic man to say the least , not much sense of humor . 
 he was a mystery , an enigma . 
 he mostly kept to his ivory tower in the new york city office . 
 rarely has shane heard from him . 
 after shane and i were orphaned , terrance graves was always behind us in the shadow of our life . 
 he was our benefactor . 
 yet , he never participated hands-on in our life . 
 as our godfather , terrance graves stepped up after shane 's parents died and took us in . 
 he was our salvation . 
 although , neither shane nor i remember much about him from shane 's rearing . 
 we got birthday phone calls , which turned into birthday cards . 
 eventually , we rarely communicate with him at all . 
 until the day came that we came to work at graves and associates . 
 during our childhood , terrance graves hired others to watch over us . 
 we had nannies , butlers , and prep school teachers . 
 we went to the most expensive prep schools in new england . 
 we spent summers in europe : south france , italy , and monte carlo . 
 shane 's schooling was extensive . 
 we had the best teachers . 
 we learned everything from mechanics to fencing . 
 shane and i were educated in two languages other than english -- -- french and spanish . 
 we learned art , sculpting , and welding . 
 we learned world history , literature , and civilizations . 
 we learned the sciences and the law . 
 yet , my personal favorite subjects were psychology and martial arts . 
 i liked to kill things . 
 psychology helped us to understand them better . 
 shane liked criminal justice , art , and international law . 
 all through our schooling i grew inside of shane . 
 occasionally , we met in the dark moments of his life . 
 our first meeting was long ago . 
 | | | | | school children crowded a playground from shane 's past , set in upstate new york . 
 a young bully picked on a helpless boy . 
 he taunted him . 
 he beat him . 
 one day on a cold december afternoon , the young , helpless boy hid behind something inside of him that he had n't fully understood . 
 the thing took over him , controlling his actions . 
 together , he and the cold thing waited patiently out on an icy lake . 
 the children played hockey on the ice , but only on the sides where the ice was safe . 
 the helpless boy stood in the middle of the ice over the dark patches . 
 he held the bully 's favorite hockey stick . 
 he had swiped it earlier out of the bully 's gym bag . 
 from the sides of the lake the bully cried out , demanding the stick back . 
 he stood among the other children , watching as the helpless boy waited , baiting him out onto the frozen lake over the dark water beneath . 
 when the bully neared the helpless boy , at the peer pressure of his friends , the helpless boy ferociously banged the hockey stick on the ice . 
 after two hard strikes to the ice , a crack formed and raced across the ice . 
 it shattered the ice beneath the bully 's feet . 
 he crashed into the freezing water . 
 it took an hour for the paramedics to thaw out the bully 's toes . 
 the blood in them had frozen . 
 the bully never messed with shane ever again . 
 that was the first time that shane remembered meeting me , his protector . 
 | | | | | anna black snapped photos of shane , sexual photos . 
 i suspected that anna intended to keep some for her personal use . 
 also , i imagined that once the photos were developed , they would make shane look like he was just casted to be on the new season of the bachelor . 
 women would swoon after him . 
 it did n't require a lot of effort for anna to convince shane to take his shirt off . 
 before i could object , shane posed in the chill of d.c. 's windy weather . 
 his muscular torso was chiseled beyond that of an ordinary lawyer and he was proud of it . 
 i was n't keen on this photo shoot because it brought unnecessary exposure to us . 
 first shane would be on the cover of vanity fair with his shirt off . 
 next we would be facing the electric chair , something that we both feared , and i have few fears . 
 the electric chair topped the list . 
 it sounded excruciating . 
 a 100,000 volts frying through his brain , the place where i lived was something that frightened me . 
 the only thing that shane feared more was being trapped in a small cell . 
 he feared enclosed spaces . 
 that was our kryptonite . 
 enclosed spaces paralyzed shane . 
 claustrophobia sedated him and he stalled out , rendering his body useless to me . 
 for years , we schooled and trained ourselves for life as a hunter . 
 as a monster , i loved to feast on the flesh and gnaw on the bones of other monsters . 
 i lived for this purpose , to murder , to mayhem . 
 of course , there was one monster in particular that we both wanted to kill most of all . 
 we wanted to destroy our creator . 
 like oedipus rex , we wanted to destroy a vile creature known as father -- the stonecutter . 
 he was the serial killer that we craved after , like ahab to moby dick . 
 he was our great white whale . 
 he was our heavenly , estranged father , our holy grail . 
 he was not our biological father , but our psychological one . 
 he created us . 
 he committed a vile act against us before we were even born . 
 this act set in motion the darkness that would become shane 's life . 
 he was the stonecutter . 
 the stonecutter operated with complete anonymity for decades until the press pieced together some of his murders . 
 a new york times ' reporter named katelyn fox uncovered his murderous spree . 
 like the zodiac , the stonecutter killed in secret for decades . 
 however , unlike the zodiac , the stonecutter did not advertise it to the media . 
 the stonecutter never intended to be caught or famous . 
 he was dangerous because he did n't seek fame , recognition , or validation . 
 he simply wanted to kill . 
 along came katelyn fox , an ambitious , young journalist . 
 she obsessed over serial murder . 
 often she studied serial killers . 
 she spent hours cataloging and researching local and nationwide crimes , searching for patterns that no one else sought out . 
 she hoped to uncover a serial killer . 
 her tireless obsession led her to one of the greatest finds in crime history -- the existence of the stonecutter . 
 one day shane appeared on her radar . 
 he had met katelyn over a year ago . 
 she wanted to make a name for herself . 
 she wanted to use him for this means . 
 he defended the serial killer that she had been writing about . 
 he saved the alleged defendant from a guilty verdict . 
 what katelyn uncovered was that over the course of many years , a gruesome series of home invasions had taken place across new york and neighboring states . 
 home invasions were not a new or uncommon crime , especially among the wealthy areas of new york , but these particular home invasions were sinisterly unique . 
 normal home invasions involved a wealthy family , a clever thief , and a body count . 
 what set the stonecutter apart from the rest was that he was no thief . 
 he never took a thing from the homes that he invaded . 
 he invaded homes in order to brutally torture and murder the families that dwelled inside . 
 he forced the patriarch to bury the other family members alive . 
 no one knew where katelyn fox got her information , but she knew details that the fbi kept from the press . 
 in her articles , she exposed that a serial killer was behind the invasions . 
 she claimed that he targeted wealthy families and forced the father to bury the mother and children alive and then shot the father over an open grave . 
 the stonecutter left the mother and children to suffocate beneath the cold ground . 
 one more important detail that katelyn uncovered was that the stonecutter created grave markers , headstones , for his victims . 
 the killer specially designed each headstone for each of his victims . 
 he carved them himself . 
 this indicated that the murders were premeditated and methodically planned out down to the last grim detail . 
 katelyn 's articles garnered insurmountable attention across the country . 
 the reading public forced the fbi to open an investigation into the phantom that she dubbed the `` stonecutter '' or a man who created tombstone makers . 
 the stonecutter carved the headstones out of a heavy stone . 
 he wrote `` here lies '' and then carved the victim 's names into the stone . 
 he took great care in carving and chiseling the stones . 
 the attention to detail informed katelyn and the fbi that the murders were planned out painstakingly , like a master serial killer would do -- -- like i would do . 
 i admired the stonecutter 's methodical nature . 
 those stones were not easy to carve and then lug around until the murder took place . 
 the ritual controlled him . 
 it rose out from a dark place inside of him . 
 sometimes , shane made me wait months before i killed again . 
 in that long period of time , i paced , i burned , i drooled , and i waited for the right time to strike . 
 i studied and planned out each murder , laying the perfect trap for my prey , but i could never imagine taking the time to carve out a headstone and then carry it , unnoticed , to the kill site . 
 besides being methodical , the stonecutter was admirably brutal , dispatching a mother and her children in such a cold fashion . 
 that was something even i could not do . 
 shane and i eradicated other killers . 
 i was not doing this for some moral reason , some misguided sense of righteousness , or for some twisted sense of justice . 
 i understood the difference between right and wrong ; i simply am not interested in right . 
 it 's not that i am not diabolical enough to kill anyone . 
 i just never found interest in burying a mother with her children . 
 i had no morals , but that kind of murder just did n't feel right . 
 it did n't taste right . 
 i was not sure why . 
 perhaps , shane 's side of our brain had some sense of morality that stopped me , that blocked me . 
 perhaps , shane was my conscience . 
 luckily for him , i had no interest in killing a mother and her cubs ... only the poppa bear . 
 katelyn fox 's articles gained enough support with the public that the fbi formed a task force to hunt the stonecutter . 
 a year and a half ago , the fbi arrested their suspect : a mentally unbalanced man named ... `` gillard shutter ? '' 
 anna black said , interrupting our thoughts like she heard them . 
 `` what ? 
 did you ask a question ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 we were both thrown off guard . 
 shane 's jaw dropped . 
 the hatch to my part of the brain swung wide open on its hinges in blatant surprise . 
 how did she know that we were thinking about gillard shutter ? 
 `` i killed gillard shutter , '' i screamed in shane 's head . 
 `` he is dead ! 
 he has to be ! 
 i do n't make mistakes ! '' 
 `` shane , your client , gillard shutter , where is he ? 
 how did you feel about defending him ? '' 
 `` you are not interested in paul verize ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 he began to put his shirt back on . 
 `` no . 
 what ? '' 
 she said seemingly confused . 
 `` our readers want to know about the stonecutter . 
 paulverizer is not as interesting . 
 his case is over . '' 
 `` ah . 
 what did you want to know ? '' 
 he answered . 
 `` where is he now ? 
 how do you feel about letting him get away with murder ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he was proven innocent in a court of law . '' 
 `` actually , he was guilty by reason of insanity . 
 that 's not innocent . '' 
 `` he served his time . 
 wherever he is , i 'm sure that he just wants to be left alone . '' 
 shane said . 
 anna 's questions persisted . 
 she wanted only to know about the stonecutter . 
 she wanted to reopen old wounds , shane 's wounds . 
 shane was scarred . 
 i was not , but he carried the burden of conscience , of regret , of guilt . 
 sometimes , i could sense beneath shane 's arrogant exterior , a sickening sense of right and wrong . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 morality was useless to us . 
 we killed the stonecutter , and now we must continue to kill . 
 shane had to feed me . 
 i needed to grow . 
 i was , after all , a growing monster . 
 in our youth , we grew together , but now he aged , while i continued to grow . 
 but right now i only grew hungry . 
 | | | | | shane 's law office was a dark complex of glass , modern art , and expensive furniture . 
 it was located in downtown d.c. , not far from the vietnam memorial . 
 his office rested on the corner of the third floor . 
 along with a modern-style conference room that sat down the hall ; there were other offices , a lounge area , and a lobby . 
 many of our firm 's top ranking lawyers had offices next to ours . 
 most of graves and associates were comprised of young to middle-aged lawyers with little to no moral code other than how to make money . 
 the business of law was dog eat dog , or in our world , cannibal eat cannibal . 
 ally embers ' picturesque body sat perfectly posed just outside of shane 's office door . 
 he left the door closed , but could still stare at her through the glass . 
 glass covered seventy percent of shane 's office with the exception of one wall , which divided shane 's office from the lawyer 's office next door . 
 luckily for shane , the windows were made of one-way glass , like an interrogation room , a place that we hoped never to be in . 
 with the one-way glass , shane watched his clients as they approached ally 's desk , asking to meet with us . 
 it was a way of avoiding unwanted visitors . 
 the glass was like shane 's skin , the walls surrounding my home . 
 inside of shane , i could see out . 
 i could see our prey , but they could not see me . 
 sometimes , shane had entire conversations with people that i wanted to kill . 
 they never realized that i stared at them through the one-way glass of shane 's soul . 
 in a profession where we dealt with killers , i wondered why i was the only serial killer who could see other killers . 
 why was i the only monster that could sense other monsters ? 
 why did i alone have a one-way glass ? 
 guess i was a more evolved monster . 
 that was why i preyed on them . 
 they were the weaker of my species . 
 i had the killer instinct . 
 i was the killer instinct . 
 shane was my looking glass . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 ally said over the phone 's intercom . 
 shane looked up to see the back of a woman standing at ally 's desk . 
 the woman 's frame was well built and toned . 
 she faced the opposite direction , away from ally and away from our one-way glass . 
 her backside looked familiar . 
 her long , dark hair , straightened by her own hand each day , waved perfectly behind her . 
 she wore a short , trendy leather jacket and a pair of tight designer jeans . 
 she looked like she planned to go clubbing later . 
 shane noticed that she did n't have a purse . 
 he liked that . 
 we both liked it . 
 a woman without a purse was someone who did n't need to carry a lot of stuff with her everywhere . 
 she possessed little baggage . 
 she was ready to go . 
 `` yes , ally ? '' 
 shane replied , leaning into the intercom . 
 `` det. good is here to see you , '' ally said . 
 det. sun good turned around to face the window so that shane could gaze at her . 
 she bent down toward the intercom , exposing the perfect amount of cleavage and said , `` let me in , shane ! '' 
 det. sun good was a good cop . 
 i never held that against her . 
 she worked hard in a world filled with sexism . 
 she was tough . 
 shane enjoyed being with her , back when they were together . 
 sun good was the only real woman that threatened me . 
 i thought that shane would stay with her forever . 
 i thought they would marry someday . 
 i feared having to spend all of my energy tiptoeing around her . 
 i feared that eventually she would be our downfall . 
 she was a good cop . 
 she would discover us , but so far we were safe . 
 shane reached down to hold the intercom button on the phone and said , `` she can come in , ally . '' 
 det. sun good walked into our office . 
 her hips swung with each swagger like a runway model craving attention . 
 shane saw the outline of her gun holstered under her leather jacket . 
 he wondered how accurate she was with it . 
 det. sun good was japanese-american . 
 she was gorgeous . 
 her dark skin glistened . 
 she used a glitter body cream like a stripper , but i did n't judge , and shane liked it . 
 the scent grasped at my sensitive nostrils . 
 i could n't help but smell it . 
 even i found her alluring . 
 i know shane did . 
 even as she approached , and i choked , shane 's deep blue eyes filled up with lust as they outlined her frame . 
 while she repulsed me , shane wanted to touch her . 
 `` sun , how are you ? '' 
 shane said . 
 he gripped tightly to the arms of his chair . 
 sun walked in with her partner in-tow . 
 he was completely silent . 
 i chuckled . 
 he stood tall and lean . 
 he looked serious . 
 sun stopped at the edge of shane 's desk . 
 she gazed past him for a moment at the lustrous , white marble city beyond shane 's floor-to-ceiling windows . 
 `` shane , we need to know where your client is . '' 
 `` well you know where he lives . 
 right ? 
 you should have the address , '' shane replied . 
 `` shane , stop dicking us around . 
 we need you to tell us where he is . 
 we 've been to his house , checked his utility records . 
 he has n't lived in that house in a year , '' sun said . 
 she turned and gaze at shane . 
 shane felt suddenly uneasy . 
 a year ? 
 that ca n't be right . 
 we killed paul just last night in his home . 
 what was she talking about ? 
 `` why do you look so puzzled ? '' 
 sun asked . 
 her powers of deduction were commendable . 
 `` i 'm just confused . 
 i thought he was still living in the same place . '' 
 `` cut the shit , shane . 
 i know that you know where he is . 
 aiding and abetting , shane . 
 aide and abetting . 
 it is illegal to hide a wanted suspect . 
 you know that . 
 i do n't want you to get into trouble . '' 
 `` sun , i have no idea what you are talking about . '' 
 `` you do n't know what i am talking about ? '' 
 she asked , looking stunned that he really did n't seem to understand . 
 `` shane , do n't you watch the news ? 
 read the papers ? 
 there has been a new murder . 
 how many people are you going to let die before you realize that you should n't represent the scum of the earth ? '' 
 `` a new murder ? '' 
 shane said , puzzled . 
 now , i was shocked . 
 that was twice in one day . 
 we bashed paul 's brains in . 
 we chopped him up into little bits . 
 he was nothing more than ashes in our furnace . 
 how could he have killed someone new ? 
 `` shane ? 
 are you serious ? 
 have you been living under a rock ? 
 yes , there have been five murders already . 
 the johnson family in maryland and the frosts in new york , '' sun said . 
 she shifted her weight onto her left leg . 
 her hip leaned out . 
 `` families ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 now we were both confused . 
 `` yes . 
 families . 
 shane , are you not listening to me ? 
 we need to know where shutter is ! '' 
 `` shutter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` gillard shutter . 
 shane , he was your most famous client . 
 you do remember him ? 
 if it was n't for him ; nobody would even know your name , '' sun good said , mockingly . 
 `` tell me ! 
 where is the stonecutter ? '' 
 gillard shutter made us famous . 
 shane defended him in the stonecutter case . 
 it took months . 
 shane got shutter off on an insanity plea . 
 he was placed in a mental hospital one day , then six months later he was out . 
 we waited for him to get out . 
 we took him and killed him in the usual , undetectable fashion . 
 det. sun good just told us that he was back . 
 back from the dead . 
 it must be a copycat . 
 `` sun , i 'm really not sure where he is , '' shane said . 
 he was in such a good mood earlier . 
 his spirit skyrocketed after the photo shoot , but now the engines failed and his mood plummeted toward the ground , spiraling like a crashing plane . 
 gravity had caught a strong , unflinching hold . 
 `` shane , you ca n't hide him from us , and why would you want to ? 
 this man killed two more families . 
 you know how demented he is . '' 
 the stonecutter was the most sinister serial killer that i had ever encountered . 
 he was truly devious . 
 i wanted to kill him so badly that it took all of shane 's dexterity to stop me from slashing his throat right in the middle of open court . 
 `` sun , i 'm not sure what else i can say . 
 i have n't seen or heard from gillard shutter since the day of the verdict . '' 
 or rather when i watched the terror in his eyes the last night that he was alive . 
 `` fine , but i 'm warning you . 
 i do n't like how your most famous client has vanished into thin air . 
 we will be looking into that . 
 you want to play it this way ? 
 then you play it this way , '' sun said . 
 she glanced over at her partner and the two of them departed from his office . 
 the last thing that we needed was for the police digging around into our past . 
 they might notice that many of our firm 's clients have vanished , but that 's another issue . 
 right now , i needed to focus my instincts on the stonecutter 's copycat . 
 the stonecutter was dead . 
 at least i had thought he was . 
 gillard shutter was the stonecutter . 
 he confessed it to me . 
 he was a little off . 
 he was a little crazy , but my natural predatory instinct told me that he was the killer that we had searched for . 
 i had to be right about him . 
 no way did i make a mistake . 
 i never made mistakes . 
 never . 
 | | | | | shane stood near the edge of the roof of his penthouse . 
 he looked out toward the potomac river . 
 i could sense shane 's frustration seeping past his part of the brain and into my own like a leak in a nuclear reactor . 
 the radiation seeped into my living area and it stunk . 
 the smell was debilitating . 
 i had never felt this before . 
 i had never felt shane 's regret . 
 normally , i was emotionless , void of feeling . 
 suddenly , i felt concerned about shane 's side of the brain affecting mine . 
 his fear of killing the wrong man was powerful , more so than i ever suspected . 
 i had to keep him in check . 
 we looked out over the river and thought back to the night that i killed the stonecutter . 
 | | | | | six months ago , we waited in the shadows in shane 's black mercedes e class and watched the entrance to devil arc , d.c. 's maximum security mental hospital . 
 a gloomy morning sky hovered in the air . 
 the thick overcast slung such a dreary shadow over the city that d.c. 's white marble complexion seemed more of a decrepit grey like a mausoleum . 
 the overcast stole away the city 's famous luster . 
 today , it was a tomb . 
 we waited in the driver seat of shane 's car , behind the silent hum of the engine . 
 gillard shutter stepped out of the hospital . 
 he stretched out his arms toward the sky as if he had just awaked from a yearlong sleep . 
 he wore the same tattered suit that he had worn the final day of his trial . 
 gillard walked away from the hospital , waving goodbye to the guards as if to say goodbye to old friends . 
 he seemed different than we remembered . 
 his demeanor was different . 
 he was calmer . 
 he appeared to be a completely new man , rehabilitated . 
 we wondered if they had lobotomized him . 
 we were n't sure if they even did that anymore . 
 i remembered asking myself a question : if they ever caught us , what would a lobotomy do to us ? 
 shane was sure that they did n't perform that procedure anymore . 
 society deemed it barbaric and medieval , even primitive . 
 however , the truth was that lobotomies worked . 
 if the state ever caught us and sentenced us to shock treatment , that would surely be the death of me . 
 a lobotomy would kill me . 
 like the serial killers of the past , who were thought to be criminally insane and then lobotomized ; shane would be cured . 
 the others who were lobotomized actually were cured only they were rendered brain dead . 
 shock therapy was the equivalent of chemotherapy . 
 the radiation killed the cancer cells , but it also destroyed the healthy ones . 
 a lobotomy would kill me , but leave shane alive , but brain dead . 
 he would be a shell of a man . 
 his heart would beat . 
 his eyes would blink . 
 his lungs would breathe , but he would be no more . 
 gillard shutter was a fragile looking man . 
 he did not look nearly the same way that he had a year before , when shane first approached him in his cell . 
 `` gillard ? '' 
 shane called out through the driver 's side window . 
 shane wore his kill-suit . 
 it was perfectly pressed along with his red tie and blood-colored scarf . 
 when we first met with gillard shutter in his cell , i was n't completely sure that he was the stonecutter . 
 that very first day , i wanted to kill him , and shane wanted me to have him . 
 yet , we had to verify that we had the right suspect . 
 we had waited our entire life to kill the stonecutter . 
 inside that prison cell , that very first day , we had brought in our kill-case . 
 we were prepared to kill . 
 shane 's briefcase housed a secret compartment . 
 inside it was a razor sharp , retractable knife with a three inch , stainless steel blade . 
 the small knife was not our preferred method of slashing , but it would do the trick nicely -- -- surgically . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 gillard said , with a monstrous look in his eyes . 
 he was hard to read , but i felt that he had the killer instinct . 
 still neither of us was convinced that he was the right man . 
 after a short conversation , shane decided to represent him . 
 as usual we would get him off and then kill him . 
 that was the plan . 
 that criminal case brought shane national attention , something that we were unprepared for . 
 getting away with murder was a lot more complicated when you have a famous face . 
 gillard walked toward the street . 
 he looked around for a taxi to take him home . 
 it was no surprise that the media was not there to film his release . 
 the hospital had announced that he would be leaving two months from the day he was actually released . 
 this lie protected him from harassment . 
 shane pulled the car up to the curb and honked . 
 gillard looked over in surprise . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` gillard , '' shane acknowledged . 
 `` want a ride home ? '' 
 `` sure , '' gillard said , looking pleased to see his savior . 
 he opened the door and got into the car . 
 `` how did you know i was getting out today ? '' 
 `` gillard , it is my job to keep tabs on my clients , '' shane said . 
 `` the trial is over , mr. lasher . 
 are you in the habit of going the extra mile for your clients ? '' 
 suddenly , i realized that there was definitely something different about him . 
 the monster that was inside seemed to be hiding from me . 
 i could no longer sense him . 
 it did n't change anything . 
 gillard was going to die today . 
 `` you are a very special client , mr. shutter . 
 a very special client , '' shane said , his voice turned darker . 
 i rose to the surface and took control . 
 we drove along the highway for thirty minutes in silence until we started to speak . 
 `` gillard , of all of those families that you ruined , i wonder if you remember a particular family from about twenty-five years ago ? '' 
 gillard looked over at shane in uncomfortable dismay . 
 `` mr. lasher , i am innocent , '' he proclaimed . 
 `` gillard , you do n't have to lie to me . 
 i 'm your lawyer , your defender , your priest . 
 you were convicted and claimed insanity . 
 remember ? 
 we both know that you were not really mentally insane at the time . '' 
 `` mr. lasher , i was mentally unbalanced during the trial . 
 i am rehabilitated now , and i 'm telling you that i did not commit any murders . 
 the unbalance in my brain caused me to admit to those horrible acts . '' 
 `` imbalanced , '' shane said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 gillard asked , confused . 
 `` it 's imbalanced not unbalanced , '' shane said . 
 `` gillard ! 
 now , just answer the damn question ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 we peered over at the stonecutter . 
 my black eyes seeped through shane 's eye sockets . 
 gillard shutter saw me clear as day . 
 he gazed into the large , black orbs that replaced shane 's blue eyes . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` stonecutter , i know who you are , '' i said . 
 the darkness in my voice shook him to his core . 
 gillard froze in terror . 
 suddenly , he glanced out the window at the highway and noticed that we had passed the exit to his house . 
 `` shane ? 
 that was my exit . 
 stop the car . 
 i told you . 
 i am not the stonecutter . 
 we made a mistake at trial . 
 stop the car ! '' 
 `` stonecutter , we are going to visit a special place . 
 we are going to the place of my birth , '' i said . 
 gillard peered back into my dark eyes . 
 `` dear god ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a monster , like you . 
 except , i am a monster who feeds on other monsters ... like you , '' i said , turning my head and gazing into his face . 
 gillard went for the door handle . 
 he pulled it . 
 he yanked it , but the door did n't open . 
 `` i detached the spring to that door handle , '' i said . 
 `` it wo n't open for you . 
 you ca n't escape . '' 
 gillard reached into his jacket pocket . 
 before he could pull out whatever he had reached for , i stuck a syringe hard into his inner thigh . 
 quickly , the needle dispersed a powerful tranquilizer into his bloodstream . 
 instantly , he fell into a deep sleep as his hand emerged from his pocket gripping softly to a cell phone . 
 the phone dropped to the floor of shane 's car . 
 `` you are mine , stonecutter , '' i said . 
 i could barely contain my excitement . 
 i slowed the car down and reached down to the floorboard . 
 i picked up the cell phone and turned it off . 
 then i rolled down the window and tossed it out onto the black highway . 
 no one is coming for you stonecutter . 
 no one . 
 we thought . 
 | | | | | nightfall neared . 
 shane parked his mercedes in the enormous backyard of a quiet manor . 
 we walked among the wealthy family dwellings of west hampton beach . 
 a cool breeze swept up off of the private beach in front of us . 
 the mercedes headlights beamed onto the ground , lighting up the six-foot hole that shane dug . 
 gillard shutter began to stir . 
 slowly , he woke up to the nightmare that i had planned for him for so many years . 
 i stood tall , wearing shane 's kill-suit . 
 the blood-red scarf wrapped around the bottom of shane 's face , hiding shane and revealing me . 
 gillard 's eyes slowly opened . 
 his sense of touch began to return to his extremities . 
 a few moments passed , and finally he was fully awake . 
 he was dazed , but knew that he was lying in a deep hole in the ground . 
 he lifted his head and investigated his surroundings . 
 a tight rope bound his hands and feet together . 
 he tried to speak , but a thick strip of duct tape impeded this action . 
 i did n't care about what he had to say . 
 i did n't want to hear his voice or his lies about being innocent . 
 gillard shutter was going to die . 
 after he realized that he lay in a hole , it also dawned on him that he was encased in a wooden box with no lid . 
 he started to squirm violently . 
 he struggled to free himself from his bonds . 
 terror filled his veins like rushing blood . 
 `` stonecutter , i ca n't tell you how long i have waited for this . 
 you are my opus . 
 truly , i relish this moment , '' i said . 
 gillard shutter seemed to beg for mercy with his eyes . 
 mercy was something that only humans expressed . 
 shane was the only one living in this body that was human , and he had recused himself hours ago . 
 this was one kill that he wanted me to enjoy . 
 `` stonecutter , you kill people by burying them alive . 
 so i am going to do the same to you , but i have added a twist to your ritual . '' 
 `` ugh , '' gillard mumbled through the duct tape . 
 `` stonecutter , you created headstones for your victims . 
 that takes some talent . 
 to carve their names into stone , you must have spent a lot of time doing that . 
 picking out the right words to use and picking the right sized stones , '' i said . 
 after circling around the grave , i reached down and picked up a small , stone tablet . 
 `` stonecutter , here is yours , '' i said , holding up the tombstone that i created so that he could see it plainly . 
 gillard studied it in horror . 
 his tombstone read : here lies the stonecutter : the creator of me again gillard struggled with his ropes . 
 it was useless . 
 i tied them far too tight for him to escape . 
 he was all mine . 
 `` i see that you approve of my work . 
 good . 
 i feared that you were going to think that it was amateurish . '' 
 `` mmmm , '' gillard mumbled through the duct tape . 
 i moved out of his view for a moment and placed the stone firmly into the hole i made just above his grave . 
 it slid into place . 
 i hammered it with the shovel . 
 the sound upset gillard even more because he began to flail around like a fish out of water . 
 finally , after a few hits with the shovel , the tombstone rested upright and perfect . 
 it appeared just as a real gravestone would . 
 i returned to gillard 's view and said , `` now for one last twist . 
 stonecutter , you are the ultimate prey . 
 you created me . 
 in many ways , you are my mentor . 
 without you , i would have never been born . 
 without you , i would only be shane . 
 so i have to pay homage to your killings the right way . 
 `` when you carried out your dark deeds , you forced the father of the family to bury the mother and children alive at gunpoint . 
 then you killed the father . 
 i do n't want to kill you just yet , but i do n't want to short change you either . 
 i do n't want to short change your work . 
 `` you are an artist , '' i said . 
 from behind my back i revealed a silver colt 1911 handgun . 
 the silver finish glimmered in the moonlight like the shiny scales of a barracuda beneath the murky surface of the atlantic at night . 
 `` i apologize that i could n't find your gun . 
 i prefer to use the murder weapon of my victims , but you hid that gun too well , '' i said . 
 gillard shutter began to struggle so hard in his bonds that i was sure that he might actually break free of them . 
 i pointed the gun down the deep hole at him . 
 slowly , i moved the sights down his body to his legs . 
 i fired twice , one bullet into each kneecap . 
 he gasped behind his duct taped mouth . 
 tears flooded his eyes . 
 he was no longer going to be mobile even if he could free himself from his restraints . 
 `` do n't worry about bleeding to death , stonecutter . 
 you will run out of oxygen long before that , '' i said , grinning . 
 after i slipped the gun back into shane 's jacket pocket , i stepped out of his view again to grab the lid to the coffin . 
 i tossed it down on top of him . 
 there was no need to nail it shut . 
 gillard was n't getting free . 
 at least i hoped that he was n't . 
 i returned to the car to grab the shovel that leaned against the driver 's side door . 
 when i returned to the grave , once more i peered down at the stonecutter 's coffin . 
 i heard him , squirming in complete agony . 
 it only took about twenty minutes to shovel all of that dirt back into the hole . 
 afterwards , i patted it down gently with the tip of the shovel . 
 the stonecutter was dead and buried . 
 at least that was what i had thought . 
 shane began to regain control of our body as my murderous deed disintegrated into the background of the night . 
 he peered down at the mound of dirt . 
 he looked at the shovel in his hand . 
 he felt satisfied . 
 one more time , shane patted down the dirt and peered out over the bay . 
 the turbulent waves crashed onto the private beach . 
 shane returned to the mercedes . 
 he popped the trunk and put the shovel inside along with the gun . 
 he sat behind the wheel and drove away . 
 leaving the manor 's backyard , we drove past the silent old house . 
 at the end of a long , twisting driveway , shane glanced over at the mailbox before we pulled out onto the main street . 
 the mailbox read : s. lasher residence shane and i never thought we would actually catch the stonecutter , but we had . 
 and now he was buried in the place where we were born -- shane 's family manor . 
 3 wounds run deep `` i liked not being hurt . 
 so send the pain below . '' 
 -- -- chevelle , send the pain below . 
 | | | | | `` ally , i need to take a personal day , '' shane said into the microphone built into the steering wheel of his car . 
 his iphone was plugged into the console near the radio . 
 ally 's facebook picture was displayed on the touch screen in the center of his console . 
 it was ally showing off her toned body in a bikini , her long hair fluttered behind her like she was in front of a wind machine . 
 she must have done modeling on the side , but i did n't know for sure . 
 shane stayed out of her personal life . 
 unless she volunteered the information ; he did n't ask . 
 `` shane , are you ok ? 
 i ca n't remember the last time that you took a personal day , '' she asked with genuine concern in her voice . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just move everything up for me . 
 do not contact me unless it is absolutely necessary . 
 everything else can wait until i return , '' shane said . 
 he hung the phone up and turned up the volume on the car stereo . 
 he listened to chopin 's nocturne . 
 the memories of killing gillard shutter were not enough . 
 shane decided to visit the place of our birth , the same place that we buried gillard shutter a year ago , our family home . 
 he pulled the car into the long driveway to lasher manor . 
 he followed the driveway to the front of the house , parked , and got out of the car . 
 the morning daylight showered through the trees , leaving the impression that we stood under a rooftop of leaves . 
 a dark shade covered most of the ground . 
 shane walked around to the back of the house and down the long path to the private beach . 
 the house and the backyard looked just as deserted as it did that night that we buried gillard shutter . 
 long ago , when shane was a child , terrance graves hired caretakers to oversee the house . 
 they trimmed the hedges and kept the yard up . 
 they cleaned the outside of the house . 
 they swept the leaves off of the roof . 
 once a month , a cleaning crew would enter the house and clean it from top to bottom , detailing every square inch . 
 they always left it immaculate . 
 we were never really sure why terrance took such good care of it in those days . 
 it remained empty , and we never visited the house . 
 i supposed that it had something to do with the grief he felt for shane 's parents and their deaths . 
 shane assumed that he felt responsible for it , like the house belonged to his own brother . 
 we had no siblings , so shane was n't sure what that kind of attachment felt like . 
 we only had each other . 
 throughout his life , shane did not stay in the manor very often . 
 we mostly spent our years away at school . 
 during the holidays , when shane was young , we stayed at terrance 's penthouse apartment in new york city . 
 shane never visited any aunts or uncles . 
 after our parent 's deaths , shane 's extended family retreated into the background of their own lives . 
 the tragedy was too much for them to bear the sight of us . 
 the closest thing that shane ever had to a father was terrance graves . 
 although , he saw after our well-being , he was a poor substitute for a real father . 
 he was more of an absent guardian than anything else . 
 the only real guardian that shane ever had or needed was me . 
 near the beach , shane stopped at the small family cemetery . 
 he carried a shovel . 
 he looked at the tombstones . 
 his father 's , mother 's , and the stonecutter 's headstones were all there , lined up together like a grouping of the dead people who influenced us the most , our family . 
 shane grabbed the shovel and began to dig up the stonecutter . 
 we needed to make sure that he was still buried , that he did n't escape somehow . 
 when we arrived i half expected that the stonecutter 's grave would have been dug up , like a ghost had risen from the dead . 
 i thought that he had come back to haunt us . 
 still , we found it as we had left it a year ago . 
 it was undisturbed . 
 i almost wish that it was dug up , that he had come back from the dead because now i started to doubt . 
 i started to believe that i made a mistake , that i had killed the wrong man . 
 although , i was sure that there was a killer in shutter , the new murders meant that i could have been wrong about him being the stonecutter . 
 there were a lot of psychopaths out there . 
 i could have mistaken him for the one that we spent our life searching for . 
 what have i done ? 
 shane thought . 
 the words whispered through the walls of his skull and into my domain . 
 the guilt , it came , crashing into my walls like a tidal wave . 
 i had to stop it . 
 i had to make it right . 
 after forty-five minutes of digging , shane reached the top of shutter 's coffin . 
 he stood on top of it and tossed the shovel out of the pit . 
 please shutter , you bastard , do n't be on the other side of this lid , shane thought . 
 shane peered down , closed his eyes , and with all of his might , jerked open the lid . 
 lying in a mound of worms and dirt , gillard shutter 's skeleton stared back at us . 
 the empty sockets in his skull looked directly through shane 's blue eyes and into mine . 
 for the first time ever , i felt fear . 
 it was shane 's fear , seeping through the cracks and invading my side of our brain . 
 it began to leak into my home , like a water valve busting on a submarine . 
 i had to plug it up before it drowned me . 
 shane and i began to think back to our genesis . 
 we were here because of the stonecutter . 
 | | | | | more than twenty-five years ago , a young , rich couple lived in shane 's house . 
 their names were shannon and sebastian lasher , our parents . 
 it was a hot summer night . 
 a warm breeze swept off the bay and onto their private beach . 
 the leaves on the trees bloomed jauntily with a colorful scheme of green hues . 
 the sun slowly set . 
 shane 's parents sat on the back porch , witnessing the grand sunset . 
 sebastian studied an important case brief . 
 it was detrimental to the success of his and terrance 's firm , back then they were partners , graves-lasher and associates . 
 their firm was only five years old . 
 they had worked hard to build it from the ground up . 
 shannon lasher , shane 's mother , was seven months pregnant with him . 
 a large bump protruded from her belly . 
 yet , she still had several weeks to go . 
 she was only twenty-eight weeks pregnant . 
 she sat reading robert louis stevenson 's the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde . 
 that was one of her favorite stories . 
 it was the tale of a successful doctor who was really hiding a madman inside himself , a killer . 
 it took a special formula to allow the killer in him to take over and wreak havoc on the city and jekyll 's loved ones . 
 hyde destroyed jekyll 's life . 
 i related to the story . 
 shane and i were constantly balancing our needs and our lives . 
 the mistake that hyde made was that he took control over jekyll 's life and actions without caution , without self-control . 
 i could do the same , taking shane 's personal life hostage , but that would lead to our demise . 
 i needed shane in order to survive . 
 i needed people to believe that he was alone in our body . 
 i needed them to see only shane and never to look upon me . 
 he was my disguise . 
 if i went around killing , like i wanted , we would both face the electric chair , not just shane . 
 we would be no better than jekyll and hyde . 
 we would be a killer and a man struggling to take control over one vessel . 
 instead , we lived together like two roommates of the same body . 
 startlingly , the front doorbell rang . 
 sebastian rose to answer it . 
 as he began to enter the manor from the backyard , the telephone rang . 
 `` damn . 
 shannon would you answer the door ? 
 i need to take that call . 
 i 'm expecting a call from terrance , '' sebastian said . 
 `` okay , honey . 
 it 's probably just mrs. livingston from down the street anyway , looking to gossip , '' shannon said , placing her book on the patio table . 
 she grabbed both arms of the chair and heaved herself to her feet . 
 `` thank you , darling . 
 i know that it hurts you to move about so much , but i really must answer terrance 's phone call . 
 he said that he would call about the case this evening , '' sebastian said . 
 `` of course , honey . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 i need the exercise anyway . 
 i still have another two months to carry around our son in here . 
 i do n't want to get lazy now . 
 in three weeks i might weigh another twenty pounds , '' she said . 
 they both chuckled . 
 sebastian went into the den and picked up the phone . 
 `` hello , terrance . 
 i 've been eager to hear from you , '' he said . 
 shannon steadily made her way to the front door . 
 she fell out of earshot of her husband . 
 she wondered what was so important to the case that made sebastian so eager to speak to terrance . 
 the doorbell rang again . 
 she reached out and pulled open the door . 
 the figure on the front porch was tall and lean . 
 that was all that she had seen before he punched her with a hard right cross . 
 shannon flew back off of her feet and onto the stone floor . 
 she cried out in pain . 
 her vision blurred . 
 she could n't see anything . 
 she tried to roll over onto her stomach , but the intruder kicked her . 
 she let out a scream that felt like it would burst the windows , but the kick had knocked the wind out of her , so all that came out of her mouth was a muffled and painful gasp of air . 
 the intruder pulled her by the hair and dragged her down the hall towards her husband 's voice . 
 `` hold on a second . 
 something is going on , '' sebastian said . 
 he put the phone down by the receiver and walked out into the hallway . 
 he saw shannon lying on the floor . 
 her nose and mouth were bleeding . 
 the front door was wide open . 
 dirty footprints were tracked across the stone floor leading into the living room . 
 `` shannon ? '' 
 shane 's father blurted out . 
 he hurried to help his wife . 
 before he could bend down to help her , the intruder stepped out of the shadows . 
 he wore a ski mask and black clothing . 
 he held a silver handgun , a colt 1911 . 
 before sebastian uttered a word , the intruder struck him dead center of his forehead . 
 sebastian fell flat on his back . 
 the intruder walked back to the den and hung up the phone . 
 quickly , he returned . 
 he pointed the gun at sebastian . 
 `` get up , '' the intruder whispered . 
 his voice was dark and raspy . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 sebastian asked . 
 the intruder stepped closer to shane 's father . 
 `` ask me one more question , and i will shoot your wife in the stomach . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 the intruder whispered . 
 nervously , sebastian nodded . 
 shannon started to cry . 
 she was terrified . 
 `` now get up . 
 both of you , '' he ordered . 
 shane 's parents rose to their feet . 
 the intruder motioned for them to walk toward the backdoor . 
 he returned to front door and closed it . 
 `` go outside , '' he commanded . 
 shane 's parents followed his instructions . 
 shannon moved slowly . 
 she was terrified and shane started kicking profusely inside her stomach . 
 the intruder did n't seem to be irritated by the sluggishness of shannon lasher . 
 he waited patiently for her to climb down the steps and off of the back porch . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 sebastian asked . 
 he held his hands out to assist his wife as she neared the bottom step . 
 he helped her onto the grass . 
 `` now , we take a little walk down toward the beach , '' the intruder said . 
 he pointed the gun clear at shannon 's stomach and at shane . 
 shane 's parents followed his orders and walked toward the sandy beach . 
 the sun had almost set completely . 
 it gave off a deep reddish hue that pierced through the trees , transcending the skyline into a spectrum of red colors leading to black . 
 as shane 's parents struggled to reach the beach , they noticed something only meters away . 
 just before the grass became sand , there was a long , thin object jutting out of the ground . 
 shane 's father first realized what they walked towards . 
 there was a shovel stuck out of the ground ahead . 
 `` what is this for ? '' 
 sebastian asked . 
 he halted their walk just paces away from the shovel . 
 `` i want you to dig , '' the intruder demanded . 
 `` why ? '' 
 shannon screamed while tears ran down her face . 
 `` dig , '' the intruder whispered . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 sebastian begged . 
 the intruder pointed the gun at sebastian 's unborn son . 
 `` dig , '' the intruder ordered . 
 `` okay , '' sebastian replied . 
 he stepped in front of the gun , shielding his wife and shane . 
 he looked over at the shovel with a grimaced expression . 
 he rolled up his shirt sleeves and leaned into his wife . 
 he kissed her and moved toward the shovel . 
 shannon stepped back . 
 the intruder followed her . 
 he pointed the gun at her . 
 he never lowered it , not even an inch . 
 sebastian dug until he could n't lift his arms , and then he dug some more . 
 he was afraid of what the hole was for . 
 it looked like a grave . 
 `` stop . 
 that is enough , '' the intruder said . 
 he stepped closer to sebastian and the grave . 
 he knelt down and reached out his hand . 
 `` shovel , '' he said . 
 sebastian handed the shovel up to him . 
 the intruder stepped back and stabbed the shovel hard into the earth . 
 `` get out , '' he said . 
 shane 's father reached up to the sides of the hole and struggled to pull himself out of it . 
 when he finally stood up on his feet , chunks and particles of dirt blew off of him and into the wind . 
 `` stay , '' the intruder said . 
 he reached out to shannon and grabbed her arm . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 sebastian asked in an alarmed tone . 
 `` stay ! '' 
 the intruder replied , sharply . 
 the intruder took shannon 's arm and dragged her into the tree line and the darkness surrounding it . 
 after a few moments , sebastian glanced over at the shovel . 
 he thought about using it as a weapon . 
 he began to inch towards it . 
 carefully , he moved closer and closer . 
 he hoped that the intruder was not watching from the darkness . 
 suddenly , sebastian heard a noise . 
 it was faint at first and then grew louder . 
 the noise was n't from the forest . 
 it came from the beach , from the water . 
 sebastian looked out over the bay . 
 he saw in the distance a glimmer , a reflection off of something metal . 
 he squinted his eyes . 
 a small fishing boat drifted along the water . 
 it coasted near the other side of the bay . 
 he wanted to run towards the shoreline and jump up and down . 
 he wanted to call out to the occupants of the boat like a marooned castaway seeing the first passing ship in months , but the intruder still held his wife captive . 
 then another sound entered sebastian 's ears . 
 this sound came from the forest . 
 it was a scuffing sound like something was being dragged across the hard ground . 
 slowly , he watched as his wife stepped out of the darkness . 
 she had tear-filled eyes . 
 she towed something behind her . 
 it was tied to a short length of thickly knotted rope . 
 as she came clearer into view , sebastian saw that she dragged a large object like a mule plowing the fields . 
 sebastian thought that it might have been a canoe . 
 the intruder followed behind her pointing the gun at her back . 
 then he pointed it at sebastian . 
 `` stay ! '' 
 he called out . 
 sebastian watched in complete horror as his pregnant wife dragged what appeared to be a large wooden box , not a canoe . 
 as the object became clearer to sebastian , he winced in utter terror . 
 he now knew what the hole was for . 
 his wife towed a coffin behind her . 
 oh god , he 's going to bury us ! 
 sebastian thought . 
 shannon stopped just shy of the deep hole that her husband had dug . 
 the intruder flipped the lid off of the coffin and half-shoved , half-slid the box into the hole with his foot . 
 it landed perfectly on its bottom . 
 the lid remained open , barely attached to the body of the coffin by a couple of loose hinges . 
 sebastian saw that the intruder now held two guns . 
 he struggled to adjust his eyes to study the second gun , which appeared quite large . 
 then he realized that it was not a regular gun . 
 it was large and bulky with a cylinder top on it . 
 the top looked like a jar . 
 then sebastian recognized what the second gun was for . 
 it was a nail gun . 
 `` lasher , '' the intruder whispered in his dark voice . 
 `` yes , '' shane 's father replied . 
 he trembled at the thought of what this man planned for them . 
 `` i 'm here to rob you , and only rob you . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , '' he said . 
 sebastian 's fear subsided , but only slightly . 
 `` lower her in , '' the intruder whispered . 
 shannon 's eyes burst open as wide as they could . 
 she began to tremble in overwhelming fear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 sebastian shouted . 
 the intruder pointed the gun again at shannon 's stomach . 
 `` lower her in , '' the intruder said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i need you to have incentive to help me . 
 she is insurance . 
 that is all , '' he said . 
 sebastian looked into his wife 's eyes . 
 she trembled . 
 `` lower her in or i will shoot her and she will fall in . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' sebastian said to shannon . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 she cried . 
 sebastian , having no choice , took her by the wrists and carefully lowered her down into the coffin . 
 her legs lay out across the cold , wooden bottom . 
 shane kicked violently inside her . 
 he grew unsettled and upset from all of the commotion . 
 the intruder waited until she was completely inside of the coffin . 
 `` step back , '' he said to sebastian . 
 sebastian moved back towards the beach . 
 he kicked up sand with the heels of his shoes . 
 the intruder gazed down in the pit at shannon , who cried like a new born child . 
 sebastian glanced over his shoulder towards the spot where he had seen the fishing boat . 
 he saw the glimmer from the vessel . 
 it was still out there . 
 oh please , help us , he thought . 
 the intruder kicked the coffin lid shut . 
 it flapped close over the top of shannon and the unborn shane . 
 sebastian turned back in horror . 
 the intruder jumped down on top of the coffin . 
 with extremely fast reflexes , he nailed the coffin lid shut with six good shots with the nail gun . 
 sebastian only had seconds to take advantage of the intruder 's lack of attention on him . 
 he looked at the shovel and back at the fishing boat . 
 the boat seemed to move closer , but it was still far away . 
 he decided to make a move for the shovel . 
 he was only inches from it , when the intruder intervened . 
 `` go ahead . 
 grab it , '' the intruder said , pointing the colt straight at him . 
 sebastian froze . 
 `` grab it . '' 
 sebastian picked up the shovel . 
 `` bury her , '' the intruder said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` bury her . '' 
 sebastian looked at the pit with the coffin . 
 sluggishly , he walked over to it and began throwing dirt on top of his wife 's coffin . 
 he could hear her screams as the sounds of dirt hit the top of the coffin . 
 he shouted encouragements back at shannon through the entire process . 
 he said , `` it 'll be okay , baby . '' 
 `` hang in there , baby . 
 i 'm going to get you out really soon . '' 
 after she was completely buried , the intruder walked over to the mound of dirt and patted it with his foot . 
 sebastian fought to hold back his rage . 
 the intruder motioned for him to walk over to the tree line away from the house . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? 
 i thought that you were going to rob us ? '' 
 `` walk and bring the shovel , '' the intruder said , motioning to the trees . 
 with little choice , sebastian did as he was ordered . 
 before they disappeared into the darkness around the trees , he glanced one more time at the fishing boat . 
 it floated away from the shore and off into the distance . 
 in the darkness , sebastian could barely see , but he sensed that the intruder was still following him closely . 
 they walked a short distance . 
 `` stop , '' the intruder ordered . 
 sebastian stopped . 
 his eyes struggled to make out the ground in front of him . 
 he was almost certain that it was not there . 
 `` lasher , '' the intruder said . 
 he pulled a flashlight out of his coat . 
 suddenly , there was a bright light shining in sebastian 's eyes . 
 `` follow the beam , '' the intruder commanded . 
 sebastian stared directly into the beam . 
 the intruder moved it towards the ground . 
 the beam moved like a spotlight along the swaying grass . 
 the intruder stopped it just beyond where sebastian stood . 
 sebastian gasped in terror . 
 he laid his eyes upon a tombstone . 
 it jutted out of the ground , slightly crooked . 
 the tablet read : here lies sebastian lasher : a bastard lawyer `` no ! '' 
 sebastian shouted . 
 he turned back towards the source of the light . 
 he heard the intruder laughing . 
 the sinister laugh echoed in his ears and into his brain . 
 the beam from the flashlight moved to the intruder 's face . 
 he removed his mask . 
 sebastian 's heart pounded out of his chest . 
 it was the most terrifying moment of his life . 
 he stared into the intruder 's eyes . 
 they were not human eyes . 
 in the darkness , they looked like large , black orbs . 
 the intruder pointed the gun at sebastian 's chest and then lowered it to his knees . 
 he shot him twice in each leg . 
 sebastian cried out in agony and fell back into a deep pit . 
 it was a hole that he had not noticed before . 
 he landed hard into a wooden box , another coffin . 
 the intruder stepped closer to the ledge above him . 
 he revealed the shovel . 
 he stabbed it into the ground next to the hole . 
 he vanished out of sebastian 's sight for only a moment and then returned with the lid for the coffin . 
 he tossed it on top of sebastian 's coffin . 
 `` help ! 
 help us ! '' 
 sebastian cried out , hoping that someone would hear his screams . 
 the lid quickly muffled his pleas for salvation . 
 the intruder nailed the lid shut . 
 sebastian stopped shouting and waited for the horrible sound that would come next . 
 he waited for it and it came . 
 it was the sound of dirt bellowing on top of the coffin 's lid . 
 | | | | | `` i 'm telling you that i heard gunshots , '' gregory mcbride said . 
 `` we do n't know what that was , dork , '' bradley mcbride replied . 
 `` just go back to fishing . '' 
 the brothers were n't supposed to be out so late . 
 they snuck out with their father 's boat after their parents went to sleep . 
 bradley , the older brother , feared getting caught . 
 after all , their parents thought that greg was an angel . 
 so bradley was the one who would get blamed and punished . 
 a deadly calm swept over the bay for most of the night . 
 the gunshots interrupted that calm . 
 the sound echoed in the boys ' ears like a banshee wailing across the water . 
 gregory stared at the lasher 's private beach . 
 `` bradley , that is that lawyer 's house , '' he said , pointing at the beach . 
 `` so what ? 
 mind your own business . 
 we still have to finish this beer , and then go home before dad discovers that we snuck out , '' bradley said . 
 gregory looked at his older brother , and then he returned his attention to the beach . 
 he squinted his eyes . 
 he thought that he saw something on the edge of the coastline . 
 gregory reached down and grabbed a pair of binoculars from out of the tackle box . 
 he pointed them at the private beach . 
 he gazed through the eyeholes , squinting hard , trying to see clearly in the darkness . 
 he studied the beach . 
 suddenly , he saw a tall , dark figure standing at the edge of the water and sand . 
 shocked , he stumbled and tripped back onto the boat , bumping into his brother . 
 bradley fumbled around with his fishing pole , trying to catch it before it fell into the water . 
 it was too late . 
 his brother had knocked it out of his hand . 
 `` shit ! 
 greg ! '' 
 bradley said . 
 he slapped his little brother in the back of the head . 
 `` bradley , '' gregory said . 
 `` greg , i had a huge fish on the line and now dad 's favorite pole is drifting in the bay . '' 
 `` bradley , there is something on that beach , '' gregory said . 
 `` what are you babbling about ? '' 
 `` the lawyer 's beach . 
 there is someone or something there , '' gregory said , bradley swiped the binoculars out of gregory 's hand and took a reluctant look for himself . 
 he adjusted the sights . 
 the beach was out of focus for him . 
 as it came into focus , bradley began to tremble . 
 he saw it too . 
 on the edge of the beach , a man stood staring directly back at them . 
 the man was definitely not supposed to be there . 
 he wore a black ski mask . 
 `` we have to tell someone , bradley . '' 
 bradley mcbride set down the binoculars for a moment as if he paused to think clearly . 
 then he gazed through them once more at the beach . 
 the man was gone . 
 he searched around the area . 
 he found the man . 
 he stood next to what looked like a tombstone . 
 bradley watched as the man propped the tombstone up on top of a mound of dirt . 
 `` let 's get father , '' bradley said . 
 the boys started the boat 's motor and began to return home . 
 | | | | | shannon lasher 's chest panted heavily . 
 her body was covered in sweat . 
 her air was running out . 
 she was desperate to survive , to see her unborn son . 
 she ran out of energy long ago . 
 her fingernails were blood soaked from trying to claw her way out of the coffin . 
 inside her womb , something else clawed its way out . 
 something dark was happening . 
 shane kicked and struggled violently . 
 as she fought to free herself from her tomb , shane fought to free himself of her womb . 
 something traumatic happened to him , something evil . 
 shane fought and kicked until shannon 's water broke . 
 she screamed and screamed . 
 she was going into labor . 
 shane was coming out prematurely , but he was coming out . 
 shane kicked and stirred . 
 then he kicked again . 
 suddenly , darkness overcame his insides . 
 within moments , i was conscience . 
 we had to escape . 
 i had to live . 
 shannon screamed more and more . 
 i squirmed and swam the inside of shane . 
 he , in turn , squirmed inside of shannon . 
 a moment later , she went into full on labor . 
 she pushed and heaved . 
 the pain overwhelmed her . 
 the pain was me . 
 it was my birth . 
 painfully , shannon lasher heaved and panted , trying desperately to push out her child . 
 after great agony , she succeeded . 
 we emerged from shannon lasher 's womb . 
 covered in blood , we were alive . 
 horror fused us together as one being . 
 shannon looked down at us . 
 she could barely see anything in the darkness of the coffin . 
 all she could see was our shadow rustling about beneath her waistline . 
 we looked like an unnamable creature , a critter crawling up her wet legs . 
 shannon 's body grew numb from the pain caused by our birth . 
 she neared death . 
 we did not cry like most newborns . 
 for a moment , she feared that shane was dead . 
 he was born far too early . 
 he was not dead . 
 i kept him alive . 
 we were alive . 
 suddenly , a loud banging sound crashed above us . 
 we heard voices . 
 someone was digging up the coffin . 
 the cavalry arrived just in the nick of time . 
 shannon 's frail body fought to make a sound . 
 she muttered , `` help me . '' 
 a sliver of light crept through the coffin 's lid . 
 the light fell across her belly , exposing my reptilian features to the world for the first time . 
 she used her remaining strength to lift her head up to look upon her baby , upon shane . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 she muttered . 
 `` shane ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 she looked for shane , but she saw only me , cradled in the darkness between her legs . 
 she saw the blackness in our eyes . 
 her baby 's eyes were huge , black orbs like a serpent 's , like a shark 's , like some unnamed subspecies born out of the depths of the ocean . 
 at that moment , i controlled shane . 
 i saved us . 
 `` oh god ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 she looked on me with terror in her eyes . 
 she looked at me like i was a demon . 
 again she asked , `` what are you ? '' 
 those were her last words , her final words . 
 she spoke and then she was dead . 
 her heart failed . 
 her body failed . 
 terror killed her . 
 i was the abomination that stared at her in the darkness . 
 the sight of me killed her . 
 i was the evil thing that pushed my way out of her . 
 i made my first kill . 
 i drew first blood . 
 i killed our mother . 
 a single moment later , the coffin 's lid flew open . 
 standing over me was a group of police officers wielding shovels . 
 just as a flood of red and blue police lights engulfed our coffin , my eyes returned to shane 's eyes . 
 i allowed him to come to the surface . 
 he cried like a normal baby . 
 i left no sign that i existed . 
 i hid inside him , nestled in my new home , my new life . 
 most people are buried in a coffin . 
 i was born in one . 
 i was slasher . 
 i was shane 's devil . 
 | | | | | the ghosts of our past faded into memory . 
 shane stared down at the skeleton of gillard shutter . 
 he was filled with doubt . 
 he doubted me , doubted my instincts , and doubted that we killed the right man . 
 shane had never doubted me before . 
 he feared that we had made the wrong choice . 
 he started to think that maybe gillard was not the real stonecutter . 
 i admit that it was possible that i saw him wrong , but i was sure that i saw a killer inside him -- -- a killer like me . 
 maybe he was just the wrong killer . 
 we had to catch the new killer . 
 we had to right our wrong . 
 perhaps , the stonecutter had an accomplice . 
 or perhaps , it was just a copycat . 
 or maybe it was the real deal . 
 maybe he set us up . 
 at any rate he had to die . 
 gillard shutter was dead now . 
 it was too late for him . 
 if shane needed redemption , there was only one way to have it . 
 we had to kill the stonecutter again . 
 shane 's phone rang . 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled it out . 
 the display showed a new picture of ally . 
 she was topless , but covering her breasts with her hands . 
 she must have updated her facebook picture at work . 
 his iphone synced the facebook pictures of all of his contacts . 
 `` new modeling pictures ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 ally giggled . 
 `` anyway , i told you not to interrupt me today . '' 
 `` sorry shane . 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` okay , '' shane said . 
 he listened astutely . 
 `` det. sun good called . 
 she wanted to speak to you . 
 they arrested a suspect in the new stonecutter murders . 
 she said that the fbi has some incriminating evidence on him , '' ally said . 
 `` who is the suspect ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 he could barely contain the excitement that we felt . 
 in one day the fbi had done our legwork for us . 
 `` she would n't say . '' 
 `` find out ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` i thought that you might ask that . 
 so , i tried to find out . 
 i used all of our sources in the police force , the county jail , i even called my ex-boyfriend -- -- the fbi agent . 
 no one is giving up the stonecutter 's identity , '' ally said . 
 `` that 's strange . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i did learn something interesting though . 
 apparently , the suspect has something to do with the secret service . '' 
 `` secret service ? '' 
 shane asked , surprised . 
 he looked up toward the sky with a confused expression on his face . 
 she got my attention . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good work , ally . 
 i will be back in d.c. soon . '' 
 `` shane , there is one more thing . 
 it is important , '' ally said . 
 she cleared her throat over the phone . 
 she sounded nervous . 
 shane had never known ally embers to be nervous . 
 `` ally ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` mr. graves 's office called . 
 he wants you to call him immediately . 
 he is in town . 
 he wants you to meet him , '' ally said . 
 `` great , '' shane said . 
 `` shane , it might be about your partnership . 
 his secretary said he was n't happy that you were not around . '' 
 `` i 'm on my way back , '' shane said . 
 he hung up . 
 we looked back down at shutter 's skeleton . 
 shane began shoveling the dirt back on top of the grave . 
 he whispered , `` sorry . '' 
 he finished reburying gillard shutter and patted the mound of dirt . 
 he walked past his parents ' graves and thought about them for a moment . 
 the new stonecutter would die . 
 if he was a copycat , we would dispatch him as normal . 
 however , if he turned out to be the real stonecutter , then we would have to make special arrangements , unforgettable arrangements . 
 4 suspect `` do n't waste your time on me . 
 you 're already the voice inside my head . '' 
 -- -- blink 182 , i miss you . 
 | | | | | the cops arrested a suspect for the new string of stonecutter murders . 
 shane and i were eager to learn about him . 
 shane sped his car through the winding country roads away from his family estate and down the freeway towards d.c. . 
 he pushed all of his work off until he could learn more about the stonecutter suspect . 
 we both wanted to know who the man was . 
 he wanted to know if the new suspect was the man who killed his parents and created the dark monster that inhabited him -- -- me . 
 i 'll admit that i felt estranged because of this stonecutter mess , but we had to get to the bottom of it , even if it took us to the pits of hell . 
 shane turned on his cell phone and dialed terrance graves ' number . 
 the at&t bars were half full . 
 being out this far from civilization provided little cell phone coverage . 
 too bad we could n't reach down , grab one of those bars off of the screen and beat our at&t salesman to death with it . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 a voice finally answered . 
 `` terrance ? '' 
 `` shane ? '' 
 the voice asked . 
 `` i 've been waiting for your call . '' 
 `` sorry terrance , i should have been here sooner . 
 i had a personal errand to run . '' 
 `` i hope that it is finished now . 
 i need you back . '' 
 `` for the moment , it is dead and buried , '' shane said , a hint of my voice echoed behind his . 
 `` good . 
 i need you to come by the grand hotel in the downtown plaza . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 what is this about ? '' 
 shane said . 
 `` i ca n't explain over the phone . 
 just try to be here soon . '' 
 `` terrance , i have to swing by the office first . 
 there is something that i need to pick up , '' shane said . 
 `` no . 
 come straight here . 
 this is a priority , '' terrance replied . 
 `` whatever else that you have going on can wait until after . '' 
 we wanted to go to the office in order to find out about this new suspect . 
 the only thing that was more important was protecting our secret . 
 in order to do that , sometimes i had to adhere to the needs of shane 's life . 
 that was the balance that we maintained between our worlds . 
 this was a case where shane 's boss needed him . 
 we could wait until after morning to find out about the suspect . 
 he was n't going anywhere . 
 besides , terrance graves rarely came out of the new york city office . 
 however , today , he was in d.c. and he wanted shane to meet with him . 
 whatever he wanted to meet about must have been important . 
 `` okay , terrance . 
 i should be there within the hour , '' shane replied . 
 `` good . 
 when you get here , go to the fourth floor . 
 secret service will be waiting for you . 
 tell them who you are and they will let you in , '' terrance said . 
 `` see you then . '' 
 `` secret service ? '' 
 shane asked , speaking into an already dead line . 
 terrance hung up the phone abruptly . 
 the mention of the secret service shocked both of us . 
 highly trained , government bodyguards made us nervous . 
 living in d.c. had forced us to encounter them before . 
 they even patted us down for weapons before , but never had we gone to a hotel and voluntarily allowed them to frisk us without knowing what we were getting into first . 
 it felt like we were going into a location filled with guys who were trained to smoke out our kind , like entering the lion 's den . 
 i guess the only way that shane and i were going to find out why terrance was with the secret service was to check it out . 
 shane was more nervous than i was . 
 he was close to making partner in his father 's firm . 
 now was not the time to be off vanishing . 
 and terrance had caught us doing just that . 
 terrance possessed enormous influence with the board , although , it was no longer just his firm . 
 every member of the board had a stake in graves and associates . 
 they owned it collectively . 
 they were the unnamed partners . 
 still , we did n't need terrance angry with shane . 
 now , we had to appease him more than ever . 
 so we headed to his important meeting with the u.s. secret service . 
 | | | | | back in washington , d.c. , shane 's black mercedes pulled up into valet at the grand hotel . 
 a young man ran up to our car and took the keys . 
 shane looked up to the top of the hotel . 
 he sighed . 
 he was not looking forward to going into a mysterious meeting without knowing any details . 
 he was a tiger crawling into the tall grass without knowing what other beasts lurked in the thick brush . 
 what was terrance doing with the secret service ? 
 what was so important that it could n't wait until after we had discovered the identity of the stonecutter suspect ? 
 suddenly , shane realized something that we both completely overlooked . 
 ally said a strange thing earlier . 
 she said that the secret service was keeping the identity of the stonecutter suspect a secret . 
 i wondered if this meeting was about the stonecutter suspect . 
 now , i was intrigued to learn more . 
 shane entered the hotel and surveyed the lobby . 
 immediately , we noticed one agent stationed there . 
 he sat on a sofa near a majestic , albeit fake , fireplace . 
 he read a magazine , but stared directly at us as we entered . 
 shane looked over to the elevators . 
 a man and two kids waited for the lift to open . 
 we walked toward them . 
 the doors opened and we got on the elevator with them . 
 `` what floor ? '' 
 the man asked , motioning to the buttons . 
 `` four . 
 thank you , '' shane replied . 
 the doors shut and we began going up . 
 then suddenly , the elevator stopped . 
 it appeared stuck . 
 `` shit , what now ? 
 not another power failure ? '' 
 the man said . 
 the elevator was quite crammed . 
 the lights on the ceiling flickered , initiating the beginning stages of shane 's claustrophobia , something that i was n't prepared for . 
 uncontrollably , i began coming to the surface of shane . 
 for only a brief moment , we lost the balance and his eyes became black . 
 one of the children , a little boy , stared directly up at me . 
 he winced in terror as he saw the dark , crawly thing that lived inside shane . 
 he grabbed a tight hold of his father 's pants leg . 
 he trembled and held on for dear life as he looked again and saw that i faded from shane 's surface back into my hole in his brain . 
 `` sir , what is wrong with you ? '' 
 the man said , jerking the boy up hard by his arm , almost dislocating it . 
 `` calm down ! '' 
 shane blurted out . 
 he stared coldly at the boy 's father as my claws retracted into him . 
 the man 's expression was one of utter shock and terror . 
 slowly , he released his son from his abusive grasp . 
 the elevator had resumed and the doors opened to the third floor . 
 a single moment passed . 
 `` this is your floor , '' shane said in a voice that was perfectly pleasant as if nothing happened . 
 the man scooped his terrified son up in his arms and jerked his daughter by the wrist . 
 the trio exited the elevator at a speed that was virtually a leap and as they ran out . 
 the doors closed . 
 we were left alone in the elevator 's box . 
 suddenly , standing in the box , shane and i experienced a flash of something that we had n't felt in a long time . 
 we felt fear . 
 the air in the elevator 's car seemed to evaporate . 
 shane 's chest began heaving . 
 we were overwhelmed with an abrupt sense of claustrophobia , my achilles ' heel . 
 we had n't experienced claustrophobia in years . 
 this was not a good sign . 
 occasionally , a confined , dark space reminded me of the coffin . 
 whenever shane felt the fear of being confined , it overwhelmed him . 
 he froze up . 
 like a car frozen on the side of the freeway during a blizzard , he stalled out . 
 it was up to me to rise to the surface and protect us . 
 luckily , the lights flickered back on . 
 the elevator doors opened again and we were safe on the fourth floor . 
 shane returned to normal . 
 he stepped out into the hall . 
 the hotel looked expensive . 
 the hallways consisted of crown molding , antique fixtures , and vibrant colors . 
 standing in the open elevator doors were two serious looking secret service agents . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 `` yes , '' shane answered . 
 `` please , raise your arms and spread your legs ? '' 
 shane did as they asked . 
 one agent frisked us . 
 he searched shane so hard that i feared he might find me lurking in my shadowy hiding place . 
 after a moment , he stood up and the other agent seemed to relax more . 
 `` okay , mr. lasher . 
 you can continue . 
 the secretary is expecting you , '' the agent said . 
 the secretary ? 
 i thought . 
 `` head down the hall . 
 around the corner , go to room 416 . 
 there is an agent posted out front . 
 you ca n't miss him . '' 
 shane smiled at the agents and continued down the hall as instructed . 
 i recoiled in my hiding place , lowering my guard . 
 at room 416 , an agent waited . 
 he knew that shane approached . 
 he stood at attention and opened the door as we neared . 
 he motioned for shane to enter . 
 inside the hotel room , shane noticed that it overlooked a french cafe near the national mall . 
 the suite was large . 
 the living area was carpeted , had four large sofas , and a flat screen tv attached to the wall . 
 the first thing that i noticed was the number of guards posted : one guard patrolled the balcony ; two roamed the halls , one stood at the door , one waited in the lobby , and one stood idle in the kitchen . 
 the secretary , whoever that was , had at least a six guards protecting him . 
 seated on the sofas were two well-dressed assistants . 
 they scribbled notes while occasionally texting on their cell phones . 
 shane was so silent that no one even noticed that we had entered the room . 
 he cleared his throat in order to make his presence known to the assistants . 
 one of them put down her phone and looked up at him . 
 she squinted her eyes and adjusted her wire-rimmed glasses . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes , '' shane answered . 
 `` you look just like your magazine pictures , '' she said , standing up . 
 she looked him up and down . 
 `` thanks , '' shane replied . 
 i knew those pictures were a bad idea , but shane thought they would help maintain a human image . 
 i thought that the only reason that he wanted to do them was to feed his vanity . 
 `` do you think that i can have your autograph ? '' 
 she asked . 
 shane was a little surprised . 
 he still was getting used to his celebrity status . 
 `` sure , '' shane answered . 
 the assistant was about ten years older than we were and had no wedding ring on . 
 great . 
 `` what should i sign ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 at the tail end of his question , she pulled out the gq issue that he posed for last year . 
 she carried it with her ? 
 how pathetic , i thought . 
 `` i just happened to have picked it up this morning out of my car , '' the assistant said . 
 `` ok . 
 this is my first autograph , '' he lied . 
 `` so , what do you want me to write ? '' 
 `` something clever , '' she answered . 
 that 's helpful . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 `` marsha , '' she said , pulling a black marker quickly out of her purse , like a gunslinger from the old west drawing his gun . 
 she held it out to him . 
 shane reached out , grabbed the magazine and the marker from her . 
 he stared at the cover . 
 his eyes followed the perfect design of his exposed abs . 
 he wondered if they air brushed them . 
 suddenly , shane was stumped . 
 so i took the marker and wrote : to my fan , marsha . 
 meeting you was killer ! 
 your friend , shane lasher shane returned the magazine and marker back to her . 
 she giggled after reading the message . 
 `` shane , '' a voice said from the shadows of the master bedroom . 
 we looked up to see terrance graves appearing from the doorway . 
 he stood tall and lean for a man in his fifties . 
 the suit he wore was flawless . 
 it was black without a single wrinkle , only perfect creases . 
 behind terrance , a woman in her fifties stepped out of the bedroom . 
 she wore a pants suit that looked overly worn . 
 it was dark blue with a crinkled , white top underneath -- -- definitely the attire of a busy politician . 
 shane recognized her face . 
 at first he could n't place it . 
 he only knew that she was famous . 
 `` shane , i 'd like you to meet , eline kline , the secretary of state . '' 
 the secretary of state was in fact very famous . 
 her husband was a former president . 
 she was very political . 
 what was she doing meeting with us ? 
 i wondered . 
 `` hi . 
 nice to meet you , '' shane said , extending his hand out for a handshake . 
 as she shook it , she studied him from head to toe , assessing what kind of lawyer he was . 
 the kline family experienced their fair share of lawyers . 
 scandals plagued the kline 's due to eline 's unfaithful husband and his escapades with young interns . 
 eline kline was infamously direct . 
 she was a no-nonsense politician . 
 she was also highly intelligent , but shane was not intimidated . 
 he had me . 
 `` shane , we need to speak to you candidly , '' terrance said . 
 `` of course . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 he was dumbfounded by all the secrecy , not to mention the armed guards . 
 the mechanical cogs and wheels turned and coiled in shane 's head . 
 i was gearing up , alert . 
 i was ready to spring out in case shane needed me . 
 `` this matter is delicate . 
 let 's go out onto the balcony . 
 i will explain , '' terrance said , guiding them over to the sliding glass doors . 
 shane , terrance , and the secretary walked out to the balcony overlooking constitution avenue . 
 terrance looked at the secretary and back at shane . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 shane blurted out once again and without my consent . 
 `` i know that you worked hard on the stonecutter case . 
 i know that you successfully got gillard shutter off . 
 now , we need your help again . 
 mrs. kline is an extremely important client . 
 she and i have had a long professional and personal relationship together . '' 
 shane nodded . 
 `` mr. lasher , '' eline kline interrupted with a thick massachusetts accent , `` i have five children . 
 they are all grown . 
 my oldest son is forty-five years old . 
 his oldest is twenty-one and has a baby . 
 i am a great grandmother . 
 i am the secretary of state for the united states of america , and i am asking for your help . '' 
 eline kline 's posture faltered . 
 her demeanor appeared to be flooding with emotions . 
 she teared up . 
 that was not something that either shane or i expected from such a professional and put-together politician . 
 terrance placed his hand on her shoulder in order to calm her . 
 i noticed that their relationship was friendly , familiar , and even perhaps flirtatious . 
 this was all interesting to shane , but the only thing i wanted to know was who the new stonecutter suspect was . 
 i needed to know his identity . 
 i craved it . 
 i needed to know if he was the one who created me . 
 shane needed to know . 
 we wanted the stonecutter for ourselves . 
 we needed to know if he was the real deal or a faker . 
 `` eline needs you to represent one of her sons , '' terrance said . 
 `` her son ? 
 what does he need representation for ? '' 
 `` lies ! 
 they lie about him ! '' 
 eline said , bursting into the conversation and shane 's personal space as she latched onto him . 
 her fingertips squeezed the sleeves of his jacket . 
 this woman surprised even me with her desperation . 
 the secret service agent that was posted on the balcony reacted to her outburst . 
 he stepped forward and waited until he realized that she did not need him . 
 he was quick . 
 i had to be careful around them . 
 i was the scavenger , creeping through the alligator 's nest of eggs . 
 one falter or slip and i could get eaten . 
 `` shane , the secretary 's son is the stonecutter suspect , '' terrance said , reaching out to eline and embracing her in his arms like a concerned brother would . 
 her son was the stonecutter ? 
 now , i was aroused . 
 now shane and i listened with deadly focus . 
 `` help him , mr. lasher . 
 he is my son . 
 my baby . 
 please help him , '' eline begged . 
 `` shane is the very best , eline . 
 i 'm sure that he will do what he can for your son . '' 
 shane took hold of eline 's hand . 
 we squeezed it tightly . 
 shane tried to reassure her by staring deep into her eyes , giving her the same fake smile that he gave his clients just before i killed them . 
 oh , everything will be alright . 
 i will make it alright . 
 i thought . 
 `` i will acquit him of these outrageous charges . 
 i will save your son , madame secretary , '' shane said , nodding . 
 i grinned beneath his surface . 
 my eyes gleamed through shane 's . 
 i peered at this woman . 
 she had no idea what i was going to do to her monster of a son . 
 he was forty-five years old . 
 he was old enough to have killed shane 's parents . 
 if he was our creator , then he faced a deadly reckoning . 
 `` eline let me speak with mr. lasher alone . 
 i will join you promptly in the living room , '' terrance said . 
 he stared into shane 's eyes and cocked his head to one side , studying shane . 
 in that brief moment , i thought that he saw me . 
 i thought that he recognized me . 
 i must have lost sight of caution . 
 i got too excited . 
 we watched as eline kline glanced back at shane once more before exiting the balcony . 
 she was a strong , well-polished woman . 
 however , her eyes begged for shane to help free her son from captivity . 
 family was her weakness , but i supposed that that 's what being human meant . 
 humans felt sadness , loss , a sense of protection over their offspring . 
 serial killers were not like that . 
 for shane , there had never been anyone that he cared enough about to die for , not in our entire existence . 
 sure , we would kill for almost any reason , but eline kline appeared as though she was willing to die for her son . 
 beyond the lifelong politician , there was a mother fearing that her first born son was a monster . 
 she feared that he would go to the electric chair , a fear that i understood better than anyone . 
 terrance smiled at her , reassuring her . 
 as soon as she was out of earshot , terrance glared back at shane with a stinging look of disappointment . 
 `` shane , you have been a great asset to this firm . 
 since the first case that you led , you have had a phenomenal winning ratio , but your interview with vanity fair has cast an unwelcomed light on our firm , our reputation , '' terrance said . 
 `` how do you know what i said in that interview ? 
 it has n't even come out yet , '' shane asked . 
 terrance merely looked at shane . 
 guess that somehow he had gotten an early copy of it , probably from anna black . 
 terrance walked over to the balcony and leaned over the railing , looking down at the street . 
 his stature was menacing . 
 he had been a successful trial lawyer for decades , and now he ran a wealthy firm . 
 when he wanted to , he could portray a tyrant , and he was doing just that . 
 it used to intimidate shane , but he knew that he had me . 
 he stood strong , unfaltering to terrance 's demeanor like two bears meeting in the wild . 
 still , terrance always impressed me . 
 he definitely had a dark side . 
 that allowed him to be such a good attorney . 
 empathy made both a villain and a great lawyer . 
 `` i do n't mean to disappoint you , terrance . 
 i thought that the article would be good for my career . '' 
 `` good for your career as an underwear model ? '' 
 he asked , sternly waiting for shane 's reaction . 
 `` it is not good for this firm . 
 you only think of yourself . 
 graves and associates is the name of our firm . 
 everything that you do publicly reflects upon us all . 
 i need you to remember that , '' terrance continued . 
 he poked his finger in shane 's chest , just like he did whenever we misbehaved as an adolescent . 
 funny how he was around to discipline us and never most any other time , i thought . 
 `` i 'm sorry , terrance . 
 i got a little carried away , '' shane admitted . 
 i agreed . 
 the spread was unnecessary exposure . 
 we were both flying high . 
 we should 've been more humble . 
 i should 've been more scrutinizing of shane 's behavior . 
 `` shane , '' terrance said , turning to face him . 
 `` the board is going to find out about the article sooner or later . 
 some of the partners have been aligning against me . 
 our firm is not a dictatorship . 
 remember ? 
 each partner actually owns stock in us . 
 they are shareholders , and the shareholders are going to want action . 
 each of their votes counts . 
 you have become our highest profile lawyer overnight . 
 i need you to act like it matters . '' 
 `` you are right . 
 the last thing that i want to do is cause you grief . '' 
 `` us grief ? 
 you are a part of this family too , '' terrance said . 
 shane nodded . 
 `` good . 
 now this is your chance to redeem yourself . 
 take eline 's case . 
 meet with her son and evaluate him . 
 the police have some evidence on him . 
 it 's dna evidence . 
 it places him at the scene of one of the recent slayings , '' terrance said . 
 `` dna evidence ? 
 that is not good . '' 
 the secretary 's son might actually be the real stonecutter . 
 gillard , i wronged you . 
 we misjudged you . 
 many people possessed a killer instinct , but most of the time the darkness inside of them never hatched . 
 perhaps , gillard was one of those types . 
 perhaps , he was n't even aware of his demon . 
 i should have been more thorough ! 
 `` yes , dna evidence . 
 he claims that he was sleeping with angela frost . 
 they were having an affair . 
 mr. frost had no idea . '' 
 `` so , angela frost threatened to expose the secretary 's son to his family ? '' 
 shane speculated . 
 `` very good , shane . 
 yes , the police are working on this theory . 
 the secretary 's son had an affair with angela frost . 
 he tried to cover it up by killing her the way that he killed his other victims , '' terrance said . 
 `` is he the stonecutter ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` who cares ? 
 he is your new client . 
 get him off so we can help you save face with the board . 
 after all that you have accomplished , i want you to make partner . 
 that vanity fair spread will cause difficulty . 
 so meet with eline 's son and save him like you did gillard shutter , and paul verize . 
 save him . 
 and save yourself . '' 
 no pressure . 
 | | | | | shane was eager to kill the right murderer this time ; the man who killed his parents and robbed him of a normal life had to die . 
 it did n't matter whose son he was . 
 it did n't matter that terrance vouched for him . 
 if eline kline 's oldest son was the stonecutter , then he would die at my reptilian hands . 
 ever since our conversation with terrance , i have been coming to shane 's surface , showing my teeth . 
 i snapped at a few people already including the attendant at the 7/11 . 
 she talked on the phone while shane waited for change . 
 also , i snapped at the homeless man who tried to panhandle us on our way to shane 's car . 
 we spent most of the afternoon getting our affairs in order . 
 for our escape , shane bought one-way plane tickets out of the country . 
 we were flying to mexico . 
 from there , we would head to eastern europe and backtrack into france . 
 of course , shane purchased our tickets under an alias . 
 no one who looked for us would find us . 
 by the time that they had even gotten close ; we would be long gone . 
 he moved large sums of money into offshore accounts , splitting it up into different accounts in case one was seized by the fbi . 
 tonight , we would visit eline kline 's son , martin , in jail . 
 tonight he would die . 
 earlier , shane looked him up online . 
 his face seared the screen of our laptop . 
 he was a handsome , middle-aged man . 
 he resembled a forty something harrison ford . 
 it was so uncanny that martin kline could easily have doubled for mr. ford in a bio-picture about the actor . 
 shane discovered that martin had two children of his own and one grandson . 
 it was just as eline kline had said . 
 he had the picture-perfect life . 
 `` except you have a dark secret . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 shane asked out loud . 
 he stared at martin 's photo from the internet . 
 we looked through the laptop 's screen and deep into the pixels that formed martin 's eyes . 
 i could not see his creature , his killer , but he was there . 
 he had to be . 
 the first thing we did , after buying plane tickets , was fire up the kiln . 
 the flames hummed through the thick , steel walls of the large furnace . 
 we stared at our trophies . 
 all of the murder weapons that were never found in so many unsolved murders . 
 at least these cases were unsolved by the police . 
 of course , we solved each one , killed each killer , and kept their weapons as our souvenirs . 
 this part was much harder for shane than i had thought . 
 he did n't want to part with them and neither did i , but we needed to disappear , to leave no trace behind . 
 we could n't leave a shred of evidence for anyone to find . 
 we did n't want to entice the fbi into an international manhunt . 
 a celebrity lawyer that killed his clients was not someone that they would just let go . 
 before we went to visit the stonecutter , shane shredded all of the documents that could lead to any investigations into our devious acts . 
 he burned everything that was in our lair . 
 in the end , he grabbed the first murder weapon that we ever collected from a serial killer -- -- a sharp , serrated hunting knife . 
 he stared at it . 
 he tossed it into the belly of the kiln , feeding the monster . 
 the beastly furnace was not satisfied , but it would be . 
 we had plenty more trophies for it to feast upon . 
 | | | | | shane drove his benz up to the gates of the county jail . 
 a few armed guards patrolled the parameter of the high chain-linked fence . 
 the sun rappelled down the sky into the west . 
 the guards would begin to change shifts in the next hour . 
 we wanted to be out of the prison by then . 
 we wanted to be out before anyone discovered the body of martin kline . 
 new guards meant fresh awareness . 
 we needed to head for the airport by that time . 
 i wanted to watch the stonecutter suffer , but time was a factor . 
 this time i would kill him , and he would be gone forever . 
 he would pay for the mistake that i made . 
 i did n't feel any remorse for gillard shutter , but i could sense that shane 's guilt was turning into shame . 
 guilt and shame were not emotions that we had ever felt before . 
 i needed to rid shane of those feelings before they turned into cancerous remorse . 
 so i had no choice but to right the wrong that we committed . 
 i had to maintain balance in our existence . 
 killing the right stonecutter would achieve that . 
 shane pulled the car into the main gate . 
 a lanky guard with glasses and a clipboard walked out to the driver 's side window . 
 shane rolled it down . 
 `` yes sir . 
 can i help you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm a legal defender from graves and associates . 
 i 'm here by request of eline kline , '' shane answered . 
 his black , leather gloves clinched tightly to the steering wheel as i began to take control . 
 his skin tightened , loosened , and then flattened out as if there was a physical transformation taking place . 
 shane steadily transformed into the beast inside . 
 the guard peered down at the clipboard . 
 he flipped the pages a couple of times and then looked back at shane . 
 suddenly , the only features that he could make out were shane 's eyes . 
 the rest of his face was hidden by shadows . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 `` that 's me , '' i answered . 
 `` good . 
 they are expecting you . 
 drive forward . 
 park near the wall to the west . 
 go to the grey building . 
 follow the signs . '' 
 shane pulled the car into the facility . 
 the engine 's hum died down into silence like the slowing of a heart monitor on a patient 's death bed . 
 shane stepped out of the car . 
 we grabbed the kill-case . 
 the inner lining of this briefcase hid a string of razor-sharp piano wire . 
 in less than ten minutes , i would have the sharp chord around the stonecutter 's throat , strangling him . 
 i could n't wait to watch the black creature inside him wiggle to the surface and struggle for breath . 
 i salivated at the thought of watching martin kline 's black eyes turn lifeless . 
 shane pushed through the doors to the grey building and walked towards a security checkpoint . 
 two secret service agents stood outside of a white door . 
 they stopped us and began frisking shane and searching the kill-case . 
 luckily , we hid the compartment with the piano wire perfectly into the dark leather stitching of the case . 
 they would never find it . 
 an x-ray machine would n't find it . 
 it would simply appear as a coiled up stitch of fabric . 
 a demented grin overtook my face as the agent finished looking through my briefcase . 
 he found nothing suspicious . 
 he approved the kill-case to enter the prison with us . 
 `` continue , mr. lasher , '' the closest agent said . 
 we nodded at him and picked up the kill-case . 
 they stepped aside and opened the door for us . 
 it opened to a short hallway that led into a cafeteria . 
 the entire room was cleared out , except for one prisoner -- -- martin kline . 
 the secretary 's son sat at the far end of the room . 
 martin 's back was turned to us . 
 we could see the bright orange jumpsuit . 
 it was so bright against the white background of the cafeteria that it appeared as if the stonecutter was on fire . 
 i liked the idea of him sitting alone in a prison cafeteria engulfed in flames . 
 as shane crept slowly and quietly closer to his backside , i took over , completing the transformation . 
 i had full control over shane 's body . 
 i stopped several paces behind martin and lowered the kill-case . 
 cautiously and defiantly , i pulled the piano wire out of the case . 
 then i reeled the line in , winding it around my hands as tight as i could , making the wire ready to strangle the insidious killer in front of me . 
 as i neared martin 's back i lifted the wire up high over his head . 
 i was a moment away from my first strike on the stonecutter and then he spoke . 
 `` mr. lasher ? 
 please help me , '' he said . 
 he slightly cocked his head so that i could see his profile . 
 quickly , i dropped the wire out of his sight . 
 i studied his features and my jaw dropped in disbelief . 
 the suspect in front of me was not martin kline . 
 i retreated from shane 's surface . 
 then i stormed around to the front of the table where he sat and peered into the eyes of the secretary 's son . 
 it was her youngest son , alex. `` alex kline ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yes . 
 you are shane lasher right ? 
 my mother 's lawyer ? '' 
 shit ! 
 alex was their suspect ? 
 not martin ! 
 shit ! 
 this was not right . 
 alex was only twenty-one years old . 
 it was impossible . 
 he could n't have been the stonecutter . 
 i was created years before he was even born . 
 the police had the wrong man . 
 once again i was left without the stonecutter in my grasp . 
 5 lawyering up `` murder is commoner among cooks than any other profession . '' 
 -- -- w. h. auden . 
 | | | | | shane woke up early and skipped the gym . 
 instead we worked out at home . 
 we began with five hundred pushups , three hundred pull-ups , and one thousand crunches . 
 afterwards we repeated the process . 
 an hour later , shane took a shower and we both tried to forget about alex kline , and the unsatisfied feeling that was left deep inside our shared body . 
 after leaving the jail , shane and i felt the sting of insatiable hunger . 
 it was a hunger that was only satisfied with gallons of blood . 
 my appetite for blood leaked into shane 's gullet . 
 the sensation left both of us frustrated and starving ... craving . 
 a good night 's sleep and a hard morning workout could calm any unwanted feelings , even a serial killer 's bloodlust . 
 shane went into his closet and picked out a dark brioni suit with a sky blue silk tie . 
 after shaving and putting on the suit , shane felt like his old self . 
 even though we were back at square one , at least we knew that the stonecutter suspect was not the real stonecutter . 
 alex kline was far too young to be the right killer . 
 not to mention that he was far too dumb to have ever gotten away with murder for as long as the stonecutter had . 
 today , we would find out exactly what the police had on him . 
 why was he their suspect ? 
 the whole situation reeked of sabotage . 
 it smelled of something evil lurking in the shadows . 
 it was a foul smell that was all too familiar to me . 
 i smelled it every day in shane 's head . 
 i suspected that someone was behind alex 's arrest . 
 someone was using him to cover their tracks . 
 this prospect excited me , because the only person that i could think of that would purposely frame alex kline was the real stonecutter . 
 i wondered if the real stonecutter had manipulated the world into believing that gillard shutter was him . 
 i intended to find out . 
 | | | | | outside of shane 's apartment , a surprise visitor awaited us . 
 det. sun good leaned against a white ford mustang that she took from the police motor pool . 
 `` shane lasher . 
 what a strange thing seeing you here at your own front door instead of cowering underneath some rock , hoping that i do n't locate you . 
 why have you been dodging me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` sun , what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` right , like your office did n't tell you that i 've been trying to get a hold of you for the last twenty-four hours . 
 where were you yesterday ? 
 no one seemed to know . '' 
 `` dentist . 
 getting my teeth whitened . 
 what can i do for you sun ? 
 i 'm on my way to work , '' shane said . 
 `` dentist ? 
 that 's cute . 
 you are so damn vain . '' 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 shane repeated . 
 he went straight to the point . 
 i liked points -- -- sharp ones . 
 `` i 'm here about shutter , '' sun said . 
 her toned body twisted in the sunlight as she stretched . 
 she was catlike . 
 she must have been leaning against her car for an hour waiting for us to leave the apartment . 
 she was like a lioness , stalking , prowling for shane , ready to feed her starving cubs . 
 out of all of the short term romances that shane has had over the years , sun good was by far my favorite . 
 i enjoyed playing cat and mouse with her . 
 `` gillard shutter ? 
 what about him ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` shane , the new stonecutter murders shine a serious case of doubt on shutter 's conviction . 
 even though you got his sentence commuted to mental treatment , he was still convicted . 
 the new suspect may have actually committed the murders that shutter was accused of . '' 
 `` good point , '' shane said . 
 another point . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so ? 
 shane , i need to speak to him . 
 i 'm building a case against the stonecutter suspect , and i need to speak to shutter . 
 the d.c. police department is interested in revisiting his accounts of the murders . 
 we need to reinterview him , '' sun good said , slowly approaching shane . 
 reinterview him ? 
 they wanted to interview our dead client ? 
 the one that we murdered . 
 the one who might have actually been innocent . 
 good thing that dead men tell no tales . 
 not only did i have to battle shane 's growing guilt , but i had to dodge the police and locate the real stonecutter before they did . 
 `` reinterview him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i 'm not sure where he is , '' shane said . 
 he was n't nervous , but still , neither of us wanted det. good snooping around for our missing client . 
 `` i thought that you might say that . 
 so i went ahead and had my partner check up on mr. shutter . 
 in fact , my partner is not with me right now , because he drove all the way to new jersey yesterday . 
 do you know what is in new jersey ? '' 
 `` the jersey devil ? '' 
 shane smirked . 
 `` shutter 's family , '' she said . 
 sun good moved in closer to shane . 
 she leaned in like she wanted him to kiss her . 
 she caressed his tie with her boney fingers . 
 `` shutter 's family ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` yes . 
 if anyone knew where shutter had gone , it would either be his lawyer or his mother . 
 and you know what ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` his mother had no idea where the hell her serial killing son was . 
 but i bet that you do . 
 so ? '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 `` so where the hell is he ? '' 
 sun good tugged on his tie , tightening it like a noose around our neck . 
 her action forced shane to lean down towards her . 
 the tie passed in-between her fingers like an automated winch pulling a cable , lifting a muddy car out of the river . 
 `` sun , i have no earthly idea where gillard shutter is . 
 in case you have n't noticed , my plate is full . 
 i have things on my mind other than the whereabouts of a half-crazed serial killer from over a year ago , '' shane replied . 
 he snatched his tie away from her fingers . 
 `` only strange thing is not only has your most famous client vanished , '' she said , `` but a new suspect could overturn his conviction and possibly award him millions in damages . 
 yet , he is still nowhere to be found . 
 why would he be hiding ? 
 so , i started thinking that maybe i should check up on paul verize as well . 
 and , mr. lasher , no one has seen him either . 
 `` does n't it strike you as odd that your clients keep vanishing ? '' 
 `` clients disappear sometimes , '' shane responded . 
 i began creeping out from behind his eyes . 
 i was curious to see the expression on sun 's face . 
 she was a good detective . 
 it would be a shame to convince shane to do something to her that he would fight against . 
 `` i 'm not going to lie to you . 
 the department is very interested in how two of your clients , both accused of murder , have vanished into thin air . 
 we are not going to dismiss this as coincidence . 
 if you do not start cooperating with me on this , it is possible that the department will open an investigation into their disappearances . 
 you better hope that they do n't find anything . '' 
 sun backed away . 
 she stared off beyond her mustang and then turned around to face shane one more time . 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 `` i do n't care about hurting you , but i will find shutter , '' she said . 
 she paused for a moment . 
 `` i will be in touch . 
 i hope that you are n't hiding something from me . '' 
 `` detective , i have nothing to hide , but i am not required to tell you everything . 
 it is your job to find evidence . 
 it is my job to defend and protect my clients , '' shane said . 
 i snickered at sun good from inside the dark crevices of shane 's skull . 
 sun good retreated into her car and sped away . 
 we watched her vanish down the street . 
 shane was hiding something from her -- -- me . 
 | | | | | shane walked into his office , brushing past ally embers . 
 she lingered in the doorway , circling the glass . 
 she looked as though something detrimental was on her mind . 
 it was so important that she barely let shane take off his expensive coat . 
 `` shane ? '' 
 she said , clambering into the office uninvited , which she knew better than to do . 
 `` ally ! 
 wait five minutes . 
 i 'll call you in when i get the chance , '' shane said with an authoritative tone . 
 that was one of the powers that i gave him , influence . 
 he could yield my voice and command his listeners better , even control them from time to time . 
 `` i just wanted you to know about the article in the post . '' 
 shane shut the door , but heard her words : `` the article in the post . '' 
 we were both curious . 
 shane hung his coat up and loosened his tie . 
 he set down his briefcase and approached the desk . 
 we saw the newspaper folded in half and lying on the edge of the desk , towards the chair . 
 ally had placed it within plain sight . 
 he sat down in the chair and unfolded the newspaper . 
 the headline almost made me jump straight through his skull and out of his head . 
 it read : `` lawyer hides serial killer 's whereabouts '' shane leapt out of the chair . 
 someone talked to the press about our missing clients . 
 it had to be det. sun good . 
 she was putting the squeeze on shane about gillard shutter 's disappearance . 
 and now she knew about paul verize . 
 she must have leaked it yesterday to a reporter in order to scare us . 
 she was conniving . 
 shane took a look underneath the title to find out the name of the reporter . 
 it was katlyn fox , the same reporter that uncovered the existence of the stonecutter . 
 the same reporter that made shane famous with her coverage of gillard shutter , and more recently she had covered paul verize . 
 so now we had to hunt the stonecutter , dodge the police , free a wrongly accused suspect , free shane from his guilt , keep terrance happy , and avoid the press . 
 fantastic ! 
 sun good knew katlyn . 
 when sun dated shane , she used sun good for information . 
 they were friends , not close friends , but friends nonetheless . 
 sun good leaked her discovery of our missing clients to katelyn . 
 we needed to know how much she told the reporter . 
 we would have to speak to sun good again . 
 `` ally , get det. sun good on the phone , '' shane said through the intercom on his office phone , a high-tech , glossy looking device . 
 `` yes sir , '' ally replied . 
 within a minute sun good was on the phone . 
 `` shane ? 
 that was fast , '' she said . 
 shane could hear a snicker in her voice . 
 `` did you tell katelyn about my clients ? '' 
 `` oh this is about the article in the post , '' she replied . 
 i loved how she liked to toy with shane . 
 i adored it . 
 she was like the mongoose that played with the cobra . 
 it was believed that mongooses are the mortal enemy of the cobra , one of the deadliest snakes in the world . 
 the cobra never feared a furry critter like a mongoose . 
 cobras feared nothing . 
 `` the mpd does n't leak information , especially with those kinds of allegations , not against anyone . 
 if i leaked that information to katelyn or any other member of the press that would be considered libel and a breach of department policy , '' she said . 
 sun leaked it . 
 she just confirmed it . 
 `` this could be very bad for me personally . 
 you should n't have done that . '' 
 `` you should n't be dodging me . '' 
 `` goodbye detective , '' shane said . 
 he slammed down the phone . 
 | | | | | the police had dna evidence from alex kline . 
 he was sleeping with the frost 's underage daughter , not the wife like we had originally been told . 
 alex claimed that he saw their daughter earlier the night that the stonecutter buried her alive with the rest of the family . 
 they fought over something stupid , and she broke up with him . 
 their fight had taken place hours before the family was murdered , but alex possessed no alibi after the fight , during the time of the murder . 
 he claimed that he went for a walk to clear his head . 
 no one could back up his story . 
 we sat in the cell with alex. his face was swollen from crying . 
 he started to tell shane about a phone conversation he had with his mother . 
 i tuned out for that . 
 this was the part of shane 's life that did not interest me . 
 i paid attention to only the details that would help us find the stonecutter . 
 that vermin was out there , taunting us . 
 after about an hour of me ignoring shane 's client , our phone rang . 
 `` i 'm sorry , alex. i have to take this , '' shane said . 
 `` that 's ok , mr. lasher , '' alex said . 
 he was a polite boy . 
 he was far too nice to be a murderer . 
 the evidence that the police had on him did n't mean that he was the stonecutter . 
 it merely indicates that he was involved with the frost girl and nothing more . 
 shane stepped away from the boy and looked at his iphone . 
 the caller id read : terrance graves . 
 `` terrance , what is going on ? '' 
 shane answered , trying to sound confident . 
 `` are you with the client ? '' 
 `` yes , '' shane answered . 
 `` good . 
 at least you are doing something right , '' terrance said . 
 he must have known about the post article . 
 both shane and i were frustrated with that article . 
 it jeopardized shane 's career and brought unnecessary attention to us . 
 `` shane , '' terrance continued , `` i have seen the article in the post . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about that terrance , but i ca n't control what the papers print . '' 
 `` the partners have also seen it . 
 shane , they have called a meeting . '' 
 `` a meeting ? 
 about what ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` the board wants to discuss you , and your status here . '' 
 `` me ? 
 what about me ? '' 
 `` i do n't even know where to begin . 
 first , they are pissed off about your spread in vanity fair . 
 then yesterday someone from the d.c. police department called this office making accusations about two missing clients . 
 today there is this article in the post claiming that you are hiding information of their whereabouts , '' terrance said . 
 `` i am working to rectify all of that , '' we said . 
 sun good has caused a lot of problems for us . 
 i wished shane would let me kill her . 
 `` shane , there is one more thing . 
 my office barely put in any effort investigating these claims and do you know what we found ? 
 several missing clients , not just : shutter and verize , but others as well . 
 they are all from your branch . '' 
 my nonexistent heart sank into the darkness of shane 's skull . 
 `` when is the meeting ? '' 
 we asked . 
 i wanted to kill someone . 
 `` that is why i am calling . 
 i know that you are busy with alex kline , but that meeting is tomorrow . 
 the partners do not require your presence , but it would greatly help your case if you show up and fight these accusations . '' 
 shane sighed . 
 `` thank you , terrance . 
 i will be on a plane tonight . '' 
 we hung up the phone and glanced back at alex kline . 
 `` alex , i have to leave now . 
 i have some important notes to look over . 
 we will meet again in a couple of days , '' shane said . 
 `` i have n't told you my side of what happened yet . '' 
 `` tomorrow , my assistant will be here to interview you . 
 tell her . 
 she is good and knows the right questions to ask you . 
 for now we have to conclude . 
 i have somewhere important to be . '' 
 shane packed up his suitcase , and we left alex hanging out to dry , but only for the moment . 
 ally could take care of the secretary 's son for now . 
 before shane got into his mercedes , he called her . 
 `` ally , i need a roundtrip ticket to jfk airport . 
 i will be leaving tonight . 
 returning tomorrow . '' 
 `` yes , '' she responded . 
 shane got into his car , and we headed home to pack . 
 terrance wanted us to face the partners . 
 i did n't like the feeling that i had . 
 it burrowed into the pits of my stomach . 
 facing the board of partners was as close to sitting in an inquisition as i ever wanted to feel . 
 thankfully they ca n't sentence us to death . 
 6 partnerships `` i am the monster in your head . '' 
 -- -- breaking benjamin , lights out . 
 | | | | | new york city was one of my favorite cities in the world . 
 i 've never killed anyone there , not yet . 
 i 've always wanted to . 
 shane sat in the lobby of an impressively modern building -- the firm 's headquarters . 
 the decor of the interior melded together old works of art with modern technologies . 
 the high-tech security in this building resembled that of a top-secret government building . 
 yet , the art expressed hellish images from ancient greece and even from the middle and dark ages . 
 every time we visited the main office in new york , i felt a sense of hell -- -- of home . 
 shane arrived at jfk around 7:30 a.m. . 
 he had not slept . 
 we had to take a redeye from d.c. . 
 the flight was short , but the plane was delayed for three hours . 
 off in the distance the elevator doors opened , and a perfect specimen of a woman walked out toward shane . 
 she wore a white , low-cut dress . 
 shane could n't help but watch her long legs as she walked towards us , elegantly , frightfully . 
 he was exhausted . 
 i was losing my grip on his senses . 
 rarely , did shane 's sexual urges surpass my homicidal ones . 
 how human of him , i thought . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 the woman said . 
 she spoke with a hungarian accent . 
 her english was perfect . 
 most people would have confused her for russian , but i knew better . 
 `` that 's me , '' shane answered . 
 he stood up and lifted his briefcase . 
 shane 's tall , lean frame was dressed in one of his most expensive suits . 
 it was black with a blue shirt and matching tie . 
 shane wanted to look confident and strong . 
 we had to impress the board today . 
 there was no room for error . 
 we had to maintain the appearance of success . 
 `` mr. lasher , i 'm tina . 
 i 'm mr. graves ' new assistant . 
 we have n't met , but i 've been on the phone with ally a few times since i was hired , '' she reached her dainty hand out and shook shane 's . 
 we could have crushed the bones in her hands so easily , but shane wanted something more sexual from her . 
 i would have been satisfied with crushing her bones . 
 the crackling sounds , the white dust , and her screams taunted my mind like a potent erotic , homicidal fantasy . 
 maybe i was a little tired as well . 
 every monster needs his beauty sleep in order to be the beast . 
 i was the beast in shane 's head . 
 `` what happened to evelyn ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 she was terrance 's last assistant and also very attractive . 
 `` we do n't really speak of her , but i think she vanished one day . 
 her desk was empty and she never returned to work . 
 no one in the office really knows what happened to her . '' 
 she probably quit because terrance overworked her . 
 he was a tyrant of a boss . 
 he was a good provider for shane . 
 we had a good life , but he was difficult to live with , even more difficult to work for . 
 `` this way , mr. lasher , '' tina said . 
 she walked us past two stocky security guards and toward a pair of glass elevators . 
 she pressed the call button . 
 we rode the elevators up to the top floor . 
 i watched through shane 's eyes and through the elevator 's glass walls . 
 the elevator rushed up into the bowels of the building . 
 the lobby disappeared quickly into the darkness of the elevator shaft . 
 the inside of shane 's skull , my home , buzzed from the vibrations from the cables above us as they whipped like the long , rubber tentacles of an unseen monster . 
 the monster 's tentacles were like the veins that attached me to the inside of shane 's head . 
 i held them tightly , whipped them back and forth . 
 they were my reigns . 
 i used them to drive my carriage of death . 
 `` this is our floor , mr. lasher , '' tina said . 
 she got off and we followed her down a twisting corridor of expensive wall decor and heavy metal doors . 
 `` i have n't been here in a long time . 
 where is terrance ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` sorry , mr. lasher , i wish i could show you around , but the board is already in session . 
 mr. graves is waiting for you in the boardroom . 
 they started early , but have not been in there that long , '' tina said . 
 they stopped at a pair of majestic , dark oak doors . 
 the heavy doors were kerned and inscribed with pagan art . 
 i 'm certain that the doors were a replica of augusta rodin 's the gates of hell . 
 at the top of the door stood three little sculptures of the slave men that encrusted rodin 's gates of hell . 
 `` wait out here while i announce your arrival to the partners , '' she said . 
 she pushed against the heavy doors . 
 slowly , they opened to let out a dim , cryptic light from inside the chamber beyond . 
 shane peeked in , but only saw the long table where the partners congregated . 
 he saw a dozen suits , but could not make out any of their faces . 
 the partners of graves and associates were well known throughout the firm . 
 our firm was one of the largest in america and we were expanding every year . 
 there was talk of moving into the european courts next year . 
 shane was nervous and i held us together , as usual . 
 the dark , inquisition-like meeting that lay ahead of us did not scare me . 
 i have kept shane 's composure in the company of federal agents , judges , juries , and politicians . 
 i could handle graves and associates ' board of partners . 
 after a moment , tina returned to shane in the hallway . 
 `` mr. graves said that you may enter now , '' tina said . 
 she leaned in close to us as we began to pass her . 
 she whispered , `` remain calm . '' 
 calm ? 
 i was a killer , an avenger , and a mass murderer . 
 i was a freak of nature who never freaked out . 
 i had the steady hand of a surgeon . 
 we would remain calm . 
 shane , however , was nervous . 
 i knew it . 
 i felt it in his bones , his blood , and in the dark corners of his brain . 
 i would have to take over a little , just to keep his composure . 
 i would have to answer some of the questions for him in order to keep us together . 
 into the gates of hell we walked , hand in hand . 
 it was good practice for us . 
 someday , we would walk through the real gates of hell and into eternal damnation . 
 we would face the devil high on his throne . 
 shane would cringe , tremble , and wince . 
 i would crawl out of his head and face my maker . 
 i would say , ' i do n't believe in you , father . ' 
 | | | | | shane and i sat in the boardroom -- the belly of the beast . 
 the partners stared at shane for a moment . 
 until terrance , the chairman of the board and our savior spoke out . 
 `` dear partners , we are here because of serious allegations by the washington post that one of our most notable lawyers , shane lasher , has been complicit in the obstruction of justice . 
 `` we are here to review this matter and to conclude the fate of mr. lasher , '' terrance said . 
 he looked at shane . 
 `` shane , this is a formal meeting , but you can act causal . 
 we are here because of the board 's concern over the post 's accusations and the bad press that has been following you around lately . 
 `` now , i have here a few questions to ask , and then you can give a statement . 
 the board has requested that i recuse myself from any voting or debating . 
 however , they have agreed to allow me to ask all questions and i may give advice . '' 
 `` fine , '' shane said . 
 he remained calm like the eyes of the dead . 
 `` first , the board wants to share some privileged information with you . 
 we are considering you for a partnership , and that is the reason for this meeting . 
 in light of recent events , we need to redetermine your future with the firm . '' 
 shane did not expect that he was being considered for a partnership . 
 i knew that it was coming . 
 he was very good at his job . 
 together , we would be killers and lawyers . 
 `` shane , are the accusations that the post is making against you true ? 
 are you hiding former clients from the police ? '' 
 `` mr. graves , partners , i am not hiding anyone . 
 i imagine that many of my clients do not want to be found . 
 mr. shutter was a mentally disturbed man . 
 he suffered through a long , excruciating trial process . 
 i imagine that he packed up his belongings and moved away . 
 he probably changed his name . 
 obviously , he was innocent of the charges that now face my current client , '' shane said . 
 he remained seated with his back straight , showing incredible posture and strength . 
 he was a great lawyer . 
 this made him good at defending himself . 
 i hoped that the day never came when we would have to really use his talents to defend our own neck . 
 `` what about paul verize ? 
 he too is missing according to the d.c. police department , '' terrance asked . 
 the atmosphere around the board clouded over because of the dim light from the lamps . 
 darkness ossified and consumed the air . 
 maybe this really was hell . 
 `` mr. graves , i am not responsible for the whereabouts of my clients , '' shane said . 
 `` maybe he decided to take a long vacation after being wrongly accused of murder . 
 maybe he really was guilty and decided to vanish into thin air . 
 either way it is not my job to help the police find people . '' 
 `` shane , tell the board about your relationship with det. sun good , '' terrance asked . 
 i winced a little . 
 i knew she would be our downfall . 
 `` det. sun good is an old friend . 
 we used to be romantically linked , but no more . 
 that is all that there is to tell . 
 now , she makes false accusations , because she is frustrated that she ca n't find the real stonecutter . 
 `` everyone at the mpd is frustrated . 
 they keep accusing the wrong men of murder . 
 certainly that bothers them . 
 it has to . 
 it is embarrassing , '' shane said . 
 `` very well , shane . 
 just one last question , '' terrance said . 
 `` ok , '' shane responded . 
 `` our office has done an internal investigation . 
 we were hoping to help the mpd on our own and save face . 
 here is the thing : when my office tried to locate past clients of yours , we found none . '' 
 terrance was getting too close to us . 
 did i have to kill him too ? 
 `` mr. graves , i will tell you that looking into the clients at my office wo n't tell you anything . 
 i 'm sure that if you looked into the clients at other locations , you will find that many clients who have beat murder charges disappear . 
 they move away . 
 they change their names . 
 they go into hiding . 
 `` i do acknowledge that it is strange that you ca n't find many of the ones from my office , but that is not unthinkable or very unusual . 
 at least it is not for d.c. , '' shane said . 
 he was good at defense . 
 that was why we complimented each other so well . 
 i was good at offense . 
 `` ok , shane . 
 the board is going to take some time now and talk . 
 i want you to exit the room . 
 tina is waiting in the hall . 
 she will escort you into my office where you can make yourself comfortable , '' terrance said . 
 shane stood up from the table . 
 we walked out into the hall and found tina waiting just as terrance had said . 
 how long was this going to take ? 
 i wondered . 
 every second that we spent here trying to save shane 's future took us further and further down the road , and distracted us from finding the stonecutter . 
 his trail grew colder and colder . 
 tina walked shane down the winding corridor again , and we ended up inside of terrance 's large corner office . 
 `` mr. graves wants you to wait here . 
 he will come and get you whenever they are done , '' she said and she left us . 
 we had moved from the gates of hell into the magnificent office of the gods -- mt. olympus . 
 floor to ceiling windows covered it . 
 the only walls in the whole room were made of a dark oak wood . 
 the floors were brick , giving the room a majestic , palace-like feel . 
 this was not the office of a mere lawyer . 
 it was the office of a titan . 
 now , i understood why shane wanted to make partner so badly . 
 it had its perks . 
 we already made good money . 
 and shane provided us with a formidable lair for our bloody deeds , but the kind of status and wealth that terrance graves carried would have afforded us tremendous power . 
 | | | | | the meeting with the partners did not go well for shane . 
 i have no feelings only impulses , urges and bloodlust , but i felt concerned for him . 
 he worked hard for years in order to provide an optimal life for us . 
 his hard work allowed me to carry out my homicidal tendencies without worry . 
 he worked hard so that i could exist in his head . 
 in many ways , he protected me as much as i protected him . 
 shane marveled at terrance 's corner office . 
 it allured him . 
 what shane did not know was that the home that i created in his head was similar . 
 i had a penthouse with a prime corner office . 
 the inside of shane 's skull provided me with the perfect access to his thoughts and emotions . 
 i could control my vessel with the precision of a fighter pilot . 
 shane gazed out of the two-story window . 
 even though central park was blocks away , we could see it perfectly . 
 our view from this office was flawless . 
 we watched as college kids played ultimate frisbee , couples walked their dogs , and bums panhandled . 
 they were sheep . 
 all the while they remained unaware that they were watched by a hungry , bloodthirsty wolf . 
 shane looked over at an enormous box-shaped desk -- -- terrance 's desk . 
 it was constructed of a thick cherry wood with brass handles and knobs . 
 shane sat in his godfather 's chair , imagining the day that we would follow in terrance 's footsteps and take over the firm that his godfather built , that his father built . 
 first , we had to get through the partner 's inquisition . 
 shane looked out across the office . 
 he fantasized about running this firm . 
 after all , it was his father 's firm for over a decade . 
 we did n't know our father , but shane always felt a deep longing to fill his shoes , to make him proud . 
 as shane imagined our future , he looked up and noticed something that we had never noticed before . 
 terrance had us here many times , but we never noticed the loft . 
 it was neatly nestled above the office . 
 it jetted out towards the large windows . 
 i wondered how terrance got up there . 
 shane looked around for a staircase or a ladder . 
 then we saw it . 
 in the back corner of his office , just beyond the massive bookshelf , there was an elevator . 
 someone had painted over the elevator to blend it into the wall . 
 so it was nearly hidden . 
 shane rose from the desk and approached the elevator . 
 we rode the lift to the loft . 
 the loft was half the size of the office below . 
 the first thing that we saw was more bookshelves , high ones . 
 the shelves were filled with old books , many of which were out of print . 
 their spines glistened as if they were dusted often and with great care . 
 shane twisted through the small maze of stacks and entered a new room . 
 paintings littered the walls . 
 interested in them , shane moved closer to the largest one . 
 gold and red trim decorated the frame . 
 it stuck out to us as if a spotlight shone down on it from heaven . 
 i , however , preferred the fiery lights of hell . 
 the paintings were abstract . 
 as we neared them , shane and i saw that they were not paintings at all . 
 they looked more like detailed drawings like rubbings or tracings over foreign textures . 
 neither of us ever knew or suspected that terrance created art in his spare time . 
 everyman needed a hobby . 
 shane 's was to kill killers using their own methods of murder . 
 terrance created rubbings . 
 we tried to read one to figure out what it was an etching of , but then we noticed something in the middle of the room . 
 lying across a heavy table was a large box-shaped object that was covered by an ivory white sheet . 
 portions of the sheet flowed from a breeze that suddenly engulfed the loft . 
 the breeze casted ripples across the sheet like ripples in the water . 
 shane felt the cold breath of my curiosity blowing through his head . 
 he became curious . 
 it must have been a sculpture that terrance was working on or perhaps he sanding a kayak for one of his weekend retreats . 
 we approached it . 
 shane reached out to pull the sheet and uncover the mysterious object . 
 `` shane ? 
 what are you doing up here ? '' 
 a voice said from behind us . 
 i must have been so curious that i dropped my guard . 
 it was rare for someone to sneak up on me . 
 i had n't even felt his presence . 
 instead , i felt the unfamiliar feeling of being startled . 
 shane whipped around to see terrance standing calmly with one of his hands in his coat pocket . 
 `` sorry terrance . 
 i did n't mean to snoop around . 
 i just never noticed this loft before , '' shane said . 
 my curiosity retracted so that i could let shane take over . 
 dealing with terrance was really more of his thing . 
 i had no emotional attachment to anyone . 
 shane loved his godfather , our savior . 
 `` shane , this is my private art studio , '' terrance said . 
 he began to look around the room at his creations . 
 `` up here i can be alone so i can sculpt and paint . 
 no one bothers me . 
 no more clients , lawyers , judges , or associates . 
 `` up here i do n't have to be responsible for running a multimillion dollar firm . '' 
 `` sorry terrance . 
 i never considered how stressful your position must be . 
 i 'm so used to looking up to you that i just always assumed you were made of stone , '' shane said . 
 `` every man has his vices . 
 i am no different . 
 i just keep my vices secret unlike you . 
 lately , your habits seem to be spilling out into the news and onto the front pages of the newspapers . '' 
 `` i am sorry , terrance . 
 i 'm glad that you invited me to come today . 
 that was risky of you to warn me about the partners ' meeting , '' shane said . 
 it was all so heartwarming to sit in shane 's skull and listen to his tender exchanges with our godfather . 
 i felt sickened . 
 `` shane , did you want to see my latest work of art ? 
 it is unfinished , but i suppose you can look at it , '' terrance said , standing over the object underneath the long , flowing white sheet . 
 `` no , terrance . 
 i did n't mean to pry . 
 i understand a thing or two about keeping secrets . 
 your art is your private business . 
 i apologize , '' shane said against my wishes . 
 i wanted to see the old man 's precious hobby . 
 `` very well , shane , let 's return to my office , '' terrance said . 
 he led shane back down to the floor below . 
 terrance sat down at his desk and looked over at us . 
 `` terrance , just be straight with me . 
 what did they decide ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 he plopped down into the chair in front of terrance 's massive desk . 
 `` shane , the board is not pleased with your behavior of late . 
 i ca n't say that i do n't share their concerns . 
 you should have never done the vanity fair issue . 
 it was scandalous and too controversial . 
 we are a prestigious , conservative firm . 
 but that does n't really matter . 
 what does matter is that you have brought unnecessary attention to our firm and our interests . 
 `` if you are hiding former clients like the police and press are insinuating , then you had better come clean about it , '' terrance said , sternly , fatherly . 
 `` terrance , i have no idea where our old clients have gone . 
 i 'm not hiding anyone , '' shane said , convincingly . 
 `` i swear to you that i am not aiding any of my former clients in remaining anonymous . 
 if i knew where they were i would inform the police . '' 
 we were not lying . 
 we were not hiding them . 
 our furnace hid them . 
 `` shane , you had better not be lying . 
 if you know anything at all about gillard shutter , you had better cooperate with the mpd , '' terrance warned . 
 he furrowed his eyebrows and gazed deeply into shane 's eyes . 
 this was the second time that i ever thought that he was going to see me hiding behind shane 's eyes , staring back at him . 
 `` i will cooperate fully , '' shane said . 
 `` as i have been . '' 
 `` one more thing , the partners have decided to delay any decisions about your future here until after the kline case is over , '' terrance said . 
 `` as it turns out , eline kline has insisted that you remain her son 's defender . 
 and she carries a tremendous amount of weight with not only this firm , but many other potential clients . 
 so the partners feel that it is in our best interest to keep you on as the lead attorney in the stonecutter case . 
 but shane , that is only temporary . 
 you need to produce some results on this stonecutter thing . 
 and fast . '' 
 `` yes , terrance , '' shane said . 
 the two men stood up and shook hands . 
 i sensed that shane was disappointed as if he had let down his own father . 
 i was responsible for shane . 
 i needed him focused , in control , and at peak performance . 
 i did n't want him feeling guilt and pressure from anyone , especially terrance graves . 
 it was hard enough of late dealing with the guilt that continued to leak into my side of his brain . 
 terrance 's influence over our behavior could be detrimental to shane 's performance , not only in the courtroom , but in our extracurricular serial killer activities . 
 so we had to make right with him , at least where shane was concerned . 
 tina met shane at the door to terrance 's office and escorted us out of the building . 
 tonight , shane would catch a plane back to d.c. tomorrow was another day . 
 we had to find the stonecutter . 
 we had to kill him . 
 but first we had to get the mpd and the nosey det. sun good off our back . 
 i hated trying to convince shane that she would have to die , but in the end he would listen to me . 
 he would do what i wanted . 
 after all , i was at the reigns . 
 i was the driver . 
 7 enemies close `` you can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means by which he tries to frighten you . '' 
 -- -- eric hofer . 
 | | | | | a men 's fitness club called the roosevelt club was washington d.c. 's oldest and most elite health club . 
 for forty years , famous men frequented its lavish workout rooms . 
 shane was not sure which roosevelt it was named after , but more than likely it was fdr . 
 he was , ironically , the one of the two roosevelts that was not athletic . 
 he was also in a wheelchair . 
 i personally liked truman ; he dropped the nuclear bomb , causing mass murder and destruction . 
 i lusted for murder and destruction . 
 rumors circulated about the members of this elite club for decades . 
 everyone wanted to be a member . 
 every major politician desired admittance beyond the glass doors . 
 it was a sign of stature to belong to it . 
 freshman senators and congressmen tried to solicit memberships , but the club was very strict on the members that they accepted . 
 generally , the roosevelt only admitted around a dozen new members every month . 
 and it was always a roster of who 's who in d.c. . 
 the club was located off constitution avenue . 
 it was not far out of our way . 
 most of d.c. was centrally located to us since we lived downtown . 
 most major monuments and important government buildings were within walking distance . 
 whenever shane decided to go for a run outdoors , the white house was usually on our route . 
 however , we would not be running out in public anytime soon . 
 too much unwanted attention focused on shane to risk running into det. sun good or a reporter . 
 for the moment , shane thought it best to avoid the detective at all costs . 
 she caused trouble . 
 her snooping around our past clients , our past victims , almost cost shane his position in the firm . 
 without shane 's position , i could n't kill . 
 i needed him to be successful . 
 i needed him to be happy . 
 in order for me to be satisfied , shane must remain satisfied . 
 the roosevelt club never allowed women to step foot beyond its doors , not in decades , not since the doors first opened . 
 in its forty years not even a cleaning lady stepped foot inside it . 
 as shane worked out harder and harder , he began to count out loud the number of crunches that he executed . 
 `` 2975 . 
 2976 . 
 2977 . '' 
 my view was obstructed every time that he contorted back to the starting position . 
 with every rep he came back up and i saw the rest of the gym through his eyes . 
 with every rep that he went down , i saw nothing but the ceiling . 
 i saw the other men working out throughout the gym . 
 some lifted heavy weights . 
 some did pull ups . 
 some stared at themselves in the wall-length mirrors . 
 i saw men running on the treadmills . 
 i saw them adjusting the small t.v. monitors embedded in the control console of their machines . 
 shane 's heart raced at a comfortable pace . 
 every muscle in his stomach burned . 
 his form never faltered , never dwindled . 
 he performed each and every crunch perfectly . 
 his breathing maintained the correct rhythm . 
 i loved the blood pumping through his body . 
 his vessels rushed like an angry tidal wave of blood , breaking for the shoreline of a nearby city . 
 i wanted to grab my rowboat and ride the tide . 
 `` 2985 . '' 
 suddenly , as shane rose up i saw a familiar figure storming in like the greeks barreling through the large gates of troy . 
 the figure marched past the men working out . 
 she moved through two staff members that attempted to halt her . 
 shane stopped his crunches when he heard the staff shouting . 
 `` you ca n't be in here ! '' 
 one young , muscly staff member said . 
 `` get your damn hands off me ! '' 
 the woman demanded . 
 her voice resonated in shane 's ears , echoing throughout the inside of his skull . 
 my home was flooded with the sound of her voice as if a supersonic bomb went off near my bedroom . 
 det. sun good stopped in front of shane 's sweaty , shirtless body . 
 `` you are an asshole ! '' 
 she said . 
 sun good 's stature was small , but she was toned . 
 she stood close to shane as he huffed from a hard morning workout . 
 she knelt down and poked her finger in his chest . 
 `` sun -- '' shane began . 
 `` do n't interrupt me . 
 you are an asshole ! 
 you filed a harassment compliant with my department ? '' 
 `` sun , this is not the appropriate place , '' shane said . 
 i smirked behind his eyes . 
 filing the complaint was my idea . 
 i assured shane that it was the right move to make . 
 being a lawyer , he came up with the idea of calling sun 's commanding officer and threatening to sue the mpd for libel . 
 we could n't prove that det. sun good tipped the post about our missing clients , but we could prove that she dated shane . 
 that fact alone would make it plausible that she was harassing him . 
 i could see his twisted , legal mind at work , literally . 
 when speaking to her commander , shane painted the picture that sun good was a jealous ex-girlfriend . 
 we dumped her , so she became obsessed with shane . 
 it all started harmlessly until she manufactured this story that he was obstructing justice , hiding his ex-clients from her investigation , and so on . 
 shane 's legal mind impressed my savage one . 
 `` you think that you can use your powerful friends and lawyer tactics to pull me off of you ? 
 you are mistaken . 
 now , i am really going to look at you closely . 
 you and your friends , '' she threatened . 
 the wrinkles above her head furrowed and jetted out towards shane . 
 i thought that asian women did n't get wrinkles . 
 we must have really pissed her off . 
 `` sun , you have to let it go . 
 i 'm not interested in dating you anymore , '' shane said , placating to the small crowd that gathered behind her -- witnesses . 
 `` i 'll be everywhere . 
 you wo n't be able to take a shit without me knowing it ! '' 
 sun good said . 
 her fake breasts heaved back and forth as she panted . 
 her anger had gotten the best of her . 
 shane watched closely as sun good stormed out of the roosevelt club . 
 the glass double doors swung behind her . 
 the staff followed her out . 
 the spectators returned to their workouts . 
 shane returned his gaze to the mirror . 
 then he resumed his workout . 
 `` 2986 . 
 2987 . 
 2988 . '' 
 | | | | | det. sun good watched us for days . 
 she followed shane everywhere . 
 she never approached us , but she trailed close behind . 
 shane thought it best to keep up the charade of a normal life . 
 so that night , we went out with friends to a posh d.c. restaurant called chefs of the capital . 
 it was a popular place and always busy . 
 the room was packed with famous politicians and greedy lobbyists . 
 they chomped at the heels of the powerful congressmen like starving pit bulls clutching at table scraps . 
 shane usually turned down invites from coworkers and other lawyers , but tonight we accepted an invite from one of the firm 's more prestigious lawyers , jack crush . 
 jack and shane were bitter rivals . 
 jack was always jealous of shane 's immediate success in the shutter case . 
 that case put shane on the map . 
 before we had freed america 's most talked about serial killer , jack crush was graves and associates ' number one defense attorney . 
 he had worked for years to rise to such a role . 
 he was truly a gifted lawyer . 
 now , he lagged behind shane . 
 the board denied jack a partnership several times because he was too young . 
 the rumor going around that they considered shane for partner infuriated him . 
 `` so how is it going with the new stonecutter defendant ? '' 
 jack asked . 
 he leaned forward . 
 the tip of his tie scraped the white-linen covered table as he spoke . 
 jack was younger than shane . 
 he graduated from law school only four years ago , but he was a prodigy , a rising star . 
 he was ambitious and dangerous . 
 he was definitely someone to lookout for . 
 i saw something in him . 
 something resided behind his eyes , deep in the chasms of his head . 
 i knew that there was a creature similar to myself lurking in the darkness . 
 then again , most lawyers had something dark living inside them . 
 i had never seen any evidence that jack was homicidal , so he was not fair game . 
 not yet anyway . 
 the jury was still out on him . 
 `` jack , i ca n't discuss the case with you or anyone else . 
 you know that , '' shane said . 
 shane drank vodka with red bull . 
 he looked beyond jack crush and watched the sexy sun good as she stared through her champagne glass and back at shane . 
 she winked at us . 
 she wore a turquoise blue tube-top with a zipper down the front . 
 sun 's cleavage was nicely accented . 
 her long , black hair was down . 
 she twirled it with her fingers as she studied shane 's activities from in the back of the dining room . 
 `` come on . 
 your client is a real celebrity 's son . 
 give me some details , '' jack begged . 
 he was drunker than usual . 
 the jealousy must really be getting to him or the creature that lives inside him . 
 `` the only thing that i can tell you is that he is innocent . 
 now excuse me for a moment , jack . 
 i 've got to piss , '' shane said . 
 shane stood straight up out of his chair without giving jack a second glance . 
 we walked to the men 's room , passing the bar and the prying det. sun good . 
 shane snuck a peek at her . 
 she followed us with her eyes . 
 her capri blue jeans fit tightly to her thighs , showing off her muscular legs . 
 shane was horny for her . 
 i knew it . 
 we entered the men 's room and shane stared into the mirror . 
 when most people looked into the mirror , they saw themselves . 
 when i looked into the mirror , i saw my home , my real estate staring back at me . 
 shane turned the water on . 
 a slow stream cascaded out . 
 he watched as the water circled and slid down the drain . 
 we needed to ditch sun good . 
 she had to give up her quest . 
 shane thought hard , trying to figure out some way of eluding the great detective . 
 dress code , i told him . 
 that was our answer . 
 we needed to go somewhere that she could n't . 
 then we could give her the slip so that we could retreat and start searching for the stonecutter . 
 his trail grew colder every moment that we delayed . 
 eating with friends , living this fantasy , drove us crazy . 
 we needed to get back on the hunt . 
 shane took out his iphone and googled nearby nightclubs . 
 as a part of being a lawyer , and one of d.c. 's elite citizens , shane had memberships to all of the most decadent nightclubs . 
 we decided to go to rushmore 's ultra lounge . 
 it was at the top of the lincoln hotel . 
 tonight there was a strict dress code . 
 sun good would not be able to get inside in her casual clothes . 
 shane looked in the mirror and saw me smiling back at him from behind his eyes , the windows to my cave . 
 | | | | | i watched shane tidy up his social encounter with jack crush and the four other elite snobs that we pretended to be friends with . 
 then he took a taxi to pick up a couple of special friends . 
 a half hour later , we walked straight into rushmore 's with two expensive hookers in-tow . 
 `` shane , we need to get some party favors , '' lisa said as she caressed nina , the blond one . 
 both girls were fit and clean looking . 
 they were merely props for shane . 
 we used them for appearance 's sake . 
 shane had n't seen the detective following us , but i knew that she was around . 
 i sensed it . 
 her car trailed behind us at every turn , around every street corner . 
 the line to get into rushmore 's club stretched out past the entrance to the building next door , a closed investment office . 
 the wait just to get into the nightclub was an hour long for most people . 
 for people like shane , there was no wait . 
 shane used his celebrity status to get us right to the beginning of the line . 
 the bouncer pulled back the red rope and beckoned us to pass . 
 `` shane , i ca n't believe that you got us in , '' nina said . 
 her skirt rode so high up her legs that we could see the bottom of her ass . 
 not my forte , but shane did n't mind . 
 out of the two of us , he was the most human . 
 he possessed human desires . 
 i only had animal desires . 
 i looked around . 
 i lost det. sun good after we stepped out of the taxi . 
 i knew that she still followed us . 
 shane and i imagined that she drove up to the nightclub , tried to get in and was turned away because of the strict dress code . 
 our plan worked . 
 we sat at a nice table in vip for an hour . 
 the girls danced with each other and drank the overpriced champagne . 
 occasionally their lips met , followed by an alluring kiss that caught the attention of the men below . 
 once or twice nina 's hand climbed up lisa 's tight skirt . 
 this scene did little to arouse my attention . 
 i focused on our cop problem . 
 shane barely touched his drink . 
 instead , he thought of likely suspects for the stonecutter . 
 we knew that alex was innocent of the stonecutter 's crimes , but who was left ? 
 his brother , martin was still on our list , but did he frame his own brother ? 
 our table was located on the second floor balcony overlooking the dance floor . 
 the crowd chaotically danced to the techno sounds emitting from the d.j. 's booth . 
 the music thumped and shook the floor . 
 i could feel its echo rattling shane 's teeth like a xylophone while i stood behind them , banging away . 
 after thirty minutes , and no sign of det. sun good , i began to relax . 
 i nestled comfortably near the back of shane 's brain , coiled like a snake . 
 i believed that we had discouraged her , but i should have never underestimated the drive in her . 
 catching a sudden movement in his peripherals , shane looked down and saw her standing in the middle of the dance floor . 
 she wore a silver dress with a halter top . 
 it glimmered and reflected the multicolored lights that flashed across the nightclub . 
 she stood like a vision of a lady-killer 's dead wife . 
 the bitch returned for revenge . 
 she stared straight into shane . 
 their eyes locked like some sick romantic music video . 
 marilyn manson eat your heart out . 
 i wanted to kill her . 
 she started to piss me off . 
 we wasted all of this time trying to ditch the law . 
 we should have been out searching for the stonecutter . 
 he was my prize , my trophy . 
 who was he ? 
 `` shane , take us to the dance floor , '' lisa begged . 
 nina fixed her top . 
 part of her breast was exposed . 
 i had n't noticed . 
 i was only looking at sun good . 
 `` ladies , that is a great idea , '' shane replied . 
 he stood up from his chair . 
 in one swift gulp , he swallowed the remainder of his champagne . 
 we led the girls down to the dance floor . 
 shane was ready to play the part of a prowling bachelor . 
 sun good moved to the bar . 
 she fought off one drunken guy after the next . 
 she was only interested in us . 
 i had to admire her hunter instincts . 
 she was good at her job , which made her dangerous to us . 
 the girls pulled shane out to the middle of the dance floor . 
 the techno music pumped with no real sense of lyrics . 
 the rhythm filled shane 's blood . 
 we danced with both of the girls closely tangled in our space . 
 with the flashing strobe lights , arms and legs floundering about , shane and the girls resembled a tangled tree of body parts . 
 i relished this vision . 
 i savored it . 
 at night in shane 's sleep , i projected visions like this one across the skies of his dreams -- images of body parts . 
 shane could see det. sun good scowling at us from across the room . 
 he was n't sure if it was a scowl out of jealousy , discernment , or sexual attraction . 
 perhaps , she judged us . 
 none of which would have surprised me . 
 she was always attracted to shane . 
 somewhere deep within the trenches of her desires , buried past the mud and soot , she harbored feelings for him . 
 i knew it . 
 i controlled shane 's killer instincts , and they were housed right next to his sexual ones . 
 i sensed the attraction that grappled between sun good and my vessel . 
 | | | | | sun good grew up between two different plains of existence . 
 in one , her homeland , she lived with her father in japan . 
 she grew up under a strict upbringing . 
 her father treated her harshly and critically , judging all of her actions . 
 he ruled over her like a dictator . 
 she was his illegitimate child . 
 he treated her like an outcast , a leper , an exiled daughter . 
 she lived most of her childhood believing that she was impure . 
 her father only raised her out of obligation for his sin . 
 she had two half-sisters . 
 they treated her like cinderella . 
 she cleaned , cooked , and scrubbed for their affections . 
 yet , sun good had no prince charming , no white knight , no one saved her . 
 i hoped that she did n't think that shane would be her savior now . 
 in her early teenage years , she found her mother on the internet . 
 she lived in sacramento , california . 
 they started emailing . 
 by that summer , sun good moved to the u.s. . 
 in the states , sun good discovered her sexual powers over boys . 
 boys ignored her in japan . 
 here , she was one of them . 
 here , they accepted her . 
 they sought after her . 
 they fought over her . 
 sun seduced american men into doing what she wanted them to ; when she wanted them too . 
 she could will them into doing almost anything . 
 the first american man to ever reject her powers of seduction was shane lasher . 
 he confused her . 
 he was perfect in every way . 
 he had the perfect body , the perfect job , and money . 
 yet , something about him was strange , peculiar . 
 when she first met shane , they dated for a short time . 
 he never let her stay over at his place . 
 as much as shane liked her , neither of us trusted her . 
 normally , he left her place in the morning before she woke up . 
 sun good 's detective instincts warned her about shane 's behavior . 
 her instincts told her that something was fishy about us . 
 the host of her brain suspected shane . 
 so i made shane break up with his asian toy . 
 i thought that it was in our best interest to let her go before she discovered our secrets , before the controller of her brain discovered the master of shane 's . 
 sun good leaned against the bar when one particular guy approached her . 
 they spoke for a while . 
 she pretended to be interested in him . 
 he was younger and well-dressed . 
 shane became slightly jealous , and he rarely got jealous . 
 lately , he experienced emotions that i never knew he had . 
 i did n't like discovering that my vessel kept his own secrets . 
 we needed to find the stonecutter and kill him , so that we could right the course of our life . 
 we were losing balance . 
 shane was losing control . 
 i was losing control . 
 and all of it was because of a woman . 
 i 'm not the kind of creature that loses control because of a woman . 
 i 'm the kind of creature that kills and devours anyone who gets in my way , including women . 
 sun good flirted back with the young man , tantalizing him , taunting shane . 
 shane danced , sandwiched between the two expensive hookers . 
 suddenly , without my direction , he separated from them and marched toward sun good at the bar . 
 i was n't sure what he was doing . 
 he acted without my consent . 
 we walked up the steps toward the ivory-topped bar . 
 sun good noticed us approaching . 
 she leaned into the young man and kissed him . 
 i could feel the champagne coursing through shane 's veins . 
 it was making my control over him even more difficult to maintain . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asked in a dark , rough tone . 
 she ignored him . 
 this angered both of us . 
 no one ignored us -- -- no one . 
 shane grabbed her shoulder , breaking her free from the embrace of the guy that she just met . 
 `` hey buddy ! '' 
 the man said . 
 he stepped in close to shane . 
 it was too close . 
 he threatened our space . 
 i reacted out of instinct . 
 i could have showed some restraint , but i protected shane when we came into physical danger . 
 no one was going to harm my vessel . 
 he was mine alone to harm . 
 the nightclub 's strobing lights glimmered off of shane 's face . 
 sun good squinted in disbelief at what she witnessed . 
 shane 's eyes turned black . 
 his skin revealed creature-like features . 
 my scales appeared across shane 's face , my face . 
 instead of the stubble that barely hinted from shane 's cheeks , she watched my tentacles growing out into the darkness . 
 only with every sweep of the light from the spinning strobes had she seen the detail in my features , but she was n't sure what she saw . 
 i came out to protect shane . 
 i came out to play . 
 with two swift movements i grabbed hold of the man 's thumb , snapped it back until it broke , and grappled his throat tightly with my other hand . 
 the young man crashed into the bar 's countertop . 
 he winced in pain and squeezed his thumb . 
 i almost crushed his throat . 
 that would have killed him instantly , but i did n't want that . 
 complete shock draped across sun 's face . 
 she had no idea that shane was so powerful and violent . 
 of course , she saw me , not shane . 
 `` shane ! 
 let him go ! '' 
 sun shouted . 
 she grabbed onto shane 's forearm with both of her hands . 
 underneath her grip , she felt the texture of what she thought was shane 's cold skin . 
 she actually touched my reptilian scales as they seeped back into shane 's body , like water down a drain . 
 `` sorry , '' shane said . 
 slowly , he released the young man and backed away . 
 like a switchblade , i retracted back into my hole . 
 i left shane to his apologies , something that i did not do . 
 i never apologized . 
 i felt no remorse . 
 the young man attempted to move his thumb , but it was broken . 
 `` i 'm going to call the cops on you , '' the young man exclaimed . 
 `` i 'm so ... '' shane began to apologize , but was interrupted by sun good . 
 she held out her badge to the young man . 
 `` no , you wo n't ! 
 if you tell the police , then i will tell them about how you tried to solicit sex from an undercover officer . 
 so beat it , '' sun good demanded . 
 the man looked at the badge and cringed . 
 he turned and stormed off . 
 sun good turned back to shane . 
 `` i never knew that you were capable of violence , shane , '' she said . 
 she gripped the bottom of her skirt and pulled it down , adjusting it . 
 `` i did n't realize that you were such a dirty cop , using your badge like that , '' he said . 
 she laughed . 
 `` sorry if i embarrassed you . 
 i guess i 'm a little drunk and seeing that guy 's hands on you made me jealous . 
 just some old feelings , i apologize , '' shane said . 
 he hung his head in embarrassment . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 `` shane , '' she began . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` let 's have a drink , '' she said . 
 `` let 's , '' shane agreed . 
 | | | | | i watched as shane and sun good chatted it up . 
 they drank and flirted like high school teenagers . 
 i slithered around shane 's brain sick of listening to their dribble . 
 i imagined that i was biding my time until i could quickly stab her in the throat with a broken champagne glass and then silently hide her body among the night clubbers and drug-induced waitresses . 
 of course , i would never be able to pull that off , but i reached the limits of how much more flirtation i could handle with this woman . 
 i had this problem with shane and one other girl when we were a lot younger . 
 however , i took care of that problem early on . 
 i could n't have shane falling in love . 
 love was a danger to us . 
 it complicated things . 
 it hindered our natural ability to kill , to hunt . 
 `` why did we break up ? '' 
 sun good asked . 
 stab her shane ! 
 stab her now ! 
 `` i did n't want to be serious with anyone . 
 you know how important my career is to me . 
 a serious relationship , especially with a cop , is a huge conflict of interest . 
 take our current case for example . 
 i 'm defending alex kline from the accusations that your department is making , and you are trying to help prosecute him , an innocent boy , '' shane said . 
 that was a good answer . 
 shane 's powerful , silver tongue and my savagery made us such an impressive killing machine . 
 his sleazy , silver tongue and my slithering , snake-like body made quite the pair . 
 `` i guess that makes sense . 
 you could have just told me that back when we dated , '' she said . 
 he shrugged . 
 sun good accepted shane 's excuses . 
 looks like i wo n't have to force him to stab her after all . 
 i realized that shane 's weapons of charm and words might actually shake det. sun good off of our trail -- the diplomatic approach . 
 `` sorry about how i abruptly ended our relationship . 
 i got scared . 
 i started to have feelings for you and that terrified me to my core , '' shane said . 
 in a way , he told her the truth . 
 i lived at his core . 
 nothing terrified me , but the feelings that shane spoke of did concern me . 
 i had no room inside of him for weak feelings like infatuation or worse , love . 
 i needed my vessel to remain under my influence and no one else 's , not his hearts or his loins . 
 nina and lisa grinded on each other for a while ; then they ran off to the bathroom together . 
 shane noticed that they were gone a long time , probably to do cocaine , but he did not care . 
 they served their purpose . 
 we had found a new strategy -- -- seduction . 
 `` i have to get up early in the morning . 
 i have to meet with my client , '' shane said , smirking . 
 `` oh , so now you want to leave ? '' 
 `` i was trying to say that i know that you have to get up early , is all . 
 i know that you have to follow me around all day and spy on me and what not . '' 
 `` that is true , '' she responded , uncrossing her muscular legs . 
 he noticed the glimmer of her silver thong . 
 `` you could just wake up at my place . 
 that would make it easier for you to know exactly what i was doing , '' shane said , smiling at her . 
 `` hmmm , '' she muttered . 
 she looked down at her shoes and smiled . 
 `` let 's go back to your place . '' 
 | | | | | in shane 's penthouse , beneath a large , long abstract painting that stretched the downstairs hallway , he kissed sun good against the wall passionately , borderline pornographically . 
 sun kissed him back with equal veracity . 
 her silver skirt slowly peeled upward as she wrapped her toned legs around him . 
 deep underneath her skirt , not far from shane 's roaming hands , she hid a small revolver . 
 it was tightly strapped to the inside of her thigh . 
 deep underneath his trousers , sun felt how hard he was . 
 this was not a shock to me since i never did control shane 's lust . 
 the only region where his lust roamed into my lands was when it involved murder , violence , or plain old rough sex . 
 sun 's concealed gun concerned me . 
 i wanted to remove it out of her reach . 
 in case the detective got a glimpse of me , i needed her to be unarmed , harmless . 
 as she kissed shane and clawed at his back , my claws began to protrude through his fingertips . 
 his eyes began to turn black . 
 my lizard-tongue replaced shane 's and slithered down sun 's throat . 
 she moaned as i kissed her , my talon claws softly scratched across her skin and up her legs towards the revolver . 
 without her keen senses noticing , i slid the gun out of its holster and placed it on the middle of the metal stairs behind us . 
 sun felt the weight missing and quickly opened her eyes . 
 in a blink , i was safely hidden behind shane 's skin and bones . 
 his eyes were back to their original deep blue color . 
 she surrendered and sank back into their kiss . 
 moments later , they stumbled up the stairs , past the revolver , and ended up in the master bedroom . 
 the room was a simple decor using dark colors and steel furniture and fixtures . 
 it was modern . 
 shane tossed sun 's half-naked body onto the king-sized platform bed . 
 she got up on her knees . 
 `` i missed our sex , '' she said , looking up at him . 
 `` take off your dress , '' shane commanded . 
 i helped him a little . 
 after all rough sex did fall into my area of control . 
 and shane 's sex with det. good was normally rough . 
 so , i lent him a dark , wet hand . 
 sun stripped her dress down . 
 she was down to her silver thong . 
 her skin sparkled from her glittery body cream . 
 her fake breasts were exposed and also glittery , truly sinful . 
 `` take off your pants . 
 get over here ! '' 
 sun good said , sitting up on her knees . 
 shane pulled off his pants and took off his shirt , revealing his muscular frame . 
 sun good grabbed onto him and whipped us down onto the bed . 
 she clawed over his chest and stomach . 
 she would need sharper claws if she wanted to pierce through shane 's skin and into my lair underneath . 
 shane 's heart began pumping faster and faster . 
 his blood rushed through his body and across my feet and tentacles . 
 his blood flowed like lava , rushing out of a volcano . 
 i could feel chunks of it soaking between my webbed toes . 
 sun good ran her lips along shane 's stomach . 
 she made strident animalistic sounds . 
 shane could feel her breasts softly brushing across his thighs as she moved downward on him . 
 i let shane have his fun , but i was n't excited about the thundering of shane 's heartbeat . 
 hearing his heart beating was like the echo of a subway car as it rumbled below a new york city apartment . 
 it shook every piece of furniture that i owned . 
 after a while of shane enjoying sun good 's lips on him ; he gripped her by the tuft of her hair and moved her up towards his face . 
 he passionately kissed her . 
 i grappled onto shane 's brain , listening to the creature-like sounds that resonated from sun and my vessel . 
 after forty-five minutes of listening to their beastly sounds and surviving their thrusting movements ; finally they were finished . 
 `` i hope that this changes things . 
 maybe now you can ease off of me a little ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` i 'm tired . 
 let 's go to sleep , '' sun said . 
 `` we can talk tomorrow . '' 
 within seconds she was fast asleep . 
 | | | | | the cold hardwood floors of shane 's penthouse sent goose bumps from sun 's feet all the way up her legs . 
 she stood near the large bay window in shane 's master bedroom . 
 she stared out of it towards the second penthouse apartment across the roof , our secret lair . 
 she noticed the large fireplace that protruded out of the roof . 
 only for a moment did she wonder why shane did n't have a fireplace in his penthouse . 
 ` strange , ' she thought . 
 ` why such a large fireplace for such a small penthouse ? ' 
 those thoughts fleeted . 
 her suspicions died . 
 glancing back at shane , he appeared to be in a coma-like sleep , but we were awake . 
 a single nightstand was near his side of the bed . 
 she saw a thin glass stand that had the time emitting from it in led light . 
 the time was 2:45 a.m. . 
 a cold breeze swept through the darkness and up sun 's naked skin . 
 this was her chance to find out something about shane . 
 she knew that she had to take advantage of being inside his home while he slept soundly . 
 she rose from the bed and carefully tiptoed down the steel staircase . 
 each step was precisely placed on the metal planks in order to ensure silent movement . 
 she stopped and bent over to pick up her revolver . 
 she was n't sure if shane was dangerous , but her instincts told her that she was better off with the gun . 
 at the bottom of the stairs she stopped and picked up her purse , placing the revolver inside . 
 shane 's penthouse was 2200 square feet with four bedrooms . 
 she suspected that one of them had to be an office . 
 that was where she would investigate . 
 the penthouse had more windows than walls . 
 none of them had curtains or blinds . 
 shane acted like he had nothing to hide , but in sun 's experience the most dangerous men were the ones who hid a secret so well that they were rarely suspicious . 
 shane allowed the outside world to see directly into his home at any time . 
 in the daytime , the penthouse was filled with sunlight . 
 that just meant that at night it was filled with darkness . 
 he hid something , and she was determined to find out what . 
 sun walked through the living room , passing some very expensive looking furniture . 
 she made her way to the hallway and found three doors . 
 the first one led to a second bedroom , a guest room . 
 it consisted of very plain furniture and bed covers . 
 the second room was a workout room . 
 the room was comprised of a bench , numerous free weights , ab machines , and a rowing machine . 
 sun good gawked at shane 's vanity . 
 he already works out at the roosevelt club . 
 why does he have so much equipment here at home ? 
 she thought . 
 then she thought about how she appreciated his hard , sculpted body . 
 it was like an olympic god 's . 
 the third room had to be the place where she would discover all of his secrets . 
 where was he keeping records of the missing clients ? 
 they must have been in this room , she thought . 
 she turned the knob and suddenly froze . 
 she felt something cold and daunting standing behind her . 
 she heard faint breathing . 
 sun good reached into her purse and whipped around with the revolver drawn . 
 to her surprise , there was no one standing there . 
 the hallway behind her was completely empty . 
 she relaxed her revolver and turned back to the third room . 
 `` bingo , '' she muttered . 
 the room was shane 's personal , just as she had hoped . 
 a desk , without any drawers , rested near the back window . 
 the only thing that sat on its flawless surface was a silver laptop . 
 sun good felt titillation , like a child discovering where his parents had hidden the christmas presents . 
 she hit the jackpot . 
 she thought that his personal computer would be the place to find his hidden secrets . 
 she sat down behind the desk and turned on the computer . 
 she did n't notice it . 
 but outside of the window , we crept through the night 's shadows . 
 we watched as the detective failed to open shane 's laptop . 
 she tried password after password . 
 she would never crack through our password . 
 technology kept shane and me safe from d.c. 's hot shot detective . 
 we watched as the naked sun good appeared to grow frustrated by her failures to log on to our laptop . 
 after a while , she gave up . 
 shane breathed a deep sigh of relief . 
 perhaps now , she would back off of us . 
 however , just then , she pulled a small jump-drive out of her purse . 
 shane 's eyes widened . 
 he focused on the device and noticed that it was not a normal looking jump-drive . 
 the device was unfamiliar to us . 
 the lights on it blinked profusely . 
 they blinked like they were in-sync to someone 's pulse . 
 she inserted the device into the laptop , and the lights on the device jumped to life , pulsating even faster than before . 
 within moments a loading bar appeared on the blank screen of the laptop . 
 twisting my claws into shane 's frontal lobe , like turning two focusing knobs on a projector ; i zoomed his eyes closer to the symbol on the screen . 
 it was not a loading bar . 
 it was a copying bar . 
 the device that sun good had inserted into our laptop was copying everything off of our hard drive . 
 how did she acquire that kind of technology ? 
 what was this device ? 
 shane wondered , panicked . 
 we were both worried . 
 no surveillance device that we were aware of was capable of hacking beyond a password protected hard drive . 
 it recorded everything that was in our computer 's memory . 
 this device had to be some kind of cia technology that sun good had somehow gotten her hands on . 
 even though there should not have been anything on it that incriminated us . 
 we could not let sun good copy shane 's hard drive . 
 there was no way to be sure that shane had n't missed some clue . 
 perhaps she would find something in his past google searches . 
 perhaps she would find records of shane 's financial transgressions . 
 maybe she might find a receipt from when we stopped to gas up the mercedes not far from the asylum on the morning that we picked up gillard shutter and killed him . 
 we had to take action . 
 i could n't take the chance that this woman would ruin us . 
 sun good would have to die . 
 she went too far . 
 she crossed the line . 
 i dug my claws into shane 's psyche , beyond the layer of his ego , and forced him to listen to me , to do my bidding . 
 for the first time that i could remember , he fought back . 
 he resisted my attempts to convince him kill her . 
 sun good peered behind her to the window . 
 for a fraction of a moment , she witnessed a struggle between a creature and a man , jekyll and hyde . 
 before her eyes could adjust to the struggle that went on outside of the window , we were out of sight . 
 i gained control over shane and we returned to the master bedroom . 
 sun good slid open the glass doors and looked outside . 
 she searched around the side of the penthouse . 
 there was no one there . 
 a sense of uncertainty fell across her . 
 she had witnessed something evil . 
 silently , she returned to the master bedroom . 
 she peeked over at shane . 
 he appeared to be fast asleep . 
 she decided to leave . 
 she picked up her clothes and slipped them on . 
 she squeezed the jump-drive device in the palm of her hand . 
 she dropped it into her purse and left our presence . 
 grabbing her shoes at the bottom of the stairs , she snuck out of the penthouse . 
 after the elevator doors closed ; shane 's eyes popped open . 
 they grew black , marking his full transformation into the monster inside of him . 
 my claws dug deep into his brain , fortifying my control . 
 he would not fight me this time . 
 this time there would be blood -- -- sun good 's blood . 
 | | | | | the mercedes trailed far enough behind sun good 's taxi to be unnoticed by the perceptive detective . 
 we pulled off to the side alley near her apartment building . 
 we watched as she paid the cab driver and exited the taxi . 
 she entered her apartment . 
 i pulled up closer and parked the car across the street . 
 wearing a black t-shirt and leather gloves , i picked the kill-case up off of the passenger seat . 
 silently , i walked up to sun 's front door and picked the lock . 
 her apartment was messy . 
 she left food lying out . 
 makeup was sprawled out everywhere . 
 numerous case files and pictures of shane were fanned out across her kitchen table , like she was some kind of sick stalker . 
 i appreciated her obsession with my vessel . 
 she even had shane 's vanity fair issue . 
 it must have come out already . 
 she left it sprawled out across the edge of her dining table . 
 sun good sat in the next room . 
 i crept up to the doorway . 
 i was well out of sight . 
 she faced the other direction , staring at her computer . 
 the jump-drive was plugged into it . 
 she ran some program that i had never seen before . 
 then suddenly , shane 's desktop appeared across her screen . 
 how was she doing that ? 
 what kind of program could copy entire desktops ? 
 where did a cop from d.c. get this kind of technology ? 
 if the police possessed technology like this , then our job killing creatures like the stonecutter would become extremely difficult . 
 she was going to finger us in our crimes for sure . 
 she had to die . 
 i returned to the kill-case and opened it . 
 our gloved hands removed a syringe and tranquilizer . 
 i jabbed the syringe into the bottle and filled it with the tranquilizer . 
 most of shane 's private desktop had appeared on her computer . 
 suddenly , she felt the same cold breath behind her that she felt back at shane 's penthouse . 
 then , for a brief moment , she saw me in the reflection of her computer screen . 
 before she could spin around , i injected her neck with the powerful sedative . 
 she would be unconscious for hours , if i had planned on leaving her alive . 
 i grabbed her hair and pulled her head back . 
 this was it . 
 i drew a large , sharp hunting knife and placed the blade across her throat . 
 i had waited to spill the inside of her neck for a long time . 
 now was the time . 
 the cold , steel blade began to slice . 
 suddenly , i stared at shane 's reflection in the screen of her laptop . 
 his human reflection stared back at me . 
 ordinarily , i saw my own , but somehow there he was , staring at me , begging me to stop . 
 all of shane 's frailty stared directly into my eyes . 
 i tried , but i could n't move his hand any further . 
 he froze . 
 forcefully , i dug my claws into his mind , twisting and turning the wrinkles of his brain until he gave into my urges , but shane 's hands remained steady . 
 he stalled out . 
 i do n't know how , but he resisted me . 
 never before had he ever withstood my commands to kill . 
 kill her ! 
 i screamed in his head . 
 kill her ! 
 i could n't get him to do what was necessary . 
 i could n't make him kill her . 
 what was it about this woman that gave him the strength to ignore me ? 
 i slithered around in his head and simply grabbed the reigns once more . 
 fine . 
 she can live . 
 i thought . 
 you will regret this . 
 but she can live . 
 we snatched up the jump-drive and replaced it with a replica . 
 within a flash we were back in the mercedes and on our way back to the penthouse , back to bed . 
 shane won a small battle , but i was still in control . 
 he still needed me to kill the stonecutter . 
 he still needed me to survive . 
 i let him have his little fling with the detective . 
 even a well-trained dog needs a bone , and she was his bone . 
 at least it seemed that she was finally off our backs . 
 i retreated to the dark , dry caverns beneath shane 's thoughts and waited until my strength returned to full capacity . 
 then i could come back at him and overpower his restraint . 
 never again would he be able to resist me . 
 never again would he deny my commands , or the next time i would break his precious bone . 
 8 tag `` in this hole , lives the wicked king . '' 
 -- -- david berkowitz , the son of sam . 
 | | | | | the morning sunlight beamed into shane 's penthouse apartment , engulfing the downstairs with a bright light like a fiery inferno of orange colors . 
 the light wrapped around the staircase and fluttered up the walls . 
 it slowly penetrated shane 's bedroom . 
 the light swept across his face , some of it into his ear canal and into my secret dwelling . 
 i was wide awake , but i let shane sleep . 
 he slept in . 
 normally , i sank my teeth into his brain matter , turning on his ignition . 
 this time , i purposefully let him oversleep , messing up his usual routine . 
 he denied my controls last night . 
 that angered me . 
 he wanted to resist me . 
 fine . 
 then he would have to do things without my help . 
 he was on his own . 
 finally , shane opened his eyes and saw that the clock read 9 a.m. . 
 the time was later than usual for him to rise from his sleep . 
 i served as shane 's internal alarm clock . 
 today he would learn a valuable lesson . 
 today he would learn that he needed me . 
 he was my dog , my faithful pet not the other way around . 
 `` shit ... the time , '' shane muttered , sitting up in bed . 
 he forced himself to get up and rushed to the closet . 
 he picked out an outfit that i would n't have dared selected . 
 he dressed and left the penthouse . 
 by the time we made our way down to the lobby of our building , shane realized what i already knew . 
 he left our floor unlocked . 
 now anyone could hit the penthouse button and enter our domain . 
 he stopped in the doorway and peered at his watch . 
 he was far too late to be concerned with locking the penthouse floor . 
 i would have made him go back up , but i took the day off . 
 shane signaled a taxi . 
 it pulled over to the side of the road and he stepped in and instructed the driver to hurry to his office plaza . 
 at the office , shane found ally embers in a state of distress , which was highly unusually for such a well put-together woman . 
 `` why are you so unraveled ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 she looked him up and down , almost not recognizing him because of his unmatched ensemble . 
 `` shane , the secretary has been calling all morning . 
 and now you have a special phone call , '' she said . 
 `` and they 've waited on hold awhile . '' 
 shane watched as a bead of perspiration slowly ran down her cleavage . 
 never before had either of us seen ally so nervous . 
 it made shane nervous . 
 `` i know that i 'm late , but i just walked in the door . 
 tell the secretary that i will call her back . 
 she is not my client after all , her son is . 
 so she can just wait . '' 
 `` the caller on the phone is not the secretary of state . 
 i think that you had better pick it up in your office . '' 
 shane sighed and stepped into his office . 
 he picked up the phone and quickly changed his demeanor to a professional attorney . 
 `` shane lasher , '' he announced to the caller . 
 `` hold for the president , mr. lasher , '' a female voice demanded . 
 curious , neither of us had ever heard terrance 's assistant call him the president before . 
 i guess that technically he was the president of our firm . 
 then again her hungarian accent was gone . 
 it must have been someone else . 
 `` mr. lasher ? '' 
 a strong , familiar voice asked , but it was n't terrance 's . 
 `` yes . 
 who is this ? '' 
 shane asked , confused . 
 i sat at attention in shane 's head , curious as to whom the caller was , but i still was on strike . 
 `` shane , this is sean striker -- -- the president of the united states . '' 
 shane 's jaw dropped , and he peered through the one-way glass , staring ally down . 
 she leaned up against the opposite side of the window , trying to see in . 
 it was the president . 
 we had heard his voice enough on cnn to be sure of that . 
 shane covered the receiver and cleared his throat . 
 `` mr. president , what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` eline kline says that she has been trying to call you this morning and to no avail . '' 
 `` ah , yes sir . '' 
 `` she is a personal friend of mine , shane . 
 i want you to know that i love that woman and her sons . 
 what has happened to alex is a tragedy . 
 she believes that boy is innocent , and i take her at her word , '' the president said , strongly . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` now , i realize that you ca n't discuss with me the details of your defense , and i do n't want to know . '' 
 `` right , mr. president , '' shane said . 
 i was coming to the forefront of him just enough so that i could hear the conversation . 
 i still was n't going to help him today . 
 `` mr. lasher , i am not going to call your boss , terrance graves , or use any of my considerable power to interfere in your defense . 
 you have quite a reputation for getting men off of these kinds of charges . 
 so , i 'm going to let you do your thing . 
 `` but shane , i will be following this case closely . 
 i expect that you will do the right thing . 
 i expect that you will give the kline family your undivided attention . 
 if you can do that and win alex 's freedom , i will consider it a great personal favor to me . 
 `` shane , i do n't forget favors . 
 do you follow my drift ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. president , '' shane said . 
 he realized that during the entire conversation with the president , he stood while holding the phone as if that was protocol . 
 `` good . 
 now shane , call eline and get her off my back . 
 i 'll be seeing you son , '' the president said . 
 he hung up . 
 shane remained standing for a moment and then looked at the phone . 
 he returned it to the receiver and shook his head in amazement . 
 neither of us expected to start our day by taking a phone call from the president of the united states . 
 | | | | | resting in my hiding place from shane , i did nothing but dream . 
 i dreamed of the stonecutter , only it was real . 
 i saw him in his life . 
 i never saw his face , only his figure . 
 he stood in his own lair . 
 he sanded a large , wooden box . 
 carefully , he ran his gloved hands along the sides of it , feeling the smooth edges of the box . 
 the wood shimmered like it was freshly cut from the mill . 
 it smelled like newly opened paper . 
 he leaned back for a moment and basked at the completed box . 
 he worked on this project for weeks . 
 he cut the lumber especially for this . 
 he hauled it himself . 
 he transported it in a rented truck . 
 exactly four weeks ago , he rented a pickup truck under an alias and drove out beyond the city 's outer edges . 
 he drove until he was in west hampton beach . 
 the truck 's engine buzzed silently like he had wanted . 
 he pulled up to a gated manor and got out . 
 a padlock secured the gate . 
 he picked the lock in a matter of moments . 
 afterwards , he slid the chain out from around the gate and opened it . 
 he drove into the empty manor . 
 he drove slowly to avoid leaving tire tracks . 
 he was careful not to leave any trace that he had been there . 
 he backed the pickup truck into the yard , past the house , and into the backyard . 
 the tailgate of the truck stopped a meter from where the dense tree line met the house 's private beach . 
 the stonecutter stared out over the beach and remembered a night that changed his life forever . 
 he remembered killing that particular family . 
 a moment later , the voice inside him urged him to focus on why they were there . 
 he reached into the truck and pulled out a chainsaw and a pair of goggles . 
 he waded through the forest , looking for the perfect tree and found one . 
 he ripped the cord on the saw . 
 the motor buzzed to life . 
 the blade turned ferociously and ripped through the tree 's thick bark . 
 he stood back as it fell to the ground . 
 the stonecutter studied the beach and saw that no one seemed to be coming to investigate the sound of the falling tree or the chainsaw . 
 he cut the engine on the chainsaw and returned it to its resting place inside the truck . 
 then he pulled out an axe and began hacking away at the tree . 
 he wanted to make thinner more manageable pieces out of it . 
 the whole process took the entire day . 
 nightfall approached and he was ready to return to his regular , high-powered lifestyle . 
 so he assessed that he had met his quota of wood and left the rest . 
 i still could not make out his face . 
 he lifted the long , slender boards and piled them in the back of the truck , filling it up . 
 finally , he was ready to leave , but not before he said goodbye . 
 the stonecutter walked calmly past the pickup truck . 
 he stopped at a mound of dirt where bushes and weeds had sprouted up over the years . 
 he knelt down close to the mound . 
 it was a grave . 
 with a muffled voice , he whispered , `` i have very special plans for your son . 
 very special . '' 
 he returned to the truck and drove past the manor and out of the gate . 
 he stopped and stepped out of the truck . 
 he relocked the padlock . 
 before he drove off , the stonecutter walked over to the old , unkempt mailbox and opened it . 
 he reached in with gloved hands and pulled out the cobwebs and several poisonous spiders . 
 then he reached back in and pulled out some old mail . 
 the envelopes were moldy from the rainwater that had seeped in over the decades . 
 none of the mail was legible , so he tossed it back into the mailbox . 
 as he walked back to the truck , he glanced back at the mailbox one last time , and even though some of the letters were missing , he still could read the name on the old , rusted plaque . 
 it read : s. lasher the memory faded and the stonecutter returned his focus on the present . 
 he smiled at his finished , wooden box . 
 as he stared at it and took in the whole thing , he realized that it was one of the finest coffins that he had ever constructed . 
 he stood up from his stool and walked past another workbench . 
 now , he had to finish his other project and the time would be ripe for him to act . 
 sitting on the workbench was a large headstone . 
 he had only begun carving into it . 
 so far it read one single word : lawyer | | | | | shane sat by a nervous alex kline in a large , empty courtroom . 
 they picked jurors for his case . 
 i was glad that i had avoided shane , jury selection bored me . 
 besides , i needed to focus on my vision , study it , and determine my next move against the stonecutter . 
 shane usually needed my help . 
 this would be a good opportunity for him to fail and realize how badly he needed me . 
 unfortunately , terrance graves made it hard for him to fail . 
 he hired a very expensive jury consultant , the kind of man who picks the perfect jurors ; ones that will mostly likely side with our defendant . 
 the jury consultant 's name was john curdick . 
 he sickened me with his attempts to be everyone 's friend . 
 of course , i knew him differently . 
 i could see that there was something more sinister in him . 
 then again , i suspected most lawyers of having something dark inside them , just like jack crush , even terrance had a dark side . 
 in a world where i went around lying to everyone , hiding from everyone , even i did n't trust lawyers . 
 john was an older man , late fifties . 
 he had a bald head and square glasses . 
 some lawyers considered him a genius in disguise . 
 he acted goofy , but i never underestimated his ability to read people . 
 it was probably a good thing that shane was on his own today . 
 john was one of the few people who were always uncomfortable around me . 
 it was as if he could see me and sense my dark presence . 
 shane and i had only met the man once before . 
 we met him at the shutter trial . 
 he was there to help us with the jury selection . 
 john 's instincts were right on . 
 without him , we would have had a much harder time during the trial . 
 his juror picks did not guarantee a win for us , but they were the right picks to hear gillard shutter 's insanity defense . 
 john leaned in and said , `` shane do n't pick the woman on the end with the black handbag . 
 that handbag cost $ 26,000 . 
 it is a gucci . 
 her husband has money . 
 judging by her prejudicial manner , i 'd say she is conservative . 
 her husband probably donates money to the republican party . 
 the kline 's are a famous democratic family . 
 she 's already decided that alex is guilty . '' 
 obviously , shane was not going to need me today . 
 not as long as he had john by his side . 
 i grew more and more frustrated at my attempts to show my vessel that he needed me . 
 i grew impatient waiting for the moment that shane realized how valuable i was to him . 
 jury selection was not going to help me show him his mistake in disobeying my orders to kill det. sun good . 
 leaving her alive would one day come back to hurt us . 
 suddenly , like an angel of mercy , she entered and stood near the back row of the courtroom . 
 i hate angels . 
 shane noticed her . 
 he nodded in her direction and then returned to jury selection . 
 following john 's advice , he dismissed the conservative juror . 
 she stormed out of the jury box and pranced out of the courtroom . 
 her high-heeled shoes clopped on the floor with every step , revealing her disappointment . 
 afterward , shane leaned over to ally and said , `` take over for a moment . 
 i need to talk to det. sun good . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 ally responded . 
 she glanced beyond shane , jealously glaring at sun good . 
 she was very protective of shane . 
 she had an undeniable attraction to him . 
 she thought that it was hidden from us , but we both saw it . 
 she has a schoolgirl crush . 
 shane rarely gave her responsibilities beyond writing briefs and answering phones . 
 however , she was a qualified paralegal as well as his personal assistant . 
 ally spent her nights taking law classes both online and in class at howard university . 
 `` i will be back shortly , '' shane said . 
 he began walking towards sun good . 
 she stepped away from the last pew and walked towards the rear courtroom doors to meet him . 
 shane stepped through the doors and into the hallway . 
 he stopped and gazed at sun good 's amazing torso . 
 while he thought of her different pieces , i thought of her in pieces . 
 shane liked her body in a sexual way . 
 my way was much different , much more perverse and violent . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i left so abruptly last night , '' she said . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 that 's what i used to do to you . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` that 's not why i did it . 
 to be honest i 'm not really sure what happened . 
 in the middle of the night , i remembered waking up at your place , but this morning i woke up in my own bed . 
 i do n't remember how i got there . 
 i ca n't remember much of anything , '' sun good said . 
 `` i know . 
 we must have drunk a lot more than i thought . 
 i do n't remember a lot of what happened . 
 i remember you , but the details are scattered , '' shane lied . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm really mad at myself for letting us get physical . 
 it should n't have happened . 
 it was unprofessional given our recent business , '' she said . 
 `` right now you are the object of my investigation . 
 i could have really messed it up with this shit . '' 
 `` i wanted it to happen . 
 not to hinder your investigation . 
 i know that you are only doing your job . 
 i know that you think that there is something going on with my past clients . 
 `` i assure you that my clients are out there somewhere . 
 they were both victims of wrongful charges . 
 you think that paul verize is going to return to teaching after the entire country called him the ` paul-verizer ' ? 
 i mean would you ? '' 
 `` i see your point . 
 and i do n't regret last night . 
 under different circumstances i would even want to see you again . 
 `` by the way , i know that you had the complaint against me retracted this morning . 
 i appreciate that , '' sun said . 
 `` i never meant for it to get that far anyway . 
 my firm wanted to threaten you , but i was never going to let it play out . 
 i told them this morning that you were no longer going to cause me problems . 
 right ? '' 
 `` i 'm still worried about your missing clients , but i will back off of you and your rich friends for now . 
 `` i will need to know about gillard shutter soon though . 
 this is important . 
 you should be helping me anyway since he was your client . 
 having a new suspect could clear shutters ' reputation , and he could have a civil suit on his side , '' she said . 
 `` i will do what i can , but really i ca n't help you find a man who has gone underground , '' shane said . 
 literally , i thought . 
 `` besides , i 'm a criminal lawyer . 
 i could care less about civil suits . 
 my associates may not like that , but i do n't care . 
 they have plenty of money and cases , '' shane joked . 
 `` anyway , last night was a mistake . 
 i do n't think that we should see each other again . 
 not like that anyway . 
 our professions are at stake . 
 my investigation is at stake , i still like you , '' she said , leaning in closer to him . 
 `` i like you too , '' he revealed . 
 he told the truth . 
 he wanted to see her again . 
 deep down in parts of shane that i dare not visit -- -- his heart -- -- shane wanted to be with her . 
 in our entire span of life , she was the only one who had come this close to breaking us apart . 
 `` we ca n't though . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i will stop following you . 
 call me if you can think of anything else . 
 i better get back , and you had better get back to your jury selection , '' sun good said . 
 `` friends then ? '' 
 shane blurted out as she turned away . 
 she looked back over her shoulder , continued walking , and said , `` yes , but i am still suspicious of you and your firm . '' 
 shane watched as she put her sunglasses on and strolled down the hall and out of the courthouse . 
 | | | | | shane scored a victory today , or so he thought . 
 i knew better . 
 he always needed me . 
 a dark and violent event had fused us together . 
 i was the force that he would never escape . 
 at the moment , he flew high and was satisfied with himself . 
 i let him enjoy his feelings of `` victory '' over me . 
 soon he would realize who his true master was . 
 after a long day of jury selection , we returned home . 
 walking into our building , shane smiled . 
 today , he managed to get det. sun good off of our trail , at least for the moment . 
 and we did it his way , leaving her alive against my will . 
 everything seemed like it was going to work out for him , and with little help from me . 
 at least that was what he thought until we returned home . 
 `` your package is already in your penthouse mr. lasher , '' the building doorman said as shane strolled by the front desk , feeling accomplished . 
 this feeling sank as soon as he heard the doorman 's words . 
 `` what ? '' 
 shane asked , stopping cold in his tracks . 
 he turned to the doorman , a stocky man who sat so low behind the counter that it was easy to miss him . 
 `` your friend , he had a surprise for you . 
 he said he had a key . 
 he was just going to let himself in , '' the doorman said . 
 `` is he still up there ? '' 
 shane asked , remembering that he had forgotten to lock up this morning `` you know , i 'm not quite sure . 
 i never saw him leave . '' 
 immediately , shane turned and hopped on the elevator , riding it impatiently up to the penthouse . 
 the metal doors slid open into our living room . 
 shane stepped off of the lift and took two steps in . 
 he gazed around . 
 someone had definitely been in our home . 
 who was our mysterious visitor ? 
 he might have still been lingering around . 
 whoever , he was . 
 he was not friendly . 
 he was dangerous . 
 at first , i suspected sun good , but that made little sense . 
 shane reached into his briefcase and pulled out a three-inch retractable knife and whipped the blade out . 
 it glimmered in the penthouse 's low evening light . 
 the sun was setting outside . 
 it provided sharp , amber slivers of light for us to see , but left plenty of shadows , plenty of hiding places . 
 shane quietly put down his briefcase and waited for me to seep out of his skin . 
 with the low levels of light , shane needed me . 
 he needed my senses to help him navigate the approaching darkness . 
 he needed my powers to deal with the unknown intruder . 
 he expected me . 
 after all , i had always been there . 
 i had always protected him , but not this time . 
 this time i remained dormant . 
 for now , his mind was a bomb shelter and i hid in it , deep below the surface . 
 if he really needed me i would come out . 
 i was n't going to let harm befall him . 
 he was only mine to harm , but he needed to learn who was in charge . 
 so i abandoned him to take the risk alone . 
 shane began to tremble when he realized that i was not coming to the surface to help him and that he was on his own . 
 he clutched the knife tightly . 
 he looked around and saw no signs of anyone . 
 he checked up the stairs . 
 he found no signs of the strange intruder . 
 shane breathed a sigh of relief . 
 maybe the doorman made a mistake , he thought . 
 he went into the kitchen and looked out of the window . 
 a violent and sudden panic came over both off us . 
 someone was in our secret lair across the roof . 
 the door was wide open . 
 shane gripped the knife and leapt into action . 
 i leaned forward and prepared to intervene if necessary , to protect us . 
 we went out into the yard . 
 slowly , the lair 's door flapped open . 
 someone had pried it open with a crowbar . 
 the lock was completely destroyed . 
 the door barely hung on its steel hinges . 
 cautiously , shane entered our lair . 
 he checked each room thoroughly . 
 we searched past the walk-in freezer and the large , steel furnace . 
 in the next room , we investigated our desk . 
 it nested undisturbed . 
 the computer 's keyboard remained dusty . 
 we rarely used this terminal . 
 he searched the last room , my equipment room . 
 this was where our trophies used to hang before we destroyed them all . 
 the only thing that remained was the cold , steel table in the center of the room . 
 nothing seemed to be out of place except for one foreign object , something that definitely did not belong . 
 a large package rested on the table . 
 the intruder had wrapped it up in thick , brown paper . 
 the package nested on the table alone taunting me . 
 the invader of my sanctuary left it like a calling card . 
 it identified him as the invader of our secret , little world . 
 shane glared at it like he had uncovered a booby trap . 
 at first we thought that our intruder had been det. sun good returning to gather the evidence that was robbed from her , but this was different . 
 we stared at the package and knew that the intruder was someone else , someone deadly . 
 i seeped through the pores in shane 's skin and took over . 
 this was something that he needed me for . 
 i stowed away my anger over his insubordination and united with my vessel . 
 once again he became the tool that i utilized to feed the insatiable bloodlust that coursed through my reptilian veins . 
 we leaned forward , weary of an ambush . 
 cautiously , my talon hand reached out and grabbed the package . 
 it was very heavy . 
 whoever lifted it had incredible strength . 
 not just anyone could lift it , carry it , and then leave it in our apartment . 
 using my considerable strength , i could barely lift it up off of the table . 
 even with all of shane 's muscles , i experienced tension when i tried to pick it up . 
 i clawed the ribbons around the package to shreds . 
 they unraveled and fell to the ground , leaving only the wrapping paper . 
 i swiped my claws across the wrapping paper and watched as it tore open and unfolded . 
 quickly , i tore off the rest of the paper . 
 resting on our table , one that we had used to dissect more than just a few villains was a large stone tablet . 
 it was a tombstone , artfully engraved , it read : here lies eline kline mother to a bastard son the stonecutter was our mysterious visitor . 
 he stopped by and left us with a serial killer 's statement of intent . 
 somehow , he knew we existed . 
 somehow , he knew our identity . 
 he knew that shane was a killer , an avenger seeking his demise , seeking to fill a coffin with the stonecutter 's corpse . 
 yet , he had not come here to harm us . 
 he had not come here to warn us . 
 he toyed with us . 
 the demon inside him sensed me . 
 that was how he knew about shane in the first place . 
 that was how he tracked us down . 
 he left this message to me . 
 he left it to say `` tag you 're it . '' 
 9 buried past `` there is an idea of a patrick bateman ; some kind of abstraction . 
 but there is no real me : only an entity , something illusory . 
 and though i can hide my cold gaze , and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable ... i simply am not there . '' 
 -- -- patrick bateman american psycho . 
 | | | | | the stonecutter told us exactly who his next target was . 
 last night he invaded our sanctuary , gave us a clue as to where he would strike next . 
 he targeted eline kline . 
 so where ever she was ; he would be . 
 he planned to kill her and he wanted us to know . 
 the trick now was to locate and protect the secretary . 
 we spent the entire night searching for her whereabouts with no luck . 
 shane tried calling eline directly . 
 she never answered . 
 her cell phone went straight to voicemail . 
 he left two messages , but she did n't respond . 
 we searched through numerous sources on the internet and nothing . 
 all we had learned so far was that because of alex kline 's legal problems , his mother had experienced a number of death threats . 
 in order to better protect her , the secret service moved her to a secret location . 
 they guarded her closely , keeping her out of the public eye . 
 no one seemed to know where they held her . 
 shane texted ally . 
 he said : ally . 
 i need to find the secretary of state . 
 the secret service has stashed her someplace . 
 it is important that i find her . 
 ask around . 
 no official channels . 
 in no way is this related to the firm . 
 stay discrete . 
 i do n't want anyone to know that i am looking for her . 
 get back to me when you have something . 
 we waited . 
 the morning hours seeped through the night sky . 
 slowly , it took over the day . 
 the rays of the sun purged the darkness into glowing , fiery daylight . 
 and still ally found nothing . 
 we stayed up all night . 
 shane operated on virtually no sleep . 
 i felt him growing weaker and weaker . 
 his strength diminished . 
 soon i would have to take over completely just to keep him awake . 
 his weariness concerned me . 
 i needed him in tiptop shape to face the stonecutter . 
 earlier the stonecutter beckoned us . 
 he wanted a final showdown . 
 now , his trail grew cold again . 
 i needed to find him . 
 i needed to destroy my maker . 
 just thinking about the upcoming battle , whet the taste buds that surrounded the sharp teeth that lined my serpent-shaped mouth . 
 my long tongue slithered out from my lips and licked the top of shane 's skull as if it were a delicious treat , a bone wafer . 
 we waited for this day for almost three decades . 
 even though we had not yet found the specific location of eline kline , we still prepared . 
 we laid out our kill-tools next to the stone tablet that the stonecutter had left for us . 
 i wrote a mental checklist , literally carving it into the walls of shane 's skull like cavemen did in ancient times . 
 i used the checklist like i had packed for a trip , a serial murder retreat . 
 it read : hunting knife scalpel utility knife garrote wire duct tape tranquilizer red scarf silver colt 1911 leather gloves i gazed over each item and scratched it off of my cave wall . 
 shane grimaced each time i did so . 
 he must have felt a stinging sensation each time i scrapped my claws across his bones . 
 each item was accounted for . 
 we were prepared for the kill . 
 shane turned to a large mirror on the wall . 
 he barely recognized himself . 
 i exuded through him . 
 i grew in size , absorbing him like a deadly sponge . 
 soon shane would have a backseat to my devilish deeds . 
 he would be helpless to my actions . 
 his iphone started to ring , interrupting his transformation into me . 
 the caller id read the number of the prison where alex was held . 
 he called from the payphone near his holding cell . 
 shane ignored the call . 
 thank god , i thought . 
 the only call we wanted to take was ally 's with the location of eline kline , not our whiny , young client . 
 if we did n't find the stonecutter soon , i was going to kill alex kline for his annoying stupidity . 
 ally dated a fbi agent two years ago . 
 shane hoped that she could use his heartache over their breakup to manipulate him into tracking the secretary down for us . 
 so far we had not heard from her . 
 no luck there . 
 all avenues led us to a dead end . 
 shane looked at the time . 
 the early morning hastily changed into a working day . 
 we were supposed to be in court today . 
 we could n't cancel it . 
 the only thing to do was to completely skip it . 
 in our absence the judge would call a recess . 
 it had to be that way . 
 if we showed up to trial , there would be no way for us to get out of it . 
 we would be stuck , and we could n't tell ally our plans to skip out . 
 she might blab about it to someone at the office . 
 then terrance would have driven down and showed up at our penthouse and dragged us to the trial . 
 the last thing that we needed was to worry about shane 's job . 
 shane 's iphone vibrated again . 
 shane 's palette had to remain clear . 
 finally , a text arrived from ally . 
 shane opened the message it read : sorry shane . 
 no one knows where the secret service took mrs. kline . 
 now , we were frustrated . 
 shane was at the end of his rope and ready to hang someone with it . 
 the secretary was going to die and the stonecutter was going to get away again . 
 | | | | | shane paced his penthouse . 
 i slithered around on the inside of his thoughts . 
 i felt like a snake that had been coiled for far too long . 
 i needed to spring out and use my serrated teeth to inject my venom into the veins of the stonecutter . 
 if i did n't feed on him soon , i would just take the next person that we saw . 
 both of shane 's phones -- -- his iphone and home phone -- -- rang off of the hook throughout the day . 
 shane was due in court hours ago . 
 the court , the judge 's office , ally , the firm , terrance -- everyone had called . 
 dozens of voicemails waited for us . 
 there were too many for us to listen to at the moment . 
 we focused only on two things : finding the secretary and finding the wretched stonecutter . 
 ally texted a few more times . 
 we responded with : the only thing i care about is the location of eline kline . 
 do n't bother me with anything else right now . 
 ally did n't text again . 
 | | | | | without realizing it , shane fell asleep dressed in his kill-suit . 
 my facial features obtruded through his natural bone structure . 
 he lay on the couch until the door buzzer sounded . 
 he woke up . 
 peering out of the windows , we saw that the night sky had once again covered the city . 
 our hope of finding the secretary in time faded . 
 surely the stonecutter would wait until nightfall to kill her . 
 nightfall now descended on the city . 
 shane gazed at his kenneth cole watch ; it was 7:30 p.m. . 
 the sun had set . 
 we still had time . 
 i was sure of it . 
 the door buzzed again . 
 shane studied the intercom near the elevator doors . 
 he debated on answering it or just letting it buzz . 
 he walked over to it and pressed the button . 
 `` who is there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 a moment passed by , and he heard the aggressive voice of det. sun good . 
 `` let me come up , '' she demanded . 
 `` sorry , sun . 
 i 'm feeling under the weather , '' shane said , trying to think of a better excuse . 
 the truth was that we were both exhausted . 
 `` the judge is going to hold you in contempt . 
 shane , buzz me in ! '' 
 shane leaned his head against the intercom and exhaled in frustration . 
 then suddenly his iphone vibrated . 
 he looked down . 
 he got a notification text from his facebook account . 
 it read : the stonecutter wants to be your friend . 
 i leapt from behind his skin , moving to the surface . 
 i took control . 
 the message filled us with overwhelming exuberance . 
 the stonecutter taunted us , but it was certainly a clue . 
 i opened shane 's facebook app and accepted his friend request . 
 the stonecutter 's profile showed a picture of an unmarked tombstone with tomorrow 's date on it . 
 a single wall post read that eline kline had been checked into manchester , new hampshire . 
 he left us a breadcrumb . 
 he lured us to him . 
 he wanted us to find him . 
 | | | | | the stonecutter 's tag of her was not an exact pinpoint , but shane did some research on google and discovered that the kline 's owned a ranch in manchester . 
 a densely wooded area surrounded it ; it was perfect for the stonecutter to stage an ambush . 
 even with secret service on the grounds , i was skilled enough to infiltrate the ranch . 
 and if we could do it , the stonecutter could do it . 
 i only imagined how skilled his demon must have been to have escaped captivity for decades . 
 i wanted to use shane 's bare hands to pry open the stonecutter 's head and pull his creature out of him . 
 i wanted to watch it struggle and whip around as shane 's hands rang its neck . 
 shane plugged the address of the kline 's ranch into his google maps . 
 immediately we left ; driving for hours . 
 in route we received a text message from ally . 
 it read : terrance 's office called several times . 
 he is pissed ... i found out where the secretary is . 
 she owns a ranch in new hampshire somewhere . 
 she goes there once a month to spend a weekend . 
 my friend told me that she sees someone . 
 a man . 
 not her husband . 
 shane looked at the message puzzled . 
 she meets someone ? 
 was eline kline having an affair ? 
 shane 's brain began calculating , scheming . 
 we both thought the same thing . 
 the stonecutter was going to make eline 's lover bury her alive and then kill the lover , just like he did with shane 's parents . 
 then again maybe the stonecutter was the lover . 
 maybe he knew all of the victims that way . 
 maybe that was how he knew the layouts of their homes ; he had been in them . 
 over the years he murdered numerous families . 
 no one , not the police , not the fbi , not sun good , not the reporters , not even i , could ever figure out why he killed the particular families that he had . 
 the police assumed that it was because they were rich that he had picked them . 
 that never seemed right to me . 
 killing them in such a brutal fashion just to rob them ? 
 no , that was n't right at all . 
 no . 
 no . 
 he forced the husbands to bury their wives and children alive . 
 he was much more than a twisted thief . 
 he was a mass murderer , a deranged killer , a monster . 
 he was like us . 
 the creature in his head was my doppelgänger , my exact double . 
 he wanted me dead . 
 he was powerful . 
 his power surpassed mine , but i was younger and youth stood in my corner . 
 the stonecutter was old and tired , ready for retirement . 
 shane drove with a renewed sense of power and exhilaration . 
 after a while we reached the outskirts of eline 's property . 
 the edge of the property line was only a few miles up the road . 
 shane turned off the lights and drove slowly down the winding , dirt road . 
 living in d.c. , shane learned and studied secret service protocol . 
 he knew that there was at least a half dozen agents guarding mrs. kline . 
 excitement filled our veins . 
 the secret service did n't intimidate me . 
 the road ended just on the edge of the kline 's ranch . 
 our mud-covered tires rested in front of a large , swinging gate which led into a grazing pasture for the kline 's horses . 
 several of them roamed around freely . 
 some were completely still , sleeping . 
 their dark images were perfectly lit by the full moon . 
 shane stepped out of the car and retrieved a satchel filled with our killing tools . 
 we left most behind in the car . 
 we took only the items that we needed the most , including the shovel . 
 before we left the car , shane let go of himself completely . 
 in the exalted presence of the moon , of the darkness , shane transformed into the creature that resided within . 
 like a werewolf , shane shape-shifted into me , the hungry beast from within . 
 my talons pierced through his fingertips . 
 my pitch black eyes peered through shane 's eye-sockets . 
 my scaly skin absorbed his to form a hardened shell . 
 to protect shane 's identity , i wore his blood-red scarf around the bottom of my face . 
 with the scarf pulled tightly around shane 's chin and mouth , my colossal , black eyes peered over the red scarf and into the darkness . 
 i saw with crystal clear vision . 
 i grabbed the satchel and swung it over shane 's shoulder . 
 his watch read 11:30 p.m. . 
 in order to sneak past the secret service 's motion-sensor flood lights , i would have to tread slowly through the grounds of the ranch . 
 we hopped the fence and snuck past the horses . 
 i was so careful and quiet , that not a single animal acknowledged my presence . 
 past the horse 's grazing field , i came to some thick trees . 
 i stayed alert just in case i came across a patrolling secret service agent . 
 i did n't want to kill any of them . 
 killing a federal agent would only piss off the other agencies , increasing their resolve . 
 the fbi would engage in a manhunt just for us . 
 then i would have big problems . 
 i did not want the kinds of problems that came with a fbi manhunt . 
 they would hunt us down until they caught us , never giving up . 
 cops were like bloodhounds in this way . 
 for once , i wanted to prevent death . 
 this was a new policy for us , for me . 
 for once , we were going to do something heroic . 
 the only person that was going to die tonight was the stonecutter . 
 the trees grew darker and darker around me . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 with the satchel strapped over shane 's shoulder , we pressed on towards the ranch , on towards the stonecutter and sweet , destructive vindication . 
 | | | | | the stonecutter liked guns , but they were never our style . 
 i preferred knives strangulation devices , and hatchets . 
 to keep with my tradition of killing killers using their own twisted methods , i brought a gun . 
 it was a shiny , nickel-plated colt 1911 , the same one that i used on shutter . 
 shane had no memories of the day that we were born , only dark snapshots . 
 i could imagine it as i imagined many other events that actually did take place . 
 when i used the powers that i was born with , i could see things that were hidden from shane . 
 i could witness the actions of others . 
 their lives fed into my brain like it was a grinder . 
 their lives were the meat . 
 i processed exactly how the stonecutter 's murders played out . 
 i could recall each and every one of them . 
 the only thing that i could never see was his face . 
 the faces of the other killers were always blackened out in my visions . 
 it was because i saw his murders in my dreams that i knew exactly what kind of gun to bring . 
 finally , we broke through the trees without incident . 
 at the edge of the tree-line i looked at shane 's watch . 
 it was just after midnight . 
 i watched a secret service agent as he rounded the house and walked off towards the guest villa . 
 using my natural senses , i could hear the radio chatter through his earpiece . 
 they suspected nothing . 
 as far as they knew all was calm . 
 the agents were lodged in the guest villa . 
 if eline kline was meeting with her lover , she would have insisted that the agents stayed out of the main house . 
 she must have forced them to setup in the villa . 
 i was n't sure about my theory involving eline 's lover . 
 i had no idea if the stonecutter masked himself as her lover or if he intended to kill them both . 
 the more i thought about it , the more the latter made sense to me . 
 if the stonecutter masqueraded as her lover , then who was he going to use to bury her alive ? 
 i felt that shane concurred as he hid behind me . 
 the stonecutter must have intended to use eline 's lover to bury her alive . 
 he planned to shoot the lover as he did my father . 
 he followed this sick ritual , never deviating from it . 
 it was his kill ritual . 
 we moved closer to the house . 
 the boards on the front porch squeaked underneath shane 's black shoes . 
 we froze and surveyed the house . 
 no one heard us . 
 the lights were off . 
 a cold gust of wind breezed past us , lifting the back of shane 's jacket along and blowing his tie out of place . 
 we crept around the side of the house , following the porch as it winded around to the backyard . 
 off in the distance a dog barked . 
 i glanced in its direction and magnified shane 's vision . 
 the dog was far away from the house . 
 focusing on his shadowy silhouette , i saw that he was a german sheppard , nothing to worry about . 
 he was chained near the end of the barn . 
 we turned the corner of the house and saw that a light emitted from the kitchen . 
 candles flickered through an open window . 
 i approached . 
 from the cover of darkness , i watched as eline kline sat at the kitchen table . 
 someone sat across from her , a well-dressed gentleman . 
 i could n't make out the details of his face . 
 i had no idea who he was . 
 their voices were muffled . 
 i could n't tell what they were saying , not without moving closer and giving us away . 
 the stonecutter would strike soon . 
 i felt it . 
 we stepped backwards into the darkness . 
 quickly , i leapt up and grabbed hold of the bottom of the railing from the second floor balcony . 
 using shane 's upper body strength , i pulled us up . 
 within a moment , we stood inside an empty bedroom in the house . 
 an eerie , uneven silence fell across the second floor . 
 it smelled of cinnamon and sand . 
 peculiar , i thought . 
 the kline 's used those plug-in air fresheners . 
 i hated the smell of cinnamon . 
 of course , i hated everything that smelled of sweetness . 
 the thought of letting the stonecutter kill eline kline before we intervened , crossed my mind . 
 we snuck down the stairs and saw a light flickering from under the kitchen door . 
 the door was ajar . 
 i reached into shane 's jacket pocket and pulled out his gun . 
 we crept slowly towards the kitchen . 
 as we neared the door , we heard soft music playing as if eline and her lover were enjoying a nice , quiet dinner . 
 i reached out and touched shane 's gloved fingertips to the back of the door . 
 i wanted to nudge it open enough to where i could peek in . 
 as i pushed it , i noticed that eline and her lover were not conversing at all . 
 i thought it odd that they were so ambient . 
 then i realized that i did n't hear any sounds of clinking silverware or slurping from wine glasses . 
 something did n't feel right . 
 i shoved the door open . 
 i saw eline sitting at the opposite end of the dinner table . 
 only she did n't move , not an inch . 
 i focused on her face . 
 her eyes were closed . 
 candlelight flickered , creating shadows that danced across the carpet . 
 i shoved the door open completely . 
 i drew my gun and pointed it where her dinner guest sat , but no one was there . 
 i pointed the gun at an empty chair with an undisturbed place setting . 
 i entered the room , ready to strike . 
 before i could see that there was an intruder standing off to the side , a sharp needle pierced the veins of shane 's neck . 
 the syringe injected something sinister into his bloodstream , immediately numbing him . 
 i faltered and flailed about in his head . 
 i saw the stonecutter 's shadowy face in my peripheral vision . 
 in a flash , his image became hazy . 
 i could n't see the details of his face . 
 shane 's vision was too blurry . 
 i turned the gun in his direction , but i was too slow . 
 with one flawless move , he swiped it out of shane 's hand before i could fire a single shot . 
 the fluid that he injected had taken shane 's senses hostage . 
 suddenly , nothing worked . 
 he was unusable . 
 my vessel 's gages went haywire . 
 i twisted and whipped my body and tail inside his head as violently as i could , but nothing snapped him out of it . 
 a thick blackness swept through his body . 
 he was immobilized . 
 i neared the same state . 
 the tranquilizer 's fluid began to flood into my region of shane 's interior . 
 i tried to swim in it , looking for an air pocket , but there was no hope of escape . 
 the fluid consumed me . 
 i held my breath as long as i could . 
 eventually , i was forced to breathe it in . 
 i inhaled two deep gasps of the fluid and it overtook me . 
 i grew powerless to it . 
 i feared that it would drown me , but it was breathable . 
 the fluid flooded my lungs and within seconds i was fast asleep . 
 | | | | | shane woke up , dazed . 
 he sat at the dinner table across from eline kline . 
 his vision was fuzzy , but he could make out her features . 
 she barely moved . 
 she was drugged . 
 they both were . 
 he shook his head in an attempt to fight the paralyzed feeling that overwhelmed him . 
 after several minutes , shane realized that he was alone . 
 the creature in his head was not there . 
 he was the only one at the helm ; nothing guided him , no acute senses , and no heightened abilities . 
 the source of his fearless strength had vanished . 
 his fingers twitched . 
 the drug wore off . 
 he realized that he was not restrained to the chair . 
 the stonecutter was not afraid of him . 
 as his strength returned to his muscles , he began to plan his escape . 
 `` careful son , '' a dark voice said . 
 the voice sounded familiar , like the one in his head . 
 but this voice emitted from over his shoulder . 
 shane cocked his head to see who it was , to gaze upon the real stonecutter . 
 before he could take a good look , a nickel-plated colt 1911 scraped his cheek . 
 `` keep your eyes forward , '' the stonecutter commanded . 
 `` at least for now . '' 
 as his human senses returned , shane felt something that he had only felt when he was trapped in confined spaces -- -- crippling fear . 
 it ripped through the pores of his skin and invaded every blood vessel in him . 
 he was scared . 
 he was terrified . 
 the monster inside him , his mr. hyde , was nowhere to be found . 
 he needed him now . 
 he needed him for protection . 
 the stonecutter was right behind him . 
 `` shane lasher , are you trembling ? 
 i never thought that i would see you tremble . 
 not you , son . '' 
 `` do n't call me that ! '' 
 shane blurted out . 
 his fear grew into anger . 
 for once , he wished that his monster would awaken . 
 `` son , i have watched you for a long time . 
 as long as you have searched for me . 
 even before . 
 can you guess who i am ? 
 have you figured it out yet ? '' 
 shane 's dizziness subsided , and he noticed something on the table in front of him , an object that he had n't noticed before . 
 it was a sketch , resting in a nice frame . 
 the drawing was an etching of a gravestone , the one that was left in his penthouse by the stonecutter . 
 without warning , a feeling of crushing fear overtook him . 
 no , it was n't a crushing fear . 
 it was a stark realization . 
 he had seen this same kind of etching before . 
 he saw them in new york in his godfather 's secret loft , the one in his office . 
 `` terrance ? '' 
 he asked , frightened to hear the response . 
 `` yes , shane , '' the stonecutter answered in a cold , modulated way . 
 he stepped out in front of shane . 
 terrance graves , shane 's mentor and godfather , was his creator . 
 he was the stonecutter , murderer of his parents . 
 he was the man who linked shane to a cold , vengeful demon for the rest of his life . 
 `` terrance ? '' 
 shane repeated . 
 his mouth hung open . 
 `` i am the stonecutter , '' terrance said . 
 he wore a black sweater and dark trousers . 
 he pointed the gun directly at shane . 
 `` sorry shane . 
 i hope that you are not disappointed . 
 i know that you had imagined that you would be the one pointing a gun at me . 
 but i am the one pointing it at you . '' 
 `` terrance . 
 why ? '' 
 `` for twenty-eight years , i watched as my only victim escaped me . 
 you were the one that survived . 
 from the very beginning i watched you : grade school , vacations , chicken pox , girls , and law school . 
 i was always there . '' 
 terrance created shane ; he created the monster . 
 like a puppet master , he toyed with shane from the first days of his life . 
 he set the events in motion , twenty-eight years ago , that would create shane 's twisted obsession for justice and death . 
 `` i created you . 
 i created the monster that lives inside you . 
 look at you . 
 `` you are an avenger , a killer of killers , motivated by the lust for revenge , '' terrance said . 
 he slowly paced around the table toward eline . 
 `` you have to admit it . 
 the media has a sick obsession with both of us . 
 they call me `` the stonecutter '' with no idea of who i really am . 
 `` you , they 've always known -- -- shane the defender of killers . 
 only they have no real idea of who you are . 
 they have no idea that you are their white knight . 
 `` in their eyes , you are the lawyer who defends the most despicable men on the planet . 
 but they do n't have a clue about the real you . 
 you are a murderer and a betrayer , the man who gives serial killers their freedom only to take their lives , '' terrance said . 
 he stopped just behind eline kline and stood tall over her . 
 `` you are a seeker of a sick kind of justice , a slasher , '' he continued . 
 wake up ! 
 shane thought . 
 he feared that his monster abandoned him or worse -- that he died . 
 `` you killed my parents ! 
 you son-of-a-bitch ! '' 
 shane shouted . 
 `` son , lower your voice . 
 we would n't want the secret service to interrupt our family reunion , '' terrance said . 
 he bent down and jerked eline up out of her seat . 
 terrance was a lot stronger than he appeared . 
 he lifted her up completely out of the chair while still pointing the gun straight at shane . 
 `` do n't call me son ! '' 
 shane exclaimed once again . 
 terrance giggled and said , `` but shane , have n't you figured it out yet ? 
 do n't you know why i picked you ? '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 shane asked . 
 `` stand , '' terrance commanded . 
 he motioned the gun towards the backdoor . 
 `` walk out . '' 
 shane mustered all of his strength and stood up . 
 his legs were numb from the tranquilizer , but they worked . 
 he stumbled a little , but slowly made his way towards the door . 
 `` terrance , figure what out ? 
 where are we going ? '' 
 `` i said walk ! '' 
 terrance kicked shane in the rear . 
 he stumbled out of the backdoor almost falling face first onto the back porch . 
 then , suddenly , they were not alone . 
 `` freeze ! '' 
 a stern voice said from the darkness of the backyard . 
 it was a secret service agent out on his patrol . 
 the agent pointed his gun at shane . 
 before he could call for backup over his radio , terrance was in the doorway with his gun pointed back at the agent . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 the stonecutter commanded , holding eline like a human shield . 
 shane looked up at him . 
 in the darkness , terrance 's features changed . 
 he looked animalistic , like a horrifying monster , a creature that out matched shane 's . 
 his eyes were black and soulless . 
 the stonecutter grinned , showing his razor-like teeth . 
 the agent saw that he held the secretary , threatening her demise . 
 he halted for her sake . 
 she was his assigned detail . 
 he released the radio and removed his finger off of the gun 's trigger . 
 `` that 's a good boy . 
 now , toss the gun , '' terrance said . 
 the agent tossed the gun into the darkness . 
 it vanished into the high grass that surrounded the house . 
 slowly , the agent put his hands up in the air . 
 `` walk towards me . '' 
 the agent followed the stonecutter 's instructions . 
 as the agent got close enough , terrance motioned for him to stop . 
 `` on your knees , '' he said . 
 the agent did n't even question the orders . 
 he simply closed his eyes and dropped to his knees . 
 this was called an execution position . 
 he knew it . 
 never allow yourself to be taken in this position . 
 he could hear the words of his hostage instructor as they echoed through his head . 
 the secret service had trained him well . 
 an agent finding himself in this position was done . 
 his life was over , but he had no choice . 
 he was sworn to protect his detail , even if that meant that laying down his life for his country , for her . 
 without taking his eyes off of shane , terrance struck the agent directly in the throat with the bottom of the gun . 
 he struck him so hard that he swallowed most of his larynx . 
 shane watched as the stonecutter , the man that raised him , sinisterly gazed upon the agent choking to death -- watching it , relishing it . 
 the stonecutter was a monster . 
 shane wondered if that was what he looked like to other people , to his victims . 
 he wondered what kind of monster he was . 
 a realization dropped on shane like the apple falling from a tree and landing on isaac newton ; he needed the monster inside him and the monster needed him . 
 they were gravitationally drawn together . 
 the demon needed the small amount of humanity that existed in shane 's bones . 
 somewhere deep inside where the creature did not roam , shane 's human side was still alive . 
 he had to protect it . 
 and the monster in him would always protect it . 
 they had to maintain the balance in order to survive . 
 he never wanted to end up like terrance , a complete and hopeless monster , consumed by the raging desire to kill . 
 `` let 's move , '' terrance commanded . 
 shane rose to his feet and walked off in the direction that terrance pointed . 
 they left the dying agent behind . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` keep walking . 
 we are almost there , '' the stonecutter said . 
 they walked past the barn , past the barking dog . 
 they marched over a hill and past a cluster of trees . 
 terrance carried eline the whole way without stopping to rest . 
 shane saw a large tombstone in the distance . 
 it jetted out of the ground up ahead , near the edge of the woods . 
 they headed straight for it . 
 it was their final destination . 
 when they reached it , terrance said , `` stop here . '' 
 a shovel stuck out of the ground in front of the tombstone . 
 `` take the shovel and dig , son , '' terrance commanded . 
 the crippling fear returned to fill shane 's bloodstream . 
 doom consumed him . 
 he knew exactly what the stonecutter planned . 
 it was his parents all over again . 
 there was no lover to bury eline , so the stonecutter wanted him to play that role . 
 he played the role of his father , and would share the same fate . 
 `` dig , shane ! '' 
 shane said nothing . 
 he reached over and grabbed the shovel . 
 he stabbed the earth , praying that his monster would return to him , return in time . 
 however , for now , he was on his own . 
 terrance laid eline on the ground . 
 he stood near shane and watched as his protégé shoveled the grave of eline kline . 
 a grin formed on his evil face , a grin shared by the creature that lurked inside of him . 
 he thought about how fitting it was that the avenger would soon become his scapegoat . 
 after shane buried eline , terrance conspired to bury him in an unmarked grave . 
 he planned to tell the agents that shane attacked them . 
 he 'd tell them that somehow he managed to escape the clutches of the famed lawyer/serial killer . 
 everyone would believe that shane was really the notorious stonecutter all along . 
 | | | | | it had been less than an hour , and eline 's grave was dug . 
 in the cold darkness , shane felt fearful . 
 he waited for his monster to reveal himself and save him . 
 desperately he longed for his dark side to come to the surface . 
 he heard eline stirring . 
 she regained some of her strength . 
 `` it looks like the secretary is waking . 
 put her in the grave , '' terrance said . 
 he aimed down the sights of the gun at shane . 
 shane saw the stonecutter 's cold gaze . 
 `` do n't argue , shane . 
 just do it . 
 if you refuse i will shoot you in the stomach , and do it myself . '' 
 reluctantly , shane dropped the shovel and walked over to eline . 
 his scarf had fallen off of his face , no longer concealing his identity . 
 his eyes were back to their normal deep blue . 
 she looked up at him , appearing to have recognized him . 
 `` no . 
 no , '' she begged , looking directly at shane . 
 she did n't even see the stonecutter . 
 she must have assumed that shane was the culprit doing this to her . 
 shane lifted her up and carefully placed her in the hole . 
 he climbed out . 
 `` now , cover her , '' terrance said . 
 he lifted the gun higher so that shane would see that he was serious . 
 there was no sign of a lid . 
 `` with the dirt , '' terrance continued . 
 shane tossed the dirt back on top of eline . 
 she struggled to stand up . 
 the drug 's effects were still potent enough to keep her immobile . 
 she was powerless to fight back and soon she was buried under a mound of dirt . 
 when shane was in the hole , he dug an extra air pocket on the bottom while making it look like he patted the dirt a couple of times with the shovel . 
 as long as she kept her face in it , she might have enough air to last ten to fifteen minutes . 
 it was n't long , but it could give shane enough time to wake his creature , or so he hoped . 
 wake up , he thought , feeling desperate . 
 `` now what ? 
 you plan on killing me as well ? '' 
 `` son , i 'm not going to kill you . 
 frame you , but not kill you , '' terrance replied , lying . 
 he stepped closer to shane . 
 he approached him until the only thing between them was the mound of dirt . 
 shane grinned in anger at terrance for calling him son again . 
 he said nothing this time . 
 `` walk towards the trees over there , '' terrance said , pointing off in the darkest direction . 
 shane turned and walked . 
 he felt more than afraid now . 
 he felt defeated . 
 the stonecutter had outdone him . 
 he knew exactly what terrance planned . 
 terrance had already dug up a grave somewhere else for shane . 
 he was going to bury him in a special coffin , one that he carved himself . 
 after he shot shane , buried him alive , and left him for dead , the stonecutter would return to his normal life as terrance graves . 
 he would simply settle back into his disguise and watch as the fbi scrambled to find shane lasher -- -- suspected stonecutter . 
 shane stopped just in front of the open grave . 
 he could hear terrance snickering behind him . 
 the stonecutter had won . 
 shane 's only hope was for his monster to awaken , and that seemed impossible now . 
 terrance had killed shane 's parents . 
 he had killed his father and taken over the firm as the sole president , dropping the lasher name from the masthead , making it graves and associates . 
 and now , he was going to kill shane -- the only remaining lasher . 
 `` son , have you figured out what is happening to you ? 
 have you figured out what sets me apart from other killers ? 
 how i choose my victims ? '' 
 `` you are going to kill me like you did my father ? '' 
 shane replied as he inched closer to the edge of the open grave . 
 `` shane , i am your father , '' terrance said . 
 he watched the expression of complete shock rip through shane 's face . 
 the stonecutter 's dark words reached into shane 's head , grabbed hold of the monster inside of him , and like a defibrillator , jolted 10,000 volts into my body . 
 `` no ! '' 
 shane shouted . 
 `` he was getting close to me . 
 like you were . 
 he suspected me . 
 so i seduced and fucked a lonely , rich woman -- your mother , '' terrance continued . 
 his confession surged a second volt of electric waves through my body -- -- 20,000 volts . 
 i felt my teeth rattle . 
 my breathing suddenly returned . 
 still weak and unable to move , i laid still and listened to what shane was forced to hear . 
 i felt his emotions . 
 i feared his fears . 
 `` i was n't satisfied with just fucking her . 
 so seven months later , i killed them and tried to kill you . 
 but then , you were born and i grew to love you , son . 
 i do n't want to kill you , but you leave me little choice , '' terrance explained . 
 he inched closer and closer to shane with the gun pointed directly at his temple . 
 he was going to kill his son , my vessel , framing him for eline 's murder and for all of his other murders . 
 the kline kid must have been one of his illegitimate sons . 
 terrance 's style was more than robbing rich families and burying them alive . 
 he had affairs with the wives of powerful men , and then forced the men to bury the wives alive . 
 that was how his monster got off . 
 he secretly took his adversary 's prized possessions including their women , and then he forced the husbands to kill their wives . 
 essentially , he robbed them of everything . 
 he stripped away their power . 
 that was how he selected them . 
 every family that he killed was n't only rich , but also powerful . 
 he liked to take their power away , burying their power with them deep in the earth , hiding them from society . 
 `` yes , i can see you working it out in your head . 
 gillard shutter was my last scapegoat . 
 that was when i discovered your dark devil . 
 `` oh shane , how i felt when i learned that you had something inside of you like i have inside of me , '' terrance admitted . 
 he turned his head for a quick moment and glanced at the moon as if he was contemplating something profound . 
 he looked at it as if it were his temptress , his beacon of light in the dark , night sky . 
 `` sometimes , i feel like there really is a creature living inside of my head . 
 it controls me . 
 it gives me all of these sick and twisted thoughts . 
 do you have any idea what that is like ? 
 `` whenever a serial killer is caught , he blames the voice in his head ... . 
 that is real . 
 the voice is real . 
 i feel the devil inside me as it turns and twists about . 
 it seeks the perfect position to control me . '' 
 the strength slowly returned to my body . 
 my claws twitched until i could fully move them . 
 i awakened . 
 shane felt my stirring inside him . 
 he stared at terrance and said nothing . 
 he only hoped that i would jump back to life in time . 
 `` as soon as the secret service finds out that you are the killer , and that i killed you in self-defense , i will be free of you . 
 finally , '' terrance said . 
 my black eyes shot open . 
 the tranquilizer had knocked me out of the cockpit and clear down to shane 's guts . 
 i spun around and began to climb my way back to his brain , back to his thoughts , back to the controls . 
 `` and the cops will stop looking for your past clients when they search your penthouse . 
 they will link you to those two murders along with the ones that i committed over the years , leaving my firm alone . 
 `` you were smart and promising . 
 i knew that you would never stop looking for the stonecutter until you had him . 
 so i gave gillard shutter to you on a silver platter . 
 i thought that your devil would be satisfied . 
 i thought that he was merely a vengeful creature . 
 but you had to keep killing after shutter . 
 you could n't be satisfied with avenging your parents . 
 you killed paul verize , '' terrance said . 
 he peeked down into the open grave . 
 he planned on shooting shane . 
 he was only moments away from seeing his plan carried out , but he noticed that something was n't right . 
 something was missing from the grave . 
 something was missing from the ritual . 
 `` i did n't kill shutter for revenge , '' shane confessed . 
 he began to inch away . 
 slowly , he backed towards the woods , towards the darkness . 
 `` yes , you did . 
 you could n't let it go and you hunted down and avenged your parents , '' terrance said , peering down into the grave , trying to figure out what was missing . 
 rapidly , i climbed up shane 's ribcage , passing his beating heart . 
 i clawed at the entrance into his skull . 
 i was almost back in the driver 's seat . 
 `` you are wrong . 
 i never intended to kill you for revenge , '' shane said , backing away . 
 `` what then , justice ? '' 
 `` revenge is about killing the person who wronged you . 
 if i was looking for revenge ; then why the others , more than just shutter and verize ? '' 
 `` others ? 
 what others ? '' 
 terrance asked . 
 `` did n't you know , stonecutter ? 
 i killed others before them , '' shane said as his eyes turned a deep black color , my black . 
 in the moonlight , it appeared that his facial features transformed into mine . 
 i covered his surface , coming out with my teeth sharpened , claws extended . 
 `` what others ? 
 the missing clients ? '' 
 terrance asked . 
 an unexpected look of worry stretched across his face . 
 i nodded and grinned . 
 my eyebrows furrowed , creating an animalistic glare across shane 's face . 
 `` you only killed shutter and verize , '' terrance insisted . 
 `` and all the others , '' we replied , laughing . 
 `` what others ? '' 
 `` all of the missing clients . 
 the killers anyway . 
 you kill rich and powerful families . 
 i kill killers , '' i said . 
 i was in complete control of shane now . 
 my tentacles were firmly wrapped around his brain . 
 `` but we have dozens of clients unaccounted for . '' 
 `` yes , '' i answered . 
 i backed us far from terrance . 
 now , we stood on the border of the tree line and the utter darkness beyond it . 
 he realized that we had moved further from him . 
 he stared at us . 
 he gasped as he tried to focus on my features . 
 his monster gazed upon me . 
 for the first time , he saw the horrifying thing that he 'd created . 
 `` i study them . 
 i get them a not guilty verdict . 
 i free them . 
 and i murder them . '' 
 `` for justice ? '' 
 terrance asked . 
 `` justice is for humans , stonecutter . 
 you and i are not human . 
 we are something else . 
 something different , '' i said , as i stepped back once more . 
 the sudden , thick darkness engulfed me into it like a sponge of blackness . 
 `` we are monsters , '' i whispered . 
 terrance heard my dark voice surrounding him . 
 it echoed as if the trees housed numerous hidden speakers . 
 he lost me . 
 i left him with no idea where i was . 
 looking down into the open grave , terrance realized what was missing , the coffin that he had crafted for us . 
 i pulled it out of the grave earlier in the night , before i approached the house . 
 i hid this from shane . 
 i did n't want to spoil it for him . 
 the stonecutter twisted and contorted his head to try and find me . 
 he took a furious breath and began to chase after me . 
 the creature inside him felt something that it had never felt before -- fear . 
 he ducked and darted around the trees and beneath low hanging branches . 
 he sprinted through the woods , following the warm path that i left for him . 
 terrance grew frustrated as he realized that i was nowhere in sight . 
 he could not lose us . 
 he had to find us . 
 terrance began to sprint through the thick , dark night . 
 abruptly , he tripped over something and fell into a deep hole . 
 the sound of cracking bones sounded all around him . 
 an intense pain shot through his body . 
 his legs twisted and broke . 
 he looked like a feeble tree that had toppled over and now was trying to escape the hard , dry soil . 
 he panicked when he realized that he was not lying on dirt . 
 he was lying in a coffin . 
 it was the coffin that he had built special for us . 
 even though it was snug , it was now his coffin . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 as his eyes adjusted to the dim light that fell from the moon and filtered through the branches overhead , he saw my lean figure standing over the open grave holding his gun . 
 he had n't even realized that he dropped it . 
 my eyes were completely black . 
 shane 's blood-red scarf blew in the wind , naturally covering the bottom half of my face once again . 
 `` terrance graves , '' i said . 
 `` you are lying in a grave . 
 your grave . '' 
 `` you are not shane ! 
 who are you ?! '' 
 terrance demanded . 
 without a moment 's hesitation , i shot him in the chest , a merciful act unlike what he did to sebastian lasher , our real father . 
 i glared into his soulless eyes and watched as the monster inside him breathed its last breath . 
 i relished in its utter death . 
 it was that short moment that gave my entire life meaning . 
 now , i was satisfied . 
 the gunshot had surely been heard across the ranch . 
 a moment after it echoed throughout the landscape , the motion lights ignited , flooding most of the area with extreme white light . 
 within minutes , secret service agents crawled all over the property , but we were already running towards shane 's car , leaving behind : a shovel , terrance 's handcrafted coffin , a dead godfather , and a headstone that was created decades ago for sebastian lasher . 
 with faded letters , it read : here lies the bastard lawyer sebastian lasher 's name had been completely rubbed off . 
 no trace of it remained . 
 the secret service agents found terrance dead in the coffin . 
 upon close examination , they also found that the coffin had a tag on it that read : exhibit b the stonecutter 's coffin shane was exhibit a. 10 the final verdict `` this is the happiest moment of my life . '' 
 -- -- george engel . 
 right before he hung to death . 
 | | | | | we were in the last place that i ever wanted to be -- jail . 
 shane sat behind bars , normally we contemplated mass murder , but now he contemplated suicide . 
 we did something that i never thought i would ever allow ; we turned ourselves in . 
 we allowed ourselves to be put in jail . 
 the price of playing the hero , i thought . 
 as soon as we returned from recess , the judge had us arrested . 
 the only excuse regarding our absence from the trial that shane had for him and the media was that we got caught up in a 48 hour lovemaking session with a couple of prostitutes . 
 of course , we paid those girls handsomely to agree to that very story . 
 and both girls were so doped up the night before that they were n't sure who they were with , might as well have been a wealthy , young lawyer and celebrity . 
 first day of the trial , which was postponed due to our imprisonment , and the courtroom had been packed wall to wall with spectators . 
 the courthouse steps had been overcrowded with news cameras and media personalities . 
 the traffic on hoover avenue was completely jammed . 
 it was like the presidential motorcade was left abandoned in front of the building . 
 none of the cars budged . 
 cops were posted on every street corner trying to restrict the crowds from becoming too overbearing for their already exhausted police force . 
 on every major news channel , the stars of the media reported on this court case . 
 everyone out there was talking about the new stonecutter murder . 
 and we missed it . 
 at least we missed the media coverage . 
 shane was being held in contempt for not showing up to court on friday morning . 
 the interest in this case soared because federal agents revealed that over the weekend the u.s. secretary of state was attacked by the stonecutter . 
 anderson cooper told his cnn viewers that the stonecutter murdered the senior partner of graves and associates . 
 how he knew that much detail , i was n't sure . 
 perhaps , he also had a creature inside him like me . 
 who know ? 
 one day anderson might be in my crosshairs . 
 for now , we were stuck in jail . 
 `` lasher , you have a visitor , '' one of the guards announced , abruptly . 
 we looked up and saw a secret service agent escorting the weak-looking eline kline . 
 she had suffered from oxygen deprivation . 
 she looked a bit shaken up . 
 otherwise she was perfectly fine for a woman who should have been dead and buried . 
 it was shane 's idea to make that air pocket for her . 
 if we had n't then she would have surely been dead . 
 she leaned into the bars and said , `` thank you , mr. lasher . 
 you have freed my son . '' 
 `` mrs. kline , i had nothing to do with freeing your son . 
 the real stonecutter attacked you and terrance . 
 if he had n't your son would still be the police 's suspect , '' shane said and swallowed hard at the lie that he was about to tell . 
 `` the real hero here is terrance graves . 
 he saved your life . 
 his sacrifice is the reason that you are still alive , '' shane continued ; feeling disgusted . 
 `` mr. lasher , you are right , but he is not here . 
 so i thank you . 
 and in your own way of mishandling this case , i feel that you may have saved my son 's life . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i feel that i must thank you . 
 so just accept it , '' she insisted . 
 `` yes ma'am . 
 i guess that it was just dumb luck , '' he said . 
 `` at any rate . 
 i owe you considerably . 
 so much of what happened is still so fuzzy . 
 some of my memory makes no sense . 
 like sometimes , i remember terrance attacking me , but then he was attacked too , so that ca n't be right . '' 
 `` what happened does n't matter . 
 your son is going to be free . 
 and you are alive . 
 just be grateful for that , '' shane said . 
 in a strange way , i was proud of him . 
 even though we were turning into semi-heroes , i felt proud to be living inside of him . 
 the secretary turned to leave , but stopped halfway . 
 she turned back and asked , `` is there anything that you need ? '' 
 `` go . 
 get well , mrs. kline , '' shane said . 
 | | | | | i straddled shane 's brain with pride . 
 we killed the stonecutter and ended our nearly three decade quest to spill his blood . 
 shane stared out of the jail cell and down the winding hallway when the guard approached once more with two new guests . 
 more visitors ? 
 shane thought . 
 i saw det. sun good before he did . 
 she walked , more like strutted , towards shane 's cell . 
 `` det. sun good , '' shane said when she reached the cell bars . 
 `` shane , finally you are where i 've always wanted to put you , '' she said , laughing . 
 `` it 's nice to see you , sun . 
 who is your friend ? '' 
 shane asked , acknowledging the unfamiliar man that followed close behind her . 
 he wore a suit and tie . 
 it made him look like a fed . 
 his build was athletic for an older man . 
 he was probably in his late forties . 
 `` shane , this is special agent kirk cutter . 
 he is the fbi 's best serial killer profiler . '' 
 great ! 
 i thought . 
 `` it is nice to meet you , mr. lasher , '' agent cutter said . 
 he looked quite serious . 
 at first , i was uninterested in both of them until she said ` best serial killer profiler ' . 
 why was he here ? 
 why did she bring him ? 
 did she finally suspect us ? 
 `` shane , we have noticed that some of your clients are missing , and i originally blamed you for hiding their whereabouts from us . 
 i owe you an apology . 
 i 'm sorry , '' sun said . 
 `` wow . 
 thank you , sun , '' shane said , slightly bewildered , but he smirked , jokingly . 
 `` so you finally realized that i had nothing to do with their disappearances ? '' 
 `` it turns out that there are a lot more than a couple of clients missing , '' she said . 
 `` there are twenty-seven confirmed missing clients , mr. lasher , '' kirk cutter interrupted . 
 `` and they are missing across the board . 
 and your firm has a global reach with territory everywhere . 
 just here in the united states on the east coast , we have confirmed that number of missing clients . 
 each was a defendant that was acquitted on murder charges . '' 
 shit . 
 they are getting close to discovering what i do . 
 `` that is a lot of missing clients , '' shane admitted . 
 we both knew that the number was far greater than twenty-seven . 
 `` so , what do you think ? '' 
 they had us in jail . 
 we could n't escape . 
 we could only pray that they were n't suspecting us . 
 were they here to arrest us ? 
 `` we think that you can help us , '' kirk cutter said . 
 then i noticed that there was something off about him . 
 `` help you ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` you can report to us . 
 you can look around a little bit at your coworkers or through company files . 
 maybe you can uncover something for us , '' sun good suggested . 
 `` you guys want me to spy for the fbi ? 
 like an informant ? '' 
 `` mr. lasher , something funny is going on at your firm . 
 now , it may turn out that terrance graves is behind the disappearances . 
 it may turn out to be nothing . 
 but it could turn out to be something else altogether . 
 `` we just want you to keep your eyes peeled , '' kirk cutter said . 
 i would like to peel your eyes back off of your face , serial killer hunter , i thought . 
 `` just think about it , shane . 
 there is going to be an investigation . 
 i 'm just giving you the chance to help out , '' sun good said . 
 the two of them turned and left us behind bars . 
 if they found anything in their investigation , it could end up leading them to us and we might spend the rest of our life behind bars . 
 we had just rid the world of a mass murderer . 
 we saved eline kline 's life . 
 we freed her son from death row . 
 now we might get caught ? 
 we might end up on death row ourselves . 
 no good deed goes unpunished , i thought . 
 | | | | | wednesday afternoon we were released from jail . 
 back at our penthouse , we got a voicemail from ally . 
 she said that the partners wanted to see us first thing in the morning . 
 so she booked a flight for us , another redeye . 
 shane packed light and caught the plane . 
 when the morning arrived , we stared at the hellish double doors that led into the boardroom , waiting for the meeting to begin . 
 `` mr. lasher , '' tina said . 
 her face was still puffy from apparently crying over terrance 's death . 
 `` the partners will see you now . '' 
 she opened the large , terrifying doors . 
 we entered the dark chamber -- the same place we stood not so long ago when terrance was alive . 
 we stood here while he pretended to defend us . 
 in fact , he had sabotaged us . 
 he toyed with us , and i did n't even notice the monster that lived inside him . 
 the board sat around the long table . 
 they stared at us from the darkness that surrounded them . 
 shane looked at the empty chair at the head of the table , the chair that used to belong to terrance . 
 he sat there , overseeing the board , the partners , overseeing our life . 
 `` shane , your recent activities have been less than favorable for this firm 's reputation . 
 however , in consideration for terrance and your record with this firm , and with how things turned out for mr. alex kline , we have an important task for you . 
 we want you to fill terrance 's seat while we consider replacements . 
 `` would you be willing to take on this challenge ? '' 
 it was in that moment , in the darkness of shane 's soul that i peeked through the portals that were his eyes , and saw for the first time the monsters that sat in front of us . 
 the partners were all demonic . 
 every one of them had a creature living in them -- a killer , like myself . 
 i could hear their collective rattles as they warned me that this was their snake pit . 
 terrance had not been alone . 
 he was the leader of a firm filled with lawyers with killers living inside of them -- killers like me . 
 and why not ? 
 he built this firm . 
 he filled it with the associates . 
 the partners were all capable of murder . 
 we had to investigate . 
 we had to keep our evil eyes on them . 
 so shane said , `` yes . 
 shane lasher will return !!!! about the author scott blade lives near new orleans with his siberian husky , mako . 
 www.scottblade.com more books by scott blade cut & dry shane lasher is in trouble . 
 fbi serial killer hunter , kirk cutter , has discovered something profound about shane 's law firm : dozens of acquitted murder clients have vanished . 
 cutter suspects that shane is a serial killer who only murders killers . 
 nothing could be closer to the truth . 
 shane 's killer side has been busy . 
 while shane avoids the clutches of agent cutter , he sets his sights on a new serial killer called the woodsman , a murderer with a nasty hobby that involves carving . 
 the secret of lions `` if the bourne identity , da vinci code , & saving private ryan were a movie directed by quentin tarrintino ; this would be the book ! 
 -- goodreads the secret of lions is a mysterious painting that appears in an art gallery in london . 
 it hides a dark secret . 
 this is the haunting , ultraviolent , and beautiful story of a boy who is stolen from his parents and raised in secret by adolf hitler . 
 during a time of war and betrayal , all that young willem kessler wants is to paint and live his life . 
 instead he is forced to follow in his would-be father 's footsteps . 
 learning that everything was stolen from him , now he is fueled by revenge . 
 he soon finds that the only thing more deadly than the flames of vengeance is the fiery affair of the beautiful , american art student , barbara howard . 
