 not so mysterious by sara jamieson smashwords edition copyright 2014 sara jamieson license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 confusion i may have to injure claire before this day is over . 
 that is not a very auspicious beginning , is it ? 
 it is , however , exactly what i remember thinking as i sat trapped at the raffle ticket table on the morning of the last ll christmas party . 
 it was not the nicest of thoughts , but i do not feel too badly about it because i am positive that my cousin was deliberately provoking me . 
 she does that . 
 i think she picked it up as a habit from our aunt chessie . 
 that probably does not make any sense to you -lrb- although it would make complete sense if you had ever spent any time around chessie -rrb- . 
 i should explain . 
 to start with , i was probably a little predisposed toward being grumpy because it was so cold outside . 
 it was one of those days where just standing outside and breathing makes your lungs ache . 
 it was overcast and grey outside , and i am a girl who likes her sunshine . 
 to top it off , claire had insisted that the raffle ticket table be directly inside the door . 
 this meant that every time someone new came in the building , i got hit with a reminder of the unpleasantness of the weather . 
 then , there is the fact that i am a natural worrier . 
 you could feel that bad weather was coming in the air . 
 there was that hint of moisture creeping in to go along with the cold . 
 the forecasters were all agreed that it was on its way . 
 depending on whom you listened to , we were either getting sleet , snow , or a nice mix of both . 
 the predictions of a start time ranged from early afternoon to later in the evening , but the general consensus seemed to settle on somewhere around four for the sky to break open . 
 the ll christmas party usually ends somewhere between two and three , so i was worried about the weather starting earlier than anticipated and catching some of the ladies still out . 
 mostly , this was because there are four or five members of the ll whose decision to continue driving is questionable at best , and i really did not care to have any slickness added to the equation . 
 the weather and attendant driving in less than desirable conditions prospects were not really claire 's fault , but it was , in a way , due to her that the latter was a possibility . 
 in order for you to understand that , i am going to have to explain both the ll and a little bit about my family . 
 the ll is what claire and i call it -lrb- when no other members are in a position to hear us -rrb- because it seemed like a good idea when we were teenagers , and we have never gotten out of the habit . 
 the organization is actually the granville bay society for community responsibility with active purpose . 
 i can not tell you what they were thinking when they named it . 
 i am not sure that anyone -lrb- still in a position to communicate said information -rrb- actually knows . 
 the only thing that they teach you about the name of the club when you join is that it was the result of an intensive committee vetting process that lasted nearly six months and resulted in a famous club history incident in which two of the founding members launched pastries at each other from opposite ends of a tea table . 
 to tell you the truth , i am not entirely certain if they always stress that particular point because they think it is funny or because they are giving you a warning . 
 either way , the granville bay society for community responsibility with active purpose has been a fixture in this community for well over 80 years . 
 for most of those over 80 years , no one has called it the granville bay society for community responsibility with active purpose . 
 it is my personal pet theory that the pastry chucking incident may have started when someone pointed out to a naming committee member that the name they were suggesting was entirely too long for any sort of practical use . 
 i would say to try and say it three times fast , but that is a little clichéd and does not quite make my point . 
 instead , try saying -lrb- out loud -rrb- `` i 'm off to the meeting of the granville bay society for community responsibility with active purpose . '' 
 it 's awkward , is n't it ? 
 similar thoughts having occurred to some people early on , one would think that the group would have gone the time honored route of adopting their initials for common use in conversation . 
 they did not . 
 someone in those early days -lrb- and it must have been someone with enough `` pull '' in the organization to convince the others to go along with it -rrb- decided that a charitable organization being known as `` scrap '' was not an appropriate way to proceed and convinced the club members to let themselves be known in the general community as the `` lady lunchers . '' 
 that is what most everyone has called them ever since . 
 i , personally , am unsure whether this was really a better idea than referring to themselves as scrap , but no one opted to ask me my opinion on the matter -- not to mention that said naming conventions were firmly in place well before my birth . 
 when claire and i were younger and thought ourselves very clever in the way that teenagers often do , we decided that the lady lunchers sounded like a group of old , staid women -lrb- how accurate of a description that was for the group at the time i will refrain from saying -rrb- . 
 having been forced into membership early on by our aunt chessie -lrb- actually our great aunt -rrb- , we thought that our inclusion in said group required a cooler moniker -lrb- for use amongst ourselves because we never would have been brave enough to say it in front of aunt chessie -rrb- . 
 we , in our teenage wisdom , decided that referring to it as the ll had the proper feel -lrb- i can not remember precisely what it was that we were going for at the time vibe wise ; i dare say we probably failed -rrb- . 
 we have called it that between the two of us ever since . 
 i will also point out that the secrecy of the early habit is so well ingrained that neither one of us has ever let that name slip out in front of aunt chessie in all of the years since despite both of our firm grown-up beliefs that she could not be bothered to care or comment on what we call it so long as we show up when we are supposed to be there . 
 anyway , the lady lunchers meet monthly for -lrb- please tell me you guessed it -rrb- lunch and work on various charitable projects within the confines of the greater granville bay area . 
 they do a variety of helpful things and are very serious workers when it comes to their projects , however , everyone in town knows that the actual lunch meetings are quick decisive meetings about project plans and decisions followed by an excuse to linger over a good meal and trade excessive amounts of gossip . 
 i will let you decide how those two activities balance each other out in the grand scheme of total worthwhileness . 
 despite the two of us not having much of a choice in our original induction into society membership , i think aunt chessie knew what she was doing when she pushed us into it . 
 we were both in desperate need at the time of something to push us out of indwelling on what we had lost , and the combination of growing to enjoy what we did there and being united in our indignation at the compulsoriness of the activity was good for us . 
 neither one of us would be willing to give it up today . 
 the first saturday of every month on our calendars is kept carefully clear of all other engagements . 
 claire even arranged the plans for her wedding and honeymoon so that they would not conflict with any ll meetings or projects . 
 i do not think either one of us has ever expressed our appreciation to aunt chessie . 
 the smirky smile she sends in our direction whenever she notices us immersed in ll activities kind of dampens the compulsion to share . 
 the smirks in our general direction were rampant at the december meeting because it was the kick off day for the december project , and chessie knows that it is the favorite of both of us . 
 on the first saturday of december , the ll does not have their standard lunch and business meeting . 
 on the first saturday of december , the ll meets for at least four hours to have brunch , a christmas party , and raise money for our annual christmas project . 
 for two weeks prior to the meeting , all of the members sell raffle tickets for two or three items procured by the christmas project chair to the community at large . 
 before the start of the december meeting is a time to turn in the collected ticket money and play a rousing game of who outsold whom this year . 
 brunch is then served while a silent auction of three or four smaller items is held . 
 games organized by the cpc -lrb- think about it for a moment , you will figure it out -rrb- follow that , and the day culminates in a not silent auction of some impressive item or other that the cpc is in charge of procuring . 
 this item is typically kept secret until the day in question . 
 the more gasping in surprise that is heard at its revelation ; the more successful the cpc is considered . 
 the truth is that the ladies of the ll genuinely care about their community , and they enjoy their various charity projects . 
 the christmas one is a particular favorite for more people than the members of my family because it involves young children . 
 these women would have donated their time and money for the cause regardless . 
 this , however , does not mean that they do not expect to be well entertained by the activities at the christmas party . 
 there is no question that they do . 
 it is common knowledge that it has been mumbled for several years -lrb- and i do mean mumbled -- claire and i are not the only ones who have a healthy fear of direct confrontation with our aunt chessie -rrb- that perhaps the two decade long reign of chessie prescott as christmas party chair had gone on long enough . 
 this brings us to the reason that it is because of claire that i had to worry about the potential of some questionable drivers being out and about on questionable driving surfaces . 
 the real reason that there were so many cars in the parking lot despite the nastiness of the temperature and the impending weather was because of the change in cpc . 
 several of our older members would likely have sent along checks and stayed home in the face of the reality of the day 's weather were it not for the fact that chessie was not in charge for the first time in 23 years . 
 the title of cpc -lrb- and despite the appearance of overly glorified party planner , the cpc does have a lot of work and organization to do on the actual project itself -rrb- had been handed over to claire . 
 no one wanted to miss out on the first attempt of the new blood . 
 thus , the center room of scrap headquarters was crawling with people . 
 the main hall inside the club building is a large , open space that is conducive to multiple purposes . 
 it serves as everything from meeting room to christmas gift packing station to concert venue at various points in the year . 
 on the day in question , it was a banquet hall with over forty women milling about . 
 the table decorations had already received several approving nods from various long standing members . 
 later -lrb- when she was not busy rushing from point to point checking on final details -rrb- , claire would subject me to an in depth review of all of them while she sighed in pleasure over each and every one . 
 she had the silent auction items attractively displayed along one wall where the people perusing them would not interfere with traffic from the buffet table once it opened . 
 the vast majority of those expected had already arrived , but brunch is traditionally served at 11 so there might still have been a few straggling latecomers on their way . 
 thus , i was still trapped at the raffle ticket table in case anyone came in with more money to hand over . 
 claire had decorated the wall space next to my table with a ticket sales leader board . 
 i had noticed that despite her bustling she had managed to find her way over each time someone new had entered . 
 she stood back a little bit and watched the ladies gather around in fascination every time i moved the names and totals around . 
 i was not sure what she was smirking about . 
 i had not disagreed with her that it would be attention getting . 
 i had just disagreed that stirring up the already competitive nature of the raffle ticket sales was the best way to go . 
 claire is a fan of competitiveness . 
 her argument was that stirring up more competition was the point . 
 everyone knows that everyone else wants to know who sold how many tickets . 
 her theory was why not make it blatantly obvious ? 
 it was all for a good cause , and the more overt competition and lauding of the winner , the more everyone would be inclined to make more of an effort at sales . 
 she had a point since the one-up-man-ship had existed as long as the christmas project . 
 she was merely embracing and focusing it . 
 it was number one on her long cherished list of ideas for change once she was cpc . 
 no , i am not joking about that . 
 i have seen the list . 
 she has kept it since she was seventeen . 
 i just was not sure that more competition is what this particular group of women needed . 
 claire looked pointedly at me , then at the leader board , then at the chatting , staring women in front of the leader board . 
 apparently , she felt the need to rub in its popularity . 
 she disappeared through the swinging doors that led to the kitchen . 
 it must have been time to pull the next batch of cinnamon rolls out of the oven . 
 i had been keeping track in the back of my mind all morning because i was so used to that being my job on this day . 
 one of claire 's earliest decisions as cpc had been to decree that i be removed from my usual first saturday of december position of kitchen help . 
 i usually spent this part of the morning putting pans in and out of the oven and fixing trays to be ready to move to the buffet table . 
 claire usually spent the morning taking the raffle ticket money . 
 there was a possibility that claire was just tired of her usual position and wanted a switch . 
 there was a possibility that she had thought she would be too focused on last minute details to be tied down to the table . 
 i thought that it was probably a little bit of both of those combined with a big , hefty helping of claire wanting me to have to see the reaction to the leader board first hand . 
 she might have had other ulterior motives , but i will choose to let the benefit of the doubt stand -lrb- she is , after all , family -rrb- . 
 i sat smiling graciously as i fielded questions about whether i was certain i had tallied the totals correctly more times than i could count . 
 i double checked each time and sent each person off satisfied with my arithmetic . 
 i did my job quietly and good humoredly and counted the minutes until i could escape back to the kitchen . 
 i am very fond of the ladies of the ll -lrb- i grew up under their watchful gazes -rrb- , but there is something to be said for small doses . 
 that was mostly because i was an open target in my position at the raffle ticket table . 
 they do -lrb- as i believe i have previously mentioned to you -rrb- really like their gossip . 
 claire -lrb- who was recently married -rrb- was a hot topic of conversation . 
 she was also flying here , there , and everywhere putting finishing touches on things -lrb- or trying to look like she was -rrb- . 
 this made her a little difficult to pin down . 
 being a nonmobile , sitting target directed most of the attention in my direction . 
 i did not mind so much when the questions were focused on claire . 
 `` was n't it sad that the wedding was interrupted , but did n't claire carry it off beautifully ? '' 
 that was easy enough to answer -- claire and derek had managed wonderfully despite the difficult circumstances . 
 that was the most common of the questions about claire that were directed my way that morning . 
 i was prepared for it as claire 's wedding day had been a little more chaotic than a normal granville bay affair . 
 `` did claire enjoy her honeymoon ? '' 
 that was an easy answer again -- i simply commented that claire had told me that she had had a lovely time . 
 `` what is that new husband of claire 's doing today ? '' 
 i expected that one as well . 
 derek is not native to granville bay . 
 thus , he was still something of a curiosity among our social set . 
 innocuous sounding questions to the right person often get you far more information than the question itself encompasses -- several members of the ll know how to employ that tactic . 
 i am not the right person for them to employ it against . 
 i have been dealing with these ladies for far too long to fall for it . 
 i just told them that i was sure he was finding something to keep him busy . 
 in reality , derek was due back from a business trip that afternoon , but i did not find it necessary to share . 
 when derek is not with claire , he is working . 
 this is actually a step up from the state things were in right before the wedding when derek was working even when he was with claire , but that is a different story . 
 i could give flat answers to those questions without a second thought . 
 i might even have offered a few more details about claire 's honeymoon than i usually would have -lrb- i am really a very naturally circumspect person -rrb- because i was annoyed with her for sticking me out there in a vulnerable position so that she did not have to field those questions herself . 
 the reason -lrb- aside from the periodic blasts of cold air and being trapped with the raffle tickets when i really wanted to be dealing with baked goods -rrb- that i was becoming progressively annoyed enough to be considering serious retaliation toward claire was that the questions had slowly shifted from being about claire to being about myself . 
 i tried to count the seconds until the buffet opened -lrb- and i could reasonably escape -rrb- , but it was not helping the time to pass any more quickly . 
 mrs. adams had gotten things started . 
 `` were n't claire 's wedding flowers beautiful ? '' 
 a noncommittal `` hmm '' on my part had provided enough of an opening for her to follow up with something a little less subtle . 
 `` would n't you like to have something similar for your own wedding ? '' 
 she asked with a small knowing smile . 
 as cute as her pride at what she viewed as her sneaky change of topic was , i was tempted to time how long it would take for her face to fall if i told her my actual opinion of claire 's floral arrangements -lrb- which was that the pink and baby blue combination had looked atrocious and had not blended very successfully with my royal blue bridesmaid dress -rrb- . 
 i did not have an opportunity to reply in any way because mrs. adams had opened some sort of a flood gate -- it became open season on grilling ashley over her personal life . 
 `` the weather was just perfect for claire 's wedding in the fall , but wo n't it be safer if you choose spring for yourself ? '' 
 miss huff kept glancing over her shoulder as if she were afraid she might be overheard discussing state secrets as she asked . 
 i think she might actually have been checking to make sure that aunt chessie had heard her . 
 i have no illusions about the fact that my aunt enjoys stirring up this particular gossip topic . 
 the segment of questioning that could possibly be glossed over as benign curiosity ended with those first two inquiries . 
 mrs. adams and miss huff come down on the timid side for the ll , so it made sense that they avoided being more pointed . 
 some of the bolder members took over the conversation at that point , and the specific questions flowed in all of their abrasive , lack of subtlety glory . 
 `` what excuse have you got now that claire 's all settled ? '' 
 i even had a finger shaken in my face while alice kent demanded `` when are you telling that rawles boy what 's what ? '' 
 that is what it always comes back to when i am the topic of discussion for the ll -- aaron rawles . 
 aaron has been my best friend since we were kids , and the nature of our relationship has been making the gossip rounds in granville bay since we hit high school . 
 i am used to the ll asking me about aaron , and i have been fielding questions about when he and i are going to get married since somewhere around my nineteenth birthday . 
 the interest seems to go in cycles , but i really felt that it had picked up significantly ever since claire had announced her engagement the previous july . 
 i have developed quite the ability to gracefully sidestep over the course of the years , but you should try sidestepping something along the lines of `` if you do n't take that rawles boy well in hand , he 'll walk all over you for the rest of your life '' in any sort of a graceful manner when one is tied to a ticket table that seemed bereft , at that moment in time , of anyone arriving to hand in tickets and provide me with a plausible pretense of being too busy to converse . 
 it was not helping that chessie was making sure she stayed in the periphery of my vision so that i could see that she was laughing at the situation . 
 like i said , i have no illusions about her level of involvement . 
 i had lost track of what i was saying in reply to all of the questions . 
 that was a poor counter offensive plan -- i am well aware . 
 it is usually best to remain alert when dealing with the predators . 
 i was mostly making noncommittal little noises from the back of my throat while i smiled serenely at the questioners . 
 it is usually my best defense . 
 the ladies never seem to be quite sure what to make of that smile . 
 on most days , i find that amusing . 
 on that day , i was feeling a little trapped at the table -lrb- and a lot cold -rrb- and very annoyed with claire for putting me there in the first place . 
 it kind of detracted from the small sense of victory i usually derive from confusing the gossiping crowd . 
 i find it easier to maintain patience when i have a clear end point in mind , so i was trying to hang on to my mental tally of time until brunch was announced . 
 there would be nothing at that point to prevent me from heading to the kitchen -lrb- i will admit that hiding out might have been an appropriate description of what i had planned -rrb- to help keep trays refilled . 
 everyone would be too distracted by the food and later games to latch on to me again , and i would get over my annoyance and have a good laugh with aaron later over once again being the central topic of a gossip frenzy . 
 that was my plan . 
 i am fairly reasonable most of the time . 
 that did not stop me from taking advantage of adeline michaelson 's question about the hotel claire had stayed at on her honeymoon to tell the woman that i was sure that claire would be thrilled to tell her all about it and show her all the pictures . 
 claire was snickering at me as she rushed by to do something that probably did not even require her to walk by my table , and i gave in to the temptation to retaliate . 
 i love my cousin , but if she thought i was going to let her derive amusement from my situation without a response , then she had another thing coming . 
 mrs. michaelson was a perfect touch of retribution . 
 she would take my reassurance of claire 's willingness to cater to all her question asking as license to hound her for weeks . 
 she is a sweet woman , but she is harder to get rid of than a spaghetti sauce stain on a white blouse once she gets started . 
 sometimes , claire requires certain reminders -lrb- mostly that she is not the only one who can orchestrate uncomfortable situations -rrb- to keep her from getting out of hand . 
 i realize that to an outsider that probably sounds petty , but you do not know claire -lrb- or me or our aunt chessie for that matter -rrb- . 
 it would make more sense if you did . 
 pleased with my small check on claire 's attitude , i turned my mind to other matters . 
 i made a note to self to remember to warn aaron that we were in an `` on '' gossip cycle before church in the morning . 
 i could have sat back and let the back row ladies catch him off guard . 
 it might be humorous to watch him having to think on his feet , but it would also be mean . 
 aaron always warns me when they get to him first . 
 turnabout is fair play . 
 this was a massive `` on '' cycle for the gossip . 
 i had not seen it quite this bad since -lrb- despite the upswing in not so subtle hints since claire 's engagement was announced -rrb- aaron took lesley dowd out to dinner last valentine 's day . 
 that had created a positive frenzy for nearly three weeks . 
 several of the ll ladies even sent me sympathy cards that mentioned some grandsons and nephews who might help to cheer me up `` after the betrayal . '' 
 mrs. pyle had even gone so far as to invite me over for dinner where she waxed poetic about the `` heart scalds of youth '' and how one `` learned to move on with time . '' 
 i probably should have interrupted and corrected her , but there were three very good reasons why i did not . 
 first , there is the fact that long -lrb- and i am talking years here -rrb- experience has taught me that no one listens when i try that . 
 second , i have never seen anyone -lrb- and that includes aunt chessie who is the single most formidable woman i have ever encountered -rrb- get a word in edgewise once mrs. pyle has taken off in lecture mode . 
 third , i know mrs. pyle . 
 given that , it was so amusing hearing her preach about `` learning to never speak of the disappointments of the past '' that i spent most of the evening trying to keep from laughing at her . 
 that would have been impolite , and she was sincerely attempting to be helpful . 
 it is sweet of them , if you think about it . 
 they are just being loyal and looking out for me . 
 sweet does not , however , preclude something grating on your nerves . 
 aaron and i laughed over the valentine 's day reactions . 
 that was possibly unkind , but they all think they know things that they do not know , and you can not reason with them . 
 aaron had pouted a little bit over being relegated to the position of villain of the piece in all of my condolence notes when it was my suggestion that he take lesley out for the dinner in the first place , but he got over it . 
 mostly , i think it was because mrs. franklin stopped specifically requesting him when she called the department about her chronically missing cat . 
 it was her way of protesting his behavior . 
 aaron hates that cat with the kind of passion that can only be born of having been mauled by its claws on multiple occasions -- i have even lost count . 
 at that point , he mentioned that maybe being the bad guy had a few perks attached to the position . 
 in a purely academic exercise , we tried tracking once to see if we could figure out what set off the gossip chain in our direction , but we have never been able to find any common link . 
 i have my own suspicions about my great aunt 's culpability , but it is entirely possible that it is just a small town with a limited number of topics of conversation and aaron and i are a familiar one to revert to by now . 
 they have been discussing us since we were fifteen . 
 there are times that i think most of the gossip is just habit . 
 at long last , claire got everyone 's attention for a prayer so that the buffet could be officially opened . 
 i was released from my prison cell in gossip target central . 
 it may sound crazy , but i am telling you that i could actually breathe better knowing that i could move if necessary . 
 i took a few moments to take stock of how everything was progressing on my way to the kitchen . 
 the raffle ticket sales had been good , and i snuck a look at some of the papers being filled out at the silent auction table . 
 it looked like things were in good shape for this year 's gift purchases . 
 after a minor squabble between two none too fond of each other older members over prior claims to a particular table -lrb- their daughter and sister respectively interceded and moved them both to different places -rrb- , everyone was settled and ready to begin eating . 
 i was settled reloading trays in the kitchen . 
 claire , despite my personal dismay at my job for the morning , had done a lovely job with the set up and with the food . 
 i had helped her procure the supplies for the games , and i thought that they were well chosen . 
 they were different enough from the norm to please a set of women who had fallen into a rut with this particular day without making them feel like everything familiar had been abolished . 
 it is a tricky line to walk when you take over the responsibility for a long standing event , but claire had planned the transition quite well -lrb- in my opinion , and from the sound of things in the club 's opinion as well -rrb- . 
 social planning is claire 's forte . 
 she is insanely good at it . 
 it is , ironically , the one area where claire ever doubts her own decision making skills . 
 i could tell that she was nervous , but that is only because i have watched her reactions for so many years . 
 no one else would ever have guessed . 
 she was making the rounds of the room and delivering small talk from the buffet line to the silent auction table to the already seated with practiced ease . 
 she looked the perfect picture of graceful hostess , and i was happy for her . 
 claire had wanted this for a long time , and chessie had been a little unkind in the manner in which she had dangled the possibility of letting her have cpc status the last two or three years . 
 chessie 's constant deflecting with comments about claire 's history `` of fits of temper '' was hardly fair -lrb- in this particular instance -rrb- . 
 claire had once , at the tender age of seventeen , told one of the older women to `` go stick her harpy nose in someone else 's business '' when the woman had been interrogating her about her plans for the next spring 's prom . 
 the incident held its place in club history right next to the pastry chucking incident of 1927 . 
 she had kept her temper carefully in check in front of the ll after that -lrb- most of the time anyway -rrb- , but chessie never failed to mention it whenever claire brought up cpc . 
 it was not as though chessie had an emotional attachment to the job . 
 she did it because it had to be done , and the actual christmas gift purchase and distribution subset of the project had been shoved off on claire and me since we were both still teenagers . 
 it was not as though that fact was a secret either . 
 the whole club knew it . 
 personally , i think chessie just liked watching claire squirm and jump through hoops in her attempts to convince chessie that she was responsible enough to be trusted with the title . 
 she would have -lrb- again in my opinion -rrb- given it up sooner if claire did not make it so obvious that she was willing to do whatever chessie told her to get it . 
 my family has ... quirks . 
 we freely admit it . 
 chessie , however , had finally caved -lrb- although she had never specified why -rrb- , claire was doing beautifully , everything was working out , and it looked like everyone was going to go home happy -lrb- possibilities of nasty weather descending at any moment aside -rrb- . 
 i think that all of us know that those are famous last thoughts . 
 i really should have known better than to be thinking them . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i was placing a new tray of muffins on the buffet table when i first caught one of the leading comments being made to claire . 
 it was alice kent who was doing the asking . 
 although , technically , what she was doing was not really asking . 
 it was more of a comment that she was `` so looking forward to seeing the auction piece '' sandwiched between a compliment on the color scheme and a request for where claire had found the flowers for the center pieces . 
 claire seemed to be so focused on her mingling that she did not catch on to the implication . 
 it seemed that the natives were getting restless . 
 i wondered how many more subtle comments would fly over claire 's head before they broke through the haze of her make everything go smoothly focus . 
 i knew that claire had not planned on bringing out the sapphire earrings until it was time for the actual auction , but i had never thought that she would really get away with that . 
 aunt chessie had always pulled out the item for the auction in the midst of brunch ; i figured enough of the ladies would pester claire that she would eventually just go ahead and bring it out earlier than she had planned . 
 granted , there was always the chance that the subtle suggestions would set off claire 's stubborn streak , but i thought she was too dedicated to being a success at the job to let that happen . 
 the next tray of cinnamon rolls i placed on the table brought me out at the right time to see claire excusing herself from a conversation with amy whitmore and her granddaughter kelly and heading for the cpc office . 
 office may be a bit of a grandiose term for what the room actually is . 
 two sides of the main hall of the scrap building are lined with storage rooms . 
 each charity project has its own space , and claire refers to the christmas project storage room as her `` office . '' 
 i humor her because the room does actually have a desk and desk chair . 
 most of the time , the desk is used to hold rolls of wrapping paper , but it is a desk . 
 plus , it makes claire happy to think that she has official office space . 
 the sapphire earrings were in my bag currently residing on the desk in claire 's office , so i figured that claire had been worn down enough to go retrieve them to put them on display . 
 i just hoped she would not make a mess while she was getting them out of my bag . 
 claire has a nasty habit of dumping my bag out on the nearest available surface any time she is looking for something . 
 she complains that it is the only way to find something . 
 she does not understand that everything in my bag is carefully organized . 
 she just calls it cluttered with useless junk . 
 claire , as you may have gathered , has no sense of being prepared . 
 that was why the earrings were in my bag -- the box would not fit in the little clutch bag that she had brought with her . 
 making a note to go and fix the mess she was sure to have made of my stuff later -lrb- she would be unbearable in her commentary if i could not find my keys when it was time to leave even if she was the one who had moved them from their proper place -rrb- , i headed back to the kitchen and started washing up some of the empty serving trays . 
 i was keeping an ear open for an attention getting announcement from claire followed by `` oohing '' and `` ahhing , '' but none of the aforementioned came . 
 i got distracted from paying attention by the mess needing to be tackled in the kitchen and was continuing working on it undisturbed until the swinging doors flew open so hard that one of them hit the cabinets with a bang . 
 i confess that i jumped -lrb- it was rather unexpected -rrb- . 
 claire was standing in the doorway . 
 she had her graceful hostess face still in place , but it faded quickly as the doors swung back and forth violently behind her . 
 she looked desperate . 
 i opened my mouth to ask what had happened , but she had crossed the room and grabbed me by the arm before i got the words out . 
 she began tugging me toward the still slightly swinging doors , and her grip on my forearm was actually a little painful as she was squeezing and sinking in her nails . 
 something was very wrong . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 i managed to protest while attempting to remove my arm from claire 's death grip . 
 some instinctive response to her demeanor kept the volume of my voice down despite my surprise . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 `` act natural , '' claire demanded without lessening the pressure on my arm , `` and just follow me . '' 
 i bit back a retort about the unnaturalness of claire clutching my arm as if it were a life line in the middle of an ll meeting . 
 it was not exactly lacking in obviousness . 
 i knew claire 's voice well enough to know that something had gone very wrong and that she was just shy of panic . 
 it would have been a pointless comment to make anyway as claire dropped my arm as soon as we hit the swinging doors that led out of the kitchen into the main hall . 
 it was like those doors were some sort of invisible boundary line for claire to compartmentalize her emotions . 
 i noted that she had her perfect hostess air firmly in place before she cleared them . 
 i did my best to mimic my cousin 's `` everything is perfectly fine '' posture and exchanged small nods and the occasional comment as she led me through the throng still hovering around the buffet table and to the christmas project storage room . 
 i was confused , and claire 's obvious -lrb- to me , if not to anyone else -rrb- just shy of exploding state was making me incredibly nervous . 
 once the door of the cp storage room was closed safely behind us , claire shoved a velvet jewelry box into my hands . 
 i recognized it as the box for the sapphire earrings for the auction . 
 i had no idea what it was she was expecting me to do . 
 i had had a brief thought during our progress through the main hall that she was perhaps hauling me in to the office to yell at me because she could not locate the box in my bag , but she had obviously found it . 
 i looked at her in sheer confusion for several moments before claire threw up her hands and yanked it back . 
 maybe i was being a little slow , but she was not exactly providing me with a lot of information there . 
 besides , my arm hurt from where she had towed me through the kitchen . 
 i would find out later that she actually left finger print bruises . 
 she opened the lid and placed it back in my hands . 
 `` it 's empty , '' i told her looking at the grey lining . 
 i was actually saying it more as an observation to myself , so i probably should have kept those words inside my head . 
 claire rolled her eyes and clucked her tongue at me . 
 `` thanks for that ; i had n't noticed . '' 
 she snapped at me making another grab for the box . 
 i pulled it back from her reaching fingers . 
 i blinked twice before saying slowly `` is this the earring box ? '' 
 i just wanted to be sure that i had grasped what was going on ; she still had not actually volunteered any information . 
 i think she has her days where she expects me to read her mind . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 claire hissed at me as her response . 
 clearly , i was going to have to coax every bit of information out of her . 
 she certainly did not seem to be inclined to just spit it out on her own . 
 `` but the earrings are n't in it ? '' 
 i clarified . 
 claire just huffed . 
 `` why are they not in it ? '' 
 i tried . 
 you would think she would take the hint and just give me details already , but i have learned over the years that she and i simply do not have brains that function on similar lines . 
 claire continued her hissing whisper as if afraid that the sound of her voice might carry over the sounds of the between forty and fifty chatting women in the other room . 
 `` if i knew that , then i would n't have brought you in here now would i ? '' 
 `` are you sure they were in the box when you left the house this morning ? '' 
 i tried again . 
 who does not misplace something and automatically back track where they might have left it ? 
 i really should not have to walk her through things like that , but the fact that she does not seem to process things that way is likely why she had come to fetch me in the first place . 
 `` not this again , '' claire complained . 
 `` you always blame me . 
 you always think i misplace things , and you 're always wrong . '' 
 she insisted . 
 i thought that assertion on her part was a little unfair as such a situation had only occurred on one previous occasion . 
 that had been on claire 's wedding day , and that did not really count for a variety of reasons up to and including the fact that claire did not and never would know what exactly had gone on on that occasion . 
 i generally do not comment to claire about her misplacement of items . 
 i just find them , and we all move on with our lives . 
 mentioning that was not going to help matters any , so i bit my tongue and tried to think of a plan . 
 a sudden thought struck me , and i am sure i went visibly paler . 
 i do not think that claire noticed as she was so busy feeling put upon and defensive -- she , at least , did not comment on my change in color . 
 claire 's self-focus is very useful at times . 
 `` so , '' i made an effort at summarizing . 
 just because i had an idea of what might have happened did not mean that i should not cover all of my bases with claire . 
 the easiest answers are often the accurate ones . 
 `` you had them in the case , you 're sure ? '' 
 claire merely glared . 
 i felt that was a little unreasonable as she had been the one to seek out my assistance , but that was pretty much par for the course for my cousin . 
 `` fine , '' i relented on waiting for a verbal response . 
 i plodded onward with my fact checking . 
 `` the earrings were in the case when the box went in my bag . 
 you got it out of my bag . 
 the box was there , but the earrings were gone ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 well , at least we had progressed from glaring to agitated verbal responses . 
 that might have been a step in the right direction . 
 you can never be completely sure when it comes to claire . 
 `` okay , '' i told her making a placating gesture with my hands . 
 the last thing that i needed was for her to lose her temper and start yelling . 
 i did not think she would do that with the bulk of the ll on the other side of the door , but i was not taking any chances . 
 sadly , i thought i knew exactly where those earrings were , and i was not looking forward to all of the potential pitfalls i was going to have to avoid as i got them back . 
 this was a delicate situation that could blow up in several people 's faces . 
 the most important thing at the moment was to keep claire quiet . 
 `` we have plenty of time , '' i did my best to sound reassuring . 
 that does not always work with claire , but it could not hurt . 
 `` there is no reason to panic . 
 i 've got this covered . '' 
 i checked ; claire did not look reassured . 
 i decided to skip over reassuring for the moment and issue directions instead . 
 `` really , claire , everything is fine . 
 you 're doing a great job with the party . 
 go and keep doing that , and i will handle this . '' 
 `` what do you mean you will handle this ? '' 
 claire narrowed her eyes suspiciously . 
 that was just what the situation needed -- claire getting territorially paranoid . 
 `` this is my event . '' 
 `` you did come and fetch me , you know ? '' 
 i reminded her suffering a serious slip in my patience . 
 i was short of time to coddle her . 
 `` let me handle it . 
 just do n't say anything to anybody out there . 
 claire , i mean it . 
 do n't . '' 
 i used my serious tone . 
 that usually works when she wants something from me , and i am telling her to get out of my way so i can get whatever it is she wants completed . 
 claire nodded , so i figured that we were back to established protocols . 
 that did not mean she would stay satisfied for long , so i moved quickly out the door . 
 if i had moved a little slower , i would have heard her make her phone call . 
 as it was , i missed the fact that she had decided to call in reinforcements . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i had thought that i was annoyed by the prying questions i had been answering earlier , but it was nothing compared to how i was feeling as i tried to make my way beyond the buffet line -lrb- now comprised of those going back for thirds , never underestimate the collective sweet tooth of a crowd -rrb- to get to the person that i needed to see . 
 i could not get two steps from one conversation before i was drawn in to another . 
 if only i could have managed to extract myself from the conversation with ms. powell as easily as i had gotten away from mrs. matheson . 
 it did not seem to be working as the woman was simply not taking a hint . 
 i needed to find a way to pull kelly to somewhere out of the way and get a plan of action before claire developed an aneurism and without anyone noticing that anything was amiss . 
 i remember thinking that mrs. whitmore would have to have one of her spells on that day of all days . 
 that was not a charitable thought , but i could not help it . 
 as long as claire did not start broadcasting that there was a problem , everything would be all right . 
 the quicker i got to kelly , the less time claire would have to decide that she was not going to follow my directions . 
 i had finally extricated myself from ms. powell -lrb- only to be stopped by alice kent -rrb- when a twitter broke out among the ladies that had me turning my head toward the door . 
 everything got wiped momentarily from my brain to be replaced with one thought . 
 `` what is aaron doing here ? '' 
 i think i actually said the words out loud . 
 no one noticed if i did because similar comments were being whispered all over the room . 
 the entire room had fallen silent after the initial whispering questions as they gazed at the intruder in their midst -lrb- men did not come to regular meetings of the ll , ever -rrb- . 
 aaron looked so decidedly uncomfortable with his status as center of attention that it broke my brain out of its stuck on one thought brokenness . 
 i might have been tempted to snicker if i had not caught sight of the pleased expression on claire 's face and been assaulted with the knowledge that his presence here was claire 's doing . 
 i had narrowed my eyes and was taking a step in claire 's direction when claire broke the tension of the moment for everyone . 
 `` oh , aaron , '' she told him sweetly -lrb- too sweetly , she only uses that syrupy tone when she is up to something -rrb- . 
 `` it was awfully nice of you to check up on us . 
 has the weather turned ? '' 
 `` um , no , '' he responded confused before seeming to catch a clue . 
 it would have been funny if i was not so agitated at claire for bringing him here . 
 `` that is , it has n't yet . 
 i just thought i would make sure you ladies were aware of what 's coming and remind you not to linger too long this afternoon . '' 
 he covered . 
 i did not think it was very convincing , but i could hear several of the older ladies cooing over his concern . 
 either aaron is a better liar than i think he is -lrb- which is possible because i know him so well that i always catch him at it -rrb- , or those ladies are very easily convinced . 
 `` is n't deputy rawles so thoughtful to look after us ? '' 
 claire said to the room at large . 
 `` we 've all heard the forecast , aaron , '' she said . 
 `` but while you 're here , perhaps you could talk with ashley and me for a moment about the shopping plans ? '' 
 she then gestured with her head toward the kitchen , and aaron and i both followed her there . 
 as it is common knowledge that `` the rawles boy '' has accompanied chessie prescott 's nieces on the annual shopping trip to pick up the christmas project presents as part pack horse part consultant on gifts for teenage boys since all three of us were still teenagers ourselves , most of the ladies let it pass and returned to their meals and conversations -lrb- several of which i found out later turned to a discussion of how stuck on me that rawles boy must still be if he was so concerned about me driving in the coming weather -rrb- . 
 in the kitchen , our conversation was not so pleasant -lrb- although it was held in carefully controlled voices to prevent anyone in the next room from overhearing -rrb- . 
 `` did she call you ? '' 
 i demanded of aaron even though i already knew the answer as soon as the swinging doors had ceased their swinging . 
 i did not give him an opportunity to reply before i was turning to claire . 
 `` i ca n't believe you called him ! 
 claire , i told you not to tell anyone . '' 
 she had not even given me a chance before she had gone in her own direction . 
 i was vastly displeased with her which was maybe not entirely fair given her lack of knowledge , but she used to trust me to handle any crisis that came our way . 
 it has really never been the same since the wedding . 
 that was my own doing , but i ca n't say that i would not do it again . 
 `` you told me not to tell anyone here , '' claire replied with a satisfied smirk . 
 she always has a reason -- no matter how nonsensical it may be . 
 `` i also told you i would handle it . '' 
 i reminded her with a little bit of hurt creeping into my tone . 
 `` do n't be silly , ashley , '' claire dismissed my assertion . 
 `` this is obviously a crime scene , and aaron investigates crimes . 
 who else was i going to call ? 
 you get aaron whatever he needs , i will keep the guests entertained , and no one will ever need to know how close to being a fiasco this whole situation was . '' 
 she marched out into the main hall after her decree -lrb- and make no mistake about it , it was a decree -rrb- leaving the two of us staring at each other . 
 `` at least you had enough sense not to come in your uniform , '' i remember muttering . 
 `` why does she always have to make everything so difficult ? '' 
 aaron looked upset . 
 `` be glad she called me personally and not the station , '' he retorted . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're playing at this time , ashley , but you ca n't ... , '' i cut him off harshly . 
 `` you think i had something to do with this ? '' 
 i am sure i looked affronted . 
 `` well , you seem to have a nasty habit of making an attempt at fixing things in inappropriate ways , '' he responded . 
 i may have earned that comment , but i am certain that i still looked downright disappointed in him as i answered his accusation . 
 `` this is a charity project , aaron , '' i reminded him . 
 `` one i happen to care deeply about that is also important to claire . 
 being cpc is the social aspiration of her life . 
 you really think i would mess with that ? '' 
 aaron looked apologetic as i finished . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just had to check . 
 you have to admit that after last time ... , '' he seemed to think better of finishing that statement . 
 between him and claire , that day was quite the day for rehashing hurt feelings . 
 aaron , however , did not have the same excuse as claire . 
 he actually knew exactly what had happened at the wedding . 
 `` fine , whatever , '' i could tell i still looked disappointed , but i was mostly feeling ticked off about the whole thing . 
 `` i thought we were over this , but you obviously still think i 'm untrustworthy . '' 
 i stopped talking and rolled my eyes . 
 i did not have time to go through it all with him again . 
 `` just go home , aaron . 
 i 've got this covered . '' 
 `` so , you do know something , '' he said . 
 `` not like how you 're thinking , '' i sighed . 
 i was going to have to give him something to get him out of the way . 
 `` this is a misunderstanding that could get several people hurt if it is n't handled carefully . '' 
 `` are you going to explain that to me ? '' 
 i really did not think that i should have to do that . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's not good enough , ash . 
 claire was having a melt down on the phone about those earrings being stolen . 
 if you know who took them , you ca n't cover for them , no matter what your reasons are . '' 
 i was trying really hard not to get angry with him because i could not expect him to understand without all of the facts . 
 aaron had his determined look about him . 
 i was going to have to placate him . 
 if i did not , he was going to do something that would cause an even bigger breach of confidence . 
 `` it 's not her fault , '' i insisted probably making no sense to aaron whatsoever . 
 i was still stalling hoping that aaron would somehow realize that i had everything under control and back off so i could get around to handling the situation . 
 `` she ca n't help it . '' 
 `` who ca n't help what ? '' 
 yeah , stalling was not working -lrb- in case you had not caught that -rrb- . 
 i ignored the question and turned to leave the room . 
 i figured the shock might work in my favor . 
 aaron stopped me with a hand on my shoulder . 
 clearly , none of my ideas were working . 
 `` no way , '' he informed me in a commanding tone of voice . 
 `` you are not going out there . '' 
 `` aaron , '' i am sure my annoyance was clear in my voice . 
 i was not really impressed with his tone of command display . 
 i was rapidly leaving mere irritation in the dust . 
 `` i have to fix this before claire does something else stupid . '' 
 `` asking for my help is stupid ? '' 
 the general sense of irritation in the room was growing . 
 he can be so sensitive sometimes . 
 `` do you have to be this difficult ? '' 
 i inquired rolling my eyes in a manner that aaron knows that i know grates on his nerves . 
 yeah , picking at each other was not going to be helpful to the situation , but i was not really in the mood to be all adult and logical about it . 
 `` when you are the one being difficult to start with , yes , '' he retorted before thinking . 
 yep , he was not exactly helping the escalation either . 
 my eyes drifted closed as i took a deep breath . 
 it was de-escalation time . 
 `` would you just let me ... , '' i began speaking in as calm of a voice as i could muster . 
 `` no , '' he insisted . 
 `` aaron , time is kind of important right now , '' i attempted to remind him . 
 `` that being the case , i suggest you start talking . '' 
 he tried to soften his insistence with a smile . 
 i glanced at the door considering the odds of successfully making a break for it . 
 i looked at him consideringly for a moment while i pondered whether he would follow me if i did . 
 i concluded that he would . 
 he was in that kind of a mood , and he did not understand what a scene in front of the ll would cause . 
 `` amy whitmore , '' i gave in dropping my voice even lower than the already low volume we had both been employing even when we were agitated with each other . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he questioned clearly thinking he had not heard me correctly . 
 `` mrs. whitmore , kelly 's grandmother ? '' 
 i prompted as if he were being slow on the uptake on purpose . 
 he knew mrs. whitmore perfectly well . 
 he stared at me with a look of disbelief as if waiting for me to make the connection between the name and our previous line of conversation . 
 i did not oblige him . 
 i was not really in an obliging sort of mood . 
 `` are you trying to tell me that mrs. whitmore , cookie baking , winter hat knitting , harmless little old lady mrs. whitmore moonlights as a jewel thief ? '' 
 he attempted to clarify -lrb- rather incredulously -rrb- . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , aaron . '' 
 i brushed off his attempt at clarification -lrb- which , ultimately , rather defeated the purpose of clarification -rrb- . 
 `` you 're making no sense , '' he told me with an expectant look that was an attempt to drive the point that i needed to elaborate further home . 
 `` it is n't her fault , '' i insisted again . 
 `` she 's a kleptomaniac , aaron . '' 
 i finally explained -lrb- somehow managing to be heard despite lowering my voice even further -rrb- . 
 it hurt my heart to say it . 
 i had promised kelly that i would not let it get around . 
 `` that 's not possible , '' aaron said shaking his head as if trying to figure out what would possibly prompt me to make such an assertion . 
 `` i would already know that . 
 the whole town would know if that were true . '' 
 `` they would if the wrong people knew it . '' 
 i agreed . 
 he had to know that i was serious . 
 i was actually telling him that a woman of advanced years that he had known all his life , that had resided in this town all her life , had some sort of closely guarded secret mental condition that nobody had ever suspected -- except , apparently , for me . 
 i would grant him that it was a lot to take in , but he needed to stop looking at me with that somewhat blank , disbelieving expression . 
 `` and you just happen to know this how ? '' 
 he asked me sounding suspicious . 
 it is likely that he did not actually intend for the words to sound suspicious when he said them . 
 things just sort of fall out of his mouth that way -- i think it is an occupational hazard . 
 `` kelly needed my help at the garden party last spring , '' i told him . 
 every word was making me cringe , and i am sure that the face that i was making made me look as if every word was causing me pain . 
 `` look , '' i made a herculean effort to stay patient as i explained . 
 `` there 's a reason that she 's the one who chauffeurs mrs. whitmore around all the time even though there 's other family that could be helping out . 
 kelly keeps an eye on her . 
 she returns things before anyone notices if something happens -- which does n't happen often , but it does happen . 
 darcy does n't know . '' 
 `` that explains why it is n't common knowledge , '' aaron observed apparently accepting that what i was telling him -lrb- as difficult as it was for him to wrap his head around it , i could tell by the way his eyes kept tracking to the side of my head as if he were staring at something written out there -- it is one of his quirks -rrb- was indeed the truth . 
 `` that woman ca n't be trusted to keep a secret to save her life . '' 
 `` and you would know that how ? '' 
 i inquired quirking my eyebrow in an almost accusing manner . 
 that was a story that i had not heard before . 
 `` never you mind that , '' he answered me with a grin . 
 `` umhmm , '' i remarked noncommittally . 
 normally , i would have liked to pursue whatever story was lurking behind those words . 
 unfortunately , aaron was not feeling any compulsion to share . 
 i really did not have time to listen even if he was . 
 we certainly do not need to share everything that happens in our lives . 
 if i could keep secrets about things like mrs. whitmore , then he could keep secrets about why he knew darcy whitmore could not keep her mouth shut . 
 `` look , '' aaron orchestrated a change of subject -lrb- that was probably unnecessary as i was not in a position to pry at the moment , but he did it anyway -rrb- . 
 `` let 's say that your theory is , in fact , exactly what happened today . 
 why are you trying to be all super spy about it ? '' 
 `` did you not just hear me tell you that no one knows ? '' 
 i paused before adding . 
 `` well , except for an overly nosey police officer . '' 
 `` i 'll ignore that dig , '' he responded . 
 `` let 's say that you get the earrings back from her without anyone noticing a confrontation . 
 do n't you think claire is going to ask questions ? '' 
 `` claire will be so pleased that her day has n't been ruined that it will be easy to redirect her , '' i brushed off his question with a wave of my hand . 
 `` because whatever you told her in the first place worked so well on her , '' he muttered just loudly enough for me to hear . 
 i looked at him startled , and he decided to elaborate . 
 `` clearly , you did n't intend for me to be here . 
 yet , here i am . 
 so , whatever you told claire that you thought was going to work obviously did n't work in the way that you wanted it to work . '' 
 i blinked as i took in the overly complicated sentence . 
 his voice shifted in tone from explanation to curiosity . 
 `` what did you tell her ? '' 
 `` i told her that i would take care of it , '' i answered with a little bit of my exasperation coming through in my tone . 
 `` and you expected that to work ? '' 
 he sounded shocked by my lack of foresight . 
 `` on claire ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's always worked before , '' i told him with a small shrug of my shoulders . 
 `` run into this situation often , do you ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 the look on his face seemingly echoed the one i had felt on my face when he had mentioned darcy whitmore 's lack of discretion . 
 he was wondering what stories he might have missed out on over the years . 
 `` not this situation per se , '' i told him , `` just , you know , when something needs doing and she shoves it off on me . '' 
 i caught sight of a change in the expression on his face . 
 `` seriously , are you pouting ? 
 because i do n't give you daily status reports on dealing with claire ? '' 
 `` i just thought ... , '' i did not let him finish . 
 it was not the time for us to have a heart to heart . 
 `` when i tell her i 'll handle something , i mean i 'll handle it , '' i attempted to explain quickly . 
 `` as a general rule , she does n't ask me any questions . 
 she just goes with it . 
 she 's never cared much how i got something done as long as i got it done . 
 she is usually fairly predictable like that . '' 
 `` you talk like she 's one of your students . '' 
 he observed . 
 i could not tell whether he was being reflective or disapproving . 
 it did not matter . 
 that was the way things were -lrb- the way they still are -rrb- . 
 the student comparison , sadly , probably was an accurate depiction of claire 's behavior and my response to it . 
 all things not directly related to claire tend to be shoved off into the land of the not important on the woman 's radar . 
 `` can we not do this now ? '' 
 i attempted to head off a potential derail from focusing on the situation at hand -lrb- not that we had not already derailed -rrb- . 
 `` there 's really not time for it . '' 
 `` fine , '' he agreed . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 `` we do not have a plan , '' i told him very calmly flicking my hand between the two of us before pointing at myself for emphasis . 
 `` i will handle it . '' 
 `` you 're being very territorial , '' he made an exaggerated display of mimicking my pointing . 
 `` do you know that ? '' 
 `` look , if i was n't in such a hurry here , i would n't have explained any of this to you . '' 
 i chided him . 
 `` do n't push me . '' 
 `` that hurts , ashley , '' despite the pretense of teasing there was an undercurrent of hurt feelings in aaron 's voice as he spoke . 
 `` you 're supposed to trust your best friend . '' 
 `` this has nothing to do with trusting my best friend , '' i responded to that half hidden tone of his with a gentle one of my own . 
 for the first time , it really hit home how much the events of claire 's wedding day and my leaving him out of it was influencing the dynamics of our friendship . 
 `` it has everything to do with the fact that this was n't my secret to tell in the first place . '' 
 `` okay , i get that , '' aaron conceded . 
 i could tell that he meant it from the way that the expression on his face brightened as he spoke the words . 
 `` i 'm sorry you feel like you got backed into a corner here , but you know good and well that i 'm not darcy whitmore . 
 what you told me is n't going anywhere . '' 
 i smiled slightly because he was right , but it still had not been my information to give . 
 he continued . 
 `` i 'll just hang out in here until you 've got everything squared away . '' 
 he cut off any potential objections before i could make them . 
 `` who knows what claire would do if she saw me leave ? '' 
 `` that 's fair enough , '' i agreed with a nod . 
 i decided to give him something to keep him busy . 
 `` there are more cinnamon rolls on the counter . '' 
 i indicated the direction with a tilt of my head . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 he asked as his eyes flicked over the extra trays . 
 he folded his arms across his chest and gave me one of his best accusing looks -lrb- i call it his bad cop stance -rrb- . 
 `` how come i do n't get a regular invitation to this shindig ? 
 i 'm the one who does all the heavy lifting for this project . '' 
 `` do you really want to spend all morning as the only man in the central gossip spigot for the town ? '' 
 my crossed arms mirrored his posture . 
 `` point taken , '' he conceded before looking thoughtful . 
 `` although , i might be willing to suffer through it for the cinnamon rolls . '' 
 i exited the kitchen muttering something that he should not quite have been able to make out . 
 he might have caught the words `` childish '' and `` act like i never make them '' because they were slightly louder than the rest -lrb- mostly because i was huffing on those words -rrb- . 
 i doubt that he even waited for the doors to close behind me before he helped himself to one of the cinnamon rolls that i had directed his attention toward . 
 he would suspect that i did that to make sure he would not follow me , but he would not bother to make himself care . 
 i know aaron and his affinity for my family 's cinnamon roll recipe . 
 the womenfolk in my family do not share our cinnamon roll recipe with anyone . 
 that does mean anyone -- even life-long friends . 
 there are a collection of matrons in town who have been trying to talk us out of it for years . 
 it was probably a poor reflection on my mental state that i was tempted to snort out loud at the thought that we keep better track of that recipe than we do of jewelry . 
 claire and i even had the ones with the caramel icing today . 
 those are aaron 's favorite . 
 we have not had any reason to make them for a few months . 
 chessie always says the cinnamon rolls are for special occasions only or people would get tired of them . 
 aaron always replies that he would be willing to take his chances on the novelty wearing off after a few years . 
 whenever he tries to bring me into the argument , chessie tells him to arrange to be part of the family officially and they will talk . 
 that usually shuts him up , but i digress . 
 the point is that aaron would be happily working himself into a sugar coma , so there would be zero chance of him trying to involve himself in my conversation with kelly . 
 before i could have that conversation , i had to actually get to kelly . 
 it felt like an agonizingly slow process to me at the time , but the reality is that i probably made it across the room in an amount of time that was some sort of a club record -lrb- if we kept records of that sort of a thing , which we do not -rrb- . 
 i fended off alice kent -lrb- who seemed to be popping up everywhere i turned that morning -rrb- and her questions about claire 's choice of coffee -lrb- really ? -rrb- 
 and finally arrived at the table where kelly was seated next to her grandmother . 
 `` hi , mrs. whitmore , '' i greeted the older woman as i rested my hand on the back of kelly 's chair . 
 `` did you find the chocolate chip muffins ? '' 
 she looked pleased that i remembered her preference , and she assured me that she had . 
 `` could i borrow kelly for a minute ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 i turned to face my friend . 
 `` i 'm having a wardrobe issue , and i was hoping that you might have a safety pin or two . '' 
 she stayed outwardly calm -- a small trace of alarm behind her eyes that quickly vanished being the only sign that she understood what i had said to mean more than what it sounded like to the others sharing the table . 
 i was glad that we had agreed to the code back when i had been inducted into whitmore family secret keeper status . 
 `` i do n't know that i have anything with me , '' kelly said slowly . 
 `` i think gram does though . '' 
 `` i do what dear ? '' 
 mrs. whitmore asked looking up from the chocolate chip muffin she was buttering . 
 i , personally , would never put butter on a chocolate chip muffin , but that really is not relevant . 
 `` have some safety pins in your purse , '' kelly clarified . 
 `` let 's go see if we can help ashley with her clothing issues before she has to leave early , '' she added . 
 mrs. whitmore did not protest . 
 she generally does not when kelly asks her for something . 
 the three of us adjourned to the bathroom -- kelly having made sure to grab mrs. whitmore 's purse as we went . 
 it was flawlessly executed , and i remember thinking that the day would soon be back on track . 
 then , i would be able to relax and only worry about the weather . 
 the next seven minutes failed to go as i expected . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` she did n't take it , '' i announced breathlessly in a tone that probably should have been panicked . 
 instead , it only sounded confused -- as if i could not quite believe what i was saying -lrb- which i could not -rrb- . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the word seemed to present itself from force of habit . 
 he did not look prepared for any conversation -lrb- let alone one that required thought -rrb- . 
 aaron was too lost in the yumminess of baked good sugar to immediately comprehend the implications of my sentence . 
 if i had to guess , he was on his third cinnamon roll . 
 that is not as arbitrary of a guess as it initially sounds . 
 he has a habit of getting a napkin and wiping his fingers off after each one as if he is finished even when we all know he is going to keep eating them until someone takes them away . 
 there were two crumpled napkins littering the counter -- therefore , it was likely cinnamon roll number three that he was finishing . 
 that is a lot of sugar to process , and aaron 's brain always seems to turn sluggish on sugar . 
 it was not the time for mental sluggishness . 
 `` mrs. whitmore , aaron , she did n't take them ! '' 
 i know i sounded agitated by his inability to keep up with my information relaying . 
 i did , however , still remember to keep my voice down . 
 `` i 'm not following you , '' he blinked at me . 
 it was not really his fault . 
 he had just been interrupted in the middle of doing his best to put himself into a sugar coma . 
 `` i went to talk to kelly , '' i explained slowly . 
 i was not sure whether that was more for his benefit or my own . 
 i was running my words through a sort of mental checklist to see if i had missed anything . 
 `` we went through mrs. whitmore 's purse . 
 there was nothing in there that should n't have been . 
 kelly took her to the bathroom and practically frisked her . 
 she does n't have the earrings . 
 she did n't take them . '' 
 i leaned against the counter and buried my head in my hands . 
 `` i just went after that poor woman with no evidence . 
 i just humiliated kelly for no apparent reason . '' 
 `` calm down , '' aaron tried to sound reassuring . 
 `` i 'm sure kelly is just relieved that there 's nothing for her to handle , and i 'm equally sure that she 's grateful that you went to her instead of broadcasting her family situation to the room as a whole . '' 
 i could hear the movement as he started to raise a hand to my shoulder . 
 he probably took a look at his caramel icing covered fingers and thought better of that course of action . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he settled for asking instead . 
 i did not offer a response to his prompting . 
 i heard the rustling paper sound as he found a napkin and began rapidly wiping at his fingers . 
 he looked like he was preparing to shake me out of the stupor that i seemed to have fallen into when i looked up from between my fingers . 
 `` okay , '' i slowly repeated his earlier prompt as i took a deep breath , dropped my hands from my face , and looked up at him . 
 i did not sound quite as sure as i would have liked -lrb- and judging from his expression , not as sure as he would have liked either -rrb- . 
 `` so , '' aaron asked me with a smile that i knew meant that he was up to something . 
 `` just so we are clear on what happened here -- you were wrong ? '' 
 `` do n't look at me like that , aaron . '' 
 i scolded . 
 he was not going to buy the scolding part ; i could feel a little bit of amusement creeping into my expression over the concern . 
 i knew what he had been smiling like that for then . 
 i might have known that aaron would find a way to take time out of a crisis to indulge his favorite hobby of picking at my composure -lrb- or teasing me back into it -rrb- . 
 `` i 'm not jane marple , '' i reminded him . 
 `` i ca n't know everything all of the time . '' 
 `` i should hope not , '' he teased me as he knocked my shoulder gently with his own . 
 i knocked his shoulder back with my own with just a little more force . 
 that was more like it . 
 i was snapping out of it . 
 we would be able to get back to the matter at hand . 
 he is almost as good at knowing me as i am at knowing him . 
 `` dead bodies pop up every time that woman takes a step out of her front door . 
 they follow that woman around like gnats going after a glass of sweet tea on a picnic table . 
 it 's downright suspicious if you ask me . 
 then , they all just take her word for it when she tells them that someone else is the guilty party . 
 it 's quite a racket she 's got going with that sweet little old lady routine of hers . 
 nobody ever bothers to check out the ... , '' he continued . 
 `` are you smirking at me ? '' 
 i inquired as i placed a hand on his arm in an attempt at getting him to stop his rant . 
 `` it 's just a refreshing change of pace for me is all . '' 
 he told me with a shrug of his shoulders . 
 `` i 'm enjoying it and basking in the moment . 
 you are n't wrong all that often as you happen to make a habit of telling me yourself . 
 when you are , you do n't generally make a habit of openly admitting it to me either . '' 
 `` if you could pause in your gloating for a few minutes , '' i suggested turning completely serious again . 
 i had let him have his fun , but enough was enough . 
 we were not just hanging out and goofing off on that particular occasion . 
 we had a problem to solve , and it happened to come with a rapidly approaching deadline . 
 it was time for him to knock off the `` basking '' as he called it . 
 `` we have a situation here . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 the inflection on the end of the word threw a disbelieving cast over it . 
 aaron knew exactly what i was doing -lrb- he had been pushing me toward that , after all -rrb- , but he was , apparently , not quite ready to let go of his license to tease . 
 as i may have mentioned , he thinks he needs to keep me in line . 
 he would tell you that i am far too inclined to take things over and boss everyone around . 
 `` it 's we now ? '' 
 `` you know what , '' i stated starting for the door . 
 we were finished with this . 
 i did not have time to humor him any longer . 
 `` i 'll figure this out myself . '' 
 `` no , no , i 'll help . '' 
 he said quickly . 
 i had him , and he knew it . 
 there was only so far he could push me before i pushed back , and it was obvious to him that i was there . 
 besides , i know him . 
 he was curious , and he wanted to figure out what had happened . 
 i knew it , and i knew that he knew that i knew it . 
 `` you 're so sensitive when you 're wound . '' 
 i got the return message of that statement . 
 just because he was retreating did not mean he had completely surrendered . 
 he thinks i need to be kept in line the same way that i think i need to counter claire . 
 `` this is serious , aaron , '' i was all business again by that point . 
 efforts at repairing a rift in our friendship being needed aside , i was still operating under a time crunch that day -lrb- and i seemed to be spending more time offering explanations to aaron than fixing the problem -rrb- . 
 `` these women out there have all belonged to this organization since the beginning of time . 
 that one of them would ... , '' i shook my head to clear it of the implications of all the thoughts that i should not be thinking . 
 `` maybe it 's not that serious . 
 maybe my first thought was right . '' 
 `` maybe it was your not so serious first thought ? 
 what first thought was that ? '' 
 he asked dropping all pretense of teasing . 
 `` because not as serious as stolen would be great . '' 
 `` maybe the earrings are still at claire 's house , '' i offered in explanation . 
 `` the hinge on the case is pretty loose . 
 she had to hold it closed when she was carrying it . 
 i noticed that when she showed it to me the other day . 
 the case could have fallen open and the earrings dropped out when she was leaving the house this morning . '' 
 `` did you try to make that suggestion to claire ? '' 
 he asked me and watched looking vaguely amused as the disbelieving expression immediately took over my face . 
 my raised eyebrow was all the answer that i gave him ; it was the only answer that he should have needed . 
 `` did n't go over so well , did it ? '' 
 he tried rephrasing the question . 
 i simply continued to look at him -lrb- he knows claire ; he should not have needed to ask in the first place -rrb- . 
 he winced at what that conveyed about claire 's reaction . 
 `` okay , there is a definite possibility that they are there , '' he conceded . 
 `` we know it 's not in your bag . '' 
 my eyebrow -lrb- seemingly impossibly -rrb- lifted a little higher . 
 `` claire elaborated on her dumping of all of the contents therein while she had me on the phone , '' he explained . 
 `` she also sort of ranted about trying to find something in the midst of your collection of useless things . 
 she was talking pretty quickly , but i think she was muttering about duct tape and why anyone would need to have it on hand . '' 
 he caught sight of my expression and quickly raised his hands in a defensive gesture . 
 `` i 'm just paraphrasing what claire said . 
 i , personally , think you can never have enough duct tape in an easily accessible location . '' 
 i nodded and broke my silence . 
 `` okay , so i 've got an extra set of keys for claire 's front door . 
 i 'll go get them , and you can go look ... , '' i began to dictate plans . 
 `` whoa , wait a minute , why am i searching claire 's house ? '' 
 i could hear the questions that he was not asking out loud in his tone . 
 why would he look through claire 's house ? 
 where would he look when he got there ? 
 he did have a point . 
 i would be able to do it quicker because i knew for what and where i was looking . 
 besides , he is a police officer . 
 going to look through someone 's house , friend of the family or not , would raise potentially awkward questions . 
 this is granville bay . 
 somebody would notice him going in and say something to someone and who knew what type of gossip would start going then . 
 no one would even think twice if i was going in claire 's house . 
 i was at claire 's house all of the time . 
 it made logical sense for me to go , but that did not change the fact that my leaving aaron to handle the situation at the christmas party made me nervous enough for it to not be my first choice . 
 `` someone has got to stay here and ask unobtrusive questions in case the earrings are n't at the house . '' 
 i told him resolutely . 
 `` and that person ca n't be me , why ? '' 
 he asked in counter . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i actually laughed at the confusion on his face . 
 `` did you seriously just ask me why you ca n't hang out at the ladies only meeting ? 
 did we not have a variation on that conversation already this morning when you complained about the lack of a cinnamon roll invitation ? 
 asked and answered , aaron . '' 
 `` come on , '' he insisted . 
 `` it 's perfect . 
 you know claire . 
 you 'll know where to look in the house . 
 you ca n't start asking questions here . 
 that 'll be out of character for the day , and someone will put together that something is up . 
 i , on the other hand , am an intruder who naturally will have all kinds of questions about what is going on that no one will think twice about me asking . '' 
 i considered his arguments for a few more moments before i replied . 
 it was not like i had not been thinking most of the same things . 
 he made a good point about his ability to ask questions . 
 i do not always like it when he out logics me , but it is likely that we would not be such good friends if he was not capable of doing it . 
 i actually had not expected him to be taking this practical , divide and conquer plan all that well . 
 i was getting the unexpected a lot that morning . 
 if i am being honest , i did not care much for it -- the not knowing what was going on part that is , the aaron being willing to be unofficial about all of this part was something i was not going to complain about . 
 `` you 're being very pliant about this . '' 
 i stated , but there was a question implied that i was certain he would catch . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` about not reporting this to the station ? '' 
 i told him . 
 `` about doing this on our own ? '' 
 `` well , '' he drew out the word into more syllables than it should have had . 
 `` we do n't really have anything to report yet , do we ? 
 for all we know , those earrings are sitting on claire 's staircase waiting for you to go pick them up . 
 so , get going ? 
 and maybe think of something claire can auction if things do n't go well ? '' 
 `` always planning ahead . '' 
 i commented with a small smile . 
 it is nice to not always have to be the sole planner . 
 `` well , i did learn from the best . '' 
 he acknowledged me with a small nod . 
 that was when i remembered that i had intended to warn him about our current status . 
 `` by the way , the gossip chain is full blast today . '' 
 i left it as a parting shot as i went through the doors . 
 the look on aaron 's face as i peered over my shoulder was priceless . 
 thirty minutes later , i was sincerely hoping that aaron was getting somewhere with his side of the investigation , because my search of claire 's house was yielding nothing . 
 i had picked claire up at the front door , and i clearly remembered claire holding the box closed in her hand . 
 this had led me to skip looking over the front steps although i was about to be desperate enough to go over them on my hands and knees just in case . 
 the thought of derek coming home early to find his wife 's cousin crawling around in front of their house along with the fact that deep down i knew it would be a waste of time i did not have helped to redirect me from that line of thought . 
 the entryway was a bust as was the stairway that led up to claire 's bedroom . 
 i knew that claire had kept the earrings on her dressing table , and there was no way that they would not be visible in the midst of claire 's painfully neat and organized collection of makeup . 
 i took a deep breath and sank onto the bed . 
 i needed a contingency plan . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ it took more time than i expected -lrb- or maybe i was just feeling impatient -rrb- to disengage aaron from the middle of the game playing and shake off inquisitive women to get him to the kitchen . 
 the man actually slumped against the cabinets in relief when we were finally alone . 
 `` i ca n't believe you do these things once a month , '' he told me shaking his head in disbelief . 
 `` how come you never told me they were like this ? '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 i was too keyed up to deal with aaron 's reactions to the inner workings of the ll right then . 
 he had , after all , volunteered to insert himself in the midst of them . 
 `` tell me i am not the only one that they grill like that , '' he sounded like he was gearing up to be insulted . 
 there was no need . 
 how special did he think he was ? 
 i dealt with them all the time . 
 he had probably gotten off easy in comparison to my morning trapped at the raffle ticket table . 
 `` could we talk about this later ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 we were kind of on a mission -- one that was failing . 
 other issues could wait . 
 `` the earrings were n't there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 -lrb- somewhat unnecessarily in my opinion , would i be acting like that if i had found them ? -rrb- 
 he may not have completely shaken off the sugar slump at that point . 
 `` nowhere to be found , '' i confirmed . 
 `` well , i may have to make a call then . '' 
 he sighed . 
 he sounded like he had been hoping that it would not come to that . 
 it would have made perfect sense if claire had dropped the earrings somewhere . 
 it would have made much more sense than one of the women who devoted her spare time to charity projects suddenly flipping out and stealing from said charity project . 
 of course before this morning , aaron likely would have said that mrs. whitmore being a kleptomaniac would not have made any sense . 
 i knew he could not ignore a crime , but i did not want it to come to that either . 
 `` aaron ... , '' it was something between a caution and a plea . 
 i was not entirely sure myself . 
 `` do n't aaron me , '' he cut me off before i could be certain which it was . 
 he looked upset . 
 sometimes , being a representative of law and order among people who had known you as a child must be extremely uncomfortable . 
 `` i need you to tell me what you know about a potential suspect . '' 
 i thought about arguing with the direction he was taking , but i thought better of it . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i questioned taking in the way his posture had changed . 
 i knew he was uncomfortable despite his attempt at a professional exterior . 
 he is lousy at hiding things from me . 
 i wondered what it was that he had heard . 
 `` donna matheson , '' he replied watching me carefully . 
 i think that he thought i was going to blow him off and go handle it myself . 
 if that is what he was thinking , i definitely did not live up to his expectations . 
 he need not have been watching so closely . 
 the only reaction that i exhibited was plainly visible -lrb- if not so easily interpreted -rrb- . 
 i laughed out loud . 
 `` are you going to give me a reason that you just accused a woman who heads the school supply drive of stealing jewelry from a children 's fundraiser ? '' 
 donna matheson was about as much of a potential crime suspect as ... well , the rest of the ll -lrb- which was the problem -rrb- . 
 in that case , however , i had a fairly good idea of who might have been talking to aaron . 
 `` someone was giving me some interesting information on the somewhat checkered past of your mrs. matheson . '' 
 he said defensively . 
 yeah , that was what i thought . 
 `` and was said person susanna pyle ? '' 
 he looked startled . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 `` mrs. pyle and mrs. matheson have a long standing feud . 
 it 's common knowledge to anyone who spends any time around the two of them . 
 if she was telling you cryptic things about mrs. matheson stealing and her family hushing it up , she was n't actually talking about things . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it was sort of cryptic if you did not know the pyle/matheson feud background -- not that mrs. matheson participated in said feud . 
 it was all one sided . 
 `` it 's a long story , '' i enlightened him . 
 `` the short version is that once upon a time mrs. pyle wanted to be mrs. matheson . 
 it did n't work out that way . 
 mrs. pyle holds a grudge . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously , '' i reiterated . 
 `` what else have you got ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' his shoulders slumped . 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 i asked disbelief shining through . 
 `` i was gone for forty five minutes . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i was working around the games , claire 's grab a gift musical thing is a big hit by the way . 
 i 'm not exactly invited , and everyone kept changing the subject to unimportant things . '' 
 there was something about the way that he said that that made me suspicious . 
 `` unimportant things ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` let 's just focus . '' 
 that was a switch . 
 i felt like he had been derailing me all day . 
 `` aww , did they make you the bad guy again ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` actually , '' he retorted . 
 `` several ladies mentioned that it was time that i laid down the law and told you that it was time to settle down . '' 
 well , that was a change of pace . 
 `` and here i thought they were all on my side , '' i reflected . 
 `` you actually think this is funny , do n't you ? '' 
 he sounded like he might be concerned about my mental health . 
 `` when it 's you and not me getting the third degree ? '' 
 i stared . 
 `` absolutely . 
 and when the cp fundraiser is not at stake , i 'll laugh about it . '' 
 `` okay , next point , '' he conceded . 
 `` i do n't think this is about theft . 
 it 's just not the place or time . 
 unless someone is counting on claire not to call the police ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 i shook my head . 
 that did not make any sense . 
 `` yeah , it did n't seem likely to me either , '' he continued . 
 `` it 's too big of a risk , and no one knew what was going to be auctioned off today either . 
 that only leaves someone deliberately trying to wreck things for claire . 
 which means that the earrings were n't stolen . 
 someone probably just hid them somewhere . 
 which is , i guess , good news and bad news . 
 maybe if we could figure out who , we could pressure them into telling us where ? '' 
 `` i think you 're reaching , '' i told him . 
 we did not have time for that , and it is not like we could hold people there if they wanted to leave . 
 `` do we have anything else to go on ? '' 
 `` not really , '' i had nothing . 
 i am all about logicalness and nothing about that day was going logically . 
 `` so , who would hold a grudge ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` against claire ? '' 
 i must have looked shocked . 
 `` you say that like it is unlikely , '' he told me . 
 `` i think we both know better . '' 
 he did not understand . 
 `` you 're talking about a different claire , '' i tried to tell him . 
 `` i am so not following you here . '' 
 he would not . 
 he always sees claire in her unfiltered state ; it is a hazard of being a long standing friend of the family . 
 `` claire is on her best behavior when she 's here , '' i elaborated . 
 `` i told you . 
 this is her social pinnacle . 
 she goes out of her way to not step on anyone 's toes . 
 she has n't had a blow up with the ll since she was a teenager . '' 
 `` okay , so not about claire herself then , but maybe the position ? '' 
 i could see the mental gears shifting via the expression on his face . 
 `` who was her competition to be the project chair ? '' 
 `` competition ? '' 
 it is hard to remember sometimes that people outside the ll do not really know anything about how it works . 
 `` yeah , did n't you have an election or something ? '' 
 he prodded . 
 `` which ladies were running against her ? '' 
 `` it was n't really like that . '' 
 `` then , what was it like ? '' 
 he was getting impatient . 
 `` chessie kind of announced that she was resigning and that claire was replacing her all in one fell swoop . '' 
 `` no one objected to that ? '' 
 `` not out loud , '' i shrugged . 
 `` you know how chessie is . 
 people just kind of let her have her way because it 's easier . '' 
 `` so , tap into those observational skills of yours , '' he pushed . 
 `` who wanted it but did n't say anything ? 
 think of anyone who might do something petty and ill advised to embarrass claire if the opportunity presented itself . '' 
 `` like walking into the office and seeing the surprise auction item sitting there ? '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i really did not . 
 `` it 's just not really any of them . '' 
 `` ash , you just told me that one of these women is still holding a grudge over a guy she did n't marry 40 years ago , '' he was definitely out of patience . 
 `` a woman , i might add , who up until today i thought was happily married to someone else . '' 
 `` she is happily married to someone else , '' i told him . 
 i know mrs. pyle is not easy to understand , but that was no reason for me to let aaron walk out of there with the wrong impression . 
 `` if you say so ... , '' he was clearly not getting it . 
 `` that 's different , '' i tried again to make him understand . 
 `` she 's all talk . 
 actually doing something , something that might cause a problem with the project , that 's different . 
 these women are devoted to their causes , aaron . 
 you 've seen them . 
 the time they spend wrapping those gifts , the effort that they put into this , it just does n't make sense that any of them would do something that would mess with it . '' 
 `` so , maybe someone had a weak , unthinking moment . '' 
 i really was not liking his bad cop issues right then . 
 `` it happens , ash . 
 who wanted the project chair title ? '' 
 `` sara holder , maybe , '' i was trying despite what he thought . 
 there just was not anyone who matched up with where he was trying to lead me . 
 `` she 's been helping with the registration . 
 she might want to be more involved , but claire 's way more willing to let her help than chessie was , so it 's not like she 's shut out . 
 mrs. michaelson was the most vocal about it being about time for chessie to step down , but that still was n't very vocal . 
 and i think it 's just because she thought it was time for a change , not because she wanted to do it . 
 i think you 're on the wrong track , aaron . '' 
 `` the earrings went somewhere , '' he pointed out -- like i did not already know that . 
 `` i know that ! '' 
 so i was out of creative responses , sue me . 
 `` we 're running out of time . '' 
 i knew that as well . 
 `` i also know that . '' 
 `` we 're going to have to break it to claire , '' he said with a sigh . 
 `` do you have something else for her to auction ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i told him . 
 `` but she is n't going to be happy about it . '' 
 `` well , she 's just going to have to be grateful that you did n't hang her out to dry and tell her to figure this out herself . '' 
 that was not as comforting as he intended it to be . 
 `` i would n't do that . '' 
 he knew i would not . 
 `` no , you would n't , '' he sounded as if he was disappointed with someone . 
 `` claire knows that . 
 that 's why she dropped it in your lap . '' 
 `` actually , she kind of dropped it in your lap , '' i reminded him . 
 `` true , '' he seemed to be considering something . 
 `` do you have any idea why she did that ? '' 
 `` she 's still miffed at me for doubting that my necklace was stolen at her wedding , '' i explained . 
 `` this place is just riddled with grudges , '' he observed . 
 `` although you ca n't really complain , that wedding fiasco was your fault . '' 
 `` yeah , if you 're trying to convince me that the consequences of my actions are a punishment when it means that claire dumps her problems on you instead of on me , it 's not really going to work . '' 
 i grinned at him despite the situation . 
 `` yeah , i did n't think about that , '' he commented . 
 `` you need to pull claire out of there and let her know . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i was lacking in enthusiasm for that . 
 `` do n't look like you 're going to an execution . '' 
 i just looked at him . 
 `` it wo n't be that bad . 
 i mean , we are in public . 
 if she 's as careful of how she acts around these women as you say she is , she 's got to at least keep her voice down , right ? '' 
 `` you know , '' i remarked as it occurred to me . 
 `` technically , she told you to handle this . 
 so , you may bear most of her wrath . '' 
 he looked horror stricken for a moment . 
 `` why do we let her get away with shoving everything off on the rest of us ? '' 
 `` because she 's claire , '' i told him matter of factly . 
 it was sadly true . 
 `` they 're finishing this round , '' i told him as a round of applause broke out in the main hall . 
 `` she only has one more game planned . 
 i need to get going . '' 
 i was stopped from exiting the kitchen by his hand resting on my arm . 
 i turned and looked at him curiously . 
 `` how long should it run ? '' 
 he had thought of something . 
 `` twenty-five minutes , '' i estimated . 
 it was a game that the group had not played before . 
 `` maybe thirty . '' 
 `` wait fifteen minutes before you get claire . '' 
 he ordered . 
 he could have given claire lessons in tone . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 `` she wo n't have time to badger you , '' he offered . 
 i knew there was something else going on , but he did not seem to be inclined to share . 
 that was rather frustrating . 
 `` she 'll just do it later , '' i informed him . 
 `` i want to take one last look around , '' he admitted . 
 `` that 's going to accomplish what exactly ? '' 
 `` it 'll make me feel better . '' 
 that was all he was going to give me . 
 `` besides , maybe someone will start looking smug when they see that claire 's gone to get the auction item . '' 
 `` you do n't really think that . '' 
 `` no , '' he admitted . 
 `` but it 's worth a shot . '' 
 i was not in a position to be shooting down his ideas when i did not have any of my own . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` go mingle and stuff . '' 
 he actually fluttered his fingers to urge me to go . 
 that was somewhat disconcerting . 
 i half wondered if he had been hitting the cinnamon rolls again while i had been gone . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ twenty minutes later , aaron entered the office where claire and i had disappeared a few minutes previously . 
 one look was enough to tell me that the last long shot was a fail . 
 i had not noticed any of the women gathered paying attention to anything but who was out of the game next -lrb- except for a few curious glances in his direction as if they could not figure out what he was still doing there -rrb- . 
 in the five minutes since i had led claire into the office , she had not let me get a word in edgewise . 
 i took the fact that she stopped to draw breath when she noticed aaron coming in as an opportunity to take control of the conversation . 
 `` look , claire , i know this is n't what you want to hear , '' i was making a deliberate effort to keep my voice calm . 
 `` but you 're just going to have to use something else for the auction . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 claire exclaimed . 
 `` i told the two of you to fix this . 
 what have you been doing all day ? '' 
 she made a sweeping motion with her hands that sent her phone sliding off the desk . 
 she made a frustrated hissing sound and went around the desk to retrieve it . 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' she exclaimed from her place out of our sight . 
 `` i know you 're upset , '' i began mentally preparing myself for a complete dressing down -lrb- or as much of one as she could deliver in the short time frame -rrb- . 
 `` no ! '' 
 claire stated . 
 `` it 's the earrings . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 aaron and i exclaimed in unison . 
 we looked at each other in confusion for a moment as claire rose to her feet and held out the earrings still hooked on their card . 
 `` i ca n't believe that the two of you did n't think to look under the desk . '' 
 she clucked her tongue and turned her attention directly to aaron . 
 `` you call yourself an officer of the law . '' 
 she moved to look at me -lrb- which only involved turning her head , but her level of indignation made it seem as if she was spinning to confront me -rrb- . 
 `` and you , chessie 's always going on about how you have so much more common sense than i do . 
 i ca n't wait to tell her about this . 
 i ca n't believe the two of you were so careless . 
 i mean , the bag fell off the desk , why would n't you look under it ? '' 
 she huffed at both of us . 
 `` the bag fell off the desk ? '' 
 i questioned her trying to keep the strain out of my voice . 
 it would be lost on her . 
 `` you kind of did n't mention that , claire . '' 
 `` do n't try to turn this around on me , '' claire accused folding her arms over her chest with the earring card tapping against her upper arm in a visual representation of her agitation . 
 `` i 'm just glad that i was actually thinking in this situation . 
 i ca n't believe the two of you nearly ruined this day for me . 
 i 'm deeply disappointed in the both of you . '' 
 she grabbed the case off its place on the desk and placed the earrings inside before snapping it closed . 
 `` deeply disappointed , '' she repeated shaking her finger at us . 
 she flounced out of the room without a backwards glance leaving aaron staring open mouthed after her . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 he asked turning to face me as the `` oohs '' and `` ahhs '' of the crowd getting their first glimpse of the auction item started up outside the door . 
 `` come on , aaron , '' i prompted . 
 `` you 've been on the receiving end of hurricane claire before . '' 
 `` it 's been a while . '' 
 he admitted . 
 `` i think i 'm out of practice . '' 
 the laughter and some good natured heckling that usually accompanied the beginning of the annual christmas party silent auction results announcement began to filter through the door . 
 i found myself smiling . 
 claire 's day was going to end well . 
 i just needed to know how the happy ending of the day came to be . 
 `` so , spill , '' i said to aaron moving to sit on the edge of the desk as though i were settling in to listen to story time . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 aaron replied turning to look at me as if he had no idea what i was saying . 
 `` so articulate , '' i commented rolling my eyes as i swung my legs back and forth as much as i could without banging them into the desk . 
 `` i said spill , '' i replied looking up at him with anticipation . 
 i was prepared to be awed by his last minute saving of the day . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 his confused appearance was not lifting as he blinked at me . 
 `` where did you find the earrings ? '' 
 i prompted . 
 `` and when did you slip off to put them under the desk ? 
 i totally did not notice when you did that . '' 
 i waited again , but aaron still did not seem inclined to start talking . 
 `` that was brilliant by the way , '' i added . 
 `` she 'll never ask questions now . 
 she 'll just periodically huff at us for the rest of our lives . 
 i can live with that . '' 
 i finished with a smile . 
 `` wait , wait , '' aaron seemed to put something together . 
 `` you think i found the earrings ? 
 i did n't find the earrings . 
 i thought you put them under there . 
 are you telling me that you did n't ? '' 
 `` i did no such thing . '' 
 i informed him . 
 `` well , i did n't find them . '' 
 he repeated . 
 the two of us looked at each other incredulously as the sounds of a group thoroughly enjoying themselves echoed through the other side of the wall . 
 i shook my head slowly as if to clear something out of it . 
 there seemed to be a lot of things that needed to be shaken out of my head that day . 
 `` so , they seriously fell out of my bag and were on the floor the whole time ? '' 
 i asked aaron as if he were in a position to know . 
 `` i guess so , '' he said . 
 `` i was n't actually here at the time , but it looks that way . '' 
 `` are you snickering ? '' 
 i asked suddenly noticing the way that the man 's shoulders seemed to be shaking as he stood in front of me . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he stated barely getting the word out around the laughter that he was trying to swallow . 
 `` you are snickering , '' i accused -lrb- and the tone was every bit an accusation -rrb- . 
 i poked a finger at his chest . 
 `` this is not funny . '' 
 i started rattling off a list as i noted each on a finger as i went . 
 `` i completely freaked out kelly for no reason , i upset mrs. whitmore for no reason , i ransacked claire 's house for no reason , and i 've been going insane trying to keep this under wraps while we looked for them for no reason . 
 are you noticing a pattern here ? '' 
 `` and i have moved myself from being just that rawles boy to being that ill-mannered rawles boy who crashed the lady lunchers ' christmas party . '' 
 he told me still trying to choke off his laughter . 
 he was unsuccessful . 
 he gave up and let the laughter escape . 
 `` everything that i 've done today will be all over town within forty eight hours . 
 nobody is ever going to talk about what you did today . 
 i think i got the worst end of the deal here . 
 if i can laugh about it , i think you can laugh about it . '' 
 he said after a few moments . 
 he looked at me expectantly before i finally caved and laughed with him . 
 we just took in the moment and let the tension of the day fall away from us . 
 what else was there to do under the circumstances ? 
 it was all so ridiculously funny when you were not sitting in the middle of it any longer . 
 it was obvious to the both of us that that day was so going down into our private jokes that no one else had a chance of figuring out collection . 
 `` i ca n't believe that claire did n't bother to mention that my bag had tipped over . 
 wait a minute , yes i can . 
 it 's claire . 
 i can totally believe that she did n't think that that was worth mentioning . 
 i can completely believe that it never occurred to her to look on the floor when she realized that the earrings were n't in the bag . 
 i can also believe that she 's going to complain that the two of us were at fault and nearly ruined her first cpc event for the rest of our lives . '' 
 i sighed and shook my head . 
 `` i guess we were a little too ready to make the jump to potential crime . '' 
 i told him as i leaned back on my hands where they were braced against the desk . 
 i popped my back and let my head fall backwards . 
 it probably would not seem overly comfortable to anyone looking at me in that position , but i like the way it helps to drain the tension out of my shoulders . 
 `` how did we get like this ? 
 i do n't remember when it happened . '' 
 `` well , i am an officer of the law , '' aaron reminded me repeating claire 's words as he moved around the desk and dropped into the chair . 
 `` i 'm supposed to think that way . 
 it 's sort of an occupational hazard . 
 what 's your excuse ? '' 
 `` i 'm just naturally suspicious of my fellow man , i guess . '' 
 i quipped . 
 `` you make a decent sidekick , you know ? '' 
 he stated reaching out and tugging on the end of my pony tail . 
 the familiarness of the gesture left us both smiling at each other -- we had not actually tackled the point of contention between us over claire 's wedding that had been creating tension between the two of us earlier in the day , but it did not seem to be very important any more by that time . 
 `` first , what 's up with you ? '' 
 i asked pulling my feet up and spinning around so that i was sitting cross legged and facing him . 
 `` you never encourage me with this stuff . 
 you always tell me to stay out of it . '' 
 `` well , there was n't an actual crime here . '' 
 he told me in a speculative tone of voice that told me he was thinking seriously about my question and not just giving me a trite response . 
 i knew that tone well , and i waited for several minutes while he pondered . 
 `` we were just helping out a friend by looking for something misplaced which ; by the way , we are apparently lousy at actually finding said misplaced item . 
 however , that does n't change the fact that we work together really nicely . '' 
 he announced . 
 `` second ? '' 
 he asked looking at me expectantly . 
 `` second ? '' 
 i echoed . 
 i fixed a questioning look on him as i busied myself moving my head from side to side in an attempt to remove a crick from my neck . 
 it was not really working . 
 `` you had started a list . '' 
 he reminded me . 
 he placed his elbows on the desk and rested his chin on his hands mimicking my earlier posture of waiting for a story . 
 `` oh yeah , '' i said -lrb- having had my memory jogged -rrb- . 
 `` why am i the sidekick ? '' 
 i am not a big fan of sidekickism . 
 i do not have anything against the fictional sidekicks that i have encountered themselves ; it is just that they always seem to get such a raw deal . 
 `` were you listening earlier ? 
 claire did issue orders to you to help me out and get me whatever i needed . '' 
 he told me sounding a little smug as he did so . 
 `` that , officially , makes me the person in charge and you the assistant . 
 by definition , the person doing the assisting is the sidekick . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at the sight of his smirk . 
 `` do you know what it is that i would like to know ? '' 
 i began . 
 `` since when do you listen to claire ? '' 
 i leaned toward him as my eyebrow quirked upward in challenge . 
 `` i always listen to claire when i like what it is she has to say . '' 
 he stated in response as if the answer should have been obvious to me -lrb- and , perhaps , it should have been -rrb- . 
 `` you 're impossible to deal with , '' i said . 
 `` are you aware of that fact ? '' 
 i shook my head and leaned back again . 
 `` and yet you continue to stick around in spite of said fact . '' 
 he adopted a lofty tone while delivering that pronouncement as he once again mimicked my posture and leaned back in the desk chair only to jerk upwards with a start as it began to tip backwards . 
 he caught himself and managed to not let the chair fall to the floor . 
 i laughed at the display and the disgruntled look that he gave the chair . 
 `` i ca n't imagine why that is . '' 
 i managed to get the words out through the laughter . 
 `` i think we 've had this conversation once before , '' he commented after a few seconds of reflection . 
 `` i think that we did , '' i concurred , `` but i seem to recall that it was taking place in reverse . '' 
 `` whichever way that it went , '' he shrugged his shoulders dismissively . 
 `` i meant what i said . 
 we are not a bad team . '' 
 `` you better be careful , '' i chided him in a teasing sort of warning tone . 
 `` one of the ladies out there might hear you and misconstrue your meaning . '' 
 he was silent as he pondered my words with a little more serious contemplation than should have been required . 
 it was a few moments before a mischievous look lit up his features . 
 `` well , '' aaron told me as his smile widened . 
 `` i have spent my day being reminded by several concerned citizens in the community that i am , in fact , quite a catch . '' 
 he paused to bite his lip and prevent himself from letting out the chuckle that i could see brewing . 
 i could just imagine some of the comments he had been exposed to during his attempt at a fact finding mission . 
 making eye contact with me did not seem to be helping any with that laughter prevention . 
 i was barely holding back my amusement as well . 
 it must have been the break in the tension after the craziness of the day that was making us so predisposed to it . 
 `` they also took it upon themselves to offer their sage advice that it is high time that i stopped allowing you to string me along . 
 i must say that i am inclined to agree with them . 
 it really is n't kind of you to string people along , ash . 
 did n't anyone ever tell you that ? '' 
 my response was not delivered verbally . 
 it was , however , delivered swiftly and decisively . 
 i reached over and flicked him in the forehead with my index finger , and he gave in to the temptation and laughed at me . 
 i joined him . 
 when we had gotten it out of our systems , i forced my features into a serious expression . 
 `` there will be no more of that type of talk from you . 
 you must n't say things that might encourage them , '' i whispered putting a finger to my lips and making a show of looking pointedly at the door . 
 i turned my gaze back in his direction and leaned conspiratorially nearer . 
 i made a `` come closer '' gesture with my finger and waited for him to humor me and lean nearer as well . 
 `` especially if they might overhear it being said , '' i continued . 
 `` they may look harmless , but do n't let their seemingly benign appearance fool you . '' 
 my voice changed to a foreboding , cryptic tone as if i was telling him a ghost story next to a fire on a camping trip . 
 `` they lurk in waiting for anything they can use to further fuel the continued existence of the gossip chain rumor mill of doom . 
 you must be vigilant at all times . 
 you must not let down your guard . 
 they never rest . '' 
 `` it 's not like they are eavesdropping on us , ash , '' he told me breaking out of our whispered conference position . 
 he leaned back into the chair -lrb- without the tipping that time -rrb- and crossed his arms in front of him . 
 `` i would n't be so sure about that , '' i deadpanned . 
 i would not . 
 i was actually under the impression that someone was hovering outside the door at that moment . 
 i thought i knew which lady it was as well . 
 `` are you aware of the fact that we are n't that interesting ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` because , let me tell you , as interesting as we find us , i do n't think that the rest of the universe shares the fascination . 
 besides , i think they are otherwise occupied with claire 's triumphal entrance to the pinnacle of her social aspirations . 
 they really take those games seriously . 
 did you know that mrs. kent was that violently competitive ? '' 
 he paused before shaking his head . 
 `` of course you knew . 
 what hidden personality quirks do you display at these meetings that i do n't know about ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' i told him displaying a look of innocence so sickly sweet one would have to have been a complete moron to buy it . 
 aaron is not a complete moron . 
 `` whatever , '' he replied trying to frown at me and failing miserably . 
 `` you just admitted that you do n't know these women like i do , aaron , '' i informed him with a look that showed my amusement with his current demonstration of naiveté . 
 `` you should trust me when i give you advice on what to expect from and how to deal with them . 
 you are a little out of your depth here . '' 
 `` i will admit that today has been enlightening in ways i probably could have lived quite happily without , '' he confessed . 
 `` so in summation , you are saying that i should just bow to your obviously superior knowledge of the people in question ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' i said . 
 `` that is exactly what i am saying . '' 
 `` i know what 's going on here , '' he accused in a knowing tone . 
 `` you 're just jealous that some of that crew out there have decided that i 'm not the bad guy in this story . '' 
 he wagged a finger at me . 
 `` you 're losing the gossip brigade to my side . '' 
 `` you do n't have a side , aaron , '' i told him sounding as if i were delivering a lecture on appropriate classroom behavior . 
 that is my occupational hazard . 
 `` neither one of us has a side because there is no side to have . 
 there are no sides . '' 
 i finished off my lecture by sticking my tongue out at him . 
 `` that 's a very mature gesture you 're displaying , ash , '' he clucked his tongue at me . 
 `` what are we even bantering about ? '' 
 he queried before he turned the conversation in a new direction . 
 `` are you finished here yet , or does claire have you serving on clean up duty ? '' 
 `` i am actually off the hook when it comes to cleaning today , '' i answered him . 
 `` but , '' i added , `` i am claire 's ride home . 
 it would be bad form to leave her stranded . '' 
 `` leave her your car to take , '' he suggested . 
 `` or let her make a call to derek and have him come and pick her up . '' 
 he offered me his best pleading look . 
 he is really quite good at those -lrb- not that i would ever tell him , he does not need further affirmation -rrb- . 
 `` today has been very strangely exhausting . '' 
 he tilted his head from side to side popping his neck in the process . 
 `` i want to go see a movie . '' 
 `` it 's going to start snowing soon , aaron . '' 
 i reminded him of the impending weather we had been hearing about all week . 
 `` it may not be exactly the best time to take a twenty minute drive to the nearest movie theater . '' 
 granville bay does not have its own theater , and by the time we saw a movie , it was likely to be a nasty drive back . 
 i think i mentioned earlier that i am not a big fan of cold . 
 i like to limit my going out in it as much as humanly possible . 
 `` so , we 'll go to my house , '' he offered in counter . 
 `` if it gets too bad to drive , i 'll walk you the two blocks home when the movie is over . '' 
 he looked at me expectantly as he continued . 
 `` is it a deal ? '' 
 walking two blocks home in whatever snow/sleet/general nastiness combination precluded safe driving was so not on my list of fun ways to end my day . 
 i did not tell him that though , it is not like he does not know my feelings about winter in general . 
 he just knows me well enough to know that i will put aside my dislike to hang out with him if it is important to him . 
 best friends , upon occasion , use their inside knowledge against you . 
 `` sure , why not ? '' 
 i agreed with a teasing smile . 
 it was my only viable retaliation for wanting to put me through a potential walk through the cold . 
 `` half the ladies in there will be so pleased to see me walk out of here on your arm that they may lay off for a week or two . '' 
 `` or you could just come watch a movie with me because i 'm your best friend , and you want to spend time with me ? '' 
 aaron suggested with a somewhat smug smile . 
 he made a show of turning his head toward where the sounds of the ladies in question laughing and cheering could be heard coming through the cracks in the door and sticking his tongue out in their general direction . 
 i snickered before i could catch myself . 
 i cut off the sound and made a show of tapping my finger against my chin as if i were contemplating some deep , complicated decision . 
 i waited until his smug smile faded into a frown before i offered an answer . 
 there was no reason to allow aaron to remain smug ; it was very unbecoming after all . 
 i do not think the world at large realizes what a favor i do for it every day through my efforts at keeping his ego in check . 
 `` i suppose that there is that , '' i conceded his previous point with a shrug . 
 he rolled his eyes as if i were being childish . 
 i was not buying the implied admonition from someone who had just been sticking his tongue out behind the back of a large group of his elders . 
 you do not get much more childish than that -lrb- even if it was vastly amusing to see coming from aaron -rrb- . 
 `` brat , '' he retorted with a return of the smug smile . 
 insults are not really aaron 's thing -lrb- in case you had not yet garnered that information for yourself -rrb- . 
 `` and yet you still stick around , '' i countered letting the automatic response come . 
 `` this is becoming a conversational habit for us , '' he observed . 
 `` i 'm not sure i like it . 
 could we come up with some other verbal retreat for when we 've reached an impasse in whatever we happen to be discussing ? '' 
 `` i have no response for that , '' i admitted with what i am sure was a tired sounding sigh . 
 `` i think i am so ticked off that claire put us through all of this for no reason that my brain has ceased to function . '' 
 i held up a hand to ward off any comment he might be thinking of making in response to my statement . 
 `` and do n't you tell me that that is n't possible , because i am telling you that that is what has happened to my brain . 
 it is completely fried . '' 
 `` in that case , '' he stated as he pushed himself from the chair to standing . 
 he walked around the desk , and i turned around to face the new direction . 
 he held out a hand for me to take . 
 `` let 's get going . 
 i have hot chocolate , '' he offered knowing me well enough to know that i was about to offer some sort of a protest that it was too cold outside . 
 my preference between the weather and the kind of day that i had had would be to wear my comfy pajama pants , wrap myself in a blanket , and sip on something hot while i went and lost myself in some sort of fiction . 
 movies counted as lose oneself in fiction . 
 check one . 
 i totally have a fuzzy blanket that i keep stashed at aaron 's house for movie night use -lrb- he 's a guy ; fuzzy blankets do not really make it into his decorating style -rrb- . 
 check two . 
 aaron was offering a hot beverage in the form of chocolate -lrb- it is the best kind , after all -rrb- . 
 check three . 
 in the grand scheme of things , hanging out with my best friend was probably an acceptable exchange for the comfy pjs . 
 check four . 
 i took his hand and let him pull me to standing . 
 `` let 's go , '' i agreed . 
 aunt chessie was making her way across the room and slipping into a seat between alice kent and susanna pyle as aaron and i came out of the cpc office door . 
 she was making a show of being focused on claire as she led the crowd in what would likely turn into an auction bidding frenzy . 
 the sapphire earrings looked to be a big hit . 
 the chatter was at a nice level with some `` oohing '' and `` ahhing '' still continuing as claire gave her spiel reminding everyone about the goals of the day . 
 i had to give claire credit ; she was doing a marvelous job of getting everyone stirred up and ready to write checks . 
 chessie looked pleased about something . 
 most people would have passed it off as pride that she had obviously taught claire well . 
 i knew better . 
 it is not that she was not proud ; i knew she was . 
 it was just that i also knew that she was pleased with herself that she had been listening in on my conversation with aaron . 
 i do not even know why she bothered with the pretense that she was not . 
 it would have been just like her to still have her ear pressed to the door when we opened it . 
 aaron may not have realized that she had been out there , but i certainly had . 
 she knew i had . 
 i knew that she knew because she made a point of not turning her head in our direction -lrb- unlike half of the rest of the club members who took in the sight of aaron and i heading for the door together before snapping back to attention at the start of the auction -rrb- . 
 it was a bigger distraction for the moment , but i knew that tongues would wag later . 
 they always do . 
 aunt chessie would tell me it is because aaron and i make it too easy . 
 i really could not bring myself to care . 
 it was a nasty , cold day , claire had probably done permanent damage to my blood pressure , and i was going to be heading off commentary from the gossip league for weeks , but i was actually in a very good mood . 
 after all , aaron had hot chocolate with my name on it , and i knew where he kept the marshmallows . 
 nothing else was quite as important as that at the moment . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ interlude it was not particularly cold outside on the day that aaron picked me up from the airport after i returned from my spring break trip with claire , but it was chilly -lrb- enough so that i was huddling into my sweater as i stood beside the vehicle -rrb- . 
 i am not a big fan of cold -- as nearly anyone who knows me at all could tell you . 
 it was overcast out -lrb- and looked to be threatening rain -rrb- , and the contrast between the temperature where i was and the temperature where i had spent the previous week was not something that i appreciated much . 
 i was eyeing my best friend carefully as he loaded my suitcases into the trunk of the car . 
 something was up with him , and that knowledge was nearly enough for me to put my displeasure over the lack of warmth on a backburner . 
 i know aaron well enough to know when he is biding his time while he angles for an opportune moment to spring something on someone . 
 i also knew that i had a subject that i intended to avoid talking about on our way home , but i was also fairly certain that that was not enough to push me over the edge of paranoia so that i would start seeing signs in my best friend that were not actually there . 
 something was definitely up with him -- he was being a bit too studiously casual for aaron . 
 trying too hard to be casual aaron nearly always means that he is expending so much effort trying to not immediately jump to whatever topic it is that he really wants to be discussing that he does not even realize that his whole manner is unnatural . 
 `` so , how was your trip ? '' 
 he inquired as he closed the lid of the trunk with a sharp snap as it caught and held . 
 he was looking at me instead of my luggage for the first time since we had arrived at the car , and he was definitely watching me for some sort of a sign . 
 `` eh , '' i replied still trying to figure out what it was that he was watching and waiting for -- he should not have been in a position to know that i had a story that i was not inclined to tell , but just because he should not know did not mean that he actually did not know . 
 `` just eh ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` nothing exciting going on ? '' 
 he tried to say it casually , but that was an epic fail on his part . 
 it was clearly a prompting question . 
 that statement might as well have been a flashing neon sign attached to a speaker blaring out the words `` danger , will robinson ! '' 
 he knew what had happened on the ship . 
 it made absolutely no sense whatsoever for him to know , but he knew . 
 the next thought which went through my mind was that i was so busted , but i shook it off quickly . 
 it was not a reasonable thought for me to be having -- aaron is not the boss of me . 
 i have no obligations to check in and let him know all the details of my life as they occur . 
 `` it was a cruise ship , aaron , '' i reminded him deciding that if he were gearing up to try to deliver a lecture , then there was no reason for me to expedite him getting around to it . 
 it is a two hour drive from the city to home ; i intended to stall as much as humanly possible -lrb- or at least until we were actually in the vehicle -rrb- . 
 `` there are only so many things that can fit on a ship which means that there are only so many things that you can do while you are on one . '' 
 `` see , now that 's interesting , '' he offered in response . 
 `` i , personally , have never been on a cruise ship . 
 maybe you should tell me about some of those limited amounts of things that you can do . '' 
 he is so bad at fishing for information -lrb- or maybe he just does not put any effort into it when it is me because he knows that i know exactly what it is that he is doing -rrb- . 
 for the sake of law and order in our home community , i really hope he does a much better job when he is conducting official business . 
 `` i got seasick a lot , '' i offered giving him a small smile . 
 just because he was trying to back me into a corner was no reason for me to roll over and make it easy for him . 
 besides , being cold makes me obstinate and uncooperative . 
 `` like a lot , a lot . '' 
 it was the absolute truth . 
 the whole being trapped on a ship thing was something which had most definitely not agreed with me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he questioned sounding concerned . 
 whatever else he knew , he had not , apparently , been privy to that little detail . 
 `` really , '' i answered with just a twinge of morbid amusement slipping into my tone . 
 it had been very unpleasant , and claire complaining about me being sick making me useless as a travel companion had not been the most helpful of responses . 
 `` trust me ; that is not something that i am liable to forget . 
 the first night was kind of a little bit awful . 
 the girl that was working the counter at the on ship pharmacy and i did extensive bonding over the course of the week . 
 there was a point in time there when the meds were just starting to kick in that i was considering offering her the position of being my new best friend . '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` that bad ? '' 
 `` you have no idea , '' i replied letting a frown flit across my features as my mind drifted toward some of the more graphic memories . 
 `` motion sickness and i have come to terms with each other . 
 basically , i waved a gigantic white flag and agreed that there would be no more ocean voyages in my future . '' 
 `` but you got sorted out , right ? '' 
 he questioned clearly wanting to make certain that he had all the concerned about my health bases covered before he tried to rake me over the coals about what else had happened on the ship . 
 `` eventually , '' i shrugged . 
 `` it 's still not an experience that i would care to repeat like ever . '' 
 i was fairly certain that ponds would be the largest bodies of water that i would ever choose to venture out on in the future , and i have held to that resolution ever since . 
 `` that 's too bad , '' he offered trying to sound sympathetic even though i could hear in his tone how he was already trying to think of how next to turn the conversational track back in the direction that he wanted it to go . 
 `` i hear the food is really good . '' 
 `` less good when it 's making a repeat appearance , '' i told him giving him a look that asked quite clearly if he really wanted to continue that particular line of commentary . 
 i did not . 
 `` yeah , '' he agreed . 
 `` i 'm so not touching that one . '' 
 `` good call because i have a memory chock full of all the gory details , '' i replied . 
 `` definitely passing . '' 
 he said with a small shudder . 
 `` so , are we getting in the car soon ? '' 
 i asked gladly letting the previous line of conversation drop as i huddled a little further into the sweater that claire had laughed at me for keeping out of my checked bags to have on the plane . 
 `` not that i 'm not happy to see you and all -- i 'm a little less happy about discussing my nausea issues . 
 it 's just that i 've spent the last week in the tropics , and it 's a little less than warm out today . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry , '' he told me moving to unlock the passenger side door . 
 `` let 's get going . 
 you missed a truly lousy weather week . '' 
 `` early spring cold front ? '' 
 i asked . 
 those are not uncommon where we live . 
 `` massive , '' he stated . 
 `` there was sleet on wednesday . '' 
 `` not really sorry i missed that , '' i offered in return . 
 `` i 'm still not sure that the seasickness was worth it though . 
 the next time that derek has to back out of a trip with claire at the last minute , i think i 'll make her take aunt chessie with her . '' 
 `` so , are you trying to tell me that you just spent your whole week hanging out in your stateroom being indisposed ? '' 
 he had that look again . 
 he was still up to something , and that something was trying to get me to trip up and say something on which he could pounce . 
 i really do not know why we bother with the back and forth sometimes . 
 we both know each other too well for it to ever really work . 
 `` not at all , '' i replied . 
 `` copious amounts of medication had me mostly functional . 
 i did the whole pool and lounging thing with claire and all the attendant cruise show watching and dessert at odd hours stuff . 
 it was just a very , very bad idea to miss a dose . '' 
 `` i see , '' he said still fishing . 
 `` forgive my ignorance here , ash , what exactly does attendant cruise stuff entail ? '' 
 `` are you fishing for something in particular , aaron ? '' 
 i countered dropping all pretense between us that i did not know exactly what he was doing . 
 `` claire called me , '' he told me giving me a disapproving look as he did so . 
 `` would you have told me what happened if she had n't ? '' 
 `` traitor , '' i muttered under my breath . 
 my cousin is almost as much of a busy body as our aunt chessie when it comes to certain topics . 
 `` it may have come up at some point . '' 
 i told him honestly -- most things that one of us knows that the other does not tend to come out at one point or another . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 we do have our secrets -lrb- even if they are rather few and far between -rrb- . 
 `` that your little amateur sleuthing habit has blown up into something far bigger than it should be while leading you into dangerous situations ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` did n't i tell you back at the wedding that this was something that you could not let go to your head where you would think that it was okay ? '' 
 `` i was not doing any amateur sleuthing . '' 
 i declared frowning back at him . 
 i had not been . 
 the whole thing on the ship had been strictly accidental . 
 `` i was not doing any sleuthing of any kind . 
 i was minding my own business on what had the potential to be the worst vacation in the -lrb- admittedly somewhat lacking in length -rrb- history of my vacation taking all because my cousin and her husband are stubborn and have cross scheduling issues . '' 
 `` and yet there was crime solving , '' he reminded me -lrb- as if i was not already all too aware of that fact -rrb- . 
 `` it dropped right into my lap , aaron ! '' 
 i exclaimed suddenly realizing that he was still standing outside the open passenger side door instead of moving around to the driver 's side . 
 i pulled the door shut , and he glared at me the whole time he made his way around the front to his own side of the car . 
 there was no reason for glaring . 
 it was silly for him to be standing there like that when we could have the same conversation inside the car with all of the doors closed and the heater running . 
 `` what was i supposed to do ? '' 
 i asked him after he was sitting . 
 `` and , so help me , if you start prattling on about the proper authorities , i will hit you over the head with your present -- whenever we stop so that i can get it out of my bag in the trunk . '' 
 `` you can not keep doing this ! '' 
 he hissed at me . 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you ? '' 
 `` i seem to recall you telling me that we made a really good team back at the ll christmas party , '' i chose to remind him . 
 `` there was no team this time , was there ? '' 
 he countered . 
 `` you did n't even let claire know what you were up to , did you ? '' 
 he amended that statement before i could comment . 
 `` okay , i retract that last part , '' he said . 
 `` not attempting to include claire in your little adventure was about the only logical thing that you did do . '' 
 `` i was n't doing anything , '' i stressed . 
 `` i was just rushing back to my room because i needed another dose of my meds because claire had gotten us all hung up at the ... no , '' i cut myself off from telling the story . 
 `` no , '' i repeated . 
 `` i am not going to defend this to you . 
 sometime , if you want to actually hear the story , i will be happy to share it with my best friend . 
 i am not going to spill copious amounts of information for deputy rawles just because he has gotten on his high horse about how i 'm supposed to pretend that i do n't notice crimes when they are going down right in front of me . '' 
 it was a little harsh , but it was an accurate assessment . 
 sometimes , aaron tries so hard to keep official aaron and kid who grew up in granville bay and knows everyone aaron separate that he loses track of where the edges are blurry . 
 that is most often apparent when he is getting on my case about something that he believes his official duty self should not be encouraging . 
 `` ashley , you know that i 'm just ... , '' he tried in a calmer tone . 
 `` overprotective , demanding , completely out of bounds ? '' 
 i suggested offering him a smile to let him know that i was less angry and more frustrated with our pattern of heatedly disagreeing with each other on that particular topic . 
 `` i was going to say concerned about you , '' he shot me a glare that did not have much in the way of vehemence backing it . 
 `` all of the above then , '' i told him . 
 `` would it be possible to actually start the car now ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` we are supposed to get home today . 
 i have to go water claire 's plants , '' i added . 
 `` do you think we could just stop on the way ? 
 then , i wo n't have to get back out in this again . '' 
 what can i say ? 
 i am a planner , and i can multitask my conversations . 
 `` it 's not even that cold out , ash . '' 
 `` tropics , '' i said with a shrug . 
 `` where was claire going ? '' 
 he asked finally actually starting his car . 
 `` to meet derek somewhere in spain , '' i answered . 
 `` so , i 'm thinking she saw me to my plane and was calling you before i even made it off the runway , '' i reflected on the timing of her ratting me out to aaron . 
 although , in claire 's case , she would have seen it less as ratting out and more as bragging . 
 you would have to know my cousin to understand . 
 `` and her plants have been neglected while you were on this trip with her ? '' 
 he asked frowning at me . 
 claire has a couple of houseplants that she tends to treat as if they were children rather than plants . 
 the truth is that they are from her parents ' funeral , so the situation is a little less odd than it initially sounds . 
 `` she had one of the teenagers in the neighborhood checking up on things , but i have been instructed to check on them as my first priority on returning . '' 
 i offered . 
 `` you 're pouting , '' he observed suddenly . 
 `` not about claire , about me calling you out on being reckless , '' he clarified in case i was not keeping up with him . 
 `` you 're being a complete brat about this and you have n't even let me speak yet . 
 the very least you could do is to hear me out before you start going into the shutdown mode where you pretend like nothing i say actually matters . '' 
 `` of course what you say matters , aaron , '' i assured him . 
 i could not say that i had not been doing a little bit of pouting . 
 claire thinking she needed to make the phone call to aaron was annoying , and aaron doing his i know what you are getting yourself into better than you do routine wears on me . 
 `` i would n't get ticked off about it if i did n't care what you had to say about it in the first place . '' 
 `` you still do n't listen , '' he pointed out . 
 `` they were sloppy , '' i stated throwing my hands up in the air as if i had just revealed some sort of capital offense . 
 it was a dramatic gesture , and i do not usually make those . 
 i had likely spent entirely too much time with claire while we were on that ship . 
 `` you could n't mind your own business because they were sloppy ? '' 
 he asked sounding like he did not know whether to yell at me or laugh at me . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 `` if you saw a series of incidents that led you to put two and two together because a couple of petty criminals did n't take enough pride in their work to be thorough about their wrong doings , you would n't ignore it either . '' 
 i insisted . 
 `` first , '' he stated finally moving on from starting up the car to shifting it into reverse so he could back out of the parking space . 
 `` i happen to be a professional -- something that you might have forgotten that you are not . 
 second , '' he declared as he wound our way out of the parking garage . 
 `` i can not believe you just uttered a sentence implying that criminals should care enough or have enough pride in what they are doing to do a better job . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant , '' i huffed folding my arms across my chest and slouching down further into the seat . 
 `` i ca n't not fix things , aaron . 
 it 's what i do . 
 it 's part of how i 'm wired . 
 you already know that . 
 i used to think that you liked that about me -- that it was one of the reasons that we 've stayed friends for so long . '' 
 `` i do like that about you , ash , '' he conceded -lrb- or reassured me , it was difficult to tell which -rrb- . 
 `` this , however , is not the same thing as chairing committees or knitting projects or teaching or any of the other things that you do to fix things that you see are broken . 
 those things do n't end with you in altercations with armed criminals . '' 
 `` overdramatic claire , '' i muttered . 
 `` i have not been in any altercations with armed criminals -- not unless you count a room service tray , which while not exactly pleasant to have swung at you , is hardly a call for near death experience stress therapy to commence any time soon . '' 
 `` are you trying to make me go grey early ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 i noticed that his fingers were gripping the steering wheel far more tightly than necessary . 
 claire had not , of course , shared that part about the room service tray swinging because she had not known about it . 
 he still should not be looking quite so shocked . 
 knowing that that was what had happened had to be better than whatever speculating he had been doing based on the vague `` armed criminals '' claire must have used in her version of the story . 
 it was time for a tension breaker . 
 `` it looks good on your dad , '' i offered . 
 `` yeah , '' aaron sputtered looking a little green even as the grip his fingers had on the wheel loosened . 
 `` if you were trying to get me to change the subject , the thought of you pondering what looks good on my dad was so not the way to go . '' 
 `` well , it does , '' i defended -- not that i devote much of my time to examining the attractiveness level of aaron 's father . 
 it just happened to be a topic of conversation that had come up before on two or three -lrb- or maybe a few more occasions -rrb- . 
 a topic of conversation that , i will add , was not started by me . 
 `` potentially awkward conversational pitfall right there that we are going to very carefully step around , '' aaron shuddered the same way that he had when i had implied that he better back off the topic of cruise ship food before i got more explicit in my explanation of my motion sickness and its aftermath . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 i am perfectly willing to admit that the way he was getting all uncomfortable about the topic was a little amusing . 
 `` seriously ? 
 all i did was imply that your father looks distinguished with that touch of silver at his temples and you are sitting over there about to gag because why ? 
 ` cause i know that your dad is a guy ? '' 
 `` so not listening right now , '' he said looking over at me and starting to hum . 
 clearly , my questioning of his age had not made an adequate impression . 
 `` yeah , well , could you maybe keep your eyes on the road while you are doing that not listening ? '' 
 i retorted . 
 `` for someone who claims to be opposed to me being in potentially dangerous situations ... , '' i started . 
 `` seriously , ash , '' he said in the tone of someone confessing something . 
 `` i can not sit through another lecture about the attractiveness level of my dad . '' 
 `` another lecture ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 there was a story there . 
 `` you 've listened to a lecture about the attractiveness level of your dad before ? 
 clearly , i was not a part of this conversation . 
 i would so remember that . 
 with whom did you have this conversation ? '' 
 i paused . 
 `` did your mother emotionally scar you ? '' 
 i had trouble picturing that . 
 aaron 's mother really is not much in the way of being a gusher . 
 `` not my mom , '' he shuddered again . 
 `` really there are massively disturbing flashbacks going through my head right now . '' 
 `` this is kind of an over the top freak out for a topic of this kind . '' 
 i observed . 
 `` chessie , '' he stated letting his eyes leave the road again for the moment as he watched what i am sure was a look of understanding light up my features . 
 `` oh , '' i replied . 
 that made more sense . 
 `` yeah , feel free to continue to freak out . 
 i can see where that would leave you in distress . 
 i was a little weirded out myself , and he 's not my dad . '' 
 i admitted . 
 apparently , aaron 's previous experience with the topic of conversation and my previous experience with the topic of conversation had the same source . 
 `` wait , '' he sounded less disturbed and more suspicious . 
 `` chessie has had this conversation with you ? 
 is there something i should know ? 
 should i start checking to make sure chessie is n't stalking my father ? '' 
 `` i think that is probably not necessary , '' i might have added a slight inflection on the word probably . 
 `` she claims that she was ogling him for scientific purposes . '' 
 `` as creepy as i find the use of the word ogle in reference to my dad to be , and as much as i know that i am going to regret saying these words , i think i have to ask . '' 
 `` chessie was being chessie , '' i answered . 
 as strange as that may seem , it was actually a completely reasonable answer . 
 `` i was being given a dissertation on how you will probably age well . 
 your dad was being used as the main example as a donor to your genetics . '' 
 `` it bothers me that i have no difficulty believing that that conversation happened . 
 do i want to know how it ended ? '' 
 `` typical chessie , '' i offered with a small laugh . 
 `` just because you are likely to retain the qualification of hot well into your fifties is no reason for me to continue to put off the inevitable . '' 
 `` is it possible to be disturbed and flattered at the same time ? '' 
 he inquired sounding genuinely confused as to which one should take precedence . 
 `` happens to me with aunt chessie all of the time -- with claire as well for that matter , '' i told him . 
 `` my family is a bizarre mixture of bluntly opinionated , randomly observant , and strangely insightful all at the same time . 
 you 've been around long enough to have figured that out . '' 
 `` what i obviously have not been around enough to figure out is how to get you to stop meddling in potentially dangerous things and mind your own business . '' 
 just like that he had brought the conversation around to within his original parameters . 
 my best friend is stubborn like that . 
 it is an endearing quality sometimes . 
 at other times , it sort of grates on my nerves . 
 `` meddling ? '' 
 i asked torn between sounding irritated and giving in to the compulsion to laugh at the mental image that his choice of phrasing had conjured in my head . 
 `` have you been watching scooby doo reruns again , aaron ? 
 because not to be cliché , but those people on the boat would totally have gotten away with it if it were n't for this meddlesome blonde -- and i did n't even have a talking dog in tow . '' 
 `` not funny , '' he insisted trying to sound stern and failing . 
 `` kind of funny , '' i insisted watching him fight off his inclination to smile . 
 `` kind of arrogant , '' he countered . 
 on some people , that might have worked . 
 i have spent my entire life learning to live with and around both claire and our aunt chessie . 
 being accused of being arrogant does not bother me in the least . 
 `` the fact that this was like the fourth voyage on which they pulled this same operation belies that assumption , '' i offered in counter in turn . 
 they had been sloppy , but they had also been sloppy because they were dealing with a group of potential victims that were too focused on being on vacation to pay much attention to the details around them . 
 i have no doubt that they would eventually have crossed paths with someone observant enough or in the right place at the right time to catch them out . 
 it just would not have happened on that particular voyage if it had not been for me . 
 `` i do n't like it . '' 
 aaron said -lrb- sounding a little petulant to my mind -rrb- . 
 `` yes , '' i responded in kind . 
 `` because i 'm deeply ecstatic every time that you go off to do something that might potentially end with someone shooting at you ? '' 
 `` it 's not the same . '' 
 i had heard him say it before . 
 it made about as much of an impression on me on that occasion as it had on any of the previous occasions upon which he had used it as an argument . 
 `` you 're right , it is n't , '' i agreed . 
 `` i 'm not doing it every day . 
 i only handle things that drop themselves in my lap -- i 'm not going out actively looking for them . 
 how many times are we going to have the same conversation with minor variations , aaron ? 
 because we could just both announce that our positions have remained unchanged , leave it at that , and save ourselves like a thirty minute circular discourse that really wo n't serve any purpose . '' 
 `` how much jeopardy were you actually in ? '' 
 he finally asked me . 
 `` less than the peril inherent in doing something to get on claire 's bad side , '' i quipped . 
 he took his eyes off the road again to glare at me . 
 he needs to find a new facial expression to use ; that one gets old . 
 `` i was n't , aaron , '' i tried to assure him . 
 `` i know you think i downplay , but the odds of me actually ending up injured were really slim to none . 
 they were thieves by stealth -- physical altercations were out of their purview . 
 the whole tray thing was just an impulse reaction by someone who knew she was cornered . 
 plus , she missed . '' 
 `` you want me to believe that the only thing in potential jeopardy was claire 's good jewelry , '' he replied . 
 i knew he was reaching for something to say as he tried to maintain the agree to disagree distance from the event that i had set as terms . 
 `` that would have been a bit difficult given that her good jewelry is all safely locked up at her house , '' i answered taking the chance on getting our discourse on a different track altogether . 
 it was still a very long ride home . 
 `` you were on a cruise , '' aaron sounded disbelieving for some reason , `` the kind where you dress up for dinner . '' 
 `` good jewelry does n't travel , '' i responded out of habit . 
 i was almost certain that i had told him that before on more than one occasion . 
 `` that 's you , '' he argued . 
 `` we 're talking about claire . '' 
 `` claire does n't travel with good jewelry , '' i told him wondering just what it was about the concept he was having difficulty processing . 
 `` she takes costume just like i do . '' 
 `` claire owns costume jewelry ? '' 
 he snorted before glancing over in my direction . 
 `` you 're serious , '' he sounded surprised . 
 `` claire actually wears costume jewelry ? '' 
 `` is there a reason that you seem to be struggling so much with this idea ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he was being weird . 
 `` it 's claire , '' he insisted as though it were an obvious answer . 
 i realized , at that point , that it was an obvious answer for him . 
 that claire would always use costume jewelry when traveling was just a given for me . 
 from an outside perspective -lrb- which would apply to aaron in that particular instance even though it did not apply to aaron most of the time -rrb- , i could see how claire 's general demeanor could make the costume jewelry thing seem a little farfetched . 
 `` we both learned our travel rules from aunt chessie , '' i explained . 
 `` you never put anything in a suitcase that you are n't willing to lose . '' 
 `` it 's a pity she did n't put some sort of stress on your personal safety in those lessons , '' he muttered . 
 i just cleared my throat . 
 `` does my friend aaron want to hear the actual story or not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he rolled his eyes and sighed . 
 `` he does . '' 
 `` it really all started because i was so seasick . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ mistake `` liz is absolutely devastated , '' i whispered to aaron . 
 the whispering might not have been strictly necessary , but there were still enough people around that i did not want to take any chances . 
 `` she was borderline hysterical -- luckily , it did n't start until the paramedics confirmed that patrice was in anaphylactic shock , and she still had enough presence of mind to get herself out of the room and out of the way . 
 i found her in the kitchen staring at the prep trays muttering ` i 've killed her ' over and over again . '' 
 i paused as we both waved goodbye to mrs. whitmore and her granddaughter kelly as they made their way to the door . 
 `` she 's not coping well . 
 lesley took her home . 
 neither one of us thought she was in any condition to be driving . '' 
 i took a deep breath and hoped that aaron was in the same frame of mind that he had been in during the ll christmas party and not the frame of mind he still got into whenever the subject of claire 's wedding was mentioned . 
 `` it would probably be best if we figure this out as soon as possible . '' 
 `` figure this out ? '' 
 he repeated the words very carefully as if he were rolling them around on his tongue . 
 he had not , at least , jumped immediately to dismissive , so that was a point in my favor . 
 `` i saw the trays as she set them up , aaron , '' i started to explain still keeping my voice lowered . 
 `` i helped her move them . 
 i know how careful she was about keeping things segregated . 
 we always are , '' i told him . 
 we have to be . 
 when you have someone with known food allergies attending meetings where everyone is carrying in food , you sort of have to make a point of knowing what has what in it and keeping the potential problem items where they are supposed to be . 
 `` i did n't know about mrs. epstein 's allergy , but everyone in the building knew that maisy west is allergic to peanuts . 
 anything like that is always on a tray by itself at the far end of the table with a label -- always , '' i stressed . 
 it has been our standard safety protocol for a couple of years already -- no one was likely to forget . 
 `` and it was , aaron , i saw it . '' 
 i had , actually , not merely seen it . 
 i had taped the sign to the tray for liz . 
 `` so , '' aaron began -lrb- and i could tell that he was trying very hard to think of a way to prevent the conversation we were having from continuing down the path that i was taking it -rrb- . 
 `` maybe something accidently touched something else in the kitchen . 
 things happen , ash , you need to stop looking for intention behind everything that happens around you . '' 
 that , in my opinion , was a little unfair on aaron 's part . 
 i do not run around accusing my friends and neighbors of intentionally inflicting harm on a regular basis . 
 `` if it had been maisy west in that ambulance , '' i offered , `` i might have been willing to buy that explanation -- even though i am stressing to you right now that that was incredibly unlikely to have occurred . 
 the trays were n't even on the same counter . 
 the odds of patrice epstein ending up going into anaphylactic shock over that kind of cross contamination are equally unlikely . '' 
 `` you just said that you did n't even know that she had an allergy , '' aaron argued as if it meant that what i was saying did not make any sense . 
 `` exactly , '' i attempted to clarify , `` which is why i started asking questions . '' 
 `` extremely upsetting day , traumatic experience , ashley starts interrogating the spectators before their wits return to them -- you 're going to get a reputation as being no fun at parties at this rate . '' 
 he tried to joke . 
 aaron , upon occasion , tries to use humor to deflect me in conversation . 
 i will admit that there are times when it works -lrb- and even times when it is an entirely appropriate response -rrb- . 
 this was not one of those times . 
 `` would you be serious ? '' 
 i chided . 
 `` would you be a little less paranoid ? '' 
 he countered . 
 i , for the record , am not paranoid . 
 it just so happens that i pay attention to the people around me . 
 you discover a lot of potentially disturbing things in addition to all of the wonderful to hear ones when you are an unobtrusive good listener . 
 `` if i did n't have a reason to be , i would n't . '' 
 `` well , by the same token , '' he gave me one of his exasperated looks , `` i 'll take this seriously when you finally spit out why it is that you 're taking this so seriously -- not that the accident was n't serious , mind you , but she 's going to be fine , and you all will be more careful next time . '' 
 `` next time , '' i let the words roll around my tongue as i considered them for a moment . 
 a next time was exactly what i was afraid of there being . 
 `` i wonder if he is uncreative enough to try the same method again . '' 
 i pondered out loud . 
 `` he ? '' 
 aaron repeated . 
 `` you are making absolutely no sense , ash . 
 i 'm starting to think that you 're the one having a case of hysterics , not liz . '' 
 `` i do n't have hysterics , aaron , '' i refuted . 
 he knows me much better than that . 
 `` would you let me talk for maybe two minutes together without interrupting me ? '' 
 i did have a point -lrb- although in all fairness i was stalling a little bit as i tried to figure out the best way to get him to take what i was going to tell him seriously -rrb- . 
 `` i make no promises . '' 
 `` sylvie st. clair , '' i stated . 
 `` and ... ? '' 
 he challenged . 
 `` i knew you were going to interrupt anyway ; i figured that i would give you a reason to do it . '' 
 i told him deciding that i would just jump in with the basics of the facts without trying to do any more gentle leading up to them . 
 `` she 's mrs. epstein 's best friend . 
 she 's the one who knew that we would n't find an epipen in her purse because patrice does n't carry one . 
 and she does n't carry one because she 's never had that severe of a reaction before . 
 she 's always broken out in a rash is what mrs. st. clair said . '' 
 `` so , '' aaron -lrb- i could tell -rrb- was still hanging on to the hope that he could derail my train of thought , `` this time that old commentary about how allergic reactions get worse and worse the more you 're exposed caught up to her . 
 or , it was n't peanuts at all . 
 there was something else in one of the things that she had eaten that she did n't even know she was allergic to -- all roads lead back to accident . '' 
 `` i 'm not telling you that it 's absolutely impossible for either of those things to have happened , '' i told him reasonably . 
 `` i 'm just saying that they are not high on the list of probable occurrences . '' 
 `` and you think foul play is ? '' 
 i do not care for it much when he gets all stubborn like he was being -lrb- aaron with his heels dug in is rather a pain -rrb- . 
 he should know well enough that i would not have even brought up the topic if i did not have a solid reason for considering the possibility . 
 despite aaron 's assertions to the contrary , i do actually prefer that my life not keep ending up entangled in drama -- having claire and aunt chessie in my family provides me with quite enough of that already . 
 `` the allergy details are n't the only thing mrs. st. clair told me . '' 
 i informed him putting my thoughts in order for how i wanted to lay everything out for him . 
 `` why do you always have to dig , ash ? '' 
 he sounded disappointed . 
 `` the woman was upset . '' 
 `` she said it was patrice 's third emergency room visit because of an accident this month . '' 
 i told him getting precisely the response that i thought i would . 
 `` okay , now you have my attention properly , '' he conceded . 
 professional aaron had swallowed up friend aaron like someone had flipped a switch . 
 `` details . '' 
 `` the hand rail on her front steps had come loose , and she took a fall . 
 she twisted her ankle and scraped up her arm , but she was otherwise fine . 
 the second one was not as simple -- she has that pond out back of her house where she keeps fish that she feeds . 
 she has this little platform out over the water that she uses so she can toss food out where it is deeper , and the edge broke off while she was doing it . 
 she took a dunking , and she needed stitches in her arm where she caught it on the edge when she fell . '' 
 `` those could be regular household accidents , '' aaron offered , but i could hear the way he was weighing the possibilities in his tone . 
 `` she 's an older woman , and she probably does n't keep up with repairs and upkeep like she should . '' 
 `` she ca n't swim . '' 
 i responded . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` it 's something else mrs. st. clair said , '' i elaborated . 
 `` that it was lucky that patrice grabbed the dock because she ca n't swim , and she was n't sure that she would have been able to get her feet under her back in the shallows if she had n't been able to use the edge of the dock to help get her there . '' 
 `` ashley , '' there was a warning in the way he said my name . 
 i knew exactly what it was because i have heard it before . 
 `` i know exactly what you want to say to me , aaron , '' i responded to his tone . 
 i did know ; i had been running everything through a filter in my head since mrs. st. clair first started her nervous rambling while we waited on the ambulance . 
 `` i 've said it all to myself . 
 the odds of her getting seriously hurt from a fall down her front steps are slim . 
 it 's the same for her actually managing to drown in her pond , but it 's just as unlikely for her with her minor allergy to have this serious of a reaction from some case of cross contamination . 
 that 's a whole lot of stuff in a very short period of time , and all together it just feels ... , '' i trailed off indecisive about what word i wanted to employ . 
 `` wrong ? '' 
 aaron filled in for me . 
 he is good at that when he wants to be . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i agreed . 
 `` i get why you feel that way , '' he sounded like all pretense of trying to tell me that i was imaging things was over . 
 i appreciated that -- maybe we could start actually getting somewhere . 
 `` i 'm willing to admit that it 's an awful lot of coincidence , but if she thought anything was out of the ordinary , then she would report it . '' 
 `` would she ? '' 
 i challenged . 
 `` i 'm telling you in the strictest of confidence that with the number of times that the station has fielded calls from that woman about random things she 's noticed in town that she 's deemed suspicious that if she thought someone was out to get her , then i would have already heard about it . '' 
 he tried to assure me . 
 i did not tell him that there was no `` strictest of confidence '' about it . 
 the whole town knew that patrice epstein had the police on her speed dial because she made a habit of telling everyone about how they never followed up on her reports properly . 
 `` i ca n't help what it looks like . '' 
 i told him . 
 `` which from your point of view is that somebody is executing a series of non-suspicious in and of themselves ` accidents ' to see if they happen to get lucky and one of them takes . '' 
 `` it 's good to know that you 're on the same page . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be on the same page , '' he hissed at me . 
 he does that -lrb- he , of course , objects to the use of the word hiss , but it is completely accurate as a description -rrb- . 
 `` i do n't want you on the page to begin with . 
 is there any chance at all that you 'll humor me and leave the page ? 
 stop looking at it ; stop thinking about it . 
 do n't do anything with it . '' 
 `` and just hope that i do n't have to feel guilty for the rest of my life when she ends up murdered ? '' 
 i inquired incredulously . 
 `` my life would be so much simpler if you would just be less observant . '' 
 he stated with a sigh . 
 `` your captain happens to not share that opinion , '' i chose to remind him . 
 `` i still have n't forgiven him for that . '' 
 it was true . 
 aaron did not seem to believe that the fact that things had ended well -lrb- and that i had been legitimately helpful in the process -rrb- was enough to overcome his displeasure that i had , for once , been `` officially '' involved in one of his investigations . 
 `` we were fine . '' 
 `` people like cal crestwick have long memories , ash . '' 
 he responded . 
 it was not a necessary reminder . 
 i know exactly what people like cal crestwick are like . 
 sometimes , i suspect that i know it better than he does despite the fact that aaron is the one who was professionally trained . 
 `` that requires there to be something to remember , '' i countered . 
 in the case of cal crestwick , there should be no reason for anyone to ever realize that aaron and i had even been involved . 
 `` what he does n't know , does n't come back to bite us . 
 unless you 've been going around sharing details that i 'm unaware of ? '' 
 `` you know i have n't . '' 
 he groused . 
 that was a sure sign that i almost had him on my side . 
 he is really fond of the `` i am only doing this very grudgingly '' pretense when he gets backed into a corner . 
 `` so , back to the matter at hand , and do n't even give me the pontification about official channels because you 've already told me that there are no reasons for official channels to get involved . '' 
 i decided to head off the next argument before he had a chance to voice it . 
 there are decided advantages to knowing someone as well as aaron and i know each other . 
 those provide a nice counter to all of the annoyances that go along with knowing someone as well as aaron and i know each other . 
 `` i hate this , '' he muttered . 
 `` you so chose the wrong line of work then , '' i quipped . 
 `` i meant you always being in the middle of this stuff , and you know it . '' 
 `` technically , '' i offered in clarification , `` i 've only been in the middle of this stuff like three times . '' 
 `` that 's three times too many , '' he was still muttering . 
 i chose to ignore it and bring the conversation back to the matter at hand . 
 `` there 's philip , of course , but my admiration for a good mystery novel kind of balks at anything so obvious . '' 
 you do not have to tell me that my words sounded rather callous . 
 i knew that even as i was saying them . 
 `` her nephew , philip ? '' 
 aaron sounded confused . 
 `` that would be the one , '' i agreed . 
 `` what do you know that i do n't know ? '' 
 he questioned still looking confused . 
 i just raised an eyebrow and looked at him . 
 `` about philip , '' he huffed . 
 i smiled at him . 
 disturbing as the whole situation was , there was no reason to let aaron get all stressed and broody over it . 
 he does entirely too much of that . 
 he needs more humor in his life -- my kind , not the teasing kind he directs at me -lrb- there is plenty of that already -rrb- . 
 `` he 's going to find himself in a whole lot of trouble when his aunt dies . '' 
 `` which would seem counterintuitive to the realm of making him a suspect ? '' 
 aaron stated in half question form . 
 `` you would think that , '' i agreed . 
 `` the trouble is that philip does n't seem to realize that he 's going to be in a whole lot of trouble when his aunt dies . '' 
 `` details , ash , '' my best friend reminded me . 
 `` you always gloss over the details . '' 
 `` patrice absolutely dotes on him , '' i began . 
 that is fairly common knowledge in the circles in which i run -- aaron is a little less hooked in to the little old lady brigades and their rumor mills . 
 `` she thinks he 's this wonderful , brilliant mind who is busy in that workshop of his creating inventions that are revolutionizing a variety of fields . '' 
 `` is that what he 's doing in his workshop ? '' 
 aaron sounded genuinely curious . 
 `` hardly , '' i dismissed that idea . 
 `` and you know this how ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` honestly , aaron , '' i said letting a little agitation creep in to my tone , `` you would think that you would learn to be a little less oblivious to the things that people in this town say given your career . '' 
 `` i 'm supposed to be a better police officer by keeping in tune with the local gossip network ? '' 
 he scoffed . 
 he should not do that . 
 he knows very well that the local gossip network has provided his coworkers -lrb- and himself -rrb- with appropriate information on more than one occasion . 
 he just does not like to admit it . 
 `` i have two words for you , aaron -- lady lunchers . '' 
 `` point conceded . '' 
 he muttered turning just a bit red in the face . 
 `` i do n't know what is in philip 's workshop , '' i stated trying to get things back on track . 
 aaron and i tend to derail quite a bit when we are speaking to each other . 
 `` i do know the kind of people who go in and out of it -- no , i 'm not telling you right now , you 'll get distracted from the matter at hand , '' i responded to the look he was giving me . 
 he could go investigate philip and his potentially nefarious workshop dealings another time . 
 `` he 's not inventing anything . 
 he 's all talk . 
 he also likes to borrow money -- lots of it . 
 he 'll set up terms to buy something or have some sort of work done on something . 
 when the time comes to sign the paperwork , he 's never the one whose name goes on the dotted line . '' 
 `` patrice ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i concurred . 
 `` no one ever gets paid , and people have started to catch on to the bait and switch thing that he has going . 
 most of the town is in the know , and philip 's getting cut off before he can start his wheedling . '' 
 `` why is n't anyone pushing the getting paid issue ? '' 
 aaron questioned . 
 `` why do n't i already know about this ? '' 
 `` it 's one of those everybody knows but nobody talks about it things . '' 
 aaron always seems to manage to be out of the loop on those . 
 i have never figured out quite how that happens . 
 `` no one pushes the payment issue because they all like patrice ; they do n't want to stress her out . 
 she 's a widow on limited means who happens to have a really nice home . 
 that 's all there is . 
 philip does n't believe it . 
 he 's always complaining about how she 's holding out on him . 
 he thinks he 's going to be set when she goes . 
 what he 's going to be facing are a whole stack of liens against the estate for payment due on all of the things he 's gotten her to sign off on over the years . '' 
 `` and his lack of knowledge and want of money make him the obvious person to scrutinize should anything suspicious happen to his aunt . '' 
 `` except , '' i conceded , `` as you pointed out , there is n't anything inherently suspicious about an older woman falling on some steps or having an allergic reaction or not having kept up with the upkeep on a dock on her pond . 
 at least , until you put them all together or you pay attention to the details on each one . '' 
 `` i 'm not mocking your assertions , ash , '' aaron told me holding up his hands in a surrendering sort of a gesture . 
 `` you 're making perfect sense , but that does n't change the facts . '' 
 `` which are ? '' 
 i prodded . 
 `` that there 's not really anything that you can do about it . '' 
 he sounded wary of saying the words as if he was not sure how i might react to hearing them . 
 i frowned at him . 
 he should know better . 
 in fact , he does know better . 
 he just gets his heart set on trying to stall the inevitable sometimes . 
 `` do n't look at me like that , '' he responded to the look i was giving him . 
 `` what do you think that you are going to do ? 
 go running off to confront philip , get in his face , and demand to know if he is attempting to kill his aunt ? '' 
 `` i 'm not an idiot , aaron . '' 
 i rolled my eyes at him . 
 `` no , '' he said suddenly using his tone of command voice . 
 i do not like that tone . 
 it grates on my nerves . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he was still using that tone . 
 `` i 'm serious , ashley , '' he continued in a slightly less commanding manner . 
 `` this is out of bounds for you . 
 this is n't something that you can ask some questions about and pull some answers from the members of one of your groups . 
 this is n't something that you can produce decades of gossip about from chessie 's cronies and piece together into what you want to know . 
 it 's not something that you have an in with or even a situation that you can steer from the background like the susan ryan debacle . 
 you ca n't confront patrice epstein 's nephew and make accusations . '' 
 `` i already reminded you that i 'm not an idiot , aaron . 
 i 'm not going to confront philip marks . '' 
 that would be pointless without any leverage to use against him , and that was not something that i had -- not for a direct confrontation anyway . 
 besides , direct confrontations tend to not be my style -lrb- the necessity of adlibbing a bit while trapped on a cruise ship aside -- completely different story -rrb- . 
 `` that does n't mean that there are n't questions that i 'm in a position to answer . '' 
 `` i 'm going to regret asking . '' 
 aaron commented -lrb- essentially asking without coming right out and saying so -rrb- . 
 `` the allergy attack , aaron , '' i reminded . 
 `` there should n't have been any reason for that to happen . 
 if what looks like it may be happening is happening , then the allergy attack was planned . 
 that means that philip had to have access somehow , but he should n't have . 
 he was n't here -- to the best of my knowledge . 
 there should n't have been any way for him to have made that happen . '' 
 when i got no response to my assertion from my best friend , i continued . 
 `` which makes it the perfect opportunity if it was him . '' 
 `` i am a detective , ash , '' he rolled his eyes at me as if i had just stated something obvious . 
 i had just stated something obvious , but i had only done so because he was being unresponsive . 
 `` i do do this for a living . '' 
 `` that leaves the question of how , '' i commented drifting back to my own thoughts . 
 `` i ca n't figure that out . '' 
 it will sound arrogant if i admit that that was bothering me as much as it was , but that was the case . 
 i do not like not knowing things . 
 plus , the patrice epstein theory made sense to me because i knew that there had to have been some sort of deliberate cross contamination at our luncheon . 
 there was just no way for me to reconcile in my head that someone with the generally mild to moderate allergic reaction that mrs. epstein was supposed to have would end up with her throat swelling shut just because something touched something that it should not have during the course of the luncheon . 
 to my way of thinking , she must have actually ingested something containing an awful lot of peanuts , and there were no circumstances that i could come up with in my head for that to have occurred that did not involve deliberate tampering . 
 `` or you can find out that it did n't happen . '' 
 aaron was telling me . 
 he was right , and i was worried about that for the simple reason that if it was not philip marks taking a chance at dispatching his aunt , then someone else had been trying to cause someone harm that day . 
 `` that as well . '' 
 i agreed only really half listening . 
 who ? 
 i could not think of anyone else . 
 people genuinely like patrice -lrb- despite her phone everything into the police habit -rrb- . 
 `` i ca n't talk you out of this , can i ? '' 
 i blinked at him trying to refocus on what he was saying . 
 `` do you really want to ? '' 
 i inquired skeptically . 
 `` oh , i want to , '' he assured me . 
 aaron takes his truth and justice very seriously . 
 he does , however , have certain hang ups -lrb- as you may have noticed -rrb- about me being involved in the justice subset of that duo . 
 `` i definitely want to . 
 i always want to talk you out of these things . 
 it just so happens that on this particular occasion i do n't think that i should , '' he admitted . 
 i just know that i was beaming at him when he said it . 
 it makes my life so much simpler when he is willing to just go with it instead of trying to block me . 
 `` i just need us to be clear that there will be no talking to philip marks . 
 if we find something ... and i 'm still stressing the if , then you let me do the following up on it . 
 you step back and let it go once there is something that can open up an official route . '' 
 `` do n't i always ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 he was being unfair again . 
 just because he does not always like the way i go about things is no reason for him to act like i am some sort of vigilante . 
 `` susan ryan . '' 
 he stated . 
 it was hardly a valid response in my opinion , but that was one situation on which he and i had never come to an agreement other than agreeing to disagree . 
 `` susan ryan was arrested by one of your coworkers , if you care to remember . '' 
 i stated frowning at him . 
 i sincerely hoped that he was not going to waste time rehashing what we had both declared to be a pointless argument . 
 `` what i remember is someone sticking her fingers in a pie that was n't hers to muck about with . '' 
 `` i 'll thank you to remember on this little trip down memory lane that that woman was plotting to steal a family heirloom that happens to belong to me , if i wanted to take precautions to prevent the theft of my personal property that is my business . '' 
 i challenged . 
 the two of us got into a bit of a glaring contest at that point -lrb- not an entirely unprecedented event -rrb- . 
 i was the one who ended it . 
 we had more pressing matters to which we needed to attend . 
 aaron went off to ask some questions -lrb- theoretically unobtrusively -rrb- to those still putting things away and cleaning up i presumed . 
 i admit that i did not pay a great deal of attention to what specifically he said he was going to be doing . 
 it had occurred to me that i might have the means to promote the end of any further `` accidents '' occurring to patrice at my disposal . 
 i just had to be very convincing . 
 i made a phone call . 
 `` hello , emma , '' i said into my cell phone when someone picked up at the number i had dialed . 
 `` it 's ashley easten . 
 i 'm sorry to bother you on a saturday afternoon , but i was wondering if i could speak to wallace . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i can not say that i was surprised when aaron caught up with me a little over a half hour later with a look on his face that clearly demonstrated that he expected me to be disappointed with whatever he had found . 
 i had been doing a lot of thinking since i had tried to clear my worry over patrice epstein 's safety out of my head , and i was very nearly convinced that her trip to the emergency room on this particular occasion really had been just an accident -lrb- for her anyway , she had only gotten in the way -rrb- . 
 i decided to head him off before he could tell me that there was nothing to suggest that philip marks had been anywhere near the luncheon . 
 `` what if we looked at this all wrong ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 his expression immediately changed to suspicious . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 he asked looking at me as though he thought i was going to backtrack on my earlier assertions of the incident not being an accident . 
 `` maisy , '' i told him . 
 it was the only information i had that made sense . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` philip marks is up to something , but he really had no possible way to get at the refreshments for today , '' i paused to give him the opportunity to jump in if i was wrong about that . 
 he did not . 
 `` but , the women who were here today , the ones who did have access to things and were in a position to mess with items on those trays for the most part did n't know that patrice epstein even had an allergy . 
 nearly everyone knows about maisy . 
 it 's why we go to all the trouble we do in the first place . '' 
 she advertises her allergy like it is some sort of badge of honor . 
 that was what i had been alluding to at the beginning of my conversation with aaron when i had told him that i would not have been so inclined to believe that something was up if it had been maisy who had been carted off in that ambulance . 
 she has a very severe allergy , and she has made everyone around her aware of it so vocally -lrb- and for so long -rrb- that she kind of expects everyone to check things for her instead of being overly vigilant about it herself . 
 `` which leaves us where ? '' 
 aaron asked me with his wheels in his head turning expression on his face . 
 `` we should n't be looking for a way that philip could have gotten at patrice , '' i offered in summation . 
 `` we should be looking for who would want to get at maisy . '' 
 `` you do realize that you 're suggesting that not only was there one person at your small town book club meeting today that had someone who was trying to kill her -- you 're suggesting that there were two . 
 do you realize how downright crazy that sounds ? '' 
 yes , i did actually realize how crazy that sounded . 
 that fact did not change the reality of the situation . 
 `` i do n't think that we should assume that someone was trying to kill maisy . '' 
 i settled on for my response . 
 people do stupid , unthinking things sometimes that get the people around them hurt , but i do not think that people walking around with the actual intention to kill are quite as common as all that . 
 i did not , at least , think that actual murder was the plan on this occasion . 
 i could , however , think of one reason why someone might want there to be a very sick maisy on that particular day . 
 `` you know something that i do n't know again . '' 
 he observed , and i realized that i had drifted off into my own thoughts . 
 `` do n't i always ? '' 
 i quipped . 
 `` do n't look like that , '' i interjected when he started to frown . 
 `` you know plenty of things that i do n't know . '' 
 `` whatever , '' he rolled his eyes . 
 `` you said everyone knows that maisy is crazy allergic . 
 someone deliberately giving her peanut products would have to know that they were taking a chance of killing her , '' he reasoned . 
 `` not necessarily , '' i tried . 
 `` people do n't always think things through very well . 
 most people have never actually seen someone who has gone into anaphylactic shock -- i had n't before today , '' i mentioned . 
 `` it 's sort of a nebulous thing , and maisy has always made such a big deal out of her allergy . 
 everyone knows she has her epipen on her at all times . 
 i could be wrong , but i do n't think that someone was thinking that she would actually die , '' i shrugged my shoulders to convey that i was not quite certain how to explain why i thought that . 
 `` i think they were thinking that a medical emergency would get her out of the way for a while . '' 
 `` this is the part where i ask out of the way of what and you launch into some sort of gossip sourced explanation that will once again make me wonder what is wrong with all of the people in this town . '' 
 he was muttering again . 
 he should really give up that habit . 
 it is n't as though i miss what he is saying when he does it . 
 `` that 's unkind , aaron , '' i think i may have sounded just the teensiest bit defensive . 
 `` we have a perfectly lovely hometown . '' 
 `` with more petty jealousies simmering underneath the surface than i 'm entirely comfortable knowing exist . '' 
 he disagreed . 
 `` it 's a relatively small town , '' i reminded him . 
 `` people can only get so far away from each other . 
 things build up ; people have long memories . 
 you could move somewhere else and run into the exact same thing . '' 
 `` focus , ash , '' he told me waving a hand in front of my face to break me out of my impassioned defense of where we lived . 
 `` you 're about to do your why someone has a grudge against maisy reveal . '' 
 `` i think it 's the pageant , '' i told him . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 he blinked at me . 
 `` the fair pageant is this afternoon/evening . '' 
 i glanced down at my watch . 
 `` actually , it started about a half hour ago . '' 
 `` the fair pageant ? '' 
 he asked as though it was taking him a moment to figure out what it was that i was talking about . 
 he blinked at me again . 
 `` you 're telling me that someone might have taken the chance of killing someone just to keep her from attending the fair pageant ? '' 
 he sounded deeply skeptical . 
 i suppose i should not blame him for that . 
 it is not really normal behavior , but it did make perfect sense -- in a disturbing , potential felon on our hands kind of a way . 
 `` not her , obviously , her daughter . '' 
 i responded becoming surer with each passing moment that i continued to run the facts through my head that that had to be the correct answer . 
 `` which one is she ? '' 
 `` chrissie , '' i replied . 
 `` she 's a contestant in the fair pageant . 
 maisy has not been exactly quiet about her bragging . 
 she 's had chrissie doing pageant circuits since she was a toddler . 
 there have been a lot of borderline snide comments about how her daughter was going to wipe the floor with the amateurs -- not that maisy phrased it quite that bluntly , '' i hurried to add when i saw the expression on aaron 's face . 
 `` of course , if her mother happened to be having a medical emergency and was in the hospital , chrissie might have skipped out completely or have been rattled enough that she would n't be able to successfully compete . '' 
 `` so , we have some sort of deranged pageant mother on our hands ? '' 
 he asked looking at me with his `` i do believe you , but i really would prefer that i did n't '' expression . 
 `` is that what you want me to believe ? '' 
 `` i do n't know for sure , '' i admitted . 
 `` it 's kind of the only scenario that fits the current facts as we know them , but that is n't a guarantee that that is what happened . 
 that 's what we need to find out . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 he was smirking at me . 
 he does that . 
 `` it could be just me if you prefer . '' 
 that wiped the smirk off of his face . 
 `` i prefer we , '' he insisted . 
 `` someone has to keep an eye on you . '' 
 `` i actually expected more of an argument -- at least some sort of a token one . '' 
 i eyed him speculatively . 
 `` maybe i 've learned my lesson , '' he shrugged . 
 `` you never back off when you should ; i figure i should just go with it . '' 
 `` plus , '' i added , `` you think that there 's a chance that i 'm right . '' 
 `` i think that you have an eerie knowledge of people in this town that makes it worth checking up on , '' he stated . 
 `` i happen to not be a fan of people who try to commit murder . '' 
 `` i told you i do n't think that the intention was for maisy to end up dead . '' 
 `` i know that , '' he answered , `` but i do n't think that makes it any better . 
 that means that we have someone on our hands who is running around doing things that could potentially kill someone and thinking that it 's somehow okay because they are n't actively trying to kill someone . 
 i 'm still debating as to whether or not that might actually be worse . '' 
 i did not offer any response to that . 
 i was busy trying to decide where i stood on that debate myself . 
 if i was correct , then the person in question had clearly been sloppy enough that patrice had gotten caught in the crossfire . 
 either there had been a major flaw in the execution of the plot , or the culprit had never considered -lrb- or cared -rrb- that other people might be harmed . 
 that was not a pleasant thought to ponder . 
 i shook it off -- i could analyze the psychology of it later . 
 `` two aunts , one grandmother , and a mom , '' i recited as i composed the list of people with connections to pageant entrants who had been in attendance in my head . 
 `` there was a godmother as well , but that feels like overreaching , '' i added . 
 `` you have any other insight on the potential suspects for me that you want to share ? '' 
 aaron asked me after i had gone silent again . 
 `` i 've got nothing . '' 
 i admitted frankly . 
 i could not recall anyone acting `` off '' or nervous . 
 everyone had been more or less at the ignore and avoid point with maisy 's comments -- even people who did not have any competitors in the pageant . 
 i , however , had not really been watching anyone very closely . 
 why should i have been ? 
 it was a book club luncheon . 
 it was not supposed to end in assaults over talking smack about a fair queen contest . 
 `` does that mean what i think it means ? '' 
 aaron sounded nervous . 
 that drew me out of my internal review of the day . 
 what did he have to be nervous about ? 
 `` if you think that it means that we 're going to have to crash the pageant , then yes , '' i replied . 
 it would be the obvious place to go to try to get further information . 
 -lrb- i was , at that point , not entirely convinced that we would necessarily be able to get any further information , but we had to try . 
 people should not just be able to do things like that and have no consequences . -rrb- 
 `` oh goody , teenagers attempting to be beauty queens , that 's just how i wanted to spend the rest of my day . '' 
 aaron was grousing . 
 `` the talent portion can be highly entertaining . '' 
 i offered still trying to figure out what aaron 's problem was -- besides the obvious . 
 `` oh , wow , '' he said looking like he had just remembered something . 
 `` i had totally forgotten that claire used to do those things . '' 
 `` used to ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` she 's on the committee . '' 
 `` so , we could just get information from claire instead of actually attending this pageant ? '' 
 he tried . 
 `` first , claire would want to know exactly why we were asking , '' i reminded him . 
 `` you can play off claire if you want to , '' he countered , `` i 've seen you do it plenty of times . '' 
 `` second , why are you so scared of the fair pageant ? '' 
 i did not really think he would give me an honest answer -- he can be odd about things like that , but it was worth a try . 
 `` i 'm not scared , '' he refuted . 
 `` i just think that you forget sometimes that absolutely everyone in this town knows exactly what i do . 
 if there is someone who is marginally panicking because her evil plan did n't work out the way she expected , then she is going to see police and clam up before you can do any digging . '' 
 `` which is part of why i know things that you do n't know . '' 
 `` i do realize that , ash , '' he told me with an eye roll . 
 `` i 'm not ignorant of the situation ; i just happen to not like it . '' 
 `` we 'll split things up , '' i offered . 
 `` i 'll do some subtle prying . 
 you keep an eye out and use those observational skills you 're supposedly trained in and figure out who is having an interior panic attack because a police officer with no previous interest in the event has shown up on the day of the execution of her plan of wrongdoing . 
 oh , '' i said as another thought occurred to me , `` that just might work . '' 
 `` you are way too excited about this . '' 
 he shook his head at me . 
 `` and you should probably be making a report at your office right now . '' 
 i reminded him . 
 `` there 's nothing to report , '' he declared . 
 `` not really . 
 we just have a lot of speculation and my best friend 's gut feeling . 
 that may be good enough for me , but it is n't the appropriate start for attempting to issue warrants . '' 
 `` chief tanner would probably take it under advisement . '' 
 i said with a smile . 
 i really did not say it to provoke aaron even though his slightly snippy response indicated that he thought i had . 
 `` maybe , '' he snapped before his voice drifted back to normal . 
 `` his hands are a little more tied by procedure than what you realize , but he does like you for some reason . 
 i ca n't think why . '' 
 he muttered the last bit . 
 `` it 's probably the cookies . '' 
 i teased . 
 someday , aaron was going to have to get over the fact that his chief had once called me in for assistance . 
 it was not as though it had become a regular state of affairs . 
 `` yes , ash , i 'm sure it 's the cookies . '' 
 he was smiling when he said it , so that was a good sign . 
 `` are you driving or am i ? '' 
 i asked grabbing my bag . 
 `` that was a silly question . '' 
 that was true . 
 aaron always does the driving . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` so , '' he offered as he was dropping me off at my car after the end of our rather interesting trip to the fair pageant . 
 `` that was a good hunch you had . '' 
 `` yours was n't so bad either , '' i complimented . 
 `` what hunch did i have ? '' 
 he sounded confused . 
 `` the one that told you you should listen to what i was saying and take me seriously . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` that was not a hunch , ash , '' he informed me . 
 `` that was just common sense coming into play . '' 
 `` i 'm feeling strangely tired , '' i commented as aaron parked his car in the space next to mine . 
 it had been a very odd day , and i am a person who has had her fair share of odd days . 
 `` we did solve a crime that no one else realized was a crime today . '' 
 he suggested as a possible reason for my tiredness . 
 i am still not entirely certain that we should get much in the way of credit for solving a crime . 
 one look at aaron walking into the exhibit hall where the pageant was being held and a nerve wracked -lrb- and i can only assume conscience stricken -rrb- belle andrews -lrb- mother of queen contest participant trish -rrb- had practically thrown herself at him and started confessing . 
 it turned out that my suggestion that we stop for aaron to change into his uniform had actually been a really good idea . 
 it had been a gamble on my part , but i had been fairly certain that we were not dealing with a hardened criminal -lrb- an individual unstable enough to think that adding copious amounts of peanut oil to multiple dishes that should not have contained any was a reasonable idea it turned out , but not a hardened criminal -rrb- . 
 `` we did n't sort out philip marks though , '' i observed . 
 i had gotten a confirmation text from wallace , but that did not guarantee that philip had taken the bait . 
 i did not think he was the type of person to refrain from snooping on the basis of his character , but it was a tad frustrating to not be able to know for sure . 
 `` actually , he knows that he 's being watched , '' aaron stated looking a little sheepish . 
 i raised an eyebrow for my best questioning look and waited . 
 `` i may have had pritchard go ask some pointed questions at the hospital today , '' he admitted . 
 `` it was n't exactly official , but i think that it may temper any thoughts he has about convenient household accidents in the future . '' 
 `` that and the paperwork , '' i offered in return . 
 i was quite proud of him . 
 he was coming around on his always needing to go by the books stance . 
 i thought his candor deserved some in return on my part . 
 `` paperwork ? '' 
 he asked me with a suspicious glint in his eyes . 
 `` i do n't think i should tell you specifics . 
 i might be incriminating myself . '' 
 `` ashley , '' he chided . 
 `` let 's just say that philip may have gained access to some of his aunt 's financial paperwork to which he previously may not have been privy , '' i told him with as much of an innocent looking shrug as i could muster . 
 `` reality may have broken through the expectations . '' 
 `` i 'm not even going to ask , '' aaron said with a small sigh . 
 `` i do n't want to know what you did or how you even managed to do it while we were running around looking into the pageant thing . '' 
 `` i did n't say that i did anything . '' 
 i reminded him . 
 `` i do n't want to know . '' 
 he said very slowly . 
 `` who said there was anything to know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you are not funny . '' 
 `` i 'm tired . '' 
 `` you said that already . 
 do you think you 'll be recovered by tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i drew out the word so that it was multisyllabic . 
 `` it 's the opening night of the fair . 
 i thought maybe you 'd like to go with me . '' 
 `` will you buy me a funnel cake ? '' 
 i asked suddenly not feeling quite so tired . 
 `` yes , i 'll buy you a funnel cake , '' he reluctantly agreed after i stared him down with my best puppy dog eyes . 
 `` those are nothing but sugar on top of sugar you know . '' 
 `` it 's a fair , aaron , '' i reproached . 
 `` you have to eat funnel cake when you go to the fair . 
 it 's a rule . '' 
 `` of course , how could i have forgotten the rules of the fair ? '' 
 he was smirking again . 
 i did not mind it so much in that context . 
 `` well , it has been a whole year . '' 
 `` let me see , '' he struck a pose as though he were concentrating very hard on trying to remember something . 
 `` we have to eat funnel cake , check the 4-h exhibits , ride the tilt-a-whirl , and win a giant stuffed animal for the reading corner of your classroom . 
 did i miss anything ? '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` nope , you got the whole list . 
 good job , '' i reached over and patted him on the top of the head . 
 `` i knew you were n't losing your memory yet . '' 
 `` brat . '' 
 he said swiping my hand away . 
 `` that 's me . '' 
 i agreed . 
 `` so , i 'll see you at sixish ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` how about i see you at actually six ? '' 
 i countered . 
 `` that works for me . '' 
 `` thank you for today , '' i told him as a reached over to open the car door . 
 `` is there something specific included in that ? '' 
 he looked confused . 
 `` just the day in general , '' i stated . 
 `` i know how much you do n't like me mixing with your area of expertise . 
 i 'm not oblivious to your dismay -- i just choose to ignore it for purposes of expediency . 
 i know it goes against the grain for you to actively participate when i 'm chasing down rabbit holes . 
 you did it anyway , and you were pretty gracious about it on top of that . 
 i do appreciate that . 
 and it 's not that i do n't care about your opinions and feelings on this topic , it 's just that ... , '' i trailed off with a shrug . 
 `` i know you do , and i appreciate that you do n't try to flaunt it in my face more often . '' 
 it was my turn to look confused . 
 he elaborated . 
 `` i 'm not ignorant of the fact that you go after rabbit trails more often than i 'm privy to . 
 i do pay attention to what my best friend is up to . '' 
 `` we made a good team today , '' i observed . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 `` we made a really good team dealing with cal , '' i reminded knowing that i was bordering on pushing , but we seemed to be in a collective sharing kind of a mood . 
 `` it pains me to admit it , but i ca n't deny the fact , '' he replied . 
 `` please , do n't go where i think you 're going with this . '' 
 `` it 's not like i 'm planning on a career switch , '' i defended . 
 `` i like my job . '' 
 `` in some ways , i think i might feel better if this were your job instead of your hobby . '' 
 he answered . 
 he had never said anything like that to me before . 
 i was a little taken aback by the admission , but i tried to not let it show . 
 `` does it count as a hobby if i do n't actually try to do it ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` ashley . '' 
 he does that chiding thing with my name a little too often . 
 `` well , i do n't , '' i insisted . 
 `` i do n't go looking for them anyway . '' 
 `` but you never walk away when you stumble across one . '' 
 he insisted in turn . 
 `` because that would just be wrong , '' i told him shaking my head . 
 `` you know , '' i tried to explain , `` like walking by someone who dropped their bag of groceries without offering to help them pick it up . '' 
 `` i do n't think that it 's exactly the same . '' 
 `` close enough . '' 
 `` i 'm still trying to resist the urge to wrap you in cotton wool , and do n't tell me that today was n't really dangerous because i already know that , '' he cut me off when he spotted the readiness to argue in my expression . 
 `` let 's just not talk about this right now . '' 
 we have an awful lot of conversations that end on that note . 
 someday , we are not going to be able to put it off any longer . 
 that night , however , it worked out well enough . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ matrimony the fast food place was moderately busy , but most of the traffic was making its way through the drive through . 
 the few people who came inside tended to make to go orders and hover around the counter while they waited . 
 in the far back corner , however , two people were settled at a table engrossed in their own conversation and ignoring the entrances and exits of the other patrons . 
 `` that was completely disgusting when we were kids , and it really has n't improved in attractiveness as we 've aged , '' the man sitting in the booth commented as he stared pointedly at the chocolate shake with its lid off that was in front of the woman across from him . 
 the blond at whom the statement was directed raised an eyebrow in response and continued to dip one of her french fries into the ice cream mixture . 
 he rolled his eyes and made a small huffing sound before returning his attention to his lunch . 
 the woman looked at him contemplatively for a few moments as though she were trying to decode his mood . 
 `` this is coming from the guy who dips his sweet potato fries in ketchup , '' she observed . 
 he frowned at her . 
 `` what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` fries are supposed to be dipped in ketchup . '' 
 `` they 're sweet potato fries , aaron , '' she insisted as if he were being deliberately dense . 
 `` sweet is in the name of the food . 
 it 's like you 're pouring sugar on top of sugar . '' 
 `` but ice cream is a completely acceptable fry dipping sauce ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 his tone made it clear that he did not feel she had much room to judge . 
 `` not for sweet potato fries , '' she told him . 
 she ate another one of her regular fries coated in chocolate shake and offered him a hopeful smile . 
 `` do you want to share what is actually bothering you ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 he asked even though the expression on his face demonstrated that he knew exactly what it was that she was talking about . 
 `` you only pick at my eating habits when something else is bugging you , '' she answered his question even though the look she gave him expressed her belief that the answer was not actually necessary . 
 `` are you going to share whatever it is ? 
 or are you going to sit there and grouse at me for the foreseeable future ? '' 
 `` it 's just work , '' he offered with a small shrug of his shoulders . 
 `` you 've told me often enough that i brood over things . 
 you should n't be much in the way of surprised when you catch me at it . '' 
 she just looked at him and waited -- he caved and broke the silence first . 
 `` there 's really nothing to talk about . '' 
 `` it 's bothering you , '' she insisted . 
 `` that , by definition , makes it something to talk about . '' 
 `` it 's just work , '' he repeated . 
 `` spill , '' she countered . 
 `` you know how i get when a case is n't going my way , '' he tried to brush off her insistence . 
 `` yeah , i do , '' she replied . 
 `` you get grumpy . 
 you pick at my food choices . 
 then , we have a venting session , and you work it out of your system . 
 the best friend sounding board is waiting . '' 
 she held her hands out in a gesture that implied that it was his turn to speak . 
 `` you know i ca n't give you details . '' 
 he grumbled -lrb- and maybe stalled -rrb- . 
 `` you never give me details , '' she told him leaning forward and resting her chin in her hands as her elbows rested on the table . 
 `` that 's never stopped you from venting to me before . '' 
 `` and then you somehow manage to work out which case it is that 's bugging me anyway , '' he rolled his eyes at her . 
 `` it 's going to come back and bite me someday . '' 
 `` it 's not like i 'm wandering around town telling people that aaron told me something in strictest confidence the other day and asking them if they would like to hear all about it . '' 
 he sighed and stalled for time -lrb- or maybe just spent a few moments being indecisive -rrb- by chopping at the ice in his cup with his straw . 
 `` i have a case where i know the identity of the perpetrator . 
 i can tell , but i ca n't prove it . 
 i do n't know the how , and i do n't have any appropriate legal channels that i can employ at this particular moment in time . 
 i ca n't do much more than wait around for a big mistake to get made . 
 it 's frustrating , and i 'm not a big fan of being frustrated . '' 
 `` you 'll work it out , '' she told him offering him a reassuring smile . 
 `` you always do . '' 
 `` i only wish that were true , '' he said abandoning his poking at the ice melting in his soda in favor of crumpling up the wrapper that had contained his hamburger . 
 `` cases do n't always get solved , ash . 
 you know that . 
 there are times we just ca n't make things stick . '' 
 he got a reflective expression on his face . 
 `` it 's better than needing too little proof and getting things wrong i guess . '' 
 `` true , '' she agreed , `` but that does n't make it any less stressful for you . '' 
 `` i 'll survive , '' he commented before their conversation was halted by the ringing of her cell phone . 
 she pulled it out of the purse resting on the seat beside her and looked at the screen . 
 `` it 's claire , '' she told him while bringing the phone up to her ear . 
 `` hello . '' 
 there was a pause on her end while the muffled sounds of a voice coming through could just barely be heard by her lunch companion . 
 `` no , i do n't think that 's a brilliant idea , '' she said after a moment . 
 she rolled her eyes as she continued . 
 `` yes , claire , i 'm incredibly unsupportive , '' she stated in a tone dripping with sarcasm . 
 `` because you do n't need to lose any weight for the wedding pictures , '' she insisted as the man across from her looked up in surprise and mouthed `` seriously ? '' 
 `` i do n't care what they told you about the camera adding ten pounds , '' she continued as she nodded her head to answer aaron 's question . 
 `` you do n't need a crash diet . '' 
 there was another pause on her part . 
 `` no , we ca n't do a final fitting of the dress an hour before the wedding . 
 because there is n't enough time . '' 
 the man across from her was waving a hand as if he was trying to get her attention . 
 she shook her head at him and made a `` not now '' gesture with her hand . 
 `` please do n't . 
 are you even listening to what i 'm saying to you ? 
 claire , '' she stated in a tone of studied calm . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 she said a little more adamantly when the studied calm , apparently , did not work . 
 `` no diets . 
 yes , i 'm serious . 
 yes , i really believe that you 'll look fine in the pictures . 
 no , i 'm not just saying that because i 'm your cousin and i love you . '' 
 a napkin hit her in the forehead . 
 she glared across the table and mouthed `` would you stop ? '' 
 `` are we agreed then ? 
 there will be no crash diet . 
 good . 
 yes , i know that . 
 i 'm with aaron . '' 
 `` hey , claire , '' he called from across the booth . 
 `` we 're eating lunch . 
 because it 's lunch time , '' she rested her forehead against her hand as if the conversation was causing her to develop a headache . 
 `` that is not until six . 
 i 'm very sure that i 'll make it . 
 no , i wo n't forget between now and then . '' 
 aaron was snickering at her , but he was keeping it quiet enough that the phone would not pick up the sound . 
 `` they already know . 
 they also know , '' she was telling claire as aaron started to gather up their trash and stack it on a tray . 
 `` they 'll be late . 
 because they live three hours away , claire . 
 that 's why . 
 it will not destroy your fitting schedule , '' she purposefully ignored the faces that were being made at her -lrb- not that her attempts to ignore him seemed to be functioning as a deterrent -rrb- . 
 `` why would she be calling me ? '' 
 she demanded a few seconds later actually sounding truly agitated for the first time since the conversation had started -lrb- instead of tolerantly annoyed -rrb- . 
 `` what did you say to her ? 
 please tell me that you 're joking . 
 she 's been playing the piano longer than you 've been alive ! '' 
 she declared more loudly than she had intended -lrb- if the way she looked around the room and lowered her voice before she continued was any indication -rrb- . 
 `` no , it was n't called for , '' she insisted . 
 `` i will do no such thing . 
 because you ca n't just say things like that to people . 
 i am not sabotaging your wedding . '' 
 she shot aaron a glare when he let out a snort that was loud enough to be picked up by her phone . 
 `` she 's not sabotaging your wedding either , '' she declared mouthing `` stop it '' to the still laughing aaron who complied as best he could by placing a hand over his mouth to muffle the sound of the chuckling that had followed the snort . 
 `` no one is sabotaging your wedding . 
 yes , we all want you to be happy , '' she tapped his foot with her own under the table with enough force to be just shy of being considered a kick when he let out another snort . 
 `` of course you 're the bride . 
 no one is arguing that , claire . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` could we please talk about this tonight ? 
 yes , i 'll be on time . '' 
 she spoke one more sentence in a tone that was designed to discourage discussion . 
 `` i 'm hanging up now . '' 
 `` would you stop that ! '' 
 she hissed at aaron as she pushed the button to disconnect her call . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he demanded holding his hands up in a what is your problem sort of a gesture . 
 `` i 'm not doing anything ! '' 
 `` you 're smirking , '' she insisted . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 `` i am doing no such thing , '' he told her . 
 `` okay , '' he admitted , `` maybe just a little bit . '' 
 he grinned at her . 
 `` really , ash , this whole wedding thing sounds like so much fun . 
 i 'm really sorry that i 'm not more included . 
 i think i 'm missing out here . 
 really this is me pouting over how much fun i 'm getting left out of just because you 're monopolizing all of claire 's whims and commands to yourself . '' 
 `` you are n't funny . '' 
 she glared at him . 
 `` of course i am , '' he dismissed her comment with a shake of his head . 
 `` i 'm just not nearly as funny as that single side of that conversation with claire that i just got to listen to was . 
 come on , '' he prompted . 
 `` i know you want to smile about it . '' 
 he paused and waited for a response that was not forthcoming . 
 `` you think she 's being completely ridiculous , '' he told her with a wink . 
 `` you 're just better at hiding it than i am . '' 
 `` i have n't forgotten the conversation we were having before the claire interruption , '' she told him completely skipping over responding to his assertion . 
 `` there 's nothing else to say , '' he told her pulling her remaining trash over and stacking it with the rest on his tray . 
 `` i 'm a little angsty about it , but i 'll get over it . 
 i ca n't let every case get me down ; i would n't function . 
 it 's part of the territory . 
 now , i need you to be perfectly honest with me . 
 am i going to find you in a holding cell in the near future after claire 's body is found smothered in the simply unacceptable lace tablecloths ? '' 
 `` that was last week , '' she informed him with a sort of half smile . 
 `` we 've moved beyond the completely unacceptable lace tablecloths . 
 we 're somewhere between impossible floral arrangements and believing that the pianist is part of a conspiracy to undermine the perfection of the specialist of special days that she 's ever going to have . '' 
 `` did you just make that up ? '' 
 he asked her as a look of amused distaste took over his features . 
 `` nope , '' she answered him still sporting that half smile that seemed to indicate that she was not certain whether she wanted to laugh about it all or commence with some angry venting . 
 `` she actually wanted that exact phrase on the invitations for the bridal shower . '' 
 `` specialist of special days ? '' 
 aaron repeated as if he still did not quite believe it . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` okay , really , '' he offered looking like he was busy with some sort of internal monologue intended to decipher the thought process that would have gone into the choosing of the previously mentioned phrase . 
 `` i love claire , i do , and i know she 's got her claire idiosyncrasies and all , but are we sure that we 're actually dealing with claire here ? 
 has that fiancé of hers been slipping her something ? '' 
 `` she 's just being claire , aaron , '' she dismissed his suggestion with a wave of her hand . 
 `` i 'll grant you that it 's sort of an overdrive version of claire , but it 's still claire . 
 i know you do n't like derek , but let 's refrain from throwing around accusations , shall we ? '' 
 `` i ca n't help it , ash , '' he argued with a shrug of his shoulders , `` he just bugs me . '' 
 `` he 's not always at the top of my list of favorite people to be around either , but we are n't the ones marrying him . '' 
 she reminded . 
 `` maybe bart will talk her out of it . '' 
 `` do n't make me come across this table ! '' 
 she told him jabbing a finger in his direction . 
 `` bart does n't need any more encouragement . 
 i 've already got my hands full dealing with claire 's detail list that never ends . 
 i do n't need to have to devote any more time or energy to deflecting bart . '' 
 `` hey now , cut the man some slack , '' aaron suggested . 
 `` she 's going to be a married woman soon . 
 he just wants to make sure that he takes his chance before she 's unattainable . '' 
 `` he agreed to be the best man . '' 
 she reminded . 
 `` that does n't change the way he feels . 
 besides , that 's a prime location to be in when the whole if there is anyone who objects line comes around . '' 
 `` i am not humoring you with this conversation . 
 next time he shows up outside of one of the prewedding events to sing a serenade i 'm going to tell him that claire 's hiding out at your place . '' 
 `` how many times has that happened exactly ? '' 
 aaron suddenly sounded like he was taking her words a little more seriously . 
 `` four so far , '' she told him . 
 `` okay , '' he agreed , `` i can see where that might get a little annoying . '' 
 `` he 's hovering on the edge of obsessed . '' 
 `` if claire 's bothered ... , '' he started . 
 `` she just lets him go on , '' she rolled her eyes . 
 `` i think she 's waiting for derek to notice . '' 
 `` and that in and of itself is n't a sign for her that she 's got a problem on her hands ? '' 
 `` could we drop all talk of the wedding , please ? '' 
 she broke the pattern of the conversation . 
 `` i 'm kind of drowning in all things wedding , and it would be really great if i could just pretend to be in a realm of existence where there is nothing wedding related to discuss for a twenty minute stretch . '' 
 `` i 'm amenable to that . '' 
 `` good , '' she gave him a full-fledged smile . 
 `` let 's talk about your problems instead . '' 
 `` i 'm not so amenable to that . '' 
 `` you know i 'm just going to figure it out anyway , '' she prompted . 
 `` i thought you were worried that i was spending too much time and effort taking care of all of claire 's prewedding issues . 
 do you really want to burden me with another task to tackle when you could just tell me all about it ? 
 you 'll feel better , and i wo n't have to add studying the local crime statistics to see what it is that is eluding aaron this week to my to do list . '' 
 `` you do n't play fair . '' 
 `` i grew up with claire . '' 
 `` point taken . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the weather was lovely . 
 the sky was clear . 
 the sun was shining in a manner that made it seem as if just a bit of warmth were seeping into you as you stood underneath it , but it could not be construed as being hot by even the pickiest of persons . 
 it had been rainy lately , so the clear day made for a nice change in the recent weather . 
 it was a wonderful day to be outside as the sunshine that had lasted all morning had even erased all traces of mud and puddles from the ground . 
 october was a tricky month for weather in this part of the country . 
 it was nigh unto impossible to tell what nature might have in store for you from any advance perspective . 
 children sweltered in costumes that had not been intended for a high of 79 on some halloweens and hid under coats as they ducked through sleet to get their candy on others . 
 that made event planning -lrb- particularly any events that were based outside -rrb- a hit and miss business . 
 if it became necessary to schedule something in october , you picked the date that you needed to pick for other reasons and hoped for the best weather-wise when the day in question rolled around . 
 anyone who had chosen this specific date was in luck -lrb- unless , of course , they had been hoping for the rain to continue -rrb- . 
 on this particular saturday afternoon upon which we are examining the weather , those citizens who were outside enjoying the fall weather were doing so quietly . 
 if you knew the town of granville bay , you would know that this was a completely and utterly normal occurrence . 
 while getting to be a slightly larger small town in recent years , granville bay still held hard and fast to some of its extremely small town beginning traditions . 
 -lrb- this was much to the chagrin of many who had migrated from the city to `` get away from city life '' only to become disgruntled when the town refused to do things the way they had done it back in said cities . 
 i will let you digest the irony of that thought process at your leisure . -rrb- 
 one of the most sacred of these traditions was the fact that come saturday afternoon , the entire downtown area shut down . 
 -lrb- i do mean shut down . 
 you were incredibly unlikely to see so much as a car still parked around the square once you hit the 12:30 mark . -rrb- 
 the banks and the shops all hustled people out . 
 the library and the post office both closed their doors at 12:15 each saturday without fail . 
 each saturday afternoon -lrb- unless it was on one of the two occasions a year on which a festival of sorts was occurring in the town square -rrb- felt as though the entire town settled in to take a collective nap . 
 this , of course , only applied if you were truly downtown in the vicinity of the square with the churches and houses that spiraled out from it . 
 if you were to go to the edges of town -lrb- the places where the fast food restaurants and the wal-mart were relegated -rrb- , then the town would appear as busy as ever . 
 it made for an interesting dichotomy . 
 it was almost as if the town were two different entities separated by an invisible dividing line with differing rules that each side was bound to follow . 
 no one seemed to know the answer to the question of why the saturday tradition prevailed unchallenged or where it had started . 
 -lrb- even the `` old timers '' who could tell you why the town of granville bay was called granville bay when there was not a body of water larger than a farm pond or the town reservoir to be found in any direction for 25 miles did not seem to know the answer to the saturday afternoon quiet question . 
 granted , given that the answer to the other question was that two of the families who had lived in the town when it first became a town had carried the surnames bay and granville , it was not that difficult of an answer . -rrb- 
 everyone seemed to just go with the officially unofficial quiet time without concerning themselves with the why . 
 you might hear the occasional lawn mower or sound of children 's laughter . 
 mostly , though , everyone just kicked back and enjoyed the quiet . 
 there was one , and only one , exception to this general rule of quiet downtown saturday afternoon life . 
 if there was any commotion going on at this time of the week , you could guarantee that it was coming from one of the churches . 
 it was equally well assured that the cause of the commotion was a wedding . 
 granville bay hosted an amount of weddings that would have driven a statistician out of his or her mind with the sheer volume of them in comparison to the local population -lrb- had it all been local , weddings would have had to have been the official town hobby -rrb- . 
 the reason for this particular statistical anomaly was the fact that granville bay was home to several uncommonly pretty houses of worship . 
 the little cottage industry of weddings had not begun by design . 
 it simply happened that granville bay , in the beginning , had held a rather large number of people who believed that the place where you came together to worship god should reflect that something glorious and special was going on within it in its outward appearance and interior decoration . 
 that aside , the fact remained that the pretty chapels and sanctuaries in the town were a current wedding destination trend and had been so for the last few years . 
 it is an odd fact of life that no matter how lacking in devotion to one 's personal faith one may prove to be in general -lrb- or even to the point of downright scoffing -rrb- most persons choose a church when it comes time to decide the scene for their wedding day . 
 this had , in the beginning , caused a bit of consternation among some of the congregations in granville bay as they tried to determine what the appropriate response was to persons who only wanted anything to do with their faith when it netted them a pretty backdrop for their wedding photos . 
 most of them eventually shrugged their shoulders and decided that rental agreements were rental agreements and if it was okay to rent out the fellowship hall for baby showers , why not the sanctuary for weddings ? 
 thus , the influx of the marriage minded from a plethora of towns and cities in a three to four hour radius continued unabated , and the residents made the most of the increase in business for the local flower shops while it lasted -lrb- knowing that like all trends , this one would fade away soon enough -rrb- . 
 that did not stop a few business expansions and even the addition of the office of a wedding planner to the town , but it was good that people were being practical about the probable temporariness of the upswing . 
 the wedding at the christian church on the appropriately named church street that was occurring on this day , however , was not the result of a pop culture trend . 
 it was a local affair . 
 any one of the previously mentioned `` old timers '' could have told you that this was the case merely by looking at the sign out front that proclaimed that the carlisle/delune wedding would commence at 2 p.m. . 
 the carlisles -lrb- they could have told you , and would have done so happy to have been asked -rrb- had been sitting in the pews of the christian church for a couple of generations already . 
 it was equally true that they were prescotts before they were carlisles , and they were stevensons before they were prescotts . 
 the stevensons -lrb- they again would have told you -rrb- belonged on the same historical lists as the granvilles and the bays . 
 delune was not a native name , but anyone marrying a carlisle girl -lrb- they would have assured you -rrb- must be okay . 
 there were no more stevensons in town -lrb- or granvilles either for that matter -rrb- . 
 circumstances -lrb- and a propensity toward birthing baby girls -rrb- had seen to that a while back . 
 there was still one prescott . 
 then , there were the carlisle girls . 
 the `` old timers '' used that phrase nearly always because that was how the `` old timers '' spoke . 
 the fact of the matter was , however , that none of the carlisle girls should really be spoken of using that terminology . 
 there were four of them in all . 
 there were casey and alex who were in their mid-thirties and belonged to leo and that woman he had met somewhere foreign whose name everyone seemed to have difficulty remembering . 
 leo had left ages ago to enter the service and had never been back for more than a short visit since . 
 the girls , however , had visited their great-aunt every summer growing up and even finished out high school in town when their father was stationed somewhere he did not want to take them . 
 thus , they belonged to the town -lrb- in the `` old timer 's '' view -rrb- as much as their surname did . 
 claire required no detailed explanations of her town belonging status . 
 she had always lived in granville bay -- first with her parents and then with the previously mentioned great-aunt after her parents had died in an accident when she was 14 . 
 ashley was the youngest of the `` girls '' at age 25 , but she was not a carlisle by name -lrb- this did not prevent her from being lumped in with her cousins just the same -rrb- . 
 her mother had been the baby of the family who had gone off to marry some man by the last name of easten . 
 ashley had spent her early childhood elsewhere but had lived with her aunt chessie and cousin claire ever since their parents had passed in the same accident -lrb- they were vacationing together at the time -rrb- . 
 those were sad memories for both the family and the `` old timers '' who liked to know all about the past , but today was not a day to be concerned with that . 
 today was a happy day for it was claire 's wedding that was to be held at the church on this particular afternoon . 
 it was still clearly before two . 
 you could tell because there were only a small number of cars in the parking lot . 
 it must be getting closer , however , because cars were beginning to turn in to the open space across the street from the church with regular frequency . 
 it was just as the traffic was picking up from a trickle that the afternoon quiet was broken by the sound of an irate shout that sounded distinctly like someone yelling `` get out ! '' 
 that being not something one generally expects to hear as a wedding is about to commence , it would only be natural to turn your head toward the front of the church . 
 there was nothing to be seen at the moment except the propped open front doors and two women in light blue dresses with programs in hand who appeared to have jumped themselves at the sound . 
 in all fairness to whoever had disturbed the piece , she -lrb- for the voice had definitely been female -rrb- had probably not realized that the sound would carry . 
 propped open doors do facilitate the traveling of sound rather well . 
 there was a man with a camera hanging from around his neck and a camera bag slung over his shoulder standing by the side door of the church smoking a cigarette , but the noise did not seem to have caused him any dismay -lrb- or any curiosity for that matter -rrb- . 
 he continued to smoke , the women at the front continued to pass out programs , and the stream of people parking and filing out of their cars continued to increase . 
 quiet reigned once again -- or it did until the side door of the church slammed open to reveal a woman stomping out . 
 she was attired in a dress that conjures the word ghastly to my mind , but i do not expect everyone to share my taste in clothing . 
 it was , for starters , pink . 
 it was very , very pink of a soft , pale shade that usually belonged on ribbons decorating baby shower gifts . 
 it appeared to be made of taffeta , and fluffy would be an entirely appropriate descriptive word . 
 the bell shaped skirt swung back and forth as the woman rushed down the ramp . 
 there was a huge ruffle around the bottom of the skirt and a huge ruffle also decorated the neckline and the off the shoulder sleeves . 
 the whole ensemble was covered in an iridescent overlay that sparkled in the sunshine . 
 the whole effect was ... well , i will let you come to your own stylistic determinations . 
 i will only add that the whole effect of the dress was accentuated by the fact that the woman wearing it was a redhead -lrb- of the bordering on an orangish cast variety -rrb- who also wore a wreath of pink flowers like a crown on top of her upswept hair . 
 the man quickly dropped his cigarette and reached for the camera around his neck . 
 he was clicking pictures by the time the woman had reached the sidewalk . 
 -lrb- i am not sure what it was he was hoping to accomplish . 
 who wants pictures of an irate woman stomping out of the side door before a wedding ? 
 it became obvious even to the photographer quite quickly that his choice had been a bad move . -rrb- 
 `` what do you think you are doing ? '' 
 the woman demanded . 
 `` i do n't want pictures right now ! '' 
 she seemed to register where the man was standing and what he had been doing before she came out . 
 `` you 're smoking ? 
 you 're smoking ! '' 
 she was practically seething as she continued . 
 `` i 'm not paying you to take smoking breaks . 
 you 're supposed to be out front taking casual pictures of the guests as they arrive . 
 what were you thinking ? 
 this is unacceptable ! 
 you 're fired ! '' 
 when the man did not immediately respond , she yelled louder . 
 `` i said you are fired ! 
 leave ! 
 go ! 
 now ! '' 
 the man spun on his heel and headed down the sidewalk toward the front of the church , and she spun on her heel and headed in the opposite direction skirt held high to keep it from dragging on the ground . 
 she disappeared around the corner at the end of the block huffing audibly as she went along . 
 the photographer did not make it all the way around to the front of the church -lrb- which may or may not have been his destination -rrb- as he was accosted by another man at the corner of the sidewalk . 
 after a short exchange of words , the photographer hesitantly accompanied the man across the street to the parking lot where they proceeded to meet up with another man standing between two cars in the far corner . 
 no one overheard what the three were discussing even though more and more guests were filling up the parking lot -lrb- no one was curious enough to park at the far end of the lot when they did not have to do so -rrb- . 
 it seemed to be a heated discussion for a while though as there were many sweeping hand gestures -lrb- and the photographer looked angry -rrb- . 
 one of the men pulled an envelope from one of the cars and handed it to the photographer . 
 after flipping through what was inside , his shoulders sank as he handed it back . 
 he nodded his head in a defeated manner before a shorter , calmer conversation seemed to take place between the three . 
 it ended with the photographer making his way to the front of the church accompanied by one of the men -lrb- looking for all the world like he was guarding him along the way -rrb- . 
 he spoke briefly with the two women in charge of greeting before the two men made their way back to the parking lot where they climbed into a car together and drove away . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` hey , '' his voice greeted her as she accepted the call on her cell phone . 
 `` i was n't sure whether or not you would answer . 
 i thought you might be bogged down in maid of honor duties at the moment . '' 
 `` not really , '' she commented drily . 
 `` i 'm actually sort of relieved of duties at the moment . '' 
 `` that sounds bad , '' he responded sounding as if he were not certain that he really wanted to ask the next obvious question . 
 `` what did claire do ? '' 
 `` she walked out . '' 
 `` as in the wedding is off ? '' 
 his voice sounded disbelieving . 
 `` no , '' she actually chuckled a bit . 
 `` as in claire had a temper tantrum and went to go walk off her agitation before the big moment . 
 she 's stressed out like you would not believe , and i 'm an easy target . '' 
 `` you 're always an easy target for claire , '' he reminded her . 
 `` could we not go there right now ? '' 
 she asked sounding tired enough that the words could almost be construed as pleading . 
 `` how much sleep did you actually get last night ? '' 
 he sounded concerned . 
 `` a lot more than i would have gotten if you had n't come over to help finish up . 
 thanks for that . '' 
 `` is n't that what guy friends are for ? '' 
 he joked . 
 `` we carry stuff and hang things from high places . '' 
 `` i think i needed that touch of humor . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` just keep telling yourself that it will all be over in a few more hours . '' 
 `` i 've been telling myself that all week , '' she admitted . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ca n't be there . '' 
 he spoke the words but there was not much in the way of conviction behind them . 
 `` no you are n't . '' 
 she disputed . 
 `` okay , i 'm not really sorry that i 'm not in the middle of the circus , but i am sorry that you do n't have back up . '' 
 `` i 've got chessie . '' 
 she offered . 
 `` she 's just going to egg everything on . '' 
 `` at least it will be entertaining , '' she stated not bothering to try to counter his claim . 
 `` i thought you were tied up all day . 
 how 'd you swing the phone call ? '' 
 `` even depositions that never end have built in break times . '' 
 `` do n't work too hard . '' 
 `` take your own advice , '' he told her . 
 `` sometimes , claire just needs to clean up her own messes . '' 
 `` it 's her wedding day . '' 
 she laid special stress on the word wedding . 
 `` to the clueless jerk . '' 
 he agreed . 
 `` aaron , '' she chided . 
 `` fine , whatever , '' the eye roll could practically be heard in his voice . 
 `` claire wants what she wants . 
 i just wanted to give you a happy reminder that you will soon be released from bridesmaid obligations . '' 
 `` that is duly noted . 
 i 'll talk to you later . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ while all the bustling was going on outside of the building , there were other things occurring as the guests migrated inside . 
 a pair of bespectacled brunettes with similar smiles wearing matching light blue dresses was located just inside the open front doors of the church . 
 one was clearly a full six inches taller than the other -lrb- the shorter being decidedly plumper as well -rrb- , but they looked otherwise similar enough that most people would guess at a family relationship of some sort . 
 they seemed to be completing multiple jobs at once as they directed guests to appropriate seats after encouraging them to sign the guest book . 
 another woman -lrb- this one a honey blond with large , doeish green eyes -rrb- in a dark blue bridesmaid 's dress was assisting the two whenever there seemed to be a backlog of guests in the doorway . 
 the sanctuary was , of course , pretty as has been previously discussed . 
 the front two rows on either side of the aisle were marked off with a reserved rope , but the guests had free reign as to any further seating arrangements . 
 no one chose the back row on the bride 's side , however , as it was claimed by a solitary woman dressed from head to toe in solid , glittery black including a simply enormous hat that she kept pulled low over her face and only lifted in order to glare at anyone who seemed to be presuming to attempt to sit next to her . 
 very soft soothing music played in the background . 
 it seemed to be a normal prewedding scene despite the shout that had rung out minutes earlier . 
 then , the movement started . 
 it all seemed to center on a curtained archway at the back of the sanctuary that those in the know would tell you led to a room that was always employed on wedding days for the bride to get ready inside . 
 the first to head in that direction was the taller of the two greeters who slipped inside and returned after a few seconds with a large makeup bag in her hands . 
 she rummaged around in it for a bit before emerging triumphantly with a lipstick and a compact . 
 she touched hers up then returned the items to the case before placing it on the steps leading up to the balcony . 
 she recommenced her greeting . 
 the other woman in light blue gestured for the party signing the guest book to wait for a moment while she too disappeared behind the curtain before returning with a purse . 
 she pulled a card of some sort out if its interior and handed it to the guest who went on her way . 
 the purse joined the makeup bag on the stairs , and she too returned to greeting the guests . 
 the honey blond went next and emerged with a large bag -lrb- that was either a very large purse or a rather small duffle -rrb- . 
 she dropped it into the pew next to the scowling , hatted woman on the back row -lrb- who seemed to sink even further in to her hat at that point -rrb- and disappeared through a door on the far side of the sanctuary . 
 a tall , mustached man looked surreptitiously around before ducking behind the curtain . 
 he was out of sight for a few minutes before reappearing with his hand tucking something into the pocket of his suit jacket . 
 he too proceeded to the far side of the room but not through the doorway that the blond had taken . 
 a large rolling door was situated on that side of the sanctuary and through it -lrb- if you were seated at the appropriate angle -rrb- you could see part of a reception area . 
 the cake table was visible . 
 the bridal party table was as well . 
 the man proceeded to that room and seemed to be looking things over . 
 an older woman walking with the aid of a cane entered the curtained area next . 
 she barely got through the curtains before she was back out and mingling with the guests . 
 another man in a suit ducked his head in but was caught by the return of the bridesmaid who seemed to be scolding him for attempting to peek -lrb- a warranted assumption at this point would be that said man was likely the groom -rrb- . 
 she ushered him out the doorway the greeters were stationed in and guided him down the steps . 
 the woman in black took this opportunity to take a turn going through the curtain . 
 she was gone for several minutes before reentering the main sanctuary with her upside down hat clutched nervously between her hands . 
 at this point , the red head in the fluffy pink dress entered the sanctuary through the far doorway . 
 after a nervous glance around , she hurried back to the curtain and swished through . 
 the bridesmaid reentered and continued to help the greeters while the presumed groom who was trailing in her wake made his way to the choir loft at the front of the sanctuary . 
 he settled into one of the chairs and pulled out a cell phone . 
 he held a conversation while appearing to be oblivious to everything going on around him . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` ten minutes to go time . '' 
 the text message read . 
 `` keep breathing . '' 
 the blond looked at it with a smile before snapping the phone closed and dropping it on the table at the back of the sanctuary as she noticed the altercation starting in one of the pews . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the older woman with the cane who had been meandering through the crowd striking up conversations with various guests -lrb- often prefaced by the words `` who do you belong to '' -rrb- glanced at her wristwatch and muttered something mostly inaudible -lrb- although those close by heard something that resembled the phrases `` running late '' and `` insensitive girl '' -rrb- before making her way to the center aisle and striding purposefully down it . 
 she stopped at a pew that was full but not enough so to be considered crowded -lrb- around four or so back from the front of the sanctuary -rrb- where she paused and stared at the couple sitting closest to the end . 
 it is hard to say what response she was hoping to receive with this course of action . 
 it was easy enough to see what response she got . 
 the couple on the receiving end of the woman 's stare merely looked back questioningly as if waiting for her to strike up a conversation as they had seen that she had been doing with half of the other guests over the previous fifteen minutes or so . 
 she tapped her cane against the wood floor under the pew in front of her -lrb- narrowly missing the man 's toes -rrb- and glanced forward where the front two rows were cordoned off -lrb- clearly reserved for members of the family or wedding party -rrb- before shaking her head and huffing . 
 she shifted her gaze back to the couple , and the man started to open his mouth -lrb- we can assume to ask if she needed something as that would have been the properly polite sort of thing for him to do -rrb- . 
 he , however , never got the chance to utter whatever considerate response he could have composed to her staring as he was cut off by the woman herself . 
 the woman with the cane sighed in an exasperated sort of way before choosing to employ said cane -lrb- whether for emphasis or as a potential threat , i will let you determine for yourself -rrb- . 
 she lifted her cane and pointed it at the man in question making it seem as though he were sitting there looking up at her while she held him at sword point -lrb- she even added a touch of shaking as if she were scolding a naughty child -rrb- . 
 `` you there ! 
 scoot over ! '' 
 she demanded before continuing when there was not any immediate movement -lrb- i blame shock on the part of the recipients -rrb- . 
 `` i am 92 years of age . 
 i need to sit down . '' 
 she stated in a tone of voice that implied that if she had been shaking that cane at a naughty child , it was also a child that was a bit slow and had to have items that should have been quite obvious explained to him in great detail . 
 -lrb- i think we all know that anyone other than a little old elderly lady choosing to behave and speak in this manner would not have received any positive results . -rrb- 
 she then proceeded to point the cane in such a manner that anyone watching would have assumed that if the person on the other end did not move rather quickly , he was going to find himself being skewered . 
 what would have ensued had the situation been left to run its course must be left to our own individual imaginations . 
 -lrb- i would , however , think it would be safe to assume that a sensible person would have scooted over without further prompting . 
 i could be incorrect . 
 some people do not value their personal safety as highly as others . -rrb- 
 someone outside of the altercation chose that moment to intervene in it -lrb- or come to the rescue , i suppose , depending on what your perspective on the situation may be -rrb- . 
 the young woman in the bridesmaid 's dress had given up greeting guests -lrb- and reading the last message on her phone -rrb- when she noticed the altercation . 
 -lrb- she was not alone in noticing what was happening . 
 the party demanding a seat had made no effort to lower her voice and did not seem to mind if she was attracting any attention . -rrb- 
 said bridesmaid was hurrying down the aisle with a long suffering expression on her face . 
 it was an expression that i will note did not appear to register any surprise whatsoever at the situation that was occurring in front of her . 
 given that lack of surprise -lrb- and assuming that the long suffering expression was due to the situation at hand and not for some unrelated reason -rrb- , i will allow you to judge for yourselves what you can surmise about our cane wielding matron 's personality -lrb- as well as her general forms of behavior in public places -rrb- . 
 it might also prove worthy of noting the fact that despite all of the attention in the room that had been drawn by the way in which the woman 's voice carried , there were no other persons present who were rushing forward to confront the situation . 
 the bridesmaid stepped between the two parties . 
 -lrb- one was looking shocked and a little nervous , and the other one was looking as if this was a vastly enjoyable experience . 
 i will let you guess which was which as i see no reason to go to the trouble of spelling it out . -rrb- 
 she moved forward while casually pushing the cane down as if it were merely in her way as she went through . 
 -lrb- this seems to me to be a mark of someone with a knack for clear thinking and tact in the face of a crisis . 
 it was an excellent choice for defusing . 
 after all , how many nonconfrontational ways are there to intercede when someone is being threatened with a walking stick by a very determined looking elderly lady ? 
 not many are coming to mind , are they ? 
 that is what i thought . -rrb- 
 `` you have a reserved seat on the front row , aunt chessie . '' 
 the bridesmaid explained while indicating the spot in question with a nod of her head . 
 she smiled brightly at the woman and made a move as if she was going to take her arm and steer her to the desired place herself . 
 -lrb- this would have made for something i like to call practical politeness . 
 it would be polite to escort the guest to her seat , and it would have been quite practical to oversee her journey to ensure that no other wedding guests were about to be subjected to a walking stick turned cattle prod -- minus the electricity . -rrb- 
 this plan of the bridesmaid 's , alas , was destined not to work if our cane wielding seat demander had anything to say about it . 
 it was easy to tell that was the case with just a simple glance in her direction . 
 she had practically swollen in size with indignation at the suggestion that she sit anywhere other than the semi occupied place that she was still eyeing . 
 she waved a dismissive hand in the general direction of the front of the sanctuary and leaned heavily on her cane that was resting -lrb- as it properly should -rrb- once again on the floor . 
 `` nonsense , girl ! '' 
 she clucked her tongue as if disappointed by the `` girl 's '' lack of sense that was being demonstrated by her suggestion . 
 `` no one sits in the front row at a church , '' she insisted shaking her head as if the sheer unreasonableness of the bridesmaid 's suggestion was boggling her mind . 
 her focus suddenly shifted to encompass the entirety of the back half of those already seated , and she somehow contrived to appear to glare at them all simultaneously . 
 `` look at them all hogging the good seats in the back . '' 
 she sounded outraged as she swung her cane in a small arc indicating just whom that `` all '' covered . 
 several people sitting in the designated area that had looked up and made eye contact found themselves shrinking down in their seats and looking at the floor . 
 they had no desire to continue making eye contact and would have felt rather better if they could have escaped that gaze 's notice . 
 the conversation going on further down the aisle was not nearly as interesting as it had been a few moments before . 
 they were not sure why , but they were also suddenly feeling quite guilty . 
 several of those who had been busy talking amongst themselves during the cane incident -lrb- gossip is so very engrossing after all -rrb- and had somehow managed not to notice what was going on -lrb- some of the previous paragraph 's people would have happily traded places with the oblivious -rrb- shivered without knowing why . 
 they briefly wondered if someone had been silly enough to turn on the building 's air conditioning on such a pretty fall day when the temperature was so obviously pleasantly comfortable . 
 `` i am 95 years old ! '' 
 chessie announced as if the words were an answer and explanation all rolled up in one . 
 `` where is the consideration for the aged ? '' 
 she demanded looking at her niece with a mixture of indignation and expectation . 
 when all she received in response was a raised eyebrow , she turned a look of sadness and deep disappointment in the direction of the couple who were still occupying the end of the pew she wanted . 
 i doubt that anyone -lrb- except perhaps the niece -rrb- noticed the small quirk upward of the woman 's lips before she got it under control when the couple 's shocked looks changed to ones of contriteness . 
 the couple certainly did not notice as they appeared to forget that they had been the ones on the receiving end of a cane shaking a few minutes before . 
 her niece , clearly not buying her aunt 's act for one minute , rolled her eyes and shook her head slightly before pasting on an apologetic smile and turning to the couple . 
 she might not be buying it , but she was not about to have a scene erupt if she could avoid it either . 
 she made a `` what can you do '' sort of a gesture with her hands and shoulders in her aunt 's direction and used a voice that somehow managed to come out wheedling and gratitude filled all at once . 
 anyone being addressed with that tone would have felt as if they were doing the person addressing them a huge favor while they simultaneously would have felt downright guilty -lrb- and not a little bit petty -rrb- not to go ahead and do that favor . 
 after all , why would they want to make life difficult for the poor woman just trying to make the best of a situation beyond her control that certainly was not her fault in the first place ? 
 dare i hazard a suggestion that it might not be out of bounds to imply that this particular bridesmaid had had opportunities to practice getting people to do what she wanted at some point -lrb- or several -rrb- before ? 
 `` if it would n't be too much trouble , '' she began , `` do you mind ? '' 
 the couple immediately scooted over and made depreciating comments about it being absolutely no trouble at all . 
 they received a grateful smile in return on one hand and a pardoning nod on the other . 
 the cane wielding woman -lrb- otherwise known as chessie prescott -rrb- sank into her acquired seat with a brief , satisfied smirk and seemed to be suddenly pleased with the whole world . 
 she even sent an `` i do thank you '' in the direction of the couple that seemed to make them relax and forget completely about the cane threatening incident even though a whole five minutes had not gone by since the incident had begun . 
 as the pleasantries were now dispensed with , she took a moment to really look at her niece and her face clouded as if she were displeased with what her eyes were telling her . 
 the bridesmaid had paid attention briefly to make sure that all was going well in the pew sharing department -lrb- as evidenced by the couple 's relaxing and her aunt 's smirk -rrb- before turning her attention to other things . 
 a pew bow on the other side of the aisle was ever so slightly askew , and it seemed to be the focus of her attention . 
 she began to move in that direction but was halted by a hand briefly making contact with her arm . 
 chessie waited until she had her full attention -lrb- discernible by the questioning expression and tilt of the head being displayed -rrb- before she spoke . 
 `` you 're looking frazzled and tired , ashley . '' 
 she observed with none of the concern that was so evident in her look making its way into her voice -lrb- she might have been commenting that the sun was shining outside for all her tone gave away -rrb- . 
 `` whatever are you losing sleep for ? '' 
 she continued in a voice that might have passed for joking before it took a harsher turn . 
 `` you are n't the one marrying the lumbering ... , '' she began to say . 
 what sort of a lumbering creature the groom was about to be compared to will be another item left to the devices of your imagination as ashley appeared to be disinclined to allow her aunt to finish that particular statement . 
 `` aunt chessie ! '' 
 she scolded with a frown before she decided that it was going to be necessary to add an admonishment . 
 `` be nice , '' she chose for her addition . 
 neither the frown nor the admonishment phased chessie in the least if her reply was any indication . 
 `` i am 96 years of age , '' she claimed triumphantly before elaborating upon why that was a relevant fact to the dialogue at hand . 
 `` i do n't have to be nice . 
 it 's one of the perks associated with reaching my advanced years . '' 
 a smile flittered across her features as she said this . 
 -lrb- upon seeing it , one might presume to suppose that chessie happened to enjoy that particular perk of advanced age with a certain amount of relish . -rrb- 
 the smile was replaced with a repetition of the look of concern , and it crept into her voice as well on this occasion . 
 `` why are you so tired ? '' 
 she inquired watching closely as ashley gave a small sigh in prelude to her response . 
 `` i 'm fine , aunt chessie . '' 
 she reassured her -lrb- looking slightly put out that she had let the sigh escape before giving her answer -rrb- . 
 chessie , however , did not have the appearance of one who had taken the words to heart and been overly reassured . 
 she merely continued to look at her niece expectantly . 
 the standoff lasted for a few brief moments , but chessie seemed to be determined to wait ashley out patiently . 
 -lrb- there might have been a small amount of foot tapping involved , but i do not think that anyone actually looked to see if that was , in fact , the case . -rrb- 
 ashley smiled -lrb- genuinely -rrb- with a sort of tolerant fondness at her aunt and might even have chuckled softly under her breath -lrb- no one was really close enough to tell for sure -rrb- before she elaborated upon her earlier answer . 
 `` it just took a great deal of time to hang the decorations last night . '' 
 she informed the other woman while allowing her eyes to flit from the pew bows to the wedding cake table just barely visible from where she was standing through the open side doors . 
 if she hoped that this answer would end the conversational path which chessie was embarking on , she was mistaken . 
 -lrb- we are going to assume that she did not think that that was going to be the case since she obviously knew her aunt well . 
 the fact that she had squared her shoulders as if bracing for a tirade was also a clue to her expectations for the results of her comment . -rrb- 
 `` why on earth were you putting up decorations ? '' 
 chessie demanded while blatantly ignoring the shushing motion that ashley was making with her hands . 
 the fact that even those who had missed out on the earlier cane altercation were all shifting their attention in the general direction of the two did not seem to be of any importance to her as she made no effort to lower the volume at which she was speaking . 
 `` that 's why we paid that obscene fee to that planning woman . '' 
 she insisted looking like she was going to come up out of her hard won seat to go and ... i 'm really not sure what exactly , but she looked like a woman about to embark on a course of decisive action -- one that might very well have involved her cane being put to use in nontraditional ways . 
 said decisive action might perhaps have come in the form of putting a stop payment order on a check if that had been an option . 
 it was not possible given the previously mentioned fact that all of the banks were already closed by that point in the day . 
 that being said , would you have put it beyond the realm of possibility that chessie would sally forth to demand the return of said check at cane point ? 
 `` claire fired the wedding planner last night , '' replied ashley as if such an event was a common sort of occurrence . 
 the nonchalant tone was matched by the indifferent shrug of the shoulders which accompanied the utterance . 
 chessie immediately resettled into her seat and a vaguely amused air settled about her . 
 she sank back against the back rest and crossed her arms lightly . 
 everything about the body language of both women implied that there was nothing unusual to or unexpected by them in the information which ashley had relayed . 
 `` one of our darling claire 's famous temper tantrums ? '' 
 chessie inquired -- her tone also seeming to imply that there was nothing unusual about the possibility . 
 whether ashley was going to chide her aunt in response or opt to offer further details instead remains a mystery , she never got the chance to do either . 
 the two women in blue who had been covering the combined posts of greeter , usher , and guest book attendant were hurrying down the aisle in a manner that could only be described as flustered . 
 the few guests still standing scattered to get out of the way of the onrushing , arm waving duo . 
 `` ashley ! '' 
 they chorused together in a breathless , excited tone . 
 their harmony was perfect , and you would have been hard pressed to tell that it was two voices speaking in unison rather than one overly loud voice if you had not been looking at them at the time . 
 ashley waited for them to continue -lrb- as it was obvious that an invitation would not be necessary -rrb- . 
 the two looked at each other and nodded before turning back to ashley and beginning to impart their news . 
 why the nod was necessary is a point upon which i lack clarity . 
 they may have been deciding who was going to speak first . 
 `` the photographer just stormed off in a huff , '' announced the taller of the two . 
 she began gesturing at what can only be assumed was the no longer visible photographer behind her with much flapping of her hand over her shoulder . 
 she snuck a quick peek in chessie 's direction before giving ashley a dramatic nod that one could guess might have been intended to provide emphasis to her statement . 
 the other woman nodded vigorously in agreement herself . 
 she then edged closer to ashley in what could be construed as a conspiratorial manner before adding her own piece of news to the conversation . 
 `` he says claire fired him , '' she stated in what might have been a somewhat failed attempt at a whisper . 
 it could also have been an attempt to avoid becoming the target of an outpouring of wrath since she seemed to be watching chessie 's face very carefully even though , ostensibly , she was supposed to be talking to ashley . 
 this behavior , i think , would allow us to surmise that a -rrb- she knew chessie already and b -rrb- she had likely been on the receiving end of one of those wrath outpourings on some previous occasion -lrb- or she had at least been present to witness the circumstance when someone else had -rrb- . 
 when chessie did not explode , they both turned to look at ashley with an expression that could only be classified as that of small children presenting a broken toy and waiting to be told whether or not it was fixable . 
 the expression would actually have been humorous to see on the faces of full grown adults of the years that the two women obviously were , but they were so sincere in it that it would have been impossible for an emotionally well-adjusted person to let out a deprecatory chuckle . 
 -lrb- i , of course , say nothing about the chronically cruel or the socially inept . 
 one can never vouch for what they might or might not do in a given circumstance . -rrb- 
 moreover , an aura of ponderingness -lrb- which shall be a word for purposes of this passage because there is nothing else in the english language that will convey the same sort of a feeling to those who can not see her expression and posture -rrb- had overtaken ashley . 
 she seemed to be sorting through a mental list of possibilities that one would assume dealt with means by which the situation at hand could be rectified . 
 -lrb- i suppose it might be possible , however , that she was pondering whether or not it would be practical for her to stage an escape . -rrb- 
 at that point , she noticed the frozen in place expectancy of the two women in front of her , snapped out of her reverie -lrb- whatever it entailed -rrb- , and moved to dismiss them back to their previous activities . 
 `` the two of you go greet , '' she ordered them . 
 -lrb- let us not mince words . 
 there was no mistaking the fact that it was most definitely an order that she was issuing to the pair still perfectly frozen in expectation of her fixing the problem looming before them . -rrb- 
 she started making a shooing motion by fluttering her hands in their direction , and the two women seemed to take comfort in being offered direction . 
 `` do n't worry about the photographer . 
 i 'll handle it . '' 
 she assured them with a small , comforting smile . 
 the earlier analogy of children waiting for a determination on the potential fixability of their broken toy would still have been applicable as their expectant , waiting expressions turned into relieved looking smiles and nods . 
 the two of them scampered off to do as they were told seemingly confident that the communication had been made , and it was no longer any concern of theirs -lrb- thus , implying that ashley 's reassurances to that effect had been successful -rrb- . 
 they might also have been thinking that previous experience had taught them that whatever crisis might arise , ashley was perfectly competent to handle it and its repercussions . 
 -lrb- in case you might have been wondering , they would have been correct in that assessment of ashley in 99 cases out of 100 . -rrb- 
 chessie had been silently observing the scene and its players and made no comment upon the announcement and its aftermath -lrb- despite the fact that the women 's expressions and careful watching of her had both indicated that they expected there to be some sort of commentary or action to greet their news -rrb- . 
 once the greeters had returned to their duties -lrb- where only a small smattering of the almost late were still entering the door -rrb- , however , she seemed to want to end her silence without knowing quite how she should go about doing so . 
 her observation of ashley continued unabated . 
 ashley had closed her eyes -lrb- one might presume in thought -rrb- , so her aunt had plenty of time to observe unobserved . 
 her determination of what to say must have come to her because she proceeded to speak . 
 `` are you ... , '' she began sounding almost tentative -lrb- which was a new tone of vocalization for her on this day -rrb- . 
 `` it 's only two more hours . '' 
 ashley interrupted her before she could finish asking her the question . 
 chessie seemed to ponder what reply to make . 
 it could be construed as a somewhat negative comment that ashley had made , but she had sounded strangely happy as she uttered it . 
 `` she 's getting a bit out of hand , is n't she ? '' 
 the older woman persisted in saying even if she still seemed a little unsure of what track she should be taking . 
 ashley did not respond to her question , so she tried again . 
 `` even for claire ? '' 
 she tried . 
 `` did you know that today we have the very great honor of attending the first wedding to take place in the granville bay christian church at which mrs. grant has not presided as the pianist in seventeen years ? '' 
 ashley asked her by means of reply . 
 she paused , but chessie seemed unsure of how she should answer that . 
 `` what does that ... , '' she tried . 
 `` that , by the way , is due to mrs. grant 's very vehement , specific -lrb- and not completely civil -rrb- request and not ours . '' 
 ashley added for purposes of clarity before chessie could finish asking her where she was intending to go with this seemingly random topic . 
 she did not wait for any other answer to her question or any other reply to her further comment but continued to elaborate on other topics of a similar kind . 
 `` i 'm not really sure if the flower arrangement up front is put together the proper way , but i was honestly too embarrassed to call and ask for help . 
 i think it looks alright as it is . '' 
 she continued with a wry grin and a self-deprecating shrug of her shoulders . 
 she looked at chessie as if to gauge her receptiveness and either decided that chessie looked willing enough to continue to listen or that she herself did not care whether or not she was because she needed to vent before she exploded . 
 `` i ended up fixing claire 's hair this morning , and i do n't think i put in enough bobby pins . 
 she was tired of me ` fiddling ' though , so i had to quit working on it . 
 i watched how candy did it for rehearsal , but i was obviously not paying attention that closely . 
 it 's not exactly the same , but it 's close . 
 i just hope it does n't fall down in the middle of the ceremony . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i also think the cake looks quite pretty , but claire hates the color . 
 she wanted to have it sent back , but i managed to convince her that that was not necessary . '' 
 she added almost as if it were an afterthought . 
 `` we 've been having rehearsal every night for two weeks now . '' 
 she paused to breathe again after the sentence . 
 `` did you know that ? '' 
 she asked and shot a questioning look in chessie 's direction before continuing without further pause . 
 `` the middleton children came down with chicken pox yesterday morning , and derek 's niece and nephew were broken out this morning . 
 their mom brought them over so i could double check for her what it was . 
 i did n't think the hotel would be very comfortable like that , so they 're back at my house with their mother covering them in calamine lotion as we speak . '' 
 she let out a soft sound that might have been a giggle before muttering something that sounded like `` they would match the wedding dress . '' 
 `` i also think claire has gone beyond the normal demanding bride and leapt into ` about to have a mental breakdown . ' 
 so , yes , things are getting a little bit out of hand . '' 
 she paused and took yet another deep breath before smiling at her aunt . 
 `` in summation , '' ashley stated striking a lecturing sort of a pose and ticking items off on her fingers as she named them , `` that 's no wedding planner , no pianist , no photographer , she made the florist cry , the hairdresser left in outrage , i barely saved the wedding cake from being sent back because the icing ` clashed ' with her dress , her once a day practices for the past two weeks have created a chicken pox epidemic in the flower girl , ring bearer , candle lighters , and guest book attendants , and she stormed out to ` get some air ' after she banished me from the ready room because i brought her a glass of water that did not contain a lemon slice . '' 
 she shook her head as if clearing the mental list from it . 
 `` if we 're going to be fair about the day 's chaos though , everything that has taken place is n't because of claire . 
 there is some sort of a freak snow storm that is blanketing the entirety of the eastern seaboard , and derek 's cousins that were going to be ushers had their flight canceled . 
 last time i checked , they were holed up in an airport terminal in new jersey with no word on when they might be able to get out . 
 clearly , claire can not be blamed for the weather . 
 given that , i think everything that could go wrong already has . 
 is there really anywhere to go but up ? '' 
 she inquired obviously forgetting that those were famous last words . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 the forced laugh resounded unpleasantly around the sanctuary . 
 it even somewhat echoed . 
 `` everything goes wrong ! 
 i knew how it would be ! '' 
 an excessively loud -lrb- and nearly painfully fake french accented -rrb- voice called from the back of the church . 
 the woman in black with the enormous hat that had staked out the back row was standing up and pointing an accusing finger at ashley -lrb- why anyone would be targeting ashley with their displeasure is beyond me , but that is what she was doing -rrb- . 
 for someone who was speaking in an accusing tone , she sounded awfully pleased about what was going on in front of her -lrb- which matched the words she had spoken more so than the tone they had been spoken in perhaps -rrb- . 
 ashley , on the other hand , simply looked confused -- very , very confused . 
 `` madame suzette ? '' 
 she asked looking at her and blinking owlishly as she processed this new development . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 the confusion and surprise was as audible in her voice as it was visible on her face -lrb- which meant that , by now , the entire assembly of guests knew that ashley was confused -rrb- . 
 `` never in my life have i been as insulted as i was in this place last night , '' the woman announced making large , flailing gestures with her arms as if to illustrate the size of the insult she had suffered . 
 the flashy woman continued to pronounce each of her words at the top of her lungs in that accent that no one would ever consider to be real . 
 -lrb- clearly , people who did not care whether or not they were overheard were an ongoing theme for the day . -rrb- 
 everyone in the room was happy that they were not in a position to deal with the woman on a daily basis as the fakery was so blatant that it grated on one 's nerves . 
 `` no one who is anyone has a wedding without the consultation of madame suzette ! '' 
 she insisted -lrb- which might have been considered vaguely insulting to three quarters of the people in the room as she had only opened for business a scant four months previously -rrb- . 
 `` i will not be cheated . '' 
 she declared as she began to wave a small , spiral notebook over her head . 
 `` i will sit here . 
 i will write down everything i see that was my idea . 
 i will send a bill . 
 it will be paid . '' 
 she informed the entire room -lrb- as everyone had given up the pretense of not listening and most were openly staring at her -rrb- . 
 `` the insult will not be tolerated ! 
 no one fires madame suzette ! '' 
 she concluded with a flourish as she sank back into her seat with enough force that her hat toppled down over her eyes . 
 ashley stared at the woman for a moment as she scrambled to return her hat to a more dignified angle . 
 it seemed to be fighting her , and it took longer than it should to get it straightened back out . 
 the comicalness of the moment rather detracted from the dignified , disgruntled -lrb- if overly noisy -rrb- picture that she had been presenting during the course of her tirade . 
 ashley 's mouth started to open , but she seemed to reconsider what it was that she was going to say . 
 she shook her head as if to clear her initial thought from it . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 she settled upon in the end with a smile and an open , be my guest gesture of her hands . 
 `` you go right ahead and do that . '' 
 `` ashley ? '' 
 the man perched in the choir loft called -lrb- seemingly the only person in the room oblivious to the scene that had just taken place -rrb- as he got up and walked down the steps in her direction . 
 she turned and waited for him to continue speaking . 
 `` should n't we be starting about now ? '' 
 he asked looking at his wristwatch with an expression of concern . 
 he even tapped it a couple of times with his finger as if to check for some sort of malfunction . 
 `` i already explained that to you , derek . '' 
 she answered his question as she walked forward to meet him at the base of the steps . 
 she began to fix his collar and finished up by straightening the boutonniere that had somehow gotten skewed sidewise . 
 `` the minister is running late . '' 
 she reminded him after she had completed her adjustments of his appearance . 
 `` rev. knottyer is a little overbooked today . '' 
 `` i 've been thinking about that . '' 
 derek told her sounding like he was about to present an idea that he was rather pleased about sharing . 
 `` could n't we get the whole beginning part going ? 
 we do n't actually need the minister until later , do we ? '' 
 he sounded hopeful on top of being proud of his plan . 
 ashley started to shake her head , but he cut her off before she could say anything . 
 `` claire and i have to catch that flight to brussels . 
 missing it is not an option . '' 
 he said with the air of one reminding someone of something of which they were supposed to be aware . 
 `` the investors ' meeting will start on time whether we make it there or not . 
 missing that is even less of an option than missing our flight . '' 
 `` no , '' ashley said . 
 `` we are not starting the wedding without the minister . '' 
 she told him in a tone that left no room for further argument . 
 a phone began to ring -lrb- seemingly coming from somewhere on derek 's person -rrb- and an unpleasant expression of realization crossed her features . 
 `` derek ! 
 i told you to turn the phone off . '' 
 she chided . 
 `` you promised claire no business until after the wedding . '' 
 he did not respond to her rebuke . 
 he simply shrugged his shoulders as if the words had not even registered and turned away from her as he pulled the phone out of a jacket pocket . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he asked heading back to the choir loft and proceeding to hold an extensive conversation that anyone choosing to eavesdrop on would be able to tell was comprised entirely of business concerns complete with hand gestures . 
 ashley did not get a chance to respond to his ignoring of her as the mustached man who had been hanging out by the refreshment table beyond the sanctuary headed toward her in such haste that he nearly tripped over his own feet in his eagerness . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he called as he recovered his balance despite the fact that ashley was not moving . 
 `` ashley , my pet , my darling , run away with me ? '' 
 his voice was smooth , nearly oily as he spoke . 
 `` let 's leave now . 
 we 'll depart this instant . '' 
 he continued as he grabbed hold of her arm . 
 ashley 's eyes squeezed shut , her shoulders visibly tensed , and everyone watching could see the deep breath that she was taking . 
 `` claire will be so jealous when she realizes ! 
 she will call off this silly wedding and chase after us to demand that you return me . '' 
 he paused and flashed a dreamy smile . 
 `` it is brilliant . '' 
 he announced in a self-satisfied tone of voice . 
 `` it 's a fool proof plan ! 
 it will work like a charm . 
 you will help ? '' 
 he asked without losing the eager quality . 
 he did , however , lose the dreamy smile as he focused on ashley instead of whatever far off mental fantasy he had been focused on conjuring . 
 `` bart . '' 
 ashley stated calmly opening her eyes and glaring at him . 
 `` let go of my arm before i hurt you . '' 
 there was a certainty in that tone that it would be best not to ignore . 
 bart may not have been focused on reality in that moment , but he was not a complete fool . 
 he dropped her arm . 
 `` no one helps me ! '' 
 the man wailed despondently -lrb- and let me tell you that it was somewhat disconcerting to watch a grown man make that particular combination of sounds at that volume and in public -rrb- . 
 the guests were fairly evenly split between those who could not look away in horrid fascination -lrb- rather like viewing a train wreck in slow motion -rrb- , and those who were doing everything short of humming to themselves to pretend that they could not overhear . 
 `` no one cares what i suffer ! '' 
 bart complained even more loudly than before . 
 he continued taking large gasping breaths and wringing his hands before bursting out in tear flowing sobs . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 he wailed . 
 he buried his face in a handkerchief that he dug from his pocket as he moved to stand next to derek -lrb- who was still engrossed in his phone call and seemed to have , once again , missed the spectacle -rrb- . 
 of course , walking while your eyes are covered with a handkerchief is not necessarily the best method of moving from one place to another , and bart tripped over the bottom step and nearly went sprawling . 
 luckily , he caught himself on the edge of the choir loft and further embarrassment -lrb- although it is debatable whether any more embarrassment would have really mattered by that point -rrb- was averted . 
 someone might have attempted to comfort the distraught man . 
 -lrb- if they could have gotten over the shock of the fact that no one in the wedding party seemed disturbed or surprised by his behavior . 
 how often do you see someone standing in the best man 's place crying over the bride ? -rrb- 
 they might not have . 
 -lrb- trust me when i remind you that it is quite the sight to see a grown man behaving in such a way in a public place . -rrb- 
 the wedding guests may not even know themselves whether or not they might have attempted to intervene as they were afforded precious little time to make such a decision . 
 we certainly have no way of knowing what might or might not have happened next if an interruption had not occurred . 
 this is what we do know . 
 any further action -lrb- on bart 's part or on anyone else 's -rrb- was prevented by the entrance into the room of another person . 
 this person did not enter from the small vestibule between the sanctuary and the front doors through which the guests had come . 
 he , instead , came in from a door located behind the pulpit at the front of the sanctuary . 
 the door flew open with great force , and the man came through quickly and nearly toppled over in his haste to turn to close it behind him . 
 as it was , the door refused to catch and swung back open twice before he managed to click it into place . 
 he nearly tripped again when he turned back around after his fight with the door . 
 he was dressed from shoulders to shoe tops in a black robe with an equally black scarf hanging at a rather odd angle over the top of it . 
 i hope you can conclude on your own that those were vestments and this was the running late minister . 
 -lrb- if you could not have extrapolated such a conclusion on your own , you know now . -rrb- 
 he had a rushed , unkempt air about him that might have been due , in part , to the oddly angled overlay . 
 it could have been due to the fact that the robe was on backwards . 
 it is also a distinct possibility that such an impression could have been created by the fact that the man 's shoes did not match each other . 
 feel free to take your pick of the aforementioned options . 
 either he had dressed in a great hurry , or he was very absentminded . 
 it could even have been a combination of both . 
 there was a large folder of papers in his hands that he placed on the pulpit and barely caught before it slid off on to the floor . 
 once he finagled it into staying put , he began to rapidly flip through the stack -lrb- reaching out a hand to stop further sliding several times as his flipping proved detrimental to the balance of the folder as a whole on the slanted surface -rrb- . 
 the exercise in hurried searching seemed to be unsuccessful as he began to paw at the robe he was wearing in search of something which he eventually found located perched on the top of his head -lrb- said something being his glasses -rrb- . 
 he placed them on properly and began to flip again . 
 this seemed to help in his search through the papers for he settled on one page from the folder and stayed there this time . 
 all of this occurred , i might add , without him ever looking up at the gathered congregation in front of him . 
 i am not entirely certain why this was . 
 it might have been a habit . 
 it might have been the fact that he was flustered on this occasion . 
 the fact remains , however , that this was a bad idea -lrb- as you shall soon see -rrb- . 
 he balanced his arms on the pulpit edge , closed his eyes , and took a deep breath before visibly relaxing . 
 less tense was a good start . 
 harried is not the best of pretenses upon which to begin public speaking . 
 unfortunately for his regained composure , he kept his eyes closed -lrb- attempting to gather his thoughts , perhaps -rrb- as he began to speak . 
 `` i am so sorry to be late . '' 
 he intoned in a clear voice that certainly sounded as if he were composed . 
 `` we 'll start right away , '' he informed everyone -lrb- who he must have been assuming were there as he had still not bothered to look at them -rrb- . 
 then , with another deep breath he was off and the service began . 
 `` we are gathered here today in the deepest mourning . 
 the loss that has come upon everyone in this room is deeply felt . 
 we commiserate together in the face of this tragic event that is most distressing to all involved . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ miles and miles away , a very confused aaron snuck a look at his cell phone under the table in the middle of his meeting when he felt it vibrate . 
 the message was from chessie prescott . 
 it said `` you 'll be sorry you missed this . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ everyone , i think it is safe to say , was initially too caught off guard to offer the needed interruption to the confused rev. knottyer . 
 -lrb- would not you have been ? -rrb- 
 everyone , however , did not seem to include bart . 
 while he technically did provide an interruption , i do not think he provided quite the interruption that any of the others would have chosen . 
 he was , on the other hand , quite enthusiastic as he offered his thoughts -lrb- or thought rather -rrb- on the minister 's words . 
 `` amen ! '' 
 the word was uttered loudly enough to deserve the term shout . 
 in fact , it created a small echo throughout the sanctuary , but that may have been because everyone else in the room had gone so quiet that you could have heard that proverbial pin dropping . 
 bart did not appear to be bothered by his impromptu solo . 
 he was smiling at the minister and vigorously nodding his head in continued agreement apparently oblivious to the astonished stares he was receiving -lrb- it might be that he was used to them by that point -rrb- . 
 the rest of the room shifted their focus from bart back to the man at the pulpit who had paused at the `` amen '' but had only opened his eyes to look down at his notes rather than up and out with two notable exceptions . 
 derek was apparently still engrossed in his phone call , and ashley seemed to have been shaken out of her earlier surprise by bart 's performance -lrb- making his probably inappropriately timed commentary of some use after all -rrb- . 
 she attempted to offer correction in as gentle and soft of a manner as she could manage -lrb- although some people swore later that she only spoke so softly because that was the best that she could manage while she was trying very hard not to laugh -rrb- . 
 she seemed to be attempting to go for subtlety over abrasiveness . 
 there was no need to add rudeness to the embarrassment that the poor man at the pulpit was about to suffer . 
 `` rev. knottyer ? '' 
 she asked and waited for some sort of acknowledgment that he realized that someone else was speaking . 
 she waited in vain as an acknowledgment failed to be given . 
 he was in a focused zone . 
 gentle , soft , and subtle were not going to cut it in this instance . 
 the minister had paused for as long as he felt necessary for the dying away of the sound of bart 's `` amen '' -lrb- i will not hazard a guess as to what thoughts he was having about the attendees in consequence -rrb- , and he proceeded with the service he had started . 
 `` the deep sadness of all those present at this time is most understandable , yet we must not dwell on that sadness . 
 we must not allow ourselves to become encumbered by it . 
 it is not the focus of our purpose , the reason that we have come together , or what we address at this time . 
 rather let us move beyond such emotions as we recall that the event that has caused us to gather together on this day is not one of ... , '' he continued on unaware of his mistake . 
 ashley tried again to interrupt at that point . 
 learning from her previous experience , she opted to be a little louder . 
 she also waited for a few moments to see if she could catch him on the intake of a breath , but she could not seem to get the timing down for that to be a successful undertaking . 
 talking over him was the only remaining viable option -lrb- well , there was just letting him conduct his funeral in peace , but that was not viable so much as it was avoiding confrontation to the point of utter ridiculousness -rrb- . 
 in the end , it was not as though keeping things quiet was going to change the outcome of the situation . 
 everyone in the room was hanging on every word , and they were all going to hear everything that was said . 
 attempting to make things a little less awkward might be a nice gesture , but it had a nonexistent chance of succeeding . 
 awkward was pretty much a given . 
 there was not a way around it . 
 of course , it might also have been nice if someone else had had the thoughtfulness -lrb- or presence of mind -rrb- to help ashley out with the predicament , but it seemed as if the responsibility rested squarely on her shoulders . 
 -lrb- ashley seeming to be everyone 's default solver of problems was apparently as much of the theme for the day as people providing free entertainment by making scenes . -rrb- 
 the others seemed to have settled back to watch some sort of a tennis match with the way their eyes flickered back and forth from the pastor to the maid of honor . 
 `` rev. knottyer ? '' 
 whether it was the increase in volume or she just caught him at the proper moment , her words garnered his attention this time . 
 he actually looked up and made eye contact with her -lrb- although he did not really seem to be registering what all he was seeing as yet -rrb- . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he inquired still sounding calm and composed . 
 a few of the less kind guests were whispering amongst themselves wagers as to how long that calm and composed manner was going to last once ashley enlightened him as to where he was and what he was supposed to be doing . 
 `` i think you are performing the wrong service , '' she suggested to him . 
 those who had mumbled wagers about the minister 's composure disappearing as soon as ashley explained would have won if anyone had been taking the betting that seriously -lrb- they had not , so no money changed hands in response to the nearly instant reddening of the man 's face -rrb- . 
 he was blinking rapidly as he looked around at the people and decorations and found them -lrb- apparently -rrb- incongruent with what he expected to be seeing . 
 he even pulled off his glasses and gave them a quick swipe across the front -lrb- or back as it was on the wrong way -rrb- of his outfit before sticking them back on and looking around again . 
 the cleaning might have been needed , but it did not make a difference in what he was seeing . 
 the prevalence of pastels might have been a clue . 
 there were also the groom and best man standing at the base of the steps . 
 then , there was the cake table in the reception area off through the side door . 
 there was also the matter of a decided lack of a body . 
 you get the idea , so did he . 
 he mostly sounded confused -lrb- understandable , i think -rrb- when he redirected his attention back in the direction of ashley . 
 `` this is n't the hasslemeyer funeral ? '' 
 he asked her starting to sound very unsure of himself . 
 she shook her head first -lrb- as if she could ease him in to the knowledge of what had happened slowly -rrb- . 
 `` it 's the carlisle/delune wedding . '' 
 she informed him and proceeded to wait silently for it all to sink in for him . 
 the rest of the room remained silent as well . 
 -lrb- it could have been a respectful silence , or they might have just been eager not to miss hearing any part of his response . -rrb- 
 `` gracious , i am sorry , '' he declared after he had processed what she had told him . 
 he began to push the pages across the top of the pulpit back into their folder , but they did not appear to cooperate . 
 he dared one more glance at the attendees before switching his focus back to ashley -lrb- who obviously seemed safer to his somewhat befuddled mind than the stares of the dozens of people sitting in the pews -rrb- . 
 `` just let me fetch my other notes , '' he told her as he finally succeeded in getting his folder closed with all of the pages more or less contained inside of it . 
 ashley nodded reassuringly , and the minister smiled at her in appreciation before gathering up the folder and scurrying back to the door through which he had entered . 
 only two or three pages littered the floor in his wake , but no one was paying attention to that . 
 they were too busy hoping that the man would not injure himself running into anything as the last glimpse anyone had of him was of a piece of black fabric being pulled over his head while he was jogging away . 
 as no sound of a crash came to anyone 's ears , they relaxed a little and operated under the assumption that he was safe . 
 derek , with the phone still held to his ear , chose that moment to turn around and notice what was -lrb- or was not as the case may be -rrb- happening . 
 he frowned in confusion for a moment as his eyes darted back and forth across the room . 
 not finding what he was looking for , he held his hand over the mouthpiece of the phone as he spoke . 
 `` ashley ? '' 
 -lrb- if you are wondering why ashley of all the people in the room would be the person he asked when he wanted to know something , i refer you to the rest of the story . -rrb- 
 ashley was staring after the departed officiant and shaking her head -lrb- in exasperation or disbelief or some other emotion that could not be identified -rrb- , so she failed to immediately notice that the cell phone was still glued to the side of derek 's head . 
 -lrb- we will presume that her response would have been slightly different if she had . -rrb- 
 `` what ? '' 
 she replied . 
 -lrb- i told you her response would have been different if she had seen the phone . 
 the absentmindedness of rev. knottyer had purchased derek a temporary reprieve from a lecture about detaching himself from technology for long enough to actually pay attention to his own wedding day . -rrb- 
 ashley was , clearly , not really placing her full attention on the groom -lrb- or , at the very least , she was not bothering to look in his direction -rrb- . 
 the rest of the gathered were shaking off their stunned into silence demeanors of the previous few minutes and whispering among themselves about the events that were transpiring -lrb- with the exception of bart who was busy dabbing at the corners of his eyes with a handkerchief and mumbling to himself in an undertone that no one else could make out -- even though it was a fairly safe bet that the mutterings pertained in some way to claire -rrb- . 
 `` are n't there supposed to be some small people here ? '' 
 derek asked his cousin-in-law to be -lrb- clearly either not realizing or not caring that it might not be the best of ideas to draw ashley 's attention back to him while he still had a call in progress -rrb- . 
 he dropped his hand that had covered his phone as soon as the question was uttered and picked that conversation right back up with an `` absolutely not '' and a `` got to be eight of them at the very least . '' 
 chessie prescott let out a bark of a laugh immediately after the words were spoken , but no one but chessie could be certain whether it was because of derek 's statement or some other source of amusement that had managed to draw the woman 's attention . 
 the people located in her immediate vicinity -lrb- otherwise known as those who were within cane reach distance -rrb- did not turn to ask her what was so funny . 
 `` supposed to be some small people ? '' 
 ashley asked him still staring at the door through which the minister had departed -lrb- maybe she was mentally counting off the seconds until he could reasonably be expected to return -rrb- . 
 a light bulb suddenly seemed to appear over the top of her head as though the words had broken their way through some sort of a fog and finally registered . 
 `` oh , you mean your niece and nephew ? '' 
 she shook off her reverie of door watching and started to turn in the groom 's direction . 
 `` they 've come down with chicken pox . '' 
 she stated in a tone that left no doubt that she thought that he should already be fully cognizant of that fact . 
 she did not complete her turn toward derek -lrb- to the benefit of the continued status of not interrupted of his phone call -rrb- for she was redirected as were the rest of those present -lrb- with the exception of derek who was apparently immune to any sort of distraction from the electronic device in his hand -rrb- to the two women standing at the back of the sanctuary by the sound of what could best be described as bellowing that was coming from their direction . 
 `` i call flower girl ! '' 
 the words succeeded in once again quieting down all of the chitchat within the pews as everyone turned to see from where the shout had originated . 
 `` no way ! '' 
 the second shout followed -lrb- giving those who had difficulty tracing the origin of the initial sounds another chance to get their bearings and join the others in the collective head turning -rrb- . 
 `` i want to be the flower girl ! '' 
 strangely enough -lrb- or maybe there was no room left for anything to be considered strange given the manner in which the day was progressing -rrb- , each of those three statements came from two voices speaking together in unison from the door to the entryway at the back of the sanctuary . 
 there was a pregnant pause between each statement , but each one remained in unison no matter how much the two women glared at each other in between assertive declarations . 
 a fourth in unison statement did not follow the first three . 
 this was , perhaps , due to the fact that the two making the statements were , by that point , far too engaged in a glaring match to bother continuing with words that they could not seem to prevent coming out in tandem . 
 while she had joined the others in the initial head turning and looking for the source of the new interruption -lrb- even though with the minister not present there was not actually anything occurring that could be interrupted by the shouting -rrb- , ashley 's attention did not seem to be held by either the argument or the staring match . 
 she did not even appear to be surprised after she recognized who was involved . 
 she made no move to head in their direction , and she offered no comment either to them or about them . 
 seemingly inclined to dismiss the antics going on in the back of the church for the moment , it was at that point that ashley actually truly looked at derek -lrb- and took in what it was that he was busy doing -rrb- . 
 her response was instantaneous . 
 `` derek ! 
 how many times have i told you ? 
 get rid of the phone . '' 
 she demanded once again -lrb- i will not repeat the commentary about her reaction this time -rrb- . 
 the words had as little effect on the still conversing man as they had when variations of them had been spoken at earlier points during the afternoon . 
 he did not display any indication that he intended to follow the order that she had given him . 
 he actually did not show any indication that he had even realized that ashley was speaking to him or that she had given him an order . 
 he appeared to be fairly oblivious to everything going on in his vicinity -lrb- including the maid of honor who was looking decidedly displeased with his behavior -rrb- . 
 ashley , from all appearances , was not in a mood to repeat herself -lrb- or to be ignored -rrb- . 
 she made a move in his direction -lrb- one could ponder the possibility that perhaps the cell phone was about to be removed from the groom 's possession by force -rrb- , but she was interrupted -lrb- probably quite luckily for the continued well-being of derek 's cell phone -rrb- before the crowd -lrb- who had all turned back around from watching the still in progress glaring match at the back of the room to take in the between the groom and maid of honor altercation instead -rrb- could properly redirect their attention to the next spectacle being presented . 
 the minister reentered the sanctuary . 
 his entrance was much less visually startling the second time around . 
 it was also far less rushed -lrb- and the door did not fight being closed -rrb- . 
 he was attired this time in vestments of white all of which seemed to be on properly . 
 the front was in the front , and the back was in the back . 
 the stole was mostly even and did not appear to be in any danger of either sliding off or choking him . 
 his shoes had not been changed so still did not match , but that was a detail that was far easier to overlook when it was not part of the overall picture of things gone wrongness that they had been during his previous appearance . 
 his glasses were even in a useable position resting on the bridge of his nose instead of pushed up somewhere on top of his head . 
 the folder and loose leaf paper that had given him so much trouble previously had been replaced with a small hardcover book and a large index card -lrb- neither of which seemed to be inclined to slide off the pulpit and scatter around the room -rrb- . 
 it was a decided improvement , and he now actually looked like someone who was ready to conduct a marriage ceremony . 
 `` i am terribly sorry , '' he apologized once again as he resettled himself and the items in his possession at the podium -- opening the book to a spot marked with a ribbon and placing the index card -lrb- that one might assume contained the pertinent details for this particular couple and what he needed to fill in at the blanks in the standard service -rrb- in a crevice where it remained propped up against the light that was bolted there . 
 rev. knottyer was looking altogether decidedly less frazzled this time . 
 he may have decided that frazzled got you into more difficulties than it was worth and taken a few extra moments to let himself breathe -lrb- and check over his clothing -rrb- before he returned . 
 `` are we ready to begin ? '' 
 he inquired -lrb- although he seemed unsure about to whom he should be addressing the question -rrb- . 
 he waited for an answer but none was forthcoming . 
 he shifted his gaze so that he was looking directly at the groom , but derek was still engrossed in his phone call and either did not notice or did not choose to interrupt his long distance exchange for the more local one . 
 rev. knottyer raised an inquiring eyebrow at bart who was still pouting from his place by derek 's side . 
 he merely sniffled . 
 ashley -lrb- big surprise there -rrb- took it upon herself to take charge . 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 she replied to the minister 's question while ignoring bart 's renewed case of handkerchief dabbing and nose blowing -lrb- despite the fact that there were a few sniffles that seemed to be directed at her in either a bid for sympathy or as some sort of an admonishment for her earlier dismissal of his plea for assistance -rrb- . 
 ashley moved down the aisle toward the center of the sanctuary , pointed up at the balcony , and nodded her head . 
 most of those present took this to be a cue of some sort . 
 of course , most of those present had been in this church before and knew that the direction in which she was nodding was the one in which the sound tech was located . 
 extremely loud music of the rock variety blared from all of the church 's speakers instants after she had given her cue . 
 half the guests jumped in their seats , and the other half nearly gave themselves whiplash as they turned to glare at the balcony . 
 -lrb- derek , predictably , only started speaking into his phone more loudly . -rrb- 
 from ashley 's reaction , it would be easy to gather that the noise filling the sanctuary was not the sound that she had been intending to cue the sound booth to start . 
 she frantically waved her arms until she attracted the sound tech 's attention and waved her hands back and forth in front of her neck until he cut the music off -lrb- the fact that he had not noticed anything wrong with the choice of music until he saw ashley signaling might give you an indication of what kind of luck ashley had had in replacing the pianist at the last minute , or he might just not have been paying any attention to what he was doing -rrb- . 
 `` that 's the reception cd , '' she called by way of explanation and waited for his nod of understanding before looking away . 
 ashley moved to the back of the sanctuary and stopped at the chair and small table holding all the different items that were to play a part in the ceremony . 
 the greeters met her there , and they conferred quietly for a moment . 
 the other two picked up something metallic while still eyeing the flower girl basket . 
 ashley only rolled her eyes at them before giving them a stern look that prevented either of them from making a comment -lrb- or more likely a demand -rrb- . 
 more appropriate for the beginning processional of a wedding music started up as ashley lit the wicks on a set of candle lighters for the women in front of her . 
 they had a brief beginning of an argument over whose got lit first , but ashley cut off their nonsense with a frown . 
 she moved to a visible position and nodded at the balcony in appreciation before sending the substitutes on their way . 
 they may not have been originally intended for the role , but the two women in pale blue looked the part as they moved down the aisle with their candle lighters held high in perfect sync with each other . 
 they took measured steps that kept them perfectly even -lrb- despite their difference in height -rrb- , and they reached the end of the aisle with no visible trace of their previous animosity over the flower girl basket apparent . 
 before they could move to their respective sets of candles , however , the two became distracted by bart 's presence . 
 they were obviously not among the ranks of those who had been weirded out by his earlier behavior . 
 they paused at the end of the aisle and smiled at him before batting their eyelashes furiously . 
 his return smile seemed to be enough encouragement for them to flutter their fingertips in what must have been meant as a flirtatious wave . 
 all thoughts of candles and small flames being currently held in their hands seemed to escape them as they shared a look and giggled before returning to their fingertip fluttering and eyelash batting . 
 the sound of a throat clearing in the back of the room -lrb- my guess would be ashley -rrb- brought their attention back to what they were supposed to be doing , and the two of them moved forward to their respective sides of the steps leading up to the pulpit . 
 the substitute candle lighters finished their respective candelabra and turned to come back to the center together in a fluid motion that could not have been choreographed better if someone had tried . 
 the poor middleton girls had certainly never done it that well on any of their pre-chicken pox practice days . 
 the prettiness of the picture was ruined , however , when their smiles turned to agitated frowns after they blew out their wicks and met each other 's eyes . 
 `` i get the flower girl basket ! '' 
 two voices declared simultaneously . 
 the two in their pale blue dresses looked at each other in disbelief after their unplanned unison announcement . 
 they did not appear to be any happier about their synchronicity this time than they had during their previous argument . 
 they seemed to assess each other for a moment before tossing their candle lighters -lrb- very luckily no longer lit -rrb- onto the front pews -lrb- also luckily unoccupied -rrb- on their respective sides . 
 relieved of this apparently excess weight , they gathered their skirts up in their hands and began to race each other back down the aisle . 
 the aisle not being very long , one would have thought that it all would have been over quickly . 
 be that as it may , they still managed to find time to elbow each other , attempt to trip each other , and -lrb- at one point -rrb- one of them grabbed the other around the waist and held her still until she realized that she could not make any forward progress either in that position . 
 upon her release , both women continued their eager progress down the aisle in a flurry of skirts , elbows , and traded glares to the accompaniment of the strangely at odds with the picture processional music and the disbelieving mutterings and occasional unsuccessfully restrained snickers . 
 it might have all been very amusing if it had all been fictional . 
 as it was real , its proper descriptive adjective would have been scary . 
 in all fairness , however , the sight of two grown women behaving in such a manner was likely not any more disturbing than the earlier sight of the distraught grown man who was still periodically sniffling from his spot stationed next to the groom . 
 `` it 's mine ! '' 
 the taller of the two women shrieked as she very nearly ran over ashley in her enthusiasm -lrb- desperation , determination , obsession -- whatever you might want to call it -rrb- to get to the flower girl basket before her competition . 
 luckily , she managed to stop herself in time to avoid a collision . 
 poor ashley was up against the chair upon which the flowers had been sitting and the wall . 
 she had nowhere to go but sideways . 
 unfortunately , going sideways put her in the path of the other onrushing flower girl wan na be . 
 as it was , she was forced to hold the basket above her head with one hand while using the other one to help the other woman catch her balance in order to avoid a second potential collision in less than five seconds . 
 the other women were too busy glaring at each other to notice the precariousness of the situation . 
 `` you never let me do anything ! '' 
 the shorter woman retorted -lrb- one would assume to the calling of the basket that had occurred all the way back before their frantic , headlong rush up the aisle -rrb- even going so far as to stick her tongue out at the object of her derision . 
 one might be surprised by such a display in one of her apparent age , but everyone 's threshold for registering surprise seemed to have been surpassed for the day . 
 they had , after all , already witnessed everything from an elderly woman demanding a seat at cane point to a grown man blubbering over someone else 's fiancé to a minister that had tried to conduct a funeral instead of a wedding service . 
 can anyone really blame them for having their surprise reflex all bent out of normal ? 
 ashley certainly did not look surprised -lrb- much in the way that she had not registered any visible surprise when the two had had their original disagreement -rrb- . 
 she was looking rather like a kindergarten teacher that was about to admonish a couple of unruly five year olds . 
 it was not that much of a stretch that they would be treated as such given the manner in which the two women in front of her were acting . 
 it must be admitted , however , that the dress she was wearing would have looked decidedly out of place on a kindergarten teacher standing at the front of her classroom . 
 the women smacking each other 's hands out of the way as they reached for the flower girl 's basket -lrb- still being held above ashley 's head -rrb- , however , would not have been out of place in such an early childhood setting . 
 ashley refused to allow the childishness -lrb- although that may qualify as an unfounded slur on children everywhere -rrb- of the supposedly full grown adults to continue unabated . 
 she raised her voice just enough to refocus their attention from each other to her while still maintaining that calm , dangerous tone that everybody knows means you are about to be in far more trouble than you would be if someone were merely yelling at you . 
 `` that is enough , '' she commanded looking at them both with enough disappointment that they instinctively ducked their heads into their chests in shame -lrb- doing nothing to detract from the comparison to a kindergarten classroom scolding -rrb- . 
 they waited -lrb- the picture of contriteness -rrb- for a verdict on their dispute , and it was easy to see that neither one of them had any intention of arguing with ashley once it was delivered . 
 she paused for a few moments while she looked them over to be sure that they were both well and truly finished with their scene causing . 
 she must have determined that they were over it enough that it was safe to proceed -lrb- plus , at the rate things were going , there was not going to be a wedding if everybody did not get a move on , so she might have been slightly more lenient than she would have been under other circumstances -rrb- . 
 she held out the highly coveted basket . 
 -lrb- it was a sign of how much of a change in their demeanor that ashley had wrought in the previous few moments that neither one of them reached for it when she lowered it from its position above her head . -rrb- 
 `` share , '' she instructed in a tone that would have made those far less easily cowed than the two in front of her rethink their plans a multitude of times before disobeying -lrb- and then , if they were sensible , they would have given up said plans in the interest of their personal safety -rrb- . 
 as it was , they both nodded at ashley in acquiescence . 
 this display of reformed behavior on their part was , however , apparently limited in its scope . 
 they would outwardly comply . 
 they would not be pressing the point with ashley or expressing open disagreement with the instructions that she had given them . 
 they would do exactly as they had been told -lrb- exactly being the key phrase -rrb- . 
 they would share that basket , and they would make their way down the aisle together . 
 that did not mean that they were ready to let go of their displeasure with each other while they were doing so . 
 `` fine . '' 
 the taller of the two stated as she placed one hand on the basket handle and raised an eyebrow while sending a challenging glare in the direction of her counterpart . 
 her other hand made its way to the hip of her blue skirt making the challenging look that much more complete . 
 she was prepared for a standoff -lrb- anyone walking in at that moment would think that there was something far more serious at stake than possession of a beribboned basket containing several handfuls of petals that had been torn from their flowers of origin -rrb- . 
 she waited barely a half a second for the answering remark to her challenge . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 the shorter responded with a roll of her eyes as she too placed a hand on the basket handle . 
 once they had joint possession of the handle , ashley relinquished it to their care . 
 they immediately proceeded to attempt to stare each other down -lrb- to what purpose i can not begin to imagine -rrb- , but they made no further attempts to fight for possession of the basket or verbalize their feelings to each other -lrb- and , by extension , the room at large -rrb- . 
 ashley gave them both a final warning look -lrb- that they noticed and flinched under despite the fact that their attention had been focused on looking at each other -rrb- before she made that shooing motion with her hands to once again send them on their way . 
 they broke eye contact to nod at her . 
 one of them mouthed `` i 've got it under control . '' 
 the other mouthed `` i 'll make her behave . '' 
 then , they attempted to follow her directions and begin their trip back to the front of the sanctuary . 
 they both held the basket handle in a death grip -lrb- i do not know what else to call it when one 's knuckles have gone white and the wicker hiding under the layers of ribbon is creaking under the pressure -rrb- in one hand with no intention of relinquishing their respective holds for even a moment . 
 this left each woman with a free hand with which to actually toss the petals -lrb- the goal , of course , of being the flower girl -rrb- , so that part worked out well . 
 their only remaining difficulty seemed to be working out the initial turn so that they were facing the proper way to walk down the aisle . 
 they tried to finagle it without exchanging any words -- just some grunts and a shoving hand or two . 
 it appeared that that particular difficulty had far less to do with any problem on their part and far more to do with the fact that they were both being obstinate , petty , and intentionally disagreeable . 
 said behavior only lasted for a few moments before they recalled themselves . 
 a quick look in ashley 's clearly disapproving direction had them immediately rectifying the situation and heading down their appointed path . 
 the occasional elbow still managed to find its way into someone 's rib cage . 
 -lrb- i am not sure how as , in theory , both of them had both hands busy and such an awkward angle of attack should have sent the basket flying , but it still happened just the same . -rrb- 
 anyone looking in the direction of their feet might also have noticed a periodic kick directed at an ankle . 
 otherwise , they completed their journey in tolerable enough toleration of each other . 
 they even forwent looking at each other and instead spent their time smiling happily at the crowd with occasional waves given between tossing handfuls of petals . 
 it worked well enough -lrb- or well enough for ashley to refrain from interceding in their progress , and as you have seen , she is obviously the one whose opinion mattered -rrb- given the already far too chaotic and lacking in routine events of the day . 
 the important thing being that the petals got scattered down the aisle -lrb- and there were no bloodshed level injuries either induced or received by the ones doing the scattering -rrb- . 
 they once again seemed to move in perfect charity -lrb- and unison -rrb- with each other as they reached the end of the now petal covered aisle . 
 all elbow throwing -lrb- however it was that it had managed to occur -rrb- came to an end , and the death grips on the basket ceased to be -lrb- which was excellent because i am not sure that the handle would have survived much longer under the pressured assault to its structural integrity that it had been enduring -rrb- . 
 this could be because the contested over flower girl job had reached the end of its doableness , they might suddenly have recalled their age and supposed maturity level , or it might be that they both found something more important than their grievance with each other to take up their attention . 
 that something more important being their proximity to the best man . 
 their earlier animosity was completely forgotten in their united attempt to attract bart 's attention -lrb- from his busy day of pouting -rrb- to themselves . 
 they paused at the end of the aisle again to eyelash flutter , wave , and smile coquettishly until bart ended his sulking long enough to flash them a debonair smile in return . 
 pleased with themselves -lrb- or with the attention -rrb- the two sank into the pew on the groom 's side front row with the flower girl 's basket between them and no sign that there had ever been anything but perfect harmony in their thoughts and actions to be observed . 
 one might ponder at length the whys and whats of the thought processes that had produced such behavior and its sudden end , but i would advise against attempting the mental exercise -lrb- some things are just better off not understood -rrb- . 
 looking relieved at this acceptable -lrb- and nonviolent -rrb- conclusion of the flower girl procession , ashley started to make her solo walk down the aisle . 
 it was almost startling in its uneventfulness as it felt like the first calm moment that the wedding had had -lrb- and the wedding proper had technically not really even gotten started yet -rrb- . 
 the atmosphere in the room was changed so much under the influence of this one normal moment that the guests responded to the maid of honor 's entrance as if they were watching the bride herself -lrb- except for the standing part because that just would have been overkill -rrb- . 
 it seemed that everything was back on track , and everyone could settle in to view the further problem free event in peace . 
 -lrb- most people did not even notice that ashley was doing someone else 's job as well . 
 she had tucked the ring bearer 's pillow in behind her bouquet in a way that prevented its presence from being blatantly obvious . -rrb- 
 all was going well until her progress was halted by a cane sticking out into her path . 
 -lrb- do you really require two guesses let alone three ? -rrb- 
 `` girl ! 
 stop there ! 
 i want to see those flowers . '' 
 chessie demanded as ashley barely managed to prevent herself from tripping over the obstacle that had appeared in her path . 
 `` how do you expect me to see from way back here ? 
 i 'm 99 years of age ! '' 
 the woman complained as if she believed it was all ashley 's fault that she had been relegated to a less than optimal seating position . 
 ashley took it all in stride . 
 she paused , tolerantly , and held out the flowers so that chessie could see them . 
 this did not appease chessie who instead snatched them out of ashley 's hands so that she could examine them even more closely . 
 ashley was not fazed . 
 she merely took that opportunity to move over to where bart was standing . 
 some of the guests thought she was continuing on without her flowers . 
 some of them thought she was finally going to break derek 's cell phone . 
 some of them -lrb- the ones who actually assessed the situation correctly -rrb- thought that she was about to make a request of bart and braced themselves for another display of openly -lrb- and loudly -rrb- acknowledged heartbreak . 
 she held out the ring bearer 's pillow . 
 bart did not seem to catch on to what she was suggesting that he do . 
 instead of recognizing the situation and holding the pillow -lrb- like any normal person would have done when faced with the situation -rrb- , he looked down at the pillow then up at ashley in confusion -lrb- which may have been an improvement over the previous sulking expression that had remained on his face since he realized that the minister was not actually commiserating with him during the cut off beginning of the funeral service -rrb- . 
 `` would you hold that ? '' 
 she asked him pleasantly when she did not receive the expected response in a reasonable amount of time -lrb- still extending the fluffy pink -- what else -- pillow toward him -rrb- . 
 he continued to look back and forth from her to the pillow as his lower lip began to tremble . 
 ashley merely shook her head at him before thrusting the pillow into his arms and turning her back on him . 
 this seemed to be the final straw that broke what may have been bart 's attempt to control himself for a little while -lrb- or it might have been that he had not found a reason to cry in some time and this reason seemed as good as any to start up again -rrb- . 
 `` no one appreciates what i suffer ! '' 
 he exclaimed looking extremely put out and adding a glare for the cushion he held between his hands as if it had in some way wronged him . 
 `` i appreciate you , bart . '' 
 two voices from the front row contradicted his assertion earnestly . 
 the two greeters/ushers/guest book attendants/candle lighters/flower girls smiled up at him from their seat -lrb- luckily , they did not seem to mind being in competition with each other when it came to gaining attention from bart -rrb- and waited for his response . 
 he did not say anything , but he did look up from his attempt to light the ring bearer 's pillow on fire with his eyes . 
 he , instead , focused a curious gaze on the two women in front of him and waited to see what else they would say . 
 `` i think you 're wonderful . '' 
 one of them informed him graciously as the other nodded her agreement . 
 `` you 're so sensitive . '' 
 that one informed him before the two looked at each other and giggled school girlishly . 
 they then looked back to bart and waited to see how their compliments would be received . 
 bart smiled at them for a moment and tapped the area over his heart with his hand to demonstrate that he was touched . 
 `` so sweet , '' he told them . 
 they smiled happily in response to his acceptance of their sentiments . 
 they looked rather pleased with themselves -lrb- not that the majority of the guests could see that as their backs were to the crowd -rrb- . 
 bart began to blow appreciative kisses in their direction -lrb- looking very much like an overly enthusiastic toddler who has recently mastered the skill and wants to take every opportunity to show it off to anyone who will pay attention -rrb- . 
 this lasted just long enough for ashley to begin to take a step in his direction to intercede . 
 whether he saw this and decided to cut it short or he was merely finished , the kisses ended . 
 his smile turned back into a pensive frown , and he shook his head sadly at his front row admirers . 
 `` alas , my heart is still broken , '' he concluded . 
 his recent composure -lrb- and astonishingly good mood -rrb- disappeared completely as his face continued to cloud over and tears began to slide down his cheeks in earnest . 
 he made no move to reach for his handkerchief this time . 
 he merely let the tears run unchecked as he took great sniffling breaths and raised his hands in a gesture of supplication . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 he called out in something between a yell and a half strangled sobbing sort of a sound . 
 the sound of the name attracted derek 's attention , but it was not enough for him to actually hang up the phone . 
 he turned around and covered the mouthpiece again as he scanned the audience for any sign of her . 
 `` where ? '' 
 he demanded looking at bart in confusion -lrb- he either did not note the tears , he did not care , or he was already used to the sight of them -rrb- . 
 he pushed himself up onto tiptoe as he peered in the direction from whence his bride should be coming before he looked back at bart for an answer . 
 when bart made no response , he shifted his questioning look to ashley instead . 
 this , of course , successfully brought ashley 's attention back to the piece of plastic still desperately clutched against his ear -lrb- probably a poor decision on his part -rrb- . 
 ashley sounded nothing so much as exasperated -lrb- although there was an edge of tiredness in her voice as well which could have been caused by either the repetitious nature of her dealings with derek or the day in general -rrb- . 
 `` derek ! '' 
 the word was practically a scolding all on its own . 
 he looked shocked at the loudness of her tone and even jumped a little bit before his eyebrows shot up to his hairline and disappeared . 
 `` turn off the phone . '' 
 her voice had turned back to that calm , dangerous level that it had been exhibiting earlier . 
 this time , however , proved to be different . 
 derek was actually paying attention . 
 he slid the phone away from his head -lrb- as if he were wary of making any sudden movements that might draw further ire -rrb- and held it behind his back -lrb- as if that might be enough to appease her -rrb- . 
 ashley stared him down -lrb- as his attempt at appeasement via out of sight out of mind crashed and burned -rrb- . 
 he made a production of slowly and carefully placing the phone onto the railing of the choir loft behind him -lrb- in the exaggerated manner that one would use were one making an appearance as the suspect relieving himself of his weapon in a police procedural drama -rrb- . 
 ashley rolled her eyes at his behavior and turned around . 
 derek snatched the phone back up as soon as he was clear of her field of vision and started speaking softly again periodically checking ashley 's position from the corner of his eye as he edged partially behind bart -lrb- who was too absorbed in his display of grief to notice that he was being used as a human shield -rrb- . 
 ashley returned to chessie 's pew and waited next to the woman who still had her nose buried in the bouquet of flowers examining the ribbon that was wound around the handle with more intensity of focus than should have been required . 
 she did not notice -lrb- or did not choose to notice -rrb- her niece 's presence as she waited by her side . 
 `` may i have my bouquet ? '' 
 she asked syrup sweetly after a couple of beats of waiting for an acknowledgement had gone by with no result . 
 chessie looked up at her and the expression on her face . 
 apparently , something she saw led her to decide that the time for her shenanigans had come to an end . 
 she handed the flowers over without a word . 
 ashley took them with a smile that appeared pleasant enough -lrb- even though chessie seemed to find something else in it -rrb- and finished her journey to the front of the sanctuary without further incident . 
 some of the guests tensed up as they waited for whatever unexpected event that might happen next . 
 derek , we will note , had shifted even further behind bart so that the two had nearly traded positions . 
 it was not as though bart gave any indication that he minded being edged into what should technically be the groom 's place in front of the pulpit . 
 her promenade -lrb- overextended as it had been -rrb- to the front of the sanctuary thus completed , ashley smiled expectantly at the archway at the back of the sanctuary before giving a small nod in the direction of the balcony . 
 the cue was duly heeded by the waiting sound tech . 
 the music coming from the speakers changed to a soft piano arrangement of canon in d , and the gathered guests all turned to look at the back as they waited for a sign that it was time to rise . 
 there was , however , no bride to be seen as the curtains leading to the ready room remained firmly closed . 
 thus , the guests remained seated and looked at each other in confusion as they wondered if there was something that they were missing about the order of the processional -lrb- which was likely rapidly approaching whatever the record might be for the length of a wedding processional for a service that included only one bridesmaid as an attendant -rrb- . 
 the confused looks and internal wonderings morphed into muttered questions whispered to nearest neighbors , and -lrb- still -rrb- no bride ventured forth from the alcove in the back . 
 `` pictures ! '' 
 a harried voice suddenly carried over the soothing sound of the music . 
 the outburst actually came from ashley , but it , at least , was one that had a valid reason for occurring -lrb- she had promised earlier that she would handle the photographer situation -rrb- . 
 she made her way down from the front steps , and ashley grabbed a small camera case that had been sitting on the front row . 
 she pulled a standard digital camera out of the bag and looked speculatively around at the various options presented to her by the people in the crowd . 
 `` you . 
 yes , you . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 she asked settling her gaze on a woman who sat three rows back on the groom 's side . 
 ashley did not wait for an answer -lrb- or chose to ignore the semi answer that was the completely shocked expression displayed on the woman 's face as she turned her head from side to side as if looking for someone next to her that was volunteering -rrb- . 
 ashley moved forward and put the camera into the hands of the by then protesting woman with a reassuring smile . 
 `` i 'm sure you can handle it . 
 just point and click . '' 
 she told her as she backed away with her hands behind her back -lrb- as if to prevent the camera from being returned to them -rrb- . 
 `` they 'll be wonderful . '' 
 leaving the still aghast looking -lrb- and still feebly protesting -rrb- woman in her wake , ashley retook her place on the stairs . 
 catching the sound of the feeble protest , she smiled in the woman 's direction . 
 said woman began to click pictures of the bridal party furiously . 
 it was not the most efficient of methods , but the odds of a reasonable number of decent pictures being taken out of so many were acceptable . 
 ashley looked pleased with both her solution to the absence of a professional to do the picture taking and her chosen replacements manner of jumping in to do the job , and the woman looked relieved to see it -lrb- there was one wedding guest , at least , who had decided that ashley was not someone that she wanted to cross -rrb- . 
 the music continued to play -lrb- having either been restarted or having been on a loop to begin with given the amount of time that had slipped away since the original expectation of the bride 's entrance had occurred -rrb- . 
 everyone continued to wait -- guests and wedding party alike . 
 no bride appeared . 
 everyone began to look at each other nervously except for bart . 
 he did not look nervous at all . 
 he looked pretty much the antithesis of nervous . 
 he looked both pleased and excited . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 he called toward the archway at the back of the sanctuary sounding immensely relieved that there was still no sign of her . 
 `` have you changed your mind ? '' 
 he was very close to bouncing up and down in place and looked for all the world like a three year old for whom christmas had decided to make an early appearance -lrb- for him , it really was probably very like receiving a hoped for yet unexpected present -rrb- . 
 `` do n't come out ! '' 
 he called across the expanse of the sanctuary . 
 `` do n't go through with it , my sweet ! 
 it 's not too late to change your mind ! '' 
 he advised -lrb- or encouraged -rrb- the missing woman . 
 ashley ignored his antics as , quite frankly , did nearly everyone else present -lrb- i suspect that they had become immune due to overexposure -rrb- . 
 she , instead of dealing with bart , began to walk back up the aisle at a much quicker pace than she had gone down it . 
 `` claire , that 's your cue to start , '' she prompted her still not visible cousin as she made her way beyond the guests who were all half turned around and craning their necks to better see the archway and curtains through which the bride should have made her appearance several minutes previously . 
 there was no response -lrb- just as there had been no response to the earlier attempts by both ashley and bart to speak to her -rrb- . 
 ashley pushed open the curtains at the end of the aisle as soon as she reached them . 
 no one in the audience registered that there was anything unusual to be seen -lrb- except for an empty chair in front of a makeup table where the bride should be -rrb- for a few moments . 
 then , those who were in a position to see better than those who were farther away shifted their gaze with ashley 's downward . 
 there was a pile of befrilled , sparkling pink taffeta on the floor at the maid of honor 's feet . 
 one could only assume that somewhere in the midst of the mass of shiny fabric was the bride . 
 everything went still for a moment -- it was like looking at a tableau or the still frame shot in a mystery program as it faded out to commercial . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the number of text messages remaining unopened on his phone increased rapidly in number , but aaron remained unaware of the change . 
 he had put the phone off to the side as he became more engrossed in his meeting , and the tally continued upward unabated . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` claire ! '' 
 ashley exclaimed kneeling down to check on her cousin 's condition heedless of the wrinkles the action was causing in her dress as she did so . 
 no one else could see anything for a bit as there was a general moment of chaos . 
 guests were exclaiming and attempting to shift within their pews in order to get a better glimpse of what was happening . 
 the wedding party had rushed to the back of the sanctuary in mass with their own exclamations of dismay . 
 only reverend knottyer remained in place -- calmly flipping through the pages of his book . 
 -lrb- one might hazard a guess that fainting wedding party members had become old hat to someone in his profession . 
 it was also entirely possible that he was still busy gathering his thoughts or thinking of where else he needed to conduct services that day and simply did not notice that there was a commotion going on a dozen or so yards away from where he was standing . -rrb- 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it 's okay , '' ashley reassured everyone from her spot still kneeling on the carpet by the currently undignified looking bride 's side . 
 `` she 's only fainted . '' 
 claire sat up very carefully with ashley 's assistance . 
 she kept one hand held to the back of her head and moaned repeatedly as ashley helped her into the chair that the maid of honor had nearly been flattened against by the returning candle lighters . 
 `` are you better now ? '' 
 ashley was asking her solicitously as she settled . 
 claire only groaned loudly in response to her cousin 's inquiry and patted her hand to the back of her head . 
 `` did you bump your head when you fell ? '' 
 ashley asked her sounding concerned by the noise that she was making and the production she was making of her head being tender . 
 she turned her attention to the others fluttering around her -lrb- who it would seem were not going to be jumping in to do anything helpful without prompting -rrb- . 
 `` casey , '' she directed the taller of the greeters . 
 `` would you please get me an ice pack ? 
 they 're downstairs in the kitchen . '' 
 she then turned her attention to the shorter woman . 
 `` alex. would you get a glass of water for claire ? 
 from the reception area would be closest . '' 
 casey and alex scattered to go and do as they were bid looking happy to once again be given directions that they could follow instead of standing and wringing their hands and making dismayed noises as they peered over ashley 's shoulder . 
 claire chose that moment to cease her moaning and groaning and looked at ashley petulantly as if the whole incident had been her fault . 
 `` better ? '' 
 she demanded as if the word was an insult . 
 `` better ? '' 
 she repeated in a tone that bordered on disbelieving . 
 `` of course i 'm not better ! '' 
 she continued as if ashley had achieved a level of idiocy that was personally affronting , and she could not fathom why she was being forced to deal with it . 
 `` i have been viciously attacked ! '' 
 she declared throwing her hands up in the air . 
 what purpose the hand throwing was supposed to serve is something i do not know -lrb- perhaps just general dramatics -rrb- , but she nearly made herself come crashing off the chair as she did it . 
 it was lucky for her that ashley reached out and steadied her before she pitched too far to the side . 
 `` what !? '' 
 the group exclamation reverberated off the walls in various pitches and levels of volume before giving way to a dozen scattered conversations . 
 claire actually looked pleased with the sensation she was causing . 
 she had at least one reason to be proud as her announcement had accomplished something that nothing else on this crazy , chaotic day had done so far . 
 derek hung up his cell phone . 
 he did not simply pull it away from the side of his head or drop it to his side while he turned his temporary attention to the bride . 
 he actually hung up on the person with whom he had been speaking . 
 he even put it away in his pocket before kneeling on the floor beside claire 's chair -lrb- causing ashley to shift further to the side to make space for him to do so -rrb- and commencing to hover with worry over her . 
 claire was soaking up the attention that was being showered upon her by her fiancé -lrb- if his earlier behavior was any indication , attention from him had likely been in short supply -rrb- . 
 they were making soft comments to each other that even those standing closest to the pair could not make out -lrb- not that any of them would have wanted to be privy to what they were saying -rrb- . 
 derek kissed claire 's hand and tutted over her looking focused and concerned -lrb- cell phone completely forgotten -rrb- . 
 she was practically glowing as she smiled and whispered responses to each of his whispers and looking as if there was nothing wrong in her world . 
 it might have been a happy domestic scene if not for what she had just claimed had happened to her -lrb- that fact did not prevent the cooing sound that some of the guests were making at the visual the couple presented -rrb- . 
 this went on for a few minutes unabated -lrb- perhaps everyone was so shocked by a combination of claire 's claims and derek 's abandoning of his cell phone that they needed time to recover -rrb- . 
 for whatever reason , everyone -lrb- even bart -rrb- let them have their moment without interruption . 
 derek leaned in closer and appeared to ask her something to which she responded by nodding , scooting closer to him , and clutching at his arm . 
 `` oh derek ! '' 
 she began dramatically and paused while he squeezed her hand and patted her knee . 
 `` it was awful ! '' 
 she waited for another pat or squeeze , but they did not seem to be forthcoming the second time . 
 `` i was sitting at the mirror finishing my makeup when someone snuck up behind me and hit me over the head . '' 
 she declared -lrb- sounding as if she were narrating the opening sequence of a horror film -rrb- . 
 she looked up as various gasps and comments broke out amongst the guests but were quickly shushed by those who did not want to chance missing out on hearing anything important . 
 `` it was so sudden , '' she exclaimed as soon as the chatter had died down . 
 `` i never saw it coming ! '' 
 claire spoke looking down at derek 's face . 
 `` oh , i 'm so frightened . '' 
 she finished by holding her hands over her heart as though she feared it might come flying out of her chest . 
 the two shared a long , expressive look and rose to their feet where they hugged each other tightly . 
 derek pulled back and looked her over very carefully . 
 she just continued to smile at him still pleased with the attention that she was receiving . 
 `` should we take you to the emergency room ? '' 
 he asked trying to peer over the top of her head as if he might be able to see a lump rising through her hair . 
 he started to pull her in the direction of the door . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she exclaimed digging in her heels and refusing to move with him . 
 she sounded downright panicked . 
 `` no , i 'll be alright . '' 
 she said in a calmer tone before flashing him another brilliant smile . 
 he did not look convinced by her assertion . 
 `` i 'll be brave for you , derek . '' 
 she told him still giving him a winning smile . 
 `` the wedding will go on as planned . '' 
 he contemplated her for a moment before his frown cleared and he raised an eyebrow . 
 he looked a little bit uncertain but strangely hopeful at the same time . 
 `` if you are sure that you are alright ? '' 
 he half asked and half suggested . 
 she nodded happily in response to his acquiescence and moved to straighten out her dress and the loosening headpiece that was sliding further back on her head than it probably should have been . 
 everyone appeared recovered and ready to move forward with the service -lrb- a little confused , perhaps , but recovered and ready none the less -rrb- . 
 `` no ! '' 
 a pained voice cried out . 
 -lrb- well , i suppose we must revise that statement to read that almost everyone appeared ready to move forward . -rrb- 
 bart did not seem to be very happy with the way things were proceeding as the tears returned once more while he fumbled in his pockets to find his well-used -lrb- and likely rather wet -rrb- handkerchief . 
 casey and alex returned from their errands and handed the items they had been requested to retrieve to ashley before they moved to comfort him . 
 there was much hugging , patting of his head , and nose blowing going on as the two women made consoling noises and fluttered around the man who did not brush off their attentions but did not seem inclined to be deterred from his state of mourning by them either . 
 ashley offered the glass of water to claire , but her cousin waved her off as she continued to whisper to derek . 
 ashley slipped back into the curtained room and sat the glass on the table which had claire 's makeup scattered across its top . 
 she returned to the sanctuary -lrb- if moving all of five feet could be allowed the description of returning -rrb- balancing the ice pack in her hand as she moved behind claire and derek . 
 she looked at the back of claire 's head for a moment as if searching for a spot before she attempted to place the ice pack against it . 
 she did not seem to be having much luck finding the appropriate place , but she did not get very far in her searching . 
 `` i 'll do that ! '' 
 claire snapped at her snatching the ice pack out of ashley 's hand as soon as she realized what it was that her cousin was doing . 
 she smacked it up against the back of her upswept hair -lrb- making her headpiece wobble in response -rrb- hard enough that several people winced in sympathy . 
 claire did not appear to be harmed by the action . 
 she shot ashley a look until that woman moved away from her back before she returned her attention to derek . 
 ashley looked at her contemplatively for a moment before shaking her head and frowning at the two of them . 
 she busied herself rubbing her hands together -lrb- likely to warm them back up after holding the ice pack -rrb- . 
 derek looked concerned again after hearing his fiancé 's outburst . 
 he held her away from him and looked her up and down again . 
 he seemed ready to pack her up for that trip to the emergency room that she had dismissed earlier . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 he asked her sounding as if he was not going to cave quite as quickly as he had a few minutes before . 
 he was temporarily distracted by a particularly loud sniffle from bart 's direction , but he quickly returned his attention to his bride . 
 -lrb- ashley stood off to the side shaking her head and looking disappointed in someone , but everyone else seemed too busy in their respective activities to notice . -rrb- 
 claire patted derek 's cheek fondly a few times , and she smiled at him while she sank back into her chair . 
 she ignored the persistent snuffling coming from the side and did not bother to glance in ashley 's direction -lrb- although i am fairly certain that she could feel her cousin 's eyes boring into her -rrb- . 
 `` you 're so sweet to worry . '' 
 she told him holding his hands in hers -lrb- letting the ice pack drop unheeded to the floor in the process -rrb- and trying to look composed and reassuring . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 she stated as if it would irrevocably end the conversation between the two of them -lrb- which , as it turned out , it did -rrb- . 
 apparently , derek was not quite as determined to carry his point as he had appeared . 
 satisfied with his backing down at her assertion , claire shifted her attention to a different person . 
 `` ashley ! '' 
 she commanded . 
 `` go to the ready room and get the necklace for me from the jewelry case . 
 i have n't put it on yet . '' 
 she added in -lrb- in my opinion an unnecessary -rrb- further explanation of her request . 
 ashley did as she was bid -lrb- still looking displeased about something -rrb- and slid out of sight behind the half open curtain . 
 she was gone for two or three minutes before she emerged holding an open jewelry case and looking rather confused . 
 `` have you put it somewhere else , claire ? '' 
 she asked the older woman looking back and forth between her and the case itself . 
 `` of course i have n't . '' 
 claire sounded exasperated . 
 she did not bother to look up , or she might have recognized the incorrectness of her next statement . 
 `` it 's in the case . '' 
 she insisted still focused on derek and their resumed whispering back and forth . 
 `` no , it 's not . '' 
 ashley reiterated turning the open case so that everyone could see that it was empty -lrb- which all of the guests on the far end of the sanctuary leaned forward to confirm -rrb- . 
 claire looked up with a sigh and sprang to her feet -lrb- dropping derek 's hands in the process -rrb- . 
 she snatched it out of ashley 's hand before peering into the open case in disbelief . 
 `` i 've been robbed ! '' 
 claire shouted bordering on hysteria and sinking back into her fiancé 's arms . 
 `` do n't be hysterical , claire . '' 
 ashley chided and rolled her eyes at her cousin 's dramatics in dismissal . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's just laid somewhere . '' 
 she continued starting to turn to go look around the ready room for it . 
 `` it most certainly is not . '' 
 claire stated indignantly as she let the jewelry box drop from her hand and into the chair that she had vacated . 
 she shot ashley a withering glare before turning to bury her head on derek 's shoulder . 
 bart even stopped his sniffling in order to watch what was happening more closely . 
 that decision made casey and alex quite happy because while they were enjoying their roles as comforters , they also really did not want to miss what was shaping up to be an interesting development in the apparently inescapable chronically chaotic events of the day . 
 claire continued arguing her position -lrb- although her voice was somewhat muffled from being filtered through derek 's suit jacket -rrb- . 
 `` i would n't just go around laying great-great grandmother stevenson 's diamonds anywhere , now would i ? '' 
 she insisted sounding increasingly upset -lrb- and not a little bit insulted by the implication that she would have lost track of the family heirloom in question -rrb- . 
 everyone in the room did not share her agitation -lrb- not that they should have -rrb- . 
 ashley was looking as if her confusion and disappointment might be edging toward something a little angrier . 
 bart was looking somewhat interested -lrb- interested enough , anyway , that his sobbing seemed to have been forgotten -rrb- . 
 casey and alex were both looking rather excited . 
 `` that must be why you were attacked , '' casey informed claire leaning forward in a confidential manner . 
 `` someone was after the necklace , '' alex added for clarification . 
 `` but that 's not why i ... , '' claire seemed to catch herself and refrained from finishing her thought . 
 she paused for a moment as if deciding something and then plunged ahead with an obviously different train of thought . 
 `` of course , you must be right . '' 
 she agreed with them . 
 `` someone was after the necklace . 
 that must be it . '' 
 ashley frowned at claire who was still standing wrapped up in derek 's arms . 
 derek had his head buried in her hair , so it was not possible to see what his current facial expression might be showing . 
 bart was looking perturbed that derek was the one being hugged . 
 casey and alex were hanging on every word anyone said as if they were filing it away for future repetition -lrb- which is exactly what they were doing as it so happens -rrb- . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's just mislaid , claire . '' 
 ashley finally responded to the assertion of the other three women . 
 she did not look any more convinced despite claire 's apparent instant conversion to casey 's and alex 's way of thinking . 
 -lrb- she also did not appear to be in the sort of mood that would leave her open to persuasion to the view point that they were espousing . -rrb- 
 despite her entrenchment , she did not seem opposed to remaining calm while she asserted her own position . 
 `` we 'll look for it . '' 
 ashley told her cousins in what sounded like a placating sort of a voice . 
 claire -lrb- and everyone else -rrb- did not have the opportunity to respond in any manner to ashley 's disagreement with their pet theories . 
 casey and alex looked about to burst with supports for their side , but they did not have time to utter them . 
 `` let the police look . '' 
 a voice stated from somewhere in the crowd . 
 it took a moment to locate the owner of that voice . 
 there were a plethora of nods of agreement all over the sanctuary from both the attendees and the attendants . 
 derek could even be seen nodding his head against claire 's hair . 
 not everyone was in total agreement on that course of action . 
 claire appeared to be attempting to disentangle herself from her groom-to-be 's jacket . 
 ashley seemed strangely disturbed by the idea of contacting the police -lrb- or maybe not so strangely given how adamant she was that the necklace must be around somewhere -rrb- . 
 claire managed to finagle herself back into a visible position as she pushed derek slightly away from her . 
 she looked frantically around the room attempting to locate the source of the voice that ashley had already identified as belonging to their aunt chessie . 
 `` police ? '' 
 she squeaked looking horrified to be uttering the word . 
 her eyes finally settled on the back of chessie 's head as she realized whose voice it had been that made the -lrb- to her anyway -rrb- unappreciated suggestion . 
 chessie -lrb- still facing the front of the sanctuary as if the turmoil going on in the back was beneath her notice -rrb- did not bother to respond to her niece . 
 the other disapproving niece decided to try her luck . 
 she did so in a calm , rational tone -lrb- as opposed to claire 's bizarre panic -rrb- . 
 `` there is no need for the police , aunt chessie . '' 
 ashley told her . 
 she waited , but chessie still offered no further response . 
 `` i 'm sure the necklace is around here somewhere . '' 
 ashley tried again . 
 she received a response this time , but i doubt it was the one which she was trying to elicit . 
 `` too late . '' 
 the woman announced with a triumphant little chuckle as she held a cell phone above her head . 
 she waved it back and forth with a self-satisfied smirk -lrb- which only those in her own pew were able to see because she was still resolutely facing forward -rrb- . 
 she lowered the hand holding the phone and fumbled with the clasp of her handbag so that she could return it to its depths . 
 her announcement seemed to have knocked those in disagreement into temporary silence . 
 ashley and claire looked at her in disbelief before giving a quick glance in each other 's direction . 
 they returned their gaze forward quickly when they realized that they were both checking each other 's reactions . 
 `` aunt chessie ! '' 
 claire reproached as she became the first to break the silence . 
 the rest of the assembled used the opportunity to begin to chatter as well , but they were all on chessie 's side of the disagreement . 
 it all seemed simple enough to them . 
 if someone got bashed over the head , you called the police . 
 if someone stole a piece of heirloom jewelry , you called the police . 
 it would , of course , disrupt the wedding something awful , but the carlisle girls -lrb- half of them anyway -rrb- were taking things too far in their attempt to make everything go smoothly . 
 a few of the guests chuckled to themselves at that last thought . 
 it was far too late for everything to go smoothly . 
 they might as well sort everything out properly . 
 maybe they could reschedule the wedding for another day ? 
 they might find that they had better luck starting over than trying to salvage what was currently in front of them . 
 `` you were attacked , claire . '' 
 derek reminded her softly touching her shoulder to redirect her attention back to him . 
 claire only frowned at him and crossed her arms as she got the idea that this conversation was not going to go the way that she wanted it to go . 
 she did not look pleased at this assertion of his opinion over her preference . 
 `` it 's only sense to call in the police . '' 
 he encouraged while doing an admirable job of ignoring her frown . 
 a frown of his own took over his features , though , as a new thought seemed to occur to him . 
 `` although , this will be problematic for our schedule . '' 
 he reflected . 
 he looked thoughtful for a moment before his face brightened . 
 `` could we go ahead and start the wedding while we wait for them to get here ? '' 
 he asked her sounding hopeful -lrb- either he had obviously not learned his lesson from asking a similar question of ashley earlier , or he thought that claire might be more receptive to the suggestion -rrb- . 
 if he was hoping for a happy agreement that would direct them immediately down the aisle , he was quite wrong . 
 claire 's defensive , arm crossed posture did not lessen one bit . 
 the tension in it might actually have increased at his final suggestion . 
 -lrb- bart , by the way , was looking increasingly hopeful the tenser she got . -rrb- 
 `` i ca n't possibly get married without the stevenson diamonds , derek . '' 
 she argued -lrb- sounding more incensed at this idea than she had at the implication that she had misplaced them -rrb- . 
 she was looking quite put out with the man standing next to her -lrb- who was either braver than he looked , or not with it enough to know that he was treading very dangerous ground -rrb- . 
 `` it 's bad luck . '' 
 she reminded when he did not offer any response . 
 she threw up her hands in disgust at the blank look that was on his face and turned to look at ashley . 
 `` we 'll have to postpone . '' 
 she declared . 
 there was murmured approval all over the church as the guests decided that claire was finally seeing sense . 
 how many hints did one determined bride need ? 
 the murmurs were overshadowed , however , by a shout that drowned out the combined crowd noise all by itself . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 that early christmas had once again showered down upon bart 's universe . 
 he actually jumped up and threw his fist in the air in his joy . 
 the wedding party continued to ignore his antics while the guests were quickly redirected elsewhere . 
 there looked to be quite the showdown about to ensue between the bride and the groom over claire 's declaration . 
 `` that is nonsense . '' 
 derek stated dismissively once again ignoring the very visible physical signs that claire was getting angrier at him with each word that came out of his mouth . 
 all of the married men in the congregation winced as they watched him dig himself in deeper and wondered if he was really , in fact , that clueless or simply had a death wish . 
 `` what 's a necklace got to do with it ? '' 
 he demanded of claire sounding agitated as he spoke . 
 if he had chosen his next words very -lrb- and it would definitely have had to have been very -rrb- carefully , then he might have redeemed his comments and salvaged the situation . 
 he could have chosen to say something sweet -lrb- clichéd and corny , but sweet -rrb- like `` why do we need luck when we have each other '' or `` i 'm already the luckiest man in the world because i have you . '' 
 neither of those options seemed to occur to him because what he did say was not calculated to win claire over -lrb- or to make him any friends amongst the guests who were almost all friends of claire 's family -rrb- . 
 `` we 're on a schedule ! '' 
 the married men in the audience were still wincing and bracing themselves for the explosion that they were sure was going to be coming . 
 the married women were looking at their husbands in disbelief as if they were saying `` you better not be capable of saying something so stupid . '' 
 this led to the married men fluttering their hands animatedly in front of themselves as if to wipe away any suggestion of involvement . 
 it seemed to work as the married women then finally nodded in satisfaction with their husbands ' answers and turned their irate glares back at the offending party -lrb- namely the still oblivious derek -rrb- . 
 as all of this took place with only a combination of hand gestures and eye contact , the unmarried persons were very confused by what sort of commotion seemed to have simultaneously engulfed a significant chunk of the guests . 
 getting back to derek , there was only one thing that could extricate him from such a poorly chosen end to his disagreement with his fiancé -lrb- whose eyes were about to pop out of their sockets because she was glaring at him so intensely -rrb- . 
 luckily for him , that one thing happened . 
 his phone rang . 
 he turned his back on claire as he dug it out of his pocket . 
 the married men braced themselves again at this breach of sanity , and their wives glared at them as if they were the ones at fault . 
 helplessly gesturing in derek 's direction , they relaxed when their wives went back to glaring at him . 
 the singles looked at each other in confusion trying to figure out what it was that they were missing . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 derek shot over his shoulder at claire -lrb- whose eyeballs , miraculously , were still managing to stay within the confines of their sockets -rrb- . 
 he flipped the phone open . 
 `` delune . '' 
 he stated , and he was immediately engrossed once again in conversation to the exclusion of all other happenings in the room . 
 those who had previously commented that anyone who was marrying a carlisle girl must be alright were reconsidering their opinions and wondering whether claire was going to call things off publicly or ask for a private moment . 
 derek would not be winning any popularity contests in granville bay any time in the near future -lrb- possibly never after the gossip grapevine got hold of everything that had happened -rrb- . 
 derek , it is likely unnecessary to point out , was untouched by any of the speculation or murmuring . 
 he wandered forward as he spoke completely oblivious to what he was leaving in his wake . 
 he took a seat in a front row pew and continued to talk business with whatever associate had called him loudly enough that the front four rows could tell you all the details later -lrb- which they would have been happy to do -rrb- . 
 claire visibly deflated as derek walked away from her without a backward glance . 
 ashley 's frown was replaced with a look of concern -lrb- and possibly of understanding -rrb- as she brought her cousin a tissue and rubbed circles on her back as claire dabbed at her eyes . 
 their moment of understanding was interrupted as a new person came rushing through the door . 
 he wore a trench coat and was flashing a badge in every which direction -lrb- which naturally made it impossible for anyone to actually see what it said -rrb- . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ashley 's phone was receiving a text message that she would remain unaware of as her cell was turned to silent and still sitting on the little table next to the chair that claire had vacated . 
 it was from aaron informing her that his meeting looked as if it might be letting out early , so he might make it back in time for the tail end of the reception -lrb- he would still have to check in at the station first -rrb- . 
 also , did she have any idea why he had 17 different messages from her aunt chessie -lrb- none of which made any sense -rrb- ? 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` inspector pritchard , '' the man introduced himself . 
 `` i understand there have been both an assault and a robbery ? '' 
 `` that was fast ! '' 
 casey exclaimed regaining her earlier animation . 
 `` it 's like you were already here ! '' 
 alex agreed . 
 the man looked a little bit uncomfortable at their comments . 
 he also looked a little sheepish -lrb- which is a phrase that everybody seems to use , but hardly anyone ever actually sees demonstrated -rrb- . 
 he opted for honesty . 
 `` well , actually , i was . '' 
 he admitted . 
 `` really ? '' 
 casey requested . 
 `` does this have to do with the rash of wedding jewelry burglaries ? '' 
 alex sounded pleased to have drawn the conclusion . 
 `` were we under surveillance ? '' 
 casey continued . 
 `` was it because of that article the paper ran on the stevenson diamonds being family wedding heirlooms ? '' 
 alex was on a roll . 
 `` yes , actually . 
 all of that . '' 
 the inspector looked disappointed that someone else knew what was happening . 
 `` how in the world did the two of you know that ? '' 
 ashley requested as the two of them were busy whispering back and forth to each other . 
 the two looked at each other for a moment before shrugging . 
 `` we know all the gossip . '' 
 they stated in unison as they smiled at her . 
 the inspector looked at them for a moment in surprise before directing his question to ashley . 
 -lrb- this was a wise decision on his part . 
 it also implied that he was a man who caught on quickly . -rrb- 
 `` do they always talk like that ? '' 
 he sounded as if he thought they might have been mocking him . 
 `` twins . '' 
 ashley replied with a shrug as if that one word covered it . 
 the inspector did not seem to think so as he looked back and forth between the two women and their height difference . 
 `` fraternal . '' 
 ashley explained further with a small chuckle . 
 she smiled at him and held out a hand to the bemused police officer . 
 `` ashley easten , maid of honor . '' 
 she told him as he shook her hand . 
 `` you must be the new recruit at the department -- welcome to granville bay . 
 i 'm sorry that my aunt troubled you . '' 
 she continued once the introductions were out of the way . 
 `` we 've just mislaid a piece of jewelry . 
 it 'll turn up . '' 
 `` i was told that there had been an assault . '' 
 the man insisted looking at ashley with suspicion . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 bart inserted himself into the conversation . 
 `` my beloved claire has been horribly injured . 
 you must find the fiend ! '' 
 he attempted to put his arm around claire . 
 she shrugged him off , and he pouted . 
 `` i 'll do my best , mr. delune , '' pritchard answered him watching the way claire had brushed the man off with a glint in his eye as if he were internally making notes . 
 ashley shook her head and pointed to the front row . 
 `` that 's mr. delune , up there . '' 
 derek -lrb- responding to the use of his name which implies that he was , in fact , paying more attention than everyone had been giving him credit for -rrb- gave a small wave to indicate his position . 
 `` this is ... , '' ashley began with an elegant turn of her wrist . 
 `` bartholomew baxter butler-smythe , '' bart finished off his introduction without offering his hand -lrb- he did not seem inclined to move far enough away from claire to do so -rrb- . 
 `` if claire were my fiancé , then i never would have allowed such a thing to happen . '' 
 he tried to pat the object of his obsessiveness , but she swatted his hand in response . 
 bart burst into tears and casey and alex escorted him -lrb- with much fussing -rrb- down to the front to sit by derek . 
 `` bart is our best man . '' 
 ashley explained as a disbelieving looking pritchard stared after the shushing women as they steered the sobbing man between them . 
 `` you 'll have to excuse him , '' she paused as if considering her phrasing very carefully . 
 `` he 's a little overly dramatic . '' 
 `` claire ! '' 
 bart apparently felt the need to illustrate ashley 's point for her . 
 `` i 'm very sorry , but might i inquire if this delay is going to be extensive ? '' 
 rev. knottyer spoke from the pulpit . 
 several people jumped . 
 everyone had forgotten that he was there . 
 `` i 'm afraid it may be . '' 
 ashley replied with a glance at the police officer . 
 `` i was wondering ... , '' the reverend trailed off uncomfortably . 
 `` the hasselmeyer funeral ? '' 
 ashley inquired giving him a small smile that indicated that she understood why he was asking . 
 `` yes . 
 i could come back after ? '' 
 he offered . 
 `` that 's probably best . '' 
 ashley told him . 
 he hurried out before anyone else could object to his absence . 
 `` i must ask you , ms. easten , to understand that i am the one in charge here . '' 
 inspector pritchard chided her sounding upset -lrb- whether it was with her or with himself is for you to determine -rrb- . 
 `` you just allowed a potential suspect to leave the scene of the crime . '' 
 he told her apparently expecting contrition on her part . 
 `` rev. knottyer ? '' 
 ashley barely smothered her laughter . 
 `` besides , i 've already told you , we have no reason to believe that that necklace was stolen . '' 
 `` you seem very determined to gloss over the assault on the bride , ms. easten , is there a reason for that ? '' 
 he asked narrowing his eyes at her and looking her over calculatingly . 
 `` ashley ? '' 
 derek inquired hanging up his phone -lrb- for the second time -rrb- . 
 `` where did the minister go ? '' 
 `` rev. knottyer will be back later , derek . '' 
 she responded not even turning to look at him -lrb- she was busy engaging in a staring match of sorts with the police officer -rrb- . 
 `` later ? '' 
 he parroted in disbelief . 
 `` ashley ! '' 
 it sounded accusing . 
 `` you know we have a schedule ! '' 
 `` you do n't seem to have a great deal of concern for your bride , mr. delune . '' 
 pritchard commented switching to a different recipient for his suspicious look -lrb- it was somewhat wasted on derek as he was not looking in the officer 's direction -rrb- . 
 `` concern ? '' 
 derek said as if it were an unfamiliar word that he was pronouncing . 
 `` you 're fine , are n't you ? '' 
 he asked claire sparing a quick glance in her direction . 
 his phone rang again , and he turned to answer it without waiting for her to reply . 
 `` derek is in the midst of some very important business arrangements , inspector pritchard . '' 
 claire attempted to explain for him . 
 `` naturally , he 's a little distracted by it all . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 pritchard did not sound as if he found it very `` natural '' at all . 
 `` if the two of you would move to the front of the church , '' he suggested . 
 -lrb- it is only polite to refer to it as suggested , but it was really a politely voiced order . -rrb- 
 the cousins did as they had been asked -lrb- or ordered -rrb- as he noticed madame suzette starting to get up from her seat . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 he ordered pointing at the woman so that there could be no confusion about the object of his command . 
 `` no one else leaves this building until we settle this . '' 
 everyone took their seats and waited for him to continue . 
 `` now that we are all settled , we can get down to business . '' 
 he announced taking a lecturing stance at the base of the pulpit stairs and pulling a notebook and pen from some interior pocket of his coat . 
 `` has anyone who does n't belong at the wedding been here today ? '' 
 `` i do not belong here . '' 
 madame suzette announced from her seat . 
 `` this travesty of a wedding was not my doing . 
 i scoff at this wedding . 
 scoff . 
 ha . 
 this is what happens when you attempt a wedding without madame suzette ! '' 
 `` was that a threat ? '' 
 pritchard inquired looking intrigued . 
 `` no . 
 no . '' 
 madame suzette continued contritely . 
 `` there is no threat . 
 i will be silent . 
 i will say nothing . 
 no one can blame madame suzette for this tragedy . '' 
 she folded her arms and settled further into her seat huffing . 
 pritchard looked at ashley for an explanation -lrb- she , apparently , emitted a vibe of being the person in charge that was impossible for anyone to ignore -rrb- . 
 `` madame suzette was the wedding planner , '' she began her explanation . 
 `` she and claire had a ... stylistic disagreement and have parted ways . '' 
 she offered . 
 `` style ! 
 have you looked at that dress ? '' 
 madame muttered -lrb- but not quite quietly enough -rrb- from the back . 
 claire huffed and made a gesture with her hands as if to imply the words `` you see why i fired her . '' 
 `` that 's one disgruntled former employee . '' 
 pritchard stated making marks in his small notebook . 
 `` i protest ! '' 
 madame declared rising to her feet . 
 pritchard merely glared at her , and she settled back into the pew -lrb- still huffing -rrb- . 
 `` as some of you apparently know , '' pritchard began looking at casey and alex. `` there have been a rash of jewelry heists at weddings of late . 
 this assault business does n't match the pattern . 
 all the other robberies have been subtle . 
 everyone assumed , '' he paused to glare at ashley , `` that the items in question had been mislaid . 
 consequently , the thefts were n't reported until much later . 
 given that , we will treat these two events as separate crimes for now . 
 ms. carlisle ? 
 you had the necklace in your possession ? '' 
 `` of course , no one in our family gets married without the stevenson diamonds . '' 
 claire responded . 
 `` and where was the necklace while you were getting ready ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` in the case in the ready room , '' claire answered as if it were a question that should have had an obvious answer . 
 `` could you list for me who entered this room ? '' 
 he inquired with his pen poised over his notebook as if he were ready to take dictation . 
 `` no . '' 
 claire replied seemingly unaware that that was not the answer which he was expecting . 
 `` no ? '' 
 he demanded sending his suspicious look in her direction . 
 `` i went for a short walk earlier . '' 
 claire informed him . 
 `` stress relief , '' she elaborated . 
 `` planning a wedding is very stressful , and i found that i needed some air . '' 
 `` well , that changes things . '' 
 pritchard declared looking at claire as if she was making his investigation purposefully difficult . 
 he began to pump everyone in the room for information by rattling off a series of questions barked at various members of the assembled group . 
 `` you there , did you see anyone entering the bridal room '' and `` what have you noticed of a suspicious nature '' being the most prevalent . 
 he was not really very successful . 
 -lrb- i suspect that was because most of the guests were so caught off guard at being spoken to in such a manner that he had moved on to the next person and question before they could formulate a response . -rrb- 
 after a few minutes of this , he threw his hands in the air in exasperation and declared `` i suppose i 'm supposed to believe that no one saw anything , is that it ? '' 
 the pause that followed was incredibly awkward until one timid looking woman about halfway back on the groom 's side raised a nervous hand into the air . 
 after a nod from the inspector , she stated `` well , it probably does n't mean anything , but bart was saying that he would find a way to stop this wedding no matter what . '' 
 pritchard looked pleased , the woman ceased looking timid , and bart looked completely unconcerned about the revelation of this information -lrb- as did the rest of the wedding party , because , honestly , it was not like it was news to any of them -rrb- . 
 `` oh , did he ? '' 
 pritchard whirled to face bart . 
 `` what have you got to say about this ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 bart merely shrugged . 
 `` i should be marrying claire , '' he stated in a tone so matter of fact that he might have been delivering information on the weather . 
 the twins immediately jumped to his defense -lrb- likely pleased to be given the opportunity to do so -rrb- . 
 `` bart is deeply devoted , '' they stated in unison . 
 `` he 's so loyal , '' casey defended dreamily her eyes getting an unfocused look that suggested that she was in danger of losing herself to a daydream -lrb- it would only be reasonable to believe that the daydream in question involved the best man -rrb- . 
 `` it 's so romantic , '' alex cooed as her eyes drifted to an equally unfocused look . 
 they finished off with a collective sigh -lrb- once again in unison -rrb- . 
 inspector pritchard raised an eyebrow as he turned his head toward ashley . 
 she just shrugged and made a sort of `` what can you do '' gesture with her hands . 
 the police officer shook his head and started to say something , but another guest decided to contribute to the information gathering session . 
 `` that one , '' the man in question said giving a sharp nod in derek 's direction to ensure that everyone knew exactly which person in the room he was indicating , `` has had that phone plastered to the side of his head the entire afternoon . '' 
 he gave a small shrug before continuing . 
 `` that strikes me as a bit odd for a man that 's supposed to be getting married today . 
 i do n't make a habit of listening in on conversations that do n't involve me , but if people are going to insist on carrying on on those things out in front of everyone , then they should n't be surprised when everyone ends up knowing their business . '' 
 inspector pritchard made a rolling motion with his wrist as if to indicate that the man should drop his explanations and get on with telling whatever it was that he intended to tell . 
 `` he 's hard up for cash , '' he told the officer bluntly -lrb- having taken the not so subtle direction that he speed things along -rrb- . 
 `` he 's been talking to people all afternoon about how he needs some ready cash to close whatever deal it is that he is working on . '' 
 a few people around nodded their heads in agreement . 
 `` and everyone knows that claire wo n't give ... , '' a small voice shared -lrb- coming from a girl who had stood up in her excitement at being able to add something -rrb- . 
 what it was that claire would not do remained unsaid , however , as derek spoke over the tween whose mother was yanking her back down into the seat -lrb- we can only presume because she had been about to report something that she had heard from one or both of her parents that they had not intended to have repeated -rrb- . 
 `` i 'm not about to deny that i 'm make or break by a margin of a couple of thousand at the moment , '' he looked at inspector pritchard as he spoke , but his comments were addressed to the group as a whole -lrb- further indicating that derek had maybe been a little less completely oblivious to everything going on around him than he had seemed -rrb- . 
 `` that , however , has nothing to do with the matter at hand . 
 let 's be clear about the situation . 
 my fiancé was attacked , and i want to know what you intend to do about it . '' 
 he glared at the police officer who looked a little taken aback by the vehemence in the other man 's tone . 
 `` surely you can see , mr. delune ... , '' he began , but derek was speaking again before he had a chance to complete his sentence . 
 `` see what exactly ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` that i 'm the outsider here in this little small town good old boys club , so everyone 's going to fall all over themselves to make me into the scapegoat ? 
 i 've already noticed that , thanks , '' he stated sarcastically before seeming to calm down and shifting to a less testy tone . 
 `` i want you to make sure that whoever went after claire ca n't do it again . 
 that should be the priority here . 
 all i have seen so far is a lot of time wasted on a group gossip session , or do you really think that someone is suddenly going to jump up and confess because of your oh so wonderful skills of intimidation ? '' 
 he held a hand up to preclude the officer -lrb- who looked like he might be a heartbeat away from sputtering in indignation -rrb- . 
 `` if this is too big of a job for you , then why do n't you take yourself back to the station and have them send over someone who can hack it ? '' 
 he finished -lrb- leaving the vast majority of the room staring at him in stunned silence as they tried to process his change in demeanor -rrb- . 
 `` there is no need for ... , '' inspector pritchard tried to say in a carefully calm tone . 
 `` there 's every need , '' the other man interrupted still sounding agitated . 
 `` derek , darling , '' claire began sounding pleased about something . 
 `` he did n't go in , '' a voice piped up from over on the groom 's side of the aisle before she could say anything else . 
 `` he started to go in the ready room , '' the voice continued , `` but ashley cut him off before he made it . 
 he did n't go in . 
 she chased him off . 
 then , he was sitting up front on that phone most of the rest of the time . 
 we could all see him . '' 
 `` that 's true '' and variations thereon were muttered around the room . 
 `` i did catch him outside the curtain , '' ashley spoke up at that point . 
 `` i chewed him out for trying to peek at claire before the wedding , and he was , most definitely , outside the room when i stopped him . '' 
 `` i see , '' the inspector commented rapidly scribbling notes on his pad of paper -lrb- and not really sounding as if he actually did see at all -rrb- . 
 he appeared to be scribbling a lot more words than the information that he had been given warranted , but it is difficult to assess someone else 's speed and duration of writing when one can not actually see what the person in question is doing . 
 `` excuse me , '' a woman called from the back in an attempt to gain his attention . 
 it sort of worked . 
 he held up a hand gesturing for her to wait a moment before he continued to scribble away . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he asked her after a couple of minutes of everyone looking around the room uncomfortably . 
 `` i just wanted to say before it came up otherwise that alex went back into the ready room to get her purse earlier , but that was only because i asked her if she would get me a phone number that i needed . 
 she was only in there for a few seconds , but i wanted to tell you the why in case someone else noticed that she was back there and brought it up . '' 
 `` thank you , ma’am , '' he replied giving the woman a small smile . 
 `` this is the type of cooperation that i 'm looking for here . 
 let 's keep things rolling . 
 what else did anyone see or overhear today that might be important ? '' 
 `` well , chessie has been going on for weeks about how someone should put a stop to this whole thing , '' an older woman piped up from her pew . 
 `` she was telling us all at our bridge club that the whole thing was going to be a debacle . 
 that 's no secret at all . '' 
 she gave the police officer who had returned to writing his notes a self-satisfied smile . 
 `` i hardly think that 's grounds for suspicion though , do you ? 
 would n't you be carrying on if one of your relations was getting hitched to that ? '' 
 she pointed an accusing finger at derek -lrb- who was sitting on the steps , leaning against the pulpit , and speaking with someone on the phone again -rrb- . 
 she dropped the pointing finger , raised an eyebrow at the man she was addressing , and waited to see what sort of response he would make to her statement . 
 it was chessie who issued the response instead of pritchard . 
 `` i was in the back , '' she announced sounding pleased to have a chance to control the direction of the conversation for a while . 
 `` as i 've every right to be , '' she continued raising her cane and giving it a shake in pritchard 's direction -lrb- he seemed unable to tear his eyes away from it for a few moments -rrb- . 
 `` claire had stomped off on her little temper tantrum -- going out for some air because she was stressed out , my foot . 
 she was having a fit is what she was doing . 
 since she was n't there for me to give some last minute prewedding advice , i came back out and waited for this tardy group to get in gear -- which they 've still not managed as there has n't been a wedding yet that i 've seen . '' 
 there was really nothing for anyone to say in response to that , so it probably comes as no surprise that people felt a change of subject was in order . 
 `` casey was in the beauty shop the other day saying that ashley was going to have to do something drastic because claire was turning into a monster , '' a teenager offered looking as if she were enjoying her moment of being the center of attention but thought that she should maybe feel a little guilty for telling anyway . 
 inspector pritchard sent another of his suspicious glances in ashley 's direction before thanking the girl and asking who else had something to tell . 
 and with that , the floodgates opened and half of the wedding attendees fell all over themselves to share what they had seen , heard , or speculated upon both at the wedding and in the days leading up to it . 
 everything from chessie complaining at her bridge club about claire 's demanding personality and boorish husband to be being expanded upon to the fact that both of the twins -lrb- not just casey -rrb- mentioned at the beauty parlor that claire was turning into a monster and someone should stop her to the planner 's threats after being fired to derek 's cell phone obsession to a detailed listing of bart 's theatrics to ashley 's nerve wracked state to claire 's never successful attempts at getting derek 's attention were elaborated upon , discussed , argued over , and further detailed by many eagerly helpful additions offered by the twins -lrb- who had difficulty letting any point get brought up without wanting to offer their own insights and a list of what they had heard on the subject that might or might not be relevant -rrb- . 
 chaos reigned for a solid quarter of an hour while chunks of information both potentially relevant and probably completely unrelated to the matter at hand were delivered so quickly it was difficult to tell where one topic ended and another began . 
 the high points of what pritchard gathered in that 15 minute time frame consisted of the point that nearly every member of claire 's family and the wedding party had been seen entering the ready room at some point in the afternoon . 
 madame was sullen , bart was distraught , derek was distracted , ashley thought he was wasting all their time , casey and alex knew more gossip than any human beings should be capable of knowing , claire was flustered and could barely get a word in without ashley talking over her , and aunt chessie was immensely amused by the whole situation -lrb- and had no qualms about expressing either her amusement or her personal opinions on everyone present -rrb- . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` seriously , '' the voice mail aaron left stated . 
 `` is chessie letting one of the children play with her phone ? 
 it 's like i 'm drowning in text messages that say things like `` called it '' with no other explanation . 
 they 're going to keep us for another hour or so , and then i 'll be on my way back . 
 no promises that i 'll get away from chief tanner to spend much time at the reception but save me a piece of cake . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` i think i 'm starting to see how this all works out . '' 
 pritchard commented as the conversations wound down and the guests seemed to run out of things to say . 
 `` everyone remain here , '' he directed giving quick glares at ashley , derek , and madame suzette before he continued . 
 `` i need to make a phone call . '' 
 he moved off to the side of the sanctuary , but those sitting nearest could not manage to make out what he was saying into the cell -lrb- not for lack of trying on their parts -rrb- . 
 claire noticed that her floral headpiece was starting to slide down her forehead at this point -lrb- the fact that it momentarily blocked her vision being a rather good clue that it was no longer staying in its proper place -rrb- , and she -lrb- in regular claire fashion -rrb- decided that it was an emergency of epic proportions that should have as much attention as possible called to it . 
 `` oh , my headpiece ! '' 
 she declared -lrb- loudly enough to ensure that very nearly every eye in the place turned to focus on her -- inspector pritchard and derek being the uninterested hold outs -rrb- . 
 `` ashley ! 
 it 's falling out ! 
 i need some bobby pins . '' 
 she whined in a tone that clearly displayed her belief that it was ashley 's responsibility to set the situation to rights -lrb- and that the bride might be mildly annoyed that her maid of honor had not had the foresight to have already taken care of the problem for her -rrb- . 
 `` i 've got some in my bag . '' 
 ashley told her -lrb- as she was expected to do -rrb- . 
 `` it 's in the back , '' she explained -lrb- even though no one had registered any objections or questions when she had risen from her place on the steps -rrb- . 
 she walked down the aisle and confronted madame suzette -lrb- who was hunkered down in her pew still making the occasional scoffing noise so that no one would be allowed to forget that she was present under duress and extremely put out about it -rrb- . 
 `` could you hand me that bag ? '' 
 ashley inquired of the scowling woman . 
 madame handed her a large black bag -lrb- surprisingly without offering either comment or protest -rrb- . 
 ashley started to open it then did a double take . 
 `` oh , this must be yours . '' 
 she said handing it back to her and gesturing at something in the pew that was not visible to most of those craning their heads to look . 
 -lrb- either they had gotten spoiled and were expecting there to be some sort of a scene for them to view , or they had all gotten bored with sitting quietly while they waited for the police officer to finish his phone call and ashley 's movements were the only thing available to watch . -rrb- 
 `` my bag is sitting beside you . 
 see that charm on the zipper pull ? '' 
 madame suzette made the switch for her -lrb- still resolutely maintaining her silence -rrb- . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 ashley told her -lrb- ignoring the fact that the other woman was not speaking to her -rrb- heading back to the front -lrb- where claire was waiting with one hand on top of her head keeping the headpiece from doing any further sliding -rrb- with her bag . 
 `` you there ! '' 
 chessie shouted -lrb- apparently deciding that she had been quiet for long enough -rrb- pointing her cane at a man across the aisle from her -lrb- who was looking incredibly nervous to find that he had somehow drawn the older woman 's attention -rrb- . 
 `` i 'm thirsty . 
 get me some punch ! '' 
 when the man did not instantly jump up to do her bidding , she started shaking the cane . 
 `` i 'm 102 years old ! '' 
 `` oh , for pity 's sake , aunt chessie , you 're 81 . '' 
 ashley told her -lrb- perhaps she had gotten tired of the ever increasing years in her aunt 's stated age -rrb- as she walked past the woman 's pew and pushed the cane down -lrb- making the man across the aisle look ever so slightly less nervous -rrb- . 
 `` do n't contradict me , girl . '' 
 chessie scolded her nearly smacking one of the people sitting in front of her on the head with her cane as she lifted it to point in ashley 's direction . 
 `` it 's rude . 
 you should respect your elders . '' 
 `` i 'm thirsty too , ashley . '' 
 claire announced jumping into the conversation -lrb- and obviously deciding that there was something more pressing to be attended to than her hair accessories -rrb- . 
 `` fetch me something , will you ? '' 
 ashley dropped her bag into the front pew and headed into the reception area to fetch beverages for her demanding relatives . 
 `` no punch for me ! '' 
 claire called after her as she watched her cousin dip some out for chessie . 
 `` it might stain my dress . 
 i 'll have water , and put it in my special bride 's glass . 
 i want to use it . '' 
 ashley scooped up the glass from the wedding party table and headed for a water pitcher . 
 she did not say anything , but she was looking tense -lrb- more tense , in fact , than she had when she was still trying to convince derek to give up on using his cell phone -rrb- . 
 `` that 's that then . '' 
 pritchard returned to the base of the stairs abruptly -lrb- pocketing his phone as he went -rrb- . 
 `` what i 'm going to need everyone to do is ... , '' was as far as he got . 
 `` oh , ashley , '' claire spoke over him sounding dismayed as something else came to her notice , `` where 's the new photographer ? 
 did n't you get one ? 
 we ca n't have a wedding without a photographer . '' 
 the poor woman ashley had pressed into service shyly raised the camera she was using before snapping off another shot . 
 claire double blinked at her before turning her head back in ashley 's direction . 
 `` we ca n't have a wedding without a professional photographer , '' she insisted . 
 ashley handed chessie her punch as claire continued her tirade . 
 pritchard attempted to interrupt her two or three times , but she just kept going without seeming to notice that there was anyone else present who had anything to say . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 she demanded -lrb- sounding , quite frankly , as if she had just discovered that she had been the subject of some sort of a massive betrayal -rrb- . 
 `` are you trying to ruin my wedding ? 
 and look at the pew bows ! 
 ashley ! '' 
 her head tracked from one side of the aisle to the other in dismay . 
 `` they are n't even straight ! 
 what were you doing all night ? 
 have n't you handled anything at all ? '' 
 she looked straight at her cousin and focused in on the glass that was in her hands . 
 `` did n't you put any lemon in my water ? '' 
 she finally paused for breath , and ashley took over before she could say anything else . 
 `` that is enough ! '' 
 she shouted -lrb- it actually echoed -rrb- . 
 `` i 've had it up to here with your temper tantrums , your last minute changes , and your firing everyone right and left ! '' 
 she declared with accompanying hand gestures that almost sent the water in the glass in her hand flying out of it . 
 `` i 'm finished ! 
 you are nothing but a spoiled brat , and i 'm tired of fixing things for you . 
 this is what i think of your stupid wedding , and your stupid bride 's glass , and this water is perfectly fine without any lemon ! '' 
 she downed the whole glass in one gulp and sputtered for a second -lrb- very nearly choking -rrb- before continuing her tirade of retaliation . 
 `` see ? '' 
 she demanded in a deadly calm voice the boded nothing good to come -lrb- from claire 's standpoint at least , some of the guests were looking quite amused -rrb- . 
 `` no lemon ! 
 it 's still drinkable . '' 
 everyone stared at her stunned except for chessie who applauded happily and called out `` it 's about time . '' 
 `` well , um ... now that that 's over ... , '' pritchard began looking incredibly awkward as he watched ashley in the same manner that one used for a potentially dangerous wild animal that one had discovered was standing too close . 
 this , alas for him , was not his day for being allowed to complete his sentences . 
 ashley made a strange gasping noise before stumbling dizzily toward the closest pew . 
 she barely made it before she collapsed . 
 chaotic exclamations ensued once again as people came to their feet , but bart was louder than all of the rest combined . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he wailed -lrb- in the tone that had been reserved for uttering `` claire '' throughout the rest of the day -rrb- . 
 `` my brilliant plan is ruined ! '' 
 he then seemed to notice that everyone was staring at him and attempted to back pedal . 
 `` i mean poor ashley , whatever could have happened to her ? '' 
 he tried with his best attempt at looking concerned -lrb- which really did not leave him looking all that concerned so much as it left him looking suspicious -rrb- . 
 pritchard momentarily ignored him in favor of bending over ashley and checking her pulse . 
 `` she seems to be fine -- she 's just unconscious . '' 
 he announced to the room at large -lrb- which caused several people who had been standing on their tiptoes and leaning over those in front of them in an attempt to see to sink back into their seats -rrb- . 
 he then turned to bart . 
 `` what do you have to tell us about this ? '' 
 he asked -lrb- strangely , if anyone had been paying attention at the time , not in the harsh barking of questions tone he had been displaying throughout the rest of his time on the scene -rrb- . 
 `` me ? '' 
 bart sounded indignant -lrb- which was a wasted effort as he had very nearly already issued a confession with his initial statement -rrb- . 
 `` what could i have to tell ? '' 
 `` bart ! '' 
 the twins exclaimed outraged -lrb- which caused several persons to blink in their direction at the , as of yet , out of character action of the twins not immediately jumping to the best man 's defense -rrb- . 
 `` do n't tell lies . '' 
 casey admonished him -lrb- looking at the man as if he had just kicked a defenseless kitten across the room in front of her -rrb- . 
 `` your honesty has always been your best feature . '' 
 alex clucked her tongue disappointedly as she frowned at him . 
 `` really ? '' 
 bart sounded surprised . 
 casey and alex nodded encouragingly . 
 `` very well . '' 
 he looked at claire -lrb- rather than at inspector pritchard -rrb- . 
 `` it was all for you , my sweet . 
 i put something in your special glass so that you would be knocked out when you drank anything from it . 
 i was going to abduct you from the reception . '' 
 his voice changed to a pleading tone . 
 `` it would have been just like those romance novels you always tell me about . '' 
 he ended by holding his hands out in her direction as if he were waiting for her to grasp them and tell him how impressed she was with his activities . 
 `` bart ... that 's ... , '' claire seemed to struggle to find the appropriate words to say in response . 
 `` beautiful ? '' 
 bart suggested when he noticed her difficulty . 
 `` the essence of true devotion ? '' 
 he tried . 
 `` the most wonderful thing anyone has ever done for you ? '' 
 `` unhinged . '' 
 claire decreed sneaking a look in the seemingly oblivious derek 's direction as if to see if he would have anything to say on the matter -lrb- he did not -rrb- . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 bart sounded devastated as his hands rapidly patted his pockets for his handkerchief again . 
 `` let 's be clear . '' 
 pritchard attempted to regain control of the situation -lrb- he was , apparently , persistent in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds -rrb- . 
 `` ms. easten is n't in any danger ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 bart sounded insulted that the other man could even think his question worthy of being asked . 
 `` i would never cause harm to claire . '' 
 `` that 's not how i would talk about knocking someone over the back of the head . '' 
 pritchard observed slowly as if he were fishing for what type of response he might get to the suggestion . 
 `` i never . '' 
 bart was insulted again . 
 `` how dare you ! 
 to even suggest such a thing ! 
 i could not harm that beautiful head . 
 it 's so well shaped . 
 the hair is arranged so nicely . 
 it would be a travesty to even think of doing such a thing . '' 
 claire was unimpressed by his litany . 
 `` that 's creepy , '' she informed him as nonchalantly as is possible to accomplish under the circumstances . 
 `` claire ! '' 
 bart began sobbing again as soon as the word was spoken as his shoulders shook with the depths of his despair . 
 he , clearly , was not taking her lack of enchantment with his assertions and behavior very well . 
 `` pull yourself together and get over it ! '' 
 claire demanded in exasperation -lrb- finally out of patience with his antics as most of the rest of the room had been for the majority of the day -rrb- . 
 `` anything that you command . '' 
 bart declared -lrb- all traces of tears suddenly gone as he offered her a smile -rrb- . 
 `` really ? '' 
 claire sounded disbelieving -lrb- not that anyone watching really blamed her for that -rrb- . 
 `` all you had to do was ask . '' 
 bart informed her as if it had been the obvious solution to her dilemma all along . 
 `` well , okay then . '' 
 claire sounded uncertain as she watched the other man very carefully as if afraid that he might break out into sobs again at any moment -lrb- not a suspicion that was entirely without foundation -rrb- . 
 `` that 's settled then , '' she commented after a few moments sounding hopeful . 
 bart made no further response , and claire gave a shrug and a relieved smile in the direction of aunt chessie who shook her head and muttered something under her breath . 
 `` as touching as all this is , '' pritchard again tried to wrest back control of the conversation -lrb- determination still present -rrb- . 
 `` i 'm still conducting an investigation here . 
 mr. smythe ... , '' he began . 
 claire , opting to be oblivious to his attempts , carried on dealing with her own concerns . 
 she felt carefully at the floral piece that was resting precariously where she had pushed it back higher up her head during all the excitement of ashley 's collapse . 
 `` oh , my hairpins , '' she declared as if she had just been momentarily distracted by something completely unimportant . 
 `` i 'm sure ashley wo n't mind . '' 
 she reached for ashley 's bag and held it up and gave it a shake as if to determine how much digging she was going to need to do to arrive at the coveted items . 
 it was , it would seem , more digging than she was interested in doing , so she leaned forward to dump the contents out onto the pew . 
 she gasped as one of the items to fall was a diamond necklace . 
 she reached out and held it up in front of her as if she thought she might be seeing things . 
 `` well , well , well ... does n't that just simplify things ? '' 
 pritchard said clucking his tongue and raising an eyebrow at the item dangling from between claire 's fingers . 
 `` i take it that that is , in fact , the no longer missing item of jewelry ? '' 
 `` that 's it , '' chessie called out as her niece seemed to be frozen in place . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 claire insisted snapping out of her daze as she looked from the necklace to the inspector and back again . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 pritchard asked her . 
 `` i can explain it if you like . '' 
 `` but ashley would n't . '' 
 casey and alex told him with complete certainty as they came to the realization of what the man was implying . 
 `` she would n't need ... , '' they began in unison before the man waved a hand toward the now discarded on the floor black bag from which the necklace had appeared and talked over them . 
 `` and yet the necklace was right there in her bag . '' 
 he responded . 
 `` you do n't know my cousin , inspector pritchard . '' 
 claire said -lrb- all traces of dramatics and whiny bride disappearing as she carefully laid the necklace down -rrb- . 
 `` she could n't possibly have taken it . 
 besides , she had no reason ... , '' claire started to lecture . 
 `` i thought you were out of the room , ms. carlisle ? '' 
 inspector pritchard asked her -lrb- once again not allowing the maid of honor 's cousins to offer their defenses of their family member -rrb- . 
 `` you do n't have any way of knowing that for sure , do you ? '' 
 `` look here , what are you badgering my fiancé for ? '' 
 derek demanded snapping his phone shut and tossing it down onto the pew seat as he stood up to once again face off with the police officer . 
 `` oh , derek , you do care ! '' 
 claire clapped her hands together in excitement as she gave him a look that was nothing short of adoring in nature . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 derek asked her sounding as if he might be just a bit offended . 
 `` you 've been so busy . '' 
 claire looked down at the ground so that she did not have to meet his eyes . 
 `` you never pay any attention to me . '' 
 `` claire , darling , '' he took in a sharp breath as if such a thing had never before crossed his mind . 
 `` i had no idea you felt that way . '' 
 derek knelt in front of her and tilted up her chin . 
 `` you 're more important than anything else . '' 
 `` you scheduled our honeymoon around a business trip . '' 
 claire reminded him making eye contact and sounding just a little accusing . 
 `` we wo n't go if you do n't like it . '' 
 he countered instantly . 
 `` we 'll go anywhere you decide . 
 there will be other deals and other opportunities . 
 there 's only one you . '' 
 -lrb- there were a smattering of `` awes '' that emerged from the guests in response . -rrb- 
 `` well , things are much too much of a mess for us to get married today . '' 
 claire reasoned as a speculative look crossed her features . 
 `` we could reschedule for next saturday . 
 i 'm sure ashley could throw something together . '' 
 she stopped as something seemed to occur to her . 
 `` ashley ... , '' she looked at pritchard accusingly . 
 `` you ca n't possibly believe that ashley was stealing that necklace . '' 
 `` oh , i could make a pretty good case . '' 
 he commented rather nonchalantly . 
 `` she makes a great suspect . 
 she 's had opportunity , she clearly had a reason to resent you , she was reluctant to have the authorities called in , she 's the only member of the wedding party wearing gloves , the necklace was found in her bag ... it 's all circumstantial , but it makes for a neat little wrap up . '' 
 he stopped as he noticed madame suzette standing up in the back . 
 `` i thought i told everyone that they could n't leave ? '' 
 he asked her pinning her in place with a glare . 
 `` but , surely , things are now all resolved . '' 
 she looked startled . 
 `` you have found your assaulting thief . 
 i demand to leave . '' 
 `` who said i had found my thief ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` why you just did so ! '' 
 she declared . 
 `` i said i could make a case against ms. easten . 
 i never said i actually believed any of it . 
 she might be in a bit of a tight spot if i did n't already know something about this case . '' 
 he replied . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 casey and alex asked getting excited again now that they knew the officer was not actually suspecting their cousin . 
 `` that all of the robberies , including this one , have one thing in common . '' 
 pritchard looked pleased with himself . 
 that look did not last long as casey and alex stole his big announcement from him . 
 `` they 're all weddings by madame suzette ! '' 
 the unison exclamation was shouted . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 he sounded disappointed to miss out on making his big reveal . 
 `` we know all the gossip . '' 
 they shrugged and looked at him as if he must be dense to not have caught on to that by now . 
 `` we 've been watching you for a while now , madame suzette , or should i say susan ryan ? '' 
 pritchard turned his attention back to the other woman while he spoke quickly as if he were afraid of being interrupted again -lrb- which was probably a fair enough expectation -rrb- . 
 `` you have n't been quite as clever as you thought you were . '' 
 `` you can prove nothing ! '' 
 madame suzette hollered dropping her accent -lrb- much to the relief of everyone who had to listen to her speaking -rrb- . 
 `` that necklace was in that girl 's bag -- not mine , '' she insisted . 
 `` true , '' pritchard conceded , `` but as ms. easten already pointed out , you have nearly identical bags . 
 i think you made a little mistake when you tucked the necklace away . 
 it 's an easy mistake to make . 
 after all , you usually pass the merchandise off to your partner the photographer to hide in his camera bag . 
 you had to make a sudden change of plans today when ms. carlisle fired him . 
 it 's easy to make mistakes when you are flustered , and i think the sudden disappearance of your partner in crime was enough to fluster you . 
 you can try to deny it , but i think it only fair to tell you that your photographer friend is down at the station singing like a bird even as we speak . '' 
 `` well , it was a good gig while it lasted . '' 
 madame sighed in resignation . 
 `` there are two officers waiting for you at the door . '' 
 pritchard prompted her . 
 `` all things must come to an end i suppose . '' 
 she commented as she exited -- head still held haughtily high . 
 `` there 's just one thing that i do n't understand . '' 
 pritchard stated as he turned back around to face claire . 
 `` why did you pretend to be attacked , ms. carlisle ? '' 
 `` you figured that out ? '' 
 claire sounded shocked that her ploy had been recognized for what it was . 
 `` you did n't see someone sneak up behind you while you were looking in the mirror ? '' 
 he offered with a disbelieving lilt to his tone . 
 `` and you sure do n't act like someone with a sore head . '' 
 `` it 's rather personal , inspector , '' claire told him giving him a wide eyed look that seemed to beg him to leave her with her privacy . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` tanner is demanding that i come to the station as soon as i get back to town , '' the new text message read as it joined its predecessors in the memory of ashley 's phone . 
 `` he seemed to think that i would be tempted to swing by the wedding first . 
 what is going on over there ? '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ `` no skin off my nose , '' inspector pritchard informed claire with a shrug of his shoulders . 
 `` i 'd rather not be involved in personal matters . 
 uh , congratulations i guess , at some point ? '' 
 he asked sounding uncertain as to whether or not it would be appropriate to offer such under the circumstances . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 derek responded as the officer made his way out the door -lrb- he had skedaddled in the awkward silence that followed his congratulations -rrb- . 
 the gathered guests looked at each other wondering if the officer had forgotten to tell them that they were free to go -lrb- and whether or not there was going to be a wedding after all -rrb- . 
 `` claire , you did it because of me , did n't you ? '' 
 derek asked her . 
 `` to get my attention ? '' 
 `` it was childish , '' she replied in the tone of someone who was confessing something . 
 `` i just could n't think of what else to do . '' 
 claire apologized -lrb- sort of , it was close enough for her -rrb- . 
 derek 's phone rang as she spoke . 
 `` i suppose you should get that . '' 
 she told him sounding both disappointed and resigned . 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 he responded ignoring the ringing that persisted in the background . 
 `` we 're getting married , and we 're going on a nice honeymoon with no distractions . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she waited for his nod before breaking out into a huge smile . 
 `` well , we 'll just wait until ashley wakes up , and she can ... , '' claire began plotting . 
 `` i think we 've put ashley through enough , '' derek cut her off before she could get going on her plans . 
 `` let 's just go ahead and have the reception now , and we 'll catch a flight to vegas later this evening . 
 fair enough ? '' 
 `` well , ashley did seem a little stressed , '' claire stated before shaking her head in genuine confusion . 
 `` i ca n't think why , '' she protested . 
 `` she 's not the one getting married . 
 what does she have to be stressed about ? '' 
 `` never mind that , '' derek deftly avoided continuing that conversation . 
 `` vegas ? '' 
 `` vegas . '' 
 claire agreed with a smile as the two headed through to the reception area arms linked with each other and heads together as they whispered back and forth . 
 casey and alex stood -lrb- in unison of course -rrb- and confronted bart . 
 `` well ? '' 
 they asked staring at him as if they were attempting to figure out something that was puzzling them . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he echoed staring back at them looking nothing more than confused . 
 `` are you really over claire ? '' 
 casey asked him sounding strangely dismayed by the prospect . 
 `` it seemed very sudden . '' 
 alex added as though she was cautioning him . 
 `` life goes on . '' 
 bart shrugged as he offered them one of his winning smiles -lrb- that had set the two of them to near swooning all day -rrb- . 
 `` i do n't think that 's very sensitive . '' 
 casey accused frowning at him as if he had done something to cause her disappointment . 
 `` it makes you seem really ... , '' alex trailed off as she looked over toward her sister . 
 `` shallow . '' 
 the two finished together . 
 the two linked their arms and followed the bridal couple out of the room . 
 `` i just ca n't win . '' 
 bart told the guests sadly as he too made his way out of the room . 
 `` oh , my head ... , '' ashley mumbled as she sat up with her hand pressed to her temple . 
 she looked around the room and blinked as she attempted to process what she was seeing and reconcile it with her last memories . 
 `` where is everybody ? '' 
 she wondered out loud -lrb- although it was clear from her demeanor that it was a question she was asking herself rather than directing at anyone in the room in particular -rrb- . 
 `` we 're off to the reception . '' 
 chessie told her making ashley jump as she spun around -lrb- nearly tipping over in the process -rrb- looking for the source of the voice . 
 `` reception ? '' 
 ashley blinked some more as a look of confusion washed over her features . 
 `` what about the police ? '' 
 `` it looks like we wo n't have to pay that obscene fee to that planning woman after all . '' 
 chessie answered joining her niece at the front of the room and offering her a hand . 
 `` madame suzette ? 
 what ? '' 
 clarity did not appear to be on ashley 's side -lrb- whatever it was that bart had used in his plot might be to blame , but the generally illogical progression of the day might equally be the culprit -rrb- . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 chessie pulled her to her feet . 
 `` i 'll explain later . 
 let 's go before everyone else eats all the cake . '' 
 `` but what about the wedding ? '' 
 ashley persisted in asking her questions . 
 `` they 've rescheduled , '' chessie informed patting ashley on the shoulder in a placating gesture . 
 `` we have to go through all of this again ? '' 
 the younger woman groaned obviously not comforted enough by chessie 's shoulder patting to take this particular bit of news in stride . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 chessie replied happily . 
 `` they 've rescheduled for vegas . '' 
 `` they 're eloping ? '' 
 ashley sounded hopeful . 
 `` sort of . '' 
 chessie stated pushing her niece along in front of her -lrb- obviously not believing that she was taking the importance of arriving at the cake seriously enough -rrb- . 
 `` hallelujah ! '' 
 ashley intoned . 
 the two relatives exited the sanctuary as well and joined the others clustered around the bridal table in the reception area . 
 the door behind the pulpit flew open once again as the reverend knottyer hurried through . 
 he slapped his papers down on the pulpit and immediately began . 
 `` dearly beloved , we are gathered here today ... , '' he looked up and took in the lack of wedding party up front . 
 `` oh dear . 
 not the wrong place again . '' 
 he threw his hands up in the air . 
 `` i give up ! '' 
 he yelled and took himself back out through the door as quickly as he had arrived . 
 ashley reappeared from the reception area and spoke to the guests who seemed unsure of what they should do next . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 she prompted them . 
 they did . 
 that 's the story as it ran through the gossip channels in granville bay over the next few weeks -lrb- and even as it was repeated periodically in the following years -rrb- . 
 of course , that does not mean that it was the whole story . 
 the public ca n't always know everything . 
 the missing details , though , would be another story -lrb- or at least another chapter -rrb- . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ the sky was beginning to darken as a young woman in a bridesmaid 's dress made her way out of the front doors of the christian church and situated herself on the steps -lrb- several of the people she had left behind her in the building would have been horrified that she would do such a thing in the dress that she was wearing -rrb- . 
 she appeared to be taking a moment to escape the sounds of music and chattering -lrb- and all of those who would have chided her about getting her skirt dirty -rrb- that had been momentarily audible during the time that the door was opened . 
 her solitude was interrupted by a man that appearances would suggest was close to her own age as he came across the street from the parking lot . 
 `` ashley , '' he called in a tone that suggested the prelude to chastisement . 
 she did not appear startled by either his appearance or his tone . 
 she acknowledged his presence with a nod of her head and commented in a bland , uninterested sort of a way . 
 `` good evening . '' 
 she gestured with one hand toward the uniform that he was wearing . 
 `` did you need something , deputy rawles ? '' 
 she did not give him an opportunity to reply before adding . 
 `` claire had hoped that aaron might be able to stop by before she left tonight . '' 
 the young man rolled his eyes , crossed his arms , and glared at her . 
 `` do n't be a pain , ashley . 
 it 's been a very long day . '' 
 she chuckled softly to herself . 
 `` do n't i know it ? '' 
 she agreed . 
 `` you can drop the innocent act . '' 
 he sounded stern and not a little disappointed in her . 
 `` i want to know what you were playing at today . '' 
 she blinked innocently up at him despite his admonition against that particular status . 
 `` if you knew you could find me here , then you must know that i 've been trying to ensure a smooth wedding day for my cousin . 
 i 'm pretty sure you were sent an invitation . 
 did you forget ? '' 
 he did not seem impressed . 
 `` you know what i 'm talking about ! '' 
 he looked as though it took a bit to calm himself down before he continued more quietly . 
 `` if pritchard were n't so ... , '' he was not allowed to finish the thought . 
 `` you obviously thought that inspector pritchard was capable of handling things , or you would n't have supported him being hired in the first place , '' ashley told him . 
 `` you 've always taken your job very seriously , deputy rawles , and the sheriff always listens to your suggestions . 
 the whole town knows that . '' 
 she held up a hand to prevent him from replying . 
 `` i can only assume based on the information that i 've been given that his job was to stall madame suzette until a signed confession could be gotten out of her accomplice . '' 
 she looked at the man standing over her expectantly . 
 he gave a reluctant nod . 
 `` i was there , '' she reminded him . 
 `` he did that beautifully . 
 it was , by the way , a really nice touch to send the new guy to do the stalling . 
 it might have been suspicious coming from someone else . '' 
 `` that 's not why i 'm here , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'm here to talk about you . 
 and stop being difficult , i 'm not here in an official capacity . '' 
 she gave him an appraising glance . 
 `` as intriguing as that is , '' she began , `` i 'm not in the habit of discussing myself with officers of the law who are n't present in an official capacity . '' 
 he sighed and sank down onto the step next to her . 
 `` fine , '' he spat out . 
 `` how was the wedding ? 
 all of my text messages were extremely cryptic . '' 
 `` why , aaron , '' she commented sounding surprised to see him . 
 `` claire will be so excited that you got off work in time to join us ! '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` you are such a brat . '' 
 he threw at her . 
 `` that 's never stopped you from coming back before , '' she commented with a smirk . 
 `` i ca n't think why , '' he muttered . 
 `` so you are aware , '' she changed the subject , `` there has n't been a wedding . '' 
 `` claire broke it off ? '' 
 it was his turn to sound surprised . 
 `` not at all , '' ashley told him with a laugh . 
 `` they 're enjoying the reception in advance and eloping to vegas sometime later tonight . '' 
 `` that 's one way of doing it , '' aaron said slowly as if rolling the idea around in his head as the words rolled off his tongue . 
 `` well , it has been a very long day , '' she reminded him . 
 `` i need you to listen to me , '' aaron told her breaking into a serious look and tone . 
 `` do n't i always ? '' 
 she asked sounding every bit as serious as he did . 
 `` not nearly well enough . '' 
 he paused as though he were gathering his thoughts . 
 `` despite signed confessions pertaining to six other incidents , both susan ryan and rodney blass are adamant that the other one must have taken that necklace today . '' 
 he waited for some sort of reaction on ashley 's part . 
 when one was n't forthcoming , he continued . 
 `` you could be in serious trouble about today -- you and claire both . '' 
 `` i 'll grant you that claire did something rather foolish , aaron , but people do n't go to jail because they staged theatrics to get their fiancé 's attention . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know what she was thinking with that story of hers . 
 claire 's an awful liar . '' 
 `` and you on the other hand are a wonderful one . '' 
 ashley did not look affronted . 
 she merely shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` i would n't know , '' she told him calmly . 
 `` i 've never really found it necessary to lie . '' 
 `` today you were ... , '' she held up a hand to stop him again . 
 `` chessie was the one who called the police today . 
 i did not make a call . 
 i did not report anything . 
 i , in point of fact , made it very clear to everyone present that i believed calling the police was not necessary . '' 
 `` that does n't change the fact that ... , '' he rushed to respond . 
 `` i 'm not finished , aaron , '' she interrupted him . 
 `` i told the officer who called me earlier that i would not be pressing any charges . 
 it is my necklace , after all , and it was in my purse . 
 there is no evidence that susan ryan or anyone else ever had it in their possession . 
 and , before you start , i 'm not pressing charges against bart and neither is claire . '' 
 `` that 's what he told me , '' he stated in a tone that implied that he was not pleased to hear that confirmation . 
 `` what bart did ... , '' he trailed off shaking his head . 
 `` was incredibly foolish , negligent in the extreme , and potentially dangerous -- we 're still not pressing charges . 
 he and claire apparently had some sort of a moment -- i missed it being out cold at the time -- that knocked his head back on straight . 
 we consider the matter settled . '' 
 aaron shook his head at her but did not offer any further words on that subject . 
 -lrb- he might have been trying to picture what sort of a moment claire and bart could have had that would pull bart back from the sanity edge on which he had seemed to be rather precariously balanced . -rrb- 
 `` so , why did deputy rawles come rushing in here to talk to me ? '' 
 ashley inquired after a few seconds . 
 `` i know you sent the photos , '' he accused looking at her as if he were daring her to deny it . 
 `` what photos ? '' 
 she responded instantly . 
 `` the photos of ryan and blass at those two weddings handing off jewelry , '' he was clearly running out of patience with her . 
 `` is that why your coworkers were staking us out today ? '' 
 she sounded genuinely curious . 
 `` stop acting like you do n't know what i 'm talking about ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 the two glared at each other for a moment before ashley broke eye contact and turned her head away . 
 `` do you remember when we were young and idealistic , aaron ? '' 
 she asked staring up at the sky and sounding suddenly very far away . 
 `` it was n't so very long ago . '' 
 `` what 's that got to do ... , '' she did not let him finish . 
 `` we were going to make the world better , you and i . 
 you chose your path . 
 you 're going to work on a grand scale as a respected member of the law enforcement community . 
 i picked a different way . 
 i decided that i was going to take care of the people around me . '' 
 she looked over at him and smiled . 
 `` my friend aaron told me once -lrb- not so very long ago -rrb- that he was frustrated because he could n't prove something against thieves that he knew were guilty . 
 official channels do n't let you work off ` just knowing ' which is a shame because he really is very good at that . '' 
 she continued to smile as he frowned at her . 
 `` i figured out that he was talking about people to whom i had access -lrb- even though he could n't tell me for official reasons -rrb- . 
 it 's a small town . 
 people talk , and they do n't always realize the significance of what it is that they are talking about . 
 it was n't that hard to piece things together , and it was n't so hard to figure out how to get what my friend needed after i did . 
 some people expect other people to be oblivious and do n't cover their tracks quite as well as they should if they want to have lengthy careers as successful criminals . 
 i did what i could to help . '' 
 `` that 's dangerous . 
 you ca n't go around playing with things like that . '' 
 she shook her head , and he waited to hear what else she had to say about the matter . 
 `` my cousin was unhappy because her fiancé needed a wakeup call -- a very large wakeup call that needed to happen as soon as possible . 
 one of our childhood friends needed a good push back into reality that only she could provide to him . 
 luckily , it just so happened that both of those things could be fixed in one fell swoop . '' 
 it was her turn to wait . 
 `` that 's manipulative . '' 
 he protested as his eyebrows contracted together with the deepening frown that he sent in her direction . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 she asked sounding as if she had given the idea much thought without having reached any satisfactory conclusions . 
 `` i do n't make people do things , aaron . 
 i just give them the opportunity to choose to do them . 
 whatever they actually choose is still all them . '' 
 `` you ca n't go around fighting crime on your own , '' he insisted sounding exasperated with her . 
 `` you are n't batman ! '' 
 `` i should hope not , '' she replied making a face as if she had just tasted something sour . 
 `` dark and brooding does n't really work for me . 
 i do n't think that i could pull it off . 
 black 's not really my color either , so that would probably just end badly all the way around . '' 
 he did not look happy with her response or the tone with which it was delivered . 
 `` tell me you 're done with this , '' he demanded in a tone of voice that was generally reserved for issuing commands . 
 `` tell me you are n't going to try to do anything like this again . '' 
 `` susan ryan was n't exactly dangerous . '' 
 she commented -lrb- avoiding giving him a direct answer in the process -rrb- . 
 `` or a completely brilliant criminal mastermind for that matter , '' she added just loudly enough for it to not be termed muttered under her breath . 
 `` no , '' he agreed -lrb- sounding a little bit reluctant as he did so -rrb- , `` but if you get it into your head that this is okay , then the next one might be . '' 
 `` this is granville bay , aaron , '' she made a scoffing noise in the back of her throat . 
 `` how much organized crime do you think i 'm going to be running into ? '' 
 `` that is so not the point , and you know it . '' 
 he chided looking disappointed in her flippancy . 
 he shook his head at her . 
 `` do you even realize what kind of a position you 've put me in with all of this ? 
 i 'm never going to be able to tell you when something is bothering me again because i 'm going to have to worry about you rushing out to try to fix it for me . '' 
 she actually rolled her eyes . 
 `` like there is anyone else you are going to vent to ? '' 
 she reminded him . 
 `` that 's not fair , '' he told her . 
 `` you never play fair . 
 and now i 'm never going to be able to vent about frustrating things again and it 's all going to build up inside until my head explodes or my blood pressure skyrockets to obscene levels or something equally not conducive to my continued good health happens . 
 and it will all be because you ca n't just leave things alone . '' 
 ashley did not offer a verbal response . 
 she just sat and looked at him with a raised eyebrow and an expression that conveyed that she thought he was pushing the overly dramatic scenario envelope a little far . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' he took in her continued look . 
 `` okay , so maybe not so much about the whole head exploding thing , but you know exactly what i 'm trying to tell you . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 you 're my sounding board . 
 i need to know that i can blow off steam and say things to you without it ending up with you putting yourself in situations that have potentially negative consequences that you are apparently incapable of taking seriously enough . '' 
 `` and i , '' she offered in counter , `` need to do something when i see my best friend dealing with a problem that i can fix for him . 
 so , where does that leave us ? '' 
 she caught his eyes with her own and waited . 
 they looked at each other in challenge for a long moment . 
 aaron was the first to look away . 
 `` i do n't like it , ash . '' 
 he said running a hand through his hair in a gesture of frustration before placing both hands in his lap and staring down at them . 
 she looked pleased at the reversion to her nickname . 
 it obviously signaled something to her about where they stood in the progress of their conversation . 
 `` you do n't have to like it . '' 
 she said gently laying a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not asking you to throw a celebratory party over the whole thing . '' 
 `` i guess i 'm just going to have to hope that there are no more unsolved crimes here . '' 
 he whispered moving one hand up so that he was resting his hand over hers . 
 `` that would be nice , '' she commented in a tone that sounded as if she was busy painting a picture of the prospect in her head . 
 aaron did not offer any response , and ashley did not offer any elaboration as to what she had drifted off into thinking about . 
 anyone else would have been confused at the sudden ending of their disagreement . 
 they were both still firmly entrenched in their opinions on the matter , and there had not been much in the way of concessions conveyed in their verbal back and forth . 
 aaron and ashley , however , appeared to think that everything had been settled between them -lrb- at least for the moment -rrb- . 
 they stopped talking . 
 ashley pulled her hand away from the place where it rested on his shoulder and scooted a little closer so that she could rest her head there instead . 
 the muffled sounds of the reception continued in the background . 
 bits and pieces of the background music drifted out over them . 
 an occasional raised voice could be distinguished even if the words it was speaking were not clear enough to make out . 
 there were the sounds of passing cars every so often , and the slightly echoing sound of doors being closed with just a little too much force that periodically found their way to them on the breeze . 
 a mother was calling her children to come inside somewhere on the next block over , and a dog a street away had discovered something unwelcome too close to his yard and was barking out his protest . 
 the regular saturday night activities of the rest of the small town populace continued all around them as they sat together on the steps without paying attention to any of it . 
 yards away a party was going on as the group inside celebrated the happy endings of new beginnings , but aaron and ashley did not join them . 
 the two of them sat in the relative stillness and watched the stars come out without another word . 
