 maddog by tom golabek copyright 2012 tom golabek with inmrc . 
 inc. . 
 published on smashwords * * * all rights reserved . 
 without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above , no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored in or introduced into a retrieval system , or transmitted , in any form , or by any means -lrb- electronic , mechanical , photocopying , recording , or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , brands , media , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 smashwords edition license notes this e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with . 
 thank you for respecting the author 's work . 
 * * * acknowledgments special thanks to mindy sellers , julia burkiewicz , and my lovely wife myrna smith . 
 also special thanks to ron mahon , my publisher . 
 www.writerpublish.com . 
 visit toms website at : http://tomgolabek.com/ find out more about maddog , and his sidekick . 
 read free chapters of each of his books , find all about maddog 5 . 
 toms pictures for nam , and sign up for his newsletter to keep informed about special pricing and deals . 
 visit toms website at : http://tomgolabek.com/ * * * table of contents about maddog ch 1 my most vicious and cruelest case . 
 it all started when ... ch 2 mike 's nightlife of blood and gore ch 3 chaos at the heavyweight championship fight . 
 ch 4 `` putting on the squeeze '' in the locker room . 
 ch 5 getting info at the yonkers police department . 
 ch 6 lola 's in trouble and `` maddog '' arrives ! 
 ch 7 warning ! 
 do n't mess with lola . 
 ch 8 working the case ch 9 finding out the `` nuts and bolts '' of what went down . 
 ch 10 the `` beautiful snake in the grass . '' 
 ch 11 broken arms and broken heads . 
 ch 12 working the case , part 2 . 
 ch 13 lookout johnny dragon ... '' i would n't want to be you ! '' 
 ch 14 preparing for the `` ok corral . '' 
 ch 15 death in ` nam ! 
 death at the barn ! 
 death for ... ? 
 ch 16 the tables are turned . 
 who is `` mr. big '' ? 
 ch 17 revenge ... death in the bronx . 
 ch 18 epilogue about the author toms other books in this series * * * about maddog the novel details the latest case of mike `` maddog '' murdock , the borderline depraved crime-fighting private detective . 
 follow the action as no-holds barred maddog , fueled by a genuine rage against crime ... busts his way through the mean streets of new york city . 
 the explosion of violence is more overt than the usual detective story , and leaves little to the imagination . 
 written in the first person , murdock describes his violent encounters with relish . 
 action , murder , sex , interwoven with mystery and suspense will keep you reading . 
 reminiscent of mickey spillane 's adventures . 
 a real page turner ! 
 * * * ch 1 my most vicious and cruelest case . 
 it all started when ... murdock is the name ... mike murdock ... six two , two hundred and twenty pounds . 
 in my business , private detective , i rub elbows with some of the slimiest degenerates around . 
 those of you , who are familiar with the bronx and yonkers , know that to stay on top of the game you must be a tough s.o.b. i 've become `` hard-boiled '' during my thirty-three years in the trenches , and readily admit that i 'm not always on the `` up and up . '' 
 one rule i live by is that no one jerks me around , and walks away unhurt . 
 it 's 1968 and the world is going nuts . 
 martin luther king and robert kennedy have just been assassinated . 
 there are anti-vietnam protests , and race riots throughout the nation . 
 the price of gas has soared to thirty-four cents a gallon , and a new chevy now costs almost three thousand dollars . 
 my last case was one of the cruelest , most vicious that i 've been in , and i 've lived through some very violent escapades . 
 let me give you a few of the facts about it , and you will see what it takes to stay alive the way i live ... as a private detective in new york city . 
 it all started last march , when i walked into the pillbox that i used for my office , uptown in the bronx on 238th street . 
 i eased up the steps to the first floor of the seven-story structure , opened the door reading `` m.m. murdock , private investigator , '' and strolled in to see what the agenda of the day was . 
 there , sitting on a plump , tan leather chair behind her huge mahogany desk , with her feet propped on the edge , was my blond bomber of a secretary ... sound asleep ! 
 i took off my coat , tiptoed to the desk , opened the bottom drawer , and pulled out my always-ready super squirt water pistol . 
 the hem of her dress was halfway up her lovely thighs . 
 notwithstanding the temptation , i snuck up , stuck the water pistol between her shapely legs , and whoosh ! 
 i knew i should n't have done it , but just could n't resist the urge . 
 she came flying at me like a `` bat out of hell , '' breathing flame and fire . 
 there was nothing i could do but retreat to the rear like a faint-hearted coward . 
 before she cooled off i had managed to duck a bottle of ink , two pens , a paperweight , and the wastepaper basket , which were vehemently thrown across the room , aimed at my head . 
 `` lola baby '' i said , `` ca n't you take a little joke ? 
 i love ya sugar . 
 make love not war . '' 
 lola was n't much of a secretary , but she was pretty good at my type of recreation . 
 i noticed that her hard blue eyes once again regained their usual warm , tender look , as i held out my arms for her to enter . 
 she was a gorgeous , tempting , luscious , and loveable broad . 
 you know , the kind you just want to `` grab '' on sight . 
 as i gave her a peck on the cheek , i saw that all was forgiven , at least until the next time i pulled another `` murdock special . '' 
 she was getting used to my off-the-wall , carefree way of life . 
 i 've always felt you 've got to roll with the punches , give a little , and take a little , unless of course it 's me . 
 i could n't help but notice the flow of saliva in my mouth as i looked at her . 
 she knew what i liked , and it did n't help matters any when she pulled up her dress to wipe off the beads of water that remained . 
 however , this was neither the time nor the place . 
 business was to be had , money was to be made , and another new day was upon us . 
 the phone rang ... lola answered it . 
 `` it 's for you mike . '' 
 `` this is rico . 
 did you make those collections for me ? '' 
 that 's right ; i was employed at the moment by a bookie to collect a few debts for him . 
 do n't knock me for that . 
 two hundred clams for collecting a few bills is alright . 
 every once in a while you got ta pay for the salami . 
 `` yeah , '' i shouted into the phone , `` i had to break a joey b 's rib , and flatten lenny 's nose . 
 they 'll pay you from now on with no trouble . 
 they learned their lesson the hard way . '' 
 after a few more words , i hung up , and looked at the sorted mail on my desk . 
 the last envelope i opened contained two reserved tickets to madison square garden for the heavyweight championship fight being held the following night . 
 no letter , just two tickets . 
 they were probably sent from dennis chiulli , the promoter of the fight . 
 he owed me a couple of favors , and these sure did the trick . 
 there was no doubt in my mind where i was gon na spend that night . 
 i shoved them in my pocket and looked at lola , who was bent over picking up a bottle of ink , two pens , a paperweight , and a wastepaper basket . 
 her rear view looked even better , especially with those clinging dresses she wore . 
 i yelled out , `` hey big busts , you feel like going to the movies tomorrow ? '' 
 she looked at me strangely , smiled , and squealed , `` i 'd love to . '' 
 `` i do n't . 
 i 'm going to the fights . '' 
 `` oh , you 're terrible . '' 
 `` ok ! 
 you can go with me . '' 
 lola knew immediately she was going because i take her almost everywhere i go . 
 she smiled , and ran to me squeezing her warm , firm body close to mine . 
 so close that my mouth met hers . 
 she was warm , enticing , and exciting , but as i said before , this was neither the time nor the place . 
 i managed to force out , `` later baby . '' 
 she let go of me with a devilish smile on her face and said , `` any time is the right time with you mike . '' 
 the weather outside was miserable due to the cold , rain , and fog . 
 i pushed one of my camels out of its pack , and flicked a light to it . 
 today was definitely not a working day so i decided to drop on down to joe 's pool hall , and shoot a game or two . 
 i told lola where i would be if anything came up , and walked down the thirteen newly waxed stairs to the street . 
 the wind bit through my sports coat as i dashed to my car , jumped in , turned the key in the ignition , and heard the 425 horses of my engine scream . 
 i backed out my ` 65 pontiac g.t.o. , and sped toward warburton avenue in yonkers . 
 reaching warburton , i hooked a right into an open space with a fire hydrant in front of it . 
 before getting out and locking up , i took my little orange press card and placed it on the dashboard . 
 that card had come in handy several times . 
 joe 's place was n't exactly in the best part of town . 
 it was a place where no sixteen-year old punks would rip up the tables , or distract the players . 
 joe also kept a tight rein on drunks as well . 
 i opened the door and heard the typical clatter of balls as i climbed the dusty stairs to the second floor parlor . 
 there was joe behind his brown wooden desk , with his hand out to greet me . 
 `` long time no see , '' he said . 
 `` yeah , i 've been pretty busy joe . '' 
 his hand was strong as i threw my paw into it . 
 i jabbed at my pack of butts , shoved one in my mouth , lit up , and walked to table six where a big game was going on . 
 looking over everybody 's heads , i eyed the two who were playing ... big boo boo schaefer and nick the greek . 
 they were two of the best , and the score was `` nip and tuck '' with boo boo on a thirty-six ball run as nick stood in the corner nonchalantly watching the shots . 
 one of the local punks tapped me on the shoulder and asked me if i wanted to shoot for a few bucks . 
 i know my way around a pool table , and consider myself a semi-hustler at times . 
 this looked like some easy money to line my pockets with . 
 the kid must have come in from another billiard parlor looking for a hustle . 
 if he had played here often , he would n't have asked me . 
 joe grinned as he handed me my cue stick from behind the counter . 
 i chalked up as the punk racket . 
 as time went by , i had about a hundred and fifty clams of winnings in my pocket . 
 that was about a week 's pay and a lot of money for a working boy around here . 
 i could see that the kid was getting edgy , but i was n't going to give him any slack . 
 he called his ball , bent over , and positioned his cue . 
 only he positioned a little sloppy , and touched the cue ball with the tip of his stick . 
 the punk must have thought i was a pigeon or something , and went on as if he did n't scratch . 
 i do n't like cheaters , especially the ones who think i 'm a sucker . 
 i grabbed his cue before he followed through and spat out , `` you touched the cue ball kid . 
 you ai n't playing with a blind man . '' 
 he pulled the cue out of my hand and said , `` you 're crazy turkey . 
 you better see an eye doctor . '' 
 i grabbed his thin frame by his shirt , picked him off the floor , and threw him against the wall . 
 the punk was burnt up now . 
 i saw his hand dig into his pocket and come out with something shiny . 
 i did n't recognize what it was until the click sounded . 
 a six-inch piece of cold , clean steel whipped out . 
 the punk was cursing me up and down , and was threatening to cut me if i did n't give him his money back . 
 what a sore loser ! 
 nobody gets tough with mike murdock , and walks away without bruises . 
 the runt with the knife looked like he was gon na take a fit when i spit on his puny , stupid face . 
 he came at me with his blade , slashed , and looked pleased with what he did . 
 the rat succeeded in slicing the sleeve of my blue blazer from the elbow to wrist ' and managed to get a little of my hand . 
 i looked down at my paw ... blood . 
 i get real mad when i see my own blood . 
 it 's times like these that earned me the nickname `` maddog . '' 
 i edged around the table with the cue aimed like a spear in my hand . 
 the young punk realized then that he should n't have pulled his knife on me , but it was too late to talk his way out of it now . 
 i knew he could see the blood in my eyes , and sense the danger he had gotten himself into . 
 suddenly he tried another dash at me with his knife . 
 i jabbed the cue at his head . 
 the point of the stick met his face between the nose and left eye . 
 as i pushed and twisted the stick , his eyeball popped out of its socket . 
 it looked like a wet , slimy eel was trying to crawl into a hole in his face . 
 i do n't think the runt realized yet that his eye was hanging down to his mouth . 
 he tried another pass at me with the blade , but missed . 
 this time i took the back of my hand , and backhanded the hanging eyeball . 
 the blob of guts almost came loose from its stretched , torn muscles that had been holding it . 
 the kid let out a scream now , but still tried another slash with his steel . 
 this yo-yo had spunk , or else he was awfully dumb . 
 his eye was no longer white . 
 it was a dripping red mass of sewage . 
 this time , the punk ran the blade across my chest . 
 blood began to stain my shirt , and now i became the true `` maddog '' that i was noted for . 
 i rushed the early twenty-year-old son of a bitch . 
 with my right hand going for the bloody clot that used to be his eye , i grabbed it , and gave it a yank . 
 from twenty feet away you could hear the `` ploop '' as the eyeball came away from his body . 
 about a quarter of a pound of gory , red strings of muscle and other indescribable garbage were attached to the eye . 
 the kid went down to the floor with part of his face missing . 
 i still had the slimy mess in my hand when the police walked in . 
 i dropped it to the floor . 
 one of the cops was a plain-clothes man . 
 as he came closer , i realized it was my buddy , frank komo , who fortunately for me was a lieutenant in the yonkers police department . 
 during the questioning , the whine of an ambulance sounded in the street outside . 
 seconds later two men in white coats carried in a stretcher , fit the kid onto it , and wheeled him out . 
 i called out to one of the attendants , `` you forgot his eyeball , '' and flung it at him . 
 he caught the pile of waste , and blood from the eye splattered his pretty white coat . 
 what can i say ... occupational hazard ! 
 after the usual questioning of the witnesses and myself , i was told i could go . 
 five people had testified that the kid had pulled a knife on me , and that i was just protecting myself . 
 i said sorry and so long to joe , shook his hand and headed to my apartment to clean up . 
 * * * ch 2 mike 's nightlife of blood and gore my apartment is a comfortable place , complete with bar , pool table , and the largest bed in town . 
 as you walk in , the first object the eye is drawn to is the large painting of a nude in the prone position , hanging on the wall . 
 the furniture is not one particular style but assorted , with no fashion sense . 
 i buy what i like . 
 as one walks to the right and steps into the bedroom , he would be in awe of the ten by eight foot bed surrounded by a very expensive , a shocking pink rug made of llama hair . 
 to the left of the nude painting is the den , which is cluttered with a well-kept green felted pool table , a canary yellow couch and chair , and a fifteen-foot horseshoe bar which stands in front of a life size picture of rocky marciano . 
 the rest of the joint is not too much to talk about , as the kitchen is small and the bathroom is just run of the mill . 
 lola was home from the office , having completed a typical non productive day . 
 her most important duty of the day is to sort the mail . 
 she also answers the phone , takes messages , and makes sure that there 's beer in the refrigerator . 
 the sound of her high heels clicking against the wooden floor as she crossed the room to open the door made their way to my ears . 
 her eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open when she saw what i looked like . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 she asked in her high pitched , squeaky voice . 
 not in the best of moods , i brayed , `` to the ballet toots . 
 quit asking questions . 
 make me up some chow . '' 
 she backed away slowly , and looked like she was about to cry from seeing my blood stained clothing . 
 that was my lola ... the kind of broad that had a difficult time understanding the type of work i did . 
 i shuffled to the bedroom , shed my rags , and dove into the shower . 
 the water hit my cuts sending a hell of a sting through my body . 
 after ten minutes of fooling around in there , i dried off , and stepped into the bedroom to complete the rest of my normal clean up routine . 
 lola had my pants and undershirt laid out on the bed by this time , and was watching my every move . 
 she liked to see me dress and undress . 
 what a dizzy dame . 
 she squealed , `` the food is on the table . '' 
 i gave her a slight smile , slapped her on the can , and followed her out to the kitchen where we gobbled down a couple of sandwiches within a few minutes . 
 after the chow , i pawed another smoke into my mouth and lit up . 
 lola wanted to go out , and i could use the exercise , so we dressed up , and headed to our favorite bar . 
 the lotus lounge , which is located a few blocks from my apartment , is a nightspot we frequented . 
 we hoofed it out of the apartment , and b-lined it to the car knowing the trip would only take a few minutes if the lights were all irish . 
 we plowed into the car and took off , this time the green being with us all the way . 
 i pulled the machine over , rubbing the sides of my new tires too close to the curb . 
 damn ! 
 when we walked in , `` dutch , '' the bartender , set up our regular drinks . 
 mine is a double of four roses , a smooth tasting american whiskey , with a short beer on the side . 
 lola 's is a watered down sloe gin fizz which usually gets her watered down . 
 dutch , a couple of the boys , and i were shooting the bull while lola gabbed with one of the local gals . 
 after a while , i asked lola if she wanted to whiz up town to the red hat , another one of the bars on my route . 
 the bartender there owed me some cabbage , and this would be a good time to collect my payment . 
 mix business with pleasure is my motto . 
 she nodded after making a sour face , telling me that she wanted to finish her conversation . 
 i backed off , and told her to flag me when she was done . 
 ten minutes later , we slid off the stools , put on our coats , and muttered our `` see ya arounds . '' 
 the cold night air felt good as we walked out the door to the street , hopped into the car , and roared up to elm street making a left onto yonkers avenue . 
 i spotted an open space right outside the joint , and parked my g.t.o. . 
 the red hat is what some people call a dive . 
 it may have been small , and could have had a few negative aspects to it , but it was lively , and had an atmosphere , which caused a crowd to collect . 
 i mean a `` crowd . '' 
 not the stuck up noses or `` tuxedo tom 's . '' 
 these were down to earth people , the heart of the city ... the working masses , garbage men , brick layers , plumbers you know , the meat eaters . 
 i opened the chipped wooden door for lola , and we made our grand entrance . 
 there was a poker game going on at the table by the door , and a couple of `` steadies '' worked the shuffleboard . 
 we eased into a couple of seats at the bar , and roxy , the bartender , set up our drinks , which were the sloe gin fizz , beer , and a double of four roses . 
 roxy was a quiet guy in his late forties who was hooked on `` the trots . '' 
 he had a bad streak a couple of weeks ago and lost a bundle to the bookies , and since i 'm a soft touch , i lent him some dough . 
 without saying a word , he placed ten twenties beside my shot glass . 
 the wink he gave with it told me that he made his `` hit '' at the track . 
 after a couple more drinks , i felt it was time to travel , pulled out a ten , and slid it under my glass . 
 rox waved `` so long '' and we turned to leave . 
 small drops of mist-like drizzle shrouded the city . 
 from the side i saw something move . 
 then , that something muttered in a low deep voice , `` over here buddy . '' 
 all i could see was a snub-nosed .38 , which looked like a cannon . 
 i cursed to myself , and shuffled to the shadows where mister .38 was standing . 
 lola was shaking like a nude hawaiian stranded in iceland as she clung to my arm . 
 that 's what i like about these blonds ... truly moral support . 
 a car pulled up in front of us with a shaky looking punk behind the wheel . 
 this was when mister .38 pushed his rod into my back , and shoved me toward the heap . 
 mike murdock does n't go any place he does n't want to . 
 it was apparent that these mugs were n't checked out on this fact . 
 the jerk in the car opened the door for us from the inside by leaning over the front seat . 
 right there i could tell that these guys were amateurs . 
 being the gentleman that i am , i allowed lola to get into the car first . 
 as she stuffed her ass in my face , i pushed it . 
 she was savvy enough to grab onto the driver 's neck as she went toward him , and caused him to be thrown against the other side of the car . 
 i drew back my elbow into mister .38 's body behind me , doubling him over . 
 the trigger on his snub-nose was tripped , and i felt a sharp pain in my left arm . 
 i was lucky that it was just a flesh wound , but it was the end of my brown blazer . 
 this guy got me mad now . 
 i could feel the `` maddog ' sizzling inside me . 
 my right hand went up for my .45 as i kicked the runt in the mouth . 
 he was backed up against the wall of a building with my rod now aimed at his head . 
 the mark of my toe was being washed from his jaw by his own blood . 
 he got off another quick shot that hit the sidewalk beside me . 
 i was so enraged i did n't ask any questions about who he was or where we were going . 
 it was either him or me . 
 this was the end for this guy . 
 i squeezed the trigger of my gun , and it roared again and again . 
 six bullets left my rod . 
 the first three shells took the top of his head clean off . 
 the next three splattered his face over the sidewalk . 
 i could see what used to be his brain ooze down the side of the building . 
 one less rat for the city to put up with . 
 my face had a grin on it . 
 the squeal of tires sounded as the other punk pulled away . 
 my blond bomber , having learned a variety of survival skills over the years by being with me , had pulled herself together and jumped free as the car pulled away . 
 however , when she saw the bloody pulp that was the mug 's head a minute ago , she threw-up in the gutter . 
 in fact , there were three or four spectators hurling at the curb as well . 
 i thought that i might as well show them their money 's worth , so i let go with another slug into the mangled mass of lifeless flesh . 
 a piece of his scalp went flying toward one of the bystanders , and she let out a horrified scream as the bloody piece of flesh fell on her arm . 
 she waived her limb violently as if it was just burned , then knelt over and fainted . 
 the cops were on their way . 
 they did n't have too far to go this time as the police station was just around the corner . 
 the boys in blue broke through the crowd , and eyeballed the main attraction . 
 then they looked at me and recognized who i was so they did n't do any excessive pushing around . 
 one of the veterans looked at the corpse as if he was saying to himself , `` now who the hell is going to clean up this mess ? '' 
 he turned to his men , told one to cover the mess up , and the others to take names and gather info from the crowd . 
 then he came over to me as i was putting my heater back into my quick action , leather holster . 
 he grabbed my rod , and i was sternly told to follow him to the station house . 
 entering the police station , i saw lt. frank komo . 
 what a sight for sore eyes . 
 he was behind his cluttered desk and said , `` i should have known it was you mike . '' 
 for the second time that day , i took the grounds of self-defense . 
 frank gave me the usual lecture about the pressure i was putting on him by getting myself into these scrapes . 
 i said , `` stow it , the kid pulled a knife on me and i maimed the bastard . 
 any guy that pulls a rod on me had better kill me , or i 'm gon na kill him . 
 if you think i 'm going to wait until a cop comes by ... forget it . 
 i 'd be dead by then . '' 
 he saw my point . 
 i could see that he was trying to figure an argument against what i had just finished saying , however , he could n't . 
 komo led the way back to the scene , and went through his cop routine . 
 after interviewing a couple of witnesses , who confirmed that it was self-defense , he cut me loose . 
 komo looked at me saying , `` here 's your gun back . 
 beat it , next time you have to kill somebody , do it in the bronx . '' 
 he followed up with , `` do n't leave town . '' 
 the meat-wagon , photographer , medical examiner , and other crime scene types started arriving . 
 i headed to lola . 
 she had just finished spilling her guts on the sidewalk for the second time . 
 the blond ran up and wrapped her arms around my waist to greet me . 
 it 's an understatement to say she was glad that i was back . 
 i kissed her , and helped her to the car . 
 lola never could stand violence , and usually became squeamish even if i swatted a fly . 
 we squirmed into the car , and headed home . 
 the only words she spoke during the ride were , `` give me a cigarette . '' 
 i stuffed two into my mouth , lit them , and handed one to her . 
 she awkwardly put it in her mouth , and dragged on it . 
 i burst out laughing . 
 lola does n't smoke . 
 she realized what i was laughing about and threw the butt out the window . 
 i looked for a spot to park as we approached the apartment but there was none to be found . 
 finally , i came across a spot almost a block past my layout . 
 i pulled in , got out , and locked up . 
 it looked like we were going to have to hoof it back . 
 as we were passing one of the dark alleyways a few buildings from my shack , i heard a noise , and saw two figures looming in the shadows . 
 i yanked out my .45 , pushed lola out of the way , and hugged the wall . 
 there was a streetlight behind me . 
 i knew i was a perfect target so i had to act fast . 
 the shadowy figures rustled in the darkness again . 
 i pointed the barrel of my rod on them , and started to squeeze the trigger . 
 suddenly there was a shrill scream of a woman , and the two figures came forward from the dark with their hands in the air . 
 i lowered the gun , and began to laugh so hard that my stomach started to hurt . 
 then lola burst out laughing as well when she saw what was going on . 
 the shadowy twosome wound up to be a boy and a girl making out in the depths of the alley . 
 their eyes were scared and wide open . 
 i do n't doubt they crapped in their pants . 
 i holstered my rod , and walked off still laughing , leaving the couple with no understanding of what i was thinking . 
 they did n't know how close they came to being splashed all over the cement . 
 looking back for a final glance , i noticed that they were shaking like leaves in a strong wind . 
 the doorman opened the large glass door for lola and me . 
 i flipped him a buck as we hustled up to the apartment . 
 when we got into the pad , i hit the refrigerator and pulled out a couple of brews as lola exited into the bedroom . 
 some people say that a beer tastes at its best after a dinner ... others say it 's better after a hard day 's work . 
 i like mine the most after i kill some low-life creature . 
 lola came out of the bedroom wearing the sheerest pink negligee on the east coast . 
 i guzzled on the beer to help me stop drooling ; however , it did n't do any good . 
 those nylons clung to her body , and her hips swayed as she moved towards me . 
 her breasts were high , and stood out as if they were defying gravity . 
 this was too much for one man to take . 
 now was the time and place . 
 i picked her up in my arms , and carried her into the bedroom . 
 * * * ch 3 chaos at the heavyweight championship fight . 
 i awoke with the sunlight from the window hitting me square in the kisser . 
 lola was still out like a log , sprawled across the bed with her cuddly , nude body on top of me . 
 i squeezed my arm from under her breasts , lifted her leg , and pushed her shoulder off of mine . 
 she rolled over still sleeping like a baby as i eyed her succulent body , savoring over the memories of last night . 
 ahhh yes , last night ! 
 lola was pretty dizzy , but she knew how to treat a man . 
 needless to say , that 's one of the reasons i loved her . 
 knowing that there was plenty of choice grub in the kitchen , my stomach grumbled in want of some chow . 
 trying to diminish my hunger until i got to the refrigerator , i chewed on a smoke from the pack lying beside the bed , lit it , and shuffled to the kitchen . 
 besides being a marginal secretary , a wonderful piece of recreation , and a good companion , she was an excellent food shopper ... at least for me . 
 i pulled out a couple of pans , and fired up the stove . 
 the smell of bacon , eggs , bologna , and home fried potatoes cooking , must have reached her , as she came staggering out with the look of hunger in her eyes . 
 we dug in , and made with the usual small talk while slugging down the java . 
 i told lola , i was n't going to make it to the office , and for her to hang loose there in case anything came up . 
 after chow , we threw the dishes into the sink , walked to the bedroom , and got dressed . 
 for the first time in two years , lola finished dressing before i did . 
 it was hard to call her dressed though , because her hem line was a good eight inches above her knees , nothing covered her back , and the `` v '' between her boobs drove half way to her belly button . 
 i wondered what the hell held them up . 
 the velvety smoothness of her dress left little to be imagined . 
 we walked out of the apartment , hopped into the car , and headed uptown . 
 i dropped lola at the office then headed for luigi 's barber shop on south broadway by getty square . 
 there were n't any other customers in the joint , so i picked up the newspaper , and piled into the chair . 
 luigi had his italian music blasting out of a small radio in the corner . 
 i showed him my teeth , and he shuffled to the squawk box to lower the volume . 
 i leaned back in the chair , and looked at the headlines . 
 the war in viet-nam covered most of the front page . 
 luigi began clipping my locks , as i flipped to the next page . 
 on page two , i saw the headline , dennis chiulli , fight promoter ... murdered . 
 i had to re-read the headline four times to make sure that i had read it correctly . 
 the column went on to state that he was shot twice in the heart with a .44 magnum in his own home . 
 i looked at the date at the top of the page , which showed this was yesterday 's paper . 
 this meant that he was dead when i got the fight tickets in the mail . 
 he must have sent them out just before he died . 
 the article went on to mention that he was the promoter of the heavyweight championship fight being held tonight , and that the police were underway with a full-scale investigation . 
 dennis was the kind of guy who would give his shirt away to anyone who needed it . 
 i knew he had a wife and kid who loved him very much . 
 i heard a `` datsa finisho , '' peeked into the mirror , flipped luigi a fiver , and walked out the door into the sunshine . 
 the story i read about dennis was on my mind while i drove further uptown to the tailor shop . 
 when i reached lockwood avenue , i hooked a right , and pulled to the curb . 
 across the street , in a shabby run down building , was a tailor that fitted suits better than those thieves did on fifth avenue . 
 you know what they say , `` you ca n't judge a book by its cover . '' 
 i jumped out of my heap , and trudged to the shop . 
 this tailor could rig a jacket so well that a couple of feds could n't tell if i was packing a rod . 
 he sized me up , and said he 'd have it ready in a couple of days , which was good , but i felt worse when he told me i had put another inch on my gut . 
 it was time to cut down on the chow again , which was harder for me than knocking off a mafia don . 
 i walked out the door , piled into the car , and headed for home mulling over various diet plans . 
 the first thing i did when i got to the apartment was to phone lola telling her to taxi her sweet ass home , and prepare for tonight . 
 she was one of those dames who take half an hour to put on her earrings . 
 i took my clothes off , and hit the shower . 
 i knew that if lola got in it before me , i would n't have the time to take one . 
 by the time i got out , my sweetie had just come in the door , gave me a big kiss , then headed to the bedroom to get undressed , and shower while i cooked up some chow . 
 twenty minutes later supper was ready , and i yelled for her . 
 the doll came out to the table with a bright pink towel wrapped around her . 
 what a dame ! 
 she teased me every minute she could . 
 i sat across from her munching on something , and not taking my eyes off the flesh that was squeezed out of that skimpy towel . 
 she looked luscious and ripe , but if we were going to the fights , we had to get moving . 
 after supper , she slipped back into the bedroom to dress . 
 i pulled another bud out of the refrigerator , lit up a smoke , and took it easy on the couch . 
 when she came out an hour later , my eyes must have popped out about six inches because she started laughing at the way i looked at her . 
 i stared at the short , tight baby blue suit she wore , licked my lips , and wished the fight was tomorrow night . 
 an hour after that , we finally walked out the door , hit the elevator , and made it across the lobby where i could see the `` wish i were you '' on the doorman 's face as he eyeballed lola . 
 as we walked down the block to where i left the car yesterday , i chuckled to myself when we passed the alley where the lovers were . 
 we hopped into the heap , started up the powerhouse , and headed downtown through the thick traffic . 
 it seemed like everybody and their brothers were going to manhattan tonight . 
 at least twenty two thousand of them were headed for `` the garden . '' 
 driving toward the world-renowned arena , i saw seven or eight posters promoting the fight reading : rocky ragino vs. `` ko '' krasinski madison square garden 10 p.m. seats : $ 8 , $ 15 , $ 40 , $ 100 rocky was the champion , and an excellent boxer . 
 however , the challenger krasinski was my pick all the way . 
 they did n't call him `` ko '' because he kissed his mother goodnight . 
 the big pole won thirty-six out of thirty-seven pro bouts with thirty of them by knockouts . 
 this guy had `` cement block '' fists with a brick jaw to boot . 
 krasinski stood six three , two hundred and thirty pounds , which was one inch and ten pounds over ragino ... and me ! 
 i parked the car three blocks past `` the garden , '' and fought the crowd all the way back . 
 lola was pretty excited as i had only taken her to one fight before , and that one looked like a ballet . 
 i showed the gatekeeper our tickets , and forged on into the huge arena with lola 's arm tight under mine . 
 the crowd was packed like sardines waiting for the fight to start . 
 we gulped down a couple of dogs , and headed for our seats . 
 the usher laid the seats down , dusted them with his rag mitten , and took off when i handed him a buck . 
 we were sitting about fifteen rows back from the ring in the champion 's corner . 
 i felt a streak of anger run through me as i thought of dennis ' murder . 
 here i was , about to watch the fight he had promoted , with the tickets he had sent me , and he was lying in a coffin with a couple of holes in him . 
 the lights over the ring brightened to an intense glow , and the announcer strutted to the middle of the ring as the pre-fight ceremonies began . 
 some of the greats walked up to the stage ... joe diaz , jay `` the singer '' dawson , `` big fist '' goma , and many other greats of the boxing world . 
 the crowd started to become restless , and so did i as the ex-champions exited the ring . 
 there were cheers from far behind us , and everybody in the section stood to get a look at what the cheering was about . 
 coming down the aisle near us was the champ . 
 his face looked like it had gone through a meat grinder , and put back together not too carefully . 
 he was uglier than me and probably tougher as well . 
 i do n't say that lightly ! 
 cheers now came from the other side of the arena . 
 a few seconds later , the crowd parted , and down the aisle came `` ko . '' 
 he jutted through the ropes , and faced the man he was going to fight . 
 the seats we had were good , but not the best . 
 i took a pin from lola , squeezed out my little orange press card , pinned it to my canary yellow blazer , and dragged her up to a couple of vacant ringside seats . 
 i guess they were the seats reserved for dennis and his wife . 
 as soon as we moved out , a couple of kids moved into ours . 
 it was a lot better with the ring no more than ten feet away from us . 
 the boxers looked in a-1 condition as they shook hands in the middle of the ring . 
 light reflected off of `` ko 's '' glistening body . 
 ragino bounced in place . 
 they listened to the ref as he gave the last minute instructions that they had heard so many times before . 
 the cigarette smoke was already filling the arena so that you could n't even see the opposite wall . 
 the fighters returned to their corners , and received their final orders from their trainers . 
 the bell rang , and the fans jumped into the air . 
 `` ko '' came out of his corner strong and fast , and landed a couple of quick beauties that momentarily staggered the champ . 
 a few more blows were exchanged and `` ko '' had the first round chalked up for him when the bell finally rang . 
 in the second round , ragino connected with several hard left jabs . 
 krasinski landed a hard left cross , and a blistering right uppercut to send rocky onto his back for an eight count . 
 it stunned the champ , and he spent a few seconds on `` weird street . '' 
 by the time round two ended , ragino had a mouse over his right eye , and appeared slower . 
 as the bell rang to begin the third round , `` ko '' suddenly appeared weak , and staggered out of his corner . 
 his face revealed he was experiencing some kind of torturous pain . 
 he stood in the middle of the ring with his hands at his sides . 
 `` ko '' stood there totally defenseless . 
 ragino threw a powerful left , and the challenger looked up to the ring lights , opening his mouth as if to scream , but no sound came out . 
 the referee realized that something was seriously wrong , yelled a few words over to the ring doctor , but before the doc could respond `` ko '' keeled over , and hit the canvas like a rock . 
 the sardines in the seats yelled and booed as they stood waiting and watching . 
 `` ko '' was carried out of the ring on a stretcher . 
 the crowd continued their mumbling and grumbling . 
 after a few minutes , the announcer pulled down the microphone from the ceiling , and darted some words into it . 
 as if to hear god speak , the crowd suddenly dropped to their seats . 
 silence fell over the arena . 
 the announcer repeated what he had said . 
 it was hard to believe . 
 krasinski was dead ! 
 after that , i do n't recall what else was said through the sound system . 
 i looked around me at the women sobbing , the men with sorrowful faces , and the abundance of blank looks and stares . 
 next to me , lola was crying , and trying to hide it . 
 i found it difficult to understand what had just happened . 
 a couple of seconds later , a loud booming explosion erupted behind me . 
 a bomb had detonated , and two rows of seats were spread over the section with at least six bloody bodies as well . 
 through the smoke and debris , i saw an arm without a body , blood spewing from the neck of a man standing motionless ... a blank stare on his face , and the remains of a woman 's head . 
 her blond hair was now a burnt crisp . 
 people ran , crawled , and limped away from the scene . 
 the smell of burning flesh , and ignited explosives filled the air . 
 the concussion blast deafened my right ear . 
 i could barely hear the screams of the crowd . 
 dust rained over the arena seats , spectators clothing , and the bodies of the unfortunate victims . 
 lola was knocked to the floor , a trickle of blood from her cheek caused by flying shrapnel . 
 she was ok though . 
 i picked her up , and helped her to a seat a section away . 
 the center of the blast came from approximately fifteen rows back on the champ 's corner , which coincidentally was where lola and i were supposed to be sitting . 
 people were scrambling around in a panic thinking that the `` mad bomber '' had returned to new york city . 
 moments later the police moved in , and were doing a poor job of doing whatever they were supposed to be doing . 
 was somebody out to kill me here ? 
 i had too many enemies to pinpoint any one person or group . 
 they numbered over a hundred . 
 why did n't they come out and fight me like men ? 
 no , they had to take out six or more innocent people who came here tonight to enjoy themselves . 
 only i , and whoever was trying to kill me , knew who that bomb was meant for , if that was the case . 
 first , the promoter of the fight was killed . 
 then the thug with the .38 tries to nail me . 
 `` ko '' dies in the ring with barely getting hit . 
 then somebody blows up half a section where i was supposed to be sitting . 
 it might have been a coincidence , but things smelled very fishy to me . 
 medics , firemen , and the n.y.p.d. bomb squad were filing in . 
 i dropped lola a `` ten spot , '' told her to beat it out of here , and take a cab home . 
 mike murdock was going to look into this . 
 * * * ch 4 `` putting on the squeeze '' in the locker room . 
 i knifed my way back to `` ko 's '' dressing room . 
 outside it was a mob of news hungry reporters waiting to feed their typewriters with the trash they wrote . 
 krasinski had already been carried inside . 
 i made my way through the vultures , and pushed the cop in the doorway of the dressing room out of my way . 
 he grabbed my arm then let it go when i told him my name was frank krasinski , `` ko 's '' brother . 
 i opened the door , and raked in an eyeful of the action inside . 
 i 've seen `` ko 's '' trainer around . 
 he 's small , bald , and speaks with a lisp , which he had earned when he fought in the ring . 
 a few years ago , he was accused of doing business with some shady characters , but nothing ever came of it . 
 his name was archie bankoff , and right now , he was in the corner of the mildewed room getting the third degree from the n.y.p.d. . 
 he appeared to be nervous , but i guess this was a good time to be nervous . 
 the damp room had a variety of smells in it ... alcohol , sweat , leather , mold , jock straps , and oil . 
 it was fairly hard to breathe . 
 krasinski 's body was laid out on one of two wooden massage tables , his mother at his side , crying and praying . 
 the white lead paint peeled off the walls of the dimly lit area . 
 banged up metal lockers ran across one wall , doors missing on some of them . 
 a couple of four foot cracked mirrors adorned another wall . 
 water buckets , taped bottles used by the corner men , rubber gloves , and used towels littered the cement floor . 
 the door opened , and two medics entered with a stretcher . 
 they moved `` ko '' onto it , and took off through the hounds at the door , with his mother , a doctor , and two cops in tow . 
 the boxer 's mother looked as if she was going to collapse . 
 one of the policemen ran up , and took her arm . 
 the newspaper boys followed the small group , hitting them with questions , and taking pictures of the dead body . 
 i felt like going out there , and tearing their lousy mouths and cameras apart . 
 a cop at the outer door closed the dented , metal portal behind him as most everyone shuttled towards the ambulance . 
 the only noise that could be heard now was the drilling of questions the plain-clothes cop was shooting at archie . 
 i grabbed a seat , and decided to wait until the detectives were through . 
 a cop from the shadows appeared , and asked me who i was . 
 i told him who i really was , and that i was employed by mrs. krasinski to investigate what had `` gone down '' here tonight . 
 the jerk-off gave me a `` fish face , '' nodded that it was alright for me to stay , and joined the other cops who were rifling questions at the trainer . 
 finally , they were through talking , and snaked out the door . 
 only archie and i remained . 
 i do n't think he knew i was there because he jumped a couple of feet when the chair i was slouched in creaked as i stood up . 
 i eased over to him , grabbed the front of his shirt , and spat out , `` i heard what you told the cops . 
 i do n't buy it . 
 you had better talk the straight shit to me ... now ! '' 
 he tried to wiggle out of my hand , but i tightened my grip and shook him hard . 
 `` now i 'm going to ask you once , and only once , and you better give me the right answer . 
 what 's the real story on the episode that went down here tonight ? '' 
 the runt came back with an , `` i do n't know ! '' 
 i drew back my right arm , and backhanded him across his ashen face , forcing blood to creep out of the corner of his mouth . 
 i felt he was , in some way , behind krasinski 's death . 
 moreover , he knew that i knew . 
 the slob was really sweating now . 
 a nervous twitch in his mouth started . 
 i asked him again , and still got the same sorry reply . 
 this guy looked like he 'd talk if i got a little tougher , so i pulled out my rod , and shoved it deep into his mouth . 
 he felt the cold steel barrel pressed into the back of his throat , and knew that if he did n't want to eat a bullet , he had better do some fast-talking . 
 he was gagging , and i pushed the gun even further down his pipes . 
 i let him up for air , and he blurted out , `` he made me ! '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 in short choppy english he said , `` johnny dragon ... he made me . 
 he said if i wanted to live i had better do what he said . '' 
 johnny dragon ! 
 my mind sped back a few months . 
 his brother was steve dragon , a kidnapper , pusher , thief , pimp , and everything else that spelled `` scumbag . '' 
 he 'd rob his mother of a dime if she was on her way to the poorhouse , and probably slap her around for kicks . 
 last winter i was hired by a wealthy client to get their kidnapped daughter back for them . 
 i traced a lead on dragon , and followed it up . 
 i trailed the lunatic to a shack , and was just about to nab him when he pulled out his revolver , and put a bullet into the little girl 's head . 
 he had already received his ransom money . 
 the lousy sadist did it for kicks . 
 i whipped out my rod , and shot him in the gut as i charged into the room . 
 the bullet must have hit him in the spine because he laid on the floor appearing paralyzed . 
 i picked him up , and tied him to a chair . 
 steve screamed out in pain , but i was n't hearing him . 
 when i viewed the hole in the little girl 's head , i turned into `` maddog . '' 
 i took the cigar that was on the table , and rammed the lighted end into dragon 's left eye . 
 he pleaded for mercy but i did n't care . 
 smiling , i pushed the cigar into his other eye . 
 a dark ring of burnt flesh circled his charcoaled eyeballs . 
 the whites were now black , and ashes hid the once blue color . 
 the mug was hurting now , but i was n't through . 
 i took my forefingers , and dug them inside his mouth , feeling the insides of his cheeks . 
 then i yanked outward , and his cheeks gave way under the strain . 
 it sounded like the tearing of a rag . 
 the blood poured out of the long gashes that extended from his lips to his ears . 
 he 'd be getting a new nickname now ... zipper face ! 
 bright red blood gushed from his cheeks , as his flesh hung , and his eyes were like hollow caves . 
 whatever he was screaming now was not understandable . 
 only then did i call the police . 
 steve dragon is still alive if you want to call it that . 
 he 's crippled , blind , and looks like he has four zippers running across his face . 
 plus , i 'm the person responsible for him going to prison for the rest of his useless life . 
 yeah , johnny dragon knew me . 
 i 'm surprised he has n't shown up in front of me by now , or maybe he was smarter than his brother was . 
 it was like taking johnny 's right arm away when i crippled and mangled steve . 
 they were two of a kind ... two rats . 
 i said to bankoff , `` johnny dragon made you do what ? '' 
 the door opened behind me as i finished my last word . 
 i swung around , gun in hand to face the person or persons who had opened the door . 
 two hoods walked in . 
 behind them was none other than johnny dragon . 
 the tall , blacked haired , mustached gangster spoke first , in a sarcastic manner . 
 `` well , well , well , if it ai n't my good ol’ buddy maddog murdock . 
 what are you doing in this neck of the city ? '' 
 when his goons heard my name , a nervous twitch hit their faces . 
 they knew who i was , and were n't eager to initiate any action . 
 every thug in new york knew the name `` maddog . '' 
 i said , `` if you were behind the fiasco out there tonight , i 'll make you look like your brother . '' 
 dragon did n't like hearing that . 
 his eyes widened to the size of half dollars . 
 the hate he had for me was flowing over from inside him . 
 my gut told me that dragon had been just the muscle of this operation . 
 somebody else was the brains . 
 i was going to take dragon apart , and find out the lowdown on this set up . 
 with lightning speed , i pointed the barrel at the goons saying , `` slowly reach for your rods , place them on the floor , and kick them over here . '' 
 realizing that i had the drop on them , dragon reluctantly gave them the nod . 
 their .38 's clanged as they hit the floor , and bounced to my feet . 
 i looked at dragon and said , `` you too fuzz lip . '' 
 dragon slowly lifted his left hand , pulled out his rod using two fingers , and laid it on the rubdown table next to me . 
 i 've never seen a pistol like his before . 
 the color was silvery platinum , engraved with swirls and curls , and sported a pearl handle . 
 i thought back to yesterday . 
 johnny dragon 's gun was a .44 magnum , which happened to be the same caliber as the one that killed my good friend , dennis chiulli . 
 rage filled my mind , and i found my hand in the thick of dragon 's hair , pulling him to the filthy floor . 
 my rod was still trained on the goons . 
 they were as still as statues . 
 i raised my foot over my archenemy 's tight face , and sent it crashing down with all my weight behind it . 
 a `` squish '' sounded throughout the room , and i smiled . 
 his face looked like somebody had done a tap dance on it . 
 yeah , i did a dance . 
 they call it the `` face stomp . '' 
 dragon 's nose now tilted to the right , and blood freely flowed not only from his nose , but also from a gash of ripped skin on his cheek . 
 his boys were going to get hell for letting this happen to him . 
 i looked at my yellow jacket , and cursed after seeing blood splattered on it . 
 soon , i was going to run out of jackets . 
 i was a little burned up about it . 
 dragon looked helpless as i bent over , and reached into his pocket . 
 hate stretched across his face . 
 i pulled out his wallet , latched onto a `` c '' note , folded it , and put it in my pocket . 
 `` you got blood on my jacket , and you 're paying for it . '' 
 i was going to give him another hoof in the mouth to try to get him to talk , but the sounds of voices were getting nearer . 
 i unloaded dragon 's gun , and dropped it on his bloodstained shirt . 
 `` you better be using it the next time we meet dragon . '' 
 i regretted the move as soon as i did it . 
 my `` macho '' ego was driving me , instead of my brain . 
 i put the muscle 's guns into my pocket as reporters came scrambling in . 
 they saw me standing over the thug with bloody torn skin on his face . 
 i cut my way through the squawking reporters while one of them kept grabbing me , asking who i was , and what was going on . 
 every time i shoved him away , he came back for more . 
 finally , i wrapped my left hand around his pencil neck , took a step , and threw him down the hallway like a bowling ball . 
 that made a strike with the rest of the reporters . 
 after that , nobody asked me anything , or even followed me . 
 some guys just do n't understand unless it 's emphasized with some force . 
 i strolled down the street to the lot my car was in , handed the attendant my receipt , and waited for him to bring out the vehicle . 
 a couple of mugs next to me , who were waiting for their car , were talking about the fight . 
 one of them said that the champ hit `` ko '' with a blow that he could n't shake off , and subsequently died from that punch . 
 too bad they did n't know what they were talking about . 
 the best punch the champ got in was the left that put `` ko '' down . 
 moreover , that was when krasinski was standing in the middle of the ring , with his arms hanging at his sides , defenseless ! 
 my car came rolling out . 
 the boy exited , smiled , and asked what i had under the hood . 
 i flipped him a buck and told him , `` more horses than you can handle . '' 
 before i pulled out , i opened the trumped laker pipes installed on the gto , by flicking the switch under the dashboard , and floored the gas pedal in neutral . 
 the kid 's face lit up like a christmas tree when he heard the roar of the engine that spread throughout the block . 
 down the street , a cop on the beat turned around to see what the racket was . 
 i shut down the lakers , and puttered off . 
 on my way home , i was thinking of what had happened tonight . 
 dragon was sure to increase his efforts to come after me now . 
 thirty-three was still too young to die . 
 i had to step up my vigilance on him . 
 i cursed myself for not doing more damage to him . 
 i stopped the car by the river , jumped out , and threw the two .38 's into the hudson . 
 those two guns would never kill again . 
 i got back into the car , and drove on . 
 the image of the .44 magnum kept shooting up in front of my face . 
 i cursed myself for giving it back to him . 
 was it a strong coincidence that dragon owned a .44 magnum ? 
 was he the one who knocked off dennis ? 
 in addition , why was he in `` ko 's '' dressing room ? 
 too bad the reporters came charging back so soon . 
 he would have talked , or he would have been carried to the hospital . 
 there 'll be another time though . 
 i pulled the car into a space near my apartment , climbed out , locked it up , and strolled across the street to the twenty-story brick structure . 
 a car raced around the corner from the darkness . 
 it was the same car that had tried to take me for a ride up by the red hat . 
 a gun hung out the rear window , and started spitting its deadly lead my way . 
 i hit the hard asphalt between a couple of parked cars , and rolled under them in one motion . 
 my rod found its way into my hand as the phantom car sped away . 
 it was gone before i could get off a clean shot . 
 i smelled something rank , looked down at my shoulder , and eyed a glob that was smattered there . 
 would n't you know that some sorry mutt had made a dump in the gutter , just where i had taken the dive ? 
 i brushed myself off as well as i could , passed through the lobby , and took the elevator up to my floor . 
 lola must have heard me coming because she was standing by the doorway . 
 she ran up to me , pressed her body against mine , kissed my lips , and started to cry with happiness that i was home and safe . 
 her nose crinkled and she blurted out , `` oh mike , you stink . '' 
 i said , `` so do you baby , '' and pointed to the side of her face , which she had rubbed against my shoulder . 
 she was so embarrassed that she ran back into the apartment slamming the door behind her . 
 i turned the doorknob laughing my guts out . 
 she was some dame . 
 * * * ch 5 getting info at the yonkers police department . 
 during the night , i had managed to fall into a stream of flesh eating piranhas . 
 i did n't know how i got there , but i was too busy trying to escape to think about it . 
 my rod was as useless as a fly swatter against these cannibals . 
 their razor sharp teeth tore into my skin as i tried to shake them off . 
 then the fish , the stream , and the jungle background began to fade . 
 a voice came to my ears ... '' wake up mike . '' 
 my eyes opened to find lola shaking me , or rather wrestling with me . 
 i said , `` baby , the next time you wake me , please do n't dig your nails into my skin . '' 
 she replied , `` mike , it 's nearly noon already . '' 
 i grabbed her , and said that she was the most beautiful piranha in captivity . 
 she did n't know what i meant . 
 in fact , she did n't know what a piranha was , but giggled and squeaked , `` mike , you 're so romantic this morning . '' 
 i had to laugh out loud . 
 how could such a beautiful girl be such a `` ditz '' ? 
 the bed moaned as i climbed out . 
 i put on my knee length lavender silk robe that lola bought me in chinatown last christmas . 
 the smell of food rolled into the bedroom , and i jumped to the kitchen eyeing the meal lola had prepared . 
 `` lola baby , who the hell cooked this ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 who do you think ... the milkman ? '' 
 `` i thought he might have helped you . '' 
 she picked up the salt shaker from the table , and with the grace of a chicken , hurled it at me , hitting me square in the head . 
 immediately a lump appeared , and lola began laughing . 
 i thought it was pretty funny also . 
 here i am , the mug that does n't take any guff from anybody , and i take a knock on the head with a salt shaker from a hundred and twenty pounds blond . 
 as i bit into the first piece of fried pepperoni , lola snuck up behind me , wrapped her arms around me , and tenderly nibbled on my ear . 
 i gave her a warm kiss . 
 she sat down opposite me as i started telling her the things i wanted her to do today . 
 it would take an average secretary less than an hour to do , but with lola , i estimated four hours . 
 `` baby , take a cab to the office . 
 i 'll be there about two thirty . 
 before i get there , you get a hold of a few addresses . 
 i want dennis chiulli 's , krasinski 's mother , and rocky ragino 's . 
 i want their home and business addresses , and phone numbers . 
 got it ? '' 
 she said , `` will do , '' grabbed her white cotton coat , and purposely wiggled her sweet ass out the door . 
 i had some checking up to do as well . 
 when my plate was empty , i stepped over to the bedroom closet , and perused the two jackets that remained . 
 one was an eye shattering checkered tweed . 
 the other was a maroon blazer that was n't tailored for my rig . 
 i chose the blazer anyway , slipped it on , and looked in the mirror . 
 it appeared as if i was carrying a cannon under my arm from the bump in the jacket . 
 i gave the joint a quick check over , and walked out the door locking it behind me . 
 down the hall were two old ladies whispering . 
 one of them looked my way as i was waiting for the elevator to come up . 
 i heard her mutter , `` that 's mr. murdock from down the hall . 
 he 's a real vicious man , and has killed many people including women and children . '' 
 the other one came out with , `` i have heard about him also . 
 they say he killed people for laughs . '' 
 the elevator hit my floor . 
 as the doors opened , i turned to the two old bags , and made a mean face . 
 i threw my hands up as if to grab them , and let out with a deafening roar . 
 both of them were immobilized . 
 i noticed liquid rolling down the leg of the one on the right , and howled when a puddle formed at her feet . 
 i took the elevator to the lobby , and walked out of the building . 
 my humor was sharp today , and now it was time to toy with the doorman standing under the canopy . 
 i strutted up to him , and reached into my wallet , pulling out a fiver . 
 he could n't take his eyes off the bulge in my jacket . 
 i bellowed , `` i am expecting a few mugs , probably five or six , to go up to my apartment . 
 they will be carrying machine guns , probably in violin cases . 
 if you see them , give me a ring at my office . '' 
 there was a lump in his throat the size of a watermelon as he nodded . 
 i shuffled past the short , plump fellow before i broke out laughing . 
 the avenue was packed with cars . 
 i jockeyed my way past a couple , then skirted to the other side of the street where my car was parked . 
 my keys clinked together as i pulled them out of my pocket , and jammed one into the ignition slot . 
 the engine turned over with a loud rumble . 
 i cut the wheels toward the street , and headed out . 
 the radio came blasting on with some wild music the kids went for today , and i turned the dial to another station . 
 i left a little rubber when i pulled out of the space , in fact , it was almost impossible not to , with the heap stacked like mine . 
 the yonkers police department was my destination . 
 i turned onto yonkers avenue , pulled into a spot , and headed for the station house . 
 i asked the sergeant at the desk if frank was on duty . 
 he nodded , and pointed the direction to go , which i knew as well as he did . 
 i opened the door to frank 's office , stepped in , and found komo slaving over a pile of papers on his desk . 
 `` well , well , i could use another secretary , '' i remarked . '' 
 how about coming to work for me ? 
 i 'll double your pay . '' 
 a frown grew over his face , and he spat out , `` who the hell did you kill now ? '' 
 `` no one pal , not yet anyway . '' 
 `` half this lousy paperwork is over you , you son of a bitch . 
 why do n't you stay in the bronx , and bother those cops for a while ! '' 
 `` i like yonkers frank . 
 i like you too buddy . '' 
 `` well buddy , i do n't like you . '' 
 `` alright , i do n't like you either . '' 
 `` cut the bullshit . 
 what did you come here for ? '' 
 `` i 'd like to see your files on a couple of guys ... archie bankoff and johnny dragon . '' 
 he looked up from his papers , and eyed me as if i knew more about last night than him , or the p. d. downtown . 
 i did . 
 `` why the info on johnny dragon ? '' 
 `` just a hunch , nothing solid to go on . '' 
 `` i know your kind of hunches . 
 they always turn out right , even when they smell wrong . '' 
 i was n't going to tell him anything . 
 not yet anyway . 
 i grunted , `` can i see the files ? '' 
 frank pointed for me to sit down , and pressed the button on his desk . 
 a couple of seconds later a uniformed cop walked in , was told what to get , and closed the door on his way out . 
 the cop reminded me of a humanoid . 
 i pulled a butt out of my pack , offered one to frank , and lit up . 
 `` mike , who do you think is behind this ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 `` what do you mean , `` you do n't know ! '' . 
 i know you better than that . 
 if the department had more men to spare i 'd put a shadow on dragon right now . '' 
 `` you 're crazy . 
 i ai n't got anything to go on . 
 if i did i 'd tell you . '' 
 the boy in blue came back in the office carrying two manila folders , dropped them on the cluttered desk , and scooted off . 
 i snuffed out my butt , stood up , and walked over to the lieutenant 's desk . 
 `` read all you want mike , but i do n't want any missing pages . 
 understand ? '' 
 i grumbled a , `` yeah , '' picked up the folders , and shuffled back to my seat . 
 archie bankoff was on top , so i looked at his first . 
 the first couple of pages listed his job history , family , and associates . 
 the next one got a little more interesting . 
 back in ` 62 archie was called before the boxing commission on suspicion of influencing one of his small time boxers to take a dive . 
 the fighter had blabbed that arch paid him three thousand clams to take the fall . 
 he did take the fall , but was one of those guys who had a guilty conscience . 
 not much else was in there . 
 then my investigation paid off . 
 on the next page was a list of bankoff 's cohorts at the time of the hearing . 
 they were carmine bonachi , bobby interdonato , and salvatore caro . 
 these were the top three boys of the syndicate in long island . 
 down the list , i spotted another familiar name ... steve dragon . 
 things began to add up . 
 steve supplied the muscle for the higher ups in the fight rackets . 
 he got too thirsty for big money , and tried the kidnapping business for a quick buck . 
 he found out it did n't pay enough after i got through with him . 
 steve could n't do his muscle work anymore , so johnny moved in to take over his brother 's half . 
 this had high-income potential . 
 it had been going on for years . 
 `` mr. big '' lays out some big bucks to several `` books '' on the underdog . 
 he pays dragon to put the squeeze on the favorite , and bingo ... his money multiplies . 
 no evidence to nab anybody on anything though . 
 these guys are smart , but they are not fooling around with the cops now . 
 they are fooling around with mike murdock . 
 i closed the folder on bankoff , and opened up the one on dragon . 
 his rap sheet was as long as the declaration of independence . 
 the cops first nabbed the hood when he was seven years old for robbing and assaulting an old lady . 
 you can say he started out young . 
 the thug even spent a year in the big house five years ago for manslaughter . 
 he was in a fight with a guy , and killed him `` accidentally . '' 
 the report read that the victim fell , hit his head against the curb , and died from the wound thereof . 
 the boy he killed happened to be `` kid '' ramos , a top flyweight contender a few years back . 
 this seemed more than just a coincidence . 
 i figure ramos did n't want to play the game so he had to be made an example of , and eliminated . 
 manslaughter my ass ! 
 it sounded like premeditated murder to me . 
 this setup smelled worse the more i found out about it . 
 there was no doubt in my mind now . 
 the facts were right in front of my face . 
 i was n't only going after dragon and his crew . 
 another gang would just take his place . 
 i was going for `` mr. big , '' the `` top dog , '' and the brain behind the operations . 
 too many questions surged into my head . 
 how did krasinski really die ? 
 who killed him ? 
 who set up the bombing ? 
 who tried to take me for a ride ? 
 who tried to gun me down in the street ? 
 who was the brain behind this operation ? 
 i closed the folder , walked over to the desk , and said to frank , `` it looks like i 'm barking up the wrong tree . '' 
 he smiled contently and said , `` i do n't think dragon had anything to do with it . 
 one more stunt by him , and he 'd have a semi-private room up the river for the rest of his life . '' 
 i nodded my head that he was probably right , lit up a butt and said , `` thanks for the peek at the files . 
 feel like sneaking out for a beer ? '' 
 he looked at his watch , eyed the work he had on his desk in disgust and said , `` yeah , but just a quick one . '' 
 we walked past the booking station , out the door , and stepped toward the red hat . 
 there was dried blood on the sidewalk and the wall from the other night . 
 i opened the door for komo , and we took a couple of seats at the bar . 
 roxy came over , poured us each a beer , and laid a double of four roses beside mine . 
 the bartender mumbled , `` mike , you 're a money maker . 
 people come in here just to see what you look like . '' 
 i looked around me , and noticed that the three guys at the end of the bar were whispering to each other while eyeballing me . 
 a couple of women at the table looked at me as if i was a man-eating lion . 
 i gave them all a sneer , and turned back to the barkeep . 
 `` i ought to charge you for the drinks rox . '' 
 he laughed and hoofed it to the other end of the bar . 
 rox joined the conversation with the three guys . 
 frank finished his beer , slid off the seat , shook my hand , and walked out the door . 
 a moment later , i realized that he had n't paid for his drink . 
 i always seem to get stuck with the tabs . 
 i pawed out my wallet , shoved out a couple of bills onto the bar , waved , and walked out the door . 
 * * * ch 6 lola 's in trouble and `` maddog '' arrives ! 
 the sunlight hurt my eyes as i stepped from the dark recesses of the bar . 
 i looked toward my car , and noticed some punk monkeying around with the rear tires . 
 i wanted to see what he was going to do , so i leaned against a `` no parking '' sign , and locked my vision on him . 
 in broad daylight it appeared that the kid was stealing my mags and tires . 
 he was unscrewing the lugs now , so i decided i had better put a stop to it . 
 the teenager did n't hear me come up behind him , but he knew it when i bent down , and put my hand around the back of his scrawny neck . 
 i squeezed hard , and said , `` what the hell are you doin ' with my car , kid ? '' 
 the longhaired squirt jumped about three feet , and stuttered as he told me his story . 
 i 've heard some wild tales before , but this one took the prize . 
 `` some guy came by , gave me twenty bucks , and told me to take off the lug nuts on the rear wheels . 
 twenty bucks is twenty bucks . 
 i did n't ask any questions . '' 
 i said , `` where 's the twenty , kid ? ' 
 he pulled a crisp twenty out of his pocket and remained silent . 
 his story now sounded more legit . 
 for some reason i liked the kid , and i think he saw it in my face that i was n't going to hurt him . 
 i reached into my pocket , pulled out a fin , and told him to tighten the nuts back up . 
 while he was doing it , i leaned against the car , and lit up a smoke . 
 the kid had enough balls to ask me for one . 
 i not only gave him one ... but also lit it ! 
 i think i knew why i liked the boy . 
 he reminded me of myself when i was his age . 
 i was no angel as a teenager . 
 in fact , i recall stealing a guy 's tire when i was grabbed around my neck . 
 my memory reflected back about fifteen years . 
 yeah , the guy hoisted me up by the neck , and asked me what the hell i was doing with his car . 
 the recollection came in clear . 
 he was big , ugly , and you could tell he was nobody to fool with . 
 the funny thing about it was , we became friends . 
 no , it was more than that ... he became my mentor . 
 he was the meanest private investigator in the city . 
 he taught me the ropes , the angles , and how to think . 
 i might have been a bus driver if i had never met him . 
 he 's gone now , and i have n't thought of him in a while . 
 we were two of a kind . 
 both private cops , both packed .45 's , and both of us are and were known as the scourges of new york city . 
 only now , i was the only one alive . 
 a tug on my coat told me that the kid had finished tightening the lugs . 
 i slapped him on the shoulder saying , `` kid , there is no way to make easy money , and not get hurt . 
 understand ? '' 
 the way i said it sounded more like a statement than advice . 
 the kid gave me a look as if i was a prophet , and stretched out his hand . 
 we shook , and he walked off . 
 i hopped back into the heap cutting the wheels for the office . 
 the traffic was slacking off now . 
 it was already four o’clock , and i was at least fifteen minutes away from the office . 
 i hoped lola would still be waiting for me . 
 when i 'm in a rush i seem to catch every red light , and i caught eighteen of the twenty i had to pass . 
 the traffic going uptown was getting packed with suburbanites on their way home . 
 i flipped a camel out of my pack , punched the lighter on the dash , and lit up . 
 reaching 238th street , i hooked a right into the municipal parking lot , and locked up . 
 i dug into my pockets for a nickel to feed the meter , but my hand came out with two quarters , a dime , half dollar , a canadian penny , and a slug that some son of a bitch had slipped me . 
 the slug was the size of a nickel though , so i pushed it into the slot of the meter . 
 it worked ! 
 now it was the city 's problem . 
 i strolled across the street , and stepped towards the office . 
 the hallway door did n't squeak for the first time in six months . 
 the janitor must have finally gotten off his ass and oiled it . 
 i took the stairs two at a time as i usually do , and opened the door to the reception area . 
 `` lola baby , the farmer is back from the fields . '' 
 at once , i felt something was n't right . 
 lola was not at her desk , and the joint was clean . 
 usually she had coffee cups , lipstick , powders , and other junk lying around . 
 i caught a movement to my side , but it was too late to grab my rod . 
 i heard a , `` up with your hands murdock . '' 
 there was n't much i could do . 
 i put up my hands , and turned slowly around to see where the voice came from . 
 there were three of them , and they all had guns pointed at my gut . 
 two of them i had never seen before , but the third was the mug that was driving the car when i shot up his buddy in front of the red hat . 
 one said , `` over against the wall big shot . '' 
 the smallest of the three came over and frisked me . 
 he seemed a little nervous to come too close to me . 
 as he reached for my rig , and pulled out my .45 , i spit in his face . 
 he jumped back , and wiped his puss off . 
 `` short stuff '' was n't about to make any move against me . 
 the one in the middle appeared to be the leader of the three . 
 he was big , and i could see that he was the only one who knew how to handle himself . 
 the third goon was all smiles . 
 he must have thought he was fooling with tinker bell . 
 the big one said to me , `` let 's go , somebody wants to see you . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` never mind who . 
 you 'll find out soon enough . '' 
 smiley pointed his gun towards the door blurting out , `` you first , maddog . 
 take it easy , and you wo n't get hurt . '' 
 this guy was too much . 
 he must have thought he was humphrey bogart . 
 some people watch too many movies . 
 i frowned , and walked to the door as the three goons followed . 
 humphrey bogart was behind me shoving his rod hard into my back . 
 just as i was about to turn the doorknob , the door swung open , and in burst the janitor . 
 this was the time to make my move . 
 what a break ! 
 i grabbed the poor guy 's arm , and flung him into the muscles behind me . 
 the goons were thrown off-kilter , and i knew just what to do . 
 i grabbed the .38 from humphrey , and ran out the door . 
 i shrewdly made a sudden stop , and then a quick side step on the other side of the wall . 
 two of the goons jumped past the janitor , and charged out the door after me . 
 they discovered too late that they had made a fatal mistake . 
 the first one 's cheekbone was smashed by a slug that came out the other side of his head carrying half his brain with it . 
 the mess splattered against the wall like a splash of globby red paint . 
 the second thug was standing not more than six inches away from the barrel of my gun when i squeezed the trigger three times . 
 the blast sent him flying into the air , and when he landed , his stomach was lying beside him on the floor . 
 his guts looked like a pile of puke , mud , and wiggling reddish brown worms . 
 i could see that the guy had eaten steak for lunch . 
 one more was left , and he was still in the office . 
 i stuck my head out from behind the door an inch to see where he was . 
 a shot sounded sending a piece of lead whizzing past my ear . 
 i fell to the floor . 
 it was an academy award performance . 
 i laid there as stiff as a board , fighting to hold my breath . 
 the jerk came out to see if he got me . 
 what an amateur ... and this is the one who i thought was experienced . 
 he turned to see the severed bodies of his companions , and turned pale . 
 that 's when i made my move . 
 his foot was near my hand , close enough to grab . 
 i gave a firm yank , and he collapsed to the floor . 
 his gun flew out of his hand , banged against the wall , and landed inches from my mitt . 
 i scrambled to get my hands on it before the lone leader knew what was coming off . 
 the gun was in my hand now , and i pointed the muzzle at him . 
 `` get up fat boy , '' i said . 
 he grunted as he got up , and looked at me with eyes that begged for mercy . 
 sweat formed on his brow , and saliva flowed from the corners of his mouth . 
 i pointed my gun towards the office door grunting , `` get in there . '' 
 i guess he was in a state of shock , for he was gazing at the spongy looking material oozing down the wall , and the bloody guts of his other buddy . 
 the body parts smelled like a mixture of rotten eggs , and rancid garbage . 
 it was getting to the guy , but i wanted it to be emphasized . 
 i put my hand into his partner 's stomach , and pulled his intestines out . 
 the stench grew worse . 
 with a smile on my face , i dropped the mass of bloody gunk onto the floor , and stepped on it . 
 i could see in his face that he knew of my reputation . 
 i wiped my hand on his shirt . 
 if he had , a gun in his hand now he would have probably used it on himself . 
 if he had hurt lola , he would soon know what extreme pain was . 
 i pushed him inside the reception room , and shoved his body into a chair . 
 the janitor was still on the floor with his hands waving over his head , and a horrified look covering his face . 
 i said , `` it 's ok pop , beat it . '' 
 the poor guy jumped up , and shot out of the office faster than lightning . 
 i 've never seen him move so fast . 
 my door would probably never be oiled again after this . 
 the unarmed gunman was cooperating with me fully . 
 i walked to my desk , opened the bottom drawer , and pulled out a bottle of four roses . 
 the lip of the bottle entered my mouth , and i hauled back for a long one . 
 i looked at the slob and said , `` where 's lola ? '' 
 his lip started trembling . 
 he could n't push any words out of his mouth . 
 once more , i repeated myself . 
 this guy was too afraid to tell me , and i was having a difficult time keeping control of my temper . 
 i walked over to him , stood by his side , and screamed into his face , `` what the hell have you done with lola ? '' 
 with that , i lifted my hand , and the bottle of four roses went crashing into his face . 
 it sounded like a rock hitting soft ground when the bottle met his nose . 
 the bastard let out a howl , as his body slammed against the back of the chair , almost flipping it over . 
 he pleaded with me not to hit him again . 
 the goon 's speech was barely intelligible . 
 his nose looked like it was broken in at least three different places . 
 i laughed , and this time when i asked him the question , he pointed to the inner office . 
 some guys you just have to handle rough . 
 i walked to the door , opened it , and found lola sprawled across the floor , blood flowing from her head . 
 i stepped to her still , lifeless body , brushed her bloody matted blond hair from her face , and called out her name . 
 there was no response , no movement , not a twitch . 
 i instinctively opened one of her eyes , by lifting a lid , and saw only emptiness . 
 my hands gently lowered her head back to the floor . 
 she was dead . 
 i now became a `` maddog . '' 
 i slammed the door behind me , and returned to the front room . 
 never have i been so enraged . 
 flame flowed from my mouth , and hate beamed from my eyes . 
 i was going to mutilate this guy so badly that it would make those hoods in the corridor look as if they were just suffering from a cold . 
 what drove three armed men to kill a helpless woman ? 
 the goon was still in the chair . 
 he would never walk out of this office . 
 he knew that when he looked into my eyes . 
 the slob made his last desperate move . 
 he jumped out of the chair , and lunged towards the door . 
 i lifted the rod in my hand , and pulled the trigger ... once ... twice ... three ... four times . 
 the roars sounded throughout the building . 
 the pig fell to the floor moaning in pain , and he had a right to be moaning . 
 both his lower legs were hanging by hairs of sinew . 
 i had shot the son of a bitch in the kneecaps . 
 i picked him up and dragged him back to the chair , listening to his cries of pain . 
 the poor guy needed some comfort and attention . 
 i do n't know about comfort , but he was gon na get a lot of attention from me . 
 the mug did n't know what pain was yet . 
 he squirmed , and slid out of the chair onto the floor , gliding on his own blood . 
 i reached down for his leg , or what was left , and twisted it . 
 the strings of muscle and flesh snapped after several turns and yanks . 
 it sounded like plucking a loose guitar string . 
 the mug screamed , pleaded , and cried . 
 the calf parted from the knee , and i threw it across the room . 
 i tried doing the same to the other leg , but the ligaments held firm after two full revolutions . 
 i dropped his limp foot to the floor , and smirked into the sorry bastard 's face . 
 a pool of blood formed around the raw pieces of bubbling , fleshy stumps . 
 the protruding artery hung out from the muck of glob squirming like a slimy worm ripped in half . 
 the murdering bastard was wriggling in excruciating pain . 
 the splintered bone protruding from his thigh looked like a giant maggot swimming in a pool of deep , dark blood . 
 i thought of poor lola again , and i guess i went nuts . 
 i pulled out my pocketknife , and jammed it into his eardrums . 
 he shrieked the mother of all shrieks . 
 unfortunately , now he would n't be able to hear himself scream . 
 this is as close to justice as i was gon na get . 
 i needed to mutilate him ... oh , how i reveled in it . 
 not for the sake of being violent , but for avenging the killing of my dear sweetheart . 
 i grabbed his bottom lip , pulled it out , and sliced it off with a couple of sloppy strokes . 
 my finger jabbed him in the eyes for good measure . 
 the sound of police sirens could now be heard . 
 they were coming closer until they stopped outside the office . 
 if i was going to finish this sucker , i had to do it now . 
 he was on the floor , swimming in his puke , blood pouring out of his torn , shredded legs . 
 his nose was grotesquely smashed . 
 his lip was missing , and his ears oozed dark red fluid . 
 my body towered over him . 
 i visualized his head as a football . 
 my legs stepped back five paces , and stopped . 
 through the window , i could hear the police getting out of their cars . 
 i went rushing forward with every muscle in my body pitched to its peak , and brought my foot smashing into the cripple 's head . 
 sloop ! 
 blood splattered everywhere . 
 i looked at the remaining glob and muck . 
 his mouth was open showing the ripped gums shedding their teeth , the tongue floating in a well of blood , and the cheeks completely ripped apart . 
 my foot had connected at the cheekbone , and had sent parts of his head across the room . 
 one of his swollen , blood-red eyes was in the flower pot on the windowsill . 
 his mouth , or what was left of it , was gaping open as if it was a large mouth bass . 
 i was glad i did it . 
 it was a sickening sight to look at ... that is , for anyone else but me . 
 his head looked like a squashed , blood red cantaloupe ... one that was over ripe . 
 here i was , in the best of humor this morning , and not wanting to hurt a fly . 
 i looked around me , and saw the brains , intestines , eyeball , and other parts of human anatomy flung around the office and corridor . 
 then the police walked in . 
 * * * ch 7 warning ! 
 do n't mess with lola . 
 there were four of them as a rookie led the way through the door . 
 he had his pistol in his mitt , and it was pointed at me . 
 i was tired of having guns pointed at my gut , but better sense told me to play along . 
 i was pushed up against the wall , hands above my head , and frisked . 
 the rookie reminded me of the humphrey bogart character lying in the hallway . 
 he stood back a couple of feet from me , his gun aimed at my midsection . 
 damn , why did everybody want to point their guns at me ? 
 the rookie 's face was full of power , lips tight , eyes slit , and a hint of a grin . 
 the kid had the kind of face that i would like to smash just on general principles . 
 he did n't seem to care too much for me either . 
 a couple of the veteran cops were checking out the remains of the bodies . 
 one of them saw me standing against the wall with `` itchy fingers '' ready to shoot me if i breathed too hard . 
 the cop hustled over with his hand outstretched , and i realized it was bob landry . 
 he was a really honest cop who was in on a couple of deals that i had helped out on with the nypd . 
 i grabbed his hand , feeling his tight , warm grip . 
 the rookie was startled . 
 he stammered out with a , `` but this guy 's a m-murderer , '' as he looked at the mangled corpses on the floor . 
 bob holstered his gun , looked at the young apprentice and muttered , `` you would n't know a murderer if you walked down death row . 
 go outside and keep everyone out of our hair . '' 
 the rookie shuffled off muttering to himself . 
 i looked at my forty year old , muscular pal and wearily said , `` bob , is it ok if i wait till the captain gets here ? 
 then i 'll do my explaining . '' 
 he nodded , turned around , and joined the other policemen checking out the carnage . 
 i felt tired , and sat down in the huge leather chair at my side . 
 lola , poor lola . 
 she would n't hurt a fly , and now she was lying in a pool of her own blood . 
 i should have treated her better . 
 she was so fragile , soft , tender , and loving . 
 people were going to die for this . 
 at least one of those lifeless bodies on the floor used to belong to dragon 's crew . 
 i bent over , laid my cold face in my hands , and closed my eyes . 
 never would i feel her warm touch again . 
 it was hard to believe that she was dead . 
 with all the killings that i have done , and dead bodies i have seen , this was the first one that has affected me so heavily . 
 i felt a strong sense of loneliness as i rubbed my fingers through my hair . 
 the police did n't yet know that her cold , breathless body was lying on the floor in the other room . 
 i 'd miss cuddling up with her at night . 
 who would i love and tease ? 
 i would sorely miss sharing the highs and lows of our business , and seeing the dancing in her eyes about the adventures we encountered . 
 i stared at the door as if i could burn a hole through it . 
 no sounds came to my ears ; no movement came to my eyes . 
 all i could do was to stare at the door , and think of lola . 
 i lost track of time . 
 i just stared in sadness . 
 the doorknob turned . 
 no , it could n't have . 
 nobody was in there except lola , and she was dead . 
 my imagination was playing tricks on me . 
 it turned again , and this time a click sounded with it . 
 i jumped to my feet , wondering if i was in the twilight zone . 
 the door swung to the side revealing who had opened it . 
 there was lola standing with her legs spread , and her hands on her bloodied head . 
 my beautiful , ditzy , love kitten was n't dead after all . 
 she looked across the office at the mangled bodies , rubbed her eyes , and looked again . 
 the first words out of her mouth were , `` what the hell went on here ? '' 
 what a damn fool i was . 
 i should have known that lola could have been just knocked unconscious . 
 a ten-year-old kid would have checked for a pulse , put a mirror under her nose , or at least put his ear to her chest . 
 she stumbled over to me , asked why i looked so astonished , and told me that her head was hurting . 
 my mind was all mixed up . 
 i told her , `` i thought you were dead . 
 when i opened the door , and saw you lying in a pool of your own blood , i knelt , and cradled you in my arms . 
 i looked into your lifeless eyes , and my heart went heavy . 
 tenderly , i laid your head back down , and left the room in a blind rage for vengeance . '' 
 my arms closed around her , and my lips kissed her face . 
 i felt new life in me , as i whispered words of love into her ear . 
 i yelled out , `` bob . '' 
 landry came from the hallway looking puzzled when he saw lola . 
 it does n't happen often , but i was at a loss for words . 
 i could n't talk , so my finger pointed at her , and mumbled , `` my sweetheart is alive ! 
 ask her what happened . '' 
 he did , and lola answered in her usual non-intellectual manner . 
 she squealed out , `` i was just watering the flowers , and those dead men on the floor were alive then . 
 at least i think that 's them . 
 i ca n't really tell . 
 boy , they look awful . '' 
 then she looked towards me and said , `` mike , my head still hurts . '' 
 i grabbed a towel from the bathroom , filled it with some ice from the fridge , and placed it on her head wound . 
 softly , i told her , `` the ambulance will be here soon . '' 
 she began relating her full story to the cops . 
 as long as she had somebody listening to her , she could talk for hours . 
 an ambulance whined to a stop outside the building . 
 i walked to the window , looked out , and saw the janitor being interviewed . 
 the medical examiner , photo boys , and other crime scene investigators filled the office . 
 the ambulance attendants came rushing up the stairs like they were going to a fire . 
 their eyes grew to the size of silver dollars when they saw the mangled body parts i had decorated my office with . 
 lola spotted them , ran over , and asked in her high-pitched voice , `` hi , i 'm lola , and my head hurts because one of those dead men hit me in the head . 
 that happened when they were alive . 
 can you mend me ? '' 
 they looked at each other , then back at her like she was loony , but one of them attended to her , while the other sized up the situation on the others . 
 reporters started to show up by the pairs bringing flashes and havoc with them . 
 the police were trying to hold them back but were having a hard time . 
 finally , the cops gave up and let the news hawks in . 
 they came charging in like a pack of wild elephants tramping over a tribe of helpless natives . 
 seeing that it was time to make my flight , i got up , grabbed lola , the attendant , bob landry , and pulled them into the back office . 
 before i closed the door behind us , i glanced back . 
 the reception area looked like time square on new year 's eve . 
 i cursed to myself , turned around , and shut the door , which cut off most of the racket and commotion going on . 
 i pulled out my pack of camels , pushed one out , lit up , and sat back on the large soft sofa . 
 lola was sitting by the window getting her wound treated , as bob sat down beside me . 
 the door opened letting in a cloud of smoke and noise that spread throughout the room . 
 through it charged matt zima , captain of the bronx homicide division . 
 he was my age , and just as ugly and mean as me . 
 now came the storm . 
 i 've killed a lot of people in the bronx , and that just meant more work for matt . 
 he was the toughest cop on the force , and he had the brains to go with his muscle . 
 he also did n't like paperwork . 
 if he was n't working for the city , i would have taken him in as a partner . 
 before i could blink , the tall , stocky dynamo was standing in front of me . 
 he seemed too happy for a guy who had three bodies on his hands . 
 his paws swung out towards me , and i shook it . 
 this was n't kosher . 
 he was usually screaming his mouth off after one of my killings . 
 the first words out of his mouth were , `` mike , now you have killed a total of sixteen people in the bronx , and this is the first time i do n't mind cleaning up your mess . 
 you probably do n't know who those boys out there were . 
 one of them is a local , small time hood who has been getting in our hair . 
 but he is not what i am happy about . 
 the other two are wanted for murder in half the states in the union . 
 they were out of town boys from miami . 
 those two worked as a pair , killing anyone for a price . 
 they were contract killers mike , and it looks like someone bought them for you . 
 somebody wants you dead . '' 
 i shot out , `` yeah , it looks that way . '' 
 `` you got any ideas who it is ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` well , start from the beginning , and tell me what went down . '' 
 i told him everything except that one of the boys out there was part of dragon 's outfit . 
 nor did i tell him that dragon must have been the one who put the contract out on me . 
 matt pulled out his little notebook , and scribbled down a few facts as i lit up a smoke . 
 i answered all his questions . 
 his face tightened up at some of my answers , but after a half hour , he seemed satisfied . 
 matt closed his pad , and stuffed it in his jacket . 
 you could tell this guy was a cop . 
 his clothes were old , and out of style . 
 speaking of clothes , mine were full of blood . 
 this time it was n't so bad though . 
 at least it was n't one of my tailored blazers . 
 the guy who was working on lola 's noodle finished up , and we walked out the door . 
 as the door opened , i could hear and see the animals trampling down my office . 
 lola squeezed between bob and me , and wrapped her arms around my neck . 
 she nibbled on my ear and squeaked , `` gee mike , i feel like i never even got hit . '' 
 i muttered , `` did it do any damage to your brain ? '' 
 `` how am i supposed to know ? 
 you always say that i do n't have a brain . '' 
 she thought that was very clever . 
 i smiled , and gave her a hug . 
 the third degree was over , and we all headed out of the room , matt in the lead . 
 we were immediately attacked by reporters , but that did n't last long . 
 i heard zima roar , `` get these maniacs outta here . '' 
 when matt shouts , it sounds like a bellowing wild gorilla . 
 the cops moved like lightning , for there was n't a reporter in the office twenty seconds after he had yelled . 
 matt saw the bottle of four roses lying invitingly on the floor , picked it up , and put it to his lips . 
 a smack sounded from his mouth . 
 i stepped over to him and whispered , `` matt , i could still use a partner like you . 
 why do n't you come over to my side ? 
 there 's a lot more money than you 're making now . '' 
 i got the answer i expected , `` no ! '' 
 casually i said to him , `` ok , i 'm gon na keep killing in the bronx . '' 
 the city had an efficient m.e. . 
 he had already taken the bodies away , eyeballs , and all . 
 too bad he could n't take the blood and the stench that was left also . 
 i could see that the joint was going to have to be painted again . 
 fumigation would n't do any harm either . 
 matt gathered up his boys , told the reporters he would give them the story if they followed him to the station house , and left . 
 the newsboys followed him like a hound follows a rabbit , trampling down the stairs . 
 i shut the door behind them . 
 there was a sullen quietness now . 
 my eyes looked around the room , and were tired of seeing guts and blood . 
 i walked over to the window , picked up my bottle of four roses , and poured a shot for each of us . 
 it had been a frenzied and terrifying day , and i hoped the drink would help mellow us out . 
 the ambulance attendant had cleaned the blood from lola 's head , and had applied a number of butterfly stitches to her wound . 
 before leaving , i called the janitorial service , to clean this place up asap . 
 i 'm sure that this would be a cleaning that the custodians would never forget . 
 lola and i gathered up our things , shut off the lights , and locked the door behind us . 
 * * * ch 8 working the case i slept like smokey the bear during hibernation that night . 
 the alarm was set for eight-thirty , but neither lola nor i had heard it . 
 when i finally opened an eye , it was ten-thirty . 
 i jumped out of bed , hit lola on the ass , and lit up a smoke i had shuffled out of the pack on the dresser . 
 she opened her eyes , rolled over , and went back to sleep . 
 quietly i tip toed out to the kitchen , pulled out a glass from the cabinet , and filled it with cold water . 
 and when i say cold , i mean cold . 
 i snuck back into the bedroom , and whisked the covers off my nude sleeping companion . 
 with a frown on her a face , her eyes opened to see me standing there with the glass of water , and a mischievous look on my face . 
 she woke up alright . 
 her mouth was open , and with her high-pitched voice , she pleaded , `` do n't you dare do it . '' 
 standing over her , i held the glass , and tipped a few drops onto her breasts . 
 she jumped up , hitting my arm , and caused me to spill the rest of the water on top of her . 
 it was a pretty mean thing to do if i do say so myself . 
 who likes to have cold water poured on them , especially when they 're in a nice warm bed ? 
 she let out a bloodcurdling scream and grabbed for the blanket to wipe off her shivering body . 
 lola 's teeth rattled and her flesh turned into goose bumps . 
 she was mad now , and jumped out of bed to attack me as i fled into the living room . 
 the blond bomber ran into the bathroom , and took out a can of shaving cream . 
 the chase was on . 
 if anybody ever saw this , i would never be able to live it down . 
 here was tough mike murdock , the most violent private detective in new york city , running around a couch holding a glass , being chased by a nude woman armed with a can of gillett foamy . 
 this was something else . 
 she could catch up with me eventually so i stopped , got on my knees , and pleaded , `` oh my dear queen , i beg for mercy . 
 let forth thy just punishment . '' 
 she let it go alright . 
 i expected some shaving cream on my head , but i guess that was n't `` just punishment . '' 
 i saw stars . 
 lola smashed the can into my head , and then jumped me . 
 this was not a good way to start the day , being clobbered with a can of gillette foamy , then getting mauled by a nude blonde . 
 she had pinned me to the floor , her huge breast slapping me in the face . 
 i had to laugh . 
 lola started giggling , and i grabbed and held her tight in my arms . 
 she was a wonderful playmate . 
 i kissed her , and caressed her soft white skin . 
 we both became sexually aroused , and spent some quality time on the living room carpet . 
 after playtime i murmured , `` ok baby , get dressed , how about cooking up some chow . '' 
 i showered while lola slipped into a robe , and began cooking . 
 as the chow was being dished out , i strolled over to the bedroom , and put on some clothes . 
 my hand opened the closet door , and the tweed jacket stared me in the face . 
 i took it out , and laid it on the bed . 
 the jacket had n't been worn in about five years . 
 it was tailored for my rig , but the dark brown color made me look like a common office worker . 
 that was not the image i wanted to project . 
 i shuffled to the kitchen , sat down , and told lola i would drive her to the office today . 
 after the bacon and eggs , i punched another smoke into my mouth , and lit up . 
 lola finished eating , walked out of the kitchen , and returned carrying my jacket from the bedroom . 
 i put it on , and looked at myself in the mirror . 
 `` damn , i look like john jones , accountant . '' 
 i muttered . 
 lola squeaked , `` gee , i think it looks nifty . '' 
 i spanked her can , and chased her out the apartment door . 
 the hallway was empty , and i laughed to myself as i thought of those two old bags yesterday . 
 the elevator came up with the door opening like a giant mouth . 
 we jumped in , pressed the `` l '' button , and listened to the whirl of the motors start as the elevator descended . 
 the doors opened a few seconds later revealing the newly waxed floor of the spacious lobby . 
 lola sounded like one of those mexican dancers as her high heels tapped against the glistening floor . 
 the doorman opened the portals for us then called out , `` mr. murdock . '' 
 i stopped , turned , and then remembered the joke i played on him yesterday . 
 `` what 's up bub ? '' 
 `` mr. murdock , three shifty looking men came here yesterday . 
 they got on the elevator , and i noticed they took it to your floor . 
 a few minutes later , they came down , and i 'll tell ya , they were acting suspicious . 
 they would n't tell me who they were looking for , or what they wanted . 
 i called your office several times , but all i got was a busy signal . '' 
 i slipped him another five , and told him to keep his eyes peeled . 
 those mugs must have thought they would knock me off in my own apartment , but when they discovered i was n't there , they went to my office . 
 why was there such a sudden increase of attention on me ? 
 lola was probably on the phone talking to one of her gabby girlfriends while he was trying to call . 
 my car was across the street sitting next to a new corvette . 
 lola slipped her arm under mine as we crossed the avenue . 
 piling into my heap , a tall skinny boy walked up to the ` vette and hopped in . 
 he lived in the same apartment building , and his old man had more money than he knew what to do with . 
 the ` vette blared out with a deafening noise as he stomped the gas to the floor in neutral , challenging me to drag . 
 he looked at my car as if it were a volkswagen . 
 i pulled a fifty out of my wallet , crumpled it up , threw it through his opened window , and said , `` you want to drag to the light for that ? '' 
 he was all smiles , and jumped at the chance to make an easy fifty . 
 his head tilted a nod , and we pulled out into the almost deserted street . 
 his new ` vette was a powerful one , but my `` goat '' was packed with muscle . 
 the type of muscle it had included dual quad carbs , a three quarter race cam , and a bore and stroke job . 
 the heap was n't too good on gas , but its speed got me out of quite a few jams in the past . 
 the light turned green , and we wheeled out . 
 the race was over in a few short seconds , and i beat him by a car length . 
 i did n't even shift into fourth gear . 
 i looked over at his surprised face , and laughed out loud . 
 two crumpled fifty-dollar bills flew through my opened window landing on my front seat . 
 the ` vette screamed off as the light turned green . 
 i picked up the bills , and stuffed them in my pocket . 
 that was just about enough cash for gas to run my car for a month . 
 i stepped on the pedal , and moved out , but at a slower pace . 
 when we were a couple of buildings away from my office , i noticed the ` vette pulled to the curb by a police cruiser . 
 the ` vette was a magnet for speeding tickets . 
 there was an empty parking space in front of the cop car . 
 as i pulled into it , a smile covered my face . 
 i wanted to make sure that lola was n't going to walk into a trap set for me , so i got out and led the way . 
 we walked through the entrance , and brightly lit stairway . 
 everything looked normal . 
 i picked up the paper the newsboy had left , flicked out the key , and opened the office door with gun in hand ... expecting anything . 
 i looked through the whole office . 
 no traps . 
 lola ambled to her desk , and pulled out a sheet of paper . 
 much of the blood and guts remnants were cleaned up . 
 however , some stains remained . 
 the cleaning crew left a note that they would return with stronger agents and fluids . 
 `` here are the addresses and phone numbers you wanted mike . '' 
 i took the paper and saw that i had some traveling to do . 
 ragino lived in the bronx on the lower east side . 
 dennis lived in the north part of yonkers , and mrs. krasinski was staying at the metropolis hotel in manhattan . 
 it would probably take the rest of the day to check out one of them . 
 i picked up the phone , and dialed the metropolis hotel . 
 the operator at the desk told me that mrs. krasinski was not in at the moment , but that her room was 440 , and that she would leave a message that i had called . 
 i said , `` thank-you , '' and hung up . 
 the next call was to ragino , and i had better luck reaching him . 
 a pleasant female voice swept out of the receiver , `` hello . '' 
 `` this is mike murdock , private investigator . 
 is mr. ragino in ? '' 
 `` yes , just a moment . '' 
 i heard her call to him , and the sounds of footsteps were heard through the phone . 
 `` this is ragino . 
 can i help you mr. murdock ? '' 
 he had a surprisingly high-pitched voice . 
 `` i was at the fight the other night . 
 the sports writers have said some nasty things about you . 
 i 'm in the position where i can clear your name of any sort of foul play . 
 can i talk to you tomorrow about my services ? '' 
 `` i do n't need them . '' 
 `` i 'll be at your house tomorrow at four to discuss whether you do or not . 
 you 'll like what i have to say . 
 see you then . '' 
 i hung up before he could reply . 
 lola was behind her desk with the newspaper sprawled all over it , reading the funnies . 
 something in the paper caught my eye . 
 the headline read : k.o. krasinski 's trainer dies in subway accident yeah , archie bankoff was dead . 
 i grabbed the newspaper , and read the article . 
 the story went on to say that he fell in front of a subway express at 49th street . 
 fell , hell . 
 dragon must have not liked the way he was handling the situation . 
 bankoff was either on the verge of breaking down , or maybe he tried to play it slick , and demanded more money . 
 this is what made new york stink . 
 people are bumped off by racketeers . 
 guilty people ... innocent people ... the syndicates did n't care . 
 money came first . 
 maybe someday people will be able to walk the streets of this town without being afraid of walking into a bullet . 
 that someday was a long time away though . 
 i decided to drive uptown to dennis chiulli 's house , instead of calling . 
 even if i did n't get anything done i could still pay my respects to his wife and family . 
 i folded the paper with the addresses , shoved it in my pocket , and blurted , `` lola , i 'm going over to chiulli 's house . 
 if anything important arises , call me there . '' 
 she looked up briefly from the comics and nodded her head . 
 what a secretary ! 
 she 'd forget what i said in less than an hour . 
 i opened the door , and walked out . 
 the brightness of the sun blinded my eyes as my feet met the sidewalk . 
 i hopped into my gondola , cut the wheels , and headed out . 
 a butt found its way into my mouth , and i lit up . 
 the noise of the city beat at my ears . 
 hundreds of men and women surrounded me . 
 how many had a gun pointed at my head ? 
 dragon was sure to send more men . 
 i was n't too worried about them though . 
 there was n't a thug in this city that was man enough to knock me off . 
 the lotus lounge was on the way to dennis ' , so i pulled into a parking space , and hopped out . 
 i walked through the huge glass doors , and was gobbled up by the darkness inside . 
 the joint was empty except for a bum at the far end of the bar . 
 i flung my coat onto a hook , and strolled up to the barfly . 
 `` where 's dutch ? '' 
 `` he 's in the back room with a couple of guys . '' 
 i was n't going to wait for dutch to serve me , so i walked behind the bar , and served myself . 
 as i grabbed for the whiskey i noticed a strange looking bottle with an odd name on it . 
 i took the cap off , and sniffed . 
 it had a smell similar to mineral oil . 
 even i did n't have the stomach to drink this crap . 
 i put the cap back on , replaced it , and reached for the four roses . 
 dutch came out as i was setting up my drink . 
 a shadow revealed that there was somebody following him , and dutch pushed him back into the room when he saw me . 
 i heard him say , `` go out the back way . '' 
 i did n't think anything of it . 
 maybe it was a bookie or someone he did n't want to be seen with . 
 dutch walked toward me , said hello , and got behind the bar . 
 we talked about the weather , and shot down a couple more drinks . 
 i glanced at my watch , and noticed it was noon . 
 i said `` so long '' to dutch , picked up my coat , and strolled out . 
 i stepped to my hot rod , jumped in , and turned the steering wheel . 
 dennis ' house was about fifteen minutes away . 
 i slowed for a red light , and noticed a car shooting around from behind me . 
 something in my head told me to hug the floorboards . 
 just as the dark coupe raced up , i dove . 
 two shots rang out into the air . 
 a splintering noise sounded above me . 
 one of the bullets missed the car completely ; the other split the top part of my steering wheel . 
 a squeal of tires sounded as the death-dealing machine rounded the corner . 
 i eased off the floor , brushed myself off , and looked at the damage . 
 people who did n't know what had happened were lined up behind me in their cars honking for me to move . 
 i put my foot on the accelerator , and rolled out . 
 they must have thought a couple of firecrackers had gone off . 
 dragon was desperate to send his boys out to shoot me in broad daylight ... especially on broadway in front of scores of witnesses . 
 but then , he had a right to be desperate . 
 he knew he had better kill me before i got a hold of him . 
 one thing bothered me though . 
 how did he know where to find me ? 
 i knew i was n't tailed from the office . 
 i drove on not thinking about the incident . 
 k.o. krasinski popped into my mind . 
 how did he die ? 
 were the police holding back information ? 
 * * * ch 9 finding out the `` nuts and bolts '' of what went down . 
 i could see dennis ' house as i turned the corner to his street . 
 it was an upper middle class section , which was out of reach of the rotten smell of the city . 
 huge elm trees overlapped the grass-lined sidewalks . 
 i pulled the car to the side of the road , shut it off , and climbed out . 
 the house was a modest bricked split-level structure with a manicured lawn surrounding it . 
 i had known dennis a number of years , but had never managed to meet his family , or visit his home . 
 three small slate steps led to the front door . 
 a `` bing-bong '' sounded as i pressed the button . 
 the door opened slowly showing a middle aged , long dark haired , pleasantly plump woman . 
 i could tell that she had been a beauty in her younger years . 
 her eyes were encircled with brown rings that revealed little sleep . 
 the eyes themselves were red and swollen from shedding many tears . 
 my voice sounded funny as i stammered , `` mrs. chiulli ? '' 
 she looked at me quizzically and said , `` yes ? '' 
 `` i 'm mike murdock , a friend of your late husband . 
 may i come in and talk with you ? '' 
 her eyes opened wide , and she appeared pleased when she heard my name . 
 `` come right in mr. murdock . '' 
 i walked into the large living room , shutting the door behind me . 
 the interior took me by surprise . 
 it was by no means modest . 
 a grand piano and a twelve-foot mahogany stereo console gave class to the huge room . 
 the plush carpet felt like walking on a mattress , and the portrait painting of mrs. chiulli on the wall was stunning in its gold frame . 
 `` have a seat . 
 would you like a drink , mr. murdock ? '' 
 `` yeah , a whiskey . '' 
 then plopped myself on the long comfortable sofa . 
 she puttered to the liquor cabinet in the kitchen , clunked a few ice cubes around , and returned . 
 i took the drink , and sat back . 
 it looked like she was drinking the same , except that hers was on the rocks . 
 she sat down opposite me in one of those oversized vibrating recliners . 
 i was just about to speak but she beat me to it . 
 `` it 's rather amazing that you showed up just now . 
 i 've heard a lot about you mr. murdock . 
 my husband had mentioned your name many a time , and besides that , your name is in the newspapers quite often . 
 i was going to call , and ask if you would look into my husband 's murder . 
 it 's questionable whether the police are getting , or will get anywhere , and you have made a name for yourself that you find out things the police do n't . 
 dennis has left me well off . 
 he would have wanted me to hire you . 
 will you find out who murdered him ? '' 
 `` that 's the reason i came here mrs. chiulli . '' 
 the business was settled a half hour , and another drink later . 
 since it was dennis ' murder , i made it cheap . 
 the fee was eighty dollars a day , plus expenses . 
 that was n't even half the fee i would charge others . 
 i put down my glass , buttoned my jacket , and stood up . 
 mrs. chiulli led the way to the door . 
 as she was reaching for the knob , the door opened and in walked a girl about nineteen years of age , with a face like an angel framed by long , flowing , raven black hair . 
 she was introduced to me as linda , their only daughter . 
 she struck up a conversation with me as mrs. chiulli walked to the other room . 
 linda had the body of a full-grown woman , and i could tell she knew it by the way she moved it around . 
 i did n't know her except for her name , but she knew me . 
 she even knew that i packed a .45 . 
 most of it she read from the papers . 
 it appeared that i was her idol . 
 we finally got around to saying goodbye , and shook hands . 
 her mother was in the kitchen now . 
 linda 's hand squeezed mine , or rather caressed it , as she pulled herself against me . 
 her eyes looked into mine seductively , and she half whispered , `` please stop by again mr. murdock , or shall i call you mike ? '' 
 i really did n't know how to answer her . 
 she was certainly appealing , and had `` sex '' written all over her face . 
 i could n't believe her behavior though . 
 her father was just murdered , and she 's acting oblivious to it . 
 if dennis could see this , he would roll over in his grave . 
 `` call me mr. murdock , sweetie . '' 
 her face and eyes went cold . 
 she snapped her hand away from mine , turned her back to me , and left in a huff . 
 it looked like i lost one of my fans . 
 i finally left the chiulli house , my watch reading two fifteen . 
 the next stop was the bronx police department . 
 i hopped into the car , turned the ignition , and pulled out . 
 the sun seemed to wink at me through the rustling leaves of the towering elms that lined the street . 
 someday i will probably move to a section like this . 
 it was n't far from the city , but it was far enough to enable one to breath fresh air . 
 kids were playing catch in the street , women pushed baby carriages , and young lovers strolled up and down the sidewalks . 
 it was a big change from where i used to live . 
 i was raised in the getty square area of yonkers . 
 instead of kids playing catch , they were stealing cars . 
 instead of women pushing baby carriages , they were pushing heroin . 
 and whores took the places of young lovers . 
 a kid learns fast about life living in a dump like that . 
 if i was raised in a section like this , i might have turned out to be a brain surgeon . 
 i could be one now if i wanted to . 
 i qualify ! 
 i 've seen more brains than some of those skull doctors . 
 there are only two ways that we are different . 
 one is that he uses a scalpel while i use a heavy .45 automatic . 
 the other is that i splatter them ; he mends ` em . 
 i found myself on main street turning onto broadway . 
 the station was still a good ten minutes away . 
 i pulled a pack of camels out of my pocket , and searched for a smoke with my fingers . 
 empty ! 
 the pack crumbled under my palm , and flew to the floor . 
 i reached to the glove compartment , pushed the button , and pulled out a fresh pack . 
 i tore at the butts , and punched out a smoke as i stopped for a red light . 
 i thought of dennis ' daughter again . 
 how could he have raised such a sexpot like that ? 
 she did n't seem to care about her father 's death . 
 the world is full of all kinds of people . 
 the police station was right up the street now . 
 of all the money the bronx has in its treasury , it seems odd that they never built a parking lot in the vicinity of the station house for the public . 
 i had to park another block down on a side street . 
 the delicious smell of italian food from a spaghetti house on the corner swept through the whole area . 
 i swiveled out of the car , and got a hunger pang before making it to the police station . 
 dozens of men in blue uniforms were bustling in and out of the station as i walked in . 
 these cops looked busier than bees in a hive . 
 i climbed the stairs to the large open lobby doors , and entered . 
 about eight kids were lined up against a pea green colored wall ignoring a cop who was lecturing them . 
 five or six men and women , probably the kid 's mothers and fathers were yelling at my buddy , jim falotico , who happened to be the police sergeant behind the desk . 
 i caught the drift of the screaming . 
 the kids stated they were playing basketball on a vacant lot when a scuffle broke out . 
 scuffle my ass ! 
 that was a polite way to put it . 
 they were in a gang fight . 
 the punks had no ball , and there was no backboard on the lot . 
 they would say anything just to irritate the cops . 
 whatever they were doing , one of them got stabbed in the chest , and another received a memento slashed across his face . 
 i pushed a couple of parents out of the way , and made it to the front desk . 
 the sergeant was glad when he saw me , for i was his excuse to get away from the melee . 
 he pulled me to the side and groaned , `` mike , glad to see ya . 
 you practically saved my skin . '' 
 `` what 's the matter jim ? 
 ca n't you handle the heat of the kitchen ? '' 
 `` you try to sit up there for a day . '' 
 everybody and their brothers bring their beefs to me . 
 by the way , why are you here ? 
 you kill somebody else ? '' 
 `` no , i just came to see matt . 
 is he here ? '' 
 `` yeah , go right in . '' 
 i walked down a narrow corridor , and opened the door reading `` homicide . '' 
 matt had an office to the right , with his door ajar . 
 hot shot was behind his desk reading this month 's issue of true detective . 
 yep , he was a real cop . 
 he looked up from his magazine with a smile on his mug , but when he saw me his smile disappeared , and his usual stone face took its place . 
 he screamed out , `` who did you kill now murdock ? '' 
 why does everybody ask me the same question ? 
 i spat out , `` nobody , but the next one could be you , big mouth . '' 
 he was relieved that i did n't cause him any more work , and a smile came back to his face . 
 `` you come here for a social visit ... or to verbally abuse me ? '' 
 `` neither . 
 i want to know how `` ko '' krasinski died . 
 i know , that you know , so you might as well shoot it to me now , because i 'll find out sooner or later . '' 
 his voice was firm and strong . 
 `` it looks like you 're gon na find it out later . 
 that 's privileged information mike . 
 i 'd get my job handed to me if anyone found out i told you . '' 
 this burned me up ! 
 `` you 'll lose your job ? '' 
 i laughed at him in mock . 
 `` you would n't be el capitano if it was n't for me . 
 remember when i had figured out the mindy sellers murder ? 
 you got the credit . 
 then there 's the phony suicide i solved for you . 
 do n't forget those two gangland murders , and all the other information i have fed you over the years . 
 what do i want in return ? 
 one lousy question answered . '' 
 `` look mike , i ca n't tell you this . 
 the detectives downtown are tight lipped regarding the evidence for reasons i do n't know . 
 if it slips out , it will gunk up their operations ! 
 i was surprised i was even told . '' 
 `` you think i 'm gon na run to the papers , and spread it all over new york ? '' 
 i bent over his desk , and pounded my clenched fist on it . 
 `` you really surprise me matt . 
 i think about you being my partner , but you ca n't even trust me to keep my mouth shut . 
 you sure know nothing about gratitude . 
 you 're stabbing a good friend in the back . '' 
 my last sentence must have got to him because his jaw tightened . 
 matt sprang out of his chair , walked around the desk to where i was , and grabbed my shirt with his right meat hook . 
 his face was strained and red as he put his nose up to mine and muttered , `` i 'm gon na tell ya , but if there 's a leak , you 're the one i 'm gon na blame . 
 got it ! '' 
 `` yeah , spill . '' 
 he let go of my shirt , pointed at a seat for me to take , and walked back behind his desk . 
 `` krasinski was killed by suffocation . '' 
 i shifted in my seat and snickered , `` look matt , i ai n't got time to play games . 
 give me the dope . '' 
 `` shut your damn choppers , and i 'll tell you . 
 krasinski was one of those `` old school '' boxers who do a full nude body `` grease down '' before the fight . 
 it 's designed to promote flexibility , endurance , agility , and improve performance . 
 they 're given a rubdown with mineral oil , vinegar , salt , turpentine , or some other sort of liniment to elevate their muscles to their peak . 
 about an hour before the bout , bankoff , ko 's trainer , gave him his normal prefight grease down . 
 only he did n't use the usual concoction . 
 it was a technical grade heavy mineral oil substance called `` voltesso n36b . '' 
 voltesso forms an oily film over the skin locking in the carbon dioxide and other wastes , while inhibiting normal respiration by keeping oxygen out . 
 if the entire body is covered with this stuff , the skin ca n't breathe . 
 the result is death by what is called `` epidermal asphyxiation . '' 
 when the fight began , krasinski started to sweat . 
 with every step he took , and every punch he threw , he needed more and more oxygen . 
 none could get in , no carbon dioxide could get out , and finally his body could n't take it any longer . 
 he died . 
 my head rolled back thinking what a clever murder this was . 
 i lit up a butt as another question popped into my mind . 
 i said , `` if this voltesso is a type of mineral oil , how did the medical examiner discover it ? '' 
 `` as far as i understand it , voltesso n36b has a bleaching agent component which causes a chemical reaction to take place when it is exposed to ink . 
 all ink , no matter what color it is , bleaches out . 
 unfortunately , for the killer , krasinski had a tattoo on his arm . 
 when the examiner saw a bleached out effect of ko 's tattoo he checked his books , and the rest speaks for itself . '' 
 i let out a soft whistle , and stuffed out my butt . 
 there is always something could nail you . 
 so now , i knew how he was killed . 
 there still was n't anything to put the finger on dragon , or the `` brains '' behind him though . 
 i looked at matt and asked , `` do you have anything on the bankoff or chiulli murders ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we think bankoff committed suicide when his conscience caught up with him . '' 
 i surmised that bankoff was pushed from the subway platform . 
 he was n't the type of guy to commit suicide . 
 matt stared at me and said , `` if you 've got any info , do n't hold any back from me . 
 i 'd like to make chief of police someday , and you 're gon na help me make it . '' 
 i lifted myself out of the chair , walked to the door , and said , `` not when i spread to the papers what you just told me . '' 
 my face turned into a giant grin , and i split from the office before he shot me . 
 the verbal sparring was still going on in the hallway at the sergeant 's desk . 
 his face was in his hands trying to shut out the pandemonium going on before him . 
 it was time for me to win another academy award so i strutted up to the desk and roared , `` shaddup . '' 
 i continued , `` you people get over there , and sit down , or i 'll throw the pack of you into the cooler for the rest of the day . '' 
 one of the punks yelled out , `` on what charges , pig ? '' 
 i looked at him , then at the other peas in the pod , and bellowed , `` you see this floor ? 
 it was just waxed , and you dirt bags are trampling all over it . 
 that 's destruction of civil property . 
 then there 's inciting a riot , disturbing the peace , and a half dozen other petty raps we could slap you with . 
 now sit down asshole ! '' 
 my voice echoed throughout the chamber with authority . 
 the herd fell into a hush . 
 the only noise to be heard was the shuffling of their hooves to get to the long , worn , wooden bench against the wall . 
 jim 's eyes were wide with amazement . 
 i waved `` so long '' and walked out the door . 
 the aroma of the spaghetti house wafted to my nose as soon as i hit the street . 
 i walked down the block , turned the corner , and hopped into my heap . 
 the engine turned over and i headed for the office . 
 * * * ch 10 the `` beautiful snake in the grass . '' 
 it was about five o’clock when i reached 238th street . 
 i pulled the car to the curb , got out , and climbed the stairs to my office . 
 the doorknob made a clicking sound as i turned it . 
 there was lola behind her desk ... filing . 
 not papers ... her nails ! 
 you would think that the amount of time she spent on her nails , that she was a safe cracker . 
 she squealed out a , `` hi mike , what 's happening ? '' 
 her smile was from ear to ear . 
 i droned out , `` i 've been down to the employment agency to get a new secretary . '' 
 lola 's smile vanished , and her lips became pursed . 
 her two big beautiful eyes were staring at me in sorrow . 
 she did n't know whether i was kidding or not . 
 i thought i had better say something before she started bawling . 
 `` take it easy baby , i 'm only pulling your leg . 
 nobody could ever take your place . '' 
 i have never seen the moods of any broad change as fast as lola 's . 
 `` get your bag honey , and let 's go home . '' 
 as she reached across the desk for her bag , the valley between her breasts stared me in the face . 
 her low-cut dress was really low-cut . 
 she could have walked around the damn desk for her pocketbook , but she wanted to tease me . 
 i 'll have to admit that she did a good job of it . 
 her knee length leopard coat was hanging on the stand , so i plucked it off , and held it out for her to squeeze into . 
 she squeezed into it alright . 
 right up against me . 
 what a sex crazy dame . 
 i gave her a kiss on the neck , and caressed her buttock . 
 that leopard coat really showed off her round , firm features . 
 i grabbed for the door , opened it , and followed her out the building . 
 a cold wind was settling in , lifting the smog of the city . 
 we reached the car , turned the ignition , and spun out . 
 lola really knew how to mold herself into a bucket seat . 
 she 'd probably rather sleep in a bed shaped like one . 
 there was a sense of peace in the city , and surprisingly few cars moving on the street considering the time of day . 
 it was noiseless . 
 the radio was off , the windows were closed , and lola had her trap shut . 
 it was calm and beautifully quiet . 
 then it happened . 
 it was too good to be true . 
 she squeaked , `` gee , it 's hot in here . '' 
 her right hand rolled down the window and let the noise of the city intrude on my serenity . 
 then with her left hand , she turned on the radio . 
 that was n't enough . 
 she started blabbing . 
 i shut off the radio , cranked my head toward her , and said , `` lola , please , let me have some peace and quiet . 
 close the damn window . '' 
 she closed it in two seconds flat . 
 in a lowered voice , lola asked , `` mike honey , i do n't feel like cooking tonight . 
 would you please take me out ? '' 
 i said , `` ok , but let 's take a shower first . '' 
 `` sounds good to me . '' 
 my apartment building was facing us now , so i pulled over to the side , and turned off the engine . 
 lola dragged herself out , and met me on the other side of the car . 
 we dashed across the street , into the building , and through the jaws of the elevator . 
 a few seconds later , we ambled off the lift . 
 she beat me to the apartment , pulling out her key to unlock the door . 
 i shuffled to the refrigerator , and pulled out a couple of cold buds while she turned on the radio . 
 sitting down on the couch , i asked lola to take her shower first . 
 she skipped off to the bedroom , and got undressed . 
 the music on the radio stopped , interrupted by the news . 
 the voice in the box announced ko krasinski would be buried tomorrow . 
 that meant that i had to talk to mrs. krasinski tonight because she probably would n't be in any shape to talk business tomorrow . 
 i guzzled down the last of the beer , and joined lola in the bedroom . 
 she had just stepped into the shower . 
 i shed my clothes making a pile on the floor . 
 the edge of the bed creaked as i sat on it to wait until lola was done . 
 she hopped out a couple of minutes later with a bright purple towel wrapped around her lovely body . 
 i let out with a soft wolf whistle , and strolled into the shower . 
 the water stung as it hit my body , but it felt good to be clean . 
 i wished i could wash the dirt of the city away as i washed the dirt from my body . 
 yeah , the dirt ... the scammers ... the hustlers ... the scumbags . 
 they sucked money out of honest people like leeches suck blood . 
 they kill for the joy of it , but now they were messing with the wrong man . 
 i have dealt with them before , and they were the ones who ended up hurt . 
 when i find out who the big man behind this boxing scam is , he 'll wish he was never born . 
 the same went for dragon . 
 when the right time comes , he 'll find out what pain is . 
 he 'll beg for mercy , but i wo n't give him any . 
 some hoods would rather face the devil than maddog murdock . 
 i turned off the water , and strolled into the bedroom . 
 lola was still wondering what dress to wear even after i had finished dressing . 
 i walked to the kitchen , pulled a couple more brews out of the fridge , and opened them up . 
 the first bottle was empty by the time lola walked out of the bedroom , wearing a tight navy blue dress with a hip hugging belt around her waist . 
 she knew how to dress . 
 i finished off the other beer , and we walked out the door . 
 two men in the lobby could n't take their eyes off of lola . 
 who could blame them ? 
 she was delicious looking . 
 the doorman opened the thick glass door for us , and we exited . 
 i was in the mood for some off-the-wall type of food tonight , so we hopped into the car , and headed for 225th street . 
 there was a place on the corner that had the best kielbasa in the bronx . 
 the name of the joint was `` stashu 's . '' 
 it was n't a high-class place , but it was n't a cockroach barn either . 
 we took a table by the window , and opened the menus . 
 the waiter came over asking for our order . 
 i ordered for both of us . 
 lola did n't know the difference between a hotdog , and a knockwurst . 
 i said , `` let me have two orders of boiled kielbasa , a side dish of borscht , and two kishki . 
 also bring a weak sloe gin fizz , and a draft beer . '' 
 he nodded his head politely , and took off . 
 a few minutes later the drinks came . 
 by the time we finished them the meal was being served . 
 i ordered a couple more drinks , and we dove into the meal . 
 the food was great , and we ate like it was going out of style . 
 i left a twenty on the table , and walked out the door with our bellies full . 
 we hopped back into the car , and made tracks for the lotus lounge . 
 a police car was in front of me so i took it easy on my way uptown . 
 i pulled into the parking lot for the customers , and got out . 
 lola clung to my arm as we walked through the doors of the lounge . 
 the place was quiet . 
 i did n't know how they made money . 
 there were seldom more than ten people in it at any one time . 
 i noticed a group of kids in one of the booths , and a couple of the local hookers sitting at the far end of the bar . 
 i said , `` hi '' to dutch and threw some money on the bar . 
 he set up our drinks , took a couple of bills , and dropped some change back . 
 i thought it was a good time to call mrs. krasinski , and shuffled to the phone booth in the other room . 
 i found a dime in my pocket , and poked it into the little eye of the phone . 
 someone answered after a couple of rings . 
 i asked for mrs. krasinski , and waited a few seconds . 
 a woman 's voice answered , `` yes ? '' 
 she listened very intently while i told her that i was willing to be retained to find out the truth about her son 's death . 
 i did n't want to soak her too much so i gave her a nominal charge of $ 1,000 lump sum . 
 she agreed , and i said i would have a report for her as soon as i secured further information . 
 with that , we said our goodbyes and hung up . 
 i wish all my clients were as easy as that . 
 it was worth a thousand clams to find out who killed one 's son . 
 i would n't have charged her anything , but i had those bills on my desk . 
 i squeezed out of the phone booth , and headed back to my barstool . 
 two guys were sitting next to lola , one on each side of her , and she appeared to be bothered by them . 
 they must have come in while i was on the phone , and thought she was alone . 
 one of them grabbed her hand , and when she yanked it away , they started making some obscene remarks . 
 this i did n't go for . 
 i walked up behind one guy , grabbed him by his collar , and yanked him off the bar stool ... onto the floor . 
 the other slid off his seat , and came at me with his fists clenched . 
 i brought up my leg into his lower abdomen . 
 the punk doubled over in pain . 
 for an extra thrill , i landed a haymaker uppercut . 
 my ring tore into his chin . 
 a piece of his skin was left on my diamond as he dropped to the floor . 
 he 'd need a few stitches to sew up that gash . 
 the other meatball picked up a shot glass off the floor , and threw it at me . 
 lola screamed , and i ducked just in time . 
 i was blocking the only exit for him , so he backed toward the corner . 
 he could see in my eyes that i was gon na do a job on him . 
 i grabbed his neck with one hand . 
 with the other , i shot three quick jabs into his now bloodied face . 
 he cried out in pain , but i did n't hear a thing . 
 i took a step back giving him another jolt in the kisser for good measure . 
 whamo ! 
 two teeth fell from the bloody hole in his face . 
 he would n't be eating any corn on the cob tonight . 
 i turned to the other guy . 
 he was still on the floor trying to shake off the cobwebs in his head . 
 he was n't having too much luck . 
 i picked them both up , and dragged them to the door . 
 with a push , both of them went flying onto the sidewalk outside the joint . 
 they looked like drunks who had just got through partying . 
 i walked back into the place , returned to my stool , and looked at lola . 
 her eyes were bright and proud . 
 i think that sometimes she starts things just to see me fight . 
 lola had a thing for tough guys , and i fit the bill . 
 i finished off my drink , and ordered another . 
 dutch came over , and we started talking about last week 's giants game . 
 lola was really soaking down those sloe gins . 
 about a half hour passed by , and she could hardly sit on the stool . 
 she leaned over , and whispered into my ear to call her a cab . 
 lola said it was time for her to go home , and hit the sack . 
 she pointed out that there was no need for me to escort her home , and that i should stay here with my friends . 
 in fact , she insisted . 
 i phoned for a cab . 
 the taxi arrived about five minutes later . 
 lola clamped onto me all the way to the door of the hack . 
 i pulled a five out of my wallet , and told the cabby to make sure that she got to the apartment alright . 
 he nodded , and they took off . 
 i walked back into the lounge , knocking off the rest of my brew . 
 a cold wind blew past me as the door opened to let in one of the most beautiful dames i had ever seen . 
 she took a seat a couple of stools down from me . 
 her hair was a soft chestnut brown that shined like satin . 
 the dress she wore looked like it had been painted on , and the diamonds around her neck glistened against her creamy skin . 
 what an eyeful ! 
 she looked the picture of innocence . 
 yet , she had the glint of the devil in her eyes . 
 i turned back to my drink , and then heard a woman 's voice , `` do you have a light ? '' 
 i answered her with a , `` yeah , '' and flicked out my lighter . 
 the flame lit up her face revealing flawless and stunning features . 
 i started up a conversation like any normal male would . 
 `` do you come here often ? '' 
 `` i have been here a couple of times . '' 
 how about you ? '' 
 with that , she moved to the barstool next to mine . 
 our chatter continued , and we got pretty chummy . 
 we danced a couple of times , and she held me as if she wanted to become part of me . 
 finally , she asked me to drive her home . 
 i 'm a good sport , but she was n't fooling me . 
 no gorgeous broad was going to come in a joint like this , by herself , unless she was here to sell her body , or for some other sinister reason . 
 in addition , she especially would n't pick out a face like mine to start a conversation with . 
 i had a feeling she was one of dragon 's girls . 
 it smelled foul , but i was gon na play along whether she was , or was n't . 
 we slid off the stools , and walked out the door . 
 she held my arm as we strolled to the car , and when we entered , she molded into the bucket seat even smoother than lola . 
 i said , `` where to ? '' 
 her lips parted and said , `` south ponfield road in bronxville . '' 
 i turned the wheel , and hit the gas . 
 the ride lasted about fifteen minutes . 
 not many words were spoken , but she had love glowing in her eyes . 
 maybe she was n't one of the dragon 's girls after all ... nah ! 
 just before i stopped at her apartment , i noticed , through my rearview mirror , a car pulling over about a hundred feet behind me . 
 i was walking into a trap ... but what a tempting trap . 
 she looked at me seductively , and asked if i would come up for a drink . 
 i viewed her body . 
 the babe fluttered her eyes , and puckered her lips . 
 i knew that i was coming up even if it was a trap . 
 we got out of the car , and walked into the large , white marbled lobby . 
 i followed her to the elevator watching her little ass move . 
 she pressed the third floor button , and we whizzed up . 
 i took the key from her hand , and opened the door . 
 let me tell ya , she lived in a very swank layout . 
 i took off my jacket while she mixed the drinks . 
 when she turned around , she acted surprised when she saw my rig in the shoulder holster . 
 she eased toward the couch , and beckoned me to it though she knew i did n't need any urging . 
 i heard a faint rustle from the other room , but acted as if i did n't . 
 i turned the light out , and we commenced with the kissing . 
 my arm reached around behind her , and i pulled the little zipper down . 
 she pushed me off of her , stood up , and took off her dress . 
 my eyes must have been bugging out of their sockets . 
 she laid back down on the couch , and asked me to come to her again , but this time i said , `` wait a minute i have some nasty business to do first . '' 
 i eased over to the door of the room from where the noise had come . 
 my .45 made its way into my hand , and i rammed the door open with my shoulder as if i was a linebacker . 
 he must have been ready to pounce on me , because when i flung the door open , it sent him flying . 
 that was too bad for him . 
 the old saying goes , `` he who hesitates is lost . '' 
 i did n't know who he was , but he had a .38 with a silencer attached , in his fist . 
 i kicked it out of his hand , and put my .45 between his eyes . 
 instead of killing the thug , i rocked the semi-automatic into the bridge of his nose . 
 it sounded like a piece of iron hitting a tire . 
 he was out cold . 
 but now i had another problem . 
 i felt a piece of cold steel in my back , and it was n't a pipe . 
 i turned around to see the babe with a gun aimed at my gut . 
 it looked so cute . 
 there she was half-nude , with a little .25 in her hand . 
 i slapped the rod out of her mitt before she knew i had even moved . 
 i threw her on the bed . 
 on her own initiative , she removed the rest of her undergarments . 
 she was better looking with her clothes off . 
 this was gon na be a pleasure , and she laid there , with her legs apart , waiting for me . 
 before i jumped in bed with her , i walked over to the clown on the floor , and gave him another knot in the head with my .45 , so he would n't wake up in the middle of something . 
 i took off my rig , and locked the door . 
 she just laid on the bed watching me . 
 i could see in her face that she was excited , and ready for action . 
 * * * ch 11 broken arms and broken heads . 
 after our little tryst , i climbed out of bed , and got dressed . 
 she had a look of satisfaction on her face . 
 the babe came out with , `` i 'm glad you turned the tables on that cockroach on the floor . 
 i 'm no killer . 
 i 'm a prostitute . 
 just a prostitute . 
 i like you mike . 
 that son of a bitch made me do this . 
 he killed my girlfriend when she did n't do what he wanted . 
 he threatened to do the same to me . 
 i would be dead now if i did n't go through with it . '' 
 fear and hate wove in and out of her voice , as she rattled on . 
 i understood her situation . 
 she was frightened for her life . 
 many times , i 've seen vermin like him force others to do their bidding . 
 i decided to go easy on her , and tough on him . 
 the guy on the floor was still out like a light , even after i finished putting on my clothes , and strapping my rig back on . 
 i picked up the mug 's gun . 
 it was heavy at the muzzle due to the silencer . 
 instead of killing him , i felt that it would be justice if he lived out the rest of his life in pain . 
 i aimed the silencer at his right knee , and pulled the trigger . 
 a muffled `` pop '' sounded . 
 his knee jumped up , and a circle of blood began to expand on his pants . 
 a grimace covered his face , but he did n't fully `` come to . '' 
 i had always wondered if a guy , who was knocked unconscious , would wake up if shot . 
 so far , the answer was `` no . '' 
 another test was needed to be sure . 
 the muzzle kissed the pants covering his left kneecap as i squeezed the trigger . 
 another muffled `` pop . '' 
 this time , the mug let out a groan . 
 the sound of the kneecap cracking was as loud as the groan . 
 his eyes opened briefly , but then shut tight . 
 one thing for sure , he would n't be running any more hundred-yard dashes . 
 i was n't finished with him . 
 this mug had intentions of putting me in a body bag . 
 he was going to pay for that . 
 standing over him , i pumped out two more slugs , one into each elbow . 
 his arms flailed up , and came to rest in a distorted position . 
 blood gushed out of the left arm with exceptional force . 
 oops , i must have hit an artery . 
 anyway , getting back to my experiment , he still had n't regained consciousness . 
 it became clear to me that if you knock a guy out , then shoot him , he 's not likely to wake up . 
 the babe sat on the bed , watching my scientific experiment . 
 she had a look of fear on her face . 
 or was it worry ? 
 was she terrified what he would do to her , when and if , he came to ? 
 or was she tense over me dealing with her next ? 
 i faced her saying , `` relax , i 'm giving you a pass . 
 if he survives , he may not '' the thug on the floor now laid in four separate pools of blood . 
 he was still , but was breathing . 
 removing a pillowcase , i cleaned my prints off the gun . 
 i looked at the babe , placed the .38 at the edge of the bad , and muttered , `` do what you feel you have to do . 
 i 'm leaving . '' 
 i took the service stairs down to the main floor , went out the rear entrance , and snuck through the alley to the street . 
 from the darkness , i could see the two guys who had trailed me , standing by the house phone in the lobby , apparently waiting to be called up to dispose of my body . 
 their car was doubled parked , and not far from mine . 
 i eased over to it , and almost noiselessly let all the air out two of the tires by jabbing my pocket knife into the sidewalls . 
 then i hopped into my heap , and pulled up in front of the apartment building . 
 my horn honked two loud beeps . 
 they turned to see me laugh at them . 
 two clowns ! 
 they came charging out of the lobby after me . 
 before they could get to the door , i was roaring halfway down the street . 
 i could just imagine them trying to tail me in their car . 
 amateurs ! 
 when are they gon na learn that i 'm nobody to mess with . 
 it was almost three in the morning , and i had to get some sleep . 
 all this violence made me tired . 
 i lit up a butt , and headed for home . 
 about fifteen minutes later , i parked the car across the street of my apartment . 
 the doorman had split hours ago . 
 i took the elevator up to my floor , and opened the apartment door . 
 lola was laid out on the couch fast asleep . 
 she 'll have a heavy hangover tomorrow , but her job is n't exactly brain surgery . 
 i let her continue sleeping on the couch . 
 it would feel nice to have the bed to myself , and wake up in the morning without her body on top of mine . 
 occasionally anyway . 
 my hands wrestled to tear off my clothes . 
 i jumped into bed , and pulled the covers over myself . 
 soon a black cloud slowly settled over my eyes . 
 sunlight from the window sliced its way through my eyelids . 
 i blinked , struggled for consciousness , and sat up . 
 the clock on the dresser read eight-fifteen . 
 i would n't be able to get back to sleep , so i got up and dressed . 
 lola was still laid out like a sack of potatoes . 
 if i did n't see her move , every so often i would have taken her for dead . 
 i left her as she was , and walked out of the building . 
 i jumped into the car , and rolled out towards yonkers . 
 my stomach told me it was chow time , so i cut off onto a side street , and headed for jo-jo 's hash house , situated down by the waterfront . 
 i could smell the stench of dead fish as i neared the hudson . 
 it was a different city here . 
 strong , burly men surrounded the area . 
 ties and jackets were unseen , and tall office buildings were out of sight . 
 warehouses and piers took the place of the skyscrapers , and trucks , crates , and bales cluttered the area . 
 i pulled over into a parking space near jo-jo 's . 
 the place was opened twenty-four hours a day , and was never less than half-full . 
 i weaseled out of the car , and walked inside the joint . 
 the hash house reeked with the aroma of fried fish and shrimp . 
 if i did n't know what time it was i would n't have ordered breakfast . 
 in this place , breakfast was served at night , and supper was served at dawn . 
 it was a dizzy world here . 
 i took a seat at the counter next to a mug that looked like he was cloned from a gorilla . 
 he was chomping away on a slimy liverwurst sandwich . 
 i guess i would have grunted too , if i had liverwurst for breakfast . 
 one of the waitresses came bouncing over , and asked in a high voice , `` what 'll you have handsome ? '' 
 she must have been looking for a tip . 
 `` kill a couple of eggs , and fry up some bacon . 
 well done . 
 bring a cup of joe along with that as well . '' 
 she strolled off , yelled the order to the cooks in the back , and drew my coffee . 
 this dame was a prize . 
 her short , curly , bleach-blond hair looked like wire , and she tried to make herself look younger by putting on more makeup than she needed . 
 i grabbed a newspaper from the counter , turned to the sport section , and read as i slowly slugged down the coffee . 
 the n.y. giants had lost another game . 
 what a bunch of bums . 
 my meal came , and i dug in . 
 i shoveled it away in less than two minutes , then ordered another of the same . 
 when it arrived , i threw the paper aside , and tore into order number two . 
 another cup of joe washed down the remains as i reached for my wallet , and pulled out a ten . 
 `` makeup face '' came over , and asked me if i wanted anything else . 
 i stood up , gave her the ten , and said , `` no , but keep the change , and buy yourself some soap to take that garbage off your puss . '' 
 her face showed that she was insulted , so i added , `` you 're a good looking tomato . 
 you do n't need any help . '' 
 she was flattered then . 
 i turned , walked out , and got back into my ride . 
 i started it up , and headed for lockwood avenue . 
 a butt pushed its way into my mouth . 
 my watch read ten o’clock on the nose . 
 as i drove , the city i knew emerged once again . 
 hundreds of people were on the streets . 
 how many of them were racketeers ? 
 how many innocent people would die before nightfall ? 
 mobsters , i hated them . 
 i hated them because they were vultures preying on unsuspecting bystanders . 
 some people call me a killer ... a ruthless killer ... and i guess i am . 
 i kill . 
 but only the guilty . 
 i kill killers . 
 they knew it too . 
 that 's why they shudder when they hear the name `` maddog . '' 
 i found myself steering my way to the top of lockwood avenue . 
 the tailor shop was to my right , so i wedged the car between two others , flipped open the door , and walked into the place . 
 the tailor was behind the counter sewing the button onto a suit . 
 `` ah , mr. murdock , my best customer ! 
 i have your three jackets ready . '' 
 he shuffled into the back , and returned with my assortment of colorful blazers . 
 it would feel good to wear my style of clothes again . 
 i took my jacket off , gave it to him , and said , `` keep it . 
 you 'll look better in it than i do . '' 
 he took the ugly piece of material , and handed me my bill . 
 it came out to two hundred clams . 
 i dug into my wallet again , and pulled out two `` c '' notes . 
 he ought to be a retired with the business i 've given him . 
 i shot the tailor a `` thanks , '' grabbed the blazers , and got back in my heap . 
 my time was free until four o’clock when i was planning to see ragino , so i turned the wheels toward joe 's pool hall . 
 i thought i might find somebody with some lose money in their pockets . 
 i pulled in front of the place ten minutes later . 
 the sound of balls hitting balls knifed its way through the windows above me . 
 i got out of the car , locked up , and stepped inside the joint . 
 the usual musty odor attacked my nostrils . 
 joe was behind his desk again with an uneasy look on his puss . 
 he appeared somewhat anxious to see me . 
 `` hi mike . 
 how ya been ? 
 see that guy on table four ? 
 he asked me about when you come in here . '' 
 i looked toward table four . 
 behind it was a man the size of king kong . 
 not many people are bigger than me , but this giant had at least six inches and a hundred pounds on me . 
 that 's not a hundred pounds of fat either . 
 he reminded me of a professional wrestler . 
 a large scar crossed the middle of his forehead . 
 i turned to joe asking , `` who is he ? '' 
 `` who is he ? 
 fast eddie recognized him when he came in . 
 dat 's jaguar john from san fran , buddy . 
 he 's a hired gun ... a contract man . 
 you ever hear of that madman . 
 i do n't know what he 's doing here . '' 
 i turned to joe , and spat out , `` he came to yonkers to kill me . '' 
 joe sat back in his chair . 
 he was n't sure if i was kidding or not , until he saw the seriousness on my face . 
 i picked up a stick from the rack , and walked to table four . 
 jaguar looked up and saw me . 
 his stare was cold and deadly , and he was playing it cool . 
 i heard about him , and i 'm sure that he 's heard a lot about me as well . 
 he has killed almost as many people as me , and just as viciously . 
 i chalked up my cue and said , `` i 'm the guy you 're supposed to kill . '' 
 he followed through with his shot then answered , `` i know . '' 
 `` yeah , but i have news for you . 
 you 're not gon na do it . '' 
 he looked up from the table , and very cockily grunted , `` look murdock , jaguar john never misses . '' 
 i did n't like the sound of his voice . 
 `` maybe so , '' i shot back , `` but you had better get off the first shot , or you wo n't be getting off any . '' 
 `` murdock , you 're all mouth . 
 you 're as good as dead . '' 
 i do n't like anybody threatening me . 
 it gets me mad . 
 i do n't know what he expected me to do , but he was n't ready for what i did . 
 the small end of the cue was in my mitts . 
 i swung the heavy end around my shoulder , and with the style of mickey mantle , crashed it across the bridge of his nose . 
 the bone made a loud snap as it split into little pieces . 
 the big hulk fell over backwards . 
 he rubbed where his nose used to be , and felt the sharp splinters of the bone . 
 blood was spilling over his face but i wanted him to see the rest that was coming . 
 the big man from san fran did n't look so big anymore , and i gave him a few second to get his bearings back . 
 the front of his face was a bloody red gash . 
 his mind cleared , and by instinct , his hand reached for his rod , but i was faster . 
 i snapped out mine first , and pulled the trigger filling the room with one , two , three thunderous blasts , sending the smell of gunpowder throughout the pool hall . 
 jaguar 's forearm was lying on the floor , detached from his body , due to the surgical accuracy of my marksmanship . 
 he stared at it , and then looked at his mangled elbow in disbelief . 
 it was a mass of bone and flesh with dark red liquid spurting from it onto the floor . 
 stench took the place of gunpowder ... burnt flesh that smelled like rotting eggs . 
 i like to mangle and deform killers . 
 shooting his arm off was no mistake . 
 i was thinking of doing the same thing to the other one . 
 the killer did n't moan or groan , nor scream , or cry out in pain . 
 he was in a state of shock , and smiled . 
 his smile turned into a laugh . 
 then suddenly it stopped , and he looked up from his lifeless limb . 
 jaguar directed his eyes toward me . 
 his stare knifed its way through the gun smoke showing bitter hate and revenge . 
 he knew he had seen the end of the road . 
 i gritted my teeth into a smile and said , `` now you know why they call me maddog . 
 how the hell did you get the name jaguar ? 
 it should have been kitten . '' 
 a thought came to mind , and i laughed . 
 i laughed like a maniac for here before me was the top hit man in the country . 
 the most dreaded murderer in the u.s. , and here he was , in front of me , with his nose splattered across his face , and his arm severed beside him . 
 some terror ! 
 i leveled my gun at his face letting the barrel swagger an inch from his forehead . 
 he was at my mercy , and my mind raced for a decision to kill him or not . 
 i thought of all the collateral innocent people he must have killed , all the widows and orphans he had left behind . 
 i also remembered that he came to kill me . 
 i reached my decision , and it looked like i was going to have to make an example of this guy . 
 i wanted him to know what he was going to look like when he was dead . 
 his eyes watched every move i made as i took out my pocket knife , cut off the tip of a bullet , and placed it into the chamber of the gun . 
 a homemade dum-dum . 
 he knew what i had done , and what the bullet would do to his body . 
 his head was turning from side to side with his mouth open . 
 the pain in his nose and arm was forgotten . 
 the barrel of my rod once again took its position an inch away from his forehead . 
 my grin was stretched tight for i was going to enjoy this . 
 he screamed , `` you 're mad , you 're mad . 
 you would n't kill me like that . 
 not in cold bloooooo ... '' i should have let him finish his sentence , but my finger squeezed the trigger , and another deafening blast sounded . 
 the bullet ripped through his forehead tearing through the bone of his cranium , leaving his brain and skull splattered across the wall . 
 i heard pieces of bone hitting the floor on the other side of the room as deep red blood was splashed on everything i could see . 
 the smell grew stronger . 
 he lay sprawled on the floor , half of his head missing . 
 i could n't tell where his brain was , but i really did n't care . 
 pieces of it were scattered from one wall to the other . 
 the sound of police sirens broke the silence . 
 joe must have called them when i shot jaguar 's arm off . 
 cars screeched to a halt outside , and the trampling of feet running up the stairs made their way to my ears . 
 i turned and faced the entrance . 
 the first cop through the door was mad ... no , more than mad . 
 steam was coming out of his ears . 
 his face was blue from holding himself back from what he wanted to do to me . 
 i never saw this guy so fired up . 
 the cop was frank komo . 
 * * * ch 12 working the case , part 2 . 
 he walked around , looked over the scene , stooped to examine the body , and then headed straight for me . 
 i could see in his face that he did n't want to hear what i had to say , so i just held out my .45 to him . 
 the first thing komo grabbed was the cannon . 
 the second was his handcuffs . 
 i cooperated , and held out my paws . 
 the cuffs clinked , and tightened around my wrists . 
 frank called another cop over . 
 they both grabbed my arms , and pulled me out of the hall . 
 other investigators were showing up . 
 as i passed joe , i noticed he was gobbling down a couple of aspirins . 
 the police car was outside the joint with the rear door swung open . 
 i was pushed in , and found myself between frank and another flatfoot . 
 komo treated me as if he did n't know me . 
 the shrill siren whistled through the air as the police car sped toward headquarters . 
 i turned my head toward frank but he was looking straight ahead , and had a face on him like a guy who had a pile of work waiting for him . 
 i shouted a question to him . 
 `` what 's with the grim reaper look ? '' 
 no answer . 
 trying again , `` you still my friend ? 
 or did you suddenly turn into a mute gestapo ? '' 
 still no answer . 
 frank acted as if i had not spoken . 
 there was n't any sense in me talking to him further , so i sat back for the rest of the ride . 
 a minute later , the driver pulled up to the entrance of the stationhouse . 
 frank opened the door , and dragged me out as the other cop watched every move i made . 
 i felt like a convict . 
 i followed the lieutenant into the building , and to his office where he ordered me to sit down . 
 komo turned to his apprentice dismissing him , then turned to me , and yelled , `` you know i 'm going to have to book you for murder . '' 
 i tried to look shocked , and shot out , `` is that what you 're so worried about ? 
 sticking a murder rap on me ? '' 
 a smile covered my face . 
 `` stop worrying . 
 it was self-defense . '' 
 `` self-defense my ass . 
 i do n't know who he was , but he still had his gun in his holster . 
 i suppose you 're going to tell me he was going for his gun , but you beat him to it . 
 that 's a hard rap to beat even if it 's true , but i 'll help you all i can though it does n't look good . '' 
 `` that 's right , he did go for his piece , but unfortunately he did n't know that i was the `` quick draw '' of new york . 
 do n't forget that i also have a witness , and i 'll let you in on a little secret . 
 the crumb i shot was jaguar john from the west coast . 
 now , where 's the murder rap ? 
 i should be awarded a medal . 
 his memory flicked back in time . 
 he had heard of jaguar john , and his face showed that he was pleased that he might not have to book me . 
 i spent the next hour telling him my side of the story , and answered all his questions . 
 the medical examiner and crime scene investigators were at the pool hall . 
 they would update frank on their take of the situation . 
 thinking of the extra work i had made for him , he turned to me and said , `` i 'll check with the m.e. and the other detectives , and get back to you . 
 now get the hell out of here before i murder you myself . 
 stay local . '' 
 i stood up , mumbled a , `` see ya around , '' and shuffled out of the building . 
 it was one o’clock by now . 
 the restaurants and cafeterias were still filled with people . 
 my stomach was gurgling from the lack of food , so i crossed the street to a hot dog vendor , and ordered a couple of his specials . 
 while i was gobbling , one of them down , i whistled for a taxi . 
 a cabbie heard my call , stopping in front of me . 
 i hopped in and droned , `` getty square , '' as i downed the other dog . 
 we were there in two minutes flat . 
 i pawed a couple of bucks out of my pocket , slipped it to the cabbie , and climbed out , noticing that my car was still where i had left it . 
 i thought it would be a good idea to go up , and say something to joe . 
 after all , this was the second guy i nailed in his joint . 
 i opened the door , and climbed the stairs . 
 he was n't behind his desk . 
 then i saw him down by table four cleaning up . 
 nobody else was in the place so i snuck up behind him , viewed the pool of blood , and whistled , `` what happened ? 
 somebody get a nosebleed ? '' 
 without looking up he said , `` get outta here . 
 the joint is closed . '' 
 he then realized it was me , got off the floor , and jokingly but firmly said , `` i 'm glad you came back . 
 give me twenty bucks to give somebody to clean this mess , fifty more for a new tabletop , and fifty for me , or i 'll take back my statement that it was self-defense . 
 this guy could n't get mad . 
 i guess that 's why i liked him so much . 
 i grabbed my wallet , and pulled out three fifties . 
 after all , i did ruin some of his business , and made a pretty big mess . 
 he would n't take it at first , but i finally convinced him by telling him that i 'd kill him too , if he did n't put it in his pocket . 
 he did . 
 we shook hands , and i turned to leave . 
 before i left he said , `` mike , you keep killing people like this , and someday they 'll throw you in jail . '' 
 i thanked him for the advice . 
 i dashed to my car , starting it up . 
 my watch read three-fifteen . 
 the two street dogs did n't quite cut it . 
 if i hurried , i could grab a bite to eat , and then make it to ragino 's . 
 a left at yonkers avenue , then a right about three blocks down got me on the major deegan expressway going south . 
 the deegan was moderately thick with traffic . 
 i noticed dark clouds blowing over the city . 
 my hand dug into my pocket , plucked a cigarette out of my pack , and shoved it in my mouth . 
 i turned off the expressway at fordham road , and pulled over to the side . 
 there was a diner on the corner that i had been to a couple of times . 
 i climbed out of the heap , walked through the doors of the diner , and grabbed a stool . 
 my stomach was about to cave in . 
 those hot dogs had only made me hungrier . 
 i looked on the wall at the menu , and ordered a couple of cheeseburgers . 
 it did n't take long to make . 
 i had them devoured , paid the tab , and got back into the car in little more than fifteen minutes . 
 the engine roared again as i turned the key . 
 i gripped the wheel , and got back on the deegan . 
 ragino 's house was n't far now . 
 i did n't know my way around the lower east side too well but found his place without any trouble . 
 it was a modest duplex with a little lawn in front . 
 i pulled the heap over , and looked at my watch ... five to four . 
 i noticed his name on the bottom doorbell , and rang it . 
 seconds later the door opened . 
 behind it stood the stocky black haired bruiser . 
 he opened the door wider , and i stepped in . 
 ragino looked bigger in his clothes than in boxing trunks . 
 i had a feeling he already knew who i was by the way he looked at me . 
 before i had a chance to say anything i found myself sitting on a comfortable lounge chair in the living room with a bottle of cold beer in my hand . 
 ragino spoke first . 
 `` mr. murdock , i 've slept on your offer , and i have changed my mind . 
 i 've read about you in the papers , and see that you 're quite an investigator . '' 
 he spoke like a college professor rather than a veteran boxer . 
 i just sat , drank my beer , and listened to him . 
 `` it looks like the public is blaming me for killing krasinski , even though i barely hit him . 
 they need a reason for his death , and i am it . 
 i am having a tough time living with this . 
 i need your help , and i need it fast . 
 i think there was some kind of monkey business going on . '' 
 i interrupted him and said , `` certain facts have come to my attention that the police , as well as the boxing authorities , are unaware of . 
 if you retain me , i 'll have the problem settled within the week . '' 
 his face lit up at my last remark . 
 hope filled his eyes . 
 till now , i had n't mentioned a fee . 
 i looked around his pad , noticing the expensive furnishings . 
 i also took into consideration that he was feeling desperate . 
 this guy could afford paying full price . 
 the champ will get his money 's worth . 
 he 'll just be paying a premium . 
 my next statement was , `` i am running the risk of getting my head blown off . 
 there 's some dirty dealing going on , and i am about to jump into the middle of it . 
 it will cost you three grand ... lump sum . 
 no extra charges . 
 and no charge if i do n't get results . '' 
 he was n't shocked at the fee . 
 instead , he came over , shook my hand , and offered me another beer . 
 maybe i should have soaked him for another extra grand . 
 i turned the beer down , stood up , and said , `` i 'll have a report for you in a few days . 
 you 'll get your money 's worth . '' 
 he shook my hand again , and opened the door for me . 
 a light rain was now sprinkling the city . 
 little puddles formed on the streets and sidewalks . 
 i trotted across the street , and slumped into my bucket seat . 
 i hoped that lola had made it to the office , and might still be at work , so i thought i 'd stop there , and give her a lift home . 
 the wheels moved , and i turned back onto the deegan . 
 my brain ticked away as i drove . 
 it looked to me like dragon did n't want to lose any more of his boys so he had arranged for jaguar john to come into town . 
 i wish i could have seen dragon 's face when he found out what i had done to his hired gun . 
 the pressure was getting hot on him . 
 the big boys must be breathing down his neck to have somebody bump me off . 
 maybe it was the head of the syndicate who contracted jaguar john . 
 things were looking up for me . 
 not only was i feeling confident about getting rid of dragon and mr. big , but by the time i added up all the monies i am receiving from the different parties , i ` d be pulling in four to five grand for doing it . 
 not bad for a few days ' work . 
 i turned off the expressway at van cortland avenue , rolled down to my office , and parked . 
 the rain had stopped , leaving a mist behind it . 
 i closed the door to my heap , and took the stairs to my office . 
 music came to my ears as i turned the doorknob . 
 there was lola doing some sort of contortions they called dancing these days , with one of her girlfriends from the office upstairs . 
 they kept dancing when they saw me , laughing , and giggling like a couple of sixteen year olds . 
 i was n't really steamed up , but this did n't look good for business . 
 what if a perspective client walked in and saw these two babbling broads doing the bugaloo . 
 he 'd walk right back out . 
 i walked up behind the hipster from upstairs , put my hands on the hem of her dress , pulled it up over her head , and gripped it there . 
 how cute . 
 she had on a pink garter belt . 
 she was fighting but she could n't get her arms outside of the material . 
 lola stood there dumbfounded . 
 i pulled her friend out to the hallway , gave her a slap on her plump buttocks , and let her go . 
 she was as red as a beet , and ran up the stairs in utter embarrassment . 
 something told me she would n't be bugalooing down here for a while . 
 when i walked back in , lola looked like she expected me to scold her . 
 i grabbed her in my arms , and gave her a deep , affectionate kiss . 
 her lips were moist . 
 her mouth was warm and wet . 
 i wished we were home in bed . 
 how does it happen that i get the urge at the wrong times and places ? 
 my arms released lola , and my lips retreated . 
 lola came out with , `` what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 i pointed my finger at her body and said , `` that ! '' 
 she smiled devilishly and squeaked , `` well , you can have it later , but first i have a surprise for you . '' 
 a paper bag was lying on a chair . 
 she went over , and picked it up . 
 `` look , meat ravioli . 
 i bought it at the store today , and i am going to fix it just for you tonight . 
 is n't that great ? '' 
 big deal ! 
 one night i came home starved , and she had happened to fix up some meat ravioli . 
 i 'm not talking about some homemade ravioli . 
 this is ravioli that comes in a box . 
 the contents are poured into some boiling water . 
 i had exclaimed how good it was , and i have never heard the end of it . 
 she thought she was doing me a big favor , so i played along . 
 `` i ca n't wait until i get my choppers into these . '' 
 she squealed , and jumped up and down with joy . 
 i got her coat off the hook , slipped it around her shoulders , and took the bag from her . 
 she locked up as we walked out . 
 i raced lola to the car , dropped the groceries in , and opened the door for her . 
 the engine turned over , and we took off . 
 she did n't know about the incident at joe 's , so i told her . 
 then she started nagging me . 
 `` what 's that , the sixth , seventh , or the eighth this week ? 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 sometimes i think you 're the one without any brains . '' 
 she kept flapping her jaws . 
 i turned my head to her and yelled , `` gim me a break ! 
 i 'm in a hard and dirty business . '' 
 ah , silence ! 
 sometime i appreciated it so much . 
 the apartment was right up the street now . 
 i pulled to the side , grabbed the package , and told lola to take the sour puss off her face . 
 we got out , and took the elevator to our pad . 
 lola cheered up by the time we got to the door . 
 she opened it , took the package , and ran to the kitchen . 
 i took off my jacket and shirt , turned on the boob tube , and plunked down onto the sofa . 
 about a half hour , and a superman program later , lola called out `` come and get it . '' 
 i got up to take a seat at the table . 
 she brought the meal over in a covered dish . 
 when she took the lid off the bowl i made my eyes open wide and exclaimed , `` hey , my favorite meal ! '' 
 she squeaked some sort of sound of happiness , and clapped her hands with joy . 
 * * * ch 13 lookout johnny dragon ... '' i would n't want to be you ! '' 
 after the meal , i asked , `` balloon busts '' if she wanted to go out for a few drinks . 
 she told me she was tired , and could n't handle another night out . 
 i felt like bumming around with the boys tonight , so i told her i was going down to the lotus . 
 my shirt was on the sofa , and i reached for it . 
 some idiot had sat on it while he was watching a superman program . 
 i strutted over to the bedroom , pulled out a fresh one , and slipped it on . 
 my hand reached for my rig , and i strapped it in place . 
 lola came over handing me my jacket . 
 i kissed her on the cheek , patted her on the ass , and walked out the door . 
 the lift was on my floor , so i jumped in , and pushed the `` l '' button . 
 the elevator whizzed downward . 
 when the doors opened i jolted out , walked through the lobby , and into my pontiac . 
 the engine rumbled under the hood . 
 i made tracks for 264th street . 
 the air was cool and moist . 
 it was the kind of night that a guy likes to spend in a bar , sopping up some brew , and shooting the breeze with friends . 
 the city was bright even at night . 
 the moonlight , streetlights , headlights , and brilliance of the billboards and buildings combined to blank out the darkness of the streets . 
 i reached 264th , pulled the heap to the curb , and got out . 
 music knifed its way to the street through the doors and windows of the lounge . 
 my hand gripped the door handle , and i swung the passageway open . 
 i stepped in , scanning the room . 
 dutch was behind the bar busily making a cocktail . 
 at the head of the bar were a couple of the usual hookers , who had both latched onto a customer apiece . 
 they would be making some money by the end of the night . 
 further down the bar , and at the booths , were an assortment of husbands , wives , bores , moaners , loners , and happy-go-luckies . 
 at the rear of the bar , behind the table , were a couple of my buddies . 
 i crossed to the area that served as a part time dance floor , by the jukebox , and waved a hand towards dutch . 
 i viewed the assortment of booze on the shelves behind the bar , and noticed that bottle of oily rotgut i had smelled the other day was gone . 
 dutch probably gave it to one of the local barflies . 
 the boys at the table were `` dubo '' and jack catalano , better known as `` cadillac jack . '' 
 dubo is a bookie , and a compulsive gambler . 
 he 'd lay a wager on baseball , football , car racing , ping-pong , marbles , or you name it . 
 cadillac jack is a bald headed and burly teamster truck driver . 
 they saw me coming , waved me on , and pushed out a chair from under the table . 
 i sat down , exchanged `` how ya beens '' , and began shooting the bull . 
 dutch came over , sat down my drink , shoved today 's newspaper in front of my nose , and said , `` hey pal , looks like you made the front page today . '' 
 i looked down at the newspaper , and sure enough , there was a picture of my kisser with about six inches of typing under it . 
 i looked mean in the photo . 
 the editor had a few mug shots of me at his office , and selected the ugliest in the hopes that it would increase circulation . 
 the story below the picture was a little hard on me . 
 it said that i was a merciless killer , a compulsive killer , and a `` kill crazy '' private cop who should be in an asylum . 
 i laughed at the article , and handed the paper to dubo . 
 from behind , i heard , `` hey you three bums . 
 do n't youse eva go home ? '' 
 i turned , seeing `` pretty boy george '' and `` boston '' a step behind him . 
 i have known them for years , but did n't know their real names . 
 they pulled up a couple of chairs , and sat down . 
 boston yelled out , `` dutch , hows ` bout trowin us a deck of cards ? '' 
 the cards flew over my head , and boston caught them with a willie mays basket catch . 
 we all took out a few bills , and laid them on the table . 
 dubo started off dealing with some seven-card stud . 
 dutch buzzed over , put down a round of fresh drinks , picked up the empty glasses , and trotted off . 
 the cards kept falling , the juke kept playing , and dutch kept buzzing . 
 my stack was getting bigger and bigger . 
 we were playing small time poker with a two-dollar limit . 
 i never seemed to come out a loser . 
 my pack of butts became empty , and i got up to get some more out of the machine . 
 only then did i notice that nobody else was in the joint . 
 dutch had locked the doors over a half hour ago . 
 i peeked at my watch . 
 it read four-thirty . 
 man , time passes fast . 
 i sat back down in my chair , and resumed playing , but i was getting tired . 
 the booze , smoke , gambling , and noise took its toll . 
 i counted up my money , one-hundred and sixty two bucks , and shoved it in my pocket . 
 the boys hated to see me go , especially with their money . 
 before i left , i slipped dutch a five-dollar tip , waved `` so long , '' and staggered out . 
 the night air , or should i say morning air , was so fresh that it knocked me stiff as i whiffed it . 
 my car was right in front of me . 
 i opened the door , fell in behind the wheel , and set a course for home . 
 less than five minutes later , i had the heap parked in front of my apartment . 
 i shuffled out of the goat , into the lobby and elevator , and opened the door to my pad . 
 the lights were out , and all was quiet . 
 lola must be sleeping . 
 i slipped inside , and turned the living room lights on . 
 it was going to feel good to hit the sack . 
 i took off my shoes , and opened the bedroom door . 
 lola was n't in bed , nor was the bed slept in . 
 where the hell could she be ? 
 i looked in the bathroom , and got the same results . 
 i went to the kitchen , dining room , even the closets . 
 no lola . 
 it was n't like her to be out by herself at this time of night . 
 i searched the room looking for any sign of a struggle . 
 nothing was turned over , and nothing was out of place . 
 i sat down on the couch , and turned my brain on full speed . 
 thoughts raced through my mind . 
 she must have been taken out forcibly , or lured out of the apartment by dragon 's men . 
 maybe he discovered my only weakness . 
 she had to have been taken by either the stairs , or elevator . 
 maybe i am jumping to conclusions . 
 maybe dragon 's men did n't take her . 
 maybe sick friends called , or maybe even her mother . 
 if she left on her own accord , she would have taken her pocket book , and left a message . 
 i ran to the bedroom to check . 
 no message , and her pocket book was where she had always left it . 
 suddenly the phone rang in the living room . 
 i dashed to it , picked up the hook , and half screamed a , `` yeah ? '' 
 a slow seedy voice was on the other side of the line . 
 it said , `` murdock , if you want to see lola alive again , show up alone at 325 farmers road in hastings , at p.m. . 
 it 's a deserted farmhouse and barn . 
 come up the driveway . 
 walk into the barn . 
 do n't come any sooner , and do n't call the police , or you 'll find her dead . 
 remember ... come alone ! '' 
 i yelled into the phone that whoever harmed her would die the slowest , most torturous death ... but it was not heard . 
 he had hung up on me . 
 the phone was still in my hand . 
 i threw it to the floor , and slammed a couple of punches into the wall . 
 how stupid could a guy get ? 
 i should have known that they would get to me by nabbing lola . 
 i could n't believe this was happening . 
 not to me . 
 not to the most feared man in the city . 
 not to the merciless killer , the compulsive murderer , the kill crazy private cop who belongs in an asylum . 
 i 'll be there at nine . 
 they 'll wish i had n't come though . 
 i was through playing games with these mugs . 
 they all were as good as dead . 
 the newspapers will call me a mangler , a beast , a madman ... a `` maddog . '' 
 i 'll be there alright , and i 'll be ready . 
 there was nothing i could do until sunrise , so i moved my body to the bedroom , and crawled into bed . 
 i laid there on top of the covers , clothes on , and thought . 
 my mind would n't rest . 
 it would n't let me sleep . 
 the sun was starting to rise anyway . 
 a faint glow of orange light seeped through the draped windows . 
 the clock read 6:20 am . 
 i got out of bed , and walked to the kitchen . 
 my stomach was n't asking for food , but it was something to do . 
 i had to keep moving . 
 my hand opened the fridge , and grabbed four eggs , and a few slices of bacon . 
 i threw them into a frying pan , and turned on the flames . 
 the radio was to my right . 
 i turned it on . 
 the news was being broadcast . 
 tomorrow they would be talking about the killing , or killings that occurred in hastings . 
 the bacon and eggs were done , and i slapped them onto a plate . 
 i took my time eating them . 
 maybe twenty or thirty minutes passed by the time my plate was clean . 
 i left it on the table , and walked into the living room . 
 what do i do now ? 
 i strolled over to the tall mahogany cabinet in the corner of the room , and opened it . 
 my eyes scanned over my toys . 
 four .45 's , six extra barrels , three firing pins , and ten boxes of shells lay quietly inside the cabinet . 
 i took out two .45 's , two firing pins , and two new barrels , and placed them on the table in front of the couch . 
 then i opened the other drawer , and took out my gun cleaning equipment . 
 i carried them to the table laying them beside the guns , and sat on the couch . 
 my hands blindly stripped the weapons down , and cleaned them . 
 i inserted the new firing pins for sure fire , and new barrels for extra accurate aim . 
 the guns were like new . 
 i put the semi-automatics back together . 
 they were gleaming from the light coat of oil i had put on them . 
 one was in each of my fists . 
 people were going to die . 
 they were going to wish they had never heard the name murdock . 
 my reputation would spread . 
 more stories would be written about me . 
 in addition , there would be a few less `` scumbags '' in the city . 
 something was nibbling away at my memory . 
 something like a clue about the man behind all this . 
 it was the key that opened the door to a lot of facts about this mystery . 
 the key was within reach of my fingers , and on the tip of my tongue . 
 it was important . 
 it was so important that it would solve the case . 
 nevertheless , i could n't grab it . 
 i just could n't nail it down . 
 the clue was laughing at me . 
 it was laughing at how stupid i was . 
 i sat on the couch , and pondered . 
 the clue continued to stay just out of my reach . 
 i felt it was right in front of my eyes , yet i could n't see it . 
 my memory raced back in time , and i carefully thought of every move i had made the last few days . 
 i reviewed the boxing match , the locker room , the explosion , dragon , krasinski , and ragino . 
 nothing ! 
 i kept repeating the events in my mind . 
 i reminisced back to joe 's pool hall , the incident outside the red hat , and the setup at the broad 's apartment in bronxville . 
 still nothing ! 
 the clue was in there somewhere . 
 i went over the whole thing again , bit by bit , piece by piece . 
 all i came up with were the same results ... nothing . 
 the lousy clue was in there . 
 i knew it was there , but i could n't pinpoint it to save my life . 
 i could have kicked myself in the ass . 
 my eyes glanced at the ashtray . 
 it was now filled . 
 hours had passed by . 
 i had gone through a whole pack of smokes without realizing it . 
 the clock on the wall read 3:00 pm . 
 six hours to go . 
 i needed some help , and decided to call matt zima . 
 he was always happy to get some publicity , and he 'd get plenty if things worked out . 
 i picked up the phone , and dialed his number . 
 his thick deep voice answered the phone . 
 i asked him to meet me in front of the lobby of my apartment at 6:30 . 
 he kept asking what for , but i kept repeating , `` it 's a surprise . '' 
 i also told him to pack a rod or two . 
 matt agreed , and hung up . 
 i went to the bedroom , slipped on my coat , and walked out of the pad . 
 i needed to rearm , and gear-up for tonight 's activities . 
 for one thing , a holster fitting the small of the back and a gun fitting it might prove fruitful . 
 unfortunately , a .45 would stand out like a sore thumb there . 
 i took the elevator down to the lobby , walked out of the building , and into my car . 
 she started up , and i headed for 151st street . 
 i got there about fifteen minutes later , hooked the wheels to the curb , and got out . 
 in front of me was dino 's gun shop . 
 the air inside the shop smelled of oil and wood . 
 dino was behind the counter sanding a stock for a shotgun . 
 he was a tall clever fellow in his late twenties . 
 he saw me , put his work down , and came over with his hand outstretched . 
 `` how goes it mike ? 
 i 've been noticing that you have been in the newspapers regularly . 
 too bad they do n't print where you buy the tools of your trade . 
 better yet , i 'm glad they do n't . 
 i 'd probably get closed down by the authorities . '' 
 he started to reach towards the shelves of .45 's . 
 i stopped him and said , `` no , i need a different weapon . 
 give me two berettas . '' 
 dino looked puzzled . 
 `` after all these years with the .45 's you 're going to change to a beretta ? '' 
 `` nope , '' i said , `` it 's just for a special job i have in mind . '' 
 he walked behind the counter filled with pistols and revolvers of all sizes , shapes , and colors . 
 my eye caught the twinkle of a .25 black pearl-butted beretta . 
 dino pulled it from the counter , and handed it to me . 
 it felt , and looked like a toy gun . 
 my mitt fully incased it . 
 dino handed me another one with some ammo , and i took them downstairs where he had a shooting range . 
 i loaded up the pocket-sized pistols , and tried them out . 
 they did n't make much noise , nor did it spit much fire or smoke . 
 i shot until the guns were empty , and walked back upstairs . 
 dino came over , and asked me if i wanted anything else . 
 i had been mulling over another type of weapon . 
 i had nothing to lose by buying one . 
 i was sure he was going to be shocked . 
 `` yeah , '' i said as i pointed to a double barrel 12 gauge shotgun hanging on the wall . 
 he took it down and put it on the counter . 
 i added , `` cut the barrel , so it 's about fifteen inches long . 
 then cut the stock into a hand grip . '' 
 he started to shake his head , and said that it was against the law . 
 however , when i laid two hundred dollar bills in his palm , the shake of his head turned into a nod . 
 i was getting a little hungry , so i told him i was going next door to the coffee shop to grab something to eat , and that i would be back in about twenty minutes . 
 the firmness of my voice told him to have the scattergun ready by then . 
 i turned to the door and walked out . 
 * * * ch 14 preparing for the `` ok corral . '' 
 about half an hour later , i walked back into the small cluttered gun shop . 
 the bells on the door rang as i opened it , and dino came out from the back room . 
 `` oh , it 's you mike . 
 browse around ; and i 'll be through in a couple of minutes . '' 
 he returned to the back room , and i did as he suggested . 
 the shop had more guns than many stores i 've seen twice its size . 
 he had everything from a civil war cannon , to a derringer the size of a thumb . 
 dino came out a couple of minutes later carrying the sawed-off shotgun . 
 it looked like a deadly , powerful piece of armament . 
 i took it from him , and gripped it in my hands . 
 the shortened wooden stock fit like it was specially designed for me . 
 a grin covered my face revealing my teeth . 
 dino handed me a couple of dark green shells . 
 one was filled with buckshot ; the other was a pure lead slug . 
 i took them back downstairs to the range , and inserted the ammo into the chambers . 
 the barrels were pointed at a paper target about ten feet away . 
 i pressed gently on the forward trigger , and the shotgun burst a red flame out of its mouth . 
 the noise was deafening . 
 pieces of the paper target flew about . 
 what was left was riddled with a hundred little holes . 
 i placed another target on the clothesline , sent it out a dozen feet , and pressed the second trigger . 
 orange fire came out of the barrel making it look like a blowtorch . 
 the slug put a clean one-inch hole through the paper . 
 this was the kind of power i needed . 
 it made a .45 look like a beretta , and a beretta look like a peashooter . 
 i carried the miniature cannon back upstairs , and laid it on the glass counter alongside the two berettas . 
 dino was a good man to know . 
 i asked him for a box of high power .25 caliber bullets , a box of .12 gauge slugs , and a holster for a beretta . 
 he put the works into a larger container for me to carry out . 
 i gave him two more `` c '' notes , picked up the box , and walked out the door . 
 my mind was more at ease now . 
 i knew the arsenal i had would deal death and destruction . 
 tonight men would die . 
 i peeked at my watch . 
 the hands indicated 5:30 ... another hour to go before i was to meet matt . 
 i hustled into the car , and made my way through the asphalt jungle . 
 if i pressed the gas pedal , and made the lights , i would make it back to the pad in fifteen minutes . 
 my gto passed car after car . 
 i continued to think of tonight . 
 my heart beat faster . 
 my blood flowed through my body quickly with excitement . 
 darkness would be upon the city within a couple of hours . 
 my apartment was in view now , and my eyes canvassed the street for a parking space . 
 luck was with me . 
 i pulled into a space in front of my huge cream-white building , picked up my box of goods , and climbed out . 
 the doorman gave me a slight nod of recognition as i passed him . 
 i crossed the lobby and took the lift to my floor . 
 just to be on the safe side , i pulled out my .45 as i slid up to my door . 
 i turned the key and knob quietly , and opened it slowly . 
 my ears listened intently for any revealing sounds . 
 no noise ! 
 caution never killed anybody , and it was n't going to kill me . 
 the darkness of my apartment could have hidden an elephant . 
 my hand reached around the doorjamb , found the light switch , and flicked it on . 
 the miniature chandelier on the ceiling flooded the room with light . 
 my eye skirted every inch of the room before i stepped in . 
 i straightened up , walked in , and set the box on the table . 
 my thirst was begging for a cold beer , so i grabbed a bottle of suds out of the fridge , and slugged half of it down on the first gulp . 
 i began preparing my supplies of war . 
 the plain cardboard box did n't give a hint of the arsenal it contained inside . 
 i pulled out a berretta , and the little leather holster that matched it . 
 if i did n't know that the pistol in my hand was a lethal weapon , i would have sworn it was a toy . 
 my hand worked its way into the box , and came out with the pack of high power .25 caliber bullets . 
 i loaded them into the berretta , slid the holster onto my belt until it fit into the small of my back , and placed the .25 into it . 
 i eyeballed myself in the mirror to see if it was noticeable . 
 the gun was invisible . 
 i walked to the bathroom , pulled out a roll of tape from the cabinet , and took it back into the living room . 
 my hand pulled out the other berretta , loaded it up , and taped it to my right calf . 
 i looked into the mirror again . 
 it was n't noticeable . 
 the rod felt heavy and awkward when i walked , but it was well hidden . 
 the .45 i was wearing was a good one , but i replaced it with one of the rods i had cleaned this afternoon . 
 it fit snugly into my shoulder rig . 
 a full clip was inserted , and the semi-automatic was ready for action . 
 i finished the beer , went to the fridge , and pulled out another one . 
 my watch read 6:15 . 
 i checked my equipment again , and was satisfied . 
 some of the newspaper was lying on top of the television . 
 i picked it up , and wrapped it around my other .45 , and the shotgun . 
 it looked like a package of fresh fish . 
 i grabbed a fistful of slugs out of the box , and shoved them into my pocket . 
 my other hand drew a full clip of .45 s from the table , and dropped it in the same place . 
 i felt like a walking armory . 
 too bad the newspapers could n't get a load of me now . 
 i buttoned my jacket , and walked out the door . 
 matt was probably waiting for me in the lobby by now . 
 i jumped over to the elevator entrance , and pressed the call button . 
 the movement of gears and cables sounded through the doors . 
 the whine stopped , and i hopped in . 
 as i pressed the button for the lobby , i looked at the newspaper wrapped package i was carrying . 
 would n't you know that my picture was staring at me ! 
 the paper i picked to wrap the guns was very appropriate . 
 the elevator jerked to a stop , and the doors retreated into their recesses . 
 matt was in the lobby sitting on a comfortable couch , listening to the soft music the management provided . 
 he did n't know that i was in the lobby until i sat next to him . 
 he looked at me and said , `` alright mike , cut the cloak , and dagger stuff , and tell me what the scoop is . '' 
 `` let 's get in my car . 
 i 'll tell ya on the way . '' 
 he looked annoyed , but followed me out of the building , and into my car . 
 with his gruff voice matt said , `` you had better drop me off here when we 're through . 
 my car is right around the corner , and i am not gon na pay a taxi to drive me over here to get it . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 if you manage to live through tonight i 'll drive you to your car myself . '' 
 his eyes lit up with confusion . 
 `` okay , we 're in your car now , so tell me what 's going on . '' 
 i pulled out , and headed northbound . 
 `` matt , you 're gon na get a chance to promote yourself to chief of police . '' 
 he leaned back , lit up a cigar , and enthusiastically said , `` go on , go on , let me hear more . '' 
 `` alright , here 's the story from the beginning . 
 we know that archie bankoff was the one who covered krasinski 's body with that voltesso stuff . 
 i saw dragon talking to bankoff after the fight , and it was n't any social chat . 
 archie was shaking from head to toe . 
 i know a lot more about this case than the police do . 
 the mugs that have been trying to kill me , all worked for dragon , or his boss . 
 he is the muscle of this boxing syndicate that makes sure that certain boxers take dives in specific rounds . 
 if the fighters do n't go along , dragon leans on them until they agree . 
 dragon knocked off bankoff . 
 he also knew i was on the case , and hot on his trail . 
 sooner or later , he knew that i would get to the bottom of this racket . 
 do you remember what i did to his brother ? 
 he wants me to walk into a trap , so he can do the same thing to me . 
 that 's where we 're headed right now . 
 to the trap ... a barn in hastings . 
 they 've got lola up there . '' 
 `` you mean lola is in on this too ? 
 why that lousy whore ... '' `` no you dumb ass . 
 they kidnapped her from the apartment while i was out , and are holding her as bait . 
 i am supposed to be there at 9:30 . 
 it 's an abandoned farmhouse and barn located on farmers road . '' 
 i reached into my pocket , and drew out a smoke from the pack of butts . 
 he held out a light for me , and i dragged on it . 
 i continued , `` here 's where you come in . 
 since you are about my size and shape , you could be mistaken for me at a distance at night . 
 i am going to get out of the car before 9:30 , and sneak my way up to the barn . 
 you 'll have my jacket on , drive my car up the driveway , and get out . 
 i figure there are three of them in there . 
 two will probably come out , and i will be behind them with cannon in their backs . 
 after i fill them with lead , we break into the barn , clean up , and rescue lola . 
 if there happens to be more than three , i 've got the artillery to take care of the situation . 
 you 'll get front page headlines , and have another girder to build your bridge to commissioner with . '' 
 he knew the danger involved , but the fame he wanted blinded him to it . 
 plus he knew i needed him to rescue lola . 
 matt was n't a coward anyway . 
 he had risked his life many times when he really did n't have to . 
 by pulling out his police special .38 , he told me that he was with me all the way . 
 i dragged on my smoke , and flicked it out the window . 
 my watch read 7:00 . 
 we were in dobbs ferry , and almost there . 
 it was early . 
 i swerved the car over to a grocery store , on the side of the road . 
 we were in the middle of nowhere . 
 no other houses , or stores , or buildings could be seen . 
 matt followed me into the old wooden structure . 
 an old man with no teeth , and binoculars for glasses , came out of the back room , and gummed , `` what can i do for you boys ? '' 
 matt answered , `` we need a couple of beers pop , a bud for my father here , and a miller for me . '' 
 a voice from behind some boxes in the back said , `` i 'll get it dad . '' 
 it was a female voice and it sounded very attractive . 
 a few seconds later the most innocent looking brunette emerged from the boxes , carrying two cans of beer . 
 she saw that our eyes followed her every move . 
 this babe was stacked with a couple of bowling balls . 
 they were fascinating . 
 i ` ve seen smaller watermelons . 
 it was a wonder that she could walk erect . 
 matt looked at me , and we almost burst out laughing . 
 her body was like an hourglass . 
 i doubted that she could see her toes . 
 they had to be `` double f 's '' if they were an inch . 
 she handed the cans to us , and i asked her for a can opener . 
 a smile beamed at us and she said , `` take your eyes off of me , and you 'll see that they are the new self-opening cans . '' 
 that sure made me feel stupid . 
 matt thought it was pretty funny . 
 he asked her to join us for a beer , and she accepted . 
 matt slipped two bucks to the old man , and we followed the buxom chick outside to a wooden table and chairs at the side of the shack . 
 we could see that she was as intrigued with us as we were with her . 
 we did n't look like a couple of schoolboys . 
 matt whispered to me that he had never felt like touching a woman 's breasts as much as he did right now . 
 as he talked to her , they were practically stabbing him in the eye . 
 every other second i looked at matt , and he appeared to be fighting to keep his hands off of her . 
 she knew what he was looking at , and she took some deep breaths . 
 finally , matt could n't stand it any longer and said to her , `` look kid , i do n't believe all that is yours . 
 i 'll pay you twenty bucks if you show me what those monsters look like . '' 
 she thought it over , smiled , and got up . 
 `` i 'll take your money first , sir . '' 
 he fingered into his wallet , and handed her twenty bucks . 
 she pulled the tight blue sweater over her body , and revealed her bra . 
 it did n't look like the normal bra , but resembled two flour sacks sewn together . 
 matt and i were on the edges of our seats . 
 her hand 's swung around behind her , and released the clasp of her bra . 
 it fell away , and lo and behold , we witnessed the eighth wonder of the world . 
 they looked like two giant white milky basketballs with large pink tips . 
 we looked at each other in amazement , then back at the broad . 
 matt stated that he wished he had a camera ! 
 still in a daze , we stood up , slugged down the remainder of the beer , and walked backwards to the car still soaking up the view . 
 wow , what a sight ! 
 we hopped back in the car , and headed out . 
 the time was 7:30 , and the sun was down . 
 i turned the headlights on . 
 up ahead was a sign , `` welcome to hastings . 
 pop : 18,000 '' . 
 i thought i knew where farmers road was , and found the long narrow paved road with little problem . 
 the iron sign on the corner read `` farmers road . '' 
 as i drove on the desolate byway , i noticed a deserted farmhouse on the right . 
 i wondered if that was the one . 
 few cars travelled this road , as it was an out of the way place that lead to nowhere important . 
 i drove further up the road , and read the numbers on the next house , which were 329 . 
 the deserted barn we had passed was the place where i was supposed to meet my bitter enemies . 
 i pulled the car over to the side , far out of sight of the farmhouse , and cut the engine . 
 matt and i went over our plans , and i reached back for my .45 and shotgun . 
 it was the first time matt had noticed the package . 
 when i opened it , he laughed . 
 i pulled two slugs out of my pocket , and inserted them into the chambers of the sawed off cannon . 
 my free hand gripped the .45 , and slid it under the dash . 
 that one was there just as an extra safety measure . 
 we sat back , lit up a couple of smokes , and got our thoughts together . 
 * * * ch 15 death in ` nam ! 
 death at the barn ! 
 death for ... ? 
 twenty minutes had passed , and the nocturnal blanket of night had spread over the countryside . 
 my watch read 8:30 . 
 i stuffed out a butt , picked up my shotgun , and climbed out of the car . 
 it was time to move . 
 the barn and house were a good quarter of a mile down the road on the opposite side . 
 a large treeless field surrounded the two shabby buildings . 
 the crisp night air cut into my lungs . 
 clouds filled the sky . 
 not rain clouds , but billowy ones that hid the brightness of the quarter moon above . 
 the area was deserted ... the road was deserted ... the whole damn region was deserted . 
 this was a wasteland . 
 i crossed the road . 
 my feet ground into the pebbles as i walked on the soft shoulder . 
 a light from far down the road appeared . 
 it came closer and closer resembling a bug with two glaring eyes . 
 the eyes became brighter the closer they came . 
 i jumped into a ditch at the side of the road . 
 the bug with its two glaring eyes became a car with headlights beaming . 
 it passed me . 
 i waited until it was out of sight , and i then jumped back onto the shoulder . 
 the field was filled with three-foot high grass , and other indistinguishable weeds . 
 i stepped off the side of the road , and into the jungle of weeds . 
 my feet sloshed through the soft earth beneath them . 
 the reeds rustled as they scraped against my body . 
 i was about a hundred and fifty yards from the barn now . 
 a faint light cut its way through the crevices between the deteriorated wooden slats . 
 i stopped , and listened for the betraying sounds of a guard . 
 it was still a long way to the barn , but as i said before , `` caution never killed anyone . '' 
 the walking through the field reminded me of my time in viet nam . 
 instead of donning a blazer , i wore a drab army camouflaged uniform . 
 instead of a shotgun , i carried an m-16 . 
 i recalled walking through a field on the edge of a rice paddy . 
 the memory became clearer and clearer . 
 my company was dropped , by chopper , into a well-laid viet-cong trap , and we were being demolished . 
 kids i had spent months of training with were slaughtered before they could hit the ground . 
 only a few of us had managed to scatter and get away ... maybe twenty of the original forty-five of us . 
 i had four men with me , and the three stripes on my arm made me in charge . 
 we were twenty long miles behind enemy lines , and `` charlie '' knew we were there . 
 the damn reds were chasing us down , and closing the distance between us . 
 it was useless for us to try to outrun them . 
 it looked like it was just a matter of time before we were cut down , or taken prisoner . 
 i had to pull something they did n't expect . 
 we jumped into a thick cluster of brush and trees . 
 the vc were hot on our trail . 
 they were just a few minutes behind us , and they were about twenty-five men strong . 
 we were able to set up two claymore mines at the edge of the thicket , one aimed up , and one aimed down the trail . 
 as they passed by , i set off one of the mines with my `` clacker . '' 
 the explosion sent hundreds of steel balls into the kill zone , cutting into and through the bodies of the enemy infantry . 
 cries of pain and agony filled the moist jungle air . 
 a half dozen cong met their immediate death . 
 a half dozen others were now bleeding on the soft , black soil , maimed for life . 
 one of my squad lit off the other claymore with his handheld firing device , sending a second devastating round of lethal metal pellets into the ranks of the vc . 
 my army of five then opened up with all our firepower . 
 we tossed grenades , and shots rang out from every direction . 
 it was kill , or be killed . 
 the bullets flew , and death followed their trail . 
 i shot off one clip after another . 
 my fingers guided a hand-grenade into the middle of a clump of charlie . 
 the blast sent flesh and blood across this part of the jungle . 
 i repeated my action on another cluster of enemy . 
 the blast roared , and more blood and flesh spread through the air . 
 they scattered in retreat , and i looked for my comrades . 
 i found four injured cong , took out my bayonet , and slit their throats . 
 blood gushed from their necks , and i smiled with a vengeance as they gurgled their last breaths . 
 maddog murdock was born . 
 my small army had grown smaller . 
 three were dead , and the other was wounded in the arm . 
 when i saw the three lifeless bodies of my friends , i turned back to the remains of the dead cong , and decapitated every one of them . 
 i wanted the lousy commies to know that the american cavalry were warriors to be feared . 
 the enemy believed that if they died with their heads disconnected from their bodies , they would never reach their so - called paradise . 
 i scanned the area around me . 
 over twenty bodies lay dead . 
 we turned our noses southward , and headed home . 
 we trudged through jungles , fields , and tall grass . 
 finally , late the next night we were approached by friendly troops . 
 yeah , i remember those days . 
 they say history repeats itself . 
 if it did there were going to be some headlines tomorrow about some headless bodies in hastings . 
 pushing thoughts at viet-nam out of my mind , i found myself about seventy-five yards from the house . 
 again , i stopped , and listened . 
 the only sounds heard were the singing of the crickets , and the steady thumping of my heart . 
 the rickety farmhouse ahead of me hid part of the barn located behind it . 
 the moonlight struck through the clouds for a second , and then disappeared again . 
 i stood at the edge of the field . 
 in front of me was a large brown oak . 
 i skirted up to it , and glanced at my watch ... 9:00 . 
 no light came from the farmhouse . 
 i crawled from the trees to the side of the deserted structure , and took in a full view of the barn . 
 it was no more than fifty feet away . 
 i saw a faint outline of a figure at the front of the barn by the door . 
 my body hugged the ground , and i crawled to the side , then to the rear of the barn , unnoticed by the looming figure . 
 an old door hanging on one rusty hinge was the only exit at the rear of the barn . 
 a light flowed from the crack in the door . 
 i snaked up to it , and looked through the slit . 
 three kerosene lamps burned around four men sitting on wooden boxes , playing cards on an old crate . 
 two more were sitting against the wall idly smoking and mumbling . 
 lola was n't in sight , nor was dragon . 
 they could be there though . 
 much of the inside of the barn was out of my line of vision . 
 a group of empty stables blocked out the whole left side of the barn from my sight . 
 just then , dragon walked toward the group playing cards , buttoning his pants , and said , `` whose next ? '' 
 one of the card players got up and said jokingly , `` i would n't blame murdock for being a maddog if he found out all seven of us banged his broad . '' 
 my eyes saw flames . 
 i pictured lola going through a torture ... a torture of seven men , one after the other , violating her . 
 hate came to me in waves , and the waves got bigger and bigger . 
 i wanted to charge in there now , and mutilate every one of those sons of bitches . 
 those lousy vultures . 
 seven men on one woman ! 
 i put my ear to the door and listened . 
 i let them speak their last few words . 
 dragon had his mouth open and snickered , `` that babe has a beautiful body . 
 murdock has some fine taste . 
 did you notice she is a bleached blonde ? '' 
 they all laughed at that . 
 i let them laugh . 
 i savored over the thought of them laughing in front of me with a .45 rammed down their throats . 
 they all had had their last woman . 
 the sound of a dry branch breaking under a man 's foot made its way to my ears . 
 i ducked into a shallow hole beside the barn , and leaned against the wall . 
 the shadowy figure appeared and came toward me , but could n't see my body . 
 i could hardly see myself . 
 he stopped , peeked through the same slit in the door , and humorously yelled , `` what 's going on in there ? 
 is butch getting seconds ? 
 when he finishes , tell him to come out here and relieve me . 
 i 'd like to hit that ass again . '' 
 everybody laughed . 
 the asshole eased away from the door , and walked past me . 
 the punk almost stepped on my hand . 
 i jumped up , and brought my right forearm tightly around his neck before he could make a sound . 
 then my left hand pushed his head forward . 
 a snap broke the silence of the night , and his head hung loosely from his shoulders . 
 this guy was lucky to die fast and clean . 
 if i could have , i would have made him suffer a slow and horrible death . 
 his corpse lay on the ground like a sack of rags . 
 i moved back to my position at the door . 
 one down and six to go ! 
 those six were thinking that i would be dead within half an hour . 
 maybe they were planning to make my death slow and agonizing . 
 i looked at my watch , 9:20 . 
 five minutes before matt was to drive up to the barn . 
 the sound of a door opening inside the structure reached my ears . 
 the worm called butch had finished his turn with lola , and rejoined his twisted friends . 
 he said , `` ah , that babe humps like a dead frog . '' 
 one of the other mugs replied , `` what do you expect ? 
 you 're the ninth one tonight . 
 i got her second . 
 i love it when they fight . 
 the little bitch squirmed for me , and bucked like a bronco . '' 
 i felt like jumping in there now , and tearing their insides out . 
 i heard a , `` i 'd like to bump that broad again , but it 's about time for murdock to show . 
 i 'll go out , and keep bingo company . '' 
 he got up , and headed out the door at the front of the barn . 
 little did he know that bingo was lying on the ground with a snapped neck . 
 a call speared through the night , `` hey bingo where you at ? '' 
 no answer . 
 again , the same call . 
 this time i yelled , `` in the back . 
 come’ere and look at dis . '' 
 i ambled up to the side of the barn squeezing my body against the coarse weather beaten wood . 
 the rustle of footsteps grew louder . 
 my hand reached for my knife , and i worked the shiny button that extended the blade into position . 
 he must have been about four feet away . 
 i jumped out from the darkness , my right hand covering his mouth , while the left swept across his thick muscular neck with a swift clean stroke . 
 the thug 's head tilted back , and his body followed it to the ground . 
 blood gushed from the long slit above his adam 's apple . 
 his body twitched from muscle convulsions . 
 it reminded me of an eel wiggling when out of water . 
 i laughed silently to myself . 
 two down and five to go ! 
 i turned around , and saw a pair of headlights streaking its way toward the barn . 
 matt was coming down the driveway . 
 i yelled out in my best butch impression , `` hey boss , here he comes . '' 
 my hand clasped around the sawed off shotgun . 
 it felt like it was thriving for some action . 
 i paced silently to the side of the barn where i could see the front door . 
 the portal squeaked open , and three men came out . 
 none of them was dragon . 
 i adjusted the barrel of my cannon to aim at the center of their backs , and waited for the right moment . 
 my car stopped about thirty feet from them , and silence loomed over the area . 
 death was in the air , only they did n't smell it . 
 i leveled the shotgun against my shoulder . 
 matt climbed out of the car , and stood behind the driver 's door as planned . 
 the darkness concealed his features . 
 i heard one of the gunmen whisper , `` this guy does n't know what he 's in for . '' 
 the fact was that they did n't know what they were in for . 
 my finger itched to squeeze the triggers . 
 the three thugs were about twenty feet from me , and started walking towards the car . 
 now was the time . 
 my finger squeezed one trigger . 
 a blast of fire and smoke spilled from the muzzle , and one of the hoods flew into the air . 
 he landed three or four yards from where the slug had hit him . 
 i pulled the second trigger . 
 another shot echoed through the night . 
 it hit the second one in the chest . 
 a loud thump from lead hitting bone sounded . 
 suddenly bullets came flying my way . 
 they landed above and below me . 
 i dropped the shotgun , and backtracked to the rear of the barn . 
 before i did , i noticed a lump on the ground by the side of my car . 
 it was matt 's body . 
 i ditched into a little gully bordering the barn . 
 the sounds of footsteps were all around me . 
 there were three of them , and one of me . 
 my .45 was in my hand . 
 i saw a dark figure jump from the front of the barn , and into the gully to the right of me . 
 lead flew from his pistol . 
 four times , i fired without a hit . 
 the sound of feet broke the silence to the left of me . 
 i fired three more times . 
 the feet were still moving . 
 i had missed again . 
 my paw reached into my pocket to get my second clip , but it must have fallen out . 
 i cursed as i threw the empty .45 into the darkness . 
 my hands reached down to release the beretta taped to my leg , but it was too late . 
 i slipped my pants back over the gun and got up . 
 from the depths of the night , dragon and his goons emerged to my side . 
 he smiled and said , `` so you tried to pull a fast one . 
 see where it got you ? '' 
 then he turned to his boys and mumbled , `` get him into the barn . 
 were gon na show him where it got him . '' 
 they pulled me out of the gully , and shoved me to the front of the barn . 
 three lifeless bodies lay on the ground . 
 one of dragon 's boys had his part of his lung hanging out of his chest cavity . 
 it looked like a large piece of stew meat . 
 the other one had a six-inch hole in his belly . 
 a grotesque smirk covered his face . 
 i was pushed through the door , into the decaying structure . 
 dragon had a broad grin on his face . 
 his boys pushed me into a corner , and sat me on a wooden crate . 
 their rods were aimed at my midsection . 
 dragon stiffened up and said , `` search him you fools . 
 this guy is n't any punk off the street . '' 
 one of them got up , while the other kept his gun trained on me . 
 unfortunately , he came across the beretta on my leg . 
 he smiled to himself as if he was a smart cookie , and continued his search . 
 from my pocket , he pulled out my blade . 
 he shoved both of them into his pocket , and rejoined his buddy . 
 the other beretta was still in the holster in the small of my back . 
 dragon spit out an order to get a rope and tie me up . 
 they tied my hands behind my back , and pushed me towards my arch enemy . 
 i was in front of him face to face . 
 his hand reached up , and it smacked me across the mouth . 
 a very brave man i thought to myself . 
 i felt a trickle of blood ooze down my lip . 
 a smile crossed my face showing him that i could handle anything he could dish out . 
 dragon turned around , walked a couple of steps , and said , `` remember what you did to my brother ? 
 well the same thing is going to happen to you . 
 first , i want you to see what your woman looks like . 
 he walked into the little workshop in the corner of the barn . 
 the goons behind me pushed me towards it until i shook them off , and walked by myself . 
 as i entered , the smell of semen reached my nose . 
 lola was tied to the floor . 
 both her legs were tied to stakes in the ground , her arms to two others . 
 i looked at her naked spread-eagled body lying on the dirt floor . 
 blood flowed from between her legs . 
 scratches and bruises riddled her thighs and abdomen . 
 she was conscious , but in a daze . 
 dragon saw the hate grow on my face . 
 i tried to kick him in the groin , but he eluded it and laughed . 
 the two goons grabbed me again , and pulled me out the door as dragon followed , closing it behind him . 
 i was thrown into an old wooden chair . 
 the mugs were on each side of me . 
 dragon walked over carrying a shiny object in his hand . 
 i knew what it was ... my knife . 
 * * * ch 16 the tables are turned . 
 who is `` mr. big '' ? 
 he came closer with the menacing knife and spit out , `` before i cut you up big shot , you 're gon na watch me butcher your woman . '' 
 the words came out of his mouth slowly , and i knew he meant every word of it . 
 a jerk of his head sent the two goons into the other room to untie lola . 
 dragon came closer , and teasingly wiped the sharp edge of the blade down my cheek . 
 it was only him and me in the room . 
 if i was gon na , make my move i had to make it now . 
 my hands were tied behind my back . 
 i wiggled my fingers under my coat , felt the beretta , and slipped it into my palm . 
 a moan from lola came from the other room , and dragon turned his head for a split second . 
 that was a split second too long for him . 
 i swiveled my arms to my hip , and pointed it the .25 at his gut . 
 he turned back just in time to see me pull the trigger . 
 the shot rang out and dragon doubled over , and then dropped to the floor . 
 his face showed both surprise and disdain . 
 at the sound of the shot , the two thugs came running from the other room . 
 i turned the little beretta on them , and fired . 
 when i finished the clip off , both men were on the ground . 
 one had a hole the size of a pea through the bridge of his nose . 
 the slug must have embedded in his brain for there was no exit hole . 
 the other got it in the neck . 
 it appeared the bullet had pierced his spine . 
 he laid there with his mouth wide open , filling with blood . 
 i did n't realize i was such a good shot , especially from behind my back . 
 i hustled over to dragon 's body , and picked the knife from his hand . 
 he was still alive , and coming around . 
 my hands wrestled with the blade until it parted the bounds around my wrists . 
 i put the knife back to my pocket , and gripped my beretta . 
 dragon 's hand reached for the hole in his belly , wincing in pain as he touched it . 
 it was my turn to smile now . 
 i casually said , `` there 's been a slight changed in plans dragon . 
 instead of you cutting up lola and me , she 's gon na cut you up . 
 you could use a facelift anyway . '' 
 he did n't think that was too funny . 
 i grabbed a rope , and told him to get on his feet . 
 he unwillingly did , and spit curses at me . 
 he took his time at first , but sped up when i whipped the rope across his face . 
 bright red welts immediately appeared . 
 a workbench was in the corner of the barn . 
 it was about six feet long , and three feet wide . 
 oh yes , it would make a good carving table . 
 my beretta pushed his back toward it . 
 i yelled , `` lay down face up , and i 'll teach you how to become a surgeon . '' 
 there was n't much he could do , so he rolled on top of long wooden bench . 
 i tied his chest , hands , and feet to it . 
 i noticed his shoes . 
 they were an ugly maroon color . 
 vaguely , i remembered seeing those shoes before , but could n't place where . 
 for some reason it seemed important but i could n't put my finger on it . 
 after satisfying myself with my boy scout knotting ability i stumbled over to the small room lola was in . 
 she was lying on the ground , her hands , and feet now free . 
 lola recognized me , struggled to get up , and wrapped her arms around my shoulders . 
 she was oozing with relief over my saving her , yet she hurt badly from the trauma these degenerates had put on her . 
 i picked up her torn garments that were heaped in a pile on top of some mildewed hay . 
 they did n't even let her undress . 
 the sons of bitches ripped the clothes right off her . 
 i picked up lola 's coat , and wrapped it over her scratched and bruised body . 
 as we walked out of her room of torture , she saw the two goons on the floor . 
 she spit on each of them as she passed . 
 then her eyes fell upon dragon , tied helplessly on the table . 
 a small circle of blood surrounded the hole in his shirt . 
 a black and blue mark had risen on his face from where i had slashed him with the rope . 
 i told my baby to take a seat as i pulled out the knife and said , `` ya know johnny boy , nobody has ever caused me that much grief and trouble as you . 
 you should never have laid a hand on my woman . 
 you 're gon na die now dragon . 
 you 're gon na go slow ... very , very slow . 
 you 'll know what torture means by the time i 'm finished with you . '' 
 i depressed the button on the knife , and the shiny blade swished to open position . 
 `` hey johnny boy , did you know i was a surgeon ? 
 that 's right , i 'm gon na operate , and take that nasty bullet out of your gut . '' 
 he looked at me in disbelief . 
 i laid the tips of the cutlery into the hole , and moved it in and out like a saw . 
 a bloodcurdling scream echoed throughout the barn . 
 lola sat watching my moves . 
 her normally soft heart had hardened from the traumatic suffering she had just been put through . 
 she had hate in her eyes . 
 the hole became larger and larger . 
 it was n't so hard to be a surgeon . 
 the wound was big enough now so i could stick a couple of fingers into it . 
 the tip of my fingers dove in , and groped through the flesh and slimy parts of his anatomy . 
 i finally found the piece of lead , and pulled it out . 
 dragon fainted momentarily from pain , or loss of blood , or something . 
 i wanted him awake . 
 a couple of pats on his cheeks got him to come around . 
 i showed him the bullet and said , `` here it is . 
 do n't worry you 'll be back on your feet in a couple of days . '' 
 after that , i laughed in his face . 
 it was evident he was in poor humor since he did n't laugh . 
 there was one more thing i wanted to do to him . 
 dragon was moaning in pain . 
 i leaned over his head and quietly said , `` who 's paying you johnny ? 
 who 's running this operation ? '' 
 all i heard between his sobs and moans were , `` i do n't know , i do n't know . '' 
 i was getting short tempered . 
 every time i looked at lola 's marred face hate flashed in front of my eyes . 
 again , i asked , `` who are you working for ? '' 
 he kept babbling like a baby and repeated , `` i do n't know , i do n't know . '' 
 my hand reached for lola , and i pulled her to the table . 
 this was it . 
 i could n't stand it anymore . 
 my hands groped around his belt buckle , and with a yank , i pulled his pants down to his knees . 
 i laid the edge of my blade against his manhood , and lightly carved shallow grooves with each stroke . 
 he looked at me , and his eyes pleaded for mercy . 
 lola yelled out , `` mike , do n't . 
 let me . '' 
 wow , i did n't expect to hear that coming out of lola 's mouth , but considering what she had just been through , i sure understood it . 
 i looked at dragon and said , `` if you do n't want to lose this piece of useless flesh , you had better do some fast talking . 
 i can stop myself . 
 but lola ? 
 i do n't know . 
 you tell me . 
 how long do you think you 'll have that little pecker if i hand my blade to lola ? 
 talk now or i hand her the blade ! '' 
 he could n't talk fast enough . 
 words banged into each other as they tried to get out of his mouth . '' 
 i got my orders from a box at the p-p-p-post-office . 
 the same with the payments . 
 b-b-b-believe me murdock . 
 it 's the truth . '' 
 his eyes were pleading for me to put the knife away . 
 his chest rose and depressed in large swells . 
 i was n't sure if i believed what he said , but that still did n't erase out what he had done to lola . 
 i looked at his distorted face , then at lola . 
 she had two cuts on her cheeks , and they would probably leave scars . 
 such a beautiful face now with two marks . 
 i saw red . 
 a red that meant torture . 
 my hand tightened on the knife , and it slashed across his shaft . 
 i could n't help doing it . 
 a shrill scream sounded throughout the dimly lit barn . 
 he let out a blood-curdling scream that even scared me . 
 it pierced the air with the sound of excruciating agony . 
 dragon 's body stiffened , and his eyes opened wide . 
 the screaming stopped , his body went limp , and his eyes closed slowly . 
 i threw the rubbery snakelike piece of flesh into the corner of the barn . 
 i looked down to where it once joined his body . 
 blood bubbled from its round base . 
 every time his heart beat , a spurt of dark red blood pumped out of both his groin , and his stomach . 
 i turned to lola . 
 she had a look of satisfaction on her face . 
 i turned back to dragon . 
 the rich red fluid that was spurting had stopped . 
 his heart had quit . 
 i did n't want him to die yet . 
 i had to find out who mr. big was , and dragon had the piece to the puzzle . 
 frantically , but hopelessly , i pounded on his chest trying to restart the beat of his heart . 
 finally , after caving in his chest , i realized that it was too late . 
 why did i go so far ? 
 i kicked the table in disgust . 
 a lot of information was now irretrievable because dragon was dead . 
 i sat on a box next to lola , and looked at the mutilated corpse before me . 
 mr. big would still be able to operate unless i came up with another lead . 
 dragon had the answer . 
 if only i had been a little less eager to do him in . 
 but something in my head pounded away . 
 that key was trying to bang its way out of my memory storage , and unlock the big question , `` who is the man behind this operation ? '' 
 i knew that if i found that clue i would have the puzzle solved . 
 my brain raced through the last few days . 
 dennis gets killed , krasinski gets killed , bankoff gets killed , and the big effort was made to kill me . 
 i went over every move i had made during the week . 
 i killed the mug in front of the red hat , the three punks at the office , jaguar john , and these guys today . 
 nothing led to an answer about mr. big . 
 the sound of the barn door opening reached my ears . 
 i grabbed lola , pulled her to the ground , and trained my eyes to the door . 
 the wooden portal opened , and a huge man with a bloody face took its place . 
 it was matt . 
 his .38 was in his hand , and he looked like he would kill the first person who looked at him crooked . 
 i yelled out , `` matt , over here . '' 
 he looked at the two bodies on the floor , and then at dragon 's . 
 a smirk formed on his puss . 
 his opening words were , `` what 's the matter ? 
 did n't you like this guy ? '' 
 i smiled , pulled out my handkerchief , and handed it to him so he could wipe the blood off his face . 
 a shallow wound creased the upper left side of his forehead . 
 it looked like a bullet had just missed saying hello to his brain . 
 matt spoke again , `` it looks like i passed out during all this action . 
 did i miss a good show ? '' 
 he looked at dragon 's corpse again and said , `` mike i could see the bullet hole in his stomach , the slash on his face , and the caved-in chest , but what 's the story on his ... uh , missing member ? '' 
 i said , `` do n't ask ! 
 i 'll glue it back before the cops get here . '' 
 i did n't get any laughs from that one . 
 matt sat down on the box , and applied pressure to his head wound as i leaned back against the wall . 
 my mind was still trying to find that clue . 
 it seemed to be one jump away from me . 
 i was so close yet so far from knowing the answer to this whole deal . 
 i could almost reach out and grab it . 
 i looked down at matt who was still pressing the handkerchief to his head . 
 his tongue ran over his lips and he mumbled , `` i could sure use a drink right now . '' 
 a light bulb in my brain lit up . 
 what he had said drew back the curtain hiding the clue . 
 yes , it was clear now . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 cupping lola 's face in my hands , i gently kissed her bruised and battered face saying , `` i 've got to finish this . '' 
 i told matt to stay here , and take care of lola . 
 i raced out of the barn with matt chasing me yelling , `` what the hell is going on ? 
 you ca n't do this . 
 come back here . '' 
 i hopped into the car pressing the gas to the floor . 
 the wheels spewed dust and pebbles behind me . 
 as i drove away matt angrily screamed , `` do n't forget to tell somebody we are here , you idiot . '' 
 i got onto the main drag , and pumped the speedometer to ninety . 
 it was so very clear now . 
 the whole picture ! 
 everything ! 
 there was another person who was going to die tonight . 
 he was n't going to live another hour if i could help it . 
 as i drove , i thought of how i was going to kill him . 
 all that came into my head was kill ... kill ... kill ! 
 * * * ch 17 revenge ... death in the bronx . 
 i drove like a lunatic let loose . 
 at the turns , the tires screamed for me to slow down . 
 a grimace covered my face from ear to ear , and i sneered at the clue as it had sneered at me before . 
 how stupid i was not to have realized what it was sooner . 
 it was in front of my face all this time , but i could n't see it . 
 however , now it came in as clear as the sun at noon . 
 i could hear the words matt had said that opened the curtain for me ... '' i sure could use a drink . '' 
 i was passing through the northern part of yonkers now , and still heading southbound . 
 my finger pushed a cigarette out of my pack of butts , and shoved it into my dry dusty mouth . 
 more and more cars filled the road as i neared the city . 
 their headlights stabbed their way through the night blinding the oncoming cars . 
 the sounds of crickets disappeared as the apartments and business offices captured the scenery around me . 
 i was energized . 
 one more man was going to die tonight . 
 just one more ! 
 i could imagine his face when he sees me . 
 he probably thinks i 'm dead by now . 
 he 's the one who set up this trap for me . 
 how surprised he 's gon na be . 
 why , his jaw will probably drop to his knees . 
 i smiled as i thought of that image . 
 downtown yonkers was now in front of me . 
 even though the stores and businesses were closed , the lights emanating through their windows lit up the area . 
 i came to a red light . 
 a patrol car was parked at the side of the street with the cops in it . 
 so far , i had run four red lights on my way here , but i was going to have to wait on this one . 
 the damn red lights in yonkers last for ninety seconds . 
 it was the longest ninety seconds i had spent in a long time . 
 it felt like five minutes had gone by before it turned green . 
 finally , i puttered away until i was out of sight of the patrol car , and then put on the steam again . 
 my tires wheeled down broadway , running several other red lights . 
 cars screeched to a halt as i drove by them on the wrong and right sides of the road . 
 a couple of autos collided , and others were run off the street as i raced by . 
 i did n't care . 
 i had one thing on my mind , and i was heading for it with abandon . 
 my breathing was heavy , and my lungs inhaled and exhaled faster and faster . 
 i gripped the steering wheel so hard that it hurt my hands . 
 i could see my destination now as i rumbled down the last block . 
 my hands jerked the wheel to the right , and my foot slammed on the brakes . 
 the tires left rubber marks on the street , and the front end of the car came to rest on top of the sidewalk . 
 i grabbed the .45 from under the dash , checked the clip , stuffed it into my holster , and jumped out of the car . 
 people on the sidewalk passed me without saying a word . 
 they saw the anger in my face . 
 i pushed through the door to see my bitter enemy . 
 he faced me now . 
 his eyes were wide , and filled with surprise , hate , fear , and terror . 
 he was standing behind the bar mixing a drink . 
 that 's right ! 
 it was dutch ! 
 mr. big , the guy responsible for kidnapping lola , the man behind the syndicate , the person who tried to have me killed , was now standing in front of me . 
 an hour ago , i would have thought he was one of my best friends . 
 i stood at the bar , and roared , `` everybody get outta here . '' 
 my voice echoed throughout the lounge , and the joint emptied in less than twenty seconds . 
 stools were knocked to the ground , glasses were tipped over , and change was left on the bar . 
 the only sound to be heard was the commotion of the people now outside . 
 i quietly said , `` well , are you the bartender ? 
 set me up a drink . 
 the usual , pal . '' 
 he was shaking , and his hands could hardly hold the bottle of four roses . 
 whiskey fell around the glass . 
 i grabbed the bottle from him , poured my own drink , and slugged it down . 
 my hands reached out grabbing his shirt . 
 spit sprayed out of my mouth as i brayed , `` dutch , you are in for a little fun . 
 you 're gon na wish that your father had used a rubber when you were conceived . '' 
 my free hand picked up the bottle of booze , and brought it around my shoulder as if i was winding up to throw a baseball . 
 he tried to squirm out of my hold , but i held tight . 
 my arm slung forward with lightning speed bringing the bottle crashing into his jaw . 
 both the bottle , and his jaw , broke in several places . 
 shards of glass flew , leaving a jagged-edged cutting tool in my grip . 
 he let out a howl , and fell to the floor . 
 bare bone hung from his face , and blood flowed . 
 i jumped over the bar and picked the rat up . 
 four or five of his lower front teeth almost fell out . 
 a bottle can make a mean weapon . 
 i said , `` dutch baby , you ai n't seen nothin ' yet . '' 
 my hand pulled back then slashed forward , gouging the sharp edges of the broken end of the bottle in and across his distorted , mangled jaw . 
 it tore into his chin repeatedly . 
 teeth bounced onto the floor , and blood flowed more freely than before . 
 i could see the bones of his jaw clearly . 
 flesh hung like shreds of soaked paper . 
 dutch could no longer stand , so i propped him against the bar . 
 what a softy ! 
 i thought of the sadistic plan he had engineered to trap me . 
 i thought of the things that had happened to lola because of it . 
 all i could see was blood . 
 he screamed . 
 loud , wild , unrecognizable screams that only a man suffering the worst of pain could yell . 
 i saw my arm rise up . 
 my hand grabbed his hanging jaw , and with a jolt , yanked it from his face . 
 two crisp snaps sounded from where the bones were once joined . 
 skin and sinew stretched and popped like rubber bands . 
 the upper half of dutch 's body folded onto the bar , quivering , and shaking . 
 he was now in a deep shock . 
 i threw his flesh torn jaw across the bar , and looked at him . 
 his hideous tongue was dangling like a worm on a fishhook . 
 his lower lip , teeth , and chin were gone . 
 the gyrating tongue was the only thing left below his upper teeth . 
 dark red blood spewed from his lacerated face . 
 he just stood there , and stared into my eyes . 
 my stare plowed through his and i spat out , `` dutch , i should have known it was you a long time ago . 
 i should have realized that the only times someone tried to bump me off was when i left this joint . 
 when i came in , you made a call to dragon , and he sent his boys out here to wait for me to leave . 
 i was wondering how they always seemed to know where i was . 
 then there was the time when you were in the back room with dragon . 
 i saw his foot at the door before you pushed him back . 
 he was the only guy i ever saw who wore maroon shoes . 
 but that was n't the big piece of the puzzle that was missing . 
 i went behind the bar the same night , picked up a weird looking bottle that had caught my eye , and smelled it . 
 it smelled like oil . 
 the label read voltesso n something or other . 
 it did n't pop into my brain until today . 
 that was your big mistake . 
 leaving that bottle there cost you your life . '' 
 a large pool of blood was forming on the bar . 
 soon he would be dead from the loss of blood . 
 i had no mercy for this guy . 
 my hand grabbed for another bottle of whiskey , and i crashed the neck against the counter , shattering the top . 
 i yelled , `` did you ever get a cut and have whiskey poured on it ? 
 it puts a sting into your life . 
 you look like you could use something to perk you up . '' 
 the hand that held the broken bottle of booze flicked towards him , and splashed the fluid over his grotesque and torn open face . 
 i could almost see the alcohol eat into his nerves . 
 macabre cries of terrible pain shrieked through the air . 
 his hand covered his mutilated face , and he fell to the floor . 
 the pain was so intense that he started convulsing . 
 it became worse as the alcohol ate deeper and deeper into his raw nerves . 
 i stood there , and watched with a smile from ear to ear . 
 the sounds of sirens resonated from outside . 
 they became louder until they stopped in front of the lounge . 
 shouts echoed through the doors and the crowd outside parted to make a path for the police . 
 as the cops charged in with their pistols drawn , i raised my hands into the air , and put them against the wall . 
 they frisked me , pushed me around , and looked at me as if i was dirt . 
 i did n't care . 
 a smirk was still on my face , and i was satisfied ... too satisfied to get mad . 
 the four cops looked at the mangled body quivering on the floor , and two of them heaved everything , but their intestines out of their mouths . 
 i laughed , not to myself , but out loud . 
 they all heard me , and their faces showed that they did n't like it . 
 the men in blue shoved me through the crowd and into the back of a caged squad car . 
 * * * ch 18 epilogue it 's been six days since i ripped dutch 's face apart . 
 he died the next day , and he died in pain , the way i wanted him to die . 
 i was arrested , spent two days in the slammer , and then released . 
 i had pled self-defense ... dutch attacked me with the broken bottle . 
 the bottle was there as evidence . 
 during the melee i had been cut , and explained how dutch had come at me first . 
 i had just responded to his attack , and happened to come out on top . 
 matt had laid out the entire scenario at the barn to the district attorney 's office , bending the story as appropriate to minimize any charges against me . 
 i ran down the story on the gambling syndicate that dutch headed . 
 then there was the killing of krasinski , the voltesso scam , chiulli 's murder , the bombing at the boxing match , and bankoff 's supposed suicide . 
 i continued with the story on mr. .38 at the red hat , the three goons at my office , the car trying to gun me down in the street , jaguar john being brought in to bump me off , and the trap of the `` bronxville beauty . '' 
 the judge advocate considered the degenerate scumbags involved , and the number of crimes i had just helped them solve . 
 the d.a. looked past the flaws in my story , and gave me a lot of leeway regarding the tale i had spun regarding self-defense . 
 it was clear in his mind that i had just done humanity a favor . 
 the prosecutors decided not to pursue the case , the d.a. accepted my testimony , and i was cut loose of any further charges . 
 lola had spent two days in the hospital , and seemed to be recovering from her physical injuries . 
 knowing that her emotional scars would take longer to heal , i closed shop , and gave her the personal attention she deserved . 
 we vacationed for two weeks . 
 she healed well . 
 some people call me nyc 's most violent private detective . 
 that may be true . 
 i do n't try to be . 
 things happen . 
 i 'm in a `` tough '' business , and survive because i 'm a `` tough '' s.o.b. . 
 some say i 'm a maddog ! 
 * * * about the author tom golabek maddog was initially written in 1967 on a manual typewriter -lrb- remember those relics ? -rrb- 
 while i served in the military in viet-nam . 
 i spent many hours at my battle station , which was a cramped two-man control room of a missile system . 
 the small portable royal typewriter fit snugly on my lap . 
 there were long periods of boredom interspersed with moments of action . 
 during these long periods -lrb- nine months of it -rrb- , maddog was born and completed . 
 once discharged , i sent the manuscript to two n.y.c. book publishers , and received rejections . 
 the manuscript was put on the shelf , where it sat until 1980 . 
 that year , i again found myself in a situation where i had long periods of boredom interspersed with moments of action . 
 in addition , this time i had access to a modern ibm selectra 3 electric typewriter with an `` auto erase '' feature -lrb- no more liquid whiteout -rrb- . 
 maddog was reborn , re-edited , and completed again . 
 i sent the updated manuscript to another publisher , and a literary agent , and received two more rejections . 
 damn ! 
 well , back on the shelf . 
 in 2012 , i 'm playing poker with friends , and one of them showed me the poker book he recently had published . 
 i bent his ear for an hour or two , and my writing juices were flowing again . 
 the third rewrite of maddog was done on a computer -lrb- thank you spell-check , word , etc. -rrb- . 
 it 's been 45 years since i first wrote it ! 
 i had not readily realized many of the changes in society and life that had occurred between 1967 and 2012 until my latest rewrite of maddog . 
 here are a few : no cell phones ; public phone booths and the $ .10 charges to make call ; 8 well drinks at a bar for $ 10 -lrb- tip included -rrb- ; two full 3 course meals & drinks for under & 20 -lrb- tip included -rrb- ; a cab ride for a buck ; tickets at a madison square garden championship fight $ 8 . 
 a pontiac gto ; bottles of ink for pens ; ambulance attendants in white coats instead of rescue trucks manned by emt 's . 
 opening a car door with a key . 
 a nickel parking meter . 
 cars with roll down windows , and cigarette lighters . 
 `` superman '' tv series . 
 using a `` church key '' to open a can of beer . 
 when i was initially writing maddog in 1967 , i tried to envision an actor whom i would have cast to play him . 
 robert mitchum led the field . 
 however , in 2012 , nobody under 65 knows who he was . 
 the more recent nominees would be a younger nick nolte , or mickey rourke . 
 anyone who had read a mickey spillane novel would easily see that he was a major influence in my writing . 
 thanks for many enjoyable hours mickey ! 
 thanks for reading tom hope you enjoyed reading this as much as i enjoyed writing it and finally getting it published after 40 years . 
 and special thanks to amazon for liberating all of us from the tyranny of the traditional publishers * * * toms other books in this series find out more about maddog , and his sidekick . 
 read free chapters of each of his books , find all about maddog 5 . 
 toms pictures for nam , and sign up for his newsletter to keep informed about special pricing and deals . 
 visit toms website at : http://tomgolabek.com/ maddog 2 : maddog is back maddog is a tough as hardtack , brutally violent , and self-righteous character who considers himself judge , jury , and executioner . 
 murdock 's techniques and attitude are sometimes gory , over the top and just plain repulsive . 
 but that 's the appeal . 
 you 'll want to follow him to the very end of each of his violent adventures . 
 the time is 1969 , the place is new york city , and in these concrete canyons , everybody has got an angle . 
 frankie fortuna , the greatest crooner of four decades , calls mike murdock in to help get back his kidnapped granddaughter . 
 full of suspense , the chapters take you through twists and turns that keep you riveted to the pages . 
 murdock is hard boiled , not always on the `` up & up '' , and is n't bashful about hurting people . 
 his colt .45 semi-automatic is always tucked in his shoulder holster , ready for action . 
 he can do , and does , things that police ca n't . 
 you will find it difficult not to turn the pages from start to finish in this sequel . 
 * * * maddog 3 : true justice no clues . 
 no leads . 
 this time it 's personal ! 
 `` maddog '' is gunned down , and left for dead with two slugs in his chest . 
 ride with murdock as he searches for the unknown assailant . 
 `` maddog '' murdock takes you to a dark place of mayhem and murder . 
 from cover to cover , the characters , and the chase , they lead you on , will keep you intrigued . 
 you do n't want to cross this two-fisted private eye . 
 murdock takes you into the underbelly of the `` big apple '' of 1970 . 
 there are scenes of nail-biting action ; very graphic and disturbing scenes of violence , even by today 's standards . 
 what is so amazing about this book is the way the author has woven a complex murder mystery with comic relief . 
 * * * maddog 4 : the monet it 's 1971 and mike `` maddog '' murdock is hired as private security for a transaction of a valuable piece of stolen artwork in a manhattan hotel . 
 things go terribly wrong and it turns into a nightmare . 
 tag along with maddog on a true maze of unpredictable havoc , chaos , bedlam , and maiming that takes you to the seedy , corrupt side of the art world . 
 as he tracks the thugs responsible to miami , he turns it into their nightmare . 
 the case morphs to philadelphia , where more `` bad things '' happen . 
 murdock considers himself to be nyc 's most violent private detective . 
 he deserves the title . 
 thank you for reading my book . 
 i hope you enjoyed it . 
 this was the first one of the maddog series , written over 45 years ago , while i was serving in vietnam . 
 publishing it was impossible until amazon came along ... i have a confession to make . 
 my publisher almost went nuts , because he wanted to promote it . 
 i just wanted to print a hundred books , and give them to all my friends . 
 the same ones who encouraged me to keep trying all those 45 years to get it published . 
 writing is a book it a thrill ! 
 a big surprise was finding how much i like hearing from a reader . 
 it 's almost as rewarding as writing the book . 
 i love to hear from you , i am always looking for beta readers , editors , suggestions , what is you like or do n't like about the characters . 
 leave me a message on my web site . 
 the good amazon has exposed many great authors . 
 the bad so many books makes it difficult to be noticed . 
 the best is when you get more than 10 positive reviews . 
 amazon will start promoting your book . 
 so if you have a few minutes please help amazon discovered me , and leave a review here maddog1 reviews do n't forget . . 
 tell your friends ! 
 google + : https://plus.google.com/110667774213162207021/posts twitter : https://twitter.com/tomgolabek facebook : https://www.facebook.com/tomgolabeck linkedin : http://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?trk=nav_responsive_tab_profile_pic&id=306953345 printerest : http://www.pinterest.com/kamalwriterpubl/boards/ 
