 n diabla meets big ju ju by karl tutt smashwords edition copyright karl tutt 2014 all rights reserved without limiting the copyright reserved above . 
 no part of this publication may be reproduced , stored or introduced into a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means -lrb- electronic , photocopying , recording or otherwise -rrb- without the prior written permission of the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , brands , characters , places , media and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 the author acknowledges the trademark status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which might have been used without permission . 
 the publication use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated or sponsored by the trademark owners . 
 thanks to carolyn and rosalie , my patient readers , and sue , an editor who is generous with her time and attention . 
 diabla meets big ju ju by karl tutt chapter 1 `` wash your car , mister ? '' 
 the speaker was small and very dark . 
 his voice had a childish lilt to it , but he was trying hard to sound like the man he wanted to become . 
 he held a bucket full of sudsy water , and a couple of red rags hung from his back pockets . 
 his eyes danced with a glint that was full of mischief , but had an ancient glow that might become wisdom if he lasted long enough on the streets . 
 ricky looked at him and smiled . 
 `` just washed her , myself . 
 she should be clean . '' 
 `` you don ' look too hard , '' he instructed , `` water spot , streak on de windshield . 
 i make her shine like a caddy xlr shud . 
 i give you deal . 
 full buff for five dollar . 
 take me ten minute at mos ' . '' 
 ricky looked at me and laughed under his breath . 
 `` we 're in no hurry , are we dee ? 
 let 's get a cup of coffee and see if this young gentleman is good for his word . '' 
 `` you no worry about henri . 
 he give you de bes ' bang for de buck you get . 
 you come back , you see you face in de shine . '' 
 ricky crouched and got face to face with the tiny entrepreneur . 
 `` okay henri , i 'm trusting you with my car . 
 you do the job , you get paid . 
 do n't let me down . '' 
 the child beamed . 
 ricky stuck his hand out and the kid shook it with almost too much energy . 
 then he reached deep into his front pocket and pulled out a chamois . 
 he held it up for ricky to inspect . 
 it was worn , but soft and stainless . 
 my partner and i walked down to chico 's and ordered columbian black . 
 `` i used to wash cars when i was kid , '' he said , `` but we worked cheap . 
 a buck apiece and i was damned glad to have it . 
 lucky if i made five a day . '' 
 `` cute kid , '' i said , `` must be haitian . 
 i have n't seen him in the neighborhood before . 
 what ? 
 maybe ten or so ? '' 
 ricky nodded . 
 `` hey , the kid wants to work . 
 let him make an honest dollar . 
 beats hustling weed or shoplifting . 
 if he does a good job , maybe we can find something else for him to do . '' 
 `` you got that right , sir . '' 
 we talked about a few cases we were working on , but overall they were pretty damned boring . 
 nasty divorces , a couple of financial investigations . 
 ricky fuenes and i had partnered up after we were asked politely to turn in our badges . 
 we had our own office with our names on the door . 
 that and four quarters might get you a cup of bad coffee . 
 rod , my former lover , our new junior senator from florida and secret client , had come through with some leads that had proved financially advantageous . 
 in other words , they paid on time . 
 but the lives of the rich and famous just were n't all they were cracked up to be . 
 same petty concerns , same problems as the poor folks , just a little more drama ... and only because they sometimes made the headlines . 
 it was our job to see that did n't happen . 
 if you 're reading this , you probably read about me before . 
 i 'm still dee rabow , the tough detective that the boys at the police precinct nicknamed diabla . 
 it 's spanish for she-devil . 
 i wish i could tell you it was a compliment , but in cop-speak the rough translation is `` bitch . '' 
 at times , it fits quite nicely . 
 we finished our coffee and ambled back to the car . 
 henri was right . 
 the hood was a mirror . 
 ricky could have combed that thick cuban hair in the reflection . 
 the kid stood nearby at attention like a soldier about to be awarded the congressional medal of honor by our president . 
 he did n't open his mouth , but true to his word , the work spoke for him . 
 ricky walked around the cadillac inspecting every inch , oohing and awing at every curve . 
 he pulled out his silver money clip and extracted a crisp ten dollar bill . 
 henri reached , then snapped the paper and shoved it in his pocket . 
 `` for my momma , '' he said with pride . 
 ricky looked at me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` you hungry , henri ? '' 
 `` i be big hungry , '' he said , grinning . 
 we walked a couple of blocks down to the mcdonalds 's on the corner . 
 i had n't eaten at any of the fast food places in ages , but suddenly a big mac and fries was sounding pretty damned good . 
 ricky was proving a master of conversation . 
 the kid 's last name was toussaint . 
 ms. toussaint managed a t-shirt shop just off the beach . 
 had n't seen his dad since they left haiti . 
 his shirt was two sizes too big and his shorts had tiny holes in them , maybe from too many washings . 
 but his close cropped hair was clean and he carried the scent of soap . 
 when we went into the hamburger joint , the first thing he did was wash his hands . 
 he came out of the bathroom with a laugh and a smile that decorated every booth . 
 i 'm usually awfully damned jaded about street kids . 
 they get trapped . 
 too many absent fathers . 
 too many mothers who are too busy or just too damned fucked up to care about the kids they 've brought into this world . 
 they end up in the system . 
 courts , welfare , petty crime , gangs . 
 they 're filled to the brim with pure , unadulterated anger that often turns into violent rage directed at every person and every institution that crosses their paths . 
 we all pay , but the children are ones who suffer the most . 
 no future , no hope , and a lot of them become human detritus . 
 this kid was different . 
 i studied him as we ate . 
 his golden brown eyes flashed within his blue - black skin , but there was nothing malevolent or deceitful in them . 
 he had high cheekbones and full lips . 
 his ten year old body was already that of a little man . 
 i guessed he would become quite handsome as he matured . 
 he talked between bites . 
 `` my momma manage souvenir shop a couple of blocks off de beach . 
 she work hard . 
 i work hard . 
 i make her proud . 
 i not my brother , '' he said . 
 `` what about your brother ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he older . 
 my momma say no talk about him . 
 i do what momma say . 
 we don ' want no trouble with big ju ju . '' 
 he shook his head and attacked the second quarter pounder . 
 ricky and i looked at each other . 
 big ju ju ? 
 henri pronounced it with the french accent on the j 's . 
 so who was this guy and why was he trouble ? 
 i was curious , but what the hell ... it was supposed to be a pleasant lunch , not an interrogation . 
 in the meantime , the kid was all `` please and thank you '' mixed in with love and respect for a mother who obviously cared and was willing to do something about it . 
 it lifted me , and sometimes i need that desperately . 
 ricky was obviously overwhelmed . 
 he sucked up the food -- and henri -- like a man who had n't had a meal this satisfying in eons . 
 when we were finished , henri hugged ricky . 
 then the little cavalier took my hand like an aspiring sir walter raleigh , and kissed it gently . 
 how the hell can you resist that ? 
 we told him to come back . 
 there would be more work , and more hamburgers . 
 chapter 2 ricky and i sauntered back up to the office . 
 the sky was a sweet loving blue . 
 the birds were singing their own song of joy and the sun was shining in our own special universe . 
 why not ? 
 we were madly in love . 
 no , no . 
 hold it ... you got it all wrong . 
 not that . 
 not with each other ... okay ... ricky first . 
 he came into the office a few weeks back looking beat and gray . 
 with that great cuban skin , ricky does n't get circles under his eyes , but this time he had craters . 
 i figured it was another long one-nighter for mr. latin dynamite . 
 beautiful ladies with boundless energy ... just the type he likes . 
 he comes in like that occasionally , but his recovery time is short and quite remarkable . 
 it was different this time . 
 the next morning , same look . 
 then it hit me . 
 he was n't just tired . 
 it was more like moon struck . 
 he was quiet and he spent what seemed like hours staring out the window and smiling to himself . 
 when i asked him about lunch , he simply said , `` i have plans . '' 
 i knew it might be too soon , but it looked like the hook was digging in deep . 
 when i met her , i knew why . 
 if he was latin dynamite , she was an easy match , a cuban dream . 
 her face was the model for a combination of beyonce and penelope cruz . 
 the skin shown like polished bronze . 
 her raven hair swung about her head like black silk . 
 and the body ... way beyond wow . 
 at first , i figured -- oh my god -- another one of ricky 's air-headed bimbos . 
 well , this bimbo was a cpa , a senior partner in the firm and the co-author of three textbooks on personal tax filing that were in use at fsu , uf , ucf , and all of the other major universities in florida . 
 she had a penthouse on atlantic ave. and skirted around town in a new mercedes e-class cabriolet ... red with a black convertible top , no less . 
 still , none of that meant i had to like her . 
 ricky decided we all had to have dinner together ... on him . 
 my first reaction was `` yuck , '' then i thought , `` such a deal on the food , '' but i still was n't sure about the company . 
 he insisted on casablanca , a newer place on alhambra , close to the beach . 
 expensive and elegant . 
 the maître d’ was all decked out in a black silk jacket and matching bow tie , the whole shebang . 
 as we walked to our table in the back , a quiet fell over the dining room . 
 i got ta tell you that i 've had my share of oglers in my day . 
 when i wear that short red dress with the plunging neckline and black stilettos , i can shake my silky blond curls and the guys will choke on their gazpacho . 
 but tonight they were n't even giving me a second look . 
 all eyes were glued on one evelyn santiago . 
 she wore a black cocktail dress ; sexy , but elegant , with a stand of natural pearls gleaming casually at her neck . 
 her glossy black hair looked like an ad for shampoo from the pages of vogue . 
 she moved like a female panther , silent and measured , but with unimpeachable grace and dignity . 
 a couple of the guys had to wipe the drool off their chins . 
 we were seated . 
 ricky ordered a bottle of dom pernignon like he owned the place . 
 i almost choked . 
 she placed her hand gently on my arm and smiled . 
 she squeezed warmly and spoke . 
 `` ricky has told me so much about you . 
 you sound like a clone between wonderwoman and grace kelly . 
 i 'm not sure i can compete . '' 
 it should have sounded like catty bullshit , but her girlish laugh and warm smile gave it a serious authenticity that hung in the air . 
 we talked while ricky mostly just listened . 
 it was normal girl stuff , but no name dropping or one-upmanship . 
 it just flowed like a peaceful river deep in the woods . 
 we also laughed a lot while ricky beamed and nodded . 
 i felt like a first class ass . 
 i had no choice . 
 i had to like her . 
 she was absolutely delightful , charming , funny , unpretentious . 
 her smile and her laugh simply nestled into you and slowly set you on fire . 
 we had snifters of cognac after dinner . 
 the whole evening just continued to get better . 
 i decided it might be appropriate to take a cab to the boat in case the love birds wanted to nest in the darkness . 
 now i guess you 're wondering about me and my sterling . 
 i know . 
 it makes me want to puke , too . 
 but that 's his name , sterling major . 
 it 's hard for me to get it out of my mouth , so i just call him s most of the time . 
 anyway ... more about him later . 
 chapter 3 back to the office the next morning and more boring cases . 
 florida congressman x had had a close encounter with a young man under age in a bathroom at a park near the beach . 
 ricky and i were in charge of damage control . 
 ms. z suspected her husband , the noted fort lauderdale developer , was conducting liaisons with a lady of questionable virtue . 
 we were investigating , ever so discreetly . 
 the most interesting case -- and that , in itself , is a stretch -- involved embezzlement by a partner in one of a chain of high profile car dealerships in south florida . 
 and by the way ... he just happened to be one of the more generous contributors to rod 's campaign for senator . 
 hey ... mostly bullshit , but all in a day 's work and the checks were coming in regularly . 
 i watched over the next few weeks as ricky acted more and more like a lovesick bull . 
 evelyn had simply blown him away . 
 it was actually quite endearing . 
 my cuban adonis , a hall of fame lady killer , in the deep quicksand of passion ... and with only one woman this time . 
 she had been by the office a couple of times and from the glow , she was in right alongside him . 
 i was expecting don juan to be shelling out for a diamond if this went on much longer . 
 in the meantime , henri had caught us several times . 
 p.t barnum said , `` never give a sucker an even break . '' 
 and we wuz them . 
 the kid was simply a whiz . 
 he was very bright and his affection and respect for his mother just made you want to hug him until his golden eyes popped . 
 he always did a beautiful number on ricky 's caddy and he always ate two quarter pounders , large fries and slurped down a monster coke at lunch . 
 i was dying to meet his mother . 
 i wanted to tell her she was raising the first haitian president of the u.s. i decided the next time he showed up , i would get the address of the souvenir shop she managed . 
 sure enough , when friday came , so did henri . 
 we waved at him as we approached . 
 as we got closer , his smile seemed a bit off kilter . 
 `` is henri limping ? '' 
 ricky asked . 
 he was . 
 there was cut just above his eye and the blood had hardened to create a nasty welt . 
 there were scabs on his elbows and knees and his lower lip was visibly swollen . 
 `` henri , did you fall off your bike ? '' 
 he looked down at the pavement and shook his head slowly . 
 i thought for a moment the tears would escape , but he rolled his shoulders and gritted his teeth . 
 ricky bent down and gently placed his hand under the boy 's chin . 
 he looked into henri 's eyes . 
 the wounds were even worse up close . 
 `` so what is it , henri ? 
 you been fighting ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i mean sort of ... '' `` come on henri . 
 this is ricky . 
 you , me , dee . 
 we 're compadres . 
 you can trust me . 
 what do you mean ` sort of ... ? '' 
 henri took a moment to decide , then he looked at ricky and spoke , `` dey jump me . 
 de ju ju d 's . 
 `` and who are these guys ? '' 
 `` dey run with big ju ju . 
 call him bijet for short . 
 he tell them what to do . 
 dey want me join dem . 
 i be a member of de gang . 
 i do what dey say . 
 i tol ' dem no . 
 dat 's what happen to my brother . 
 momma say no more . 
 her heart can not be broken again . 
 she love me . 
 i love her . 
 i no see her hurt like de las time . '' 
 `` okay , henri . 
 forget the car today . 
 dee and i are awfully hungry . 
 i think we all ought to go eat . 
 you can talk if you want to , but if not we 'll just scarf up some burgers . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 `` i love you , ricky . 
 you like my papa . 
 you too , dee . 
 i eat wid you . '' 
 i was n't sure whether ricky was going to dance or cry . 
 he put his arm around the kid and squeezed . 
 the kid squeezed back . 
 hell , even diabla , the scar worn she-devil , was getting a little misty . 
 henri did n't say much at lunch , but i did get the address of the shop his mom managed . 
 it was on seabreeze , a block or so off of the beach . 
 no more waiting . 
 now i was definitely going to pay a friendly little visit . 
 ricky and i talked after lunch . 
 he does n't get mad very often , but this time he was seriously pissed off . 
 in his mind and his heart , he had adopted the dark little waif . 
 say what you want , but the kid had character and was already developing a deep sense of honor . 
 unfortunately those two commodities are getting all too rare as technology and general nastiness devour us all . 
 ricky wanted to go to see henri 's mom with me , but i pulled the female card on him . 
 i honestly thought she might be intimidated by two of us . 
 he was n't too rational right now and that was a little scary . 
 i 'd seen him blowup before and i did n't want to see it again if i had the choice . 
 `` come on , ricky . 
 admit that ms. toussaint will probably be more forthcoming with another woman . 
 besides , you get kind of crazy when you 're pissed , which you definitely are . 
 and you do n't always control it very well . '' 
 his gave me a whole body scowl , but reluctantly agreed . 
 i promised i would report in as soon as i had talked to her . 
 it was only 2:15 , and i thought i might be able to catch her in the lull after lunch . 
 ricky went back to the office to shuffle papers and cover the phones . 
 i piled into my old focus and made for the beach . 
 chapter 4 the shop was easy enough to spot . 
 red , green and black in huge swaths across the front with rasta luv painted in huge letters above the door . 
 i parked and crossed the street . 
 i could see her from the open door , straightening piles of t-shirts and positioning objects on the counters like a mother hen . 
 she was a little startled when i walked in . 
 i 'm damned sure not a teenager and i do n't think i 'd remind you much of a rastafarian , either . 
 she was small and pert , her hair cut in a close afro . 
 she wore a gleaming white starched t-shirt emblazoned with rasta luv in bold letters . 
 underneath it was a phrase that read `` de best dere is . '' 
 the slacks were black denim , and on her small feet , a pair of matching crocs . 
 her lipstick , nails , and toes were done up in in a raspberry red . 
 i quickly surveyed the shop . 
 a varied collection of the stuff you 'd see in any beach setting , although there was a noticeable lack of shirts with the crude sayings that some of the kids are so fond of . 
 i knew she was haitian , but the music and the motif had a definite bob marley vibe . 
 she came over and smiled warmly . 
 oh boy , a chance to try out my high school french . 
 `` bonjour , mademoiselle . 
 comment ca va ? '' 
 she grinned like a satisfied tabby cat . 
 `` ah , si vous parlez la francaise ? '' 
 `` je suis tres desole . 
 ma francaise is tres mal . 
 je parle une petite . '' 
 i held up my hand and squeezed my fingers together to indicate my obvious inadequacy . 
 nevertheless , the corners of her mouth went up and she laughed almost girlishly . 
 her eyes told me where henri had gotten that golden glow . 
 `` then it is english . 
 may i help you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her pronunciation and inflection were perfect . 
 she stopped and stared for a moment . 
 i could see her forming the recognition . 
 `` wait . 
 i know who you are . 
 you are dee , and ricky is your partner . 
 you have been very kind to my henri . 
 he speaks of you both constantly . 
 i am grateful . '' 
 her english was flawless , but the hint of musical patois they speak in haiti lay in every word . 
 `` henri is a wonderful kid . 
 you 've done quite a job of raising him . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 it is often difficult . 
 i work many hours and his father is absent . '' 
 `` ms. toussaint ... '' she interrupted , `` please call me grace . '' 
 i nodded and bowed slightly . 
 `` grace . 
 ricky and i are concerned about henri . 
 we saw the results of the beating he took . 
 ju ju d 's . 
 that 's what he said . 
 he also referred to a man they call bijet . 
 can you tell me a bit more ? '' 
 her eyes darted around the shop and into the street . 
 it seemed empty . 
 `` i am sorry , '' she said , `` they are always watching . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` ms. rabow , this is not your business . 
 i do not wish to be rude , but there are many things you do not know . 
 i appreciate your concern , but your involvement is not needed , nor is it prudent . 
 i must keep my boy safe . '' 
 `` i understand your love for henri . 
 what you must understand is that the boy 's safety is our foremost concern . 
 we do n't wish to interfere , but there may be something we can do . 
 without more information , we are helpless . 
 please ... if there is anything you can provide us , we may be able to protect him . '' 
 her eyes shot around the area once more . 
 she briefly placed her hand to her chest and inhaled deeply . 
 she looked me over again , testing me quietly in her mind . 
 `` i will talk to you , but not here . 
 l’enfant dulce . 
 it is a restaurant owned by my cousin . 
 we will be secure . 
 i can meet you there at 9:30 tomorrow evening . '' 
 `` i would like to meet with you and i would like to bring ricky . 
 he loves your boy as he would a little brother , even perhaps a son . '' 
 she quickly raised one dark finger , put it to her lips , and nodded . 
 `` buy a shirt in case they are here . 
 then you must leave . '' 
 i picked out a sky blue shirt , extra large , with the store logo and paid for it in cash . 
 the sun hammered into the window of the focus . 
 the sweat formed on my forehead in an instant . 
 i did n't know a damned thing , but at least we had an avenue that might lead us to something useful . 
 i went back by the office , but ricky was n't there . 
 i checked the messages , nothing . 
 i had n't seen my old pal bugsy in a few days . 
 a cocktail just might be appropriate before the hot date that awaited me this evening . 
 i parked the dusty focus in the lot and went into the bar . 
 it was pretty quiet , a few locals at tables in the back laughing and talking about the latest dolphins ' game fiasco . 
 some were arguing that a playoff was in the offing , while others insisted that tannehill would never be able to step up . 
 everyone wanted another marino , but i did n't think that was likely . 
 i took a stool at the end of the bar and nodded at bugsy . 
 he limped over with a double of evan williams and a water chaser . 
 `` i been missin ' you , dee . 
 you gettin ' too classy for old bugsy ? '' 
 `` that 's not going to happen . '' 
 in another life , bugsy had been deeply involved with some of the royalty of fort lauderdale mobsters . 
 i had met him when he was a pimp with a string of girls that actually respected him . 
 he had been more like a daddy ... using them , yes ... but protecting them from the bad dope and the legion of creeps that enjoyed their services . 
 the bar was his retirement , hastened by a close encounter with a baseball bat after one of the big boys demanded a takeover . 
 `` so bugsy , can i ask a couple of questions ? '' 
 `` sure , dee ... but only if i do n't have to answer them . '' 
 `` ju ju d 's . 
 ring any bells ? '' 
 the color instantly drained from his face . 
 he leaned over the bar and scanned the tables . 
 his voice was almost a whisper . 
 `` gang . 
 badass motherfuckers . 
 extremely violent . 
 got their filthy mitts in half the shit operations in the city . 
 drugs , guns , prostitution , all kinds of petty crimes . 
 heavy into the war tax . 
 you do n't want to know any more . 
 do n't want to fuck with them , dee . 
 it 's very unhealthy . '' 
 `` so what is this war tax ? '' 
 `` it 's like fire insurance . 
 you make the payments , you do n't get no fire . 
 no payment ... well , baby , that 's an accident waitin ' to happen . '' 
 `` so it 's a protection racket ? 
 you pay it ? '' 
 `` you did n't hear me say that . '' 
 `` what about some character they call big ju ju or bijet ? '' 
 `` yeah , dee . 
 he 's the real thing . 
 very scary cat . 
 the toughs all answer to him . 
 they 're freaked . 
 think he has some powerful mojo . 
 like some voodoo character . 
 he kiss you , you die . '' 
 a young couple walked in the door and sat at the bar . 
 bugsy gave me a `` that 's enough '' stare and hobbled toward them . 
 i nursed the evan williams , mixing it with sips of the cool , clean water . 
 there was too much going on and besides , i had a date with my dreamboat . 
 he was picking me up early . 
 `` get gorgeous , but pack an overnight bag , strictly casual . 
 you 'll be back by noon , '' he told me . 
 chapter 5 i finished my evan and made for the boat . 
 i wanted plenty of time to get beautiful ... and sexy . 
 i pulled out that red dress i told you about . 
 i could still fill it out nicely . 
 very hot shower . 
 lots of stuff that smelled real girly . 
 i might have gone a bit overboard with the makeup , but hey , it was to be a super classy evening . 
 i slipped on the stilettos and checked myself in the mirror . 
 if he did n't like this package , he had gone over to the dark side and , based on our last midnight encounter , i did n't think that was likely . 
 at 4:30 , i heard a knock on the hull . 
 he stood on the dock in all of his macho splendor ; beige silk slacks , a stunning white polo and a black linen sport coat , $ 700 alligators on his feet . 
 his thick blond locks dropped casually over one ice blue eye . 
 every inch of his muscular 6 '' 4 ' frame dazzled in its own special way . 
 `` come on . 
 we have to hurry to catch the plane . 
 and by the way , you look absolutely spectacular . '' 
 i handed him my overnight and padded off great gesture barefoot . 
 i slipped on the stilettoes at the end of the dock . 
 he held the door to the jag for me and we were off . 
 `` so what 's this airport stuff . '' 
 `` just be patient . 
 it 's a surprise . 
 dinner with a couple of clients , but plenty of time for other types of recreation . '' 
 i hoped i knew what kind of recreation he was talking about . 
 it was a small cessna . 
 we were in the air in minutes and in less than an hour , we landed at the marsh harbor airport on great abaco . 
 a black jeep was waiting for us on the runway . 
 we had a quick visit with a burly customs agent . 
 then the driver whisked us over to harbour view marina where we boarded rumdum , the hinckley jet boat they use as a taxi . 
 the captain raced us over the flat water to baker 's bay . 
 i 'd heard about the place , but i 'd never been there . 
 exclusive resort on great guana cay . 
 it faces the atlantic ocean to the east and the sea of abaco to the west . 
 the only way to get there is by boat . 
 lots for six mil , and that does n't include the requisite mansion . 
 lots of european investors and celebrities who treasure their privacy . 
 just the place for a disreputable private eye with a decidedly shady past . 
 oh yeah ... that would be me . 
 a uniformed dockhand in starched whites gathered the lines and the small cases of luggage . 
 s handed him a twenty . 
 he gave my gallant escort a robust smile and a sincere `` thank you . '' 
 the restaurant was quiet and elegant , ivory linen tablecloths and waiters in burgundy waistcoats with towels draped over their arms . 
 our table overlooked the crystal bahamian depths . 
 the sun was low in the western sky and the blue green was flecked with ripples of diamonds and gold . 
 sterling ordered a couple of bottles of some ridiculously expensive champagne i 'd never heard of . 
 our server had barely poured us a glass when two enormous men approached our table . 
 as they came closer , i recognized ` big trip ' jones and davon ` the skyhawk ' alton , two of the cogs in that last miami heat championship . 
 sterling never talked much about his business . 
 i knew he was a sports agent , but i did n't know he had clients like this . 
 training camp was about to begin . 
 they discussed the prospects for another trip to the nba finals and the two giants kidded each other . 
 they 'd been rivals in college at duke and north carolina . 
 it was all too cool . 
 these guys obviously liked each other and definitely trusted sterling . 
 the champagne went down all too easy . 
 i was getting a little woozy when they got up to catch the jet boat back to harbor view . 
 sterling signed the check , then cradled my hand and smiled . 
 a driver in a golf cart took us to a private condominium . 
 it was decked out in bahamian chic with a deck overlooking the quiet atlantic . 
 we talked for a couple of hours , mostly about nothing . 
 a gentle touch here and there , but nothing too heavy . 
 i ca n't tell you what happened next in a family publication , only that it was rated triple x . 
 when it was over , there was no part of my being that had n't been explored by his tongue . 
 he could say the same for me . 
 but this was only part of why i was in love . 
 it was quiet , but intense ... and it was real . 
 i was hooked . 
 i believed he was , too ... and i did n't see any way it would change any time soon . 
 the next morning came way too quickly . 
 we showered together and had a final meeting of minds , spirits , and bodies . 
 then it was back to the airport and ultimately , the grind . 
 s kept his word . 
 we were back at noon . 
 i went to the boat and changed into a pair of navy slacks and a willowy white top with a blue blazer . 
 it was time for business and mine was protecting a boy with a mother who adored him and no father to nurture him and teach him to be a man . 
 chapter 6 ricky was on the phone when i came in . 
 he waved disgustedly and went on talking . 
 ms. k suspected her husband had been hiding funds in off shore accounts so that their divorce settlement would n't bankrupt him . 
 she was sure he was going to marry that damned stripper as soon as their divorce was final . 
 and what about her poor children ? 
 i figured each of them would have seven figures in their trust accounts when they turned 21 . 
 let me just say , it did n't make me weep . 
 still , she was our client and business is business . 
 when he hung up , he feigned putting his finger down his throat and gave me a phony gag . 
 `` so what 's up ? '' 
 i told him about my visit with ms. toussaint , the ju ju d 's and bijet , the additional insight i received from bugsy . 
 he listened quietly , but i watched his hand slowly became a fist . 
 he slammed it down on the desk . 
 his jaws locked and the pearly white teeth settled in a threatening grimace . 
 `` those bastards want to fuck with henri , they 're gon na have to fuck with me . 
 he 's our kid . 
 in some ways they all are . 
 we ca n't let him drown . 
 maybe we can hold on to this one . '' 
 we agreed that ricky would pick me up at nine so we could make our date with grace at l’enfant dulce . 
 the street was dark and dirty . 
 we found a parking place just across from the place . 
 the streetlight was burning , but i wondered if the caddy would be the same when we came out . 
 we walked into a warm glow . 
 a few patrons turned to look as we came in and there was a slight murmur . 
 instantly , i recognized that we were the only `` white '' faces in the restaurant . 
 a coal black man in a tan embroidered gyuayabera warmly at us and bowed at the waist `` she wait for you in de back . '' 
 he led us to an alcove with a round table covered in butcher paper . 
 grace sat , dressed in much the same attire i had seen the day before . 
 she smiled and held her hand out to ricky . 
 `` thank you , '' she said with a bit of pride and a healthy dose of gratitude . 
 ricky and i both ordered a glass of the house version of sangria . 
 it was thick with fruit and sumptuous . 
 l’enfant dulce was immaculately clean . 
 the wait staff was decked out in matching t-shirts and jeans . 
 the silverware gleamed and the glasses were clear and spotless . 
 everyone hustled from one place to another . 
 it was an efficient operation and the smells coming out of the kitchen made promises i hoped they would be able to keep . 
 ricky spoke first . 
 his tone was formal , but firm , and tinged with a bit of old fashioned love . 
 `` it is an honor to meet the mother of such a fine young man . '' 
 she lowered her head in a decidedly courtesan nod . 
 `` he is my boy . '' 
 `` so he is . 
 i do n't want to be presumptuous , but he has become our boy as well . 
 it grieves me to see him hurt and threatened . 
 i know you are doing everything you can to help him become a man , but there comes a point where you must consider assistance . 
 we care for henri . 
 we can not stand by and have him bullied or led into a life that will ultimately destroy him . '' 
 she was silent . 
 i could feel her weighing our commitment , trying to decide if she could really trust us . 
 she focused first on the eyes of ricky , then panned to mine . 
 after a long pause , she pursed her lips and spoke . 
 `` i see good things in you . 
 you want my boy to prosper . 
 i will trust you . 
 i have lost one son . 
 i can not lose another . '' 
 it was my turn to speak . 
 `` thank you , grace . 
 i know it is painful , but i must ask what happened to henri 's brother . '' 
 `` jacques was a good boy . 
 ten years older than henri . 
 seventeen when he passed . 
 henri adored him , followed him like a little black puppy . 
 at twelve , jacques began to bring boys to the apartment . 
 they scared me . 
 they were loud , often crude and they had things and wore things that honest people in our neighborhood could not afford . 
 when i questioned jacques of this , he grew silent . 
 he came in one day with an iphone . 
 i had not bought it for him . 
 he claimed he had found it in a park . 
 i always taught my boys to be truthful with their mother . 
 he was not . 
 then i began to hear talk of the ju ju disciples . '' 
 `` exactly who are these ju ju disciples ? '' 
 ricky asked . 
 `` they started as just a bunch of boys who sat on the stoops in the neighborhood , laughing and making rough jokes . 
 but one among them began to rise . 
 bijet , a nickname for big ju ju . 
 it is said that his grandmother was a witch . 
 that she taught him of the black arts . 
 he wears this crazy makeup and a silk top hat . 
 he has frightened many and gained power . 
 more have joined . 
 soon there was stealing ... little things at first , a bicycle , a cd , some minor shoplifting . 
 but it grew . 
 then came the guns , the drugs and the women who sell themselves . 
 there was some violence . 
 soon we all began to fear them . 
 one dark day , i had to admit that my son was one of them . '' 
 `` did anyone go to the police ? '' 
 `` an older lady , claire . 
 i knew her for years . 
 she worked as a hospital aide . 
 a very fine woman , wise and highly respected throughout our community . 
 she decided she must speak . 
 they found her body a week later . 
 she had died in her bed , ravaged by the mondatti . 
 the kiss of death . '' 
 ricky looked at her quizzically . 
 `` so the gang ? 
 she was not assaulted ? 
 this mondatti killed her ? 
 how does it work ? '' 
 `` you cross bijet . 
 he does not beat you , nor shoot you . 
 he does not stab you with the knife . 
 he places his lips on yours and your body and soul are invaded by something much older and much more horrible . 
 it is slow , and painful . 
 your loved ones can only watch and wait for you to die . 
 once the mondatti is within you , there is no need of a doctor ... only an undertaker . '' 
 i wanted to be respectful , but the story sounded too much like one of those bad horror movies i grew up on . 
 i remembered john carradine and boris karloff in the thirties horror movie `` the house of frankenstein . '' 
 when they were around there was always black magic , mysterious disappearances and unscheduled deaths . 
 i could n't get enough of them . 
 maybe that 's why i became a detective , not to mention a bit of a weirdo . 
 `` so what happened to jacques ? '' 
 ricky asked . 
 `` the ju ju d 's tell me i must pay the war tax . 
 jacques says no . 
 he is one of them , but still he protects his mother . 
 the good in him was not completely gone . 
 bijet ordered him to obey . 
 when he did n't , he received the kiss . 
 i watched him while the fever rose , held his hand as he vomited the blood and moaned like a dog on the side of the highway . 
 his skin was very dark , but a sickly yellow appeared from beneath the surface . 
 the yellow faded and was consumed by a gray like the color of soft clay . 
 i tried everything . 
 i prayed . 
 i begged . 
 i called the doctor . 
 i even paid the tax , but the mondatti had its way . 
 in the end , i cried . 
 henri saw it all . '' 
 now she wept again . 
 we had n't even ordered yet , but it was time to go . 
 the last image was of her cousin sitting with his arm around grace , patting her back like a child and whispering softly into her ear . 
 chapter 7 i found a piece of two-day old pizza in the fridge next to some wilted lettuce . 
 what the hell ? 
 it looked like dinner to me . 
 i poured a glass of cabernet and pulled out `` old trusty '' , my dog-eared spiral notebook . 
 no `` orange is the new black '' tonight . 
 i made notes in a hasty scrawl . 
 i had to meet this bijet , or at least see what he looked like . 
 we had to protect henri , no matter the time or cost . 
 grace was right . 
 she could n't lose another son . 
 this `` kiss of death '' puzzled me . 
 was the mondatti a real disease or was it some sort of curse , a psychological doll with pins stuck in it ? 
 i googled it , but it did n't exist as far as the internet was concerned . 
 so far we only knew what bugsy had said and grace 's tale of jacques ' rebellion and suffering . 
 two things were certain . 
 the teenage boy was dead and the next victim might be his baby brother . 
 the next morning i decided to contact dr. paul galliano . 
 he was a friend of my dad from the old lake norman days , a retired medical examiner now on the faculty at fau in boca raton . 
 his knowledge of pathology and current diseases that lay outside the norm was esoteric and legendary . 
 we often consulted him when i was with the fort lauderdale pd . 
 he was the `` go to guy '' when our experts were simply baffled . 
 i phoned captain sullivan and he gave me the doc 's private number . 
 i called the good physician and asked if ricky and i could come by his office on campus . 
 he remembered me and put us down for a 3:30 appointment . 
 we arrived about thirty minutes early and parked in the visitors ' lot . 
 we saw some kids playing frisbee on the lawn . 
 they were taunting each other playfully and flipping the disc like a red flying saucer . 
 a couple of fresh , beautiful young girls sat on a blanket with their books propped open . 
 they giggled and talked much more than they studied . 
 i am always a bit awestruck by a college campus . 
 there is a sense of peace and order that just does n't match the world outside its borders . 
 the kids exist in an enclave that is safe , a place they can grow , and hopefully prosper , without the taint , and sometimes the horror of reality . 
 it always creates a longing in me . 
 unfortunately , my flirtations with innocence are mia . 
 that is definitely missing in action . 
 dr. galliano 's office was on the third floor of a stately brick building that i 'm sure the alumni were still paying for . 
 his door was closed , but when ricky knocked , a quiet `` do come in '' followed . 
 the room was small , but warm . 
 the left wall was all book shelves , the spines displaying the titles . 
 i noticed everything was in alphabetical order by author . 
 it was n't exactly your new york times best seller list . 
 the doctor as a mechanic , epidemics of the 19th century and identifying diseases through simple observation . 
 there were hundreds of them , nothing you 'd choose for a lazy afternoon at the beach . 
 but that was why we were here . 
 he looked very much the professor , thinning gray hair , a bit longer at the temples . 
 he had a pair of reading glasses hanging from his neck , draped over the lapels of a brown corduroy coat with patches at the elbows . 
 no tie . 
 his blue shirt was open at the neck and slightly wrinkled . 
 a bit of academic paunch was wedged against the desk . 
 it was almost a little too much uniform , but it seemed to go quite well with the décor . 
 there was a sort of ragged kindness in his face and his blue eyes held a hint of gold dust . 
 `` detective rabow , welcome . 
 i remember you well and your partner mr. fuenes . 
 i hope your current endeavors are proving fruitful . 
 please , sit down . '' 
 his voice was soothing like an ancient river . 
 `` thank you , dr. galliano . 
 we do n't want to take too much of your time , but we are trying to save the life of a boy . '' 
 he put his hands together , forming a spindly steeple which rested on his lips . 
 `` tell me , '' he said quietly . 
 i left out some of the details that might be incriminating , but focused on the disease , if that 's what it was . 
 `` so are you familiar with this mondatti ? '' 
 `` african diseases go by many names . 
 folklore , magic , psychological phenomena , and legitimate viral infections are closely intertwined . 
 the shaman , or witch doctor , if you will , is powerful in many unsophisticated societies . 
 certainly , if one believes he is ill , he is quite correct . 
 man often has the power within him to live or to die . 
 it is a function of his will , and sometimes his superstitions . '' 
 `` according to his mother , jacques was undoubtedly ill . 
 but the sickness could n't be identified , only the vaguest of symptoms , no treatment , no origin except this so-called `` kiss of death . '' 
 he leaned back in his chair and swiveled to the window . 
 i could still see the frisbee flying back and forth between the energetic students . 
 no words from him . 
 i thought for a moment that the interview had concluded . 
 then the base of the chair squeaked as he swiveled back toward us . 
 `` of course , i can only speculate without tests and examinations that the circumstances prevent me from performing . 
 but your tale has a certain currency to it . 
 i am sure you are familiar with the outbreak of ebola that has afflicted countries on the african continent . 
 it is quite serious , perhaps more so than we in north america can fathom at this time . 
 the disease is passed from host to victim through the exchange of bodily fluids . 
 this can happen through open wounds , through sex , even through something that may seem as harmless as a kiss . 
 many have died , some even in this country . 
 to date , there have been no carriers of this disease who , having transmitted it , escape its deadly conclusion . 
 it is possible that you have found one . '' 
 at first , it did n't quite register . 
 i quickly ran the facts through my mind , still hesitating . 
 i was n't sure any of it made sense , but this was not a time to dismiss any possibilities . 
 the scenario had a certain ring of credibility that i could n't deny and this man was the expert . 
 i looked at ricky . 
 he was still digesting the things we knew , and things we might suspect . 
 `` thank you , doctor . 
 you have been very generous with your time . '' 
 `` it is certainly my pleasure . 
 if you come into any hard information , i would appreciate the opportunity to investigate this matter further . '' 
 he rose and shook my hand , then ricky 's . 
 we caught the elevator down , with little knowledge of what we did -- or did n't -- have . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 maybe the uncertainty was hammering me , but i was exhausted , and the idea of henri in real danger gnawed at me . 
 ricky was meeting evelyn for drinks and dinner . 
 actually , i was glad i was n't invited . 
 i went back to cooley 's and slinked into the v berth . 
 sleep came quickly . 
 i did n't dream . 
 chapter 8 we spent the morning at the office sorting through bullshit that we had to pretend was important . 
 and i guess it was ... at least to our landlord and our clients . 
 the fine young lad our congressman x had seduced in the men 's room at the park had decided his memory would probably fade when the check had cleared the bank . 
 it was clearly blackmail and i wondered if our honorable had been set up . 
 ricky advised a visit with the police , but x figured that was a bad career move . 
 `` just fix it . '' 
 that had been his wise instruction . 
 what the hell ? 
 we could do it . 
 ms. z was totally confident the she had her `` no-good , rotten , dick waving , sonovabitch husband '' by the balls . 
 she probably did . 
 if i were him , i 'd be booking a red-eye flight to venezuela . 
 anyway , it was your typical charming and rewarding morning for a couple of low-life gumshoes . 
 things brightened up considerably around eleven . 
 i heard the door creak and evelyn came prancing in , looking like the dark haired answer to faye dunaway in `` the thomas crown affair . '' 
 come to think of it , ricky would n't make a bad cuban version of steve mcqueen . 
 she shot me a radiant smile and shook her head . 
 `` even numbers crunchers have to eat . 
 today it 's mexican . 
 come on , dee . 
 you 'll love it . '' 
 hey , that was an offer a starving pi could n't refuse . 
 we got to the cantina early . 
 there were n't many people , yet . 
 i debated a little libation , but it was n't much of a debate . 
 even a poor girl needs to reward herself sometimes . 
 `` large margarita , cuervo gold , with salt , por favor . '' 
 ricky and evelyn went for the iced tea . 
 how boring . 
 i watched them while i inhaled half a bowl of homemade chips , complete with two types of salsa , roja and verde . 
 i wanted to be fair , so i alternated . 
 the margarita was the perfect combination of sweet and tangy , a nice thick slice of lime , and the boys in the back were damned generous with the cuervo . 
 in the meanwhile , ricky and evelyn offered the classic description of head over heels in love . 
 they cooed , they pawed , they grinned , they swayed , and laughed at little inside jokes . 
 it was like a bad romance novel , but it got me . 
 they really were simply beautiful together . 
 it was n't until the food arrived that they got their hands off each other and we settled into serious business . 
 finally , the conversation got interesting . 
 evelyn already knew about the thing with henri . 
 no problem . 
 if ricky trusted her , i had to . 
 besides , she had a mind like a razor and her heart was just where it ought to be . 
 i filled in a few gaps that ricky had left hanging . 
 i could hear the wheels grinding . 
 her face darkened a bit and her words were analytical and direct . 
 her voice carried a depth of conviction i had to respect . 
 `` so this bijet is a kind of ghost , albeit a very powerful one . 
 your dr. galliano makes some interesting observations . 
 big ju ju is not to be underestimated , first because of the devotion of his followers and secondly because he is in possession of something that may be very dangerous and very real . 
 caution must be a by-word . 
 nevertheless , this ghost must have a face , one that we recognize and one that can warn us . 
 we must know when he is near and when the tendrils of the terror he inspires reach for us . '' 
 respectful is a term i seldom use when referring to ricky . 
 he would have made a great modern henry david thoreau . 
 rage against the establishment and all that noble shit , but he doted on evelyn 's every phrase . 
 so did i . 
 she simply made sense . 
 i do n't know why i was surprised , but i decided there was probably much more i did n't know about her . 
 `` okay , '' i said , `` i 'll check with bugsy . 
 see when the ju ju d 's come by to collect the war tax . 
 if we 're lucky , bijet will be in attendance . 
 at least i can get a look at him . 
 give the enemy a face that might provide us with some focus . '' 
 ricky spoke up , `` i think it 's something we got ta do . '' 
 `` yeah , well forget the ` we ' shit , kimosabe . '' 
 `` sorry , dee , i 'm going . '' 
 `` bad idea , ricky . 
 one harmless chick , no problem . 
 a macho dude with your attitude will definitely attract attention . 
 this has become too personal for you . 
 bad equation . '' 
 `` i love you , dee . 
 that 's why i can tell you to go fuck yourself . 
 i 'm on it . 
 get used to it . '' 
 evelyn was silent . 
 the woman was obviously smart enough to know when to shut up . 
 another point in her favor . 
 ricky and evelyn had some errands to run after lunch . 
 to be honest , i figured it was an `` afternoon delight . '' 
 but hey , none of my business . 
 if anything , i was a bit envious . 
 i went back to the office . 
 the phone was ringing when i closed the door . 
 `` dee . 
 it is grace . 
 i had to call . 
 a boy is dead . '' 
 i froze and braced myself . 
 a series of grisly images flashed through my mind like strobes . 
 then i spit out the question and held a short breath . 
 `` what boy ? 
 not henri ? '' 
 `` no . 
 his name was martin , a friend of my son . 
 they were in school together , a good boy like my henri . 
 no harm in him . 
 great love for his mother . 
 fine lady , works at the nursing homes . 
 jacques used to take henri and martin to the park , later to see baseball when there was money . 
 she is like me . 
 she knew that any truck with the ju ju d 's was a path to destruction . 
 they wanted him to join , become a runner . 
 they like the young ones that they can manipulate and control . 
 martin knew the kiss , the hellish thing that bijet had implanted in jacques . 
 he told them no . '' 
 her voice was unsteady , punctuated with trembling sighs and short bursts of tears . 
 `` slow down , grace . 
 i need to know the rest of the story . '' 
 i could feel her gathering herself even over the phone . 
 `` yes , of course , '' she said haltingly . 
 `` a couple of weeks ago , the ju ju 's beat him first , like they did my henri . 
 still he refused . 
 a neighbor found him in an alley this morning . 
 they had cut him many times and apparently left him to bleed to death . 
 they left their mark on his forehead so the rest of us would know and fear their cunning ... their unspeakable violence . 
 henri may be next . 
 please ... '' `` grace , i promised you ricky and i would protect henri . 
 we will honor that promise . 
 bijet will be stopped . 
 your boy will be safe . 
 pack some things for him . 
 i will pick him up at your place in an hour . '' 
 `` i will do as you say . 
 bless you , '' she whispered . 
 i called ricky immediately . 
 his heavy breathing and the rustling of sheets confirmed my `` afternoon delight '' theory . 
 `` jesus , dee . 
 i 'm busy . 
 what the hell do you want ? '' 
 `` sorry , ricky ... to you ... and to evelyn . 
 i 'm sure you were conferring on the status of the world 's economic downturn . '' 
 `` okay , smartass . 
 this better be good . '' 
 when i told him about grace 's call , he got quiet . 
 it was ominous even over the phone . 
 `` i 'm picking up henri , '' he insisted , `` you continue to beat the bushes . 
 let 's find this damned bijet and his thugs before we have to bury another kid . 
 get hold of bugsy and call me immediately . '' 
 chapter 9 it was about 4:00 and i figured i could catch bugsy on the phone before the regulars started shuffling in . 
 `` bugsy , it 's dee . '' 
 `` oh my god . 
 you do n't never call me unless you want something . 
 what is it this time ? '' 
 `` you know you love me , bugsy , and i do need a favor . 
 i want to know when the ju ju 's usually come by to pick up the war tax . '' 
 `` holy shit , dee , as if i did n't have enough trouble . 
 whattaya ' got in mind , a shootout in my humble establishment ? 
 listen good honey , then you can forget it . '' 
 `` another kid is dead . 
 they cut him up and left him to bleed out in a filthy alley . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , dee , but that 's not my problem . '' 
 i knew bugsy too well . 
 it was his problem . 
 for all of the tough talk and his questionable past , he had a soft spot . 
 he doted on his grandchildren and god help anyone who tried to hurt them . 
 `` bugsy , i promise . 
 ricky and i will sit in the back , never get out of the booth . 
 i just need to see what they look like . 
 we ca n't desert these kids and especially henri , just because we do n't want to be bothered . '' 
 bugsy knew about henri . 
 ricky and i had both talked about him over drinks at the bar . 
 whenever we did , tough old bugsy got real squishy and the sweet things about him were on full display no matter how hard he tried to hide them . 
 `` okay dee , you got me and i got your word . 
 you need to keep it if you want to be welcomed at bugsy 's . 
 around 10:30 tonight . '' 
 `` i love you , sweetie . '' 
 i heard him huffing as he slammed down the phone . 
 then i dialed ricky . 
 he had already picked up henri and had him locked away at his apartment . 
 `` i bought him a pizza , '' he said , `` double cheese and pepperoni . 
 i gave him the remote and he 's in heaven on the sofa . 
 i told him not to open the door for anyone . 
 see you at ten at bugsy 's . '' 
 i stood before the mirror at about nine . 
 i thought about a hat , thought about my smith and wesson , thought about sterling , but mostly thought about henri . 
 i wanted him safe , and i damned sure did n't want anything to happen to grace . 
 he was okay at ricky 's , but he could n't stay there forever . 
 he had to come out ... like we all do . 
 when he did , there was a threat . 
 that 's what we had to remove . 
 i threw on a pair of dowdy black sweatpants and the dirtiest , smelliest sweatshirt i could find . 
 i washed all of the makeup off of my face . 
 i picked up an eyebrow pencil and drew some circles under my eyes . 
 then i smudged it nicely , scrambled my hair . 
 no brush , just ran my fingers through it . 
 one glance in the mirror and i shuddered . 
 please allow me call it my new bag lady look . 
 i strapped the loaded .38 to my calf and added a switchblade left by one of the perps in my cop days . 
 he had tried to make it a permanent part of my anatomy , but when ricky placed the cold barrel of his glock against the guy 's neck , he had a quick change of heart . 
 our boy was now playing `` drop the soap '' with his pals at raiford , one of florida 's finest correctional facilities . 
 i walked into bugsy 's precisely at ten . 
 he stared at me from behind the bar , `` jesus , dee . 
 you look like you been shot at and missed and shit at and hit . '' 
 `` oh , bugsy , you do go on . '' 
 i raised my palm in queen elizabeth wave and curtsied . 
 he pointed to the back . 
 ricky was already there . 
 he sat at the back table in a pair of tailored jeans , a tommy bahama shirt , and a six-hundred dollar brown bombardier . 
 hey ... i know . 
 i was with him at nordstrom 's when he bought it . 
 `` damned , dee . 
 you look like `` the wreck of the hesperus . '' 
 `` sorry , ricky , but that poem was about a storm and a shipwreck . '' 
 `` exactly my point , '' he said and laughed . 
 i asked about the kid . 
 he was doing fine . 
 evelyn had insisted on coming over to watch him and the last he 'd seen , they were on the sofa stuffing heaping handfuls of orville redenbacher down their throats and sucking up cherry coke . 
 hell , i wished i was with them . 
 the ju ju 's were early . 
 two guys about the size of buffaloes pranced in like they owned the place . 
 i guess in a way , they did . 
 behind them was a smaller man , but not much smaller . 
 he was an easy 6 '' 2 ' and well over two-hundred . 
 he wore a denim shirt with the sleeves cut out . 
 his arms rippled like a huge black mamba . 
 on one shoulder , i could barely make out a prison tattoo . 
 they do them with ballpoint pens or homemade shivs . 
 very painful , but very impressive . 
 the right symbol was a savage warning to stay the hell out of the way lest you find yourself permanently disabled , or just plain dead . 
 gold dripped off his hands and from around his neck . 
 bugsy placed three shot glasses of patron on the bar . 
 beside them was a white , letter sized envelope . 
 `` on the house , '' he croaked . 
 buffalo number one palmed the paper , squeezed it , and nodded . 
 when the third man stepped into the full light of the bar , i caught his face in the mirror . 
 it looked like a bad joke . 
 the skin was painted in white make-up from forehead to chin . 
 his eyes and mouth were encompassed by circles of black greasepaint . 
 the shiny silk hat was perched at a jaunty angle on his head . 
 either he had missed halloween or he was doing a bad impression of baron samedi , the legendary voodoo demon . 
 he lifted the shot glass , sniffed the patron and belted it down . 
 the buffaloes followed suit . 
 `` by your favor , perhaps another , mr. bugsy , '' he said . 
 then he turned and rolled his shoulders . 
 the lord of the manor was inspecting his holdings . 
 bugsy nodded , `` sure , bijet . '' 
 the clown placed two sharp elbows on the bar and scanned the landscape like drone fixing on a target . 
 unfortunately , that target was me . 
 he strutted towards our table . 
 the buffaloes fell in behind him and planted on either side . 
 he offered a courtly bow and tipped his hat like the true gentleman i suspected he was n't . 
 i could feel ricky tensing up . 
 `` why you is looking so sad , lovely lady ? '' 
 he said sweetly . 
 i looked down and said nothing . 
 buffalo number one scowled and snorted , `` hey ... bijet ask you question , you answer . '' 
 the clown raised the corners of his mouth in a mock smile . 
 i wanted to keep my trap shut ... actually gave it my very best effort ... but , hey , that 's why the boys at the station nicknamed me diabla , the she-devil . 
 `` you joinin ' the circus , big man ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 he took a menacing step forward and grinned . 
 `` yes , '' he laughed , `` maybe i make you part of my act . 
 you so pretty i may want to kiss you . '' 
 ricky reached inside his coat . 
 i knew the glock was at his chest . 
 the biggest buffalo beat him to the punch . 
 the shiny barrel of a nine-millimeter was inches from my face . 
 `` you tink twice if you don ' wan ' de lady head to be big mess , '' he bleated . 
 ricky put both of his hands on the table and said nothing . 
 the grin did n't hide the glare that bijet fired at me . 
 i waited . 
 he tilted his head and put his fingers to the brim of the silk . 
 `` well , is nice to meet you . 
 perhaps next time you do a little makeup , maybe a clean dress . 
 and de hair ... dat not really your style . '' 
 he turned back to the bar . 
 `` bugsy , you shud be careful who come in dis place . 
 bad clientele attract bad luck . '' 
 bugsy 's hands were invisible below the bar . 
 they might be shaking . 
 i knew he kept a sawed off 12 guage for emergencies , but he would n't use it unless a situation was desperate . 
 his teeth were locked as he smiled at bijet and the buffaloes . 
 `` thanks , guys . 
 come back anytime . '' 
 bijet gave him a sweep of the hand and a beautifully executed elizabethan bow . 
 romeo would have been proud . 
 as soon as they were out of sight , bugsy came over to our table . 
 `` damn it , dee . 
 you promised no trouble . 
 what 's with the circus shit ? '' 
 `` honestly , bugsy . 
 i tried . 
 he came at me . 
 you saw what he looked like . 
 i do n't think the circus would take him . '' 
 `` yeah , very funny . 
 you saw him . 
 well , laugh it up . 
 i 'm tellin ' you the man is dangerous . 
 you see the size of those goons ? 
 you catch that remark about bad luck ? 
 that ai n't a black cat crossing your path . 
 we 're talkin ' mysterious fires , explosions , maybe even bullets . 
 honest to god , i wish you 'd learn to keep your mouth shut ... at least in here . 
 i got a business to run . '' 
 he stormed back behind the bar and started polishing glasses . 
 ricky left a ten and a twenty on the table and we left . 
 i hoped it would salve bugsy 's wounds ... at least a little . 
 chapter 10 ricky came into the office about nine . 
 he had taken henri to school . 
 evelyn had stayed the night . 
 in addition to the other good shit , the formidable ms. santiago had a lot of mother in her . 
 he assured me that they had postponed all extra-curricular activities until the boy was back home . 
 grace had agreed to let henri stay with ricky for a few days , but she wanted him with her as soon as we could assure her it was safe . 
 there was n't much conversation . 
 we did n't need any . 
 it was plain and simple . 
 bijet had to be stopped . 
 jail would be nice , but other options had to be considered . 
 none of them pleasant for him or for us . 
 and unfortunately , neither of us knew exactly what they were . 
 despite the distractions , s was never far from my mind . 
 no baker 's bay tonight , no five star restaurants , no penthouse . 
 we had decided to do it simple . 
 two bottles of good cabernet . 
 a cookout on great gesture . 
 fire up the magma grill and roast some hot dogs and hamburgers alongside a couple of massive ears of fat yellow corn . 
 hey , a plebian feast fit for almost young lovers with visions of heavy breathing after dinner . 
 and i sincerely hoped that 's where we were headed . 
 the afternoon dragged . 
 i made a few calls and scribbled in my notebook searching for a response , if not a solution . 
 but we were no closer at the end of the day than we were when we began . 
 ricky was leaving to pick up henri from school . 
 `` no pizza tonight , '' he said on the way out the door , `` ev is cooking some sort of cuban casserole with pork , rice and something green . 
 i 'll lay you ten to one it 's a gourmet 's delight . '' 
 i laughed , `` so she can cook , too ? 
 does she make all her own clothes and do all the girls like her ? '' 
 i hate to tell on my partner , but he gave me the finger . 
 then he was gone . 
 i had to admit it . 
 the lady was quite remarkable and ricky was done . 
 i did n't think you could pry them apart with a crowbar . 
 very cool . 
 s stepped on the dock at precisely seven o’clock looking like a greek god in shorts . 
 his blond hair fell casually over one eye and the spare jaw and high cheekbones looked like they belonged on mt. rushmore . 
 the tight tendons in his arms and legs glistened in the evening sun . 
 he cradled a couple of bottles of hall , a california cab that i sure ca n't afford . 
 he stepped onto the deck and put his free arm around my waist . 
 then his warm mouth swept lightly across my cheek and settled on my lips with just a bit of tongue . 
 they tell me panting is gauche , so i tried like hell to avoid it . 
 i do n't want to admit it even to myself , but my heart raced and i could feel my pulse thumping in my neck . 
 i had often kidded ricky and evelyn for acting like teenagers in heat , but this lady , tough as she pretended to be , was hooked . 
 the hot dogs and ground beef sizzled on the grill . 
 i had lightly buttered the buns and they were browning beautifully . 
 the corn was wrapped in silver foil and the scent was heavenly . 
 we did n't talk about much . 
 it was one of those `` how was your day '' things . 
 we ate in the cockpit , sipped the cab , and traded groans of pleasure . 
 after dinner , we went below for a snifter of crème de menthe and a more intimate setting . 
 i lit the kerosene lamp . 
 the warm glow of the teak and the cool breeze flowing through the cabin made it all damned near perfect . 
 `` dee , i 've come to know you , at least as much as i can , these last few months . 
 i 've seen you calm ... excited ... determined . 
 but this time , it 's different . 
 there 's an edge , even a tinge of fear . 
 you 're important to me . 
 it 's time to talk ... to tell me what 's going on . 
 what 's got you wound up ? 
 and can i help ? '' 
 i did n't like it . 
 since my last disastrous attempt at romance , i 've made a career of keeping myself in a steel cage ... protected , invulnerable ... so nothing and no one could hurt me ever again . 
 but now the bars were broken . 
 i wanted someone on the inside ... someone i could trust ... someone i could love ... and that someone was sterling . 
 i told him about grace , henri , and bijet . 
 how another boy was dead . 
 how i had been introduced to the clown bastard and his brown legion of killers . 
 the silence hung in the air like heavy fog . 
 he sipped the thick green liquid , scanned the cabin , then focused his eyes on me . 
 his hand covered mine . 
 `` i have friends , '' he said . 
 `` ... a measure of influence with people who matter . 
 you do n't need to know who they are . 
 i 'll make a few calls . 
 simply trust me . 
 this bijet and his thugs will no longer threaten you . '' 
 questions flooded my mind , but this was not a time to know , or even to ask . 
 `` dee , '' he whispered , `` i know you love it here ... know how much you value your independence . 
 but i wo n't get in your way . 
 i have a question ... have you ever thought about moving off the boat ? 
 perhaps a place in town ... even a penthouse on the beach ? '' 
 `` sterling , maybe i 'm dreaming , but that sounds like an invitation ? '' 
 `` it is . 
 things are clear to me for the first time in a long time . 
 i have come to love you . 
 i want you safe . 
 i want you with me . 
 you do n't have to answer now . 
 just think about it . 
 it is for us . '' 
 speechless is not a word often used to describe diabla , but the cat had definitely gobbled up my tongue . 
 i pulled him up off the settee and dragged him into the v berth . 
 he did n't resist all that much . 
 we ripped at each other 's clothes and went at it like two hormonal kids finally giving in to crazed lust . 
 no need to ask me if i liked it . 
 when i got up in the morning , he was gone . 
 there was a note on the nav station . 
 `` i meant it . 
 just think about it . 
 s. '' my head was swimming . 
 too much wine , too much sex ? 
 well ... maybe not that ... but the wine ? 
 no question . 
 after a second cup of very strong coffee , things began to clear . 
 i still had a job to do , even if sterling said i was safe from bijet . 
 but how does he pull that off ? 
 who the hell were those so-called `` people who matter '' he had mentioned ? 
 and where did he get the `` measure of influence '' he had so casually referred to ? 
 the whole thing reeked of mystery and it even scared me a bit . 
 i was in deep . 
 surely i was n't in love with some would-be mobster or other miscellaneous creep . 
 when the time was right , i 'd find out . 
 but i wanted that time to be now . 
 i slipped on my topsiders and walked down the dock to the old catalina 27 that was the home of elvis and teeny . 
 i 'd met them last year while working on the abaddon case . 
 elvis was the shy , skinny publix bag boy who was also one of the best damned hackers i 'd ever seen . 
 teeny was his own true love and looked like she belonged in a box at toys ' r’us . 
 i had taken them sailing on great gesture and they cooed and tried to kiss each other to death . 
 i was almost surprised when it did n't work . 
 she was on the deck sunning in a bright blue bikini she must have bought in the children 's department at walmart . 
 the little miss was buried in a book almost as big as she was . 
 the name sara paretsky was above the title in bold letters . 
 a v.i. warshawski book . 
 female detective , tough , competent , sometimes dangerous . 
 i loved it . 
 v.i. was one of my heroes . 
 i think i read every damned one of them . 
 `` hi , teeny . '' 
 `` oh , dee . 
 how are you ? 
 come aboard . 
 i think there 's a cold beer in the ice box . '' 
 `` i do n't want to bother you . 
 i see you 're reading . 
 love that paretsky stuff . 
 i was looking for elvis . 
 i kind of need his help on something . '' 
 `` well , dee . 
 next to me , he thinks you 're the coolest thing on two legs . 
 he 's at the store , but he gets off at four . '' 
 i asked them to come by for a cocktail and hors d’oeuvres . 
 i did n't have any , but i knew elvis and teeny would be happy with a bag of chips and some onion dip . 
 they came down the dock at a little after four in their customary position , joined at the hip . 
 if everybody looked at each other the way they did , we 'd have a damned fine world . 
 unfortunately , creatures like bijet and his boys crawled out from under their rocks all too often . 
 i had mixed a pitcher of planter 's punch . 
 they like the sweet stuff , and on occasion , so do i. despite concerns about my sterling , those occasions came around a lot when my own prince charming was present . 
 after we had worked over the dip , i broached my request . 
 `` elvis , i 'm sure teeny told you . 
 i need some help . 
 the kind that comes naturally to your type of genius . '' 
 the pride burst out of her . 
 i was talking about her man . 
 he ducked his head and grinned sheepishly . 
 i would n't have been surprised if he had said , `` aw shucks , ma’am . '' 
 `` i 'm working on a case . 
 there 's a thug goes by the name of bijet . 
 he 's a gang type , leads the ju ju d 's here in lauderdale . 
 it might take cracking the police files . 
 i need everything i can get on him . 
 also met a guy . 
 sounds corny , but he 's become very special to me . 
 still , there are some things about him i just do n't know . 
 name is sterling major . '' 
 `` sterling major the sports agent ? '' 
 teeny asked . 
 `` the same , '' i said . 
 `` wow , he 's a friend of yours ? 
 handles some of the biggest names in the nba , not to mention some hot property for the nfl . 
 he has a reputation for being tough , but clean . 
 gets top dollar for his clients and keeps them out of trouble . 
 i 've seen his picture in the paper . 
 wow . '' 
 `` all true , but he does n't talk much about his background . 
 i guess i 'm curious . 
 we have gotten very close . 
 i just want to be sure i do n't do something i 'll regret later . '' 
 yeah , i thought ... like play house in a penthouse on the ocean . 
 elvis finally spoke more than one word at a time . 
 `` dee , i 'm off in the morning . 
 i 'll have some time . 
 for you , i 'll use it . 
 if you can check with me before i go to the store , i should have something for you . 
 i 'll be on the boat or you can call if you need to . '' 
 i wanted to hug that skinny body , but i knew teeny would handle that duty . 
 they left and i was alone . 
 that was plenty okay until the phone rang . 
 i was hoping for s. no such luck . 
 i thought at first the receiver was dead or i 'd been cut off . 
 then i heard the breathing followed by a voice i thought i recognized . 
 `` i get de word . 
 don ' worry . 
 you safe . 
 your friens ... maybe not so much . '' 
 the phone went dead . 
 that was a message that called for one more drink . 
 it was bitter going down . 
 chapter 11 the next morning i hung around the boat for a while , did a little house cleaning , including much overdue laundry . 
 but mostly i was thinking . 
 bijet 's call had definitely given me the chills . 
 s had said i would be safe ... and i guess i was , but that casual comment about `` my friens '' worried the hell out of me . 
 what exactly did that mean ? 
 my friends ? 
 i guess that meant ricky , henri , and now , evelyn . 
 i did n't know whether grace figured in that equation or not . 
 and what would elvis uncover about the man i was almost in love with ? 
 s and i were scheduled for lunch at 11:30 , but true to his word , my skinny bag boy delivered the goods sooner . 
 i locked the boat and was halfway down the dock when elvis hurried over . 
 `` up early . 
 could n't sleep . 
 went to work . 
 maybe some stuff you do n't want to know . '' 
 he handed me a file folder with a few sheets of printed paper . 
 `` sorry , dee , '' he said and ambled back to the catalina . 
 i stuffed the documents under my arm and headed for the old focus . 
 she was damned sure ugly , but she started like a rabbit let loose from her cage and roared toward the office . 
 i unlocked the door . 
 i had n't seen ricky 's caddy and there was no sign of him . 
 not unusual . 
 maybe dogging some unfaithful husband or checking some records at the city hall . 
 anyway , i was kind of glad . 
 i wanted some time to see what was in elvis ' care package . 
 i made some crappy coffee and considered a shot of jameson . 
 but it was early and i wanted my head to be perfectly clear . 
 i opened the folder and spread the sheets on my desk . 
 elvis had made a few notes . 
 the file on bijet was thick . 
 his real name was delain changette . 
 he had been arrested six separate times , assault , drugs , even an attempted murder charge . 
 he walked every time . 
 there was no proof , but apparently he had his hand in some legitimate businesses . 
 a dummy corp called change for the better even owned some real estate in fort lauderdale : a dry cleaning business , a liquor store , a couple of neighborhood groceries , and a warehouse . 
 the cops had n't been able to verify any of it ... too many layers of sham bureaucracy , but the connections were there . 
 sterling was actually george sterling major . 
 when the feds had indicted him for money laundering in charlotte , north carolina , the sterling part was missing . 
 that was 2001 . 
 he did n't do any time , actually never went to trial . 
 insufficient evidence . 
 still , an indictment meant that some serious shit had gone down . 
 that `` measure of influence '' thing stuck in my mind . 
 okay ... why ... and with whom ? 
 i pored over the file a couple of times , but the records were clear and my questions had no answers . 
 at least not now . 
 i called ricky 's home , then his cell . 
 no answer either place . 
 i left messages . 
 i decided to try evelyn , but she was out of the office . 
 that might explain a lot . 
 s showed up right on time , as usual . 
 i got in the jag and he headed for the little pizza place on a1a . 
 there must have been some event at the swimming hall of fame , because the kids in their speedos were all over the sidewalk . 
 they strutted and preened and laughed like the world would end in fifteen minutes . 
 actually it was fun to watch them . 
 the brown flesh was innocent ... even sweet , but it had a sexual vibe that was hard to deny . 
 s and i sat outside in the corner . 
 it was open , but between the bodies and the noise , we had a surprising measure of privacy . 
 i spoke first . 
 `` so george , what are you in the mood for ? 
 i 'm thinking the meat lover 's supreme . '' 
 `` i knew you 'd find out sooner or later . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i just could n't find a good time to tell you . '' 
 `` i got ta tell you , s. i do n't much like it . 
 you told me you were falling in love . 
 you asked me to move in with you . 
 so when was that ` good time ' gon na happen ? '' 
 `` okay , dee . 
 guilty as charged . 
 but if you love me even a little bit , at least give me a chance to tell my side of it . '' 
 i nodded and he began . 
 `` i played a little ball at a small college near charlotte . 
 i was n't big time and i knew it . 
 but i used to go to the courts downtown . 
 sometimes i was the only white man among the big black trees . 
 i minded my own business and fed the giants on the court . 
 they liked it . 
 i met some good guys and some bad ones . 
 i got ta say i was smart , but too smart . 
 that led to some problems and some dumb decisions . 
 i had a small consulting firm . 
 it became a front for other activities . '' 
 `` like money laundering ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 when the feds caught up with me , i knew i was screwed . 
 the question was who else i 'd screw along with me . 
 they offered me a deal , witness protection and all of perks . 
 i thought about it long and hard . 
 i figured the bad boys would find me sooner or later if i rolled on them . 
 then i could say bye , bye permanently . 
 i sure as hell did n't like those ass holy bastards in the dark suits , but i fed them a little information . 
 i finally made a deal , but not with the boys with badges . 
 i told the thugs i would keep my mouth shut if they could get me off . 
 they promised high priced lawyers . 
 lots of technicalities , but they had to understand . 
 after it was over , i was going straight . 
 they had to leave me alone . 
 the bottom line is i have contacts on both sides of the fence . 
 i used one to get bijet off your back . '' 
 i told him about the clown 's call . 
 `` that was n't part of the deal , '' he said . 
 his face was grim . 
 the pizza smelled delicious , but it just did n't melt in my mouth . 
 i sucked down the yuengling draft and sat silently . 
 `` that 's it , dee . 
 you want to walk ? 
 i do n't blame you . '' 
 chapter 12 he dropped me off at the office . 
 i do n't want to tell you this , but i cried . 
 when i could n't hold back the tears any longer , i realized that yes ... i was in love with s , sterling , george ... whatever the hell you wanted to call him . 
 i let the agony flow for a minute just like a child who was taunted in the playground . 
 then i tried to collect myself and wondered what to do with the rest of the day . 
 i still had n't heard from ricky . 
 i called my old boss , captain sullivan , at the precinct on the off chance he had heard from ricky . 
 no luck . 
 i explained what had happened , leaving out a few details , and what i was thinking . 
 he listened . 
 when i mentioned bijet , his ears perked up . 
 `` oh hell , dee . 
 my pal , delain . 
 i hope you guys are n't mixed up with that thug . 
 he has a sheet as long as my arm . 
 you name it , he 's done it . 
 very dangerous character , but keeps himself layered with miles of cheap-ass lackeys and some damned good legal advice . 
 bottom line , our boy does n't take no for an answer . '' 
 `` i kind of figured that out , '' i said , `` but i 'm sitting on an ace . '' 
 `` yeah ... well , sit tight and let me see if i can get the latest . 
 it 's too early for an official missing persons report , but i 'll do what i can and get back to you . 
 i know you can take care of yourself , but , for god sakes , make sure you 're armed at all times . '' 
 captain sullivan would be good for his word . 
 he 'd always liked ricky . 
 we made clean arrests and helped him take some of the bad guys off the streets . 
 and i 'm not gon na be shy . 
 he loved diabla . 
 he even got me reinstated . 
 i would have gone except for ricky . 
 now i just had to find him . 
 evelyn finally returned my call . 
 ricky and henri had stayed at her place over night . 
 she had fixed lasagna with homemade noodles , a nice caesar salad and chocolate cake for dessert . 
 the combination was a little weird , but a good time was had by all . 
 after an early bowl of rice krispies , ricky had left to take henri to school . 
 that was the last she 'd seen of either of them . 
 she made me promise to call if i heard anything . 
 it was now 1:30 . 
 i decided to wait until two to panic . 
 it was n't like ricky to stay incommunicado for that long . 
 i tried both his numbers . 
 no answer . 
 then i called grace . 
 she had n't seen henri . 
 he had called last night . 
 he was safe and having one lovely time . 
 `` dose people very nice to me , momma . '' 
 she assumed he was at school . 
 i did n't tell her anything . 
 i damned sure did n't want to alarm her . 
 i asked her to call when he got home . 
 she agreed and hung up . 
 about three-thirty , the phone rang . 
 i was afraid to pick it up . 
 i stared at the receiver and reluctantly put it to my ear . 
 henri was home . 
 ricky had dropped him off in front of the school , then driven off . 
 he told her he had taken the bus home . 
 i listened to grace . 
 she was happy and seemed unconcerned . 
 henri assured her he had been good , even made an a on a math test . 
 i listened , but something did n't register . 
 i was guessing , but henri 's story did n't make sense . 
 ricky was missing and as far as i knew , henri was the last person to see him . 
 i hate to talk about hunches . 
 the word smacks of bullshit , so let me politely call it intuition . 
 i asked grace if i could come by and talk to henri . 
 evelyn wanted to go , but as far as i was concerned , she was a civilian . 
 and those people often just get in the way . 
 `` ev , i understand you 're worried , but i can handle this alone , '' i said as delicately as i could . 
 `` i know what you 're thinking , dee . 
 but there are some things you do n't know . 
 believe me , i can be very helpful in a crisis . 
 pick me up in ten minutes . 
 i 'll be ready . 
 i 'll tell you about it on the way over to henri 's . 
 she got in the car , looking quite dazzling ... as usual , but her face was gray and taut . 
 she clutched her coach handbag like it held something she could n't live without . 
 maybe it did . 
 she started slowly . 
 `` i 've always been a cpa , but i worked for another agency for several years . 
 you 've heard of them . 
 the secret service . 
 i was a financial analyst , but my primary job , like everybody else , was to protect the president and carry a gun . '' 
 she raised her hand and patted the handbag . 
 then she raised the bag and placed her palm on something very hard , and i suspected , very deadly . 
 `` you will probably remember the incident . 
 it happened a few years back . 
 i was at the white house when some lunatic scaled the fence . 
 he got by the agent at the front door and wandered around before someone finally shot him . 
 that someone was me . 
 our crazy was doa . 
 fortunately , the president had left earlier in the day on air force one . 
 there was a virulent discussion about undue use of force . 
 the guy had recently been an outpatient at a mental health clinic in maryland . 
 was n't taking his meds . 
 his family went ballistic . 
 i was n't told , but i think the feds paid them off to shut up and go away . 
 next thing i knew i had a nice severance package and i was looking for work . 
 fortunately , i still had a few friends at the agency . 
 one of them made a call and presto . 
 i was offered a cushy position at a well-respected firm a long way from washington . 
 it was simple . 
 do my job , keep my lips tightly sealed and everything would be just hunky dory . 
 it 's been working nicely for quite a while . '' 
 `` damn it , evelyn . '' 
 `` there was no need for you to know before now . 
 but this is n't about us , it 's about ricky . 
 you have to find him and i can help . '' 
 it got real quiet in the car , but soon we were parked in front of grace 's apartment . 
 she opened the door before we got to the top step of the porch . 
 henri was standing behind her , almost hiding in her shadow . 
 she showed us in and offered coffee . 
 henri sat on the worn sofa and evelyn and i sat across from him in a couple of wingbacks with thread-bare arm rests . 
 i wanted my voice to be gentle , but firm . 
 `` henri , i know your mom has always told you how important it is to be truthful , especially when times are tough . 
 this is one of those times . 
 you know ricky is missing . 
 he is your friend . 
 he has tried to protect you . 
 he loves you , and we are worried about him . '' 
 grace came in with three cups and a carafe on a plastic tray . 
 she poured for both of us and offered sugar and creamer . 
 the coffee was hot and dark . 
 the pungent smell had a deep measure of comfort in it , but my hands were still unsteady . 
 ev spoke . 
 `` so henri , tell us about school today . '' 
 `` i no go . 
 de ju ju 's grab me dis morning . 
 ricky , too . '' 
 he was holding back tears , but that would n't last . 
 `` i don ' know where . 
 dey blindfold us . 
 take me into a room , like an office . 
 bijet talk to me . '' 
 `` what did he say ? 
 tell them , henri , '' grace instructed . 
 `` he say , ` i love you , henri . 
 i loved yur brother , but we must all find our place . 
 yurs is wit us , ' he want me join de ju ju d 's . 
 he promise to protect me and my momma . 
 say no harm come while he look over us . 
 he give me dis . '' 
 henri reached in his pocket and pulled out a twisted red bandanna . 
 there were five silver dollars in a lump within the folds . 
 they gleamed in the palm of his black hand . 
 `` he promise much more if i be wit dem . 
 do what dey say . 
 i ask him , my momma be safe ? 
 he smile , put his hand on my shoulder ... ` yes , you are now our family , ' he tell me . 
 i am now ju ju d , momma . 
 you no haf to worry . 
 dey don ' hurt you . '' 
 he nodded to grace . 
 she had covered her face in her hands . 
 the tears crept from between her fingers . 
 her lips formed words we were n't meant to hear . 
 henri put his head in her lap and whispered softly to her , `` don ' cry . '' 
 i walked over to the sofa and took his hand . 
 he stood . 
 i held him to me . 
 he looked up sadly , his golden eyes misted over . 
 `` you find ricky ? '' 
 he pleaded . 
 `` yes , evelyn and i will find him and it will all be okay . '' 
 i forced those words out of my mouth . 
 i desperately wanted them to be true . 
 we thanked grace and left . 
 i told evelyn we were going to take a little detour by the local publix . 
 she looked at me like i was slightly deranged . 
 hey ... not the first time that 's happened . 
 chapter 13 i picked up some bagels , a frozen pizza and two six packs of kalik . 
 then i made sure we were in the checkout line where elvis was bagging . 
 i paid cash . 
 he smiled that beautiful , shy smile of his and stowed the groceries . 
 `` elvis , '' i whispered , `` can you find the address of the warehouse you told me about ? '' 
 it was probably a stupid question . 
 `` got it . '' 
 he picked up a discarded receipt from the floor and reached for the pen in the pocket of his green apron . 
 he wrote it down quickly . 
 it was the photographic memory that teeny often bragged about . 
 she 'd be proud of her man . 
 i pulled him to me and kissed him on the cheek . 
 his bony knees buckled . 
 i thought he was going to collapse from embarrassment , but he went back to his line with a shudder and a grin about the size of chicago . 
 we went back to the boat . 
 ev left her heels on the dock and we went below . 
 i popped a couple of kaliks and dialed the remote number to check calls at the office . 
 no ricky ... and that was the only one that mattered . 
 ev took a long swig on the bottle and got things rolling . 
 `` tell me everything you can about this bijet . 
 i need to listen and to write . '' 
 she removed a .38 caliber sig sauer from the coach and placed it on the table . 
 i had a hard time imagining her with her hand on the grip and her finger on the trigger . 
 then i looked into her eyes . 
 she was in full agent mode . 
 she had killed a man . 
 no trace of emotion , just a cold , hard stare waiting for business to begin . 
 i told her everything i knew about bijet and the ju ju d 's . 
 i explained the situation with henri 's brother , jacques , their belief in the `` kiss of death '' and the encounter we had with bozo at bugsy 's . 
 she listened and wrote . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 her mind was as cool and sharp as broken glass . 
 she was silent until i finished . 
 then she placed her elbows on the table and cradled her chin , one long finger aside her nose like a coco chanel version of santa claus . 
 the red polish paled beside her olive skin . 
 we were thinking the same thing . 
 `` perhaps a nocturnal visit is in order , '' she said quietly . 
 i pulled elvis ' note out of my pocket and laid it on the table . 
 the address was on the other side of the river , not far from the line between riviera beach and lauderdale . 
 `` run me by the accounting office to pick up my car . 
 i 'll get ready and meet you back here around 1 a.m. '' i nodded . 
 i left her sitting in the leather seat of the mercedes and heard the engine hum to life . 
 i unlocked great gesture and went below . 
 then i ate another of my famous gourmet meals , a tuna sandwich on rye and a handful of week old chips . 
 a quick glass of cabernet and i was asleep on the settee . 
 my internal alarm went off around midnight . 
 i washed my face and put on my black ninja garb . 
 i looked like a fugitive from bruce lee 's `` fists of fury , '' but what the hell ? 
 i was working and i always look stunning in black . 
 i checked the .38 , then placed it in the leather holster at my waist . 
 i pulled my jacket down over it . 
 maybe a little charcoal under the eyes ? 
 no that would definitely be overkill and this was n't the nfl . 
 i clicked the padlock on the hatch boards and walked up to the parking lot . 
 i had the focus running when ev parked the mercedes . 
 she popped the door and sat in the passenger seat . 
 she wore a chocolate running suit and black nikes . 
 she , too , had an interesting bulge at her waist . 
 it screamed nine mil . 
 i knew my old four wheeled beast was slumming for her , but my baby would get us there and it would n't be nearly as conspicuous as a new red convertible in what i was sure would be a bad part of town . 
 i was right . 
 i had made a couple of wrong turns , but we were now parked in an alley a couple of blocks from the warehouse . 
 several of the street lights were out and the sidewalk was shrouded in shades of gray . 
 there was a rusty junker on blocks with the tires missing and all of the windows smashed in . 
 the whole scene was ominous , but it was deserted ... at least as far as i could tell . 
 i welcomed the darkness . 
 sometimes the night is your friend , especially if you 're in a place you should n't be in . 
 evelyn and i slinked through the shadows . 
 the warehouse looked deserted . 
 no lights or signs of recent activity . 
 i pulled out my penlight and checked the door knobs and the asphalt leading to the entrance . 
 nothing but dust . 
 there was a rusty chain and an old padlock on the gate that led to the side . 
 i thought we might have to scale the fence , but when i yanked the lock , it fell open with a muted click . 
 we crept toward the door . 
 ev ventured a tight beam through the dusty windows . 
 it sliced through the inky void . 
 nothing . 
 we tried the side door . 
 there was a little resistance , but it creaked open just enough for us to slip inside . 
 ev drew the sig from her waistband and motioned me to follow . 
 she held it down , pointed at the concrete , but ready to come up firing at an instant . 
 the place was deserted . 
 a big empty space with nothing but cobwebs and flecks of dust floating and reflecting in the flashes of our lights . 
 we checked a few doors off the main space . 
 probably old offices . 
 broken glass , a few battered file cabinets , some garbage here and there . 
 but unless you believe in ghosts , we were alone . 
 `` it 's time to get the hell out of here , '' i whispered . 
 she cut her eyes and bobbed her head up and down . 
 we talked on the way back to the marina , but not much . 
 our little field trip had accomplished little besides denying us some much needed sleep . 
 she got in her sparkling red chariot and was gone before i could say goodnight . 
 i climbed onto great gesture and poured a small tot of jameson . 
 it 's times like this that i wish i was still smoking . 
 but old habits die hard and i sure did n't need that one again . 
 where the hell was ricky ? 
 was he even still alive ? 
 i lay down and began to drift off . 
 bijet 's face was up against mine . 
 i could feel the fetid breath collapsing onto my cheeks . 
 he smiled and ran his thick tongue over his lips . 
 i could see the bubbles of the wet saliva on them . 
 he got closer . 
 there was a feral sound , almost like the purring of some giant predatory cat , coming from the folds of his chest . 
 i knew i was dreaming , or more accurately , you could call it a nightmare . 
 but somehow i believed that this `` kiss of death '' was very real . 
 i could feel the yellow sickness burning in me and the fiery bile clogged my throat . 
 i shook myself awake . 
 suddenly i was very cold . 
 i grabbed an afghan from the cushion and wrapped up in a fetal ball . 
 i fought it for a while , soon enough i was asleep . 
 no more nightmares , no more visions of death , only a haunting fear that we would never find ricky ... at least not alive . 
 chapter 14 when i woke up , i felt like shit . 
 i glanced at the mirror and confirmed it . 
 i was shit . 
 my hair was oily and my skin had a greasy look to it . 
 my mouth was dry and it tasted like i had been eating some dead thing . 
 i forced myself into the shower and scrubbed every part i could reach . 
 it was better , but not much . 
 i made some coffee and doused it with jameson . 
 it was early , but what the hell ? 
 in some perverted way i guess i had earned it . 
 so what to do next ? 
 i pulled out my notebook and gripped my trusty ballpoint , but no words came . 
 at least i had ev , and as long as she stayed cool and rational , that was a plus . 
 but i knew she was in agony over ricky . 
 hell ... she loved the man . 
 i did , too . 
 she might just crack and i just might join her . 
 we seemed so damned helpless . 
 my mind went to s. i had n't heard from him since our `` little talk . '' 
 i thought about calling , but it was n't the time . 
 i had a longing that stuck in my gut , hollowed me out , and permeated my entire being . 
 i wanted him to hold me , rock me like a child and whisper it would all be all right . 
 wishful thinking . 
 maybe it was time to grow up . 
 good old dee , she sure knew how to run them off . 
 i guess i had done it again . 
 under normal circumstances , that would have been okay as long as i got laid regularly and in a proper fashion . 
 but not with sterling . 
 insipid clichés crowded my consciousness . 
 `` this is different . '' 
 oh yeah ... and pigs can fly . 
 `` quit your whining , bitch , '' i told myself . 
 time to get over this ` love ' thing . 
 no purple pansies and picket fences for diabla . 
 sorry , that 's the way it is for tough bitches . 
 get used to it and swallow the tears . 
 i went to the office . 
 nothing had changed . 
 i tried to get busy and i still had to make the rent . 
 when my cell rang , i snatched it . 
 no caller id , but i knew the voice . 
 `` i so sorry your visit last night prove unfruitful . 
 we all need our beauty sleep . '' 
 `` where 's ricky , you bastard ? '' 
 `` ah ... wit de names again . 
 it does not flatter a lovely lady such as yurself . 
 yur mother would not be proud . 
 perhaps a bit more courtesy and some patience wud serve you well . 
 bijet know things you wish to know . '' 
 `` where is ricky ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` yu are classic case of de right place at de wrong time . 
 visit us again in de morning , but remember . 
 yu haf safe passage . 
 no need of the .38 . 
 not so yur lady frien ' . 
 yu come ... only yu , and he is yurs . 
 we be watching ... any signs of others , you no see yur partner again ` cept maybe at de morgue '' he hung up . 
 i was scared shitless . 
 only a fool would go back to that warehouse alone . 
 he said i had ` safe passage ' , but in the past i 'd made a strict policy never to trust a psychopath . 
 so far i was still breathing . 
 nevertheless , if ricky was there , i could n't leave him . 
 after listening to bijet , i could n't call ev . 
 i could n't put her in that murky swamp that i was about to wade into up to my neck . 
 it was me . 
 i told myself to be a big girl , but i sure did n't feel like it . 
 i would play their game if i had any chance to get ricky , even it meant leaving myself naked before those bastards . 
 and the .38 , tough shit . 
 it was just like the insurance commercial ... `` do n't leave home without it . '' 
 i did n't sleep ... finally crawled out of the v berth around 4 a.m. covered my body with an old running suit and packed the s and w in the leg holster . 
 it might not help , but the feel of the cold steel against my calf gave me a temporary reprieve from my churning guts . 
 i wanted to be at the warehouse a little before dawn . 
 i drove past the site one last time and decided to park in front . 
 hell , they knew i was here . 
 if they wanted to take me out , hopefully it would be quick , if not painless . 
 the gate we had entered a couple of nights ago was open and so was the warehouse door . 
 there were plenty of footprints in the dust leading in and out . 
 i examined the marks ... $ 200 nikes , no doubt . 
 i gripped the .38 and went in without a sound . 
 no sign of anything living in the empty space ... except for ricky . 
 he was duct taped to a scarred wooden chair , his head resting on his chest . 
 no movement , but as i got closer i could see his chest heaving in silent rhythm . 
 he looked up and tried to speak , but the tape held his lips fast . 
 one more quick scan with the .38 and i was stripping the gray adhesive from his entire body . 
 he got up quickly and pointed to the door . 
 i tried to put my arm around his waist , but he held it off . 
 `` i can walk . '' 
 we made it into the pale light of morning and got into the car . 
 i glanced at his face . 
 a few spots of dried blood , mostly around his temple and his mouth , but not much swelling and no deep cuts visible . 
 he looked pretty damned good for a guy who had been kidnapped and , i guessed , released to deliver a message . 
 one that involved death . 
 `` i do n't know why , but they went easy on me . 
 hell , they could have beat me to a pulp ... even killed me and dumped my corpse in the river . 
 how is henri ? '' 
 i told him about ev and our meeting with henri and grace . 
 that henri was now a ju ju d . 
 he coughed and a little more blood appeared at the corner of his mouth . 
 i handed him a kleenex and related a little more of the story , our previous visit to the warehouse , sterling , captain sullivan and anything else that seemed pertinent . 
 it was all out of order and i was still kind of freaked out , but he seemed to follow every bit and even asked some key questions . 
 he did n't seem surprised when he heard about our discredited secret service agent . 
 i guess evelyn had already shared that tale of woe . 
 he made a crooked smile when i told him how ev had refused to let me handle things alone . 
 it was the love being reignited in his breast ... yeah , like that fire had ever gone out . 
 then he got real quiet . 
 i looked over at him and i could see the furrows deepening in his brow . 
 `` so ricky . 
 what else ? 
 there 's something you 're not telling me . '' 
 `` okay ... there is ... the two buffaloes started at me . 
 believe me , those boys are full of enthusiasm , but bijet called them off . 
 they were highly disappointed . 
 i honestly did n't understand it . 
 i figured if they did n't kill me , at least they 'd want a very damaged product to display as a warning to anyone who messed with them . 
 i was taped to the chair , could n't move . 
 they could do whatever they wanted . 
 he smiled and came over to me . 
 stuck his face right in front of mine . '' 
 `` i love yu , ricky . 
 yu are brave and loyal . 
 i wish it was different . 
 i cud haf used a man like yu . 
 but it was not smart to come into de territory of big ju ju . 
 dis neighborhood and all its people belong to me . 
 i speak ... dey listen ... and dey pay . 
 it is de way of de world . 
 the meek will never inherit the earth . 
 dat is bullshit . 
 it is ruled by de strong and de rutless . 
 dat wud be me . '' 
 ricky paused , and coughed with a labored breath . 
 then he went on with bijet 's words . 
 `` i wud kiss yu , but it is not manly . 
 so i will render yu my affections in a liddle bit different manner . '' 
 ricky forced the words out of his mouth , `` he smiled . 
 then he spit into his hand and placed it on the spot here . '' 
 he pointed to the dried blood on his temple . 
 `` then again to my bleeding lip . '' 
 `` then he backed up and smiled . 
 ` i have given yu my gift , ' he said . 
 they left and i sat taped to this chair in the dust and the darkness . '' 
 my skin was crawling . 
 it was bijet 's `` kiss of death '' ... maybe a different form , but the intent was clear . 
 chapter 15 i called ev , told her i had ricky . 
 `` bring him to my place ... now . '' 
 i did as she instructed . 
 we made it into the penthouse . 
 then she told me to go away ... not too politely . 
 i tried to work . 
 i tried to sleep . 
 finally i tried to drink , but the image of bijet lurked behind my eyes and sucked up my soul like some sort of incubus . 
 ricky seemed okay , but each time i opened my eyes `` the kiss of death '' smothered me like a shroud from every corner . 
 the day would n't go away , but i chased it by shuffling papers , and making calls that i really did n't need to make . 
 then i thought of sullivan . 
 i did n't want the cops out running down a wild goose . 
 he breathed a sign of honest relief when i told him about ricky . 
 he told me to phone him if anything came up or he could provide more information . 
 `` you need it , you got it , '' were the captain 's last words . 
 but what i needed was me and bijet alone in a dark place with the s and w pointed at his head . 
 the cell rang early . 
 i was hoping for sterling . 
 i had n't heard word one from him since our somewhat fateful conversation . 
 i was worn out on the tough broad routine . 
 i needed a man so i could bury my head in his chest and sob . 
 it just was n't happening . 
 `` dee , its evelyn . 
 i could n't get his fever down . 
 he was vomiting every half hour , bile and even some blood . 
 i tried everything . 
 no luck . '' 
 `` how about the hospital ? '' 
 `` we 're at broward county memorial right now . 
 he 's in intensive care . 
 the doctors are baffled . 
 room 601 . '' 
 `` i 'm going to make one call , then i 'm on my way . '' 
 i dialed dr. paul galliano and told him enough of what had happened . 
 he said to call as soon as there was an update from the hospital . 
 i promised i would . 
 i knew i looked like crap as i sprang into the dusty focus , but it was n't time to get on my diva look . 
 i 'm sure i broke a record slew of traffic laws on the way , but soon i was parked in the visitors ' lot . 
 my finger got numb in the lobby hammering away at the button on the elevator . 
 but machines take their own sweet time . 
 i told the nurse i was ricky 's wife . 
 i think the look on my face put a quick end to further questions . 
 she handed me a set of green paper scrubs , two latex gloves , and a mask . 
 `` put them on , '' she told me , `` and under no circumstances whatsoever are you to have any physical contact with the patient . '' 
 she glared at me until i nodded understanding , then told me his sister was in the room with him . 
 sister ? 
 i figured ev had pulled a fast one to get him admitted and gain unlimited access to the room . 
 i walked into the room quietly . 
 some sort of white cottony cover had been slipped over the doorknob . 
 the smell of disinfectant hit my nose like a belt of ammonia . 
 the walls were painted in that sickly color of green that these places buy by the container load . 
 i nodded to ev . 
 she shook her head , but said nothing . 
 ricky lay on the ghostly sheets . 
 a plastic tube leading from the oxygen dispenser on the wall was taped across his nose . 
 his chest heaved , but the breathing was way too quiet . 
 on the other side of the bed was an intravenous feed with two needles , one in his arm just below the elbow and the other in the top of his hand . 
 i watched the rise and fall of the heart monitor . 
 it seemed stable . 
 his blood pressure was a little low , but close enough to normal . 
 the area around his eyes was black , but the wounds he had sustained were already starting to close up . 
 his skin had a jaundiced look beneath the surface . 
 i got close to his ear and spoke to him . 
 he did n't move . 
 evelyn pulled me into a corner to the right of the silent tv set . 
 `` they ca n't get his fever down . 
 they are trying to rehydrate him and treat it with antibiotics . 
 they gave him an anti-nausea drug and at least he is n't vomiting constantly . 
 he had a lot of congestion , but they think they 've got that under control . 
 they 've run multiple tests , but they do n't know , dee . 
 they do n't know what it is or how to treat it . 
 the doctor was honest . 
 he told me they were shooting in the dark . '' 
 she sniffed and fought off a sob . 
 i looked back at ricky . 
 now i could see the distinctive tint of yellow beneath his skin . 
 grace 's description of jacques ' death flashed in my mind . 
 `` i got ta make a call , '' i said and slipped out of the room . 
 dr. galliano answered on the first ring . 
 i told him about ricky , tried to repeat all of the things ev had told me . 
 `` look , '' he said , `` i 've got hospital privileges at broward memorial . 
 i 'll be up as soon as i complete my eleven o’clock lecture at the university . 
 i should be there a little after lunch . '' 
 i thanked him , gave him the room number and hung up . 
 i went down the hall to use the restroom . 
 yeah , i looked like shit when i came in and now i looked like more shit . 
 on the way back down the hall , my cell vibrated . 
 i checked the caller id . 
 it was grace . 
 `` oh , god , dee . 
 henri came home in tears . 
 he told me about ricky . 
 some of the gang had made jokes about what they called ricky 's final performance . 
 one called it a ` bloody swan song . ' 
 henri did n't know that expression , but he figured it meant something evil . 
 he asked me . 
 i told him . 
 what have they done to ricky ? 
 is he okay ? '' 
 i told her where we were and described the symptoms . 
 there was a hush over the phone . 
 i thought for a moment it had gone dead . 
 then i heard her breathing in short gasps . 
 i said her name and barely heard the words she spoke , `` the mondatti . 
 he has the mondatti . 
 it is ` the kiss . '' 
 then she hung up . 
 i went back to the room and told evelyn about the two calls . 
 `` mondatti ? 
 kiss of death ? 
 sounds like old wive 's tales . '' 
 `` it does ev , but a lot of people believe them , and that may make it real . '' 
 chapter 16 dr. galliano entered the room in the same outfit that ev and i were forced to wear . 
 he smiled beneath the mask . 
 `` i 've already talked to doctor ling here at the hospital and asked him if i could consult . 
 he 's a very good man . 
 skilled , smart , patient , and he has called in a couple of specialists for a second opinion . 
 but this case has them all very confused . 
 he signed off on my request to examine ricky . 
 i need to ask you both to leave for a few minutes . 
 have some coffee , walk around . 
 you both look like you could use a break . '' 
 i followed ev out and snatched off my mask . 
 even with the hospital smell blanketing the air , it felt good to breathe without the synthetic fabric cloying at my face . 
 we walked down the hall to the waiting area . 
 actually the machine coffee tasted pretty damned good , but it was probably because i had n't eaten since last night . 
 neither of us spoke . 
 ev sat and i stretched for a moment then settled beside her . 
 i placed my hand on her knee . 
 she folded her arms and began to shake , like winter had suddenly dropped into the room . 
 i had a hard time not joining her , but i wanted to hear very clearly when dr. galliano spoke . 
 that 's what happened about ten minutes later . 
 he did n't know much more than we did . 
 i asked him about his theory of an ebola carrier , a man who could transmit the disease , but would n't be affected by the virus , himself . 
 `` i ca n't say for sure . 
 we do know that what ricky has is not ebola , but it is viral and it is resistant to any kind of treatment that we can administer at this time . 
 we 've got to keep him hydrated and control the fever . 
 past that , we wait . 
 i will go online . 
 we physicians have our own websites and reference through the cdc and other agencies . 
 perhaps i will find something . 
 there is always hope . '' 
 yes , i thought ... and there is always death . 
 i told him about grace 's call and ask about `` the mondatti . '' 
 he shook his head , but promised to include it in his search . 
 he started back down the hall , removing the scrubs as he went . 
 four days later evelyn had hardly left the room . 
 i was trying to keep the business going , but without ricky , i wondered if i could ... or if i even wanted to . 
 i spent hours in the room , insisting that she leave at least once a day to shower and change clothes . 
 each time she protested , but finally left , only to come back within an hour . 
 dr. ling made rounds morning and afternoon , joined by dr. galliano in the late afternoon . 
 we spoke outside the room after every visit , but the news was always the same . 
 on the fifth night it happened . 
 it was near 2 a.m. ev and i were asleep in the chairs on either side of his bed . 
 i woke with a start . 
 something was different . 
 i shook my head to get my senses . 
 my focus fell on ricky . 
 his chest no longer rose . 
 then a panicked glance at the monitor . 
 the line was flat . 
 a nurse rushed into the room and took his pulse . 
 she radioed for a defibrillator , but the yellow beneath his skin had been replaced by the gray color of soft clay . 
 i did n't cry . 
 neither did ev . 
 that would be for later when each of us was alone in the darkness . 
 the me asked for a release to do an autopsy . 
 still posing as the wife , i signed the document ... but i requested that the body be released for cremation within 48 hours . 
 they assured me they would do the best they could , then transfer the body to the funeral home that ev and i had agreed on . 
 ricky had always made it clear that he wanted no obituary , no formal ceremony , just the services of a catholic priest and a quiet goodbye to those who were close in life . 
 that was me and evelyn . 
 we both loved him , maybe in different ways , but it was love , nevertheless . 
 i had known father martinez ever since i came to lauderdale . 
 i was never much for religion , had n't been inside a church in years . 
 but ricky had told me once that even though `` he was n't a very good catholic , '' he was born one and would die one . 
 i guess he got his wish . 
 the well intentioned priest met us at the mausoleum . 
 it was quick and nobody said much . 
 as we turned to go , i saw captain sullivan standing beside his unmarked about twenty-five yards away . 
 he took a step or two toward us and waited . 
 when we got close , he took my arm and spoke in a near whisper . 
 `` bijet and his boys have lunch most days around two p.m. at hole in the wall called the caribbean dream . 
 it 's on a side street just north of downtown . 
 203 garvey lane . 
 ca n't tell you why , but the boys in blue rarely cruise that neighborhood in the afternoons . 
 saving themselves for the nighttime . 
 that 's when the serious thugs come out to play . 
 just thought you might like to know . '' 
 i looked at him and mouthed the word thanks without making a sound . 
 ev had heard every word . 
 she squeezed my hand and we went to my car . 
 when we had closed both doors , evelyn put her hand on my forearm and turned to me . 
 i expected tears , but instead an image of grim determination was etched into her face . 
 `` sorry dee ... no discussion ... you have a new partner . 
 it 's me . 
 i apologize for the short notice . 
 i 've already resigned at the firm and made a few calls . 
 my pi license is at the courthouse . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 so i said nothing . 
 the silence was as thick as smoke . 
 chapter 17 it rained during the night . 
 the leaden drops on the cabin top sounded like pings on a tin roof . 
 the next morning was a nasty combination of fog and drizzle . 
 still nothing from s , but i damned sure was n't going to call him . 
 i was totally cried out and more than slightly hung over . 
 my old pal jameson is a friend and a comforter , but too much makes your head swell like an overripe cantaloupe . 
 it sounds stupid , but i really did n't care . 
 the only thing on my mind was the clown and how to get the sonovabitch . 
 evelyn and i had agreed to meet at the office around ten . 
 i took my time getting ready . 
 ricky would be awfully disappointed if he thought i was still in my bag lady persona , circumstances notwithstanding . 
 i did the makeup , the hair , then dressed like i was headed for the runway . 
 my only concession was the white nikes . 
 even with the swollen eyes , i looked pretty damned good . 
 i guess i wanted to do it ... whatever it was ... with class . 
 ev came in right after me . 
 it 's like we had read each other 's minds . 
 her mahogany hair was gleaming like a mink in heat . 
 she had gone conservative , halston , i suspected . 
 same problem as me with the swollen eyes , but minus that , she looked like a dark giselle bundchen or a lighter tyra banks . 
 we both knew why we were here . 
 i shut off the phones and we began to plan . 
 it really was n't much . 
 we would stake out the caribbean dream and if bozo and the buffaloes showed up , we 'd offer one hot greeting . 
 we went by the local rent-a-wreck and picked out the oldest , dirtiest , dinged-up , taurus on the lot . 
 we looked for tinted windows . 
 sometimes it 's a good thing to be invisible . 
 hey , $ 29.95 could still get you semi-reliable transportation . 
 she started up just fine , still a little life in the old v-6 . 
 it was about eleven when we pulled out of the lot . 
 in thirty minutes we were parked on garvey ave. just a few doors down and across the street from the caribbean dream . 
 it was too damned quiet . 
 i guessed all of the bad boys were sleeping off a night of hustling drugs and intimidating helpless neighborhood folks . 
 it had cleared up and the florida sun was scorching us like a couple of tv dinners in an oven on broil . 
 the air conditioning was squealing its complaints . 
 marginally functional , to say the least . 
 we sweated , cracked the windows , sipped coffee , and waited . 
 a few people were in and out , but i figured the owner had the same problem we did making the rent . 
 of course , bijet might be providing some help . 
 it was 2:30 . 
 i began to think our boy had opted for something a little fancier . 
 what the hell , he could afford it . 
 i started the wreck and was ready to pull from the curb when a shiny black escalade came around the corner and parked right in front of the old store front . 
 buffalo number one squeezed his bulk from under the wheel . 
 he looked up and down the street , then opened the rear door . 
 i saw the top hat first . 
 his hand thrust through the opening and the silk gleamed in the sun . 
 the white greasepaint was glued to his face . 
 i wondered if he slept in it . 
 buffalo number two got out on the other side and also did a scan . 
 then the three of them went into the dream . 
 we sat very still . 
 ev and i both checked our weapons . 
 give them time to get served . 
 maybe they 'd be preoccupied with lunch when we burst through the door . 
 i wo n't lie to you . 
 i had a serious case of the heebie jeebies and from the look on ev 's face , we shared the same disease . 
 but we both knew it was n't about us . 
 it was about ricky ... and his killer . 
 i nodded at her and we exited the car . 
 i had the .38 in my hand and at my side , my index finger already on the trigger . 
 when i opened the door , i smelled the hot pork and rice . 
 bijet had a side of plantains and a clear milkshake cup of what looked like thick sangria . 
 the buffaloes were at a separate table to the left wolfing down huge plates of unidentifiable stuff . 
 they all froze when we bolted in . 
 ev propped a chair at an angle under the door knob and flipped the open sign to closed . 
 sorry . 
 the dream was not accepting customers at this time . 
 bijet looked at me and laughed . 
 `` ahhh , i see yu take my advice . 
 yu look quite lovely . 
 de hair , de makeup , even de outfit . 
 it suits a lady such as yurself so much better . 
 would yu like some plantains ? 
 i have more dan i can eat . '' 
 number one started to ease up from his table , but before he was halfway , ev 's sig was trained on his chest . 
 he slid back down into the chair , raised his hands in a mock no-offense gesture , and smiled . 
 i wanted to shoot the sonovabitch right there , but i also wanted him to know it was his time to die . 
 i wanted to watch him squirm , hoped he 'd piss his pants just before i put a .38 slug between his eyes . 
 i waited . 
 `` yu know dat dis means de order of yur safety is no longer valid . 
 we can kill yu at any time and yur partner , of course , beautiful as she is . 
 such a waste . 
 but perhaps yu sit down . 
 we talk . 
 bijet is not witout resources . 
 i am truly sorry about ricky , but when in power , it is sometimes necessary to make an example . 
 yu want to kill me , but dere are others . 
 dey are loyal . 
 don ' think if i am gone dat dis is over . '' 
 he pointed at the chair next to him . 
 ever polite and gracious . 
 `` i do n't doubt you , bijet . 
 i 'll admit it . 
 i am very much afraid of the ju ju 's . 
 i do n't want to have to look over my shoulder every time i cross the street in this town . 
 but you are right . 
 sometimes it is necessary to set an example . 
 the example is you . '' 
 i held the s and w with both hands . 
 i took a couple of steps closer and trained it on his forehead . 
 i was fifteen feet from him . 
 i did n't think i could miss from this distance . 
 my finger began to squeeze the trigger . 
 suddenly i heard someone banging on the door . 
 ev turned for a moment and , like lightning , number one had her in bear hug from behind . 
 i felt a slug like a lead bat hit the back of my neck . 
 number two was standing over me . 
 he flexed his knee to drop his massive body onto my chest . 
 i fired off a round into his belly . 
 he looked startled , put his paw on the wound . 
 he drew his palm up to his face and smelled the blood . 
 a thick moment and he dropped . 
 then the mist came in . 
 i fought the darkness , but it was circling and closing . 
 i struggled , reaching for consciousness like a drowning man , but the dusky water was rising and i could feel the cling of the choking miasma consuming me . 
 through the haze i heard the burst of a door exploding . 
 i crawled to my knees . 
 the second buffalo was motionless on the floor beside the table . 
 ev 's nine was across the room , far from her reach . 
 bijet sat astride her , holding her hands above her head . 
 she squirmed and kicked , but his weight held her down . 
 his face was inches from hers and his lips were like the fold s of a leech . 
 the kiss . 
 the one that had sent ricky into hell . 
 shoot him , i thought ... but my eyes were dancing like a tortured snake . 
 there were two of everything and i was n't sure which was which . 
 if i did n't fire , she would wither and die with those goddamned tubes hooked up to her and her skin going from yellow to gray . 
 but which one ? 
 i raised the .38 . 
 my hand was shaking . 
 i had to go for broke . 
 my ears were slammed by the sharp report of a small caliber pistol . 
 i looked up to see sterling , a small ruger in his hand . 
 it was still pointed at bijet 's collapsing body . 
 s put two more rounds in him as he fell off evelyn . 
 s offered his hand . 
 she took it and struggled to her feet . 
 the she grabbed the sig and held it tightly , pointing first at the man sprawled beside her , then checking the two buffaloes . 
 neither was moving . 
 sterling knelt beside me . 
 he shook me slightly . 
 when my eyes began to focus , he kissed me lightly on the cheek . 
 `` time to go , '' he whispered . 
 i stopped for moment and stared at bijet 's corpse . 
 even through the blood oozing out of his mouth , the bastard was still grinning . 
 i went back to the table and picked up the silk top hat . 
 i dropped it next to the body as we left . 
 we walked out of the dream , ev and i on either arm of the man who had saved our lives . 
 the old bomb purred to life . 
 no blood and no bullet holes . 
 i figured we 'd get back the full deposit . 
 the street was quiet and hot , the sun still hammering the innocent ... and the guilty . 
 which ones were we ? 
 no pedestrians on the street , and no cops . 
 captain sullivan was right . 
 chapter 18 of course , the police investigated . 
 they had to . 
 it was a homicide . 
 the owner of the restaurant had been in the back the whole time . 
 big surprise ... he heard nothing , saw nothing . 
 one of the buffaloes was doa and the other one was still in intensive care . 
 he was conscious enough to tell the cops that he had just stopped in for lunch and did n't know `` nutin ' ` bout no shootin . '' 
 i knew ... and that was all that mattered . 
 i did n't think anyone would miss the ju ju d 's too damned much . 
 when we got back to the office , ev started shuffling papers and making the partner 's desk her own . 
 she still trembled occasionally , but she hid it quite nicely . 
 i hoped i was doing as well . 
 i called rasta luv . 
 the voice on the line was unfamiliar . 
 i asked for grace and a lady courteously informed me that she and henri had left town . 
 she thought they had moved to be closer to relatives in gifford , a small town north of vero beach . 
 grace apparently had a job up there at mulligan 's on the beach . 
 she did n't expect them back . 
 sterling and i met for dinner at a little italian place in town . 
 the tables were small and the cloths had red and white checks . 
 it was `` bottle of red , bottle of white , '' just like the billy joel song . 
 s apologized for not contacting me sooner . 
 i told him that was okay . 
 i thanked him for showing up in the right place at the right time . 
 i did n't ask any more questions . 
 i was n't even sure i wanted the answers . 
 bijet 's grin was still locked in my mind , but we did n't talk about that either . 
 i told about my new partner . 
 `` ev is a tough lady , '' he said , `` smart , quick , and loyal . 
 i think it will work out just fine . 
 but now it 's time to talk about us . '' 
 i think i probably blushed . 
 i do n't do that very often , but right now it seemed awfully damned appropriate . 
 he reached across the table and put his hand on mine . 
 it was warm and it made me feel safe . 
 it seemed like a long time since i 'd had that in my breast . 
 `` so what do you think ? 
 could you be happy in a penthouse on the beach with a busy sports agent who ca n't cook or clean and has to hop a plane on short notice sometimes ? 
 maybe i could throw in a housekeeper . '' 
 i laughed and tried to keep the smile from bursting out of me . 
 after all , a girl needs to play hard to get on occasion . 
 but what 's the point ? 
 i always liked that old line from `` the godfather . '' 
 `` make ` em an offer they ca n't refuse . '' 
