 run run run a nursery rhyme suspense gingerbread man -lrb- episode 1 -rrb- by lee strauss run run run by lee strauss mystery sci-fi -lrb- romantic suspense -rrb- cover by steven novak illustrations copyright © 2015 isbn : 9781927547311 smashwords edition this is a work of fiction and the views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author . 
 likewise , characters , places and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are represented fictitiously and nay resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual event or locales , is entirely coincidental . 
 all rights reserved . 
 this book , or parts thereof , may not be reproduced in any form without permission . 
 college girl meets boy online . 
 a killer targets girls like her . 
 she 's next on the list . 
 the boy wants to save her . 
 she thinks it 's him . 
 it 's worse than they both think . 
 chapter 1 teagan sage leaned her dark head against the open bathroom door . 
 `` teagan , are you sure you do n't want to come ? '' 
 teagan glanced at her through the reflection in the mirror and watched as sage scratched at her left forearm . 
 teagan let her messy blond locks fall over her eyes and returned to the vigorous scrubbing of her hands . 
 clay from her sculpting class remained stubbornly under her nails . 
 she swallowed a lump . 
 sage was leaving her to go out for drinks with a bunch of math brainiacs . 
 it was nice of sage to invite her , but teagan did n't like to meet new people in that kind of setting . 
 it was too loud to have a decent conversation and too crowded . 
 all the noise and the bodies overwhelmed her . 
 besides , teagan had nothing in common with sage 's friends , and she 'd just end up looking like a dork with no one to talk to . 
 `` nah , i 'm really tired , '' teagan said , avoiding sage 's eyes . 
 `` and i 've got a lot of reading to do . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 teagan glanced up at her then , since refusing would just make sage persist . 
 she forced a small smile . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 go have fun . '' 
 sage left and teagan actually felt relieved . 
 she enjoyed solitude and quiet . 
 she finished her homework and required reading for the night and eventually found herself playing on the campus 's facefacts sites . 
 she joined the student chat forums thinking she could hang out virtually . 
 it was quieter and safer , socially speaking . 
 she did n't have to worry if she was wearing the right thing or if she laughed at the wrong moment . 
 rain began to pelt the windows , the first weather change since college started , and teagan saw a huge bolt of lightning stretch across the emerald sky . 
 the lights in the room flickered , and a sizzling electric shock zapped her fingers through the keyboard . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 she rubbed her fingertips . 
 not that it hurt so much . 
 it just surprised her . 
 nothing like that had ever happened before . 
 a quick look around the room confirmed that the lights and electricity continued to function normally . 
 teagan tentatively lowered her fingers to the keyboard and let out a short breath . 
 she examined her laptop and both the hardware and software programs seemed to be fine . 
 she shook it off as a random freak event . 
 it was a slow night in the chat forums -lrb- presumably because everyone was out socializing in real life -rrb- and not many people were signed on . 
 teagan randomly picked a person : averagegeek99 . 
 she considered herself an art geek and just a geek in general , so she felt a measure of confidence that averagegeek99 and she could be friends . 
 @art4ever to @averagegeek99 : hi teagan waited , but averagegeek99 did n't respond . 
 maybe he or she was shy ? 
 or away from their desk ? 
 or just forgot to log off . 
 it was entirely possible that she was the only student at detroit university who remained in her dorm room on a friday night . 
 she almost shut her laptop when she heard the beep indicating a response to her salutation . 
 @averagegeek99 : hi , @art4ever . 
 now what ? 
 teagan did n't even know if this was a guy or girl , and it was hard to tell by their poorly chosen blurry profile picture . 
 best just to ask . 
 @art4ever : i hope you are n't offended by my next question , but might you be mr. averagegeek99 or ms averagegeek99 ? 
 @averagegeek99 : most definitely mr. i assume you are a student , ms. art4ever . 
 your profile pic makes your gender clear . 
 note to self : must change my profile pic pronto ! 
 @art4ever : i am . 
 in the arts program . 
 freshman . 
 you ? 
 oh , this was fun ! 
 and worry free . 
 if the conversation got weird she 'd just say goodbye and log out . 
 no awkward conversational dead spaces where you did n't know where to look exactly , or inner debates on whether it was socially acceptable to excuse oneself after fifteen minutes at a party -lrb- or worse , a date -- not that she 'd know -rrb- and how to go about a successful extraction . 
 @averagegeek99 : i 'm in the science program , so not likely to share any classes . 
 unfortunately . 
 frankly , teagan was glad about that . 
 for what it was , she liked to keep her online social life separate from her real-life social life . 
 it was neater that way . 
 @averagegeek99 : also freshman . 
 do you hail from detroit ? 
 @art4ever : no . 
 i 'm an import from illinois . 
 @averagegeek99 : a worthy state . 
 @art4ever : i think so . 
 detroit is lovely though . 
 @averagegeek99 : lol teagan was a little confused as to why he thought that was funny . 
 she chalked it up to the lack of emotional signals that one gets through vocal expression , certain nuances that can be missed when typing a conversation . 
 @art4ever : i take it you are also spending this fine friday evening in your dorm room ? 
 @art4ever : not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
 @art4ever : obviously . 
 as i am also , clearly , not out . 
 oh , god . 
 she was wrong about not being a social misfit online . 
 she sounded like a loser . 
 @averagegeek99 : friday nights out on the town are hugely overrated . 
 @averagegeek99 : in my humble opinion she liked this guy ! 
 @art4ever : i could n't agree more . 
 besides chatting with perfect strangers not irl , what else do you like to do ? 
 do you like music ? 
 mr. averagegeek99 proceeded to fill her feed with a long list of his favorite bands . 
 teagan was happy to see they were a mix of mostly indie and many she had n't heard of . 
 she was rewarded with a couple links and took a listen . 
 @art4ever : you have good taste in music . 
 i like it very much . 
 before she knew it , midnight had come and gone . 
 she 'd spent three hours talking to a perfect stranger whose face she could n't imagine . 
 @art4ever : would you like to chat again tomorrow ? 
 it was a brazen post and teagan immediately regretted it . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 how pathetic must he think she was now ? 
 worse , he did n't respond right away , and when he did teagan 's cheeks blushed with embarrassment . 
 she was so thankful he could n't see her . 
 @averagegeek99 : i 'm sorry . 
 i have something on tomorrow night . 
 she typed quickly . 
 @art4ever : of course . 
 actually , i do too . 
 completely forgot . 
 i can be such a dunce sometimes . 
 there . 
 he was off the hook . 
 this was just a one-time thing . 
 no biggie . 
 whatever . 
 @averagegeek99 : how about the day after next ? 
 oh . 
 he did want to meet her again . 
 she felt her lips purse into a smile . 
 @art4ever : okay . 
 sure . 
 same time ? 
 @averagegeek99 : same time . 
 see you then ! 
 teagan did n't know why this made her happy . 
 she had no idea who averagegeek99 was or even what he looked like . 
 but he had a very nice online personality . 
 a little warning flag niggled at the back of her brain about the dangers of online dating , but it was n't like their meeting online sunday night was a date . 
 he was a friend . 
 not even a friend . 
 faceless and nameless . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 chapter 2 sage i sat propped against soft pillows on my narrow bed , my laptop comfortably resting on my legs , and adjusted the lenses on my face . 
 i had a collection of nonprescription glasses and today i wore the purple plastic frames . 
 lots of people wore them as a fashion accessory , which had become the trend since prescription lenses became a thing of the past , but i liked to wear them because they detracted from my nose . 
 it had a notable bridge , and i was always self-conscious about it . 
 teagan said it made me look refined and sophisticated , but that was easy to say when you had a cute little ski-slope for a nose . 
 my eyes zeroed in on the campus website 's front page . 
 `` did you see these special bulletins warning girls not to walk alone after dark ? '' 
 i said to teagan . 
 `` there 's even a free self-defense class offered . '' 
 teagan glanced up from her tablet and frowned . 
 `` this campus is safe , right ? 
 those announcements are just the administration doing its due diligence . 
 right ? '' 
 she stroked the blue streak in her hair . 
 `` there has n't been a serious crime committed against a student at detroit university in over fifteen years . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it 's perfectly safe , '' i responded , fully aware of her ocd process when it came to sending out college applications . 
 `` but it 's always good to be on alert , no ? '' 
 teagan nodded , her shoulders relaxing , and her attention returned to her tablet . 
 she twisted the blue streak in her hair around her fingers . 
 the splash of color was a new addition , a move of passive rebellion against her controlling mother . 
 teagan and i became best friends the day i moved into the house next door to hers , back in fifth grade . 
 she ran over to say hi , a bubbly wide smile on her round babyface . 
 her mother followed quickly wearing a body-fitting dress and high heels . 
 i remembered , even at that young age , that she did n't look like any mom i 'd ever known , and certainly not like my mother who wore loose jeans and an oversized sweater with sneakers on her feet most days . 
 mrs. lake introduced herself politely , but i did n't miss her look of disapproval . 
 she apologized for interrupting us since we were obviously very busy moving , and then pulled teagan away by her skinny arms . 
 i thought that would be the last i 'd see of teagan , but we had to ride the bus together and ended up in the same class . 
 mrs. lake could n't stop us from being friends and eventually she just accepted that i was going to be a part of her life like an annoying stray dog . 
 after a few years she began to soften toward me and now i believed she actually liked me a little bit . 
 `` did you know van gogh went crazy ? '' 
 teagan said . 
 `` died before he saw any success . 
 makes me wonder once again about the wisdom of going for an arts degree . '' 
 `` because you 're a fantastic artist , '' i said . 
 only a few weeks into the first semester and teagan had already decorated our room with her art projects . 
 they made the small space feel warm and cozy . 
 she flashed me an appreciative grin . 
 `` and i 'm crazy . '' 
 `` you 're not crazy . 
 i could n't imagine you doing anything else . '' 
 `` ah , thanks , besty . '' 
 i laughed at her . 
 `` you know it 's true . '' 
 i checked the time and took a deep breath . 
 if teagan had her way , we 'd stay in every night , just the two of us , watching streaming tv or listening to music while doing homework . 
 i needed more . 
 i needed different . 
 i also did n't want to hurt teagan 's feelings by leaving her out , so i extended another offer . 
 `` a few of us are meeting for drinks soon . 
 you should come this time . '' 
 teagan let her tablet fall to her lap . 
 `` again ? 
 what the hay ? 
 you 're not even old enough to drink . '' 
 `` they serve soda , ya know . 
 it 's just a social thing . 
 it 's not about getting drunk . 
 teagan , come with me ! 
 you 're acting like an old lady staying home all weekend alone . 
 all you need are a couple cats . '' 
 teagan 's face fell and i steeled myself for another rejection , a repeat of her mini lecture on how she preferred small social groups of two , three tops , but she surprised me by saying , `` fine . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 i bounced a little on my bed , but restrained myself from showing too much enthusiasm . 
 i did n't want to scare her off . 
 `` it 'll be fun , you 'll see . '' 
 i winked . 
 `` maybe you 'll meet your ` cute , well-rounded , thoughtful guy . '' ' 
 she threw a pillow at me . 
 `` i so regret telling you that ! '' 
 i chuckled . 
 teagan had made it through high school without a boyfriend . 
 she claimed to be too busy with her art projects and working on getting the best grades she could . 
 dating took up too much time . 
 she claimed she was waiting for a cute , well-rounded , thoughtful guy . 
 i often accused her of being too picky . 
 she said she wanted a romantic , mature guy who did n't think burping the alphabet while drunk on beer was the epitome of modern culture . 
 she had a point . 
 i 'd dated enough immature guys to know . 
 plus there was her mother . 
 i did n't blame teagan for not wanting to bring guys home with her there . 
 for many reasons . 
 i pushed my laptop aside and began to dress . 
 i searched for my cleanest jeans and a long-sleeved blouse . 
 almost time to make a trip to the laundry again . 
 teagan stared at the pile of clothes that cascaded out over her open dresser drawers . 
 `` what should i wear ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` is this a cute-little-dress function or a jeans-and-pretty-blouse affair ? '' 
 `` jeans , '' i said . 
 `` do you have heels with you ? 
 that 'll dress them up . '' 
 teagan did n't often wear heels because she was already quite tall and i knew she hated feeling like she was towering over everyone . 
 she tended to slouch to compensate . 
 she sifted through an assortment of scarves lifting a red one with white polka dots in one hand and a purple and yellow paisley print in the other . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` purple . 
 it brings out the green flecks in your eyes . '' 
 she folded the scarf until it was a narrow band , wrapped it over her head and made a knot at the base of her neck . 
 now that teagan had agreed to come , she was taking her time getting ready , a typical stall tactic . 
 i 'd already dressed , applied makeup , and did my hair while she was still messing around . 
 i grabbed the handle of our door with one hand and tapped my foot . 
 `` almost done ? '' 
 i hated to be late to anything , even when it was just meeting up casually with friends . 
 teagan was almost always late . 
 she rushed around under my scrutiny , grabbed her jacket and threw her phone into her purse . 
 she flashed a careful smile . 
 `` as ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 chapter 3 a wry smile tugged up one side of his face as he counted all the pretty blond heads at the campus bar . 
 he felt like a cougar at a gazelle convention . 
 he 'd developed a taste for feisty blonds at fifteen when he cornered unsuspecting little lola fenster at a party . 
 that party happened on a saturday night , forty-five minutes after his old man had used him as a punching bag . 
 his mother , with her perfectly coifed blond hair winced as her son took each blow , but did nothing to stop it . 
 nothing . 
 he hated her . 
 lola and doug fenster 's parents had left for the weekend , giving doug a long-awaited opportunity to throw the biggest party of the year . 
 doug was supposed to be watching his twelve-year-old sister , but he 'd gotten so stupidly drunk that night he had trouble locating the bathroom , much less paying attention to her . 
 smug little lola reminded him of his mother , the way she twisted her blond hair around her finger and ignored him with a cocky superiority . 
 he was still tense and riled up , adrenaline rushing from the pain his father had inflicted to his torso . 
 the bastard never struck his face where he might leave evidence of his brutality ; his bruising ran from the neck down . 
 he needed a way to find a release . 
 something . 
 that was when lola strutted past him dressed like she was an eighteen-year-old hooker without even a nod of acknowledgment , as if he were yesterday 's trash . 
 he knew the layout of doug 's house , having been invited over once before . 
 he knew about the guest room . 
 he sprinted up the stairs and reached lola just as she walked past the bedroom door . 
 he grabbed her by the arm , pushed her into the darkened room and slapped a hand over her mouth , stifling her screams . 
 the way she fought back just excited him more . 
 the loud music from the floor below drowned out her muffled cries . 
 he took what he wanted and threatened to kill her and her family if she told anyone about it . 
 he zipped his pants and headed out through the party like he was just stepping outside for a smoke . 
 no one looked at him like they could tell what he 'd just done . 
 he kept walking until he was alone on the street . 
 he felt powerful , awash with a sense of euphoria . 
 there had been a couple other girls since , but they 'd been passed out from the date rape drug he 'd put in their drinks , and those ones had n't been very satisfying . 
 he liked it better when they fought back . 
 screamed a little . 
 their eyes glassy with fear and awash with pain , dulling finally with resignation . 
 he hated when they cried but there was nothing he could do about that . 
 unless he shut them up for good . 
 he ordered a beer . 
 `` welcome to detroit university , '' the server said after ascertaining that he was new to the city . 
 `` have a good time . '' 
 `` thanks , '' he returned with a warm smile . 
 `` i think it 's going to be a great year . '' 
 chapter 4 teagan the club was a trendy place on the perimeter of the university grounds . 
 energy-efficient cars moved quietly along tree-lined roads . 
 pop music played loudly through a speaker system and the air smelled like beer and savory food . 
 french fries and nachos . 
 someone waved from a table in the center of the room and sage waved back as she and teagan wove their way through the crowd . 
 `` hey , everyone ! '' 
 sage said while taking an empty seat . 
 `` this is teagan . '' 
 teagan took the last chair beside her and waved limply . 
 `` teagan , this is everyone . '' 
 teagan smiled but wished that sage had taken the trouble to tell her actual names . 
 teagan covertly examined each face , giving the guys an extra moment as she tried to discern if any of them could be averagegeek99 . 
 she stared when they looked off to the side , but even their profiles did n't give her enough clues . 
 hmm . 
 it occurred to her that averagegeek99 knew what she looked like by her profile pic , but there would be no way she could pick him out in a crowd based on his . 
 she 'd have to rely on him recognizing her and making introductions . 
 sage whispered in her ear . 
 `` why are you staring like that ? '' 
 `` i 'm staring ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's weird . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'll stop . '' 
 teagan reverted to gazing at her hands . 
 finally , a server came and she ordered a coke . 
 the conversation at the table moved from math to movies to sports . 
 two of the math whizzes also played hockey for the university team . 
 full scholarships . 
 teagan knew this because one of the guys , chet -lrb- sage had addressed him as such -rrb- , told them . 
 twice , in case they missed it the first time . 
 his dark eyes kept cutting to teagan and shifting away when she caught him looking . 
 `` teagan lake , right ? '' 
 teagan 's head popped up at the mention of her name . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the guy next to her waved a hand in front of her face , and his mouth pulled up into an amused smile . 
 `` over here . '' 
 she glanced at him cautiously . 
 `` how do you know my last name ? '' 
 `` i 'm in your philosophy class . 
 i sit behind you . 
 i 'm jake wentworth . '' 
 he held out his hand and teagan stared at it for a second before it clicked that he wanted her to shake it . 
 `` oh , hi . '' 
 she could n't help the little giggle that escaped her lips . 
 jake was attractive , and he smelled good . 
 maybe he was her cute , well-rounded , thoughtful guy . 
 they talked a little about the class and how much they liked professor madsen , but then his attention went back to the other guys at the table and the subject of hockey , which she knew nothing about and therefore was ill-equipped to contribute to the conversation further . 
 teagan found herself searching the sea of faces beyond their table , wondering if one of them belonged to averagegeek99 . 
 she waited for some sign of recognition . 
 a connected gaze that lasted a moment longer than necessary , but alas , there was nothing so romantic as that . 
 jake nudged her arm and she spent the rest of the evening chatting with him about mundane things . 
 the experience was surprisingly pleasant until chet threw a peanut at jake to get his attention . 
 it ricocheted off the table and hit her in the forehead . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 `` jerkwad ! '' 
 jake said . 
 then to teagan , `` are you okay ? '' 
 she pressed two fingers against her forehead and forced a small laugh . 
 `` yeah , it 's nothing . 
 just an accident . '' 
 she glanced up across the table at chet , expecting to see an expression of surprise and remorse . 
 instead , his dark gaze narrowed before he quickly looked away . 
 what was his problem ? 
 teagan turned to sage and pleaded with her eyes to please go home . 
 sage stiffened under her less than subtle stare . 
 `` okay , fine , '' she finally said . 
 `` we 'll go . '' 
 chapter 5 marlow for some reason i could n't stop thinking about art4ever . 
 her profile picture was cute , but you could n't trust those . 
 for all i knew , she pulled the photo offline and she did n't look like that at all . 
 but i could n't complain since mine was n't even gender-definable , apparently . 
 i needed to change it , but the god-honest truth ? 
 i was afraid she would n't show up for our meeting tonight if she knew what i really looked like . 
 i took a selfie without my glasses , but had to put them on to see what the photo looked like . 
 okay , i guess , but not handsome by any stretch of the imagination . 
 hiding my unremarkable mug behind black plastic frames was n't a bad idea . 
 i took another selfie with the glasses on , purposefully making a funny face . 
 i might look like a joker , but at least i now looked like a guy . 
 we were n't meeting up until 8:00 , so i spent time in the library studying the plasma membrane of animal cells and drank more coffee than was good for me . 
 i made it home three minutes after the hour which was fine . 
 i did n't want to appear too eager . 
 i 'd learned from experience that girls fled the scene if a guy came on too strong . 
 actually , they fled any scene i was in as if they had geek alert apps embedded in their brains . 
 this girl seemed different . 
 she was already aware by my handle that i was a self-proclaimed geek , and she had contacted me first . 
 one could always hope . 
 @averagegeek99 to @art4ever : are you there ? '' 
 @art4ever : i 'm here . 
 you changed your profile pic ! 
 nice glasses ! 
 i chuckled . 
 this chick was cool . 
 @averagegeek99 : thanks . 
 they complement my nose . 
 at least that 's what i 'm told . 
 @art4ever : my roommate wears frames for fun , too . 
 she 's also self-conscious of her nose . 
 @averagegeek99 : i ca n't say i find wearing them fun , but they do the trick . 
 how was your weekend ? 
 @art4ever : good . 
 we went to a pub with friends . 
 @averagegeek99 : we ? 
 she never mentioned a boyfriend , but that did n't mean there was n't one . 
 @art4ever : my roommate and me . 
 she studies math and technology , so i generally find the conversation she has with her other friends hard to follow . 
 mostly , the talk was about the bluewings . 
 that made me laugh . 
 @averagegeek99 : it 's the redwings . 
 honest mistake since you 're not from here . 
 nor , apparently , a sports fan . 
 @art4ever : i suck at sports . 
 but i 'm pretty sure they called the hockey team the bluewings . 
 okay . 
 certainly not a point to get into an argument over . 
 @averagegeek99 : so @art4ever , tell me about yourself . 
 besides the fact that you are an art student from illinois . 
 @art4ever : i feel like we 're speed dating . 
 lol . 
 okay . 
 um . 
 i 'm an only child , so yes , my parents are overprotective and have given me every advantage . 
 but , i 'm not spoiled . 
 unless i am . 
 it depends who you 're talking to . 
 i like maple walnut ice cream , the color pink and the way wet clay feels in my hands as i shape it into something incredible . 
 @art4ever : your turn . 
 @averagegeek99 : i also am an only child , raised by a single mom . 
 i dislike ice cream -- too sweet -- but love any flavor of potato chip . 
 even the weird ones like ketchup . 
 @art4ever : ketchup-flavored potato chips ? 
 @averagegeek99 : yeah . 
 they ship them in from canada . 
 you 'll have to try them someday . 
 @art4ever : i 'll try anything once . 
 @averagegeek99 : anything ? 
 @art4ever : well , within reason . 
 i wo n't try plastic surgery . 
 what if my new nose turned out worse than my old one ? 
 or suicide . 
 obviously . 
 obviously . 
 @averagegeek99 : what 's your favorite book ? 
 @art4ever : harry potter @averagegeek99 : that 's a series , not a single book . 
 @art4ever : i like to think about it as one long book . 
 what 's yours ? 
 @averagegeek99 : one who flew over the cuckoo 's nest . 
 @art4ever : i could n't finish that book . 
 can we still be friends ? 
 i chortled and felt strangely warmed . 
 she thought of me as a friend . 
 @averagegeek99 : lol . 
 of course . 
 and since we 're friends , is it okay if i ask you your first name ? 
 mine is marlow . 
 i figured first-name basis should be okay , but when she did n't respond right away , i worried i 'd overstepped . 
 but then she finally answered . 
 @art4ever : teagan . 
 nice to meet you , marlow . 
 @averagegeek99 : nice name . 
 @art4ever : thanks . 
 anyway , i should go . 
 busy week ahead and i still have homework to do . 
 @averagegeek99 : me too . 
 see you around ? 
 @averagegeek99 : in cyberspace , i mean . 
 @art4ever : i 'm here most evenings . 
 @averagegeek99 : great . 
 have a good rest of your evening . 
 marlow out . 
 we were on first-name basis . 
 she saw my mug shot and still wanted to chat again . 
 things were definitely looking up . 
 the days were at best ordinary and crawled by . 
 that was life when you took sleeper classes and hung out with dull people . 
 the highlight of each day was my evening chat with teagan . 
 my dorm mates were starting to give me grief over it and called her my virtual girl . 
 i pushed my glasses up the bridge of my nose and squinted . 
 so much monitor work was making me blind . 
 my inbox announced a college social -- no way was i going to that . 
 i already knew most of the nerds here , anyway . 
 we 'd lived in the same detroit neighborhood , gone to the same schools , ran from the same bullies . 
 for amusement our geek gang had hung out in a rather large selection of abandoned houses and factories . 
 my buddies and i would discuss molecular science as we balanced along cement ridges , watching the cool guys from a distance with a mix of envy and revulsion as they got high and groped girls . 
 i did n't have brothers or a dad to guide me . 
 my friend and roommate zed zabinski -lrb- born arnold , but insisted everyone called him zed . 
 not zee . 
 the zabinski family originated from some small town across the border and zed was a nod to his canadian roots -rrb- was n't exactly a many-man role model either . 
 we were the blind leading the blind , both figuratively and literally . 
 i pushed my glasses up the bridge of my nose again . 
 i hated humidity . 
 it was n't that i was bitter . 
 okay , maybe a little . 
 zed and i had gotten the short stick , no question about it . 
 we lacked conventionally attractive looks . 
 we were too skinny , too smart and socially challenged . 
 plus we were poor . 
 if not for my scholarship , i 'd be flipping burgers somewhere . 
 i was a freshman in college and had never been with a girl . 
 and no , i do n't count that sloppy encounter with reba jones for seven minutes of heaven in brendon herbert 's basement closet in sixth grade . 
 detroit university had a student facebook page . 
 i did n't really see the point in `` liking '' it . 
 so far it only announced weekend keggers and jock practice times . 
 `` come cheer on your team ! '' 
 i planned to keep my nose to the grindstone and graduate in four years -- if i could survive college life , that was . 
 zed entered our dorm room with a couple cokes in hand . 
 `` it 's crazy out there , but i think , you know , maybe not as bad as we thought . '' 
 zed was the cautious optimist of our duo . 
 i accepted the soda with a doubtful glance . 
 `` i hope you 're not suggesting we go to the fall social . '' 
 he sat at his desk hitting the edge with his knobby knees , and spilled coke on his crouch . 
 `` dang ! 
 and of course not . 
 guys who go to events like that eat guys like us alive . '' 
 an optimist with a healthy dose of reality . 
 i averted my eyes as zed removed his soiled jeans and awkwardly hopped into a pair of sweats . 
 he made this ordinary task seem difficult and it was hard to watch . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` okay , marlow henry , '' i thought to myself , `` this is your new reality . 
 let 's make the most of it . '' 
 `` got ta head out , '' i said . 
 i stuffed my wallet into my pocket . 
 `` outta supplies . '' 
 zed snorted . 
 `` you buying toilet paper ? '' 
 `` among other things . 
 like food . '' 
 `` bring me back something . '' 
 i stared at him over my glasses . 
 `` show me the money . '' 
 zed scooped some change from the top of his desk and filled my palm . 
 `` no tomatoes . '' 
 i returned a while later with grub . 
 i threw the tp into the bathroom . 
 we moved to the common lounge to eat . 
 our room was so small zed and i would practically knock elbows if we ate in there . 
 we were halfway through our sandwiches when paul and steve , fellow dorm nerds we met on the first night we moved in , blew into the common room all excited . 
 `` we were just leaving the library when a couple cop cars pulled up , '' paul said . 
 i sat up . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` a girl was raped in a the park behind the library . 
 the university is under investigation . '' 
 `` that 's terrible . '' 
 i checked my watch . 
 teagan time . 
 i returned to my dorm room , logged into the chat room and waited . 
 i grew antsy . 
 where was she ? 
 she was usually there this time of night . 
 she had n't gone to the library this afternoon , had she ? 
 @averagegeek99 to @art4ever : are you there ? 
 chapter 6 teagan the early morning sky was a wonderful wash of green -- lime to moss -- dotted with happy fluffy tangerine clouds : a great midweek day in detroit city ! 
 teagan said good-bye to sage , who forked off into the direction of the math and tech classes , and strolled to her philosophy class feeling light-hearted and optimistic . 
 she thought about marlow . 
 they had chatted together the last three nights . 
 maybe he was her cute , thoughtful , well-rounded guy ? 
 it did n't matter that they met online . 
 lots of people did . 
 slow down , teag , you 're getting ahead of yourself again . 
 jake wentworth startled her when he slipped into the gray plastic chair beside hers . 
 `` good morning , '' he said with a twisted grin . 
 `` you do n't mind if i sit with you , do you ? '' 
 teagan sat with a straight back , the way her mother taught her , and smiled . 
 `` not at all . '' 
 now in the bright light of the lecture room she could see that jake 's hair was a lighter blond than she 'd first thought . 
 his eyes were also a deeper blue . 
 she inhaled his musky aftershave . 
 teagan could tell her eyelashes were blinking too quickly and a shiver of nerves ran down her spine . 
 she 'd never been pursued , if that 's what that was . 
 she 'd seen jake before , he was kind of hard to miss , but had never given him a second thought . 
 guys like him did n't usually pay attention to girls like her . 
 teagan 's mouth suddenly felt dry . 
 she swallowed . 
 professor madsen entered the hall and placed an old leather satchel on his desk . 
 the class quieted while he took his usual stoic stance at the front of the room . 
 he was young for a professor -- she guessed late twenties . 
 he moved stiffly like he needed oil for his knees . 
 except when he got excited about something kierkegaard or hegel said , then his body seemed to float across the platform . 
 he oozed intellectualism and an odd sort of charisma , catching the eye of most of the girls and some of the guys too . 
 today , for the first time , the teacher 's aid desk was occupied . 
 a male student with short dark hair wearing jeans and a black cardigan over a white t-shirt sat in the wooden chair . 
 his fingers were propped over an open laptop , ready to take notes . 
 professor madsen tilted his head forward , long dirty-blond curls falling over closed eyes and spoke . 
 `` what does it mean to be human ? '' 
 he proceeded to elaborate on the evolving ideals regarding existence , fascinating stuff , but not enough to keep teagan 's mind from wandering . 
 her eyelids grew heavy and she had the strongest impulse to lay her head on the table . 
 clearly , she 'd been getting to sleep too late at night . 
 her nightly chats with marlow had cut into her study time , forcing her to stay up later than normal . 
 she 'd have to tell him gently tonight that she could n't chat long . 
 that was if he showed up . 
 teagan frowned a little at the thought that he might not . 
 he could n't meet up every night , right ? 
 already she was married to their routine . 
 marlow was fun . 
 and safe . 
 teagan jumped at the sensation of a finger poke in her side . 
 jake whispered in her ear , `` wake up , sleepyhead . '' 
 oh , god . 
 how embarrassing . 
 she almost fell asleep in madsen 's class and in front of jake ! 
 what if she 'd started drooling , or worse , snoring ? 
 she reddened with the mortification of what could 've been . 
 after class , jake surprised her by asking if she wanted to meet him for coffee later on . 
 `` you look like you could use a cup . '' 
 teagan 's eyelids fluttered and she stared at the floor , hoping jake did n't notice . 
 `` i really should study . '' 
 he nudged her shoulder , causing her to look up . 
 `` so should i . 
 we can study at the coffee shop . '' 
 then he added his megawatt smile . 
 `` come on . 
 my treat . '' 
 it was hard to say no to those puppy dog eyes . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he recited the time and place , the literary latté near the library , and teagan agreed to meet him there . 
 she had some time before her next class so she decided to go back to her dorm . 
 she told herself it was so she could prepare and go over her notes , but the truth was , she was thinking about a teeny , tiny nap . 
 sage was out as teagan expected , and she sighed happily at being alone . 
 she opened her laptop and was surprised to see a message there from marlow . 
 it was only midafternoon . 
 she paused before clicking the message icon . 
 @averagegeek99 : are you there ? 
 @averagegeek99 : you probably heard about the rape . 
 just be careful . 
 okay ? 
 oh , god ! 
 a rape ? 
 teagan could n't believe it ! 
 not at detroit university . 
 her heart bounced around as she surfed the university website for news . 
 she could n't believe she had n't heard about this . 
 was this not noteworthy enough for students to engage in discussion ? 
 surely , the female students would be outraged . 
 teagan clicked through all the recent news bulletins . 
 there was nothing more than an innocuous warning that bad weather might disturb the football practice . 
 what was marlow talking about then ? 
 @art4ever : did you mean on campus ? 
 or elsewhere ? 
 thanks for the warning , anyway . 
 i 'm always very cautious . 
 teagan lay down and closed her eyes but her heart beat too strongly for sleep to come . 
 even though it was a false alarm , it got her adrenaline going . 
 it made her think twice about meeting up with jake . 
 it was starting to get dark earlier now and maybe it just was n't safe . 
 no . 
 that was dumb . 
 jake was a nice guy . 
 not a stranger , like marlow was . 
 jake was in her philosophy class . 
 he had friends . 
 played on the hockey team . 
 besides , it was a false alarm . 
 detroit university was one of the safest colleges in america . 
 it was the home of the grand car factories where most of the world 's supply of green autos were made . 
 the rich had homes along the shores of lake erie and lake st. clair and along the banks of detroit river . 
 there were a lot of wealthy people here . 
 the city had one of the lowest crime rates in america . 
 she would meet jake as planned . 
 but first she better set off to her art history class , otherwise she was going to be late . 
 she grabbed a cream-colored corduroy fall jacket and wrapped a blue and pink scarf around her neck . 
 she slipped into low-heeled brown faux-leather boots and slung the strap of her book bag over her shoulder , preparing to speed-walk all the way to class . 
 later on , teagan ran into sage on one of the many pedestrian paths . 
 the leaves on the trees that arched overhead had started to turn and the bluish grass was dotted with yellow from the ones that had fallen . 
 sage shifted the bundle of books in her arms . 
 she puffed a breath through her lips to blow the dark bangs over her eyes . 
 `` where are you off to ? '' 
 `` i 'm meeting jake for coffee , '' teagan said . 
 `` and to study . '' 
 sage 's eyebrows bounced . 
 `` jake wentworth ? 
 he 's cute ! '' 
 teagan nibbled her lip . 
 `` yeah , i noticed . 
 but it 's just coffee . '' 
 `` ha ! 
 it 's never just coffee . 
 he does n't have to sit with you to drink coffee . '' 
 sage poked her arm . 
 `` he likes you ! '' 
 `` he hardly knows me enough to like me . 
 we 're studying together , that 's all . '' 
 sage winked . 
 `` if you say so . 
 have fun ! 
 i ca n't wait to hear all about it ! '' 
 teagan bit the inside of her cheek to keep herself from breaking out in a huge idiotic smile . 
 jake was already there when she arrived . 
 the literary latté was n't large and most of the tables were full of students , either hoping to study or just hanging out . 
 music pumped quietly in the background , and the aggressive sound of the espresso machine went off in intervals . 
 jake waved her over . 
 `` i 'm glad you came . 
 i was n't sure that you would . '' 
 `` i said that i would . '' 
 `` you did . 
 what can i get you ? 
 remember , i said my treat . '' 
 `` i 'd like a london fog . '' 
 `` tea ? '' 
 `` that 's okay is n't it ? 
 i know this is a coffee shop . '' 
 `` just giving you a hard time . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 teagan pulled out her books while waiting for jake to return . 
 she recalled the rape marlow had mentioned and wished now she 'd thought to ask sage about it . 
 a glance around the space proved that she did n't know anyone there . 
 she did n't overhear any talk of an assault . 
 marlow must 've been mistaken . 
 jake returned with hot drinks in his hands . 
 `` a london fog for the lady , '' he said , handing her the drink . 
 she blew on it carefully before taking a sip . 
 `` yum . 
 perfect . '' 
 `` so , you 're an art major ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` economics . 
 here on a hockey scholarship . '' 
 `` i heard that . 
 at the club the other night . 
 that chet guy is your friend ? '' 
 `` nah , not really . 
 we just met when i got here . 
 he 's a dip personality-wise , but he knows his way around the ice . '' 
 `` i do n't know anything about hockey . '' 
 `` the object of the game is pretty simple . 
 your team has to get the puck in the net of the opposing team . 
 each goal is one point . 
 whoever has the most goals after three periods wins . '' 
 `` i imagine the skating thing makes it more difficult . '' 
 `` only if you ca n't skate . 
 do you skate ? '' 
 `` i 've done it a few times , but i 'm certainly not graceful . '' 
 `` there 's a nice outdoor rink nearby that opens up in winter . 
 i 'll take you when it 's cold enough . '' 
 teagan smiled and nodded and wondered if he 'd just asked her on another date . 
 though winter was still another month away , so maybe not . 
 she flipped through the pages of her textbook and tried to concentrate . 
 they talked more about professor madsen , jake filling her in on some of what she 'd missed by dozing off , and she tried to make sense of it . 
 her brain worked better with tangible things like clay and paint . 
 when it came to words and theories and deep philosophical concepts , her synapses wanted to shut down . 
 teagan just happened to look toward the front of the shop when she saw the strap of a girl 's handbag snag a display case , knocking coffee packages over the floor . 
 she immediately felt sorry for her . 
 how embarrassing . 
 jake jumped up to help and teagan watched as they worked together to restore the display . 
 she would 've helped too , but the area was tight , and a third person would 've gotten in the way . 
 the girl had short , blond hair held back with a black headband . 
 teagan recognized her now , from her art history class . 
 vanessa something . 
 she felt a strange tug in her gut as she watched jake help her . 
 teagan could hear his words of reassurance from where she sat and the girl 's repeated responses of gratitude . 
 once everything was cleaned up , vanessa thanked jake again before leaving . 
 jake slid back into his chair . 
 `` that was very kind of you , '' teagan said . 
 `` oh , that ? 
 it was nothing . '' 
 jake slurped the last of his coffee and checked the time on his phone . 
 `` oh , damn . 
 i got ta go . 
 coach will kill me if i 'm late for practice . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 will you be okay getting back to your dorm ? 
 normally , i would walk you . '' 
 `` no , i 'm fine . 
 go . 
 i still have some studying i want to do anyway . '' 
 jake shoved all his books into his backpack . 
 `` i 'll see you in class tomorrow . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he left the coffee shop like a thunderstorm . 
 the room seemed quieter and calmer just by his absence and teagan forced herself to stop thinking of him and to focus on her homework . 
 her mother was right . 
 boys were a big distraction from studies . 
 teagan worked on an essay for about forty-five minutes before sirens broke through the background clatter . 
 she wondered what that could be about , since she 'd never heard sirens on campus before . 
 it was time she left anyway , so she packed up her things . 
 before she could leave , a girl teagan did n't know blew into the café and screeched to a group of girls at a booth across the room . 
 `` you wo n't believe this ! 
 someone was just raped in the park behind the library ! '' 
 teagan 's blood cooled , pooling at her knees and she slid into a nearby chair . 
 she grabbed at her chest and swallowed dryly , trying to process what she 'd heard . 
 someone was just raped . 
 so , how did marlow know ? 
 how could he possibly know about something before it happened ? 
 unless ? 
 teagan could barely cope with the next thought . 
 unless he had planned to commit the crime himself ? 
 blood rushed from her head and she felt faint at the thought . 
 teagan ran home and locked the door to her dorm behind her . 
 she would remove herself from the chat forums and never talk to marlow again . 
 oh , god , how she wished now that she 'd never given averagegeek99 her name ! 
 chapter 7 marlow teagan did n't show up for our meeting last night . 
 she did n't respond to any of my messages . 
 i tried to think of what i 'd said to turn her off . 
 maybe she was just sick of my ugly mug or my corny jokes . 
 maybe she met an irl guy and no longer had time to mess around with the likes of me . 
 fine . 
 whatever . 
 it was n't like i did n't have a life . 
 look at me now , sitting in the guys ' stinky lounge playing video games with other geeks . 
 zed was with me , as per usual , along with paul and steve . 
 we were the only four dudes to not go to some kind of fall event . 
 paul shot my guy in the back and shouted , `` oh , yeah , loser ! '' 
 `` who are you calling a loser , loser ? '' 
 i retorted . 
 my virtual guy magically recovered and i lobbied a grenade into paul 's virtual jeep . 
 `` kaboom ! '' 
 zed chugged a soda and let out an impressive belch . 
 i catapulted a stained cushion at him from the sagging couch . 
 it might have been orange at one time , but now , i would definitely call it brown . 
 steve called time-out to take a piss . 
 i stared outside and saw the sun peeking out from under gray clouds as it slunk lower on the horizon . 
 my legs twitched with nervous energy and i jumped up . 
 `` i 'm heading out . '' 
 zed glanced up with a surprised stare . 
 `` out where ? '' 
 `` dunno . 
 need some vitamin d. i 'm as pale as a vamp . '' 
 `` you should buy a green smoothie , man , '' he said . 
 zed swore by his green breakfast smoothies . 
 i just chalked the weird habit up to one of many idiosyncrasies he had . 
 `` too gross for my sophisticated palate , '' i said as i grabbed my hoodie . 
 i shrugged it on as i skipped down the steps , pushing the exterior doors open with a two-handed thrust . 
 i did n't know how a girl i 'd met online and had only chatted with for a few days could make me so agitated . 
 for an intelligent guy i could be really stupid sometimes . 
 all i knew of her appearance was from her profile pic . 
 blond hair , friendly eyes , a cute little rosebud mouth . 
 she was here , somewhere on this campus . 
 i could n't stop myself from scouring the grounds . 
 i sat on the top of a short brick wall , balancing myself against the lamppost that jutted skyward . 
 the automatic lamp flickered on , signaling nightfall . 
 leaves dropped as the cool breeze picked up and floated downward to join the paper litter along the curb . 
 students milled about , some at a leisurely pace and others with quick determined strides -- destinations and deadlines looming . 
 i sorted through all the female heads looking for blonds . 
 blond , blond , another blond . 
 all the pretty faces made my skin tingle . 
 there were a lot of attractive girls around -- with every hair color -- just none for me , apparently . 
 i was about to head back when i spotted her . 
 at least , i thought it was her . 
 she wore a short , fall jacket with a scarf around her neck . 
 i leaned forward and squinted . 
 was it her ? 
 she was with a guy . 
 of course she was . 
 a jock . 
 that should 've been enough to keep me from shouting out , but my stupid mouth moved before my brain could check it . 
 `` teagan ! '' 
 she stopped and looked in my direction . 
 i shimmied off the wall and strode toward her . 
 `` teagan ? 
 it 's me , marlow . '' 
 she blinked a few times and tilted her head . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` marlow . 
 you know , averagegeek99 ? '' 
 the guy beside her smirked at my handle . 
 i ignored him and focused on teagan . 
 `` you are teagan , right ? '' 
 she nodded warily . 
 i opened my palms and waved them as though that would jog her memory . 
 `` where do i know you from ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the chat forums . 
 we talked this week . 
 a few nights in a row . '' 
 that brought a scowl to the face of the jock . 
 teagan glanced up at him with wide eyes . 
 she turned to me and said politely , `` you have me mistaken for someone else . '' 
 and then the kicker . 
 she grabbed the jock 's hand and walked away leaving me standing in their wake like a complete idiot . 
 chapter 8 sage `` i just ca n't believe it , '' teagan said again for the millionth time . 
 she sat on her bed , a mirror image of mine , with blankets pulled over her soft tummy . 
 she continued , `` the thought that someone has been attacked is unfathomable . 
 not at detroit university ! '' 
 i wrapped my arms around my knees , awash with the same kind of dread and disbelief . 
 the crime was horrifying , and made us all feel so vulnerable . 
 `` it was n't even that dark yet . 
 it 's just crazy . '' 
 my new friend nora o’shea sprawled across the foot of my bed , red hair falling off the edge like a crimson waterfall . 
 she made mew noises . 
 `` i cut across that park all the time . 
 there are a lot of trees and bushes . '' 
 `` i want to go home to the safety of my pink princess room , '' teagan whined , `` and the overprotective embrace of my mother . '' 
 `` teag , '' i said . 
 `` you ca n't let one maniac control where and how you live . '' 
 or your mother , i thought , but did n't say that aloud . 
 her big eyes implored me . 
 `` what can we do to protect ourselves ? '' 
 i was asking myself the same question . 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` safety in numbers . '' 
 `` carry a whistle , '' nora added . 
 `` though that wo n't help if you get jumped from behind . '' 
 i wanted to kick nora . 
 she did n't know teagan like i did . 
 i could see her trembling from across the room . 
 `` call before you leave a place , and if you do n't arrive in time , we 'll call for help , '' i said , trying to be encouraging . 
 teagan flicked a hand toward me . 
 `` by then the damage will be done . '' 
 a thick silence descended , and teagan curled into a tighter ball , yoga pant-covered legs clutching a body pillow . 
 my gaze drifted along the room . 
 clutter littered teagan 's side , clothes strewn casually on the floor , makeup scattered across her dresser . 
 in contrast , my side was neat and tidy . 
 my closet and drawers were closed . 
 my makeup was lined up on my dresser in the order i applied them . 
 a poster of einstein with the quote `` anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new , '' hung above my bed . 
 `` i met this guy , '' teagan said quietly . 
 `` he said something that kind of creeped me out . '' 
 i blinked several times as i processed this and twisted to face her . 
 `` you 're online dating ? '' 
 she shot me a horrified look . 
 `` no ! 
 it 's not a dating site . 
 it 's a campus chat room . '' 
 nora swung her legs around and returned to a sitting position . 
 `` what 'd he say ? '' 
 `` well , '' teagan began , `` he told me that there had been a rape and that i should be careful . '' 
 i did n't get it . 
 `` why does that creep you out ? '' 
 `` because he told me about the rape before it happened . '' 
 what ? 
 nora and i chimed in together . 
 `` before ? '' 
 i leaned forward and asked , `` he predicted the rape ? 
 how ? '' 
 teagan shrugged . 
 `` maybe he 's psychic ? '' 
 `` or , '' nora began , `` he did it . 
 his way of playing with your head . '' 
 teagan paled . 
 i skittered over to her side of the bed . 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 `` marlow . 
 i do n't know his last name . '' 
 `` he 'll be listed in the student directory , '' nora offered . 
 `` good idea , '' teagan said . 
 she opened her laptop and brought up the student directory . 
 `` he said he was a freshman , so that narrows it down . '' 
 she scanned the faces and names , and a frown tugged on her lips . 
 `` still , there are hundreds . '' 
 nora and i waited as teagan squinted at her screen . 
 i was dying to see what this guy looked like . 
 after all my failed attempts at trying to set teagan up , she chose to hang out with a guy online . 
 `` that 's him . '' 
 nora and i jumped up and peered over teagan 's shoulder . 
 she pointed . 
 `` marlow henry . '' 
 `` in the science program , '' i said . 
 `` he 's probably in some of my math classes . '' 
 `` he 's nerdy-looking , '' nora said . 
 teagan pulled her laptop away with barely veiled irritation . 
 `` i think he 's kind of cute , but that 's not the point here . '' 
 a pit weighted in my stomach as i settled back onto my own bed . 
 `` have you told anyone ? '' 
 `` i did n't see a reason to , '' teagan answered . 
 `` until now . 
 besides this is n't proof of anything . '' 
 nora thumbed through messages on her phone . 
 `` people are saying the victim was a freshman . 
 vanessa rothman . '' 
 teagan 's eyes popped open and she shot upright . 
 `` no way ! 
 she 's in my art history class . 
 i just saw her at the literary latté where i was studying with jake . 
 she 'd knocked over a display before she left . '' 
 teagan covered her mouth with her hand . 
 `` jake helped her clean it up , '' she said with a hushed voice . 
 `` and followed her out . '' 
 nora arched a brow . 
 `` so , you think jake wentworth 's the rapist now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know , '' teagan answered . 
 `` but is n't it weird that vanessa leaves just before jake leaves . '' 
 my heart went out to teagan . 
 she was so freaked out . 
 `` i 'd call that a coincidence , '' i said gently . 
 just then teagan 's phone rang and she yelped when she saw the caller id . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you wo n't believe it , '' she said . 
 `` it 's jake wentworth . '' 
 another coincidence ? 
 her ringtone continued . 
 `` are n't you going to answer it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 teagan tapped the respond button and put it on speakerphone . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hey , teagan , jake here . 
 i was just wondering , would you like to grab a burger and then come hang out at my hockey practice ? 
 lots of people come and you could learn a bit more about the game that way . '' 
 teagan hesitated then said , `` can you hang on a moment ? '' 
 she covered the receiver . 
 i widened my eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` nothing , just , do you guys feel like going for a burger and then watching a hockey practice after ? '' 
 `` you want us to come with you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it feels too much like a date with just the two of us . 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` chicken . 
 yeah , sure . 
 we 'll come as your support team , wo n't we nora ? '' 
 nora grinned . 
 `` watching a bunch of hot hockey players sounds like a good way to spend the evening to me . '' 
 chapter 9 teagan teagan said yes to jake but she still felt nervous . 
 what did she really know about this guy ? 
 and what did he see in her anyway ? 
 there were a lot of prettier girls on campus and more athletic ones , too . 
 she pushed herself off her bed and fished through the clothes piled on her floor and hanging out of her drawers . 
 she settled on a pair of jeans , sucking in a little to get the button done , and a mint green wool sweater thinking it would be cold in the hockey rink . 
 she tucked a wool cap and scarf into her purse . 
 her hair was already a mess so she just pulled it into a sloppy updo , slipping the blue streak behind her ear . 
 teagan examined her image in the mirror critically . 
 she was soft . 
 she had curves . 
 not athletic or lean in the slightest . 
 she spun to face sage and nora . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` makeup , '' sage said . 
 right . 
 teagan quickly put on mascara and lip gloss . 
 she added a stroke of black pencil eyeliner to her lids at the last minute . 
 sage and nora had gotten ready at the same time , and both looked too good to take out on a `` date '' with jake . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 `` ready ? '' 
 sage said . 
 teagan put on a smile . 
 `` yup . '' 
 she let sage and nora carry the conversation as they walked under violet skies . 
 she 'd met a total of two guys since she 'd arrived -lrb- met used figuratively in marlow 's case -rrb- and had accused both of them of being capable of something as evil and devious as rape . 
 maybe she was the one with the problem . 
 jake was a nice , decent guy . 
 marlow probably was too . 
 she was just paranoid . 
 still , teagan was glad sage and nora had agreed to come along . 
 they arrived at the burger joint just off campus near the arena before jake did . 
 sage and nora took one side of the table while teagan sat alone on the other side . 
 of course sage would n't sit beside her like she usually did . 
 jake was coming and it would be weird if he had to sit beside someone else . 
 they ordered sodas , which arrived just as jake blew in . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . '' 
 he looked at sage and nora . 
 `` company . 
 cool . 
 hi sage . '' 
 he reached for nora 's hand . 
 `` hi , i 'm jake . '' 
 `` nora . '' 
 teagan swore she blushed . 
 or maybe it was just the reflection of her red hair off the neon lights . 
 they talked about sports and politics , music and movies . 
 everything but the attack . 
 actually , sage and nora and jake did most of the talking . 
 sitting so close to jake and knowing he 'd invited her personally made teagan feel shy and nervous . 
 she was happy to let the girls carry the conversation . 
 in fact , nora and jake seemed to have a lot to say to each other . 
 they were both from michigan , they both liked to cross-country ski , they both had an annoying little brother that they loved to death . 
 they were both athletic . 
 jake flicked his wrist and stared at his watch . 
 `` oh , i got ta go . '' 
 he turned to teagan . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 `` sage and nora are coming too . 
 we 'll meet you there . '' 
 his mouth turned into a half grin as his eyes flicked to the opposite side of the table . 
 nora 's eyelashes fluttered . 
 `` cool , '' jake said . 
 he dropped enough bills on the table to cover his and my burger before leaving . 
 `` he 's nice , '' nora said , not catching teagan 's eye . 
 `` have you been dating long ? '' 
 teagan was pretty sure she said this was their first date back in their dorm when she begged them to join her . 
 `` we 're not really dating . '' 
 her gaze remained cool . 
 `` oh . '' 
 watching the hockey practice was fun only because sage and nora had come along to keep teagan company . 
 mainly it was cold . 
 teagan waved good-bye to jake when it was time for them to leave . 
 they were keeping their pact to not walk alone after dark and sage wanted to get back to study . 
 by morning the news feeds were buzzing . 
 the rapist had been caught . 
 apparently the son of a senator had been arrested . 
 such a huge relief . 
 they could breathe easy and go on with their lives . 
 teagan sighed . 
 now she felt bad for ignoring marlow henry all week . 
 was it too late to check in and say , `` hello '' ? 
 chapter 10 he folded his lips in as he read the news feed on his tablet and kept his face blank . 
 he sat inconspicuously at a corner table by himself in a coffee shop and he did n't want to risk being noticed by laughing out loud , or smiling like he 'd just won the lottery . 
 he sipped his brew and took a moment to relish the warmth that swirled in his being . 
 `` rapist arrested , '' the headlines read . 
 his lips twitched at the absurdity . 
 the ineptness of the law enforcement in this town was unbelievable . 
 he would n't let a wussy senator 's son take credit , not for long . 
 there was only one way to set the record straight , but he 'd have to bide his time . 
 find the right place and the right moment . 
 the right blond . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 a female voice pulled him from his reverie . 
 `` is anyone using this chair ? '' 
 the girl smiled and blew wheat-colored bangs out of her eyes . 
 she wore a black bomber jacket and snug jeans . 
 a collection of beaded necklaces hung exuberantly over swollen breasts . 
 `` it 's just really busy and we need one more , '' she added when he failed to respond . 
 he suddenly believed in providence . 
 `` help yourself , '' he said . 
 she smiled again and dragged the chair to the table next to his and joined her friends . 
 he was careful not to stare , casting occasional glances out of the corner of his eye . 
 he ordered a refill and a glazed donut . 
 when the girls left , he waited ten seconds , then followed . 
 chapter 11 marlow seriously ? 
 i got that maybe she did n't want her boyfriend to know she 'd been chatting with another guy , but to outright pretend that she did n't know me ? 
 that was rude . 
 obnoxious . 
 crazy . 
 her acting skills were pretty decent . 
 i had to give her that . 
 the knot in my chest tightened . 
 teagan was prettier in real life than her profile picture let on . 
 maybe that was it . 
 i was too geeky . 
 too skinny . 
 maybe she was embarrassed to be connected to someone like me . 
 fine . 
 she and her jock boyfriend could shove it . 
 i arrived for class with just minutes to spare , not my usual mo. . 
 i shifted my pack off my shoulder when i found my seat and pushed up my glasses . 
 i heard a ruckus behind me as i pulled out my math textbooks . 
 i stopped mid-retrieval and stared . 
 teagan 's jock . 
 his face was in a wide guffaw -- apparently his fellow jock friend had said something funny . 
 an oily spot of dislike filled my chest . 
 i did n't know he was in this class . 
 he bumped into my table as he strutted by , giving me the briefest glance . 
 he did n't even seem to recognize me from the `` incident . '' 
 was it possible that nerds accosted his girlfriend on a regular basis and my face just blended in with scores of others ? 
 i was determined to shake off the whole dumb scenario and diligently took notes as the professor scratched equations on the board . 
 who was this teagan chick to me anyway ? 
 nothing . 
 i would forget about her . 
 she was forgotten . 
 this was the lie i told myself . 
 the lie that was blown all to hell when i got back to my room and found a message from her waiting for me in the chat forums . 
 what did she want ? 
 to apologize ? 
 ha ! 
 i chugged back my soda and let out a loud belch , letting the universe know just what i thought of that . 
 just delete it , man , i told myself . 
 i went to the bathroom , then checked out the dorm fridge and drank old orange juice from the carton . 
 i did twenty push-ups . 
 okay , maybe just ten . 
 i had a cold shower . 
 turned out i was a bigger loser than even i would 've pegged myself for because not only could i not delete it , i also could n't ignore it . 
 after thirty-five itchy minutes , i clicked on her name . 
 @art4ever to @averagegeek99 : hey ! 
 i know it 's been a while , but i 've just been crazy busy , settling in , getting lost on campus , homework , all those freshman excuses . 
 how has your week been ? 
 i jerked back , unbelieving . 
 was she on drugs ? 
 she was just going to pretend like her whole `` i do n't know you , '' schtick never happened ? 
 @averagegeek99 : so you know who i am now ? 
 @art4ever : well , since we have n't met irl , i do n't really know you . 
 this girl was a piece of work . 
 @averagegeek99 : why did n't you tell me you had a boyfriend ? 
 @art4ever : i do n't have a boyfriend . 
 @averagegeek99 : you just go around holding random guys ' hands ? 
 @art4ever : no . 
 what are you talking about ??? @averagegeek99 : yesterday . 
 when i talked to you in the square . 
 you were with some jock . 
 you pretended not to know who i was . 
 @art4ever : i 'm sorry . 
 i really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i never saw you or spoke to you . 
 i think that 's something i 'd remember . 
 i removed my glasses and cleaned them with the hem of my t-shirt . 
 what was this chick on ? 
 did she have an identical twin ? 
 i thought she said she was an only child . 
 plus , the blond with the jock admitted her name was teagan . 
 teagan was n't a common name . 
 what were the chances of there being another girl who looked like teagan and had the same name ? 
 the odds against that scenario were enormous . 
 @averagegeek99 : i 'm not a game player . 
 @art4ever : neither am i. i 'm starting to regret contacting you again . 
 damn . 
 i had n't meant to piss her off . 
 despite her blow off , i did like chatting with her . 
 it was n't like i had a ton of girls lining up to talk to me . 
 @averagegeek99 : sorry . 
 i must 've mistaken you for someone else . 
 can we start over ? 
 @art4ever : i guess so . 
 @averagegeek99 : how was your day ? 
 @art4ever : fine . 
 i imagined that to sound like fine , as in you 're an asshole fine , rather than a sweet , everything 's fine . 
 time to lighten things up . 
 @averagegeek99 : knock , knock . 
 @art4ever : ??? @averagegeek99 : you 're supposed to say , `` who 's there ? '' 
 @art4ever : you 're telling me a knock-knock joke ? 
 @averagegeek99 : you 're surprised ? 
 my handle does have the word geek in it . 
 @art4ever : who 's there ? 
 yes ! 
 a happy face emoticon ! 
 @averagegeek99 : broken pencil . 
 @art4ever : broken pencil who ? 
 @averagegeek99 : never mind . 
 it 's a pointless joke . 
 i expected a raging lol , but instead there was no response . 
 oh , god . 
 do n't tell me she did n't get it ? 
 but then : @art4ever : knock , knock . 
 i smirked and wondered if she actually knew a knock-knock joke or quickly looked one up . 
 either way , she was game to play , which meant we were back on some kind of friendship track . 
 @averagegeek99 : who 's there ? 
 @art4ever : madam . 
 @averagegeek99 : madam who ? 
 @art4ever : madam foot is caught in the door ! 
 i could n't stop a soft chuckle from escaping . 
 i gave in with an lol . 
 we fell into an easy rhythm of lightweight topics after that . 
 she sent me a picture of one of her paintings , but for some reason i could n't receive it . 
 she said she 'd show it to me in person some time , and a lava flow of heat spread through my gut . 
 she wanted to see me again . 
 i was cool with that . 
 @art4ever : is there anything you 're afraid of ? 
 going deeper ? 
 @averagegeek99 : what do you mean ? 
 like the dark ? 
 monsters under the bed ? 
 @art4ever : yeah . 
 if that 's what you 're afraid of . 
 what fears show up in your nightmares ? 
 @averagegeek99 : um . 
 i do n't like snakes . 
 i have a lot of dreams where i find a garter snake under my pillow , or in my closet , or somewhere i 'm not expecting to find one . 
 i always scream myself awake . 
 @averagegeek99 : what about you ? 
 @art4ever : i often have dreams that i 'm being chased . 
 @averagegeek99 : by whom ? 
 @art4ever : i do n't know . 
 just a random person . 
 i never see a face . 
 i 'm running for my life in dark alleys usually . 
 i 'm always exhausted and sweating when i wake with a start just before i 'm caught . 
 @averagegeek99 : i think that 's a pretty common nightmare . 
 probably stress induced . 
 @art4ever : yeah , probably . 
 i 'm also afraid of storms . 
 and that 's when i 'm awake . 
 @averagegeek99 : maybe we need to face our fears to beat them . 
 @art4ever : yeah ? 
 how about this ? 
 you go to the science lab and hold a snake or at least feed one , and the next time it storms i wo n't hide under the bed . 
 @averagegeek99 : you hide under the bed ? 
 really ? 
 @art4ever : do n't change the subject . 
 my skin prickled at the thought of seeking out a snake . 
 i did n't want to look at one much less feed one . 
 @averagegeek99 : not fair . 
 who knows when the next storm will be ? 
 @art4ever : i looked it up . 
 weather 's changing . 
 storm is in the forecast . 
 it would n't kill me to throw road kill into a snake pit , would it ? 
 and maybe this would help teagan in some small way . 
 @averagegeek99 : and when it storms you wo n't go under the bed . 
 so where will you go ? 
 @art4ever : your dorm ? 
 i sprung to my feet with surprise and nervous shock . 
 she wanted to come here ? 
 my eyes took in the pigsty zed and i lived in . 
 it was n't often a girl invited herself to my room , like as in never . 
 she 'd be worth cleaning it up for . 
 i bent over and typed without sitting back down . 
 @averagegeek99 : okay , deal . 
 @art4ever : deal . 
 chapter 12 teagan teagan heard his laugh before she spotted him . 
 jake wentworth had a distinctive , happy-seal-like bellow . 
 you could n't help but smile and chuckle along even if you did n't quite get the joke . 
 mostly she never got his jokes . 
 maybe that was why she had n't heard from him in a few days . 
 now he was walking along the leaf-strewn path between the math and economics building . 
 he was with that chet guy again . 
 teagan had entered the path behind them , so jake did n't know she was following . 
 he turned to chet and pounded his chest like an ape and burst out laughing again . 
 teagan wished she were close enough to hear what on earth they were talking about . 
 jake was so boisterous and alive and just ... out there . 
 teagan could feel the heat of his extroversion from here . 
 she almost found herself ducking . 
 the contrast between jake 's personality and marlow 's was undeniable . 
 she 'd never met marlow in real life , but somehow she could n't imagine him puffing out his chest and beating on it in public . 
 she could be wrong . 
 people often presented a version of themselves online that was n't accurate . 
 marlow seemed authentic . 
 teagan enjoyed their banter and even the juvenile knock-knock jokes . 
 they 'd become comfortable enough with their social-network friendship , meeting practically every night , that their conversation sometimes slipped into flirting . 
 at least it felt like flirting to her . 
 he still had n't approached a snake , and teagan had a lot of fun teasing him about that . 
 she had yet to face a storm . 
 the aqua-blue sky above was brandished with orange bruises . 
 sign of a possible storm , but who knew ? 
 it could shift away in the other direction from du . 
 storms were unpredictable like that . 
 it was one of the reasons she did n't like them . 
 they were n't trustworthy . 
 teagan 's cheeks heated up when she recalled her impulsive offer to wait out the next storm in marlow 's room . 
 it was momentary insanity . 
 she had n't even met this guy . 
 another reason she hoped the storm would redirect and pass by . 
 nora had appeared from out of nowhere and suddenly she was walking beside jake and chet . 
 her giggle filtered back to teagan and she slowed her pace , staring . 
 jake smiled down at nora in a way that was just a little too friendly . 
 teagan suffered a sudden bout of heartburn . 
 jealousy ? 
 she had no right to be jealous . 
 it was n't like jake was her boyfriend or anything . 
 nora petted his arm and beamed up at him with a too-wide smile . 
 her ginger hair glistened in the sun as if its rays were directed only to her . 
 she scooped it behind one ear and stared up at jake through thick eyelashes . 
 teagan was so taken by this interaction she did n't pay proper attention to where she was going . 
 she felt the jarring thump of a body and dropped her books . 
 `` pardon me , '' she said . 
 `` no problem , '' a male voice said . 
 her head jerked up and for a split second she thought it might be marlow . 
 would n't that be just the craziest coincidence ? 
 but it was n't . 
 the guy had a wider jaw and thicker brow . 
 he bent down to help teagan pick up her belongings . 
 `` i zoned out there , '' she said . 
 the guy 's gaze never left her face , and she grew heated with embarrassment . 
 `` it 's a busy campus . '' 
 he stood and cocked his head . 
 he flashed her a half-smile producing a dimple that was rather cute . 
 his arm reached out and she thought he was going to touch her or something , but then he let it drop to his side . 
 `` i like the blue in your hair . '' 
 teagan 's hand automatically stroked the strand . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the guy stepped backwards and gave her a little wave . 
 `` see you around . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 belatedly , she wished she 'd offered her name . 
 at any rate , knocking into a good-looking stranger just reminded her that there were plenty of guys out there . 
 it was n't like jake was her only choice for a future boyfriend . 
 jake was no longer in sight and neither , thankfully , was nora . 
 teagan squeezed her books to her chest and continued on . 
 then she saw him . 
 marlow henry stood in a corner with another , taller guy who had a short-cropped beard . 
 teagan squinted . 
 it was him , was n't it ? 
 he sure looked like marlow 's profile pic . 
 she almost called out but the way he was talking to the other guy made her pause . 
 they were standing face-to-face , closer than most guys do with each other . 
 she swore she saw a brushing of their fingertips before they split and went opposite ways . 
 oh , god . 
 was marlow henry gay ? 
 teagan pinched the base of her nose and shut her eyes . 
 she was such an idiot . 
 chapter 13 marlow sometimes i felt like a little child . 
 it was n't like the snake was going to jump through its glass case and bite me . 
 i even brought zed for moral support , though i told him i needed him to be my photographer . 
 i had to get a picture for proof . 
 he 'd scoffed when i 'd first suggested it . 
 `` take a selfie . '' 
 `` dude . 
 i do n't plan on getting that close . 
 c’mon . 
 what do you have on your busy schedule anyway ? 
 a hot date ? '' 
 he huffed and puffed but relented and now he stood with me in the sterile-looking , eerily empty lab holding up his phone . 
 `` tell me when you 're ready . '' 
 i did n't know how long we 'd be alone , and i did n't want an audience . 
 it was bad enough that zed had to witness the shimmer of sweat that had formed on my brow . 
 a big , fat , yellowish boa constrictor was curled up in the bin , its scaly self pressed up against the glass . 
 `` anytime now would be good , '' zed said with a straight face . 
 `` before , you know , my arm falls off or hell freezes over . '' 
 `` ' k , i got this . '' 
 i 'd done my research . 
 asked questions . 
 there were dead rats in the freezer in the corner . 
 the prof even gave me permission to visit the reptile but i did n't know if it had been fed already and i did n't want to get in trouble by overfeeding it and maybe making it sick . 
 my plan was just to hold up the rodent over top of the cage for the photo . 
 and honestly ? 
 dead rats were n't really my thing , either . 
 `` marlow . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 hold onto your shorts . '' 
 i opened the freezer and identified the frozen food section . 
 the ropy tail of a frost-covered furry creature was front and center . 
 `` why are you doing this again ? '' 
 zed asked . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 to impress virtual girl . 
 someone you have n't even met . '' 
 that was n't exactly true . 
 i 'd met her before . 
 whatever . 
 i grabbed the cold tail and grimaced . 
 i quickly made my way to the snake and held it over the case , hoping the fear i felt was n't all over my face . 
 the snake moved . 
 `` take it ! '' 
 zed laughed . 
 `` got it , scaredy-cat . '' 
 `` you 're one to talk . 
 i do n't see you over here posing as snake bait . '' 
 i tossed the rat back into the freezer and washed my hands in the sink . 
 with extra soap . 
 zed cocked a bushy eyebrow . 
 `` we done here ? '' 
 i slapped my hands together . 
 `` we are so done here . '' 
 zed sent me the pic and i studied it on my laptop . 
 the expression on my face was n't exactly cool . 
 i looked like i was trying to hold in a fart . 
 if teagan was n't convinced that i was a dork of the highest order by now , she would be when i sent her this . 
 but i had to . 
 i promised . 
 @averagegeek99 : snake pic delivered . 
 fear faced . 
 your turn next . 
 @art4ever : what pic ? 
 i was surprised by her rapid response . 
 i did n't think she 'd get this until later . 
 @averagegeek99 : me and snake with cold dead rat . 
 @art4ever : i did n't get it . 
 send again . 
 i uploaded the photo again . 
 confirmed it was delivered . 
 @averagegeek99 : got it now ? 
 @art4ever : nope . 
 this was really strange . 
 unless she was fibbing . 
 but why would she do that ? 
 that picture was sure to rock her world ! 
 at least make her laugh a little . 
 i sent it again , but she still said she did n't get it . 
 @averagegeek99 : do n't know why it 's not working . 
 you should 've gotten it . 
 but trust me , it happened ! 
 i have a witness . 
 @art4ever : oh ? 
 who would that be ? 
 @averagegeek99 : my roommate , zed . 
 @art4ever : zed ? 
 @averagegeek99 : like zee , but with a canadian accent . 
 @art4ever : does he have a beard ? 
 why would she ask that ? 
 did she have a thing for beards ? 
 i scrubbed my chin . 
 i supposed i could grow one . 
 last time i tried it was pretty patchy . 
 @averagegeek99 : yeah , actually . 
 he 's quite hairy . 
 like a tall , skinny gorilla . 
 why ? 
 do you like bearded men ? 
 @art4ever : can i ask you a question ? 
 did n't i just ask one ? 
 did she like bearded guys ? 
 did she like tall , skinny gorillas ? 
 @averagegeek99 : shoot . 
 @art4ever : are you gay ? 
 i mean , it 's not my business , but i do n't think it 's right for us to spend this much time chatting if you have a boyfriend . 
 my ears exploded with the sound of my chair screeching across the floor as i impulsively pushed away from my desk . 
 did the earth just split ? 
 did she seriously just ask me that ? 
 @averagegeek99 : god , no ! 
 why would you ask me that ? 
 did i say something that sounded gay ? 
 believe me , i would n't be chatting this much with you every night if i was n't into girls . 
 @art4ever : i 'm sorry . 
 it 's just that i thought i saw you with someone today . 
 someone whose description matches zed 's . 
 by the econ building . 
 @averagegeek99 : i was with zed , but we were in the science complex at one of the labs . 
 taking snake pictures . 
 trust me , it was anything but romantic . 
 @art4ever : ugh . 
 i feel like such an idiot . 
 i did n't feel that great either . 
 there was only one way to settle this . 
 @averagegeek99 : do you want to meet in person ? 
 i mean , before the big storm and you 're alone with me in my dorm . 
 let 's meet for coffee . 
 @art4ever : that 's a good idea . 
 we 're both students here , and i feel like i know you , more or less , already . 
 the one by the library ? 
 we set a time for the next afternoon . 
 @averagegeek99 : see you then ! 
 i went to the mirror and studied my image . 
 did i really have a doppleganger out there ? 
 surely one marlow henry in the world was enough . 
 i coughed nervously into my hand . 
 soon i 'd be meeting the lovely teagan in person . 
 i just hoped i was n't a huge disappointment . 
 chapter 14 teagan `` mom , everything is fine . '' 
 teagan blew bangs out of her eyes as she waited for her mother 's maternal worry rant to end . 
 `` yes , '' she promised her . 
 `` they 've beefed up security . '' 
 teagan cyber-visited with her mom once a week . 
 it was the deal she made to prevent her from calling teagan . 
 every . 
 single . 
 day . 
 after vanessa rothman 's rape , her mom had gone ballistic and threatened to pull her out of college . 
 teagan managed to calm her down but her concerns came up at the end of their sessions , regardless . 
 `` never walk alone , especially at night ! '' 
 `` of course not , mom . 
 i have sage , too . '' 
 her mom was an older version of teagan , but more beautiful . 
 striking , really . 
 teagan had seen guys of all ages stare at her mother as she walked by . 
 she could n't count how many times she 'd heard that they looked like sisters . 
 `` that attack was a one-time thing , '' teagan said . 
 `` they caught the guy . 
 it 's perfectly safe here now . '' 
 `` speaking of guys . '' 
 her mom drew out her sentence with a wink . 
 `` anyone interesting ? '' 
 `` there are a lot of cute guys at du , mom . '' 
 `` no one special yet ? '' 
 teagan sighed . 
 jake seemed to have moved on to nora already and her mother would freak if she told her how much time she spent chatting online with someone she had n't even met . 
 `` no . 
 no one special yet . '' 
 the glimmer left her mother 's eyes . 
 `` that 's good . 
 you have lots of time before you get entangled with anyone . 
 lots of time . '' 
 `` yes , i know , mom . '' 
 they 'd had variations of the conversation countless times . 
 her mom 's eyes darted downward repeatedly , like she was checking the time or something . 
 `` do you have to be somewhere ? '' 
 teagan asked . 
 her gaze met teagan 's and the earlier shimmer of excitement in her eyes seeped out . 
 `` yes , i have an appointment . 
 i hate to run , sweetie . '' 
 her mouth stretched out into a smile but it seemed forced . 
 `` you have a great day . '' 
 `` you too , mom . 
 talk to you next week . '' 
 her mom 's arm filled the screen as she reached over to disconnect their call . 
 a tiny black knot of worry worked itself in teagan 's gut . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that something was wrong with her mom . 
 she could n't pinpoint when her concern started , years ago maybe , a slow gradual awareness that her mother might be keeping something from her and her dad , the way she swung from happiness to melancholy on a dime . 
 teagan asked her father about her once and he only shrugged , saying that was just the way she was . 
 teagan thought she heard him mumble the word `` hormones . '' 
 teagan suspected her mother 's appointment was with a shrink . 
 every time she 'd tried probing in the past about where her mom was or what she was doing , she always blew teagan off . 
 teagan finally stopped asking . 
 it was n't her business , anyway , she supposed . 
 teagan 's laptop chimed and she grinned like a silly school girl when she saw marlow 's handle pop up on her chat screen . 
 they would be meeting in person in less than two hours . 
 she ran a hand through her messy locks , feeling a sudden urgency to clean up and look good for marlow . 
 but first she had to see what he wanted . 
 she hoped he was n't canceling . 
 @averagegeek99 : in case you do n't recognize me , i 'll be the one with a nerdy knitted sweater and eating an oatmeal raisin cookie . 
 a swoosh of relief flooded her . 
 their `` date '' was still on . 
 she tapped rapidly on the keys . 
 @art4ever : raisins ? 
 @averagegeek99 : do n't tell me you 're one of those . 
 @art4ever : one of what ? 
 @averagegeek99 : a raisin hater -- that 's fruit discrimination . 
 teagan could n't help but laugh . 
 she shook her head . 
 @art4ever : it 's dried fruit discrimination . 
 totally allowed . 
 @averagegeek99 : ah , i think i missed that memo . 
 @art4ever : you have to get up early to keep up . 
 @averagegeek99 : but what of my beauty sleep ? 
 @art4ever : it 's the price you have to pay . 
 teagan did n't know how it happened , but time just seemed to fly by whenever she was online with marlow . 
 chatting with him was just so natural and easy . 
 before she knew it she was down to less than an hour before they were supposed to meet , and she did n't even have her face on ! 
 @art4ever : got ta run but see you soon . 
 @averagegeek99 : ca n't wait . 
 she spent the next twenty minutes rifling through her clothes , the piles on the floor and the ones poking out from her drawers . 
 she did n't know why she felt so nervous , but she wanted to look just right . 
 not too stuffy , or too shabby . 
 teagan finally settled on a pair of skinny jeans and a red button-down blouse . 
 she decided to let her hair hang loose , borrowing sage 's iron to straighten her locks . 
 the heat of the iron made the blue streak shimmer . 
 she put on a tan faux-leather bomber jacket , adding a cream-colored woolen scarf around her neck and black knee-high boots with a one-inch heel zipped up over her jeans . 
 sage entered just as she was about to leave . 
 she scanned teagan with her dark , insightful eyes . 
 `` where are you off to in a hurry . '' 
 `` nowhere . '' 
 sage squinted hard and teagan knew she could tell she was lying . 
 `` i mean , i 'm meeting a friend for coffee . '' 
 sage placed a hand on her skinny hip . 
 `` dressed like that i 'd guess a male friend ? '' 
 teagan mimicked her by propping out a hip and cupping it with her hand . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 sage grinned . 
 `` you look good . 
 knock him dead and be prepared to tell me all about it when you get back . 
 i 'd grill you now but i 'm in a hurry . 
 i promised nora i 'd go into the city with her . '' 
 hearing about sage 's plans with nora put an instant damper on her mood . 
 sage and teagan had spent years hanging out with just each other . 
 they grew up as neighbors . 
 it was time , as sage repeatedly said , for them to spread their own wings . 
 teagan flapped her arms as she walked down the hall to the exit . 
 this was her , flying . 
 arriving right on time , teagan scanned the busy shop for marlow who should be wearing a wool sweater and eating an oatmeal raisin cookie . 
 someone eyeing the door waiting for her . 
 she searched each table , but no one matched his description . 
 teagan pushed down the disappointment of having arrived first . 
 usually she was the late one . 
 marlow would blow through the door any minute . 
 it would be easy to spot him when he did . 
 she ordered a hot tea and a chocolate chip oatmeal cookie -- just to meet him halfway on the cookie selection . 
 then , before her order was complete , she ordered a coffee and an oatmeal raisin cookie for him . 
 this first encounter could be her treat , and if that made him uncomfortable , he could pay her back . 
 either way , it would save them the awkward moments with her waiting at a table while he stood in line . 
 minutes ticked by as teagan picked at her cookie and sipped on her tea . 
 her phone lay on the table and she continually tapped it , checking the time . 
 at fifteen minutes past the hour , her face tightened into a frown . 
 by twenty after , her stomach juices started to swirl . 
 her neck grew hot , and she removed her scarf , scratching nervously at the exposed skin . 
 she finally pulled up the chat forum on her phone and messaged him . 
 the message bounced back , which was odd . 
 she did n't know any other way to contact him . 
 teagan stared at marlow 's untouched coffee and cookie . 
 was she seriously getting stood up ? 
 she waited a full hour , feeling embarrassed as students passed by , eyeing the empty seat and one empty tea cup . 
 people waited by the door searching for a place to sit . 
 teagan cleared her spot knowing her face was twisted in a scowl . 
 the second she stepped away , her table was scooped up by a happy couple holding hands . 
 she kept her eyes averted as she stormed out into the cool autumn evening . 
 stupid tears ran down her face , and she swiped at them with the back of her hand . 
 for once she was glad sage was away . 
 teagan hated that she was expecting some kind of juicy story from her and once again she had nothing but bitter disappointment and humiliation to offer . 
 sage was her best friend . 
 she would n't make her feel bad . 
 in fact , she 'd come up with ten evil ways to retaliate . 
 they 'd laugh , knowing they 'd never act on her ideas , and teagan would promise never to chat with marlow henry again . 
 teagan did n't think she 'd fall asleep , but there was nothing like a good cry to wear a person out and dip them into la-la land . 
 all fine except she had the dream again . 
 the nightmare . 
 it was dark and she was running , running , running , out of breath , lungs burning , heart beating in her ears . 
 her faceless pursuer was stronger than she was , and faster . 
 he wanted her . 
 he wanted to hurt her . 
 teagan pumped her arms and dodged through bushes and trees , branches scratching her face and arms . 
 she could n't out-maneuver him . 
 he grabbed her ponytail , jerking her backward . 
 she awoke with a scream . 
 the next morning it was all over the campus news . 
 another girl had been raped . 
 this time she did n't survive . 
 her throat closed up as one shallow word escaped : marlow . 
 chapter 15 marlow @averagegeek99 : where were you ? 
 @averagegeek99 : you did say the coffee shop by the library , did n't you ? 
 @averagegeek99 : is there more than one ? 
 @averagegeek99 : i do n't know what happened , but i 'm really sorry i missed you . 
 i wrote to teagan in the morning before class . 
 my knees jiggled as i sat in front of my laptop , waiting . 
 i wanted to be pissed off and accuse her of playing mind games , but a female student had died off campus . 
 blond . 
 freshman . 
 they were n't giving out her name until next of kin was identified . 
 what if it was her ? 
 `` hey man , '' zed said , sipping noisily on his green drink . 
 `` we 're going to be late . '' 
 `` go ahead . 
 i need a few more minutes . '' 
 zed shrugged . 
 `` it 's your funeral . '' 
 i had n't told zed about teagan 's no-show yet , and he had n't asked . 
 he knew me well enough to read my moods and kept his distance when things were sour . 
 right now my mood smelled like vomit . 
 i hiked up my heavy bag onto my shoulder , and once outside , i leaned into the wind and walked briskly . 
 `` hey , marlow ! '' 
 paul and steve fell into step beside me . 
 `` hey , '' i responded back without slowing . 
 `` where 's zed ? '' 
 steve asked . 
 `` dunno . '' 
 `` we just thought , '' paul said , `` since you guys are always together . '' 
 i shot him a look . 
 `` like you guys ? '' 
 paul slapped his head . 
 `` man , we got ta brings some chicks into our scene . '' 
 `` speaking of chicks , '' steve said . 
 `` how 'd it go with virtual girl last night ? '' 
 his thick brows jumped . 
 `` can we call her reality girl ? 
 are you going to break the curse of girl-lessness ? '' 
 i groaned inwardly , wishing i had n't told the guys i 'd planned to meet her . 
 my excitement had dimmed my senses . 
 `` i do n't kiss and tell . '' 
 why did i say that ? 
 paul grabbed my arm . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you kissed her already ? '' 
 `` shut up . 
 and no . 
 and i 'm not talking about it . '' 
 i did n't want to tell them i was worried for teagan , that maybe she was the victim of the campus attack . 
 and if she was n't then she stood me up and i did n't know why . 
 i did n't want to tell them that , either . 
 thankfully , i arrived at the science lab . 
 i gave them a quick chin nod . 
 `` see ya later . '' 
 i was the last to arrive , and i took a seat at the last empty table . 
 there was an uneven number in this class , which meant i got to sit alone . 
 i was glad . 
 i did n't want to have to talk to anyone and force amiability . 
 professor garvin stood at the front of the class , rubbing his bald head with one hand , and told us to continue working on our hypotheses assignment . 
 i opened my files on my laptop and stared at my work . 
 i pushed my glasses up the bridge of my nose as if that was a special trigger to help me focus . 
 my working title beckoned me : a singular quantum event . 
 i forced my brain to concentrate on quantum physics but it stubbornly skipped back to teagan . 
 i would n't be able to work until i knew she was okay . 
 i switched screens , logged onto the campus internet and re-read my messages . 
 @averagegeek99 : where were you ? 
 @averagegeek99 : you did say the coffee shop by the library did n't you ? 
 @averagegeek99 : is there more than one ? 
 @averagegeek99 : i do n't know what happened , but i 'm really sorry i missed you . 
 she had n't answered . 
 my nerves shot off , and i scratched my head with both hands , my mind going to the darkest place . 
 what if it was her ? 
 what if the girl who had been raped and killed was teagan ? 
 if she were ignoring me , she 'd be in class and not hanging out in chat forums . 
 i forced myself to focus on my assignment . 
 when the hour and a half was up , everyone gathered their things and left . 
 i returned to the forums and typed . 
 @averagegeek99 : teagan , i do n't know why you did n't show . 
 maybe i said something to make you mad or turn you off , but can you please just let me know you 're okay ? 
 @art4ever : stop writing to me . 
 my neck flushed with the pleasure of relief and the bitter pain of rejection . 
 @averagegeek99 : will you at least tell me what i said ? 
 @art4ever : just stop ! 
 one exclamation mark had the sharp edge of a knife . 
 she did n't want to talk to me anymore ? 
 fine . 
 at least she was safe . 
 but i was still really , really pissed . 
 this was a load of bull . 
 i did n't need her company anyway . 
 i was busy . 
 as it was i was going to be late for my advanced calculus class . 
 i grabbed my coat and backpack and raced out . 
 chapter 16 sage i eyed teagan from across the room as she paced the narrow space between our beds . 
 `` what 's the matter with you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she stopped and stared back at me . 
 `` what if it 's marlow ? '' 
 i squinted in question . 
 `` what if what 's marlow ? '' 
 `` the killer ? '' 
 she lowered herself onto the edge of her bed and whispered , `` marlow did n't show . '' 
 she lifted her palms as if she did n't want to put words to the rest of her thoughts . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i asked , though i immediately knew what she was saying . 
 `` he stood you up last night ? '' 
 she shook her head , her face flushed with embarrassment . 
 `` oh my god , teagan . '' 
 panic flushed through my chest . 
 `` you need to tell someone . '' 
 she sprung to her feet and paced some more . 
 `` he wrote me this morning . 
 he acted like i was the one who did n't show . '' 
 `` do you think he 's trying to establish an alibi ? '' 
 she flopped on her bed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't even know him . 
 i 've never seen him in person . 
 he probably looks nothing like his profile picture , which would explain why he did n't show . '' 
 i did n't know if she was overreacting or if she was onto something . 
 her scowl drew deeper . 
 `` or maybe he did show ! 
 sage ? 
 maybe he was there the whole time watching me ! '' 
 my whole body broke into goose bumps . 
 `` you have to tell someone , teag . 
 call the police . '' 
 `` and tell them what ? 
 that i was stood up ? 
 that 's hardly proof . '' 
 `` still , it 's a tip . 
 i 'm sure they get lots of false ones before the real ones come in . 
 no one who calls knows if theirs is the real tip or not . '' 
 i walked across the room to her desk , grabbed her phone and tossed it to her on the bed . 
 `` you have nothing to lose and maybe you 'll save a life . '' 
 teagan made the call . 
 we did n't have to wait long for her to make her report as the police were already canvassing the campus . 
 within half an hour two detectives showed up at our dorm . 
 `` i 'm detective kilroy , '' the female cop said . 
 she had dark hair pulled back in a severe ponytail . 
 she motioned to her partner , an african american male . 
 `` and this is detective simpson . '' 
 teagan told them everything . 
 `` his name is marlow henry . 
 he 's a science student . 
 i met him online . '' 
 teagan showed them their chatting transcripts . 
 her cheeks reddened when their flirty comments came up . 
 detective simpson asked , `` so , you 've never met him in person ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` and you ca n't confirm his identity or whereabouts last night ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the detectives shot each other a look , just short of an eye roll . 
 listening to teagan talk , i could see how to them she sounded like a girl who was just angry and humiliated for being stood up . '' 
 detective kilroy spoke into a handset . 
 `` marlow henry . 
 science student . 
 check his alibi . '' 
 at least they 'll get this marlow guy 's alibi and if he has one , they can scratch him off the suspect list . 
 teagan slumped on her bed after they left and my heart went out to her . 
 `` teag , '' i said . 
 `` you did the right thing . '' 
 `` he 's only ever been nice to me and maybe he had gotten the café mixed up . 
 i could 've just implicated an innocent man . '' 
 `` well , '' i countered . 
 `` if his alibi checks out , then no harm done . 
 they wo n't tell him they got their tip from you . '' 
 `` he 's smart , '' teagan said . 
 `` he 'll figure it out . '' 
 her phone rang and she groaned . 
 `` it 's my mother . 
 she must 've heard the news . '' 
 i smiled sympathetically . 
 mrs. lake was beautiful , but a tough mother to manage . 
 i admired teagan 's patience . 
 just being in the same room with mrs. lake made my anxiety levels soar . 
 she was so intense and demanding , and she micromanaged teagan 's life with an iron fist . 
 my mother was n't always reasonable , but she was a walk in the park in comparison . 
 i left for the lounge to get something to drink . 
 i wanted to give teagan privacy . 
 i also did n't want to get sucked into their ongoing drama again . 
 chapter 17 teagan the week passed by slowly . 
 everyone was on pins and needles waiting for an announcement that the killer had been caught . 
 the senator 's son who 'd been arrested for the rape of vanessa rothman was released and charges dropped . 
 his lawyers got him off on a technicality , but now with a second blond female student victim , the police were looking at a possible serial rapist . 
 it almost made teagan want to dye her hair . 
 her mom called her every night now , and she spent at least ten minutes reassuring her . 
 she never walked alone or after dark . 
 she was careful . 
 despite this huge blight on the university , teagan really enjoyed her professors and loved the art she was producing . 
 it was too late in the year to transfer somewhere else . 
 besides , thanksgiving was coming . 
 she 'd be home then , and her mother could rest easy for a while . 
 every day teagan half expected to hear that marlow henry had been arrested , but his name was never mentioned anywhere . 
 especially not in this dorm . 
 sage expertly avoided any discussion of him . 
 another week passed without incident . 
 the leaves dropped from the trees and covered the paths in yellow . 
 exposed branches stretched out like scratchy silhouettes across the teal green sky . 
 soon the snow would fall . 
 teagan deeply inhaled the crisp air . 
 jake and nora had become an official couple . 
 they were well-suited to each other , better than she and jake would 've been . 
 she could n't help but wonder what he saw in her in the first place . 
 nora had thanked her more than once for being instrumental in their meeting . 
 she gushed to sage and teagan about how she and jake were soul mates . 
 teagan supposed that should make her feel good . 
 it did n't . 
 it made her feel lonely and inadequate . 
 where was her soul mate ? 
 her mom kept telling her she had a lot of time to find the one . 
 `` just focus on getting good grades , '' she said , `` and find a way to support yourself so you never have to depend on a man . '' 
 it seemed like good advice . 
 teagan was working on an art history project when she heard the ding of the chat room bell . 
 it had been almost three weeks since she last chatted with marlow and she had n't chatted with anyone else since . 
 it had to be him and she almost did n't look , but her curiosity got the best of her . 
 she blinked a couple times as her mind registered the message . 
 she had sense enough finally to experience a cool spread of fear . 
 @gingerbreadman to @art4ever : you 're next . 
 chapter 18 marlow i had this stupid compulsion to time everything to the last minute . 
 class started at 4:00 pm . 
 the physics department was a twelve-minute walk door to door . 
 so naturally i waited until quarter to before i packed up my books , used the facilities and brushed my teeth -- which i did at rapid speed to comply with my three-minute limit , and then i left at precisely twelve minutes to , my heart racing as i hopped down the three cement steps to the campus walkway . 
 which would be fine , except that it did n't account for any unforeseen mishaps or events that could bite into the tight schedule and there was always an unforeseen mishap or event -- i should know better by now . 
 the mishap happened on the steps , not two seconds after i exited the door . 
 another guy was coming in at the same moment , the both of us with our heads down watching our feet . 
 i saw him at the last second , made an impressive dodge to the right and almost passed by unscathed except for the fact that one of my laces had come undone and the guy stood on it solidly while i tried to take my next step . 
 the tumble knocked the wind out of me as i exhaled with a painful , `` oof . '' 
 i became aware of a barely pubescent voice , `` dude , are you okay ? '' 
 i squinted one eye open to see a face almost as nerdy as mine peering down at me . 
 the image blurred and i wondered if i 'd hit my head , but then the guy offered me my glasses which i had apparently knocked off while trying to break my fall . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , feeling like a moron . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 the guy asked again . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i pulled myself onto my feet . 
 my right knee and elbow hurt , but other than my bruised ego , i was fine . 
 i broke into a gimpy jog . 
 professor garvin was known to close and lock his doors before starting his lecture to discourage tardiness . 
 the sky above was a bright blue , the sun sending warm yellow rays through bare tree branches , but the horizon to the north was a dark , eerie gray . 
 the wind swished through the piles of leaves in mini whirlwinds . 
 the energy in the air made the hair on my arms stand on end . 
 a storm was coming . 
 the thought reminded me of teagan and her fear of storms . 
 if things had turned out , she 'd probably be coming to see me tonight and i 'd be the one to comfort her and ease her fears . 
 i snorted in frustration and picked up my pace . 
 i needed to attend this lecture if i wanted to get a jump on the assignment . 
 as it was i was going to be working on homework through the thanksgiving weekend . 
 i puffed like an old dog , reaching the hallway just as professor garvin stretched an arm out to close the door . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i rasped out as loud as my burning lungs allowed . 
 the door stilled and professor garvin 's bald head peeked out . 
 `` mr. henry . 
 this is your lucky day . 
 perhaps in the future , you could budget a little more time to travel to my class . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i muttered , trying in vain to compose myself before being ushered inside . 
 a dozen or more heads turned to watch me slide in . 
 i refused to meet anyone eye to eye , keeping my gaze at table level , looking for an empty seat . 
 the last chair left was beside blaine tucker . 
 i suppressed a groan . 
 blaine was everything i was n't : tall , clean-shaven with neatly trimmed hair and what girls would call a strong jaw . 
 he had no need for glasses and when he smiled , he produced two `` adorable dimples , '' according to the girls in the room . 
 i did n't think they realized how their voices carried over all the stainless steel . 
 and he was smart , otherwise he would n't be in this class . 
 life was n't fair . 
 `` hey , marlow , '' he said . 
 `` hi . 
 where 's gina ? '' 
 gina was blaine 's pretty brunette girlfriend and his usual lab partner . 
 if she 'd been here , i 'd get a table to myself , but professor garvin wanted everyone to have a partner when possible . 
 `` sick today . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i unloaded my books , settled onto the stool and leaned forward as professor garvin started his lecture on quantum physics and the many theories regarding the possibilities of alternate realities and parallel universes . 
 `` time can be perceived like a fork with many tongs extending out in parallel realms . 
 in many ways the same , but also different . '' 
 blaine whispered from the side of his mouth , `` this is a crock . '' 
 `` they 're just theories , '' i whispered back . 
 `` and there 's a lot of supporting evidence . '' 
 maybe in another universe blaine was the dork and i was the cool , smart guy with the pretty girlfriend . 
 by the time the class ended , the storm outside had descended into a fury . 
 i kept my chin tucked into the collar of my jacket and pinched my eyes against the sting of the wind . 
 it had n't started raining yet , but when it did , it would be a downpour . 
 i walked as fast as i could , body pressed to the wind , eyes opened only slivers , just enough so i could make out where i was going and hopefully avoid another embarrassing tumble . 
 once i made it back to the safety of my dorm room , i stripped my outer clothes and plopped onto my bed , exhausted . 
 i folded my hands behind my head , closed my eyes and tried to relax . 
 i imagined teagan lake with me , lying pressed against my side as i stroked her back and made comforting noises in her ear . 
 every time the wind whistled through the windows or a clap of thunder sounded in the distance , she 'd whimper and press herself closer . 
 i did n't let my imagination go beyond that . 
 even in my daydreams i was a gentleman . 
 i wondered what she was doing and who she was with . 
 probably that jock . 
 my stomach muscles tensed at the thought . 
 maybe i should start going to the gym . 
 i huffed out loud at the absurdity . 
 me and my skinny arms pumping iron next to those hockey jerks ? 
 not gon na happen . 
 chapter 19 run , run , run , as fast as you can . 
 you ca n't catch me . 
 i 'm the gingerbread man . 
 the nursery rhyme would forever remind him of his father and trigger frosty threads of fear that rippled through his veins even now . 
 it was the tune his old man would sing in a low , menacing whisper , late at night once his mother had passed out after her fourth shot of bourbon . 
 his dad 's massive frame would fill his bedroom door before he stepped into the glow of the spiderman nightlight that cast a long ghostly shadow along the floor and cut sharply up the wall . 
 the tune was like a war siren to his young ears . 
 his father would make just enough space for him to escape into the hallway and down the steps , and after singing through it for the third time , the chase would be on . 
 his little boy feet raced as fast as they could down the stairs , his heart thundering like a blow horn in his ears , his hand picking up slivers along the rough edges of the railing . 
 he did n't even feel the pinch of the short splinters . 
 a far worse pain was in store for him . 
 this was a certainty . 
 the only question was how long he could delay the inevitable . 
 and he 'd learned from experience that if he did n't play the game , make the hunt exciting for his dad , the outcome would be even worse . 
 in those days , their house sat on the edge of town . 
 the city had since sprawled , swallowing up their rural neighborhood with a cookie-cutter , boxy-house suburb , but in his youth , there was a forest beyond their wooden fence . 
 when the game first began , he 'd sought out hiding places in the house -- a linen closet , under the sofa , even downstairs in the absolutely terrifying dark , musky cellar . 
 it did n't take him long to figure out that he had to get further than the walls of their house . 
 the problem was the distance from the back door to the fence . 
 his legs were too short and his father 's stride too long . 
 his heart pounded so hard he thought his ears were bleeding . 
 his face grew wet with tears and snot , and he screamed every time his father caught him and wrapped a beefy palm over his face to suppress his cries , nearly suffocating him . 
 his dad carried him under his arm like a sack of flour , back to the house and down the steps to the cellar . 
 that was where the belt would come off . 
 he hated the musky damp scent of old cold rooms . 
 he hated his old man . 
 eventually , he grew tall enough and fast enough to outrun his dad , losing him in the welcoming darkness of the forest , able to climb tall pines out of reach and out of sight . 
 it was there that he vowed to kill his dad one day . 
 he was still scared of the old bastard . 
 though they were now the same height , his father outweighed him by fifty pounds . 
 he was big , strong and mean . 
 a liar and a cheater . 
 he wondered if his mother ever knew about the other woman ? 
 maybe that was why she 'd started drinking ? 
 did n't matter now . 
 he had n't planned to kill the last girl . 
 not really , though he had played with the idea more than once . 
 he 'd just gotten carried away , but now he could see that the killing had been a dry run for his dad . 
 watching her gasp for breath , her eyes glossy with fear , and the awareness that the end of her existence was in his control gave him a sense of empowerment . 
 he was n't the weak , helpless little victim any more . 
 he was the gingerbread man . 
 one day he 'd kill his old man , but for now he had someone better . 
 he 'd made a fortuitous discovery . 
 the whore 's daughter was a student at detroit university . 
 he 'd been watching her . 
 he grinned as he sipped the beer in his hand , his mind slowly tuning back into the bar noise and activity around him . 
 this would be his first real hunt . 
 he just had to think of a way to lure her to him . 
 chapter 20 teagan teagan squeezed the plastic bottle of brown goo on her hair , unsure if her eyes were burning from the chemicals or from the emotional impact of watching her blue streak disappear . 
 her plastic-gloved fingers trembled against her scalp as she worked the solution into her roots and dragged the color along the blond strands until every last bit of yellow had disappeared . 
 you 're next . 
 those two words were a fiery stake to her heart . 
 whoever the hell gingerbreadman was scared the bejeebers out of her . 
 her first impulse was to delete , delete , delete . 
 then she 'd curled up into a little ball on her bed and moaned softly into her pillow . 
 that was how sage found her . 
 she had to pull the message out of her trash bin on her laptop , but thankfully it was still there . 
 proof she was n't going crazy . 
 sage insisted that she call the detectives who 'd questioned them before . 
 she did , and they followed up , but gingerbreadman was a tech wiz and had encrypted his address . 
 they offered to put a watch on her and her room , an offer she accepted . 
 teagan did n't dare tell her mother , because she would 've freaked with a capital f . 
 it was only two days until thanksgiving when she could go home where she 'd be safe . 
 hopefully , this maniac would be caught before school started up again after the holiday weekend . 
 the timer buzzed and teagan stepped into the shower to wash out the dye . 
 she wiped the fog off the mirror when she was done and breathed out a long breath of relief . 
 she was no longer blond . 
 not only was she barely recognizable to herself , she no longer fit the description of the attacker 's type . 
 teagan dried her hair with the blow-dryer and studied her new look in the mirror . 
 hair color made a big difference in a person 's looks , but she was still her . 
 the way she stood , the way she walked , where she walked to . 
 eventually he would notice , especially if he were really looking for her . 
 the question was why ? 
 why her specifically ? 
 the police confirmed that the other two victims had n't received a similar message , which made them think this was probably a random prank . 
 did teagan have any enemies ? 
 any on-going disputes ? 
 no , she told them . 
 she kept to herself . 
 was generally well-liked . 
 it just did n't make sense . 
 teagan startled when the message chime rang on her laptop . 
 was it him ? 
 a quick look alleviated her fears . 
 sort of . 
 it was n't gingerbreadman , it was averagegeek99 . 
 she was n't entirely convinced they were n't the same person . 
 @averagegeek99 : are you there ? 
 please . 
 i do n't know why you 're mad at me . 
 i just need to know you 're okay . 
 why would n't she be okay ? 
 unless marlow somehow knew about gingerbreadman ? 
 maybe he wanted to warn her . 
 @art4ever : yes . 
 i 'm here and okay . 
 @averagegeek99 : this is going to sound weird , but i need you to confirm your identity . 
 quickly , so i know you 're not scrolling through old texts , what is my biggest fear ? 
 teagan immediately began typing . 
 @art4ever : snakes . 
 @averagegeek99 : my roommate 's name ? 
 @art4ever : zed . 
 @averagegeek99 : first joke ? 
 marlow 's urgency was scaring her . 
 her fingers shook , and she had to backspace to correct spelling while simultaneously chastising herself -- who cared about spelling ? 
 @art4ever : knock , knock . 
 @art4ever : marlow , what 's up ? 
 @averagegeek99 : sorry . 
 do n't mean to freak you out . 
 @art4ever : too late . 
 @averagegeek99 : something weird is going on . 
 i ca n't explain it , just , i thought you were in trouble . 
 teagan did n't know what had shaken him up so badly but she felt the need to comfort him . 
 @art4ever : i 'm in my dorm . 
 door 's locked . 
 just getting ready for bed . 
 @averagegeek99 : okay . 
 good . 
 how are you ? 
 is it okay for me to ask that ? 
 @art4ever : i 'm fine . 
 studying hard . 
 i 'm looking forward to going home for thanksgiving . 
 are you going home ? 
 @averagegeek99 : nah . 
 holiday celebrations are n't really our thing . 
 i 've got a science paper to work on . 
 she really should n't have stayed online with him , but sage was out again and talking to him made her feel like she was n't so alone . 
 @art4ever : what 's it about ? 
 @averagegeek99 : i have n't decided yet . 
 it 's for my quantum physics class . 
 i thought i knew , but i think i 'm changing my mind . 
 the prof likes outside-of-the-box thinking so i have to pick something nerdy . 
 are you working on any cool art projects ? 
 @art4ever : an abstract with mixed medium . 
 acrylics , fabric , bicycle parts . 
 @averagegeek99 : bicycle parts ? 
 @art4ever : gears and pieces of the chain . 
 it 's all about the texture . 
 @averagegeek99 : i 'd love to see it . 
 what was that ? 
 was he suggesting they try meeting up again ? 
 @averagegeek99 : i mean someday . 
 @averagegeek99 : or just a picture of it . 
 @averagegeek99 : or never . 
 just forget it . 
 his obvious nervousness made her smile against her will . 
 he was just so geeky ! 
 and adorable . 
 he could n't be gingerbreadman . 
 it just seemed so ridiculous to her now . 
 @art4ever : i 'd love to show it to you . 
 @art4ever : someday . 
 teagan smiled into her hand . 
 it was true . 
 she really did want to show it to him someday . 
 she heard another chime and her mother 's name appeared . 
 her mom did n't usually write between their weekly sessions unless something came up . 
 @art4ever : my mom 's online . 
 i have to run . 
 @averagegeek99 : got it . 
 it 's been great chatting . 
 until next time ? 
 @art4ever : yeah . 
 talking to marlow produced warm fuzzies in her belly , a happy sensation she had n't experienced in a while . 
 she had to change mental gears to deal with her mom . 
 @art4ever to @mylakeisthebestlake : hey , mom . 
 what 's up ? 
 @mylakeisthebestlake : good news ! 
 i 'm at du ! 
 there 's a coffee shop by the park on the edge of campus . 
 believe in beans . 
 do you know it ? 
 can you meet me ? 
 i 'd come to your room , but the campus is so large and confusing . 
 i 'm afraid i 'd lose my way in the dark . 
 teagan frowned at the screen . 
 @art4ever : what are you doing here ? 
 i 'm going to be home in two days . 
 @mylakeisthebestlake : i do n't want you to travel by yourself . 
 it 's not safe and i 'm worried . 
 and i thought it would be nice to spend some time together . 
 i wanted to surprise you ! 
 @art4ever : i 'm surprised ! 
 where did you plan on staying ? 
 @mylakeisthebestlake : there 's a hotel just off the highway . 
 i booked a room . 
 do you want to stay with me ? 
 it 'd be fun . 
 @art4ever : i would , but i really have to study . 
 @mylakeisthebestlake : i understand . 
 how about a hot chocolate ? 
 i 'd just feel better if i could see your face . 
 teagan checked the time : 7:45 . 
 it would take her fifteen minutes by campus shuttle to get to the side of the campus her mom was at . 
 she could n't believe how directionally challenged her mother was . 
 it was amazing she made it this far on her own . 
 @art4ever : hot chocolate sounds good . 
 but i ca n't stay long . 
 @mylakeisthebestlake : great . 
 i 'll wait by the front door . 
 see you soon ! 
 teagan pulled a pair of jeans over her pajama shorts and slipped into an extra sweater before putting on her jacket . 
 the wind whistled through the window pane and she wrapped a red scarf around her neck for good measure . 
 she totally forgot to tell her mom about her new hair color . 
 her mother was n't the only one with a surprise . 
 teagan ran to catch the bus . 
 chapter 21 marlow it was just another tuesday . 
 that was the first misassumption i made . 
 i stood in a long line at java junkie , catching a yawn with my free hand . 
 everyone looked puffy-eyed with bad hair and chins tucked into scarves or warm sweaters . 
 two girls stood in front of me , a brunette and a redhead . 
 i recognized the brunette , sage something . 
 she was in one of my math classes . 
 if she recognized me , she did n't show it . 
 by the time i got to the front of the line , ordered , paid for and got my coffee , i was running late for my calculus class . 
 i pushed through the wind as droplets of rain dotted my glasses , causing the world to blur . 
 i removed them and shoved them in my pocket , careful when i stepped up onto the sidewalk that i did n't misjudge the height . 
 i did n't want to lose my caffeine fix . 
 fortunately , professor plats was n't the type of prof to lock his doors . 
 once inside the building , i took a moment to retrieve my glasses and clean them with the edge of my shirt before sliding them over my nose . 
 the world came back into focus , and i grabbed an empty seat at the end of the room . 
 professor plats was scribbling our assignment on the blackboard . 
 it was strange to think of him as a professor . 
 for one thing , he could n't be that much older than i was -- he must 've been a quirky child prodigy . 
 he had dirty-blond hair and squinty , brown eyes , like he needed glasses but did n't want to wear them . 
 he wore sweater vests over white shirts with the tails hanging out over skinny jeans . 
 he had a way of making nerdiness look cool . 
 i should probably take notes . 
 he yawned and rubbed his eyes , and i wondered what could be keeping him up at night . 
 unsolved equations ? 
 tests to mark ? 
 a blond girl from the front row approached him . 
 he snapped to attention like all guys did when they encountered a pretty face . 
 his eyes widened and he nodded , then pointed to something in the textbook she held out . 
 even from my spot in the back row , i could see the girl blushing at the prof 's attention . 
 maybe she was the reason he did n't get any sleep the night before . 
 jake wentworth sat two tables to the right of me beside his buddy chet . 
 jake took a long pull from a tall paper cup of coffee . 
 chet gave in and lowered his buzz cut onto his arms on the table . 
 i stifled another yawn . 
 it was the time of year . 
 midterms were a killer and everyone stayed up late , studying . 
 my first exam was after lunch . 
 no one was getting enough sleep . 
 i opened my textbook to the page professor plats marked on the board . 
 it was a review of everything covered so far , prep for the next day 's exam . 
 the class resumed in relative quiet , just the sound of pencils scratching and paper shuffling . 
 the peace was shattered ten minutes before class ended when a girl who 'd been playing with her phone instead of working out math problems started shrieking . 
 `` oh my god . 
 it 's happened again ! 
 another girl has been raped and killed ! '' 
 suddenly everyone was wide awake . 
 who was it ? 
 do they know ? 
 i 've got ta call my roommate , make sure she 's okay . 
 who was it ? 
 oh , there 's a name . 
 another freshman . 
 the girl 's name is teagan lake . 
 chapter 22 teagan teagan second-guessed the wisdom of taking transit alone after dark once she was on the bus . 
 it was full of students she did n't know , mostly guys , and there were a handful that seemed to make a special note of her sitting by herself . 
 she wrapped her arms around her chest and stared at her reflection in the window . 
 she was a brunette now . 
 he would n't want her . 
 besides , she could n't leave her own mother hanging . 
 the bus came to a stop and her heart thudded when she recognized the couple that boarded . 
 nora and jake . 
 they walked right past her without even a nod of acknowledgment . 
 that was when she knew her hair-color change had worked . 
 thank goodness . 
 half a hockey team boarded at the next stop . 
 six guys oozing testosterone with bulky sports bags swung over broad shoulders pushed their way down the aisle , forcing other passengers to lean in toward the windows . 
 they bellowed and guffawed , taking all the empty spots left , including the one next to teagan . 
 the guy shot her a quick glance as he sat down , then twisted so he could face his pals in the back . 
 `` hey wentworth , '' he yelled . 
 `` you skippin ' ? '' 
 `` nah , '' jake shouted back . 
 `` i got my bag here . '' 
 teagan slunk lower , hugging the window . 
 two stops later , they all got off , allowing the remaining passengers to take a breath . 
 each stop after that had people getting off , but none getting on . 
 teagan had forgotten that the coffee shop her mom had mentioned was at the end of the line . 
 the campus populace had thinned out significantly . 
 maybe it was the time of night or maybe this just was n't where the action was . 
 teagan shivered and wrapped her arms close to her chest . 
 a noisy freeway ran on the other side of a wide berm to the west . 
 a forested park edged an empty parking lot to the north . 
 a half-lit sign showed believe in beans and had an arrow pointing to the café . 
 the windows were dark . 
 it definitely looked closed , which would be odd for 8:00 p.m. at night . 
 teagan wondered if her mom had gotten the name wrong . 
 then she wondered if the message was actually from her mother . 
 she froze . 
 she wanted to turn around . 
 find another bus . 
 but if her mom were there somewhere , she could n't just leave her . 
 chapter 23 marlow blood drained from my face . 
 it could n't be . 
 no . 
 please . 
 not her . 
 i raced back to my dorm -- rain pounding on my head , lightning flashing in bright , jagged streaks across the sky , thunder crashing in the distance . 
 the universe was demonstrating the chaos going on in my heart . 
 i stood in my dorm , letting the water run from my body into a puddle on the floor , feeling numb . 
 i began to shake violently . 
 somehow , i managed to strip out of my wet clothes until i wore nothing but my boxers , and settled into my desk chair . 
 i whipped open my laptop to double check the news . 
 there must 've been a mistake . 
 please , let it be a big mistake . 
 my fingers quivered along with my goose bump-covered body and i slumped as i read the newsfeed . 
 third rape and second murder victim identified as detroit university freshman , teagan lake . 
 her body was found in the park at the north end of the campus . 
 police are investigating and talking to persons of interest . 
 a picture of teagan was posted alongside the story . 
 it was n't the same one she used on her chat profile . 
 her hair was longer , and the blue streak was missing . 
 my mind went crazy . 
 despite the newsflash in front of me , i could n't accept it as truth . 
 my fingers seemed to work autonomously from the logical part of my brain . 
 @averagegeek99 to @art4ever : are you there ? 
 please . 
 i do n't know why you 're mad at me . 
 i just need to know you 're okay . 
 i pinched my eyes together . 
 i was insane . 
 of course she would n't respond . 
 dead people did n't hang out in chat rooms . 
 then i heard the ping . 
 @art4ever : yes . 
 i 'm here and okay . 
 i knocked off my glasses in surprise . 
 my heart took off like pebbles scattered across the pond . 
 it could n't be her . 
 could it ? 
 i scrambled to fit my glasses back on my face and began to type . 
 @averagegeek99 : this is going to sound weird , but i need you to confirm your identity . 
 quickly , so i know you 're not scrolling through old texts , what is my biggest fear ? 
 a response came within seconds . 
 @art4ever : snakes . 
 good guess ? 
 @averagegeek99 : my roommate 's name ? 
 @art4ever : zed . 
 oh , god . 
 @averagegeek99 : first joke ? 
 @art4ever : knock , knock . 
 @art4ever : marlow , what 's up ? 
 it was her . 
 it had to be . 
 she knew my name ! 
 @averagegeek99 : sorry . 
 do n't mean to freak you out . 
 @art4ever : too late . 
 @averagegeek99 : something weird is going on . 
 i ca n't explain it , just , i thought you were in trouble . 
 @art4ever : i 'm in my dorm . 
 door 's locked . 
 just getting ready for bed . 
 i ran a hand through my hair and rubbed the back of my neck . 
 i was so confused . 
 @averagegeek99 : okay . 
 good . 
 how are you ? 
 is it okay for me to ask that ? 
 @art4ever : i 'm fine . 
 studying hard . 
 i 'm looking forward to going home for thanksgiving . 
 are you going home ? 
 @averagegeek99 : nah . 
 holiday celebrations are n't really our thing . 
 i 've got a science paper to work on . 
 @art4ever : what 's it about ? 
 @averagegeek99 : i have n't decided yet . 
 maybe something to do with the last couple of lectures prof garvin gave on alternate realities . 
 alternate realities . 
 no way . 
 was it possible ? 
 was it possible that the teagan lake i was chatting with now , was n't the same teagan lake reported about in the news ? 
 could my teagan lake be in a parallel universe ? 
 i pushed away from the desk and paced around my wet pile of clothes . 
 the idea was so crazy . 
 but theoretically , it was possible . 
 and if my teagan was still alive in another reality , a reality where the attacks were also happening , she could still be in danger . 
 how could i help her ? 
 if i mentioned something crazy like this , she 'd stop chatting with me again for sure and then it really would be impossible to help her . 
 if this were true , there must be a way to cross over . 
 but how ? 
 we continued to chat about lighter topics like her latest art project and she surprised me when she said she 'd like me to see it . 
 in the background my mind was racing , trying to unravel this mystery . 
 was this why none of our pictures or video efforts ever worked ? 
 she was over there somewhere and i was here ? 
 how did our chat sessions happen then ? 
 what was going on when i got her first message ? 
 @art4ever : my mom 's online . 
 i have to run . 
 @averagegeek99 : got it . 
 it 's been great chatting . 
 until next time ? 
 @art4ever : yeah . 
 i was still shivering from the cold induced by the storm and somehow made my shaky legs get me into a hot shower . 
 my mind continued to spin as i soaped up . 
 the whole scenario was just so wild . 
 something nagged at the back of my mind , but i could n't seem to grasp it in my exhausted and traumatized state . 
 i dressed in pajama pants and an old t-shirt , and brushed my teeth . 
 i was spitting in the sink when it came to me . 
 the storm . 
 it was storming the day teagan first contacted me . 
 i remember getting shocked when i 'd typed a reply . 
 something happened that day to connect us . 
 maybe it originated from her side ? 
 i had to get over there somehow , had to do something to keep her safe . 
 i did n't know how to make a jump happen . 
 only one impulsive idea came to mind . 
 i grabbed my laptop and ran outside into the rain . 
 chapter 24 teagan teagan walked up to the front door of believe in beans and peered inside . 
 only darkness . 
 chairs were stacked up in rows along a back wall . 
 a sign hung on the window announcing it was closed for renovations and apologizing for any inconvenience . 
 her mom must 've gotten her cafés mixed up . 
 she was probably waiting at one in an entirely different area of campus ! 
 she reached into her purse for her phone so she could text her . 
 `` teagan . '' 
 her head jerked up at her name . 
 it sounded like her mother 's voice . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` teagan ! '' 
 it was her voice . 
 she sounded like she was in distress . 
 teagan searched the perimeter of the parking lot where her mother 's calls seemed to come from . 
 `` mom ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 teagan ran toward the sound of her mom 's voice , into the darkness of the park . 
 she did n't think twice that it could be a trap . 
 the only thing on her mind was that her mother was hurt and that she needed to find her . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 `` teagan . '' 
 ice cold prickles ran up teagan 's spine as she skittered to a stop . 
 that was not her mother 's voice . 
 it was low and male . 
 `` thanks for coming , '' he said . 
 `` of course , i knew you would . 
 mommy 's girl . '' 
 teagan spun slowly . 
 he stood between her and the parking lot , his face in shadow so she could n't identify him . 
 she could scream , but she knew no one would hear her through the highway noise . 
 `` where 's my mother ? '' 
 she asked , hoping her voice did n't portray the fear she felt . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 probably happily banging my father again . '' 
 what ? 
 he took a step closer . 
 teagan took a careful step backward . 
 her forehead broke out into a cold sweat . 
 her throat closed up . 
 her knees felt like jelly . 
 she was in trouble . 
 deep , horrible trouble . 
 `` you changed your hair . 
 tsk , tsk . 
 you know i prefer blonds . '' 
 `` where 's my mother ? '' 
 `` she 's not the one you should be worried about right now , '' he said . 
 `` where did her voice come from ? 
 i know i heard her . '' 
 he held up a small recording device . 
 `` as i have already indicated , your mother and my father are acquainted . 
 all i had to do was to hack into one of their many communications . '' 
 teagan 's eyelids fluttered as she tried to process his implication . 
 there was no way her mom would have anything to do with another man in that way . 
 teagan took another step back , snapping a twig underfoot . 
 the light of the half-moon filtered through the trees , which surrounded her on three sides . 
 the dim parking lot lights pointed to the empty lot beyond , but he stood in her way . 
 she was n't an athlete . 
 she was fairly certain she could n't deke past him . 
 the seconds boomed loudly between them as they remained frozen in their spot , waiting . 
 then his voice broke into a soft , menacing song . 
 `` run , run , run , as fast as you can . 
 you ca n't catch me . 
 i 'm the gingerbread man . '' 
 teagan spun toward the darkness of the park and ran . 
 the end of part 1 look for the full novel , gingerbread man . 
 i hope you enjoyed reading run run run . 
 please consider leaving a review as they are very helpful to indie authors and also help readers find the books they love . 
 if you want to make sure you do n't miss any new release new or promo news sign up for my newsletter -lrb- an receive a free short story ! -rrb- 
 for more info on my books or how to follow me on social media visit me at leestraussbooks.com . 
 books by lee strauss young adult the perception series -lrb- dystopian/sci-fi/romance -rrb- ambition -lrb- short story prequel -rrb- perception -lrb- book 1 -rrb- volition -lrb- book 2 -rrb- contrition -lrb- book 3 -rrb- playing with matches -lrb- ww2 history/romance -rrb- playing with matches a piece of blue string -lrb- companion short story -rrb- jars of clay -lrb- ancient rome history/romance -rrb- jars of clay broken vessels -lrb- jars of clay volume two -rrb- contemporary romance east of the sun the minstrel series sun & moon flesh & bone heart & soul peace & goodwill -lrb- a christmas novella -rrb- romantic suspense -lrb- mystery/sci-fi -rrb- a nursery rhyme suspense run run run -lrb- gingerbread man -- episode 1 -rrb- gingerbread man life is but a dream lee strauss is the author of the perception series -lrb- young adult dystopian -rrb- , the minstrel series -lrb- contemporary romance -rrb- , and young adult historical fiction -lrb- and is currently working on a new romantic suspense series -rrb- . 
 she is the married mother of four grown children , three boys and a girl , and divides her time between british columbia , canada and dresden , germany . 
 when she 's not writing or reading she likes to cycle , hike and do yoga . 
 she enjoys traveling -lrb- but not jet lag :0 -rrb- , soy lattes , red wine and dark chocolate . 
 lee also writes younger ya fantasy as elle strauss . 
 for more info on books by lee strauss and her social media links visit leestraussbooks.com . 
 to make sure you do n't miss the next new release , be sure to sign up for her newsletter ! 
 as fast as you can -lrb- gingerbread man episode 2 -rrb- by lee strauss chapter 1 marlow `` ahhhhhhhh ! '' 
 tremors of electric shock shuddered through my body , a new pulse with every erratic beat of my heart igniting the system of nerves from the top of my head to my toes , each ending with sharp , fiery explosions . 
 i could n't stop yelling . 
 `` ahhhhhhhh ! '' 
 `` are you okay , man ? '' 
 my eyes snapped open at the sound of a male voice . 
 his face was a blur before me , the edges of my vision a creamy white . 
 `` i think i 'm going to be sick . '' 
 the guy pointed me toward a bright green bush , so green it looked emerald , like an over-exposed postcard . 
 i emptied the contents of my stomach . 
 `` pretty early in the day for drinking , huh ? '' 
 i looked at the guy again and his face came into focus . 
 narrow jaw , long nose , squinty eyes . 
 i wiped my mouth with the back of my hand . 
 `` i 'm not drunk . 
 i might 've been struck by lightning . '' 
 he chortled . 
 `` dude , it 's not even raining . '' 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` maybe you should see a doctor . '' 
 `` yeah , maybe . '' 
 i glanced to the ground , feeling embarrassed . 
 `` thanks for your help . '' 
 he left me standing there soaked in my own sweat and i inhaled in short , dry breaths as i took in my surroundings . 
 i stood in front of my dorm building , three floors of red brick with white window trimming . 
 when i last saw it , cold rain drenched my skin and fogged up my glasses . 
 now there was n't a drop in the sky . 
 i squinted and cupped my eyes as i tilted my head back and looked up . 
 the sky was a weird color , more green than blue , like i was viewing the world through tinted sunglasses . 
 my hand went to my nose . 
 i removed my glasses and examined them to confirm they were in fact my prescription lenses and not sunglasses . 
 was this the place ? 
 a parallel universe where teagan lake was still alive ? 
 or was i having some kind of nervous breakdown ? 
 maybe i was in a coma and this was a lucid dream . 
 i could 've caught a deadly bug like sars or ebola , or maybe i had been hit by a bus . 
 i could be having an out-of-body experience . 
 if that were the case , should n't i being looking down at my body covered in a cotton sheet lying in a sterile room ? 
 should n't there be a bright light beckoning me ? 
 or maybe this was real . 
 maybe i 'd really made the jump from one reality to another . 
 i had no idea how it happened , but if it did , there had to be a cosmic reason , and i believed that reason was to save teagan . 
 but how ? 
 in the last `` normal '' memory i had , i was standing in the rain with dark brooding clouds rolling overhead and the air charged with electricity . 
 my laptop was open in my hands and i remember thinking i was an idiot for letting it get wet . 
 i stared at my bare hands . 
 where was my laptop ? 
 i scanned the area around where i had stood screaming like a wild man . 
 the space was open with trimmed lawns and large coniferous trees . 
 a neater , cleaner version of my own campus . 
 golden leaves floated down and scurried along the edge of the sidewalk stirred by a cool breeze . 
 i wrapped my bare arms across my chest , my sweaty , damp skin now cooled to goose bumps , and noted that i was wearing pajama pants and an old t-shirt . 
 great . 
 unable to accept the loss of my main tool for doing anything , i scouted around the building and behind the bushes , hoping i 'd just tossed my computer when i `` landed '' without damaging it too much . 
 i was concealed behind a hedge when i heard zed 's voice . 
 i felt like jumping out and hugging him , but then i heard another voice . 
 my voice . 
 i ducked lower , peeking through the bush . 
 my jaw slacked as i watched zed and a preppy version of me , without frameless specs perched on his nose , walk past and up the steps into my dorm . 
 my knees buckled , and i collapsed onto the damp ground not caring that my butt was getting wet . 
 i cupped my hands over my mouth and breathed in and out -- short , steady breaths . 
 i was definitely here . 
 but what was i supposed to do now ? 
 i could n't go into my dorm . 
 i had to stay away from this zed and anyone else who might know the other me . 
 there was only one place i could think of to go . 
 i wiped the cool earth off my rear end and jogged away . 
 as fast as you can -- episode 2 available now for preorder ! 
 acknowledgements a big shout out to the fans of the perception series ! 
 your enthusiasm encouraged me to keep writing in the science fiction/dystopian/romance genre . 
 i hope you enjoy this new serial , a nursery suspense . 
 i have to thank my husband norm strauss who helped me develop the initial idea as we walked the streets of london while there doing research for another book . 
 also to my son and daughter jordan strauss and tasia strauss along with diana balcaen , who helped me brainstorm plot . 
 thanks so much to my beta readers , a. m. offenwanger , wendy squire , denise jaden and melinda van patter who always get the worse drafts , and to my faithful reviewers , especially mandy anderson of i read indie . 
 also to steven novak for another great set of covers and to marie jaskulka for editing . 
 as always , i am grateful to my friends and family for their love and support and to god who keeps me balanced and sane through all the craziness that is independent publishing . 
