 the hanover square affair by ashley gardner book 1 of the captain lacey regency mysteries the hanover square affair copyright 2003 , 2011 by jennifer ashley -lrb- ashley gardner -rrb- all rights reserved . 
 excerpt of a regimental murder copyright 2004 and 2011 by jennifer ashley / ashley gardner cover design by kim killion www.gardnermysteries.com smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author . 
 this book is a work of fiction . 
 the names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the writer 's imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real . 
 any resemblance to persons , living or dead , actual events , locales or organizations is entirely coincidental . 
 * * * * * chapter one london , april 1816 sharp as a whip-crack , a shot echoed through the mists in hanover square . 
 the mob in the square boiled apart , flinging sticks and pieces of brick as they fled the line of cavalrymen who 'd entered the far side of the square . 
 i hugged a rain-soaked wall as people poured past me , bumping and shoving in their panic as though i were n't six feet tall and plenty solid . 
 the square and the streets that led to it had been bottled with traffic all afternoon : carts , carriages , horses , wagons , and those on foot who 'd been running errands or passing through , as well as street vendors crying their wares . 
 the mob had stopped traffic in all directions , trapping inside the square those now desperate to get out . 
 they scrambled to get away from the cavalry and their deadly guns , and bystanders scrambled to flee the mob . 
 i scraped my way along the wall , rough stone tearing my cheap gloves , going against the stream of bodies that tried to carry me along . 
 inside the square , in the eye of the storm , the cavalrymen waited , the blues and reds and canary yellows of their uniforms stark against the fog . 
 the man who stood in their gun sights had led the mob the better part of the afternoon : shouting , cursing , flinging stones and pieces of brick at the unfortunate house that was number 22 , hanover square . 
 now he faced the cavalrymen , his back straight , his gray hair dark with rain . 
 i recognized the lieutenant in charge , lord arthur gale of the twenty-fourth light dragoons . 
 a few years before , on a portuguese battlefield , i 'd dragged young gale out from under a dead horse and sent him on his way . 
 that incident , however , had not formed any camaraderie between us . 
 gale was the son of a marquis and already a social success , and i , the only son of an impoverished gentleman , mattered little to the gale family . 
 i did not trust gale 's judgment one whit . 
 he had once led a charge so hard that he 'd broken through a solid line of french infantry but then found himself and his men behind enemy lines and too winded to get back . 
 gale had been one of the few who 'd returned from that charge , leaving most of the others , horses and men alike , dead . 
 `` gentlemen , '' the old man said to the cavalrymen . 
 `` i thank you for coming . 
 we must have him out . 
 he must pay for what he 's done . '' 
 he pointed at the house -- number 22 , ground-floor windows smashed , front door 's black paint gouged . 
 gale sneered down at him . 
 `` get along , man , or we 'll take you to a magistrate . '' 
 `` not i , gentlemen . 
 he should face justice . 
 take him from his house . 
 bring him out to me . 
 i beg of you . '' 
 i studied the house in some surprise . 
 any man who could afford to own , or lease , a house in hanover square must be wealthy and powerful . 
 i assumed he was some peer in the house of lords , or at least a rich mp , who had proposed some unpopular bill or movement , inspiring a riot against him . 
 the rising price of bread , as well as the horde of soldiers pouring back into england after waterloo , had created a smoldering rage in those who suddenly found themselves with nothing . 
 the anger flared every now and then into a riot . 
 it was not difficult these days to turn a crowd into a violent mob in the space of an instant . 
 i had no idea who lived in number 22 or what were his political leanings . 
 i had simply been trying to pass through hanover square on my way to brook street , deeper into mayfair . 
 but the elderly man 's quiet despair and incongruous air of respectability drew me to him . 
 i always , louisa brandon had once told me , had a soft spot for the desperate . 
 gale 's eyes were dark and hard . 
 `` if you do not move along , i will have to arrest you for breach of the king 's peace . '' 
 `` breach of the king 's peace ? '' 
 the man shouted . 
 `` when a man sins against another , is that not a breach of the king 's peace ? 
 shall we let them take our daughters while we weep ? 
 shall i let him sit in his fine house while mine is ruined with grief ? '' 
 gale made a sharp gesture to the cavalryman next to him . 
 the man obediently dismounted and strode toward the gray-haired rioter . 
 the older man watched him come with more astonishment than fear . 
 `` is it justice that i pay for his sins ? '' 
 `` i advise you to go home , sir , '' gale repeated . 
 `` no , i tell you , you must have him out ! 
 he must face you and confess what he 's done . '' 
 his desperation reached me as white mists moved to swallow the scene . 
 the blue and red of the cavalry uniforms , the black of the man 's suit , the bays and browns of the horses began to dull against the smudge of white . 
 `` what has he done ? '' 
 i asked . 
 the man swung around . 
 strands of hair matted to his face , and thin lines of dried blood caked his skin as though he 'd scratched himself in his fury . 
 `` you would listen to me ? 
 you would help me ? '' 
 `` get out of it , captain , '' gale said , his mouth a grim line . 
 i regretted speaking , unsure i wanted to engage myself in what might be a political affair , but the man 's anger and despair seemed more than mob fury over the price of food . 
 gale would no doubt arrest him and drag him off to wait in a cold cell for the magistrate 's pleasure . 
 perhaps one person should hear him speak . 
 `` what has the man in number 22 done to you ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 the old man took a step toward me , eyes burning . 
 `` he has sinned . 
 he has stolen from me the most precious thing i own . 
 he has killed me ! '' 
 i watched madness well up in his eyes . 
 with a fierce cry , he turned and launched himself at the door of number 22 . 
 * * * * * chapter two i 'd heard such a cry of despair once before , in portugal during the peninsular campaign , when a corporal had watched his best friend -- some said his lover -- be gunned down by a french soldier . 
 he 'd hurled himself , with that same cry , at the frenchman , and had fallen onto his friend 's body with the frenchman 's bayonet piercing him . 
 i 'd shot the frenchman who 'd killed them both . 
 the battlefield receded and hanover square came back into focus . 
 the young cavalryman next to me stepped back , brought up his pistol , and fired it straight into the gray-haired man 's back . 
 the man jerked as the ball penetrated him , and blood blackened his coat . 
 with another cry of anger and misery , he fell slowly to his knees . 
 i caught him as he collapsed . 
 blood coated his rain-soaked worsted suit , and his eyes were wide , bewildered . 
 i lowered him gently to the cobbles then glared up at the cavalryman . 
 `` what the devil did you do that for ? '' 
 the officer was young . 
 his face was round and babyish , his eyes as gray as the clouded sky . 
 his insignia told me he held the rank of cornet , the cavalry 's version of ensign , and his eyes told me he 'd never seen battle , or a french soldier , or death . 
 his fine nose pinched . 
 `` he is a madman . 
 railing at his betters . '' 
 the old man still breathed . 
 the stones beneath him were slick with that afternoon 's rain and filthy with mud and horse droppings , ground in by the wheels of carts and carriages . 
 i pulled my coat from my shoulders , wadded it , and slid it under the man 's head . 
 his coat , now ruined , had been well made , if it was a bit out of date , and a tear on his sleeve had been carefully mended . 
 beneath blood and mud , his gloves were whole and finer than mine . 
 the dark gold rim of a watch peeped from his waistcoat pocket . 
 `` he 's not working class , '' i said . 
 `` a clerk or a cit , possibly a solicitor 's or banker 's assistant . 
 a man used to soft work . '' 
 leather creaked as gale dismounted . 
 he moved to stand next to his cornet , and studied me in dislike . 
 `` weddington , this is captain lacey . 
 of the thirty-fifth light . 
 self-appointed expert on all mankind . '' 
 `` indeed , sir ? '' 
 `` indeed . 
 he is ever fascinated by who a man is and why he does what he does . '' 
 i ignored him . 
 gale had never forgiven me , a mere nobody , for saving his life . 
 `` who lives here ? '' 
 i asked , gesturing at number 22 . 
 the house was no different from the others in the square -- fine , modern , elegant , large . 
 two large multipaned windows , now broken , sat to the right of the door , and two more rows of windows marched across the first and top stories . 
 doric columns flanked the door , and arches above the windows relieved the plain facade . 
 the number `` 22 '' hung on one of the columns . 
 the door , painted black , sported a shining brass knocker , an indication that the family within was in residence . 
 if they 'd chosen to spend this spring elsewhere , the door would have been bare . 
 a curtain moved in the upper floor of the house next door , but number 22 's windows remained tightly muffled . 
 `` damned if i know , '' gale growled . 
 `` my commander told me he 'd had a personal complaint about a disturbance in hanover square , and would i see to it ? 
 ` yes , sir ' was all i thought to say . 
 i obey orders . '' 
 i hid my wince by straightening the dying man 's coat , but old pain rose , fast and bitter . 
 i wondered briefly if gale were taunting me , but dismissed it . 
 he could not know . 
 we 'd said nothing . 
 that had been the agreement . 
 the gray-haired man began to shiver , and his eyes shifted back and forth beneath his waxen eyelids . 
 `` he 'll die if we do not help him , '' i said . 
 `` he 'll die in newgate then , '' gale offered . 
 i looked at number 22 . 
 `` we can take him in there . '' 
 `` to the house he 's been chucking bricks at ? 
 find a cart and drag him out of here if you must . '' 
 my white-hot temper began to rise , and i briefly regretted not shoving lieutenant lord arthur gale back under that horse in portugal . 
 the dying man meant less to these fine gentlemen of the twenty-fourth than a trampled insect . 
 i got to my feet . 
 i would take the man home . 
 as an officer on half-pay , with no private income , i struggled to make ends meet , and this perhaps gave me more affinity with my poorer neighbors . 
 let gale return home to receive his evening port on a silver tray . 
 this man had no one to help him . 
 another cry filled the air as a woman pushed through the edges of the now curious crowd and stumbled toward us . 
 she was elderly too , with long gray hair escaping from her cap , her eyes as wide and wild as the dying man 's . 
 `` charles , '' she cried . 
 `` husband . '' 
 her basket fell from her arm , and fruit and paper parcels skittered across the wet cobbles . 
 the cornet started for her . 
 i put a heavy hand on his arm , and he swung around , eyes lit with anger . 
 `` let it go , '' gale ordered . 
 `` mount up . '' 
 the cornet and i shared another glance of hostility before i finally released him . 
 he turned from me , rubbing his wrist . 
 he caught his horse and climbed into the saddle , his movements angry . 
 at a signal from gale , the cavalrymen wheeled as one and trotted out of the square , leaving me alone with the dying man and his wife . 
 *** *** *** i persuaded a good-natured drover to take them home . 
 he did n't want to , having a load to meet near hampstead , but i promised him a crown for his trouble . 
 we made our unknown gentleman as comfortable as possible in the bed of the wagon , and his wife crawled in beside him . 
 she neither looked at us nor thanked us , but merely crouched beside her husband , holding his hand as if she could pour her own life into his waning body . 
 i had a devil of a time getting a direction from her , but finally she mumbled the name of a lane , which the drover recognized as one near the strand . 
 i gathered up her basket . 
 the fruit in it was rotten , as if she 'd carried it with her for days . 
 i threw away the fruit and unwrapped the parcels . 
 each contained lace , a fine skein of it , each identical to the others . 
 i put them back into the basket and tucked it beside her . 
 she scarce seemed to notice . 
 i accompanied them . 
 my purpose in mayfair that afternoon had been an appointment with the wife of my former commander , at their brook street house , but i was just as happy to climb into the cart and let it take me in the opposite direction . 
 louisa would be annoyed when i sent my regrets , but i welcomed the chance to avoid the meeting . 
 i had a feeling i knew what she wanted to speak to me about , and i wanted nothing to do with it . 
 also , her husband might be home , the man who had once been my mentor and closer to me than a brother . 
 that same man had ended my career and very nearly my life . 
 the drover made his slow way through the traffic , still bottled , to swallow street , a narrow artery south . 
 plans were underway to widen this street into an elegant thoroughfare so that the prince regent would be able to travel a more or less direct route from a park that would be built north of oxford street to his opulent carleton house just below pall mall . 
 there the prince , who 'd been regent for five years now , dwelled in splendor , while his father , king george , slowly lived through his madness in his padded rooms in windsor . 
 the rest of us used swallow street simply to leave graceful mayfair for the darker regions of london . 
 the fog lowered . 
 by the time we reached haymarket , the rain had ceased , but the blanket of mist enveloped us . 
 i held the man steadily against the bumps of the cobbles and the sway of the wagon . 
 his wife sat , staring at nothing . 
 farther south , in charing cross , a street puppet theater had attracted a fair number of watchers , who , despite the darkening , chill weather , cheered or booed with enthusiasm . 
 the drover turned his cart into a small lane that opened from the strand . 
 the lane was narrow and dark , rather like the one in which i had lodgings , but the tall houses crowded here were painfully neat and respectable . 
 the drover found the house and stopped his wagon before it . 
 i had to pry the woman 's hand from her husband 's and lift her to the pavement . 
 the drover watched me , pity in his eyes . 
 `` poor sods . 
 ` ow 'd they get all the way to ` anover square ? '' 
 the same question had occurred to me . 
 the door of the house burst open , and a thin woman in maid 's garb dashed out . 
 `` madam ? 
 what has happened ? '' 
 `` help me with her , '' i said . 
 the maid 's eyes flicked from the woman to the old man in the cart , and her already white face paled . 
 `` god above . 
 where did you find them ? '' 
 `` hanover square , '' i said . 
 the dismay in her eyes told me that my words did not surprise her , that she 'd been expecting something like this . 
 the gray-haired woman turned instantly from me and flung her arms about the maid 's waist , as though sensing she 'd found someone stronger to pass her burden to . 
 `` did mr. horne shoot him ? '' 
 the maid asked . 
 the question surprised me , but the drover interrupted before i could ask what she meant . 
 `` what about ` im , guv ? '' 
 the drover jerked his thumb at the wagon . 
 the maid turned away without waiting for me to answer and led the clinging old woman into the house . 
 `` can you lift him ? '' 
 i asked the drover . 
 `` aye , i 've carried ` eavier loads than ` im , man and boy . '' 
 the house opened right onto the street . 
 i followed the drover , who carried the old man , through the open door into the dim hall of a small , but respectable house . 
 the faded wallpaper was clean and uncreased , and competent , if unimaginative , landscape paintings dotted it . 
 at the end of the narrow hall , a staircase rose to the upper floors . 
 the banisters were free of dust , the runner straight and clean . 
 the sconces on the landing held unlit candles , half-burned . 
 the maid reappeared as we stepped onto the first floor , and led us to a small front bedroom . 
 the drover deposited his burden on the bed there and returned to me in the hall . '' 
 ` e 's not long for this world , poor sod , '' he said . 
 `` now , then , guv , i 'm off to ` ampstead . '' 
 he did n't exactly hold out his hand , but i took a crown from my pocket and dropped it into his calloused palm . 
 i could ill spare it , but he had gone out of his way when he had no reason to . 
 the drover touched his forelock and departed , finished with the business . 
 i returned to the small , neat bedroom . 
 the old man , barely alive , lay face up on the bed . 
 the maid , her hands visibly shaking , was peeling his ruined waistcoat from him . 
 the ball had torn a heavy gash through his middle . 
 bone , white and obscene , poked through the hole , and his chest rose and fell with his shallow , rasping breaths . 
 but i knew enough about gunshot wounds to know that this one was clean . 
 the bullet had passed clear through him . 
 `` he needs a surgeon , '' i said . 
 the maid answered without looking up . 
 `` we ca n't afford the likes of that . '' 
 i removed my coat . 
 `` get a basin of water and plenty of cloths . 
 are you willing to help ? '' 
 `` help what , sir ? '' 
 `` patch him up if nothing else . 
 that 's all a surgeon could do . 
 he may live if the wound does n't sicken . '' 
 she stared at me . 
 `` are you a doctor ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 've bandaged plenty of wounds . 
 including my own . '' 
 the maid was brave . 
 she brought the basin and a pile of towels and stayed for the whole messy business . 
 alice , she said her name was , and she 'd been doing for the master and mistress -- mr. and mrs. thornton -- for twenty years . 
 she steadied the basin and handed me towels and held mr. thornton to the bed when i came to the tricky business of cleaning the wound . 
 in the heat of spain and portugal , during the war against napoleon bonaparte , which had ended only the year before , surgeons had used water to clean wounds when they could no longer obtain healing concoctions . 
 they continued to use water when they discovered that wounds cleansed with it tended to heal more swiftly than those smeared with ointment . 
 i put that theory to the test now , sensing that these people could not afford ointment from an apothecary in any case . 
 i wrapped his torso in bandages , and alice bathed him . 
 the room had gone dark , and i lit a lone candle . 
 mr. thornton had fallen into a stupor and lay still , but his breathing continued -- smooth , clean breathing , with no bubbles of blood . 
 `` do you have laudanum ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` a little . 
 i 've given the mistress a few drops . '' 
 `` give him some when he wakes . 
 he should stay utterly still for some days . '' 
 `` i 'll look after him , sir . 
 i always do . '' 
 i wiped my hands and lowered myself to a hard chair , sighing in relief as i removed the weight from my injured leg . 
 `` who is mr. horne ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alice spun around , cloths dripping watery crimson onto the bed cover . 
 `` i beg your pardon , sir ? '' 
 `` the first thing you asked when you saw your master was whether mr. horne had shot him . 
 does he live in number 22 , hanover square ? '' 
 she swallowed and looked away , and i thought she was not going to answer me . 
 finally she lifted her head and met my gaze , her intelligent eyes keen and clear . 
 `` he has committed an unspeakable crime , sir , '' she said . 
 `` a horrible thing , worse than murder . 
 and i 'd give anything , anything in the world , to watch him swing for it . '' 
 * * * * * chapter three at eight that evening , i reached hanover square again and made for number 22 . 
 i 'd retraced my route via a hired hackney from the strand , and as i 'd neared the elite environs of mayfair , carriages , horses , and dwellings had become more and more elegant . 
 sturdy cart horses gave way to elegant , well-matched , fine-blooded teams pulling closed carriages painted anything from modest dark brown to bright yellow . 
 a gentleman passed in his cabriolet , his white-swathed neck stiff with pride at his two-wheeled rig and the high-stepping horse pulling it . 
 a small boy in livery , known as a tiger , clung to the perch in the back . 
 i 'd sent a message to louisa brandon earlier , giving her my apologies for missing my appointment that afternoon . 
 she 'd demand an explanation when i saw her again , and i 'd give her one in due time . 
 someone had nailed boards over the ground floor windows of number 22 , and the door still sported scars from rocks the mob had flung . 
 otherwise , the house was still , as calm as if the rioting had never taken place . 
 the railings flanking the stairs to the kitchens remained whole and upright , the columns to either side of the front door were unblemished . 
 the cobbles onto which mr. thornton had fallen had been trampled by horses and carriages and foot traffic , his blood already erased . 
 despite the afternoon 's excitement , number 22 was an ordinary house , no different from its neighbors to either side . 
 but i had come to pry out its secrets . 
 i stepped up to the scarred door and plied the knocker . 
 in a few moments , an elderly retainer with a hook nose opened the door and peered out . 
 `` i would like to see mr. horne , if he 's in , '' i said . 
 the door closed to a sliver . 
 `` we are much indisposed at present , sir . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i saw what happened to your windows . '' 
 i thrust my card through the crack . 
 `` give him this . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 the retainer lifted the card to his rheumy eyes , studied it carefully , and opened the door a little wider . 
 `` i will inquire , sir . 
 please follow me . '' 
 he let me inside , ushered me to a high-ceilinged reception room at the back of the house , and left me there . 
 i looked about after he 'd departed and decided it a pity that the windows had n't been smashed in this room as well -- it would have made an improvement . 
 the chamber was decorated in garish crimson , gold , and green in the faux egyptian style , with divans , chairs , and ottomans upholstered with cheap fabric meant to look like brocade . 
 the gilded frieze that marched around the top of the walls had been sloppily done , and depicted nude egyptian maidens adoring fortunate , and well-endowed , egyptian males . 
 under these scenes of debauchery hung incongruous landscapes painted by someone attempting -- and failing -- to imitate turner . 
 i paced beneath these bad paintings trying to decide what i would say to horne if he agreed to see me . 
 he did n't know me , i had no appointment , and we 'd never been introduced . 
 he could very well have the butler toss me out again , and my errand would be for naught . 
 but i 'd been driven here as sure as january wind drives the snow , because the maid alice had told me about jane thornton . 
 jane was the thorntons ' daughter , an ordinary girl of seventeen : pretty , quiet-spoken , dreaming of a husband and family of her own . 
 sometimes jane would visit a young lady in mayfair , daughter of a family called carstairs . 
 the young lady would frequently send her father 's carriage for her poorer friend so that the two could enjoy a visit or an outing . 
 one day jane and her maid , aimee , had set off to meet the young lady for an afternoon of shopping . 
 they 'd never arrived . 
 when the carriage reached the young lady 's home , jane and her maid had not been in it . 
 the coachman had professed shock and astonishment and appeared as baffled as anyone else . 
 traffic in london streets often slowed to a crawl or halted completely ; the two girls could have descended at any time without the coachman 's knowledge . 
 but for what reason ? 
 it made no sense for a girl to leap from a carriage into the perilous streets of london instead of allowing herself to be safely taken to the home of her friend . 
 a search was made , but jane and aimee had never been found . 
 and then , weeks later , alice had been walking with mr. thornton along the strand , nearing st. martin in the fields church . 
 a carriage had passed them , and its window had framed the face of jane thornton . 
 she had not called out , she had not waved , she 'd only gazed at them sadly before another hand had pulled the curtain closed , hiding her from view . 
 alice and mr. thornton had pursued the carriage , with difficulty , all the way to hanover square , where it had stopped before number 22 . 
 but when mr. thornton had thumped on the door and demanded admittance , the household had denied that jane was there . 
 mr. horne , the widower who occupied the house , even offered to let thornton search the house for his daughter . 
 mr. thornton had looked , but jane was not to be found . 
 he 'd grown confused , his grief overcoming him , and alice had taken him home . 
 alice still believed jane was at number 22 . 
 this morning , mr. thornton had persuaded alice that he would take mrs. thornton shopping . 
 mrs. thornton had convinced herself that jane was away buying clothes , and she took refuge in shopping for her return . 
 mr. thornton must have left her in oxford street and made his way to hanover square . 
 he 'd returned there a few times before , the watch dragging him home again . 
 he 'd promised alice after the last incident that he would not go again . 
 and so , here i was . 
 the story had awakened in me a dangerous anger , one that had led me to trouble countless times in my past . 
 i had served as a light dragoon for the entire peninsular campaign , from the time we 'd landed in portugal in 1808 to france 's retreat in 1814 . 
 i 'd felt no anger against the french in general ; they were soldiers performing their duties , much as i was . 
 their infantry did their best to shoot me , their artillery did their best to destroy my men , and their cavalry charged us , sabers drawn , but that was all part of the great game of war . 
 no , what commonly enraged me beyond reason were the things others might consider small : the subaltern who 'd beaten a prostitute nearly to death ; my own soldiers committing horrific acts after the siege of ciudad rodrigo ; and a toad-like colonel who 'd made improper and unwelcome advances to louisa brandon , my commander 's wife . 
 i 'd relieved my temper in the first two incidents by ordering floggings , the last , by calling out the colonel in question . 
 dueling had been punishable by death in the army , but i 'd cheerfully risked my career and my very life meeting the colonel at dawn in the company of my seconds . 
 the duel was never completed , because the colonel had turned coward and begged pardon at the last minute . 
 louisa had been furious with me . 
 brandon , who 'd been absent at the time , had scolded me for my impetuousness , all the while giving me looks of mixed envy and admiration . 
 i had n't known then about the anger smoldering deep within him . 
 the fact that i , rather than he , had defended the honor of his wife had grated on him for a very long time . 
 it still did . 
 the sitting room door opened and a maid rustled in . 
 she stopped short and stared at me . 
 wisps of mouse brown hair stuck out from under her mobcap , and her eyes were small and dark . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 i found her rudeness irritating , but perhaps mr. horne had sent her down to query me , since i 'd arrived without invitation , a similar act of rudeness . 
 `` captain gabriel lacey , '' i said . 
 `` here to see mr. horne . '' 
 she moved close to me . 
 `` you 've come from mr. denis , then ? '' 
 before i could decide how to answer this , she stood on tiptoe and put her lips to my ear . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 safer this way , ai n't it ? 
 i know all about it . 
 but i do n't say nothing . '' 
 her breath smelled of onions . 
 she took a step back and looked at me expectantly . 
 questions welled up inside me , beginning with who the devil was mr. denis , but the old retainer returned before i could speak . 
 `` grace , '' he snapped . 
 `` get off to the kitchens , girl . '' 
 grace flashed a look at me then scurried from the room . 
 the butler became correct again . 
 `` i beg your pardon , sir . 
 mr. horne has said he will speak with you . 
 please follow me . '' 
 i thanked him and obeyed , slightly surprised that mr. horne had agreed to see me at all . 
 when we emerged into the hall , grace had disappeared . 
 the retainer led me to the back of the house and up stairs that folded alongside the reception room . 
 more dreary paintings adorned the garish wallpaper . 
 i tried not to look at them as the butler led me to the first floor and down a short passage . 
 he opened a door into a study . 
 the yellow carpet was the only cheerful note in this room ; the furniture seemed haphazardly arranged , and was mismatched . 
 a mahogany kneehole desk stood near a window , and a chaise longue had been placed before the fireplace . 
 a wardrobe stood , incongruous and alone , against a wall , and a satinwood table with tapered legs reposed near the door . 
 the wallpaper bore only one painting , this one of yet another wretched landscape . 
 mr. horne rose from behind the desk and came to me with hand extended . 
 he was about six inches shorter than i was and possibly a decade past my own age . 
 gray streaked his black hair and lines creased the corners of his eyes . 
 his nose was small and sharp , his mouth wide like a woman 's . 
 whatever muscle he 'd ever possessed had gone to fat , though he was soft and fleshy rather than stout . 
 he had a double chin just hidden by the stock that covered his neck . 
 he shook my hand , his palm slightly moist . 
 `` how do you do , captain ? 
 i have heard of you . 
 you are a friend of mr. grenville 's . '' 
 he spoke the name with relish , and i realized now why he 'd admitted me . 
 society had discovered this spring that lucius grenville had befriended me . 
 grenville was their darling . 
 the man had traveled the world , he was the confidant of royalty , and he possessed exquisite taste in art , wine , food , horses , architecture , and women . 
 he was much imitated ; his acquaintance , much sought . 
 a hostess had only to say `` i 've got grenville , '' and her gathering was certain to be a success . 
 why grenville had decided to take up my acquaintance , i did not yet understand . 
 he was not much younger than i , but he exhibited an exuberance for life that twenty years of campaigning had drained from me . 
 because of him , i now received invitations to sought-after gatherings and had been placed on the guest lists of prominent hostesses . 
 i knew the beau monde wanted only to assess me and wonder why grenville had decided to so honor me , but i sometimes enjoyed the outings even so . 
 `` i have his acquaintance , yes , '' i answered neutrally . 
 `` it must be all to your advantage , i imagine . '' 
 i did not like horne 's wispy voice , his taste in art , and his implication , but i said , `` indeed . '' 
 his eyes almost twinkled . 
 `` well , what can i do for you , sir , that your connection with mr. grenville can not ? '' 
 i thought about the maid i 'd met downstairs . 
 `` mr. denis , '' i hazarded . 
 he stopped twinkling . 
 he hesitated a long time , as if deciding whether to admit recognizing the name , then he nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 of course . 
 i understand completely . 
 let us sit and discuss it . '' 
 he led me to the two chairs near the fireplace . 
 he rang for the butler , who eventually wandered in with a bowl of punch -- warmed port , sugar , water , and lemon -- filled glasses for us both , then departed . 
 i sipped from my glass and tried not to make a face . 
 i did n't like the sweet addition , and the sugar could n't hide the fact that the port was cheap . 
 i reasoned that horne must have money , because only a man of wealth could afford to reside in a house in hanover square , but whatever he spent his money on , it was not drink or art or interior decoration . 
 `` so you are interested in mr. denis , '' he said once we 'd made the obligatory remarks about the weather , the state of london streets , and princess charlotte 's upcoming wedding to leopold of saxe-coburg-saalfeld . 
 `` why did you think to come to me ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i took a chance . '' 
 he chuckled , his chins bouncing against his neckpiece . 
 `` well , well . 
 excellent for you that you did . 
 if you were not vouched for by grenville , you know , i would not speak of it . 
 but grenville knows all about it , does n't he ? 
 he is , as are you and i , a connoisseur . '' 
 i hid my distaste , amazed that this man put himself in the same sphere as the refined grenville . 
 `` what is your interest , eh , lacey ? 
 wine ? 
 artwork ? 
 or something , shall we say , softer ? '' 
 i swallowed bile . 
 if jane thornton had spent five minutes with this man , i would throttle him . 
 i took another sip of the disgusting punch . 
 `` young women , you mean ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` devil a bit , but you 're blunt , captain . 
 i suppose it is the army in you . 
 do not be blunt with denis . 
 he will throw you out on your ear . '' 
 i waited , letting him watch me . 
 `` but he can help me ? '' 
 `` oh , i believe he can . 
 i believe he can . '' 
 so who was this denis , i wondered . 
 a procurer ? 
 was he responsible for abducting jane thornton ? 
 any decent gentleman would have shown me the door had i asked the question i did . 
 but horne sat smirking and bridling , and my temper boiled to the breaking point . 
 i toyed with the idea of removing my sword from my walking stick and running him through then and there . 
 perhaps that would erase his smirk . 
 i willed myself to cool . 
 i had no proof that he had jane thornton , not yet . 
 but if i found it , if i found miss thornton in his power , i would break him . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` i will have to write him , make an appointment , convince him to see you . 
 he does not see just anyone , you know . 
 mr. grenville 's name should speed things along . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` do not mention grenville . 
 i do not want to presume . '' 
 i imagined myself having to explain to grenville why i 'd used his name to gain an appointment with a procurer . 
 i had no right to presume upon his patronage , nor did i want to drag him into something without his knowledge . 
 horne looked disappointed . 
 `` very well , but it might take longer . 
 though my vouching for you will help . 
 give me your direction , and i will write to you . '' 
 i told him to send missives to the bakery beneath my rooms in covent garden . 
 it was definitely not a fashionable address , but he did not blink . 
 horne took a sip of punch , which left a red line around his lips . 
 `` you were wise to come to me . 
 if you 'd gone to mr. denis with your blunt ways , you would have come away the loser . 
 he wants a delicate touch , does mr. denis . 
 who directed you to me , anyway ? 
 was it grenville ? '' 
 i looked him in the eye . 
 `` jane thornton , '' i said . 
 the words dropped into the room like bullets into a barrel . 
 horne stared at me blankly . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` you do not know her ? '' 
 `` never heard of her . 
 did she send you to me ? '' 
 i sat back , doubt creeping into my anger . 
 `` there was rioting today in the square . 
 your front windows were broken . '' 
 `` indeed , yes . 
 we were in much confusion here . '' 
 `` the riot was directed at you . '' 
 horne raised his brows . 
 `` do you think so ? 
 nonsense , it could not have been personal . 
 my political opinions are far from radical . 
 no , it was some lunatic escaped from bedlam stirring the crowd . 
 my life , alas , has not been very exciting . '' 
 `` you did not know the gentleman ? '' 
 `` should i have ? 
 what are you on about ? '' 
 he seemed puzzled , in truth . 
 my fury abated enough for me to assess my position . 
 i realized i had only the word of the maid , alice , as to horne 's involvement in jane 's abduction . 
 though horne had already irritated me in every way possible , i knew i must go carefully . 
 a man who lived in hanover square would have the wherewithal to bring suit against me for slander , which could ruin me completely and not help the thorntons one bit . 
 `` i am on about nothing , '' i said . 
 `` merely making conversation . 
 as you observed , i am not skilled at it . '' 
 horne laughed again . 
 `` indeed , you are not . 
 perhaps you should cultivate mr. grenville 's acquaintance more thoroughly , captain . 
 he sets an excellent example in manners . '' 
 *** *** *** i went home by way of another hackney . 
 to a captain on half-pay , the shilling-a-mile fare was dear , but rain had begun to pelt down in earnest again , and i knew i 'd never make it on foot without much pain . 
 the driver dropped me at the top of grimpen lane , a tiny cul-de-sac that opened from russel street near covent garden square and paralleled bow street . 
 my landlady , mrs. beltan , who let rooms in the narrow house to me and another tenant , kept a bake shop on the ground floor . 
 passersby willingly made the trip to the tiny court for her yeasty breads , which went down well with a jar of ale . 
 at this hour , the bake shop was shut , and the windows above it were dark . 
 the second floor was let to an actress , the pretty marianne simmons , who , between roles , sometimes paraded about the covent garden or drury lane theatres , looking for a protector for a fortnight or two . 
 but she was discreet , and i rarely saw the gentlemen who took her up . 
 the house had been grand a century ago , with a high-ceilinged staircase that ascended one side of the house . 
 the staircase walls had been painted with a mural of a lush landscape that rose to a soft sweep of blue overhead . 
 painted clouds and slightly out-of-proportion birds dotted it . 
 years and grime had faded the painting , and only bits of the landscape protruded through the haze , so that candlelight fell on the branch of a tree here , a shepherdess in charming yellow there . 
 tonight , i did not bother to light a candle . 
 i groped my way up in the dark , one hand on the cool wall , the other on my walking stick . 
 i lived on the first floor , one story above the ground floor . 
 the rooms , one in front and one behind , had once been the house 's drawing room and grand bedchamber , and the ceilings were high , a drawback in the cold of winter . 
 plaster arches , once carved to resemble vines twisting around pillars , crumbled a little more each day . 
 bits of plaster were apt to float down and land in my coffee . 
 when i opened the door to the front room , i found a single candle glowing there , and to my surprise , louisa brandon sat in my armchair . 
 * * * * * chapter four we stared at each other for the space of a moment , then i closed the door and stripped off my gloves . 
 `` did you not receive my message ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she rose to her feet in a rustle of silk . 
 `` i did . 
 but i wanted to see you . '' 
 i came to her , and she raised her cheek for a kiss . 
 her light perfume touched me as i pressed my lips to her smooth skin . 
 i wanted to grow angry at her for presuming to seek me out , but i could not . 
 i always felt a lightening of the heart in the presence of louisa brandon , despite what was between her husband and myself , and after the events of this day , my heart needed soothing . 
 i released her hands . 
 she 'd stirred the fire , but it burned feebly , so i knelt and shoveled more precious coal into the grate . 
 `` does your husband know you 're here ? '' 
 i asked as i worked . 
 `` he knows i have gone to the opera . '' 
 i gave the fire a cynical poke . 
 `` in other words , he knows you are here . '' 
 louisa resumed her seat with a graceful sweep of skirt . 
 `` aloysius does not keep me , gabriel . '' 
 i rose from the fireplace and tried to speak lightly . 
 `` i will send for coffee if you want it , but i do not guarantee you will like it . 
 i suspect the landlady at the gull brews it from old boots . '' 
 `` i did not come for coffee , '' she said . 
 `` i came to talk to you . '' 
 i did not answer . 
 i knew why she 'd come . 
 nineteen years before , my mentor and greatest friend , aloysius brandon , then a captain , had introduced me to his bride . 
 she 'd been a fresh-faced girl of twenty-one , with white blond hair and eyes of gray . 
 her hair was still as yellow and her eyes still as clear , but her face bore lines of grief , etched there by the loss of her three children , none of whom had lived past their first year . 
 my own dark hair had threads of gray in it , and my own face held lines of pain . 
 louisa had been there for every single one of them . 
 i rested my arm on the crumbling mantel and let the fire 's warmth ease the ache in my leg . 
 i waited for her to begin , but she only watched me , while rain beat against the windows like grains of sand . 
 `` i have had a trying afternoon , louisa . 
 i know you 've come to reason me into accepting your husband 's apology , but do n't bother . 
 i 'm not yet ready . '' 
 `` he wants to see you . '' 
 `` the hell he does , '' i said . 
 `` he wants everything the way it was before . 
 he 's told me . '' 
 something tightened in my chest . 
 `` well , it can not be . 
 i 've lost my trust in him and he in me . 
 we will never look at each other the same way again . '' 
 `` you agreed to at least make a pretense . '' 
 `` i agreed to too damn many things . 
 look at me , louisa . 
 my career was the only thing in my life i had done right , and now i do not even have that . '' 
 `` he wants to help . '' 
 my jaw hardened . 
 brandon had offered his charity a few times since we 'd returned to london , but the look on his face when he 'd done so had enraged me further . 
 `` i 'll not take help from your husband . '' 
 `` you loved him once , '' louisa said . 
 a piece of coal broke and slithered to the hearth . 
 `` i have changed . 
 and he has done things that are unforgivable . 
 you know that . '' 
 louisa would try , i knew , for the rest of her life to reconcile us . 
 but i had made a devil 's bargain with brandon to keep our mutual shame hidden , to quietly leave the army and say nothing . 
 i 'd taken half-pay so that i could have at least a meager income , but i doubted i 'd ever take up my commission again . 
 with the end of the war and so many officers redundant , few regiments would be interested in a fortyish , wounded captain . 
 and so here i was , washed up on london 's uncaring shores , a commander with no one left to command . 
 `` did you soil your slippers in grimpen lane tonight to tell me this ? '' 
 i asked after a time . 
 `` you ought to have spared yourself the journey . '' 
 she spread her hands but gave me a smile . 
 `` i had to try . 
 and my slippers are in a box in my carriage . '' 
 `` which i did not see outside . 
 i refuse to believe your devoted coachman dropped you at the end of the lane and bolted for brook street . 
 what are you up to ? '' 
 `` if you 'd seen my carriage and known i was here , you might have gone away until i gave up and went home . '' 
 `` i might have , yes . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 `` i ought to have known you would n't come to the house . 
 i have the devil of a time seeing you in private these days . '' 
 `` can you wonder why ? '' 
 `` i know why , gabriel . 
 i just wish you would n't . '' 
 we shared a long look . 
 firelight touched her sleek hair , golden as sunshine . 
 her nose was slightly crooked , a fact i 'd noticed the moment i 'd met her . 
 i relented . 
 `` forgive my temper , louisa . 
 as i said , i had a foul afternoon . '' 
 `` you 've not told me what happened to keep you from our appointment . 
 i assumed you 'd decided not to come . '' 
 i ran my hand though my hair , noting that it was growing long again . 
 i needed to crop it . 
 `` it was too complex to explain in a note , '' i said . 
 `` then explain now , if you please . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i sat on the room 's remaining chair and rested my elbows on my knees . 
 i had thought to spare her the sordid details of thornton 's shooting and horne 's household , but i would welcome louisa 's clarity of reason . 
 so i told her . 
 all of it . 
 i realized , as i related the tale , how little i 'd truly learned from horne . 
 i 'd discovered the existence of mr. denis , a man to whom one went when one wanted artwork or women , but i 'd discovered little else . 
 i could have demanded to search the house , but it had done jane 's father little good . 
 the possibility also existed that alice and mr. thornton had mistaken the house . 
 jane could have gone into number 23 or number 21 , or to a house on a different side of the square altogether . 
 i wanted horne to be guilty , i guessed , because i 'd disliked him . 
 but i had no more proof than thornton had -- only the evidence of an obscene faux-egyptian frieze and a feeling in my bones . 
 louisa 's eyes glinted in outrage . 
 `` lieutenant gale ordered the poor man shot ? '' 
 `` i do n't know if he gave the order . 
 the cornet who did it was young and green , and maybe he simply took it into his head to fire . 
 gale did not even know why he 'd been sent instead of a magistrate . '' 
 i paused in disgust . 
 `` he never questions an opportunity to parade about in his uniform and look important . '' 
 louisa sat forward , her gray eyes alight . 
 `` do you plan to continue looking for the girl ? '' 
 `` i want to find her . 
 you did not see the thorntons , louisa . 
 she was all they had . '' 
 `` how will you search for her ? '' 
 i had debated this while i rode home in the stale-smelling hackney . 
 `` put up notices . 
 go to bow street . 
 pomeroy , one of my sergeants , became a runner . 
 i can pry information from him even if i ca n't afford to hire him . '' 
 `` offer a reward , '' she suggested . 
 i opened my hands . 
 `` i have nothing to offer . 
 but i can question the neighbors and horne 's servants . 
 someone must know something about her . '' 
 louisa moved to the edge of her seat , familiar determination on her face . 
 `` i will supply the reward . 
 we can offer five pounds . 
 that will be enough to bring people out of the woodwork . '' 
 `` a good many people , i 'd imagine . '' 
 `` and give me the thorntons ' direction . 
 i will go to them . 
 i might be able to help them . '' 
 `` they do need it . '' 
 i reached forward and took her cool hand in mine . 
 `` your kindness , louisa , always astonishes me . '' 
 she looked at me in surprise . 
 `` why should it ? 
 being charitable is a duty . 
 you must find that poor girl , gabriel . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` but let it end there . '' 
 `` that means what , exactly ? '' 
 `` you know what it means . 
 i know what you are like . '' 
 i gave her a half-smile . 
 `` what you mean to say is , do n't pursue horne and denis and make them believe in the wrath of god . '' 
 `` yes . 
 leave it be . '' 
 i released her . 
 `` they might be safe from me . 
 they may have had nothing to do with the abduction . 
 i have not yet decided . 
 i saw no sign of a young woman at horne 's today , except for the maid , and i do not think she was jane . 
 she was definitely working class , and decidedly odd . '' 
 louisa watched me . 
 `` if they do have something to do with it , what will you do ? '' 
 `` i have not decided that either . '' 
 `` there is not much you can do , even if they are guilty . '' 
 i grew annoyed . 
 `` why are you adamant about sparing horne ? 
 he is an oily bastard and up to something . 
 the maid hinted as much . '' 
 `` because the last time i saw you go off with this much fervor , that happened . '' 
 she pointed to my left knee . 
 it twinged , reminding me it still ached and would punish me the rest of the night for abusing it . 
 `` the last time , i was a damned fool , and i trusted your husband and his honor . 
 that was my great mistake . 
 i 'll not make the same again . '' 
 her voice softened . 
 `` it has been two years , gabriel . '' 
 i 'd known i could not divert her from her original purpose for long . 
 `` and every day of that two years has reminded me what i gave up . 
 when i agreed to leave the army , i had no idea i would be living this '' -- i gestured to my barren rooms -- `` this half-existence . '' 
 her gray eyes darkened . 
 `` has it been that ? '' 
 `` you know it has . '' 
 `` you have many friends -- you have the acquaintance of mr. grenville . '' 
 `` yes , yes , everyone believes that being smiled upon by mr. grenville is the same thing as being touched by god . '' 
 `` but because of him , you are invited everywhere . '' 
 `` only so that the ton can peer at me and wonder what grenville sees in me . 
 and i never thought you believed that a person 's worth was derived from how many invitations he receives . '' 
 louisa smiled . 
 `` i am trying to point out that you are more than your army career . 
 the war is over anyway . 
 most army men no longer have careers . '' 
 `` many of them had something to return to . 
 i never did . 
 that is why i followed your husband in the first place . '' 
 i clenched my hand . 
 `` i believe i have done enough for the brandon family without you forcing me into a false reconciliation . '' 
 louisa 's eyes were clearest gray , like the sea under clouds . 
 the firelight picked out the flat gold buttons on her spencer , a jacket of almost military rigidity . 
 `` you must have loved him once , '' she said , `` to spare his honor as you did . '' 
 `` i did not do it for his honor , louisa . 
 i did it for yours . '' 
 louisa stared at me in shock . 
 `` you never told me that . '' 
 i pressed my fist tightly against my thigh . 
 `` i would not have . 
 but i want you to understand . 
 when brandon worried so about his honor , he never once spoke of the fact that his disgrace would also be yours . 
 you would suffer as much or more indignity than he , and worse , you 'd be pitied . 
 your own misery never occurred to him , and for that , i will not forgive him . '' 
 she drew a sharp breath , lips parted , and i wished i had not spoken . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was make louisa brandon believe that my current state was her fault . 
 it had been my choice . 
 i could have sunk brandon and taken louisa with me to canada . 
 but she loved the undeserving idiot , and i could n't have borne to hurt her . 
 she rose in agitation and made for the door . 
 i reached it before she did and blocked her exit . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 she would not look at me . 
 `` to the opera , as i said . 
 i am meeting lady aline . '' 
 `` i 'll fetch your carriage and escort you . '' 
 `` you need not come with me . '' 
 i thought of jane thornton , riding alone with her maid , stolen from a mayfair family carriage . 
 `` the devil i 'm letting you run about covent garden alone . 
 i will take you . 
 and if your husband disapproves , he can call me out . '' 
 she looked up at me then , and i saw in her eyes not guilt , but a mixture of pity and anger . 
 i turned from her and strode into the cold staircase hall , slamming the door behind me . 
 the last thing i wanted from louisa brandon was her pity . 
 *** *** *** `` josiah horne , '' milton pomeroy wrote in careful capitals on the back of my card . 
 `` who 's he when he 's at home ? '' 
 `` a gentleman who lives in number 22 , hanover square , '' i answered . 
 `` never heard of him . 
 what 's he done , exactly ? '' 
 pomeroy had a shock of yellow hair , which he slicked back with a cheap pomade that smelled faintly of oil of turpentine . 
 he had a square , sturdy body and clear blue eyes and a voice that could bellow across battlefields . 
 he knew nothing of the circumstances of my departure from the peninsula ; pomeroy himself had followed the thirty-fifth light dragoons to waterloo , then home again , to find himself at a loss for what to do . 
 by accident , he 'd stumbled upon the lair of a thief who had been methodically working his way through london . 
 pomeroy had followed him , catching him in the act . 
 the former sergeant had made the arrest himself , as citizens had the right to do , grabbed him by the neck , and hauled him off to bow street . 
 his persistence had impressed the magistrates , and when an older runner retired , they 'd hired him on . 
 pomeroy was well suited to life in the bow street runners , an elite body of men who investigated crimes , tracked down wanted criminals , or searched for persons gone missing . 
 they were allowed to keep whatever reward was posted for the criminal 's capture and conviction , and pomeroy applied himself with his ruthless sergeant 's efficiency to gain as many rewards as he could . 
 i frequently observed him tramping the streets near covent garden , some unfortunate in his grip , his sergeant 's voice roaring above the crowd : `` now then , lad , you 're for it . 
 show some dignity , son . 
 stand on your feet and face the magistrate like a man . '' 
 constables , who often performed their duties only with reluctance , made arrests or looked into disturbances , but the runners got the glory . 
 if we found jane thornton , pomeroy would land the reward , not me . 
 chasing criminals and searching for lost young women were not considered jobs for a gentleman . 
 pomeroy and i stood together in the dingy hall of the bow street magistrate 's court amid unwashed , half-sober men and women awaiting whatever judgment would be thrust upon them . 
 i 'd walked here after waiting about my rooms all the morning for a reply to a letter i 'd sent to grenville . 
 i wanted to pry from grenville any information about josiah horne , because grenville knew everything about everyone in london . 
 he 'd certainly be familiar with any gossip surrounding a wealthy gentleman like horne . 
 no reply came , to my irritation , so after an early afternoon meal of rolls from mrs. beltan 's shop , i sought out pomeroy instead . 
 my head felt thick . 
 i 'd stayed with louisa in her box at the opera the night before until lady aline carrington had arrived at the interval . 
 that spinster had given me a good-natured grin , and i 'd bowed stiffly and left louisa in her redoubtable care . 
 i 'd gone home and taken three glasses of gin before retiring . 
 despite my headache , the gin had successfully staved off the melancholia i 'd sensed creeping over me . 
 i 'd suffered from the malady since my youth , and sometimes a dark depression would blanket me , depriving me of the strength even to rise from my bed . 
 i 'd learned to prevent the circumstance by immersing myself thoroughly in some interesting situation , but sometimes only gin and a night 's rest would keep the darkness from me . 
 i made myself reflect carefully before answering pomeroy 's question about horne . 
 the former sergeant had the tenacity of a cardsharp , though not the wit . 
 i did not want to set him on horne until i had proof the man had done something . 
 `` there was a riot before his house in hanover square , yesterday , '' i said at last . 
 `` his windows were broken . '' 
 pomeroy peered at me with wary curiosity . 
 `` i heard of the riot . 
 did n't get there meself . '' 
 `` what about the girl , jane thornton ? '' 
 pomeroy gave a firm nod . 
 `` her family reported her missing , that they did . 
 around february , i believe it was . 
 we never found her , and the family could n't offer much reward . 
 nasty business , but it goes on . 
 young ladies snatched off the streets . 
 can only be one trade for them after that , ca n't there , poor beggars ? '' 
 `` she did not turn up as a suicide ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i looked when i got your letter this morning . 
 no jane thorntons fished out of the river as far as i know . '' 
 i wondered how many anonymous girls had been recovered from it . 
 or whether jane was still lying in the thames , her young body being slowly torn apart by tides and fishes . 
 i thanked pomeroy , who agreed to notify me if he discovered anything . 
 i pushed past the defiant or hopeless women and men waiting in the hall , and left the bow street house . 
 i made my way to a printers in the strand off southampton street , and told them to print notices of a five-pound reward for anyone with information regarding a girl called jane thornton , who had disappeared between the strand and hanover square two months before . 
 a notice had long odds of succeeding , but it was one of the few resources i had to hand . 
 louisa had given me money to fund this enterprise . 
 i 'd swallowed my pride and accepted , knowing she 'd offered for the thorntons ' sake , not mine . 
 after i 'd finished this business , i walked westward along the strand to ask questions of the vendors who lingered near the lane i 'd brought thornton home to the day before . 
 most answered me with poor grace because i stood in the way of paying customers , but a few were willing to chat . 
 an orange girl who worked there most days remembered the posh carriage that used to wait at the end of the lane for a young lady , but she could not swear to it standing there a certain day two months ago or to who got into it . 
 common practice was that the coachman would pull up and wait . 
 the young lady would come with her maid , and one of the boys who waited about to sweep the street clean for nobs would assist her into the carriage , and then the carriage would roll on . 
 the coachman never got down , or bought an orange , or had a chat , but the lady was always polite and sometimes bought something from her or the strawberry girl . 
 i gave the young woman a few pennies , and walked home with an orange in my pocket . 
 it was growing dark again when i approached the market at covent garden . 
 the rain had slackened . 
 carts wound through the square , and housewives thronged the stalls , looking for last-minute bargains before the vendors shut down for the evening . 
 strawberry sellers , street performers , beggars , pickpockets , and prostitutes thronged among them . 
 cries of `` sweet strawberries , buy my ripe strawberries '' vied with `` knives to grind , penny a blade . '' 
 a girl sidled up to me and tucked her hand through my arm . 
 `` hallo , captain , '' she said . 
 `` fancy a bit ? '' 
 * * * * * chapter five i looked down . 
 black nancy , so called because of her long , dyed , blue-black hair , sauntered along beside me , grinning at me to display her crooked teeth . 
 a few of her colleagues sashayed just beyond her . 
 nance could not have been much more than sixteen , and my constant rejection of her offers was a great puzzlement to her . 
 she pursued me with a doggedness almost comical , i suppose assuming that one day , she would eventually wear me down . 
 in her world , she was considered to be growing elderly -- in mine , she was still a child . 
 she wore her favorite gown today , a worn russet velvet cut to show off her generous bosom . 
 she 'd topped it with a blue wool jacket at least ten years out of date . 
 she was good-humored , but she hunted her flats -- the gentlemen she lured to her -- with a ruthlessness that made napoleon bonaparte 's campaign to conquer russia look like a frivolous sunday outing . 
 `` i 'm a poor man , nance , '' i began , embarking on the familiar argument . 
 she winked . 
 `` i know . 
 maybe i fancies ya . '' 
 one of the other girls laughed . 
 `` he likes ladies as bathe , nance . 
 you ai n't had a bath in a twelvemonth . '' 
 `` shut your yap , margaret . 
 i seen him first . '' 
 nance tucked her arm more firmly through mine . 
 the other girls grew bored with teasing me and dropped away , turning to likelier marks . 
 nance lingered , strutting along beside me , smiling with her red-painted mouth . 
 `` ai n't seen ya in a few days , captain . 
 you hiding from me ? '' 
 `` i 've been busy . '' 
 i stopped , thinking . 
 every day and well into the night , nance moved all over covent garden , up and down the strand , and everywhere in between . 
 if anyone was likely to observe things there , it was she . 
 `` what 're you thinking , captain ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` your eyes go all dark when you do that . 
 do you really know how handsome you are , or are you just teasing me ? '' 
 i ignored her . 
 `` what would you say to earning a few shillings ? '' 
 her eyes lit , and she melted against me . 
 `` ooo , thought you 'd never ask . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` not for that . 
 i am looking for a coachman . 
 do you speak to the ones who wait at covent garden theatre ? '' 
 she gave me a look of disappointment and pushed herself away . 
 `` sometimes . 
 they share a nip of gin when the weather 's cold . 
 what you want with one of them ? 
 you do n't have a coach . '' 
 `` i am looking for one in particular , a coachman for a family called carstairs . 
 do you know him ? '' 
 carstairs was the name of the family who 'd sent their coach for miss jane thornton and her maid that fateful afternoon , so alice had told me . 
 her look turned sly . 
 `` i could find him for ya . 
 for a price . '' 
 `` i can give you a shilling now , and another when you find him . '' 
 she smoothed the lapel of my coat . 
 `` you keep your money , captain . 
 i 'll find this coachman to a gentry-cove . 
 you pay me then . 
 if i do n't find him , you 're out nothing . '' 
 she slanted me an inquisitive look . 
 `` what you want him for ? '' 
 `` i need to ask him something . 
 you find him and tell him to visit me in my rooms . '' 
 `` now you got me curious . 
 ai n't you going to tell me ? 
 i wo n't peep . '' 
 `` i 'd rather not until i speak with him . '' 
 her fingers drifted down my coat . 
 `` you know how to string a girl along . 
 i 'll find him for you , captain . 
 maybe you can pay me another way . '' 
 she glanced at me from under her lashes . 
 i tried to give her a severe look . 
 `` i am old enough to be your father . '' 
 she cackled , but withdrew her hand . 
 `` you 're older than me dad , but you 're that much prettier . '' 
 `` you are too kind . 
 now i am hungry . 
 let me go and have my dinner . '' 
 she obeyed , uncharacteristically . 
 i felt her small hand on my backside as she departed , and i watched her dart away , her hair swinging in a black wave . 
 as i walked on toward the gull at the end of the square , i surreptitiously checked my pockets to make sure that all my coins were intact . 
 *** *** *** much later that night i was wandering cockspur street near charing cross , on foot , in my regimentals . 
 my coat was a deep blue , with white facings and silver loops and braid . 
 this uniform -- which had cost me almost a year 's pay -- i had kept fine for social occasions , but on the peninsula , i had worn another like it to ruin with sweat and mud and blood . 
 with a carbine on my saddle and a saber at my side , i and the light and heavy dragoons had charged at everything : french cavalry , squares of french infantry we wanted to scatter , and even artillery . 
 we 'd been trained to draw our sabers at the last instant before our lines merged and met -- the sound of ringing steel and the sight of a glittering forest of sabers were meant to strike fear into the enemy . 
 but i never discovered if the enemy even noticed this spectacle because , at that very moment , they had been busy trying to shoot us , bayonet us , or slice us to pieces in return . 
 now i fought a different battle , one for social acceptance and good public opinion . 
 both louisa and the loathsome horne had been right when they 'd told me that recognition by grenville was an advantage to me . 
 those who might not have spoken to me or even noticed the existence of an obscure gentleman from a remote corner of east anglia -- a captain who 'd made no famous name for himself on the peninsula -- now sent me invitations to some of the most sought-after events in the social season . 
 i had been correct too , when i 'd told louisa that they invited me only to speculate why grenville had taken up with me . 
 i 'd met grenville earlier that year , at a new year 's rout at his own house . 
 lady aline carrington , a spinster who loved gossip and mary wollstonecraft 's rights of women , in that order , had persuaded grenville to allow her to bring me along . 
 i had escorted her and mrs. brandon to the rout , and there met the famous mr. grenville . 
 admittedly , i had not thought much of him on first glance , dismissing him as a dandy too full of his own opinion . 
 i believe he sensed that , because he was cool to me , though he did not actually turn me out of his house . 
 things changed when i discovered , quite by accident , that several of the extra staff he , or rather his butler , had hired for the evening , had planned to rob him . 
 grenville kept rare artwork and antiquities in his private upstairs sitting rooms ; only a privileged few were ever allowed to view them . 
 the gang of thieves , led , as it turned out , by the butler , had arranged an elaborate scheme to carry off these artworks . 
 i had made so bold as to approach the disdainful grenville and tell him my suspicions . 
 to his credit , he dropped his pose , listened to me , then asked me why the devil i thought so . 
 i told him , because the footman 's livery did not fit him . 
 the staff hired for the night had not been allowed anywhere but the kitchens and the grand reception rooms on the ground floor . 
 it turned out that several had laid out grenville 's large footman , bartholomew , and one had stolen his livery in order to access the upper floors . 
 they supposed that great gentlemen never noticed what their own footmen looked like -- they were hired by butlers , housekeepers , or stewards . 
 true , very few people at the rout looked into the faces of the servants circulating with champagne and macaroons . 
 but grenville had hand-picked his servants -- though , he confided later , he had made a grave mistake with the butler . 
 when we found bartholomew , trussed up , sore , and most angry , in a retiring room upstairs , grenville had been furious . 
 we had rushed to the sitting room and caught the thieves in the act . 
 bartholomew had returned the blows laid on him in a fine show of pugilism , and i of course had the sword in my walking stick . 
 the next morning , grenville had sent his carriage for me , inviting me to breakfast with him and to discuss the incident . 
 thus had begun our interesting acquaintanceship . 
 this acquaintanceship with grenville gave me another advantage -- he knew nearly everything about everyone in london , being a cultivator of minute gossip about his fellow human beings . 
 he 'd know about horne , and possibly the carstairs family , and what he did not know , he could easily discover . 
 the advantage of his acquaintance at the moment seemed small , because i could n't run the devilish man to ground . 
 i 'd written , and he 'd not replied , and i refused to write again pleading to be allowed to speak to him . 
 i would not reject his friendship , but i refused to be his sycophant . 
 however , i needed his knowledge , so i 'd accepted an invitation tonight , issued by one colonel arbuthnot , who was hosting a viewing of the latest work by an up-and-coming painter called ormondsly . 
 i 'd accepted because i had every expectation of finding grenville there . 
 grenville was foremost in the art world , and artists cultivated his every opinion . 
 the cream of society would wait , breaths held , as grenville would lift his quizzing glass , candlelight glinting on the gold eyepiece , and run his slow gaze down the painting . 
 i 'd seen crowds biting lips , pressing fingers to mouths , or shifting from side to side while grenville cocked his head , pursed his lips , backed a few steps , and then started the process all over again . 
 at last he would render his judgment -- he would either pronounce the painting a work of genius , or an abysmal failure . 
 with his words , an artist would be made , or broken . 
 he 'd be certain to be at arbuthnot 's . 
 before i could leave my rooms for the outing , my upstairs neighbor , marianne simmons , opened my door and tripped blithely inside . 
 `` got any snuff , lacey ? '' 
 unsurprised , i took up my gloves and pulled them on . 
 `` in the cupboard . '' 
 i nodded at the aging chest on frame that stood against the wall next to the door . 
 grenville had recently given me a fine blend from his suppliers in pall mall , complete with ornate ebony box inlaid with mother-of-pearl . 
 i did not take much snuff , nor did i smoke the small cigarillos or larger cheroots that many army men did . 
 it was an odd gentleman who did not like tobacco in some form or other , but i 'd always found i could take it or leave it alone . 
 marianne did not even thank me . 
 she moved to the chest and began rummaging through the drawer in which i usually kept my supply of snuff . 
 she 'd caught up her yellow ringlets in a ribbon , a la greque , a style a little out of date , but one that suited her childlike face . 
 her prettiness made her liked on stage and popular with gentlemen offstage . 
 and she was certainly pretty . 
 even i , who 'd come to know her well , could still appreciate her round bosom , her wide blue eyes , and the slender turn of her ankle . 
 but i 'd come to see that behind her prettiness lay the hardness of a woman who had looked upon the world and found it unkind . 
 where black nancy bantered with her mates and faced her hardships with good nature , marianne simmons could be hard and cold and ruthless . 
 knowing i was poor , she spoke to me only when she wanted to borrow coal and tapers or a few pence for tea . 
 that is , when she did not simply help herself . 
 she also considered me a convenient supply of the snuff she was addicted to but could not afford . 
 she pulled out the ebony box . 
 `` if this grenville is so rich , why does he not give you money ? '' 
 when marianne had discovered that the famous lucius grenville had taken me under his wing , she 'd pestered me with questions about him , although she seemed to know more about him than i did . 
 i imagined that the gentlemen she took up gossiped heavily about him . 
 `` a gentleman does not offer money to another gentleman . '' 
 `` bloody inconvenient for you . '' 
 she clutched the box to her chest . 
 `` i suppose he does not take up with actresses ? '' 
 `` he does . '' 
 in fact , i 'd seen him the night before at the theatre with hermione delgardia , the latest sensation on the continent , who was visiting england for a time . 
 marianne wrinkled her nose . 
 `` none who dance in the chorus , i 'd wager . 
 no , he sets his sights loftier , does he not ? '' 
 i ushered her out the door without asking for the box back . 
 `` i could n't say . '' 
 i shut the door and locked it with a key . 
 i did not miss marianne 's disappointed look that she would not be able to creep back downstairs and filch candles while i was out . 
 as it turned out , i would not be able to query grenville that night about either his taste in actresses or his opinion of josiah horne , because he never appeared at arbuthnot 's . 
 the party there consisted of a duke , another actress of considerably more note than marianne , several other people i knew only slightly , lady aline carrington , and a very pretty young widow called mrs. danbury . 
 the latter mostly ignored me , though i attempted to include myself in any conversations around her . 
 i waited most of the night , but grenville never arrived . 
 the painting had n't much to recommend it either . 
 tired , annoyed , and at the last of my resources , i took a hackney as far as i could afford the fare and ended up in st. james 's . 
 i strolled along , hoping i 'd chance upon grenville arriving at or departing from one of his clubs , but the man remained elusive . 
 i 'd walked slowly down to pall mall and on to cockspur street , making my weary way back toward covent garden . 
 as i approached charing cross , a man hailed me . 
 `` captain lacey , is it ? 
 it 's me , sir , remember ? 
 sergeant-major foster ? '' 
 i looked down into a leathery face and twinkling blue eyes . 
 i had n't seen the man in three years , but he 'd been a mainstay of the thirty-fifth , rising through the ranks quickly until he attained his final one of sergeant-major . 
 i knew he 'd gone to waterloo but had heard nothing of him since . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i held out my hand . 
 he grinned at it , then took a step back and saluted . 
 `` ca n't get used to civilian life , sir , that 's a fact . 
 once a sergeant , always a sergeant . 
 and you , sir ? 
 i heard you 'd hurt yourself bad and came home to convalesce . '' 
 i smiled faintly and tapped my left boot with my walking stick . 
 `` i did . 
 still a bit stiff , but i get around all right . '' 
 `` sorry to hear it , sir . 
 you were a fair sight on the battlefield , you were , riding hell-for-leather and screaming at us to stand and fight . 
 an inspiration you were . '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` i suspect ` inspiration ' was the kindest of the words used . '' 
 foster chuckled . 
 `` you always were a sharp one , sir , begging your pardon . 
 ah , here is someone else you might remember . 
 mrs. clarke , here 's our captain lacey . '' 
 the plump young woman who 'd been peering into dark shop windows a little way away from us turned and stepped back to the sergeant-major . 
 the polite smile i 'd put on my face in expectation of a half-remembered acquaintance froze . 
 i had n't known her as mrs. clarke ; i 'd known her as janet ingram , and seven years ago , she 'd briefly been my lover . 
 i had n't seen her since the day she 'd left the peninsula to return to her dying sister in essex . 
 she smiled into my eyes and i felt the years between us slide away , as if the pain , the betrayal , the empty ache of them , had never existed . 
 she looked little different now than she had all those years ago and all those miles away in portugal when she 'd been a corporal 's widow . 
 her waist was as plump , her arms as round , her hair , now adorned with a flat straw hat , as richly auburn . 
 her brown eyes sparkled as they had of old -- the sparkle of a woman who faced life on her own terms , whatever it dealt her . 
 our affair had lasted only six months , but every day of those months was sharp and clear in my memory . 
 i do n't know if sergeant-major foster remembered the circumstance of our acquaintance . 
 he stood by , beaming and grinning , as if he 'd played a joke on me . 
 my throat was paper dry , and i did my damndest to smile and politely tip my hat . 
 `` mrs. clarke . '' 
 she bypassed my stilted politeness with a smile that took my breath away . 
 `` gabriel . '' 
 she ran her gaze from the dark brown hair at my forehead to the tops of my boots . 
 `` i am pleased to see you , though you do not look the same . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` that , '' i said , `` is a very long story . '' 
 sergeant-major foster rubbed his hands . 
 `` well , well , quite a reunion tonight . 
 how 's the colonel , captain ? '' 
 i dragged my gaze from janet back to foster 's tanned and smiling face . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` bless me , he 's forgotten already . 
 our commander , sir . 
 colonel brandon . 
 your best mate . '' 
 i flinched as the truth wanted to come out , but i masked it in politeness . 
 `` the colonel is in good health . 
 as is his wife . '' 
 janet cocked her head , her eyes skeptical , but she said nothing . 
 `` pleased to hear it , '' foster said . 
 `` i 've had a bit of luck meself . 
 me old uncle passed on and it seems he had quite a bit of money laid by . 
 all came to me . 
 i 'm thinking of going to surrey and finding a nice little house in the countryside . 
 what do you think of that for an old sergeant , eh , captain ? '' 
 `` i think it excellent news , sergeant-major . '' 
 `` when i 'm all settled in , i 'll send word , and we 'll have a nice long talk over old times . '' 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 my mouth spoke the expected responses , but my thoughts , and eyes , were on janet . 
 she looked back at me , her smile pulling me to her and telling me all i needed to know . 
 `` we 'll let the captain get on now , mrs. clarke , '' the sergeant-major was saying . 
 he saluted again , stiff and exact . 
 `` good night , then , sir . '' 
 i saluted back . 
 `` good night , sergeant-major . 
 mrs. clarke . '' 
 i wondered who the devil mr. clarke was , but that question would have to wait . 
 janet took my offered hand , and the brief , warm pressure sent a slight tremor through me . 
 i realized then that although i 'd sent janet away all those years ago , i 'd never truly let her go . 
 they said their good-byes and walked on together . 
 my feet led me the other way , toward long acre . 
 after i 'd gone perhaps ten paces , i stopped and looked back . 
 janet walked beside foster , equal to the small man 's height . 
 she turned her head and looked back at me . 
 she 'd always been able to tell what was in my heart . 
 i imagined , as our gazes locked , that she could tell what beat there now . 
 at last she turned away , and i walked on , but the world had changed . 
 *** *** *** `` gossip is flying about you , my friend , '' lucius grenville said as his butler silently presented me a goblet of french brandy . 
 i thanked him and sipped the fine liquid , my eyes closing briefly in appreciation . 
 we reposed in the upstairs sitting room of grenville 's grosvenor street house . 
 the facade of the house was simple , almost austere , in the style of the adam brothers from the later years of the last century . 
 the inside , however , was lavishly furnished . 
 this room in particular showcased items from grenville 's travels : carpets from the orient piled the floor , a silk tent hung overhead . 
 ivory and bits of egyptian jewelry filled a curio shelf near the door , and a gold mask of some ancient egyptian adorned the fireplace mantel . 
 furniture ranged from a turkish couch to mundane straight-backed chairs set at random around the room . 
 real wax candles , dozens of them , brightened the gloom and softened the colors around us . 
 i recalled the faux egyptian room in horne 's house and wondered if the man had tried to emulate this chamber , though it was unlikely he 'd ever seen it in person . 
 if he 'd meant to imitate , he 'd fallen far short of the mark . 
 grenville himself was a slim man a few years younger than i , with dark hair that curled over his collar and sideburns that drew to a point just below his high cheekbones . 
 his eyes were black in his sharp face , his nose long and sloping . 
 he could not be called a handsome man , but there were hordes of women , respectable matrons and cyprians alike , willing to forgive him for it . 
 in that morning 's post , i had found a letter from grenville , informing me that his carriage would call for me at eleven o'clock to carry me to his home . 
 i was torn between annoyance and relief . 
 he 'd solved the problem of my seeking him by him seeking me , but his abrupt habit of summoning me whenever he wished to see me grated on my pride . 
 horne had also written me that he 'd had an answer from mr. denis , and would i call at number 22 that afternoon at five o'clock ? 
 i replied , answering in the affirmative . 
 i 'd bathed and breakfasted and thought about janet clarke , who 'd once been janet ingram . 
 janet had been the widow of a young infantryman , left on her own very young , without money or protection . 
 one night i discovered a card game in progress among my men -- the winner would take janet home with him . 
 when i broke it up , she grew angry and demanded to know where i thought she was to sleep that night , if i were so clever . 
 i said i supposed she could stay with me . 
 which she did , for six months . 
 she never spoke much about her past , although she did tell me she 'd been born in a village on the east coast of england , near ipswich . 
 she 'd had little to look forward to , she said , except backbreaking work on a farm or being pawed at by the local lads . 
 when young ingram had passed through her village , boasting that he was taking the king 's shilling and going off to chase the frenchies out of portugal , janet had seized a chance to escape her narrow life , and left with him . 
 life following the drum was hard for a woman , as i well knew , but many of them , like louisa brandon , developed a resilience that any general would envy . 
 they suffered loss and deprivation and hunger and exhaustion , and every battle , successful or not , brought much death . 
 wives so easily became widows ; many more than once . 
 janet herself had developed enough resilience to survive her husband 's death and declare she would become the wife or mistress of whoever won the card game . 
 my men were annoyed with me for taking her for myself , but i ever after rejoiced that i had . 
 during those six months i was more alive than i had been in the decade before or the years since . 
 we never spoke of love , or later . 
 during the war in spain and portugal , you had only now , because tomorrow , a battle or a french sniper could change your life forever . 
 when janet received word that her sister was dying , i 'd sent her home , knowing she would not come back . 
 we did not promise to write , or to meet again , or to wait . 
 time had passed , but she was still beautiful . 
 still janet . 
 grenville held up his forefinger , which was encircled with a diamond-encrusted ring . 
 `` first , you escort mrs. brandon to the opera , while her husband is conspicuously absent . '' 
 i said , `` any slander regarding mrs. brandon will be silenced at the end of my pistol . '' 
 grenville grinned and shook his head . 
 `` your honor , and mrs. brandon 's , seems to be unquestionable . 
 though the most malicious tried valiantly to make something of it , that story was quashed . '' 
 he lifted his second finger alongside the first . 
 `` second , you are putting up notices about a young woman i have never heard of , which means you are involved in something interesting . '' 
 `` that is almost close to the truth . '' 
 grenville raised the next finger . 
 `` third , you single-handedly threw a dozen cavalrymen out of hanover square yesterday , where they were making a nuisance of themselves . 
 lieutenant gale is fuming . '' 
 `` five , '' i said . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 i took another sip of brandy . 
 `` i threw only five cavalrymen out of hanover square . '' 
 * * * * * chapter six grenville half smiled at me , as though he thought me joking . 
 he wore monochrome colors today , his black and white suit as understated as the exterior of his house . 
 a ruby stick pin adorned his white cravat like a drop of blood . 
 as i continued to sip brandy , his eyes widened . 
 `` good lord , lacey , you are serious . 
 you astonish me . '' 
 i settled myself on his turkish divan , stretching my left leg to ease the ache in it . 
 `` is that why you asked me to call on you ? 
 to discover which rumors were true ? '' 
 `` only in part . 
 the other was to get your opinion on this brandy . '' 
 he held up his glass , showing amber depths glowing behind crystal facets . 
 `` it is truly remarkable , '' i conceded . 
 `` an excellent choice . '' 
 `` i enjoy giving you food and drink , lacey . 
 you do not wait to discern what i want you to say before pronouncing judgment . 
 if something truly disgusts you , you do not hesitate to declare it so . 
 i appreciate your honesty . '' 
 `` and i thought i was only being rude , '' i said . 
 `` i went to view ormondsly 's new painting last night . 
 i was surprised you did not attend . '' 
 `` were you ? '' 
 grenville leaned against the mantelpiece , crossing one polished boot over the other . 
 `` what did you think of the painting ? '' 
 i had barely noticed the damned thing . 
 my attention had been distracted by watching for grenville , trying to keep up my part of the conversation , and staring at the lovely mrs. danbury . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it was ... '' he gestured , diamond rings glinting . 
 `` exactly . 
 ormondsly is young and talented , but unperfected . 
 in a few years ' time , he will amount to something -- if he does not murder himself with his opium eating before then . 
 if i praise his painting now , artists of more merit will be undeservedly ignored ; if i slight his work or give it lukewarm praise , his career will be over before it begins . 
 best to pretend i regretted i had n't the opportunity to view the work . 
 i will see it in private , with him there , and tell him what i truly think . '' 
 he took a sip of brandy , finished with his lecture . 
 i said dryly , `` it must be difficult to have such power . '' 
 for a bare instant , anger sparkled in his dark eyes , and i wondered if i 'd gone too far . 
 he 'd summon his large footmen to toss me out , and i had n't had the chance to finish this excellent brandy . 
 then his good humor returned . 
 `` society does put a value on my opinions that is far higher than it is worth . 
 to save having to think up their own opinions , i imagine . '' 
 i took a sip of the precious brandy in relief . 
 `` in truth , it is your opinion i am seeking at this moment . '' 
 `` not about that painting , surely . '' 
 `` no . 
 i want to know about a gentleman who lives in hanover square . '' 
 grenville gave me an inquisitive look , and i saw a gleam of interest in his eye . 
 i told him the tale , stopping here and there to wet my mouth with the brandy . 
 during the story , grenville frowned into the depths of his glass , then , when i related horne 's mention of denis and my speculations that denis was a procurer , he sat down abruptly on one of the straight-backed chairs . 
 when i 'd finished , grenville said , `` my apologies , lacey . 
 i was eager for gossip and had no idea you 'd been involved in something so tragic . '' 
 `` no matter . 
 what do you know about josiah horne ? 
 the thornton family , including alice , believe horne abducted jane . 
 is it possible ? '' 
 grenville rolled his glass between his palms . 
 `` i 've never heard anything against the man . 
 horne is an mp for sussex . 
 he 's a widower who lives quietly , and as far as i know never raises a ruckus in parliament . 
 not a political hothead . 
 i rarely see him at social gatherings , and i ca n't name one person who truly knows him well . '' 
 he sipped brandy . 
 `` you say he did not recognize jane thornton 's name ? '' 
 `` i would swear that he 'd never heard of her . 
 but maybe he knows her by another name . '' 
 `` or he could be telling the truth . '' 
 `` but mr. thornton and alice saw jane go into the house . '' 
 `` they may have mistaken the house , '' grenville pointed out . 
 `` or horne may not have known she 'd come there at all . 
 perhaps her meeting was with someone else -- the butler , the valet , the maid you saw . '' 
 `` why are you trying to absolve him ? 
 he may have abducted the girl and ruined her . 
 if she is not still with him , she will have nowhere to go but into a brothel or the streets . '' 
 grenville lifted his hand . 
 `` calm yourself , lacey . 
 i am merely pointing out possibilities . 
 i know you disliked the man , and i can not blame you for that if what you say is true . 
 but before sending in the magistrate , you should first discover if he ever truly saw the girl at all . '' 
 i drummed my fingers on the table beside me . 
 `` louisa brandon said as much . 
 i have an unfortunately rash temper . '' 
 `` so i have heard . 
 did you know , a colonel who frequents my club told me you 'd once put a pistol to the head of another colonel and demanded he rescind one of his orders . '' 
 he regarded me with curiosity , as though hoping i 'd regale him with the entire story . 
 `` an order that would have killed all my men . 
 i would not sacrifice them so that he might claim courage . '' 
 i recalled that blustery winter day on the battlefield in portugal , when my blood had boiled hot and a cavalry colonel had wet himself because he 'd thought me insane enough to pull the trigger . 
 fortunately , the staff officers knew of the man 's incompetence , and so i 'd avoided an incident that could have wrecked my career . 
 watching my temper rise dismayed me -- my vision would become clear and sharp , and a course of action , direct and plain , would present itself to me . 
 right and wrong became suddenly vivid ; a complex situation would resolve into one bright point . 
 sometimes my rages cut right to the heart of a matter ; at others , they only made things worse . 
 unfortunately , i could not always tell which was which . 
 grenville rose and paced to the fireplace . 
 `` speaking of your rashness , i am going to give you a bit of advice concerning this james denis . '' 
 he faced me . 
 `` have nothing to do with him . 
 pursue horne if you must , but leave denis out of it . '' 
 i lifted my brows . 
 `` why ? 
 who is denis ? '' 
 grenville hesitated , while shadows played on his angular face . 
 `` james denis is a dangerous man to know . 
 please take my word for it . '' 
 he wanted me to stop asking questions , which ensured that i wanted to ask more . 
 `` if that is so , why have i never heard of him ? '' 
 grenville shrugged . 
 `` he lives quietly . '' 
 `` so does horne , you say . '' 
 grenville regarded me uncomfortably , as though wanting to deny he had the information i wanted . 
 then he gave a resigned sigh and set his crystal glass on the mantelpiece . 
 `` i do not know who james denis truly is , '' he said . 
 `` his father is rumored to have been a footman and his mother a lady of quality . 
 i 'm not certain i believe that . 
 but despite his origins , denis is now one of the wealthiest men in england . 
 dukes know him . 
 the prince regent has no doubt hired him ; you know what a mania the prince has for art , especially when he 's told the thing in question is impossible to acquire . 
 i 've asked the prince point blank if he used denis to find some of his collection , but he only gave me that coy look he has when he 's trying to be clever . '' 
 i 'd never met the prince regent or seen him closer than from the back of a crowd that watched his coach travel down pall mall . 
 the last time i 'd spied his coach passing , the crowd had booed him and mud had splattered the side of his garish yellow carriage . 
 the regent 's daughter , princess charlotte , was wildly popular , but the profligate regent was barely tolerated . 
 grenville had told me tales of dining at carleton house -- on one occasion the dining table had been surrounded by a sparkling trough of water , through which fish had swum . 
 grenville had shaken his head while relating the anecdote , his expression pained . 
 `` well , '' i said . 
 `` i will meet denis soon and discover what he is for myself . 
 horne wrote that he 'd had an answer to our request for an appointment . '' 
 grenville turned swiftly , eyes wide . 
 `` no , lacey , do n't go , not even for curiosity 's sake . 
 denis is dangerous . 
 leave him alone . '' 
 the directive , of course , only fueled my determination . 
 `` explain to me what he is then . 
 a procurer ? 
 a smuggler ? '' 
 grenville shook his head . 
 `` i wish i knew . 
 the man is elusive , even to someone as bothersome as me . 
 i know that he has procurers and smugglers dancing his bidding . 
 he obtains things , things that might be out of reach of the ordinary person . 
 he is able to work seeming miracles to get exactly what his , shall we say , customer , wants . '' 
 grenville paced again . 
 `` whenever he expresses interest in a bill or discussion in parliament , funnily enough , the vote always seems to coincide with his interests . 
 but i have never heard that he actually controls anyone . 
 you never hear anything directly against denis . 
 he is that discreet . '' 
 `` discreet enough so that his customer might not know the name of the young woman abducted for him ? '' 
 grenville paced the length of the hearth rug then turned to me . 
 `` lacey , i beg you , do not openly accuse james denis of abducting miss thornton . 
 you would never get out again . '' 
 `` you speak as though you know him well . 
 does he have the honor of your acquaintance ? '' 
 grenville colored . 
 `` no . 
 i was a -- customer -- once . '' 
 the candle beside me guttered and died in a spattering of wax . 
 `` were you , indeed ? 
 this sounds interesting . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and , like you , i want to know all about a person before i commit myself . 
 i made it my business to find out about denis , and i did not like what i found . '' 
 `` yet , you hired him . '' 
 grenville tapped his heel against a pattern of the rug . 
 `` i had no choice . 
 i wanted a particular painting that was in france during the war . 
 in bonaparte 's personal collection , as a matter of fact . 
 it belonged to an exiled french aristocrat , painted for him specially , he told me , and the man had tried everything to get it back . '' 
 grenville continued to study the carpet . 
 `` i offered to help him , and i had heard of denis . 
 i hired denis to find and deliver the painting . 
 denis did . '' 
 `` damned resourceful of him . 
 how did he manage it ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . 
 and i never asked . 
 the price was , as you might expect , very high . '' 
 for some reason , i suddenly thought of the screen that colonel brandon had brought home with him from spain . 
 its three panels depicted scenes of the holy family , done in gold leaf and ebony . 
 i had no idea where he 'd obtained it , but it was very old , and he prized it above all possessions . 
 louisa told me he 'd set it in his private sitting room behind his bedchamber , a room few were allowed to enter . 
 i 'd always wondered where he 'd stumbled upon the thing , which looked valuable beyond compare . 
 i wondered now if he 'd obtained it from someone like denis . 
 i pried my fingers apart . 
 `` so that is why horne intimated that you knew all about denis . '' 
 grenville shook his head . 
 `` he did not hear such a thing from denis . 
 or from me . 
 i imagine my french acquaintance flapped his tongue . 
 it might explain why he departed so suddenly for france . '' 
 he hesitated , his dark brows lowered . 
 `` when you attend this appointment with denis , i will accompany you . '' 
 i did n't want that . 
 grenville would want to handle everything very discreetly , while i would prefer to take denis by the coat and shake him until i received the information i needed . 
 grenville would also , as was his habit , take over the conversation . 
 i gave him a nod , and decided i would not bother to mention the time and day of my appointment when i learned it . 
 grenville snatched up his glass and crossed the room to the brandy decanter . 
 `` you 've piqued my interest in this situation anyway , lacey . 
 raise the reward to ten guineas . 
 i will supply it ; mrs. brandon can save her pin money . 
 and advertise in newspapers . 
 if miss thornton has gone to another protector , that protector might believe confessing her whereabouts is worth ten guineas . 
 my carriage , also , will be at your disposal for dashing about london questioning people . '' 
 he filled his glass , then came to me and poured more brandy into mine . 
 `` why are you so interested in sparing me shillings ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he shrugged as he returned the decanter to the exact center of the table . 
 `` the last time i was in a hackney , it smelled as through the previous passenger had relieved himself in the corner . 
 you ca n't pretend that is preferable to my rig . '' 
 i had to shake my head . 
 `` i would think you 'd want to stay out of such a sordid business . '' 
 he turned to me , hands restlessly cradling his glass . 
 `` i will tell you a secret , lacey . 
 the answer to why i traipse about the world like a vagabond and come home with these interesting trinkets . 
 the reason i elbowed my way to the top of society and take mistresses of exotic and unusual backgrounds . '' 
 i finished for him . 
 `` because you are hopelessly bored . '' 
 grenville shot me a look of surprise and then laughed . 
 `` am i so readable ? '' 
 `` it is what i would do , if i had the means . '' 
 `` you have uncanny perception , you know , lacey . 
 i discovered that shortly after i met you . 
 i also discovered that anything you are involved in is certain to be interesting . 
 that is why i brought you here and am plying you with brandy . 
 i am making a rude attempt to satisfy my curiosity . '' 
 `` so i thought . '' 
 i knew full well that grenville 's interest in me was entirely selfish . 
 he sought to entertain himself , and paid me back by smoothing my way into a society that would normally have ignored me . 
 i supposed i should be grateful , but what i mostly felt was irritation . 
 colonel brandon had been another man who 'd smoothed my way for me , in this case , into an army commission when i 'd had no money to purchase it . 
 he 'd convinced me to volunteer as an officer , which i could do as the son of a gentleman , and his influence slid me into the rank of cornet when one came open . 
 i 'd clawed my own way up the next few ranks to captain , moving more slowly than others because of my lack of wealth , but brandon 's influence , and money , certainly had helped me . 
 and then , in the end , he had completely and utterly betrayed me . 
 the look on his face when i 'd returned from the mission in which i was to have died had forever shattered any remnant of love and respect between us . 
 poor louisa , blaming herself , had tried to sow the seeds of forgiveness , but neither of us had let her . 
 small wonder that i never wanted to depend upon anyone again . 
 i barely knew grenville , despite the interesting circumstances of our first meeting . 
 he must have the acquaintance of scores of officers from the peninsular campaign , not to mention waterloo , but he 'd fixed his interest upon me . 
 grenville confirmed my thoughts even as i had them . 
 `` i admit that i collect people , '' he said , `` much as i collect art . 
 i am interested in people like you , people who have lived . 
 i 've only played at living . '' 
 `` you have explored africa and much of the amazon , '' i reminded him . 
 `` a rich man relieving his ennui . 
 you , on the other hand , have lived your life . '' 
 i warmed the goblet in my palm . 
 `` yet , i would gladly trade with you . '' 
 grenville shook his head . 
 `` you would not , in truth . 
 i have done things that i regret . '' 
 `` as have all of us . '' 
 grenville fixed an intense gaze on me , but i could see that he saw something beyond me . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 i simply drank my brandy . 
 grenville did not know the half of what i regretted , and i was not going to tell him . 
 *** *** *** the afternoon had clouded over , and by the time i reached hanover square for my appointment with horne , the sky was dark , rain spattering in little droplets . 
 i descended from the hackney and knocked on the door , hoping the butler would hasten to answer . 
 i 'd decided after speaking with grenville to ask horne point blank about jane thornton and her maid . 
 if he were innocent , then he would have nothing to fear from me -- i 'd apologize and leave him alone . 
 if he were not innocent , i 'd put him to the question until i knew jane 's whereabouts . 
 if she were in his house , i 'd get her out of it , using violence if necessary . 
 if she were elsewhere , i 'd damn well make the man take me to her . 
 i was tired of polite evasiveness and roundabout methods . 
 it was my nature to act . 
 if i offended the man and he called me out , then he did . 
 i 'd borrow a pistol from grenville and let horne shoot at me while i fired into the air . 
 if he were innocent , i 'd deserve it . 
 the butler took his time . 
 i plied the knocker again . 
 instead of the butler , a young footman yanked open the door and peered out at me . 
 i handed him my card . 
 he looked me up and down , inspected my drab suit , then ushered me inside to the dim hall . 
 the hooknose butler entered from the back of the house as the footman took my hat and gloves . 
 `` captain . 
 welcome , sir . 
 my master is expecting you . 
 i will inform him of your arrival . '' 
 he limped away and mounted the stairs . 
 the footman led me to the same reception room with the same annoying egyptian drawings and the same clumsy paintings . 
 i did not sit down . 
 the footman moved to stir the fire . 
 he shot me a few eager looks over his shoulder before he wet his lips and spoke . 
 `` were you in the war , sir ? 
 at waterloo ? '' 
 i was asked that often , but no . 
 brandon and i had chosen semiretirement before napoleon 's escape and return to power in 1815 . 
 while the last , glorious battle had been waging in belgium , we 'd remained in london , learning of the outcome only when the guns in st. james 's park had fired to celebrate the victory . 
 `` not waterloo , '' i answered . 
 `` the peninsular campaign . '' 
 the footman grinned in delight . 
 already , the horrors of the war were fading , the brutal battles of vitoria , salamanca , and albuera becoming distant and romantic tales . 
 `` what regiment , sir ? '' 
 `` thirty-fifth light . '' 
 `` aye , sir ? 
 my brother was in the seventh hussars . 
 he was batman to a colonel . 
 the colonel died . 
 shot out of the saddle . 
 my brother was that broken up . 
 narrowly missed ending up a frog prisoner . '' 
 `` my condolences for his loss , '' i said . 
 `` i wanted to go . 
 but i was only fifteen , and me ma would n't hear of it . 
 what was to happen to her if both her sons died over in foreign parts ? 
 she wanted to know . 
 so i stayed . 
 my brother came back all right , so she worried for nothing . '' 
 my own father had forbidden me to go into the army ; the fact that he could not afford a commission for me had been moot . 
 we 'd had day-and-night screaming rows about it , which included him cuffing me or beating me with a stick when i could n't elude him . 
 i 'd no money of my own for a commission either , and i 'd assumed i had no hope . 
 then , just after my twentieth birthday , i 'd met aloysius brandon , who convinced me to come with him to india and volunteer . 
 brandon had been a compelling man in those days and our friendship had deepened quickly . 
 so i 'd turned my back on my father and gone with brandon to the king 's army . 
 i heard of my father 's death the very day i 'd followed arthur wellesley , the brilliant general who was to become the duke of wellington , into talavera , in spain . 
 the next morning , i 'd been promoted from lieutenant to captain . 
 we heard the butler returning , but he was running , clattering down the stairs . 
 somewhere upstairs , a woman began screaming . 
 the footman with his young exuberance gained the hall before i could . 
 the butler swayed on the stairs above us , clutching the rail , his face gray . 
 his gaze fixed on me and clung for a moment , then he doubled over and vomited onto the polished floor . 
 the screaming went on , winding down to wails of despair . 
 footsteps sounded on the lower stairs -- the rest of the staff emerging from the kitchens to see what was the matter . 
 the footman charged past me and up the stairs . 
 i came behind , my injured leg slowing me . 
 on the first floor , in the doorway of the study in which i 'd met horne the day before , huddled the maid called grace . 
 her cap had fallen from her brown hair , and her face was blotched with weeping . 
 the footman looked past her into the room , and his face drained of color . 
 the pretty yellow carpet had been ruined . 
 a huge brown stain marred it , spreading from under the body of josiah horne . 
 he lay face up , his eyes wide , his mouth frozen in a grimace of horror . 
 the hilt of a knife protruded from the center of his chest , and a small circle of blood stained his ivory waistcoat . 
 but that wound had not made the dull brown wave that encompassed most of the carpet . 
 horne 's trousers had been wrenched opened and his testicles sheared from his body . 
 * * * * * chapter seven the stink of blood and death coated the stuffy room . 
 i pushed past the footman and made for the window , taking care to step only where the carpet was still yellow . 
 i unlatched and opened the window onto the garden letting in the chill wind and rain . 
 i gulped the cold air in relief . 
 when i turned back , grace was clinging to the doorframe , sobbing wretchedly . 
 `` take her out , '' i told the footman . 
 the footman tried to coax grace to her feet , but she remained in a heap , weeping . 
 the footman grasped her under the arms and hauled her bodily up and away . 
 i made my way back across the room , barely feeling my stiff knee , my thoughts tumbling . 
 in these moments of shock , when the world blurred for others , it became crystal clear for me . 
 i saw the room with sharp edges , every piece of furniture , every shadow from the tiny fire , every fiber of carpet soaked with blood . 
 horne 's face was a mask of surprise . 
 his mouth was wide open , his brown eyes round . 
 he 'd died without struggle , i could see from the way his hands lay open at his side . 
 his fingers were curled slightly , not raised in defense . 
 his testicles , bloody and disgusting , rested on the carpet between his spraddled legs . 
 the knife in his chest must not have killed him instantly , but the mutilation of his body had spilled his life onto the bright yellow carpet . 
 i turned away , like a man caught in a dream , and found the butler in the hall . 
 he leaned against a wall , his handkerchief to his mouth , his breathing shallow . 
 here was one whose world blurred with shock ; he 'd be useless to me . 
 my long habit of command seeped through me , and i straightened my shoulders . 
 `` send someone for a constable . 
 and a doctor . 
 keep the others from coming in . '' 
 the footman trotted back to us from the stair , his young eyes wide and excited . 
 `` a doctor 's not going to do him any good . 
 he 's dead , ai n't he ? '' 
 `` a doctor can tell us how long he 's been dead , '' i said . 
 `` can he , sir ? 
 must have been a long time . 
 would have to be for all that blood to dry , would n't it ? '' 
 the butler whimpered , and i snapped my attention back to him . 
 `` when was the last time you saw mr. horne ? '' 
 he moved his handkerchief a fraction . 
 `` this morning , sir . 
 in this very room . '' 
 `` this morning ? 
 it is five o'clock . 
 you did not speak to him all day ? '' 
 `` he told me he did not want to be disturbed , sir . '' 
 `` was that usual ? '' 
 the footman nodded . 
 `` aye , on account of his ladies . 
 we were never to come nigh him when he was with his ladies . 
 no matter what . '' 
 `` shut up , '' the butler wheezed . 
 `` we were n't supposed to know . 
 he kept it quiet like . 
 but we knew . '' 
 i kept my gaze on the butler . 
 `` so you thought nothing of it when you never saw him from that moment to this ? '' 
 both servants shook their heads . 
 i scanned the room again . 
 an odd place for horne to have a liaison . 
 the desk was littered with books and papers and the chaise was too narrow to be comfortable . 
 odd places could be exciting , but horne was older than i was , his body thickset . 
 a man of his stature would long for a deep featherbed for anything more than a playful kiss . 
 i looked again at the wardrobe . 
 it was of cheap mahogany , like the rest of the furniture , but its presence bothered me . 
 i went to it , again keeping to the edges of the carpet . 
 it sported two keyholes , double locks like misshapen eyes . 
 i ran my hand down the seam between the doors . 
 near the locks , the crack between the doors was nicked and chipped , small gouges in the finish . 
 i pulled on the handles . 
 the doors did not move . 
 `` do you have a key for this ? '' 
 in the hall , the butler said , `` i have keys for all the locks . '' 
 `` bring it to me . '' 
 keys jingled as the butler sorted them in his shaking fingers . 
 the footman carried one across the room and laid it in my outstretched hand . 
 i inserted the small key into one of the locks and pulled open the door . 
 it swung on its hinges , noiseless as mist , and i stopped in shock when i saw what was inside . 
 inside the wardrobe lay a young woman , her knees pulled against her chest , her hands twisted behind her back and tied . 
 she lay motionlessly , her eyes closed , her pale lids waxen . 
 a fall of yellow hair half hid her bruised face , and the brown tips of her breasts pressed the opaque fabric of a chemise . 
 i felt the footman 's breath on my shoulder . 
 `` my god , sir . '' 
 i knelt and touched the girl 's bare neck . 
 her skin was cool , but her pulse beat under my fingers . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 the footman stammered . 
 `` that 's aimee . 
 i thought she 'd gone . '' 
 aimee . 
 my heart beat thick and fast . 
 jane thornton 's maid . 
 `` where is the other girl ? 
 where is jane ? '' 
 `` do n't know any jane . '' 
 `` damn you , the young woman she came here with . '' 
 the footman took a step back , dark eyes bewildered . 
 `` the girl she came with were n't jane . 
 she was lily . '' 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` do n't know , sir . 
 she 's gone . '' 
 i drew a short knife from my pocket . 
 the footman looked at me in alarm , but i turned away and gently cut the cords that bound the girl 's hands . 
 i rose to my feet . 
 `` lift her . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` i can not carry her . 
 you must . 
 is there a chamber we can take her to ? '' 
 `` i suppose a guest chamber , sir , but mr. bremer 's got the keys . '' 
 i assumed that mr. bremer was the butler . 
 i glanced at the hall , but he 'd crept away while we stared at aimee . 
 `` i 'll find bremer him . 
 when did this girl named lily leave ? '' 
 the footman 's brow wrinkled under his white wig . 
 `` oh , weeks ago it was now . '' 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 he looked close to tears . 
 `` i do n't know , sir . '' 
 i let it go . 
 `` take her to a guest chamber . 
 i 'll fetch bremer . '' 
 i left him lifting the girl in his beefy arms , looking down at her in undisguised awe . 
 i found bremer in the kitchen . 
 he sat at a table , his head in his hands , the other staff gathered around him . 
 they looked up at me , white-faced and anxious , while grace 's wails echoed from the dark doorway beyond . 
 a tall and bony woman , with an alert , almost handsome face , her apron dusted with flour , stepped in front of me . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ignored her and went to bremer . 
 `` i need your keys . '' 
 he unhooked them from his belt and handed them to me in silence , the keys jangling as his fingers shook . 
 i pointed at a boy who leaned against a wall . 
 `` you . 
 run and get a constable . 
 then go to bow street and ask for pomeroy . 
 tell him captain lacey sent you . '' 
 they all stared at me , and i clapped my hand around the keys . 
 `` now . '' 
 the boy turned and banged his way out the scullery door into the rain . 
 his thin legs flashed by the high window as he ran up the outside stairs . 
 the servants continued to stare at me as i turned my back and tramped away . 
 behind me , bremer began to weep . 
 i found the footman waiting before a door in the upper hall . 
 the young woman lay insensibly in his arms , her hair tangled on his chest . 
 his wig had been knocked askew , which made him look still younger than his thick arms suggested -- a child 's frightened face on a man 's body . 
 the footman seemed unsurprised that i 'd assumed command , and waited patiently for his next order . 
 the room i unlocked was neat and cheerful , the first one with those qualities i 'd seen in this house . 
 i told the footman to lay the girl on the bed 's embroidered white counterpane and to start the fire . 
 i shook out the quilt that lay at the bottom of the bed and draped it over the girl . 
 she lay in a swoon , but her breathing was better , her chest rising and falling evenly , as though she were simply asleep . 
 the footman watched her , a mixture of pity and fascination in his eyes . 
 `` stoke the fire well , '' i told him . 
 `` and tell the other maid to come up and sit here with her . 
 not grace . '' 
 the footman dragged his gaze from aimee . 
 `` you want hetty , sir ? 
 i 'll fetch her . '' 
 `` in a moment . '' 
 i limped out of the room and back to the study . 
 i closed the door on the grisly scene and locked it with bremer 's keys . 
 when i returned to the bedroom , the footman was tossing heaping shovelfuls of coal onto the grate one-handed . 
 he 'd built the fire to roaring , and heat seeped into the room . 
 for a moment , i wanted to sink to my knees and , like bremer , press my hands to my head . 
 i had come here to get the truth from horne , by violence if necessary , but someone had beaten me to it . 
 someone had stabbed him through the heart , cheerfully perhaps . 
 and then , not satisfied with that , the killer had mutilated him . 
 i could almost understand the murder . 
 horne was disgusting and self-satisfied , and by all evidence , he 'd beaten this young woman and kept her tied and locked in a wardrobe . 
 but what the murderer had done afterward lodged bile in my throat . 
 that had been an act of anger , of vengeance , an act as disgusting as horne had been himself . 
 behind my disgust , my clear thoughts kept working to piece together what had happened . 
 i felt a sudden need to order everything in my mind before pomeroy arrived , though i could n't have told myself why . 
 it was pomeroy 's job to discover the culprit and arrest him , not mine . 
 i looked at the footman . 
 `` what is your name ? '' 
 he turned from the fireplace , still on his knees . 
 `` john , sir . 
 i was christened daniel , but gents mostly want a john or a henry on their doors . '' 
 `` if your master told bremer he was not to be disturbed , why was grace there ? '' 
 john thought a moment . 
 `` sometimes he had grace wait on him . 
 when he would n't have us . '' 
 i remembered grace kneeling in the doorway , staring in anguish at horne 's body in the stain of brown blood . 
 `` was she there before or after bremer opened the door ? '' 
 he looked confused . 
 `` i do n't know , sir . 
 i was with you . '' 
 i let that drop . 
 `` what is your job here ? 
 to stand by the front door ? '' 
 `` aye , sir . 
 from the morning until i locks it last thing of the day . 
 if a gent comes to the door what has business with the master , i put him in the reception room and give his card to mr. bremer . 
 if it 's someone as has no right to be here , i chuck him out . '' 
 `` but you are not on the door all the time , are you ? '' 
 he looked confused . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` when i arrived yesterday , mr. bremer let me in . 
 not you . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well , i 'm really the only man here , ai n't i ? 
 except mr. bremer , and he 's too old . 
 i help hetty and gracie carry the coal buckets up and down the stairs . 
 or a load of wood , or a tub of water to the scullery . 
 no one else is big enough . '' 
 `` so all day you or mr. bremer opens the door to visitors . 
 no one comes in without you knowing it . '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 `` who came today ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` do you mean someone who came today might have stuck the master ? '' 
 `` it is possible . 
 think back . 
 who came to visit ? '' 
 john 's face screwed up with effort . 
 `` well , there was one gent , thin , dark haired . 
 you 'll have to ask mr. bremer who he was . 
 i was helping cook lug in the potatoes for dinner . 
 i let the gent out . '' 
 `` when was that ? '' 
 john wiped his sweating forehead on his arm , dislodging his footman 's white wig and revealing cropped dark hair beneath . 
 `` oh , maybe half past two . '' 
 `` was he the only visitor the entire day ? '' 
 `` excepting yourself , sir . '' 
 `` what about the girl , aimee ? 
 you said you 'd thought she 'd gone . '' 
 his gaze strayed to the bed . 
 `` aye , sir . 
 weeks ago now . 
 her and lily , they went . '' 
 `` you saw them go ? '' 
 he thought . 
 `` no . 
 the master said they were gone . 
 gracie was that glad . 
 she had to wait on them . 
 she did n't like them . '' 
 `` the girl , lily . 
 are you certain that was her name ? '' 
 `` the master said it was . '' 
 `` what did she say it was ? '' 
 he looked worried . 
 `` she never said . 
 i never went nigh her . 
 was n't allowed , was i ? '' 
 `` did he tell you why they went away ? '' 
 john shook his head . 
 `` they just went . '' 
 i leaned on my walking stick . 
 john watched me with an anxious expression on his shiny face . 
 i did n't know if his worry meant that he lied or whether he anticipated another difficult question . 
 `` go fetch hetty . 
 if you remember anything else , please tell me . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 john rose to his towering height and lumbered from the room . 
 the air had warmed , and the cold tension eased from my muscles a bit . 
 i pulled a chair close to the bed and sat down . 
 i itched to rouse the girl to ask her questions , but she was breathing evenly , sleeping well . 
 had horne tied her and put her in the wardrobe before the murderer came , or had the murderer done that ? 
 either way , aimee might have seen something , heard something , enough to tell us who had killed the man in the library . 
 pity moved me to let her rest . 
 i had found at least one of the girls , and she still lived . 
 bruises , dark and angry , threaded the translucent skin on her face , throat and chest . 
 fury beat through me at the sight of them , fury at horne and the murderer both . 
 dead , horne could made no recompense for what he 'd done , and i had a deep and aching need to make him pay . 
 the murder had robbed me of that satisfaction . 
 the door opened and a maid i had seen in the servants ' hall came in . 
 dark hair showed through the white cotton of her cap , but her face was not young . 
 it was an intelligent face , with a sharp nose and rather narrow eyes . 
 she looked at the pale , sleeping girl on the bed , and her nostrils pinched . 
 `` you sent for me , sir . '' 
 `` yes . 
 hetty , is it ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'm downstairs maid . 
 and i help cook . '' 
 i gestured to the bed and kept my voice low . 
 `` did you know that this young lady was in the house ? '' 
 `` she 's not a young lady , sir . 
 and i did n't know until john told me a moment ago . 
 i thought she 'd gone . '' 
 i clamped down on my anger at her self-righteousness . 
 `` do you remember when she first came here ? 
 she came with another girl , the girl mr. horne called lily . '' 
 `` oh , yes , i remember . '' 
 `` was lily the girl 's real name ? '' 
 `` how should i know , sir ? 
 they give themselves names , do n't they ? '' 
 my fingers curled around the head of my walking stick . 
 `` how did they arrive here in the first place , hetty ? 
 in a carriage ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , sir , i never saw . 
 i was out shopping for cook the day they came . 
 when i came home , cook was in a foul temper and said we had to make up for more people . 
 she sent me right out again for more vegetables . 
 she was that glad when they left again . 
 what do you want to know , for ? '' 
 i held on to my patience . 
 `` did you see them go ? '' 
 `` i never did . 
 but the master said they 'd gone . 
 both of them . '' 
 `` you knew why they 'd come in the first place . '' 
 hetty flushed . 
 `` of course i did , sir . 
 but it 's not my place to say anything , is it ? 
 if the master wants to keep young ladies about , it 's not my business . '' 
 `` but you did n't like it , '' i prodded . 
 `` no , sir . 
 john laughs and says the master has lively appetites . 
 but it 's wrong , is n't it ? 
 john says i read too many pamphlets . '' 
 `` yet you stay , '' i pointed out . 
 her eyes flickered . 
 `` it 's a good place , sir . 
 hard to get another place with wages so good . 
 and lily spoke kind , for what she was . '' 
 `` would it surprise you to learn that lily was in truth a respectable gentleman 's daughter , brought here against her will ? '' 
 hetty looked doubtful . 
 `` indeed , sir , it would surprise me very much . 
 i thought she was an actress or dancer or some such . 
 are you sure ? 
 she never tried to run away . '' 
 no , i was n't sure . 
 i was n't sure of anything . 
 `` would you have stayed if you had known she was really a respectable young lady ? '' 
 her voice dropped a notch . 
 `` i 'm ashamed to say i do n't know , sir . 
 the wages is high . '' 
 i tapped my fingers on my walking stick . 
 `` if mr. horne was so generous , and this is such a large house , why are n't there more of you ? 
 you said you have to double as the cook 's assistant . '' 
 hetty shrugged . 
 `` sometimes there 's more . 
 they come and go . 
 cook and mr. bremer , they 've been here forever . 
 i 've been here the longest after that , then john , then grace , then mr. horne 's valet , marcel . 
 he 's french . 
 henry -- he 's the boot boy -- has only been here a sixmonth . 
 he 'll not last long , though . 
 he does n't like it . '' 
 her face grew mournful . 
 `` but we 're all out of a place , are n't we , sir ? 
 now that the master is gone . 
 he 's truly dead ? '' 
 i gave a short nod . 
 `` he is most definitely dead . 
 did anyone go upstairs to the master 's chambers today , hetty ? 
 after he gave orders not to be disturbed ? '' 
 she thought a moment . 
 `` mr. bremer and grace . 
 they 're the only ones he lets in . 
 no one else . 
 but most of the afternoon i was in the kitchens with cook and henry , so i do n't know who all went up and down in the front . '' 
 so bremer had already lied . 
 he 'd told me he had n't seen horne since horne gave orders not to be disturbed . 
 i said , `` but there was a visitor earlier in the day . 
 a thin gentleman . 
 bremer let him in . '' 
 hetty nodded . 
 `` oh yes , sir . 
 i served him port in the downstairs sitting room . 
 mr. bremer took him upstairs . '' 
 `` do you know who this gentleman was ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. bremer told me . 
 he was a gentleman called mr. denis . 
 a friend of the master 's , mr. bremer said . '' 
 * * * * * chapter eight `` bury me cold , '' the constable breathed . 
 `` look what they done to the poor bugger . '' 
 the constable for the parish , a round-faced young man , blacksmith by trade , stood in the doorway of the study and stared at the carnage within . 
 i sat at the kneehole desk near the window , leafing through horne 's collection of calling cards . 
 pomeroy planted his fists on his hips and surveyed the dead body , the pool of blood , and me rifling the desk . 
 `` did you find him , captain ? '' 
 i did n't look up . 
 `` the butler found him . 
 i was in the reception room . 
 bremer rushed down and fetched me . '' 
 `` he 's the gent you were asking me about , ai n't he ? 
 friend of yours ? '' 
 i chose my words with care . 
 `` he is a friend of a friend . 
 i called to pay my respects . '' 
 `` to be sure . 
 and you found him like this . '' 
 `` the butler found him , '' i repeated . 
 `` he fetched me , and i followed him upstairs . 
 horne was lying as you see him now . '' 
 pomeroy advanced to the edge of the stain , pudgy fingers stroking his chin . 
 `` bled like a pig , did n't he ? 
 took a while for that lot to dry , though , would n't you say ? 
 crows would be at him by now . '' 
 i said , `` the butler and footman say mr. horne came into this room this morning and asked not to be disturbed . 
 after that -- '' i spread my hands , indicating anything could have happened after that . 
 `` well , i 'll be questioning the butler and footman , to be sure . 
 now , if you do n't mind , sir , the constable and i will be at it . '' 
 i palmed the card of mr. james denis , slid it into my pocket , and closed the card box . 
 `` carry on , sergeant . '' 
 i crossed the room to the door and went out . 
 the constable remained in the hall , staring at the body , his pasty face shiny with sweat . 
 i said kindly , `` the footman can fetch you brandy or port . '' 
 `` them are the devil 's drinks , sir . '' 
 dear god , a london constable who was a methodist . 
 i silently wished him luck . 
 as i neared the staircase , hetty put her mob-capped head out of the bedroom . 
 `` she 's awake , sir . 
 i told her the master was dead . 
 she 's a bit bewildered by it all . '' 
 i glanced back at the study , but pomeroy and the constable were not watching me . 
 pomeroy 's loud and cheerful tones floated down the hall . 
 i motioned hetty back inside the room , then stepped in quietly and shut the door . 
 the yellow-haired girl watched me from the bed , her dark eyes pools of confusion . 
 `` aimee ? '' 
 her voice was a shallow whisper . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i sat down in the chair i 'd pulled close to the bed , and she flinched and closed her eyes . 
 `` i 'll not hurt you , aimee , '' i said in the gentlest voice i could . 
 `` i 've come from the thorntons . '' 
 aimee 's face relaxed , and after a moment or two , her eyes drifted open . 
 she had brown eyes , but the brown was swallowed up by the black of her pupils . 
 i read shock there , and hurt so deep i could not reach it . 
 `` my name is captain lacey , '' i said . 
 `` i 've come to find you and jane . 
 do you know where jane is ? '' 
 tears filled her eyes and streaked silently down her cheeks . 
 `` no , sir . 
 she 's gone . 
 he sent her away . '' 
 `` do you mean horne ? 
 where did he send her ? '' 
 aimee shook her head against the pillow . 
 `` he would n't tell me , sir , no matter how much i begged . '' 
 `` i 'm going to find her , '' i said . 
 aimee 's eyes remained hopeless . 
 i suddenly hated josiah horne with all my strength . 
 i no longer gave a damn who had killed him , and i raged at them all -- the nervous bremer , the oblivious john , the self-righteous hetty . 
 they 'd known their master for what he was , they 'd known of jane and aimee , and yet they stayed and said nothing , silently consenting to what he did . 
 `` i 've sent for alice , '' i said . 
 `` do you remember alice , the thorntons ' maid ? 
 i will stay until she comes . '' 
 aimee nodded faintly and closed her eyes . 
 i rose , trembling with anger and helpless frustration . 
 hetty looked up , but i said nothing to her as i let myself out of the room , closing the door on the ruined creature on the bed . 
 *** *** *** i searched for bremer again and found him in the servants ' hall . 
 he 'd moved to the long table and held a tumbler of clear liquid between his shaking hands . 
 his eyes had lost focus . 
 `` i 've never seen the like in all my days . '' 
 i had seen worse in the army , acts of atrocity not always committed by the enemy , but i did not tell him so . 
 i sat down next to bremer , noting that the room boasted a comfortable fire and a sofa under the window . 
 i 'd discovered what horne had spent his money on -- high wages and comfortable furnishings for servants who would stay with him no matter what crimes he committed . 
 `` the girl i found in the wardrobe , '' i said . 
 `` you know who she is . '' 
 bremer exhaled a volume of gin-scented breath . 
 `` she 's nobody , sir . 
 just a maid . '' 
 i resisted the urge to shove him off the chair . 
 `` when her mistress left , she stayed behind . 
 how long ago did the other girl , lily , leave ? '' 
 bremer searched for inspiration in his glass . 
 `` three weeks gone now . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` three weeks ? 
 how could john and hetty not know that aimee had n't left with her mistress ? 
 aimee had to eat , to sleep somewhere . 
 are you claiming that half the household did not know your master kept aimee here for three weeks ? '' 
 bremer shrugged . 
 `` he had her in an upstairs room , where no one is allowed to go but me . '' 
 `` and grace . '' 
 `` and grace . 
 mr. horne had to have someone see to her , did n't he ? 
 so grace brought her meals and cared for her . '' 
 `` and told no one ? 
 no whispering it to hetty or john , no games that she knew something they did not ? '' 
 `` indeed , no , sir . 
 grace knows her place . 
 he pays her extra wages . 
 and me . '' 
 `` the cook must have known , '' i said . 
 `` she would have to prepare meals . '' 
 bremer shook his head . 
 `` grace was sent out for her meals , and took them up to her . 
 and the door to her room was always locked , and only i and mr. horne had the keys . '' 
 damn the man . 
 i had been angry with hetty , but she truly had not known the extent of her master 's crimes . 
 bremer had openly helped him . 
 `` and aimee never raised an outcry ? 
 a healthy , young girl locked up in a room would make some noise . 
 she would bang on the door or shout out of the window . '' 
 `` mr. horne gave her opium to keep her quiet . '' 
 i sprang up , no longer able to sit . 
 here was bremer , warmed by a good fire with a thick carpet under his feet , drinking from a crystal tumbler , while a young woman was fed opium and beaten and raped . 
 `` why did horne send lily away ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , sir . '' 
 `` you do know , damn you . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` i think because he 'd got her belly-full . '' 
 i grabbed bremer 's tumbler from his hands and smashed it to the floor . 
 `` and you stood by . 
 you knew what he was and what he did , and you said nothing . 
 you did not tell the girl 's family , or the magistrates , or anyone . 
 you let him ruin a girl and her maid , right before your eyes . '' 
 bremer choked out , `` he paid good wages , sir . '' 
 i grabbed bremer by his coat and hauled him onto the fine veneer of the table . 
 `` damn your wages . 
 he destroyed an entire family . 
 i hope you murdered him , because it would prove you had one ounce of human feeling in you . '' 
 `` i did n't , '' he gasped . 
 `` i did n't . '' 
 `` but you know who did . 
 you must . 
 you are the only one who knows everything about this household . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 pomeroy 's battlefield voice floated into the room accompanied by his heavy tread . 
 `` not much to see up there . 
 just one very dead cove minus his ballocks . 
 what are you doing , captain ? '' 
 i eased my hands from bremer 's coat , and the butler slumped back into the chair , eyes bulging . 
 `` just having a word with mr. bremer , '' i said . 
 `` oh , aye ? 
 i know how that usually plays out . 
 do n't break his neck yet , sir , i want to ask him some questions . 
 beginning with who was the girl in the wardrobe ? '' 
 bremer opened his mouth , but i glared him to silence . 
 `` she has nothing to do with this . 
 i am taking her home . '' 
 `` she the young lady you were looking for ? '' 
 pomeroy was always too tenacious for his own good . 
 the constable looked on , his breathing shallow and rapid . 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` leave her alone . 
 she 's been through much . '' 
 `` all right , sir , if you like . 
 but she might have killed the gent upstairs . '' 
 `` unlikely . 
 the wardrobe was locked from the outside and her hands were tied . '' 
 pomeroy shrugged , as if such facts were mere inconveniences . 
 `` if she 's ill , she 'll not go far . 
 now then , sir , i want to talk to this butler before he 's completely trimmed . 
 i hope you wo n't take offense if i ask you to go . 
 your temper 's a bit wild , and he ca n't answer me if you break all his teeth . 
 thank you , sir . 
 i knew you were with me . '' 
 *** *** *** i did not want to wait in aimee 's room for alice , because i could n't bear to look again into those hopeless eyes . 
 i made my way to the kitchens , instead , which i found empty . 
 the boy , henry , was still out , and there was no sign of john . 
 the cook stamped into the room . 
 she dumped a bag onto the flour-strewn kitchen table and began to pile things in it -- knives , towels , spoons . 
 she was a handsome woman , tall , large boned , and ample chested , a woman i might have found attractive in another circumstance . 
 now her brow was clouded in high indignation , and her lips trembled . 
 `` such goings-on in this house , '' she snapped . 
 `` i never heard the like . '' 
 i leaned against the dresser and folded my arms . 
 `` i assume bremer or john told you about aimee . 
 did you know she had n't gone ? '' 
 `` well , how could i ? 
 i work down here all day and all night , do n't i ? 
 making his meals and baking his bread . '' 
 she swept an angry arm across the table and flung abandoned dough and flour onto the flagstone floor . 
 `` and grace helping him like his abbess . 
 i gave her the sack , i can tell you . '' 
 i had wondered where grace had disappeared to . 
 `` what about john ? 
 where is he ? '' 
 she thrust a handful of towels into the bag . 
 `` how should i know ? 
 with his mates at the public house , i expect , filling their ears with the tale . 
 well , no more for me , thank you very much . 
 i 'm off to stay with my brother and his wife . 
 they have an inn on the hampstead road , and she 's got her hands full because he was always a shiftless lout . '' 
 `` the constable will want to speak to you before you go . '' 
 `` well , i do n't want to speak to him . 
 here i am in this kitchen all the day long , cooking dainties to please the master 's delicate appetite . 
 the dishes i created for him and him alone . 
 he would come down those stairs some nights and thank me , smiling so friendly-like , and take my hand ... '' she stopped . 
 `` and now there 's rioting outside the house one day , and murder inside the next . '' 
 she picked up the bag , which clanked . 
 `` i 'll have no more of it . 
 good evening to you , sir . '' 
 she marched past me , lips firm , head high , and out through the scullery . 
 after a moment , i saw her climb the steps outside , gray skirt swirling to reveal shapely ankles and stout shoes . 
 i knew i ought to go after her , to escort her somewhere safely at least . 
 a young woman walking alone , no matter how robust , in london , had much to fear . 
 but somehow i sensed that any would-be assailant would get the worse end of the bargain in an encounter with her tonight . 
 no , i left her , i left bremer sobbing in the servants ' hall under the onslaught of pomeroy 's questioning , and i left that house . 
 outside , fog rolled over me , thick and clammy , but i inhaled as if i stood in a fragrant spring night of portugal . 
 i leaned against the railings and let the rain beat on me , and was still there when alice came , worry and relief on her work-worn face , to take aimee home . 
 *** *** *** grenville 's carriage stood at the head of grimpen lane when i arrived home , coach lights throwing a sickly yellow swirl into the fog and rain . 
 despite the weather , my neighbors had turned out to ogle it and the fine horses that pulled it , but the sight did nothing to relieve my temper . 
 grenville sat in the same worn wing chair louisa had occupied the night before , with something crumbly and bready in his hands . 
 he had stoked the fire high and the room hung with heat . 
 `` ah , lacey , '' he said as i entered . 
 `` your mrs. beltan does a fine crumpet . 
 i 'd have her supply my house entirely , but my chef would never speak to me again . 
 thinks he 's a genius with pastry . '' 
 he peered at me . 
 `` good lord , lacey , what happened ? '' 
 i was soaked through , and my face must have been grim as an undertaker 's . 
 i moved to my bedroom and began peeling off my clothes . 
 i heard grenville rise and follow me . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` ask mrs. beltan to bring me some hot water , '' i said and slammed the door in his face . 
 * * * * * chapter nine i soaked in the steaming water for half an hour as the heat slowly leached into me . 
 i heard grenville and mrs. beltan in my front room , discussing me . 
 `` he gets like this sometimes , '' she confided . 
 `` wo n't speak to a soul . 
 i 've seen him take to his bed two days at a time , and not even look at me when i come to see if he 's all right . 
 melancholia , they call it . '' 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 `` nothing , sir . 
 i make sure he 's well and leave him be . 
 he comes out of it on his own and goes on right as rain . '' 
 i let them talk , although i could have told mrs. beltan that my mood did not stem from melancholia . 
 rather , i wanted to wash the evil of number 22 , hanover square from my skin . 
 i knew evil existed in the world . 
 i had seen men , fire in their eyes , thrust bayonets through other men they did not even know . 
 i had seen scavengers swarm battlefields to take everything from the fallen , even the coats on their backs . 
 i 'd seen such a scavenger put a gun to the head of a soldier , who might have lived with a small amount of help , and pull the trigger , all so that the murderer might steal his boots . 
 but never had i felt the clinging , clammy evil of horne 's household , the gruesome secrets that hid behind a mask of respectability . 
 at least the evils of war had been committed in the open . 
 the gray shadows of my bedchamber chased each other over the carved posts of my bed as the day died and the water warmed me . 
 the wooden flowers and leaves became eyes and mouths , open and round . 
 i rose from the bath , dried myself , and dressed . 
 grenville was alone again when i emerged . 
 `` horne is dead , '' i said before he could speak . 
 `` someone murdered him . '' 
 grenville stared at me in open-mouthed astonishment . 
 `` good god . 
 you did n't -- lacey , you did n't -- kill him yourself , did you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i only wanted to . '' 
 i told him everything . 
 we sat in the darkening room , the firelight 's shadows on the curved beams rendering the room a cavern of hell . 
 i had n't wanted to talk about horne 's murder at all , but the words came out of me , forced out as though another entity moved my mouth . 
 `` no wonder you looked like you 'd been wrestling the devil , '' grenville said when i 'd finished . 
 `` did pomeroy make an arrest ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i did n't ask him . '' 
 `` what about aimee ? 
 did she hear anything when she was inside the wardrobe ? '' 
 i sighed , suddenly tired . 
 `` i did n't ask her . 
 i wanted to leave her alone . 
 i 'm rather more interested in the fate of jane thornton than with horne 's murderer . '' 
 grenville touched his fingertips together . 
 `` they might be connected . 
 you say denis visited that day ? '' 
 `` according to the maid . '' 
 `` odd , because he rarely visits anyone . 
 one goes to him . 
 only with his permission . '' 
 i shrugged , not caring very much . 
 `` a puzzle , '' grenville said . 
 `` what about the butler -- bremer ? 
 perhaps he had grown disgusted with his master and decided to stick a knife into him . '' 
 `` i would swear his shock when we found the body was genuine . 
 but any of them had time and opportunity to murder him . 
 with only five of them to look after so large a house , each of them would have been alone for some stretch of time during the day . 
 i did n't speak to the valet , because it was his day out . '' 
 grenville pursed his lips . 
 `` perhaps he returned , killed horne , and left again . '' 
 `` i suppose he must have a key . 
 i imagine pomeroy has asked questions about him . 
 he 's usually thorough . '' 
 ploddingly , ruthlessly so . 
 pomeroy had hounded more than one poor soul to the gallows -- guilty and innocent alike . 
 `` what about the other maid ? 
 grace ? '' 
 `` i did n't speak to her either . 
 the cook had sent her off . '' 
 he started to say something more , then stopped and stared at me . 
 `` i sense a lack of interest in you , lacey . 
 or perhaps you believe horne deserved what he got . '' 
 `` no one deserves what was done to him . '' 
 `` you say that out loud . 
 but do you feel it in your heart ? '' 
 i did not answer . 
 grenville tapped the arm of the chair . 
 `` well , i 'll not press you . 
 the reason i presumed to call on you today is because i received an answer to one of your advertisements . '' 
 he reached into his pocket and plucked out a letter . 
 i came alert . 
 we had agreed that inquiries should be sent to the newspaper itself , but i had been too stunned by horne 's death and finding aimee to stop for the letters tonight . 
 `` someone has found jane thornton ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the letter is from a man called beauchamp , who lives in hampstead . 
 he saw the notices and the advertisement , and wrote to say a young lady from his household had also disappeared in mysterious circumstances . '' 
 i sat back . 
 `` which may have nothing to do with jane . '' 
 `` possibly not . 
 but i would like to look into it . 
 it seems a cousin of his wife 's came to live with them a year ago . 
 her family is from somerset . 
 when her parents died , she had no living relatives but the beauchamps , and she went to hampstead to live with them . 
 about two months ago , she left the house and never returned . '' 
 `` about the same time jane thornton disappeared . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 the two incidents may not be connected , but then again , they might . 
 this young woman , charlotte morrison , is about ten years older than jane . '' 
 `` denis might have procured her as well . '' 
 grenville threw me a look . 
 `` might , lacey . 
 might . 
 we should gather facts . 
 are you well enough to go to hampstead with me ? '' 
 i did not have the energy to light a candle , let alone be dragged to hampstead . 
 but grenville was ready to run there himself and probably frighten the life out of the worried family . 
 `` you do n't have to go . 
 i can call on them alone . '' 
 `` i 'd rather go . 
 i am damned curious . 
 or do you think they 'd be intimidated to have lucius grenville pay them a visit ? '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` they have probably never heard of you . '' 
 grenville looked affronted , then he smiled . 
 `` touche . 
 you pay the call , and i 'll follow along as an anonymous gentleman . '' 
 i studied the fire , not answering . 
 grenville waited , and i sensed his impatience . 
 i looked up to find his dark eyes upon me and something in them that had lost friendliness . 
 `` very well , '' i said . 
 `` let us journey to hampstead . '' 
 *** *** *** after grenville left me , i let the fire die down . 
 he 'd stoked it with at least a week 's supply of coal , with the zeal of a man who never had to think about the cost of fuel . 
 i sat in the wing chair he 'd vacated and let my hands fall limply over the sides . 
 i sensed melancholia , black , menacing , and watching , start to creep over me . 
 i closed my eyes and willed it away . 
 when it struck me , it often laid me abed for days , rendering me unable to move or eat . 
 but i needed all my faculties at the moment . 
 jane thornton was still missing , perhaps in danger , and i wanted to find her . 
 i could give in to despair after that . 
 the murderer had cheated me out of throttling the whereabouts of jane from horne 's throat . 
 but the butler , bremer , must know , or grace , the maid . 
 they were the only ones allowed to wait on the two girls , and a man could hardly spirit away one young woman and hide another without the help of his butler , valet , or coachman . 
 pomeroy would bully most of the information out of bremer , but i still wanted a go at the spindly butler . 
 pomeroy would not know the right questions to ask . 
 i 'd lost my temper today , but i 'd get bremer in my hands again and interrogate him coldly . 
 he had to know something . 
 the valet was another matter . 
 i would wait until pomeroy tracked down the valet -- which he would -- then ask the man pointed questions . 
 grenville was right when he 'd commented that the valet could very well have let himself into the house , slain his master , then let himself out again , without the other servants seeing him . 
 he 'd know who was likely to be where in the house , and perhaps he had been disgusted by horne 's proclivities . 
 or perhaps he 'd been jealous and wanted jane or aimee for himself . 
 or perhaps the murder had nothing to do with jane and aimee whatsoever . 
 someone knocked on my door , making my head throb with each rap . 
 only one person would think to pound on my door so late . 
 i called out , `` go away , marianne . 
 i do n't have any candles to spare . '' 
 this was met with silence . 
 usually marianne would make foul remarks about my stinginess and enter anyway . 
 the knock did not sound again . 
 i supposed i should rise and see whether anyone stood on the stairs beyond the door , but i did not have the strength . 
 the handle moved , and the door swung open . 
 janet clarke stood on my threshold . 
 the strength returned to my limbs in a rush . 
 i was out of the chair and halfway across the room before she could step inside . 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` hello , my dear old lad . '' 
 * * * * * chapter ten i caught janet 's hands and more or less dragged her inside . 
 she drew a breath to speak , but i gathered her against me and held her in a crushing embrace . 
 i had no idea whether she 'd come to speak to me , or to say good-bye , or to talk over old times , but for that instant i needed her as she was , needed her to take me to the past where i 'd been , for a brief moment , happy . 
 janet raised her face from my shoulder . 
 her hair was mussed and her cheeks were flushed , but she still smiled . 
 `` that happy to see me , are you ? '' 
 i said hoarsely , `` yes . '' 
 she straightened the lapels of my coat . 
 `` then i am glad i asked mrs. brandon for your direction . 
 she was very gracious . '' 
 i smoothed janet 's hair . 
 i had no right at all to hold her like this , to touch her , but i somehow could not let go . 
 `` mrs. brandon is always gracious . '' 
 `` she told me about your injury . 
 it hurts you , does it not ? '' 
 `` the break never healed properly , but if i take care , it does n't pain me too much . '' 
 janet slid from my grasp and took a step back , looking at me with a critical eye . 
 `` i do n't mean that . 
 i was remembering the night i took ill and nothing would comfort me but coffee . 
 you searched all over camp for some , and it was raining so hard i thought the sky would come down . 
 you sprinted through the rain , holding that packet of coffee under your coat as though it were the most precious gold . 
 i 've never seen a man run so fast in all my life . 
 but you did it , and you laughed . 
 someone took that liveliness away from you . '' 
 she touched the hair at my temple . 
 `` nor was this gray here when we parted . '' 
 `` i was not an old man then . '' 
 janet sat down on one of my straight-backed chairs , lacing her fingers . 
 `` you 'd had better start telling me that story , if it 's so long . '' 
 i sat in the chair facing hers . 
 i stared at the flames on my hearth for a few moments , while i decided what to tell her . 
 in the end , most of it came out of me . 
 i told her of the cold morning that brandon and i had met each other with pistols drawn , until louisa and several other officers from our regiment had persuaded us to settle our differences and shake hands . 
 i 'd thought the matter finished with , even if the topic of our falling out remained uncomfortable , and then had come brandon 's betrayal . 
 i told her of the mission he 'd sent me on , never meaning for me to return , glossing over our decision to leave the army behind to avoid disgracing ourselves , louisa , or the regiment . 
 when i 'd finished , i sat silently , as bereft as i 'd been the day i 'd left spain to return to england . 
 i made to smooth my damp hair and saw that my fingers trembled . 
 janet reached across the space between us and caught my hand . 
 `` and what do you do now ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` very little . '' 
 `` colonel brandon ought to help you . 
 he ought to find you a proper job . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he tries hard to pretend nothing ever happened . '' 
 her eyes glowed with anger . 
 `` you always told me how he was like a father to you , or a brother . 
 your years together should count for something . '' 
 `` it is difficult for some to acknowledge a mistake . '' 
 her face softened . 
 `` oh , gabriel . 
 and you love him enough to let him do it . '' 
 she was wrong . 
 i hated him . 
 he had taken things from me , and i would not easily forgive him . 
 my anger must have shown on my face , because janet squeezed my hand . 
 `` i 'll not press you . 
 you were always one for not knowing your own heart . '' 
 `` you do n't think so ? '' 
 her brown eyes twinkled . 
 `` no , my lad , i do not . 
 you have honor and duty and love all mixed up in that head of yours . 
 that 's why i 'm so fond of you . '' 
 i leaned forward and touched her face . 
 `` and i am fond of you , because you are not afraid of the truth . '' 
 `` i am sometimes . 
 everyone is . '' 
 we shared a look . 
 a thump sounded upstairs , as though marianne had dropped something to the floor . 
 a few flakes of plaster wisped down and settled on janet 's hair . 
 `` you have not told me your story , '' i said . 
 `` what happened to you after i sent you off with my smitten lieutenant ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` your smitten lieutenant was a perfect gentleman . 
 he only made three or four propositions and took it well when i turned him down . '' 
 `` poor fellow . '' 
 `` not a bit . 
 we parted as friends when we reached england . 
 i went to cambridge and stayed with my sister until we buried her . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i met a gentleman there . '' 
 `` mr. clarke , '' i said . 
 `` he was my sister 's neighbor . 
 a kindly man . 
 he succumbed to influenza three years gone now . '' 
 i suddenly felt shame for wallowing in my own self-pity , and pure compassion for her . 
 janet ever found herself alone . 
 `` i am sorry . '' 
 her eyes softened . 
 `` he was kind to me to the end . 
 he left enough for me to get by . 
 and i have friends . '' 
 `` like sergeant-major foster ? '' 
 `` i speak to him from time to time . 
 he frequents a public house near the haymarket , where i buy my ale . '' 
 `` he is a good man , '' i said . 
 `` and a good sergeant . '' 
 the room went silent . 
 wind groaned in my chimney , and upstairs , marianne dropped something else . 
 janet rose and came to me . 
 her cotton gown smelled of soap and clean things . 
 `` i remember the first time i saw you . 
 you were ready to murder those soldiers for playing cards for me . '' 
 `` they had no right to . '' 
 `` you had no right to break up the game before i found out who won . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 she leaned down and brushed my lips with hers . 
 i put my arms around her waist . 
 my mouth remembered hers , my hands remembered her body , and we came together as though the seven years between this kiss and our last had only been seven days . 
 i took her to my cold bedroom and stoked the fire there , putting to flight my plan of conserving the rest of that week 's coal . 
 we sat on the bed and touched and kissed each other , our hands and mouths discovering again what we had once known so well . 
 i eased the hooks of her dress and chemise apart and slid my hands to her bare torso . 
 she nuzzled my cheek , and my desire stirred , pressing aside my darkness . 
 not long later , we lay tangled together in the firelight that spilled across the bed , the heat warming our skin . 
 my senses embraced her -- the smell of her hair , the sound of her breathing , the press of her body , the remembered taste of her mouth . 
 i had n't known how much i needed her . 
 i lay for a long time in her arms , managing to at last find a small bit of peace in that stark bedroom in the april night . 
 *** *** *** the beauchamps occupied a small house in a lane not far from hampstead heath , in a quiet turning with brick houses and tiny gardens . 
 the afternoon sky was leaden as we approached , but a steady breeze kept mists from forming . 
 the sweet sounds of a pianoforte drifted from the right-hand window as grenville and i approached and cut off when i plied the knocker to the black-painted door . 
 a middle-aged man in butler 's kit opened the door and stared at me inquiringly . 
 i gave him my card . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 a woman , small and plump like the marsh thrushes from my corner of east anglia , hovered on the threshold to the room with the pianoforte . 
 the butler held the card close to his eyes . 
 `` captain gabriel lacey , madam . '' 
 she looked blank . 
 grenville fished the letter from his pocket and held it up . 
 `` we 've come in answer to your husband 's letter . 
 about miss morrison . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she peered at both of us in turn . 
 `` oh dear . 
 cavendish , go and fetch mr. beauchamp . 
 tell him to come to the music room . 
 would you follow me , please , gentlemen ? '' 
 i limped after her to the music room , which was dominated by the pianoforte . 
 a violin and bow lay on a sofa , and sheets of music littered the floor , the tables , the top of the pianoforte . 
 `` please sit . 
 my husband will be here directly . 
 i knew he 'd written you , but i did not expect an answer so soon . '' 
 i moved aside a handwritten sheet of musical notes , with `` prelude in d ; johann christian bach , '' scribbled across the top . 
 `` we were anxious to speak with you , '' grenville said as he sat on a divan and smoothed his elegant trousers . 
 `` so we thought it best to come right away . '' 
 i eyed him askance but said nothing . 
 mrs. beauchamp hastened to me and took away the violin and sheets of music . 
 `` i beg your pardon . 
 we are a very musical family , as you can see . '' 
 `` i heard you play as we arrived , '' i said . 
 `` you have much skill . '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` it does for us . 
 charlotte -- miss morrison -- plays a beautiful harp . 
 many 's the night we had a trio here , with me on the pianoforte , mr. beauchamp on the violin , and charlotte there . '' 
 she glanced at an upright harp covered with a dust cloth . 
 her face paled , and she bit her lip and turned away . 
 `` gentlemen . '' 
 mr. beauchamp stood on the threshold . 
 he was small and plump like his wife , putting me in mind of two partridges in their nest . 
 he went to mrs. beauchamp and dropped a kiss on her raised cheek then held his hand out to me . 
 both beauchamps were past middle age , but beauty still lingered in the lines of mrs. beauchamp 's face , and mr. beauchamp 's eyes held the fire of a man not docile . 
 `` you received my letter , '' beauchamp said without preliminary . 
 he drew a chair halfway between me and the pianoforte and sat . 
 `` i saw that you were looking for another young lady , and thought you could help us . '' 
 grenville folded his hands and took on the look of an examining magistrate . 
 `` we are helping a family whose daughter has disappeared . 
 she vanished in london under mysterious circumstances . 
 your letter hinted that your cousin , miss morrison , has also vanished mysteriously . '' 
 `` she has that , '' mrs. beauchamp said . 
 her plump face held distress . 
 `` she went off to the market , a basket on her arm , and never came back . '' 
 `` when was this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` two months ago . 
 on the twentieth of february . 
 we made a search when she did not come home that night . 
 we asked and asked . 
 no one had seen her after she left our house . 
 no one knew anything . '' 
 her eyes filled with tears , and she blinked them away . 
 `` there was no question of an accident ? 
 or that she 'd gone to meet someone ? '' 
 `` what are you implying , sir ? '' 
 beauchamp growled . 
 `` i imply nothing . 
 she might have arranged to meet a friend , and perhaps something befell her when she went to that meeting . '' 
 `` she would have told me , '' mrs. beauchamp said . 
 `` she would have spoken of an appointment if she 'd had one . 
 no matter what . '' 
 `` she did not know many around hampstead , '' beauchamp put in . 
 `` she had been here a year , you said in your letter . 
 she had no friends here ? '' 
 `` she had us . '' 
 i subsided . 
 i 'd angered them , and i did not know why . 
 grenville broke in smoothly . 
 `` she came from somerset , correct ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp seemed eager to talk , though her husband relapsed into glowering silence . 
 charlotte morrison had lived in somerset all her life . 
 two years before , her aging parents had both fallen ill , and she 'd nursed them until they died . 
 she 'd corresponded with the beauchamps regularly , and when charlotte found herself alone , mrs. beauchamp proposed she travel to hampstead and live with them . 
 charlotte had complied and arrived shortly after . 
 she had seemed content with life here . 
 she wrote often to friends in somerset and was a quiet girl with polite manners . 
 i digested this in silence and growing frustration . 
 charlotte had known no one , had met no one , and yet , one afternoon , she 'd vanished into the mists . 
 i did not even have a coachman to question , or a mr. horne to pursue . 
 she had simply walked away . 
 `` did you advertise ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` to be sure , we did , '' mrs. beauchamp said . 
 `` and offered a reward . 
 we heard nothing . '' 
 `` then why do you suppose we can help you ? '' 
 beauchamp stirred . 
 `` because we both want the same thing . 
 to find a missing young lady . 
 perhaps the two are connected , and if we find the one , we 'll find the other . '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 `` i will do anything to bring charlotte back , '' he said . 
 `` she belongs here . '' 
 his wife nodded . 
 `` there was no question of her returning to somerset ? '' 
 grenville asked . 
 `` why should she return to somerset ? '' 
 beauchamp demanded . 
 `` this is her home now . '' 
 `` she might have taken a whim to go there , visit her old friends , '' grenville said . 
 `` i tell you , she would have told us , not walked away , '' beauchamp said . 
 `` why do you question her character ? 
 someone took her from us and that is that . '' 
 grenville lifted his hands . 
 `` i beg your pardon . 
 i did not mean to upset you . 
 i am trying to establish possibilities . 
 if you assure me that charlotte would not have left of her own accord , i will believe you . '' 
 i was not as sanguine , but i said nothing . 
 mrs. beauchamp looked pensive . 
 `` there was something odd . '' 
 her husband scowled . 
 `` odd ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 i know of nothing odd . '' 
 `` a week or two before , she -- well , she seemed to fade a little . 
 i can not be more forthcoming than that , because i did not notice it at the time . 
 but several times she started to tell me something , something she was worried about , but she would stop herself and change the subject . '' 
 `` it probably had nothing to do with her disappearance , '' beauchamp said . 
 `` nothing at all . '' 
 his face was red , his eyes glittering . 
 `` she missed somerset , though , '' mrs. beauchamp said . 
 `` she loved it . 
 her letters to us before she came here were filled with the delights of it . '' 
 `` she would not have gone there without telling us . '' 
 his wife subsided . 
 `` no . '' 
 grenville broke in . 
 `` we do need to prepare you . 
 the other girl we are looking for was abducted , we believe , by a man called horne . '' 
 `` or denis , '' i put in . 
 grenville shot me a warning look . 
 both beauchamps remained blank . 
 `` i have not heard either name , '' beauchamp said . 
 `` but we are not much in london . 
 who are these gentlemen ? '' 
 `` mr. horne lived in hanover square , '' grenville said . 
 `` he had our young lady in his keeping for a time , and we are trying to discover what became of her . 
 miss morrison 's fate might be similar . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp bowed her head . 
 `` i thought of that -- that she might be ruined . 
 but i only want her back . 
 i only want her safe . '' 
 beauchamp regarded his wife a moment , his face unreadable . 
 `` my wife and i were never blessed with children . 
 we quite looked upon charlotte as our daughter . 
 no man could be prouder of his own offspring . '' 
 `` or woman . '' 
 tears stood in mrs. beauchamp 's eyes . 
 i felt like a fraud . 
 i had no help to give . 
 `` the letters she wrote , '' i said . 
 `` would you permit me to read them ? '' 
 mrs. beauchamp looked up , hope lighting her face . 
 `` indeed , yes , captain . 
 she wrote beautiful letters . 
 she was a dear , sweet girl . '' 
 beauchamp was n't as happy . 
 `` what good will it do to read her letters ? 
 she made no indication in them that she wanted to leave us . '' 
 `` she might have met someone that she wrote about , might have known someone in somerset , someone she might have gone away with . '' 
 `` i tell you , there was no one . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp rose . 
 `` no , i want him to read the letters . 
 so he 'll understand what she was like . 
 and he might see something we missed . 
 we do n't know that . '' 
 she passed me in a swish of skirts and a waft of old-fashioned soap as grenville and i got politely to our feet . 
 mr. beauchamp also rose , but he crossed to the window and stood with his back to us . 
 beyond him , the rain dripped down the gray windows . 
 i said , `` i will do everything in my power to discover what happened to miss morrison . '' 
 beauchamp turned , his stance dejected . 
 `` i will not lie to you , captain . 
 writing to you was my wife 's idea . 
 she holds out too much hope . 
 she will not even voice the possibility that charlotte is lost to us forever , as i believe her to be . '' 
 `` dead , do you mean ? '' 
 i asked gently . 
 `` yes . 
 because she would have written to us , otherwise . 
 we are her only family . 
 why would she go away ? 
 she would have explained . '' 
 tears hovered in his eyes . 
 i wondered very much what he had truly felt for charlotte -- the love of a father ? 
 or something else ? 
 and did he even realize it himself ? 
 mrs. beauchamp fluttered into the room and thrust a lacquered wooden box at me . 
 `` i 've kept all the letters she 'd written me in the year before she came to us . 
 she also copied out a few that she sent to a friend in somerset since then . 
 read them , captain . 
 you will come to know her through them . '' 
 i took the box . 
 `` i will return them to you as soon as i can . '' 
 `` take all the time you like . 
 i ask only that you do not lose them . 
 they are dear to me . '' 
 `` i will take very good care of them , '' i promised . 
 they hovered , but i knew that the interview was over . 
 `` thank you for seeing us , '' i said , then grenville and i bowed and took our leave . 
 as we rode away in grenville 's carriage , the box tucked beside me , i looked back . 
 mr. and mrs. beauchamp stood at the wide ground-floor window , watching us depart . 
 *** *** *** we spent the night in hampstead . 
 while we 'd talked with the beauchamps , the rain had increased , until black water fell around us and cold rose from the heath . 
 it was grenville 's idea to find a public house to stay the rest of the evening and drive leisurely back to london the next day . 
 i 'd thought the public house would be too rustic for the wealthy lucius grenville , but he laughed and said that he 'd slept in some places in the wilds of canada that made hampstead positively palatial . 
 he obtained private rooms at the top of the public house that proved snug . 
 a sitting room in the middle opened to a bedroom at either side , luxurious accommodations by my standards . 
 the publican 's wife , a cheerful , thin woman , trundled us a supper of roasted chicken , thick soup , greens , cream , and bread . 
 after the penetrating damp outside , we both fell upon it heartily . 
 the publican 's wife lingered , inclined to talk . 
 `` i 'm afraid it 's only the leavings and the soup from yesterday 's beef and vegetables , but it will fill the stomach . 
 i know gentlemen are used to much finer , but you wo n't get better in hampstead . '' 
 `` madam , it is admirable , '' grenville said around a mouthful of chicken . 
 she gave him a modest look . 
 `` you 'll have fresh eggs in the morning . 
 i suppose you gentlemen are from london , then ? '' 
 we replied in the affirmative . 
 `` journalists , are you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` have you come about our murder ? '' 
 * * * * * chapter eleven i nearly choked on my soup . 
 i coughed and pressed my handkerchief to my mouth then hastily seized my glass of stout . 
 grenville finished chewing and swallowing without expression . 
 `` we know nothing of a murder . 
 it happened here ? '' 
 `` oh , aye , they found her off in the woods , torn to bits , poor lamb . '' 
 `` when did this happen ? '' 
 grenville asked . 
 the woman leaned on the table , her eyes bright in her bone-thin face . 
 `` a week or more , now . 
 maybe two weeks . 
 i do n't remember . 
 that 's when they found her . 
 one of the blacksmith 's lads , he had gone to do a spot of fishing . 
 did n't half give him a turn . '' 
 `` who was she ? '' 
 `` that was the funny thing , sir . 
 they did n't know at first . 
 turns out she 's kitchen maid up at lord sommerville 's big house . 
 she 'd gone missing sometime back . 
 near two months . '' 
 `` they were certain she was the kitchen maid ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked at me in surprise . 
 `` oh , yes , sir . 
 her brother came from london and said it was her . '' 
 i sat back , wondering if we 'd just discovered the whereabouts of charlotte morrison , even in spite of the brother 's identification . 
 if she 'd been torn to bits , he might not have been able to recognize her . 
 the publican 's wife chattered on , leaning on her hands until white ridges appeared on the sides of her palms . 
 `` she 'd been dead a long time , they said . 
 i did n't go to the inquest , but my husband , he 's always one for gossip . 
 he went out of interest . 
 whole village did . 
 poor thing had lain there nigh on two months . 
 not much left of her . '' 
 `` why did they think it was murder then ? '' 
 grenville asked . 
 `` she might have taken ill , or fallen , or some such thing . '' 
 the woman pointed at the nape of her own neck . 
 `` the back of her head was bashed in . 
 they said she died of that , then was torn up and dragged out there to the woods . 
 i do n't know how they know these things meself . '' 
 `` lack of blood where they found her , '' i said woodenly . 
 `` truly , sir ? 
 it 's a bit gruesome , i say . 
 but we had a few journalists come . 
 not very many . '' 
 she sounded disappointed . 
 `` did they discover who did the murder ? '' 
 grenville asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` and it does give one a shiver of nights , knowing that went on not two miles from your own house . 
 no , the girl 's young man was in london when she ran away , and he can prove it . 
 she 'd probably run off with some other man what promised her money or jewels or such nonsense . 
 lured her away and killed her . 
 we 've been on the lookout for strange young men since then , but we 've not seen a one . '' 
 grenville oozed sympathy . 
 `` it must have been a frightening thing to happen . '' 
 `` it does make one think . 
 not much wrong with the poor girl but silliness . 
 she did n't deserve to be killed . 
 now then , gentleman , i 've kept you long enough with my talk . 
 you enjoy your supper , as little as it is . 
 i or matthew will bring breakfast in the morning . 
 we keep country hours here , so you gentlemen will want to be early to bed . '' 
 finished with her gossip , the publican 's wife clattered a few dirty plates onto a tray and departed with a rustle and a bang of the door . 
 grenville raised his brows . 
 `` i was half afraid for a moment that our errand was for naught . '' 
 i picked up my spoon . 
 `` i wonder if the girl was another victim of mr. denis . '' 
 `` it is possible , of course . 
 this soup , lacey , is almost excellent . 
 remind me to tell our lively-tongued hostess . 
 but remember , girls run away or are lured away all the time , though not all of them come to such a tragic fate . 
 either their families can give them nothing , or they 're told they ca n't have a luxurious life , and they ca n't resist seeing whether there is something more in the world for them . 
 james denis can not be responsible for them all . '' 
 i did n't answer as i sopped up my soup with the heel of the loaf . 
 perhaps grenville was right -- the girl had gone away with a predator who had murdered her . 
 the back of her head had been crushed , the publican 's wife had said . 
 i hoped she had not known death was coming . 
 my heart burned for her , as it did for jane thornton . 
 i wondered savagely why civilized england was so much more dangerous for a young girl than the battlefields of the peninsula had been for soldiers like me . 
 *** *** *** i took charlotte morrison 's letters to my bedchamber with me , and lay under the cozy quilt with bricks to warm my feet , and read them . 
 i laid them out chronologically , and read through the last two years of charlotte 's life . 
 it seemed she 'd been happy in somerset , content with domestic life and her small circle of friends . 
 she described her journeys to the moorlands and to wales in poetic terms , painting a picture of the wild lands that was both beautiful and stark . 
 she had been worried for her ill parents and anxious to give them every comfort . 
 she expressed concern for what would happen to her once they died , but without complaining . 
 the curate , she said , had taken some interest in her , but a subsequent letter explained it had come to naught . 
 the curate felt himself too poor to take a wife . 
 charlotte wrote with sorrow of her parents ' death , then with anticipation of moving to her new home in hampstead . 
 she spoke of closing up the house , selling the livestock , and preparing for her journey . 
 the letters ended in the april of the previous year . 
 after that were copies of a half dozen letters to a miss geraldine frazier in somerset . 
 charlotte described her arrival in hampstead , her gratitude to the beauchamps . 
 she seemed to like hampstead , though she missed the remoteness of somerset . 
 `` it is never possible to be truly alone , here . 
 always there are carriages and horses in the streets , and families from london who come to picnic on the heath of a sunday . 
 but the woods and hills are pretty , and my cousins and i take many walks . 
 they are kind people . '' 
 two letters , one from november and one from january , interested me . 
 in them , charlotte said something curious : `` pray disregard the incident i wrote to you of before , and please do not write me of it ! 
 it may be all my fancy , and i do not wish to slander . 
 they say that looking into the eyes bares the soul , but when i do so , i am only confused . 
 i can not tell what is what , or the difference between what i imagine and what is real . '' 
 i searched the previous letters again for any mention of a curious or sinister incident , but if she had described such a thing , she had not copied out the letter that contained it . 
 the next letter , dated january of that year , reintroduced the theme : `` i wake in the night , afraid . 
 perhaps some step jars my sleep , or perhaps it is fancy , but my heart beats hard , and it is a long time before i drift off again . 
 no , please do not worry , and do not write of it ; my cousin would think it odd if i did not share your letters . '' 
 she said nothing more on the subject . 
 the january letter was the last . 
 i read them through again , wondering whether i 'd missed something , but i found nothing else . 
 i folded the letters into the lacquer box and laid them on the bedside table . 
 i wondered what had frightened charlotte and if it had anything to do with jane thornton . 
 had charlotte met someone she suspected had sinister designs on her ? 
 or was she only unused to living so near london ? 
 i wanted to speak to the friend she 'd written the letters to . 
 i 'd write to her , though i did not like the prospect of a journey to somerset . 
 it would be long and expensive and my leg already ached from the short excursion to hampstead . 
 it would also take time from my searching for jane thornton , and i feared that every day might be her last . 
 i put out my candles , lay back , and tried to sleep . 
 but the pain in my leg kept me awake , as did my thoughts . 
 i went over the publican 's wife 's tale of the murder of the girl in the woods . 
 why had she been killed ? 
 a quarrel with a lover ? 
 or had she seen something -- the abduction of charlotte morrison perhaps ? 
 sleep would not come . 
 i tried to still my thoughts by thinking of janet and loving her . 
 she had turned up exactly when i 'd needed her , and i greatly looked forward to seeing her again . 
 but visions of her face flitted from me and i could only remember horne in the pool of dried blood and aimee locked inside the cupboard with dark bruises on her face . 
 the quiet of the room irritated me . 
 i was used to city dwelling now , and even in the depths of portugal and spain , i had lived with the army , in noise and chaos and without privacy . 
 i tossed for a time under the blankets , then i gave in to my restlessness . 
 i rose , took up my candle , and padded to the sitting room . 
 the door to grenville 's bedchamber stood open . 
 i crossed to close it , not wanting to wake him with my restlessness . 
 i stopped . 
 grenville 's bed was empty . 
 the sheets lay smooth and undisturbed , turned down for the night by the chambermaid who had scuttled in as we finished our repast . 
 grenville had not slept there , and he was nowhere in sight . 
 *** *** *** i returned to bed , and despite my disquiet about where grenville had disappeared to and why , i slept again . 
 in the morning , he turned up for breakfast as though he had been there all along . 
 i nearly asked him where he had gone , but decided i would not pry . 
 i would pretend , as he did , that he had gone nowhere until he chose to tell me otherwise . 
 we decided that i would return the letters to the beauchamps myself , and grenville would ride to visit with lord sommerville before we departed for london . 
 grenville was acquainted with the elderly viscount and said he would drop a few questions about sommerville 's kitchen maid the publican 's wife had reported to us was found dead in the woods . 
 after breakfast the hostler 's boy hoisted me onto a mare grenville had hired . 
 i could still ride a horse , if it were an even-tempered beast and someone boosted me onto the bloody thing . 
 she was about seventeen hands , a bit larger than the horses i 'd charged about on in the cavalry . 
 for a country nag , her conformation was surprisingly fine , her gaits smooth . 
 her hocks bent and lifted with precision , and her eye was alert , her going , sound . 
 i had ridden fine horses in portugal and spain , but i 'd forced in myself a certain detachment to them . 
 horses died at three or four times the rate of men , and though i took care , i lost more than my heart cared to . 
 i 'd seen cavalry officers weep as their horses , wounded , thrashed furrows into the bloody ground , the stench of death and fear covering them . 
 more than once , i 'd shot the poor beasts for them , as the officers stood , helpless , rocking in grief and sorrow . 
 dead horses , mounded with crows , had littered the battlefields . 
 detachment , i 'd found , was best . 
 i turned the mare to the road that led to beauchamp 's modest house . 
 the clouds lowered and threatened rain again . 
 i nudged my horse into a faster trot , and pulled my hat down over my forehead as the first drops touched me . 
 my route led me through an open field , and the road dipped . 
 a young man rose up from the low hedge beside the road and grabbed my horse 's bridle . 
 the horse snorted and danced , and i slid halfway from the saddle . 
 `` what the devil -- ? '' 
 the youth abandoned the bridle , grabbed me by the arm , and yanked me from the saddle . 
 my stiff knee protested , and i landed hard on the packed earth . 
 my assailant came at me , arms wide . 
 i struggled upright and waited . 
 he lunged . 
 i tucked my body together , ducked to one side , and caught his outflung arm . 
 he was strong , heavy , young muscles determined , but he was inexperienced . 
 i jerked with my weight and flipped him neatly over onto his back . 
 he made a `` ha ! '' 
 noise as the air whooshed from his lungs , and he lay still a moment , like an insect on its back . 
 i sprinted the distance to the horse . 
 i knew i 'd never mount without assistance , so i snatched my walking stick from the saddle . 
 i yanked the sword from my cane just as two huge arms closed around me from behind and the lad half lifted me from my feet . 
 i swung my sword behind me in an arc and slapped him hard on the leg . 
 he yelped . 
 i slapped again . 
 his hold loosened . 
 i pulled my elbow close to my body and slammed it backward . 
 `` oop -- '' he gasped . 
 i slid from his slack grip , whirled , and faced him , my sword level with his heart . 
 `` odd place for a robbery , here on an open green in the middle of the day . '' 
 he did not answer . 
 his mouth opened and closed a few times , his face red with his returning breath . 
 his eyes held no belligerence , only surprise , as though he had not counted on a victim who would fight back . 
 the youth stared at my sword a moment then whirled and fled , straight for the horse . 
 `` damnation . '' 
 i limped after him as fast as i could . 
 the horse , as i 'd said , was an even-tempered beast who did not fear humans . 
 she shied a little as the big lad approached but allowed herself to be caught . 
 instead of mounting , the boy dug into the saddlebag , pulled out the lacquer box , released the horse , and ran from me across the green . 
 i cursed again , running and hobbling after him , my knee spreading white-hot pain up my spine . 
 i had told mrs. beauchamp i 'd take care of the letters , and now they moved farther and farther away in the beefy hands of an unknown boy . 
 `` lacey ! '' 
 i turned and saw grenville cantering toward me on his bay horse . 
 `` what happened ? 
 did you take a fall ? '' 
 `` go after him . '' 
 i pointed at the silhouette of the lad fast disappearing into the mist and rain . 
 `` hurry . 
 get the box from him . '' 
 grenville nodded curtly , wheeled his mount , and galloped away . 
 i caught my horse and led her in grenville 's wake . 
 dividing my weight between the walking stick and the mare , i was able to hobble along without hurting myself too badly , although the horse tried to take a bite out of my jacket from time to time . 
 i reached the top of a small rise and looked down the slope that slid smoothly to a gray pond , dull under the rain . 
 the lad made for it , grenville only a few strides behind . 
 a small black object arced from the young man 's hands and landed with a silent splash in the water . 
 the lad leapt from the bank into the water , and grenville 's mount danced backward from the fountain that erupted from the impact . 
 the boy swam the narrow distance to the other bank , pulled himself quickly out , and ran on . 
 `` grenville ! '' 
 i shouted through cupped hands . 
 `` get the box ! '' 
 grenville slid from his horse , then stopped among the reeds , his hands on his hips . 
 i ran forward , dropping my horse 's reins . 
 the box bobbed in the still water , not yet saturated enough to sink . 
 i slipped in the mud on the bank , and caught myself in time from falling in . 
 `` what the devil happened ? '' 
 grenville demanded . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i leaned out over the pond , extending my cane . 
 the box floated just beyond my reach . 
 `` hold on to me . '' 
 `` blast you , lacey , you 'll go in , and then i 'll have to fish you out . '' 
 `` do it ! '' 
 grenville looked at me in exasperation but nodded . 
 i lowered myself to my stomach in the mud . 
 grenville grasped my ankles while i inched toward the water . 
 the box floated , half-submerged and bobbing on the gray surface . 
 i thrust my walking stick toward it . 
 the handle slapped the water , and the box danced away . 
 i slithered forward , praying grenville had a good grip on my legs , and reached again . 
 i touched the box . 
 the end of the cane shook as i gingerly hooked the gold head of the stick on the edge . 
 i raked the box toward me . 
 it came , dragging on the surface , its top glistening with water . 
 when the box bumped the bank , i tossed my walking stick to the ground beside me , plunged my hands into the chill water , and dragged the box out . 
 water poured from the seams . 
 i rolled over , dislodging grenville 's hold , and squirmed to a sitting position on firmer ground . 
 i sat holding that damned box , my coat and breeches plastered with mud . 
 i turned the box around in my hands , depressed the catch that opened it , and stared in dismay at the sodden mess inside . 
 `` anything salvageable ? '' 
 grenville asked . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 i lifted a paper , gently separating it from the others . 
 peeling off his muddy gloves , grenville reached a long-fingered hand into the box and pried out another paper . 
 i related the tale of the young man 's surprise attack and his theft of the box . 
 grenville frowned . 
 `` notice that he threw the box into the pond . '' 
 i glared up from the wet paper in my hand . 
 `` yes , i had noticed . '' 
 `` i mean that if he were only afraid of being caught , he could have flung the box down and fled , or thrown it across the pond to pick up when he reached the other side . 
 but he deliberately chose to send it into the water . 
 as though he wanted to destroy the letters rather than risk you getting them back . '' 
 `` or he thought we 'd stop and try to retrieve it , giving him time to run away . 
 what would he want with charlotte morrison 's letters ? '' 
 `` what indeed ? '' 
 i glanced at him , but he had bent to the task at hand again . 
 grenville caught the horses while i patted the papers with my handkerchief and folded them carefully back into the box , now lined with grenville 's handkerchief . 
 grenville boosted me onto my horse , tucked the box back into the saddlebag , then mounted his own horse . 
 i could n't help looking warily into the scrub that lined the road as we turned onto it . 
 `` i doubt he 'll be back , '' grenville said . 
 `` he expected to pluck his pigeon easily , not be pummeled by you and chased by me . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i am sorry i missed the first part . '' 
 i did n't bother to answer . 
 i was cold and muddy and annoyed and my leg hurt like fury . 
 grenville , on the other hand , even in the rain , looked dry and elegant and ready to step into a drawing room . 
 we parted again at the crossroads , me to ride on to the beauchamps , grenville to continue to lord sommerville 's . 
 i had to explain to mrs. beauchamp what had happened to the letters . 
 she hugged the box to her chest as she listened , her brown eyes round . 
 `` whoever would want to steal charlotte 's letters ? '' 
 `` he may not have known the letters were inside , '' i said . 
 `` he saw a pretty box and thought it would contain something valuable . '' 
 i knew that was untrue . 
 the box had been out of sight , in the saddlebag . 
 the lad had deliberately looked for it . 
 `` i am so sorry , captain . 
 thank you for rescuing them . '' 
 `` i ought to have taken better care of them . '' 
 `` you can not blame yourself . '' 
 she wanted to be generous . 
 she gave me some hot tea laced with port and let me dry out near her fire . 
 she chatted to me of life in hampstead and of charlotte and their life together . 
 her husband waylaid me as i made my departure . 
 on the walk in front of the house , beauchamp seized my arm and looked up into my face , his dark eyes glinting . 
 `` did the letters help ? '' 
 `` that remains to be seen , '' i said . 
 `` you may be right that she is dead . '' 
 `` if you find her -- '' his voice caught . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` please bring her home to us . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 beauchamp did not offer to shake hands , nor did he bid me farewell . 
 i turned back to my horse , let his footman boost me aboard , and rode back to the public house to await grenville 's return . 
 *** *** *** the drive back to london was quieter and wetter than the journey out had been . 
 for the first part of it , i told grenville what had been in charlotte 's letters , and he described his visit with lord sommerville . 
 grenville had managed to bring up the death of the kitchen maid . 
 lord sommerville , as the local magistrate , and also distressed that one of his staff should come to such an end , had made an inquiry , but it had turned up nothing . 
 the young man she customarily walked out with had been in london on the night in question , visiting his brother and nephews . 
 according to servants ' gossip , the maid matilda , had apparently been cuckolding the young man with a new suitor , but lord sommerville did not know who the new suitor was . 
 in the end , the death was put down to matilda 's having met a footpad in the woods . 
 after grenville 's recounting i dozed , still tired from my adventure . 
 grenville remained pensive and talked little . 
 he mostly read newspapers , which each gave a lurid account of the murder of josiah horne . 
 the times speculated whether the brutal killing would reintroduce the question of creating a regular police force in england , such as they had in france . 
 grenville gave me no explanation of why he 'd disappeared from the inn the night before , and i did not ask him about it . 
 his coachman left me at the top of grimpen lane , and i walked home . 
 again my neighbors streamed out to ogle grenville 's coach and fine horses . 
 mrs. beltan handed me a stack of letters that had arrived for me in my absence . 
 i bought one of her yeasty , buttery buns and retired upstairs to read my correspondence . 
 among the constrained and polite invitations to social gatherings was a letter from louisa brandon , telling me that she was doing what she could for the thorntons . 
 she also mentioned that she would host a supper party on the weekend , making it plain that she wanted me to attend . 
 i tucked the letter aside , my mind turning over what excuses i 'd come up with for refusing her invitation . 
 another letter , which i lingered over for a time , was from mr. denis himself , setting an appointment with me for two days hence at his house in curzon street . 
 the tone of the letter conveyed that horne 's dying was only an inconvenience and should not stop a transaction of business . 
 i wrote out a reply that i 'd come . 
 the last of the post was a folded square of paper with my name on it in capitals . 
 unfolded , the note read : `` i arrested the butler . 
 magistrate made short work of him . 
 pomeroy . '' 
 * * * * * chapter twelve i flung down the letter . 
 i 'd washed my hands of horne 's household and his death , but i did not think bremer had killed his master . 
 i 'd left them to pomeroy 's mercy , and he had been his usual ruthless self . 
 after shaving and downing the bun , i walked to bow street and the magistrate 's court . 
 inside the drab halls , the dregs of the night 's arrests lay about waiting to appear before the magistrate . 
 the smell of unwashed bodies and boredom smote me . 
 for some reason , i scanned their ranks for nance , but i did n't see her . 
 most game girls bribed the watch to look the other way , but occasionally , one chose to pick the wrong gentleman 's pocket or got caught in a brawl . 
 the pale-faced bailiff accosted me and demanded my business . 
 i sent him looking for pomeroy . 
 while i waited , a small man with wiry hair latched his fingers on to my cuff and began a barely intelligible , one-sided conversation , washing me in gin-soaked breath . 
 `` get on with you , '' pomeroy boomed . 
 he cuffed the little man , who howled and ran back to the wall . 
 `` captain . 
 good news . 
 i arrested the butler . 
 he goes to trial in five days . '' 
 there was no privacy to be had in that hall . 
 i motioned pomeroy away from the crowd , but still had to raise my voice to be heard . 
 `` why bremer ? '' 
 `` stands to reason , does n't it ? 
 he 's the last one to see his master . 
 he stabs him , cuts off his bollocks , sticks the knife back in the wound , leaves the room , and tells everyone the master asked not to be disturbed . 
 you turn up later and wo n't go away , so he legs it upstairs and ` discovers ' the body . 
 nothing mysterious about it . '' 
 `` but why should bremer kill horne ? '' 
 `` because by all accounts that cove horne was a right bastard . 
 jury wo n't be sympathetic , though . 
 be wondering if their own manservants will get the idea to cut off their bollocks . '' 
 i stood my ground . 
 `` horne paid very high wages . 
 surely bremer would put up with a difficult master for that . 
 or give notice if he truly disliked the man . '' 
 pomeroy shrugged . 
 `` no doubt he 'll confess his motives at the trial . '' 
 `` and why mutilate horne ? 
 why not stop at killing him ? '' 
 `` damned if i know , captain . 
 i did n't ask him . '' 
 `` what did he tell the magistrate ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not much . 
 kept babbling that he did n't do it . 
 magistrate asked him then who did ? 
 but he could n't answer . 
 just gibbered . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` think , pomeroy . 
 whoever killed horne had to best him . 
 horne was younger and stronger than bremer . 
 it could n't have been easy to stab him . '' 
 `` even the weak and frightened can do damage when they 're riled enough . '' 
 pomeroy gave me a patient look . 
 `` magistrate wanted a culprit . 
 i gave him one . '' 
 `` horne had another visitor that day . 
 no one saw horne after the visitor left , not even the butler . '' 
 `` oh , yes ? 
 who was that then ? '' 
 `` mr. james denis . '' 
 pomeroy snorted . 
 `` and it ai n't likely i 'm going to run ` round and arrest him , sir , is it ? 
 he 's a toff that no one 's going to touch , least of all the likes of me . 
 what would he kill horne for anyway ? '' 
 `` perhaps horne owed him money , and denis was angry that he had n't been paid . 
 perhaps horne slighted him . 
 perhaps horne knew something that mr. denis did n't want put about . '' 
 pomeroy considered this . 
 `` all those things could have happened . 
 all the same , i 'm not arresting the man . 
 and you 'd do best to let him alone , captain . 
 he 's a one what likes his privacy . 
 pretend he never went to that house , and you know nothing about it . '' 
 `` i already have an appointment to speak to mr. denis . '' 
 pomeroy looked me up and down then spoke in a slow voice . 
 `` you know , captain , when we were on the line , opinion in the ranks was that you were one of the bravest officers in the king 's army . 
 the bravest and the best . 
 but sometimes , we thought you went too far . 
 you were so crazy-brave , you expected all the rest of us to be too . 
 like charging a hill loaded with artillery . 
 we thought we should truss you up and toss you in the baggage carts . 
 meaning no disrespect , sir . '' 
 i looked him in the eye . 
 `` we won that hill , sergeant . 
 which allowed our infantry to move through . '' 
 `` it did n't make you any less insane . 
 this is another case you ought to be trussed up , sir . 
 do n't have nothing to do with mr. denis . 
 you 'll regret it something powerful . 
 let bremer be the culprit . 
 easiest on everyone . '' 
 except bremer , i thought . 
 i changed the subject . 
 `` what do you know about the murder of a young woman in hampstead ? '' 
 pomeroy 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` someone else has been murdered ? '' 
 `` the body was found about a week or so ago , in the woods . 
 a young woman . 
 she 'd been there a while . '' 
 `` hmm , i think i remember hearing about it . 
 a maid or some such ? '' 
 `` a kitchen maid for lord sommerville . 
 her name is matilda . 
 i 'd like to know her surname , and also the name of her brother who traveled to hampstead to identify her body . '' 
 `` what do you want to know for ? '' 
 `` i 'm interested . 
 also , any information on a woman called charlotte morrison , who disappeared about the same time the girl was killed . '' 
 `` oh-ho . 
 you think the two are connected . '' 
 `` they might be . 
 i have no idea . 
 have you had any leads regarding jane thornton ? '' 
 `` not heard a word , but i 've got an ear out . 
 i saw your notices . 
 i would n't mind ten guineas meself . 
 you giving out rewards for information on the other two ? '' 
 `` not as yet . 
 when you hear anything at all , send word to me . '' 
 i started to walk away . 
 `` i ai n't your sergeant anymore , captain . 
 i do n't take orders from you , you know . '' 
 i swung around . 
 `` but i 'm mad , remember ? 
 you never know what i might take into my head to do . '' 
 i left him then , muttering not quite under his breath about right-bastard officers who liked to make a hell of everyone 's lives . 
 *** *** *** i went back to the thorntons ' house in the strand . 
 the one person who had been present for horne 's murder was aimee . 
 i 'd wanted to leave her alone , to let her turn her back on horne and his house , but bremer 's fate might depend on her answers to my questions . 
 alice greeted me and informed me that mr. thornton was still alive . 
 he had come ` round the day before , but now lay asleep again , dosed with laudanum . 
 i was encouraged , but did not give in to hope . 
 he still could so easily slip away . 
 i asked to see aimee . 
 alice looked surprised , then told me that she 'd gone to stay with her aunt , a woman called josette martin . 
 she gave me the direction , and i headed east in a hackney through the strand and fleet street and into the city , to a small boardinghouse near st. paul 's churchyard . 
 `` captain . '' 
 josette martin met me in the middle of a neat , though shabby drawing room and shook my hand . 
 threads of gray laced her brown hair , which was braided and looped in neat coils . 
 her face was square and her nose snub , but her eyes were large and wide , framed with long black lashes . 
 `` mrs. martin . '' 
 `` you are the gentleman who brought aimee home ? '' 
 she spoke flawless english , but with a fluid french accent . 
 i acknowledged that i was . 
 she motioned to me to sit in an armchair then perched on a sofa a little way from me . 
 `` it was very good of you to help her . 
 how did you come to find her ? 
 she remembers very little . '' 
 even as she expressed gratitude , her look was wary . 
 she must have wondered what i 'd been doing in the house where her niece had been held captive . 
 `` will she live with you now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded , candlelight catching in the gloss of her hair . 
 `` i raised aimee after her parents died in france . 
 i trained her to be a lady 's maid , as i was . 
 but i believe we will not stay in england . 
 we will return to france when she is well . '' 
 `` how is she ? '' 
 `` you are kind to ask . 
 aimee will recover , in body at least . 
 he was very cruel to her . 
 the man is dead ? '' 
 `` most definitely dead . '' 
 josette 's eyes hardened . 
 `` good . 
 then god has taken his vengeance . 
 do you think that wicked of me ? '' 
 `` to be happy that the monster who hurt your niece is dead ? 
 i feel the same . '' 
 that seemed to satisfy her . 
 `` i thought at first you 'd come from the magistrate . 
 to question her . '' 
 i kept my voice gentle , though impatience pricked me . 
 `` i do want to ask her a few questions if she is well enough to speak to me . 
 i am trying to find what became of her mistress . '' 
 `` miss thornton ? 
 i am worried for her as well . 
 the thorntons are poor . 
 aimee did the duties of upstairs maid and looked after both miss thornton and her mother , but they were all kind to her . 
 it was a good place . '' 
 `` may i speak to her ? '' 
 `` i am not certain . 
 she was in low spirits this morning , but she may agree to see you . 
 she is grateful for what you did . '' 
 josette rose . 
 i got up politely and crossed to the door to hold it open for her . 
 she flashed me a small smile as she went by , with even , white teeth . 
 i waited for nearly a quarter of an hour for her return . 
 i tried to keep my patience , but i was annoyed with myself that i had not questioned aimee from the start . 
 i might have prevented bremer 's arrest -- not only did i not believe the butler had killed his master , i also wanted to get bremer into my clutches to find out what had happened to jane . 
 pity had moved me to leave aimee alone , but i might have cost jane her safety . 
 josette at last returned to tell me that aimee would see me , but she was very tired . 
 i promised i would ask aimee only a few questions , and josette led me down a hall to a small bedroom in the rear of the house . 
 the room was dark , the curtains closed . 
 aimee lay on a chaise , wrapped in a shawl , her feet covered with a rug . 
 she looked at me with enormous dark eyes in a pinched face . 
 josette went to the window and rearranged the curtains to let in more light . 
 then she drew a stool next to the fire , fished mending out of a basket next to it , and began stitching . 
 i pulled a straight-backed chair from the wall and seated myself next to the bed and aimee . 
 during the war , i 'd seen women , and also men , who had been brutalized by soldiers , wear the same look of blank fear that aimee wore now . 
 their trust had been broken , their peace destroyed . 
 i kept my voice quiet . 
 `` aimee , do you remember me ? '' 
 aimee nodded , her yellow hair limply brushing the pillows . 
 `` from the house . '' 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 aimee turned her head and looked at the window , where weak sunlight tried to filter through clouds . 
 `` alice and the mistress were kind to me . 
 and mrs. brandon . '' 
 she spoke woodenly , and i noted she did not answer my question . 
 `` i 've come to talk to you because i want to find jane thornton . 
 anything you can tell me , anything about how you came to mr. horne 's house and how she left it , will help . '' 
 aimee had closed her eyes during my speech . 
 now she opened them and plucked at the fringe of the shawl . 
 `` i do not remember very much . '' 
 `` anything you can , '' i said . 
 `` i want to find jane and bring her home . '' 
 her gaze flicked to me briefly then away . 
 `` alice told me how kind you 've been . 
 but i do n't know how much i can help . 
 they gave me opium to make me sleep and would not let me stay with miss jane . 
 i want the opium all the time now , and it hurts when i can not have it . 
 is n't that funny ? '' 
 i did n't find it in the least amusing . 
 `` do you know how you came to be in mr. horne 's house at all ? '' 
 `` not very well . '' 
 her voice died to a whisper . 
 `` i remember my young lady and i had gone to the strand to wait for the carriage . 
 it was so crowded that day , i did not know how it was going to find us . 
 a woman , she came to us and asked miss jane to help her . 
 she was dressed in rags and crying and begged for miss jane to come with her . '' 
 `` and miss thornton went ? '' 
 `` miss jane had a kind heart . 
 she was afraid the woman was sick or in trouble , and so she went . 
 the beggar woman took us into a tiny court a little way down the street , and then i remember nothing . 
 perhaps someone hit me , i do not know . 
 i awoke in an attic and i was very frightened , but miss jane was there , and she comforted me . '' 
 `` was this attic in mr. horne 's house ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do not know where we were . 
 we were bound hand and foot in the middle of the floor and could not get loose . 
 when it was very dark , people came and gave us something to drink . 
 i knew it was opium , but they made us drink it . 
 when i awoke again , i was in another attic , but in a bed , and miss jane was there , with him . '' 
 `` with mr. horne ? '' 
 she nodded , her eyes filling . 
 `` he told miss jane he 'd hurt me if she did not do what he said . 
 i begged her to not listen , to run away , but she went with him . 
 she always did what he said . '' 
 `` she did not try to run away , or find a constable , or go home ? '' 
 aimee shook her head against the pillows . 
 `` he did not have to hold her with a lock or a door . 
 she was so ashamed of what she 'd become , even though it was not her fault . 
 i told her to go , and it made no difference about me , but she would not . 
 and then he sent her away . 
 all alone , with nothing . 
 he broke her spirit , then he tossed her out like rubbish . '' 
 for the first time since i 'd entered the room , aimee looked directly at me . 
 her wide brown eyes held deep and unwavering pain and unmasked fury . 
 `` did he send her somewhere ? '' 
 `` i do not know . 
 one morning , she was gone , and he would not tell me where , though i asked and asked . 
 i know he must have thrown her out . '' 
 `` was she going to have a child ? '' 
 `` i do not know . 
 she would not tell me . 
 but i think so . 
 he thought so . '' 
 i hesitated a long time , trying to put my questions in a way that would not hurt her . 
 `` you were in the wardrobe in his study the day he died , '' i said . 
 `` he put you there . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 her fair brows drew together . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` did he put you in that morning , or later , after his visitor had departed ? '' 
 aimee 's body drooped . 
 `` i do not know . 
 i have been trying to remember . 
 but i hurt so much , and i was so tired . '' 
 `` do you remember the visitor ? '' 
 `` i remember mr. bremer coming to the study and telling him someone had come to call . 
 mr. horne was angry at him . 
 but then he told mr. bremer to let the guest upstairs . 
 i do not know who it was ; mr. bremer spoke so softly . 
 after mr. bremer left , mr. horne carried me to the wardrobe . 
 i cried and begged him to let me go back to the attics so i could rest , but he pushed me in and locked the door . '' 
 `` could you hear through the door what the two gentlemen spoke about ? '' 
 `` i can not remember if i heard them or not . 
 the doors were thick , and i was sleepy . '' 
 i decided to try another tack . 
 `` after the other gentleman left , did mr. horne open the wardrobe again ? '' 
 she went silent a moment , her eyes reflecting pain . 
 `` i do not believe he did , sir . 
 i was well and truly asleep after that , and i remember nothing . '' 
 i sat back . 
 if horne had not opened the wardrobe again , that might mean he 'd been dead when his visitor , denis , had left him . 
 but horne might simply have decided to leave aimee there , and someone else could have come to the study and killed him while she slept . 
 `` the butler , bremer , has been arrested for mr. horne 's murder , '' i said . 
 aimee 's eyes widened . 
 `` mr. bremer , sir ? 
 he did not . 
 he could not have . '' 
 `` it is possible that he did . 
 after mr. denis -- horne 's visitor , that is -- departed , bremer could have come in and stabbed mr. horne , not realizing you were in the wardrobe . '' 
 `` oh , no , sir , not mr. bremer . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 you said you heard nothing . '' 
 she shook her head , alert now . 
 josette looked up from her stitching . 
 `` mr. bremer is a foolish and weak old man , '' aimee said . 
 `` he was terrified of him . 
 he never could have done such a thing . '' 
 `` you do not think that even an elderly man , cowed and frightened , could have killed him in a fit of terror ? '' 
 her lips whitened . 
 `` i do not know . '' 
 `` what about the other staff ? 
 could any of them have killed him ? '' 
 `` i never saw the others . 
 except grace . '' 
 `` what about grace ? '' 
 aimee 's brow puckered . 
 `` i think -- i do n't remember . 
 i never saw her that day , i do not think . '' 
 her eyes lost their glitter , and she touched her hand to her throat . 
 `` i am sorry , sir . 
 i 'm very tired . '' 
 josette put aside her stitching and rose . 
 `` aimee should rest now , sir . '' 
 disappointment touched me , but i got to my feet . 
 i 'd hoped aimee would tell me everything i needed to know , but i could not expect a tormented and ill woman to have all my answers for me . 
 i wanted to give aimee words of comfort , to help her with pretty phrases , but i had nothing to give . 
 she had been broken , body and soul , and it would take a long time for her to heal . 
 perhaps she never would , completely . 
 josette accompanied me to the front room , her gait rigid with disapproval . 
 `` forgive me , '' i said . 
 `` i did not mean to upset her . '' 
 josette looked up at me in sympathy . 
 she truly did have beautiful eyes . 
 `` it is not your fault , sir . 
 you had to know . '' 
 `` i will look for jane . 
 i will find her . '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i know you will . 
 thank you for being good to aimee . '' 
 i took josette 's hand in farewell . 
 something sparked in her eyes , something behind the gratitude , and the anger , and the sorrow , something i did not understand . 
 she looked back at me , bemused , and i released her hand and took my leave . 
 *** *** *** that evening , i began looking in the brothels for jane thornton . 
 i began with those known near hanover square and fanned out my search from there . 
 the witty called such houses nunneries or schools of venus , and coined the madams who ran them , abbesses . 
 but they were nothing more than bawdy houses in which a gentleman could purchase the company of a lady for an hour or a night . 
 many houses nearer mayfair housed fine ladies , who might have begun their lives as gentlemen 's daughters . 
 the fashionable thronged to these high-flyers for clever conversation as well as for baser pleasures . 
 the farther east i traveled , the coarser the houses became and the less clean the girls . 
 in each i asked about a young woman called jane or lily . 
 what i got for my trouble were threats , being shoved from doorsteps , and nearly being pummeled by the bullies who guarded the doors . 
 after the abbesses discovered i had no money , they considered me a nuisance and wanted to be rid of me . 
 i had to show the length of steel in my swordstick a time or two before their bullies would let me go . 
 they must have sent word ` round to each other , because some were ready for me before i even arrived . 
 i visited the nunneries near my rooms later , after dark , just to be thorough . 
 none were any more pleased to see me than those in mayfair had been . 
 as i tramped down long acre , black nancy sidled up to me and slipped her hand through the crook of my arm . 
 `` if you want a game girl so bad , captain , yer can just come to me . '' 
 i glanced sharply down at her , not really in the mood for her banter . 
 `` i am looking for a girl who should n't be in the nunneries . 
 not one who should . '' 
 `` you 're that baffling , captain . 
 what are you on about ? '' 
 `` a young lady 's family is looking for her . 
 i want to find her and send her home . '' 
 nancy made a face . 
 `` well , what if she do n't want ter go ? 
 reformers try to send me home all the time . 
 stupid sods . 
 me dad 's worse than any flat i ever had . '' 
 nancy had once told me that her father beat her , and i 'd seen the bruises on her face that she tried to hide with paint and powder . 
 `` i think i do not much like your father , '' i said . 
 she chuckled . 
 `` suits me . 
 i do n't like him either . '' 
 i strolled back toward covent garden , and she stuck to me like a dog following its master . 
 `` what 's this girl 's name ? 
 maybe i know her . '' 
 `` i 'm not certain what she 's calling herself . 
 maybe jane . 
 or lily . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` i know lots of janes . 
 no lilies . '' 
 i looked down at her . 
 `` are there any new girls on the streets of late ? 
 one who does n't seem to fit in ? '' 
 `` there 's new girls all the time . 
 they do n't last . 
 would she work covent garden ? '' 
 i shook my head , depressed . 
 `` you do n't know anyone called charlotte , do you ? '' 
 i hazarded . 
 `` how many ladies do you want , captain ? 
 no , i do n't know no charlottes . 
 why do n't you want a nancy ? '' 
 i studied the white-painted face beside me . 
 `` i have one more than i can endure now . '' 
 she grinned , her scarlet mouth wide . 
 `` ai n't you lucky i like you ? 
 'cause i 'll tell ya something , captain . 
 i found your coachman . '' 
 * * * * * chapter thirteen i stopped short and looked down at her in astonishment . 
 a squat man stumbled into me , then pushed past me with a curse . 
 `` why did n't you say so ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` you never asked . 
 you were pleased to go on about your janes and lilies and charlottes . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` keep your trousers on , captain . 
 or rather , no . 
 i bet you 're handsome in your skin . '' 
 `` if you are only going to babble nonsense , i 'll go home and keep my shillings . '' 
 nancy clung to my arm . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 i 'm only teasing yer . 
 i did it just like yer said . 
 i hung about watching the nobs come to the theatre . 
 i asked and asked about people called carstairs until i found their coach . 
 but the coachman was new . 
 only been coachin ' for the carstairs for a couple weeks . 
 last coachman gave notice , you see , and went off . '' 
 `` damn . '' 
 she laughed and squeezed my arm . 
 `` do n't fret , captain . 
 i kept plaguing him until he told me where the last coachman had gone . 
 he drives for some cove called barnstable or some such name . 
 but i found him . 
 this barnstable goes to the opera too . 
 we 're fine pals now , jemmy and me . '' 
 `` jemmy is the coachman ? '' 
 `` well , it ai n't mr. barnstable , is it ? '' 
 she snorted a laugh . 
 `` so i found him for ya . 
 where 's my two shillings ? '' 
 `` i wanted him to pay a call on me . '' 
 `` well , jemmy do n't want to . 
 why would the likes of him be going to a gentleman 's rooms ? 
 no , i got him tucked away in a public ` ouse . 
 said i 'd come and fetch you . '' 
 `` all right , then . 
 i 'll give you your money when i 've spoken to him . '' 
 `` you 're a mean one . 
 come on , then . 
 it ai n't far . '' 
 she led me back toward covent garden market , closed now , through the square and to another narrow street . 
 a pub with the sign of a rearing stallion stood halfway down the curved and aged lane , and nancy took me inside . 
 the pub was crowded , with a stream of people coming and going . 
 burly lads in household livery were obviously footmen who 'd stepped in for a pint while their masters and mistresses sat in the theatre watching plays or operas . 
 they risked their places doing so -- the master or mistress might want them at a moment 's notice -- but they seemed content to take the chance . 
 men and women of the working and servant classes lingered contentedly , talking loudly with friends , laughing at anecdotes . 
 in the snug , a barmaid led a rousing song . 
 nance took me to a highbacked settle with a table drawn up to it . 
 she smiled at the man sitting there before snuggling in beside him and plopping a kiss to his cheek . 
 `` this is jemmy . 
 i brought the captain to yer . '' 
 i slid onto the bench across from them . 
 jemmy was not a big man ; he 'd be perhaps a half-head taller than nance when standing , but his black coat , shiny with wear , stretched over wide shoulders and tight muscles . 
 his brown hair was greasy and fell lankly over his forehead . 
 his wide face split into a grin at nancy , showing canine teeth filed to points . 
 jemmy raised a hand , washing the smell of sweat and ale over me . 
 `` well , here i am , cap'n . 
 what do you want of me ? '' 
 a plump barmaid plopped a warm tankard of beer in front of me . 
 she smiled at me , revealing two missing teeth , ignored the coachman and nance , and sailed away . 
 `` bitch , '' jemmy muttered . 
 `` aw , jemmy , you do n't need her . 
 you got me . '' 
 nance wriggled herself under his arm . 
 he encircled her shoulders with it , letting his fingers rest an inch from her bosom . 
 i had planned to question jemmy subtly , but i was very bad at anything but blatant truths . 
 plus , the way he touched nance sent flickers of irritation through me . 
 `` you used to coach for the carstairs family , '' i said without preliminary . 
 `` yeah . 
 what of it ? '' 
 `` you once drove to the strand and retrieved miss jane thornton and her maid for an afternoon of shopping with young miss carstairs . '' 
 he hesitated for a long moment . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 `` i know it . 
 many people know it . '' 
 alarm flickered in his eyes . 
 `` they sent me on all kinds of errands for the spoiled little chit . 
 do n't remember all of them . 
 i 'd give her the back of me ` and , she was mine . '' 
 i went on ruthlessly . 
 `` on that particular day you went to fetch miss thornton and her maid , but when you reached the carstairs ' house , they were gone . '' 
 his eyes went wary . 
 `` i know that . 
 they got in , but there was n't a sign of 'em when i opened the door at the house in henrietta street . 
 could have knocked me down with a feather . '' 
 `` you never saw her get out of the carriage . '' 
 `` saw who ? '' 
 the corners of his mouth had gone white . 
 `` miss thornton . '' 
 `` oh , her . 
 you ever driven a coach , cap'n ? 
 you got to drive the team and watch out for other coaches and wagons who have no business being on the streets . 
 they lock your wheels , you 're done for . 
 i do n't got time to look out what my passengers do . '' 
 `` or perhaps the passengers never got into the coach in the first place . '' 
 his mouth hardened . 
 `` who 's been telling you things ? 
 it 's a pack of lies . '' 
 i leaned toward him , the stale steam from my beer engulfing me . 
 i was making guesses , pieced together from what aimee and the orange girl in the strand had told me , but i had to try . 
 `` someone paid you to look the other way that day . 
 to drive to the strand , wait a few minutes , then drive away again . 
 you were to go back to henrietta street and claim you did n't know what happened . 
 perhaps later that night you were paid to return , to fetch the young ladies in earnest this time and drive them to hanover square . '' 
 `` i never . 
 it 's lies , that is . '' 
 `` if it is not the truth , it is very close to it . '' 
 jemmy shoved his glass away from him . 
 ale slopped onto the pitted and stained tabletop . 
 `` who says it is ? 
 you going to take me to the beaks ? 
 and tell them what ? 
 no one is left to prove it . '' 
 `` no , '' i mused . 
 `` horne is dead ; miss thornton is gone . 
 did mr. carstairs ask you to go ? 
 i wager he did not like the questions people asked when miss thornton disappeared . 
 or perhaps your real employer decided you should quit the house before anyone became suspicious . '' 
 `` do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i 'm a coachman . 
 i drive coaches for gentry . '' 
 `` it must be lucrative , '' i said steadily , `` but difficult , to work for mr. denis . '' 
 jemmy flushed a sudden , sharp red , and his eyes held fear and hate . 
 `` is that why you came , to throw lies in my face ? 
 is that why you got your whore to chum to me ? '' 
 he shoved nance from him . 
 `` get out . 
 i do n't want you . '' 
 `` aw , jemmy -- '' `` get out . 
 i do n't want to see you , understand ? '' 
 nance 's lip trembled . 
 `` jemmy , i did n't know . '' 
 `` go on . 
 and take your flat with you . '' 
 nance stared at him in hurt dismay . 
 i rose and took her arm , gently getting her to her feet and leading her away . 
 the red-faced barmaid grinned at me , and i tossed her coins for the ale . 
 she winked and tucked the money into her bodice . 
 i led the dejected nance out of the pub and into the dark streets . 
 `` do n't mourn him , nance . 
 i am just as glad you 're away from him . 
 i do n't like the way he put his hands on you . '' 
 she brightened , though tears glittered on her face . 
 `` are you jealous ? '' 
 `` disgusted , rather . '' 
 she stopped . 
 `` you think i am disgusting ? '' 
 `` i did not say that . '' 
 `` you do think so . 
 that 's why you always put me off . '' 
 another tear rolled down her nose . 
 i took her arm and pulled her to the brick wall of a house , out of the way of traffic . 
 `` i 'll thank you not to put words in my mouth . 
 i found your coachman disgusting . 
 i do not find you so , and i am happy that you are away from him . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she gave me a long look from under her lashes . 
 `` i took a bath . 
 washed meself all over . '' 
 `` did you ? '' 
 i asked , bemused . 
 `` because you likes girls as bathe themselves . 
 it was n't fancy soap , but i smell clean . 
 do n't i ? '' 
 she shoved her hand under my nose . 
 i moved it away . 
 `` nance . '' 
 `` you do n't have to give me money for it . 
 or for finding jemmy , because he turned out a bad ` un . '' 
 she drew her finger down my lapel . 
 `` i fancies ya , yer know . 
 that 's why i 'm always teasing yer . '' 
 i would never make her understand . 
 her world was not my world , even if the edges collided from time to time . 
 `` we had a bargain . 
 two shillings when you found the coachman for me . 
 here . '' 
 i pressed coins into her hand . 
 `` take yourself home for the rest of the night . '' 
 `` and get knocked about by me dad for coming back too early ? 
 but you do n't care tuppence for that . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` if you did , you 'd take me as your own . '' 
 her brown gaze measured mine . 
 i held it , wishing i could help her -- not in the way she wanted , but in a way that would keep her from harm . 
 but a man without money in london is powerless . 
 i looked away . 
 `` not tuppence , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't care that for your airs . 
 yer no better than the rest of them . 
 and you lost me jemmy . '' 
 she squirmed from my grasp and ran off . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i could take nancy to louisa . 
 louisa was no fainting flower . 
 she could do something for her , train her , give her a character , find her employment . 
 nance ignored me and kept running . 
 i started after her . 
 a rumbling cart , driven by a madman , swept between us . 
 by the time it had gone , nance was far from me , darting in and out of clumps of hurrying people . 
 i would never catch her . 
 with my lame leg , i was no match for a young , healthy girl . 
 i went home . 
 i 'd see her again . 
 nance 's regular haunts were covent garden market and the streets around it ; our paths would cross soon . 
 if i had known then under what circumstance we 'd meet again , i 'd have gone after her then and there , damn my leg and the london streets . 
 but one does not expect life to be so capricious . 
 * * * * * chapter fourteen the next morning i returned to hanover square . 
 number 22 looked shut up : curtains drawn , the doorstep unswept . 
 the handsome houses to either side of it radiated disapproval . 
 a murder , and such a murder , occurring between them was not to be borne . 
 i had written grenville to ask who horne 's heir was , and had read the answer in both his letter and the newspaper . 
 horne 's cousin , a man called mulverton , had arrived in town to bury horne . 
 i wondered if he would hasten to sell the house , and if he had any knowledge of his cousin 's death . 
 i wondered if he was a poor man who would happily send horne out of the way in order to inherit a fine house in mayfair and any income that went with it . 
 i knocked at the door . 
 no one came . 
 the neighboring houses regarded me in icy silence . 
 i leaned over the railings and peered down at the scullery door . 
 in the darkness , i sensed a movement , although it might only have been a cat . 
 i made my way down the stairs , which were slippery with drizzle . 
 i saw no one , but i heard a faint snick , as if a latch had been closed . 
 i rapped on the thick scullery door . 
 here , beneath the street , the odor of fish and slops hung heavily in the damp air . 
 the door opened a crack and the frightened eyes of the young footman , john , peered out . 
 he released his breath . 
 `` oh , it 's you , sir . 
 i thought it were the constables coming back for me . '' 
 `` why should they ? '' 
 john opened the door , and i removed my hat and stepped into the chill kitchen . 
 `` they might arrest me too . 
 maybe mr. bremer told them i killed the master . '' 
 `` and did you ? '' 
 his eyes rounded . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` i do not think bremer did , either . '' 
 the kitchen table was cluttered with boxes and sacks , bowls and copper spoons , all resting on the grimy flour left behind in the cook 's hasty departure . 
 `` then why did they arrest him ? '' 
 john asked , closing the door . 
 `` because they had no one else to arrest . 
 where are the rest of the servants ? 
 why are you still here ? '' 
 he blinked at me , and i realized i 'd asked him too many questions at once . 
 `` the new owner , the master 's cousin , came to take possession today . 
 he told me to pack up all the things and have them carted off so he could sell the house . 
 he did n't like mr. horne 's things . '' 
 i could n't blame him . 
 the dreary furniture , the bad paintings , and the egyptian friezes would have grated on me as well . 
 i leaned my hip against the kitchen dresser and watched him resume activity at the table . 
 `` when did the cousin arrive ? '' 
 `` yesterday , sir . '' 
 `` is he here ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 he 's been and gone . '' 
 `` gone where ? 
 back home ? 
 or does he stay in town ? '' 
 john clanked copper spoons into one of the crates and tossed a platter on top . 
 `` he never said . 
 no , a moment , i lie . 
 he said he was taking rooms . 
 in st. james 's . '' 
 he heaved a long sigh . 
 `` he wants to sell the house right away . 
 as soon as i 'm finished here , i 'm out a position . 
 a good one too . '' 
 i folded my arms . 
 `` what about the other maids , grace and hetty ? 
 where have they gone ? '' 
 `` dunno , sir . 
 hetty marched out the morning after the murder was done . 
 went to stay with her ma , she said . 
 gracie , i ai n't seen . '' 
 `` does grace have family , or friends she might have gone to ? '' 
 `` there 's her sister . '' 
 i checked my rising impatience . 
 `` do you know where she lives ? '' 
 `` place near covent garden . 
 i took her home once . 
 street called rose lane . '' 
 i felt a dart of irritation . 
 rose lane was one over from grimpen lane . 
 the girl had been under my nose for days . 
 `` what about the valet ? '' 
 i asked . 
 john snorted . 
 `` marcel ? 
 gent next door snatched him up , did n't he ? 
 had his eye on marcel ever since marcel came here , oh , three months ago . 
 soon as he heard the master was dead , marcel lit out and took his new position that very night . '' 
 the gent next door must have made marcel an unrefusable offer . 
 i wondered , had the valet made all haste to dissociate himself from the crime , or had he merely jumped at the offer of a lucrative position ? 
 john was right , good places were hard for servants to find . 
 but if marcel had anything to do with horne 's death , why would he have gone only as far as next door ? 
 `` what is the name of this gent ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he 's a lordship . 
 lord berring . 
 a viscount or some such . '' 
 `` right - or left hand ? '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` which house ? 
 the right - or left hand house as you face them ? '' 
 john blinked a moment then pointed toward the south wall . 
 left hand it was . 
 `` and who is in the right-hand house ? '' 
 john stared a moment , then to my surprise , he broke into a grin . 
 `` gent called preston . 
 never home . 
 son is , though . '' 
 i remembered the very first time i 'd stood before number 22 , when thornton had been throwing bricks at it and screaming his grief . 
 the curtain in the window above number 23 had shifted , the person behind it far more interested in what was happening outside than in protecting himself . 
 `` who is this son ? '' 
 i asked . 
 john chuckled . 
 `` young master philip . 
 he likes a chat , sir , whenever i goes by . 
 has n't got many who 'll talk to him , poor lad . '' 
 i stored that information away , reflecting that a lad who liked looking out the windows might prove useful . 
 `` thank you , '' i said , and turned to depart . 
 `` you would n't happen to be looking for a footman , would you ? '' 
 john asked wistfully . 
 `` only i can do all kinds of work . 
 except garden . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` if i hear of anything , how may i send you word ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm going back to my ma too . 
 in the haymarket . 
 she so wanted me to go into service . 
 she thinks i 'm a useless lout . 
 maybe she 's right . '' 
 he stopped a moment . 
 `` what happened to the girl , sir ? 
 the one called aimee . '' 
 i raised my brows . 
 `` aimee has gone to live with her aunt . '' 
 john sighed and dropped a bulging sack into the crate . 
 `` i told her , if she ever wanted me , all she had to do was send word . 
 she never did . '' 
 i could not feel surprised by this . 
 likely aimee wanted to put anything associated with horne 's household far behind her . 
 `` she needs time to heal , '' i offered . 
 `` when she has rested and mended , perhaps she will remember you . '' 
 i very much doubted it , but he so wanted the crumbs i tossed him . 
 john brightened . 
 `` that may be , sir . 
 i can wait . '' 
 i wondered for a moment if john had murdered his master in jealousy and anger over aimee . 
 he was a large and strong young man who could easily have overpowered the smaller horne and stabbed him in one quick blow . 
 my speculation ended there . 
 i could not imagine john calmly waiting for the body to be discovered , and still longer for aimee to be found . 
 he would have smashed open the wardrobe door and carried her off into the night . 
 i said good night and left the kitchen through the scullery . 
 as i closed the door , john tipped an armload of cups into a crate , where they landed with a smash of porcelain . 
 he tossed in a copper pot on top of the lot . 
 i climbed back to the street . 
 the rain came down harder , and the low clouds darkened the day . 
 i walked to the left hand house , my shoulders hunched against the wet . 
 i did not know viscount berring , and calling on him without introduction or appointment , especially with his lofty station , would be extremely bad manners . 
 he 'd think me an uncouth lout , but i had to waive etiquette in pursuit of my quest . 
 the footman , who looked as though he had a few more thoughts between his ears than did john , took my card , ushered me silently into a reception room , and disappeared . 
 this house matched horne 's in layout -- a fine staircase on one side of the house , and two grand rooms on the other -- but there the similarity ended . 
 berring had decorated his house with paintings of taste and furnishings of comfort and elegance . 
 i sensed a woman 's touch , evident in the embroidered cushions , soft colors , and overall feeling of warmth . 
 the footman reappeared and , to my surprise , told me to follow him upstairs . 
 high above , on the landing that encircled the very top of the house , a little girl , a slightly older girl , and a woman , clearly their mother , watched me with undisguised curiosity . 
 i saluted them , and the two little girls giggled . 
 the woman gave me a gentle smile . 
 an unlooked-for and nearly overwhelming wave of loneliness swept over me . 
 the image of a very small girl , very long ago , filled my vision , and in an instant i was carried back in time . 
 i felt warm sun on my face , saw the flash of gold on my daughter 's hair , saw her smile at me , reaching her small hands to mine . 
 the chill dark of london rushed back at me . 
 it mocked me , that chill , reminding me of all i 'd lost . 
 i quickly looked away and followed the footman to the first-floor hall . 
 viscount berring received me in a bright room facing the square . 
 he was a middle aged man , slim and upright , with a full head of gray hair . 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` captain lacey ? 
 i have heard of you . '' 
 i grasped his hand politely . 
 `` i apologize for the intrusion , '' i said . 
 `` it is actually your valet , marcel , that i have come to see . '' 
 berring gave me a look of surprise and alarm . 
 `` do n't tell me mr. grenville sent you to lure him away . 
 i pay the fellow well -- he 's a topping valet -- but i could never offer him the distinguishment he 'd get valeting for mr. grenville . '' 
 `` grenville is in no need of a valet that i know of . 
 i wished to ask marcel about his former master , mr. horne . '' 
 berring made a face . 
 `` nasty business , that . 
 my footmen had to bodily evict the newspapermen all that night . 
 impudent fellows . 
 what have you to do with it ? '' 
 `` i am trying to discover who killed him . '' 
 he raised his brows . 
 `` why the devil ? 
 is n't that what the constables and bow street are for ? 
 oh , do sit down , there 's a good fellow . 
 but you must already know horne 's butler has been arrested . 
 marcel told me all about it . 
 nothing more to discover . '' 
 `` but i believe bremer did not kill him . 
 that the murderer has not been found . '' 
 `` good lord . '' 
 berring looked at his sofa cushions as though the murderer might be hiding beneath them . 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` fairly certain , '' i said . 
 `` if i can find another culprit , i can make the magistrates certain . '' 
 `` but see here , surely you have no need to muck about in it yourself ? '' 
 i knew what he meant . 
 a gentleman did n't soil his hands chasing criminals or investigating crimes . 
 `` i 'm afraid there is no one else to muck about in it . 
 on the day horne died , did you happen to note anyone going or coming from his house ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we were n't home that day at all , which is a mercy . 
 we 'd journeyed to windsor to visit my wife 's family . 
 her father has an excellent wine cellar . '' 
 `` but you returned that night . '' 
 `` very late . 
 such a ruckus there was next door . 
 my footman came running back to tell of the murder , and i locked my wife and daughters and myself up tight in this house , i must say . '' 
 `` after you sent for horne 's valet . '' 
 two spots of red stained his cheeks . 
 `` had my eye on the fellow since my own man departed to get married . 
 marcel 's talents were wasted on a man like horne . 
 i saw no reason not to set him up here at once . '' 
 `` but he might have murdered horne . '' 
 `` no , no , no . 
 no question of that . 
 he was away all that day , he told me . 
 only arrived home an hour after we did -- and found his master dead . 
 took my offer there and then . '' 
 for a moment i contemplated that lord berring murdered horne for his valet , then i dismissed the thought . 
 `` i wonder if you 'd allow me to speak to marcel myself . '' 
 berring looked surprised . 
 `` speak to him ? 
 he ca n't tell you more than i have already . '' 
 `` even so , i 'd like to ask him a question or two . '' 
 `` very well , i suppose it would do no harm . '' 
 he rose and tugged the bell pull , his expression bewildered . 
 `` have a drop of port while we wait ? '' 
 marcel was a tall and slim young frenchman with a long , thin nose and wide set brown eyes . 
 he regarded me with an air of rigid politeness , his correct bearing betraying only the faintest hint of curiosity . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 berring waved a hand at me . 
 `` this is captain lacey . 
 he wants to ask you questions . '' 
 marcel turned forty five degrees and faced me . 
 `` yes , sir ? '' 
 i had hoped to speak to marcel alone , but berring handed me a tumbler of port , then settled into the sofa and looked on with interest . 
 i would have to make the best of it . 
 `` the day your former master died , '' i began , `` you were out . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 marcel 's accent was faint , his english precisely pronounced . 
 `` i was gone all that day . 
 arrived home at nine o'clock , and found he had been killed . 
 the staff were most upset . '' 
 `` and what did you do ? '' 
 `` i went upstairs , packed my bags , and came here . 
 his lordship had kindly offered me a place if i ever left mr. horne , and i came here to ask if he still wanted me . 
 he did , and i took up the post immediately . '' 
 `` you were quick off the mark . '' 
 marcel made a gesture of indifference . 
 `` mr. horne was dead . 
 what could i do ? '' 
 `` did the constables question you ? '' 
 `` indeed . 
 the man , the runner , was quite rude . 
 asked me a dozen questions about where i had been and what i had been doing . '' 
 `` and what did you tell him ? '' 
 `` that my business was my own on my days out . 
 but i had not ever returned to the house , so how could i know what had happened ? '' 
 `` you did not return at all that day ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i had gone to hampstead . 
 i was very late returning . 
 i was afraid mr. horne would be angry . '' 
 `` was he often angry at you ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 he was seldom angry at all . 
 but he liked his routines and did not like to vary them . 
 at ten he liked a glass of port and for me to help him undress . '' 
 `` every night ? 
 did he not go out ? '' 
 `` not often , sir . 
 he liked to stay at home . '' 
 `` you knew , then , about lily and aimee . '' 
 marcel looked blank a moment , then his cheeks reddened , though his countenance remained fixed . 
 `` yes , i knew about them . '' 
 my temper mounted . 
 like the rest of the staff , marcel had known and had silently condoned . 
 `` and yet , you said nothing ? '' 
 marcel gave me a direct look . 
 `` if you want frankness , sir , i will give it to you . 
 i found mr. horne disgusting . 
 i much prefer valeting for his lordship . 
 but mr. horne paid me to look the other way , and so i looked the other way . '' 
 i tapped my fingertips together . 
 `` did it surprise you that someone had killed mr. horne ? '' 
 `` it did very much , sir . 
 he was not the most refined of gentlemen , but many men are not . 
 i saw no reason to kill him for this . 
 to murder must take great anger or hatred . 
 to have enough of either , to be able to kill , one must be a madman . '' 
 `` you believe whoever killed him was a madman ? '' 
 `` he must have been , sir . '' 
 berring looked up with a pained expression . 
 `` is that all , captain ? 
 this talk of murder is making me quite ill . '' 
 `` one more question , marcel . 
 did mr. denis call often ? '' 
 marcel blinked a moment . 
 `` mr. denis ? 
 no , sir , he never called at all . 
 he sent someone when he wanted to communicate with mr. horne . 
 i believe mr. horne owed him a great deal of money . '' 
 `` he came to the house that morning . 
 before mr. horne was killed . '' 
 marcel raised his brows . 
 `` indeed , sir ? 
 that is very surprising . '' 
 i regarded him in silence for a moment . 
 marcel kept his emotions below the surface , but he did not disguise them . 
 i was certain pomeroy would have checked in hampstead regarding marcel 's whereabouts , making sure the man had truly been where he said . 
 `` thank you for speaking with me , '' i finished . 
 lord berring nodded at marcel , who bowed and made his way out . 
 i deflated , as i realized that marcel knew little more than i did . 
 a pity lord berring 's family had been in windsor that day . 
 the curious females i 'd seen upstairs would no doubt have known every coming and going next door . 
 but i doubted that lord berring would have let me question his wife and daughters whether they 'd been home at the time of the murder or not . 
 `` thank you , '' i told berring . 
 `` i 'll take no more of your time . '' 
 lord berring waved me back down . 
 `` nonsense , my good fellow . 
 it 's a dreary day . 
 have some more port and stay for a chat . 
 only , let us turn the topic from murder , shall we ? 
 aggravates my dyspepsia something horrible . '' 
 * * * * * chapter fifteen after spending another three-quarters of an hour in unenlightening conversation with lord berring , i departed . 
 i had tried to pry from him any information regarding jane thornton and aimee , but he gave me a puzzled look and said he knew nothing about such goings-on . 
 he could have been a master actor , but i did n't think so . 
 before leaving hanover square , i took a chance and knocked on the door of number 23 . 
 a footman answered . 
 `` mr. preston is not at home , sir . '' 
 `` i 've come to see master philip , '' i answered . 
 i handed him my card . 
 the footman studied it curiously , then me . 
 `` master philip is not here either , sir . 
 he 's gone out in the carriage to take the air . '' 
 i suppressed a dart of impatience , but there was little i could do . 
 i did not know the family , and i could hardly force myself inside to wait . 
 i made myself nod . 
 `` please tell master philip that i called and that i will write to him for an appointment . '' 
 the footman regarded me dubiously , but nodded . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i made my way home then , intending to begin my search for jane again , and to plan how to go about finding and getting myself introduced to horne 's cousin , mulverton . 
 then there was the matter of charlotte morrison to look into . 
 but grenville 's carriage stood in russel street , at the top of grimpen lane , and his footman politely informed me that grenville was waiting for me at his club . 
 i was becoming irritated at grenville 's arbitrary summonses , but he might provide me some information on mulverton . 
 i let the footman help me into the coach . 
 the conveyance was truly luxurious , with plush and tufted walls and deep cushions , and it was so well sprung that the hard cobbles of london jolted me far less than they did in any hackney . 
 i rested my foot on the cushioned stool and resigned myself to the comfortable journey . 
 i descended into st. james 's street and made my way through the rain and lowering fog to brooks 's club . 
 this early in the afternoon not many gentlemen were about . 
 the club would fill to the brim later in the night when men would risk their fortunes , estates , and family reputations on the turn of a card . 
 even now , the more hardened players sat in the games room , hunched over green baize tables taking chances on macao or whist . 
 i asked for grenville and was shown to one of the parlors . 
 three gentlemen , necks swathed in starched white , stood at the window , discussing everyone who passed below . 
 grenville was enthroned in a wing chair near the fire , facing an avid audience of two young dandies , a young lord , and mr. gossington , a prime gossip who cared only for his clothes and for sport . '' 
 ... lime green waistcoat , '' i heard gossington say as i approached . 
 `` and his trousers so puffed out he had to turn sideways to enter the room . 
 i ask you . '' 
 grenville saw me and lifted his hand to interrupt . 
 `` you must excuse me , gentleman . 
 i have business with captain lacey . '' 
 his audience turned glassy stares on me . 
 gossington raised his quizzing glass and surveyed me through it from head to toe . 
 grenville rose , greeted me , and led me to an empty sitting room beyond the parlor . 
 he closed the door . 
 `` gossington fancies himself the arbiter of fashion when brummell is out of earshot , but he comes nowhere near . 
 though brummell is getting perilously close to landing himself in the fleet . '' 
 i had no interest at the moment in the famous debt-ridden dandy , though i could not know that a scarce month later george brummell would quietly flee england and his creditors and never be seen in london again . 
 grenville faced me . 
 `` you have n't been keeping me apprised of what you are doing . 
 what is our plan of action ? '' 
 i had n't realized we 'd decided on one . 
 i told him i had begun scouring the brothels for any sign of jane thornton , what i 'd learned from the valet and john , and my plan to speak to mulverton . 
 grenville shook his head . 
 `` mulverton might have killed him for the inheritance , but he probably knows nothing of miss thornton . 
 no , we 'll have to rely on the reward there , i 'll wager . '' 
 i silently agreed . 
 `` have we received any more replies to our advertisement ? '' 
 `` a good many . 
 all with no idea of jane 's whereabouts . 
 they smell the reward , that 's all . '' 
 `` so it was a waste of time , '' i said flatly . 
 `` not necessarily . 
 i hold out hope . 
 we did discover the parallel disappearance of charlotte morrison . 
 what shall we do about that ? '' 
 i thought over again what charlotte 's letters contained . 
 we had discussed them a little on the way home from hampstead but had drawn no conclusions . 
 `` it might be worth contacting this geraldine frazier in somerset , '' i said . 
 `` charlotte might have revealed something important in the letters she did not copy out . '' 
 grenville tapped his fingers together . 
 `` one of us could travel to somerset and speak with her personally . 
 i could take on the task , while you remain in london and continue to search for miss thornton . '' 
 `` it might be all a mare 's nest , a false trail . 
 you would journey all the way to somerset for nothing . '' 
 grenville shrugged , spreading his hands . 
 `` perhaps charlotte has gone there herself . 
 or the people who knew her -- friends , villagers -- might have an idea where she would go if she did run away . '' 
 `` and if she did not ? '' 
 `` then we continue searching . '' 
 i sat back , frowning . 
 `` you seem eager to dash across england on only a slight possibility . '' 
 `` i am restless . 
 london has palled . '' 
 i raised my brows . 
 `` you have been in town only since january . 
 that has been , what , four months ? '' 
 `` laugh at me if you wish . 
 i told you why i wanted to help you . '' 
 `` yes , your great fatigue with life . '' 
 grenville jumped to his feet . 
 `` damn it , lacey . 
 i might actually discover something useful . 
 perhaps i 'll redeem myself in your eyes if i do . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` what the devil do you mean by that ? '' 
 `` i mean that you disapprove of me . 
 i am frivolous and too rich and the people of london give me too much adulation . 
 i agree with you . 
 i want to prove you wrong . '' 
 i watched him , surprised . 
 `` i have never said such a thing . '' 
 `` you do not have to . 
 it 's in your face every time you look at me . '' 
 `` perhaps i am thinking of the woman who lives upstairs from me , who has to shave every penny and even resorts to pinching coal and candles from me . '' 
 `` while i pay fifty pounds for a pair of boots . '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 grenville was silent for a long time . 
 when he looked at me , i saw a new expression in his eyes , but i was not sure what it meant . 
 `` if i offered her fifty pounds , '' he asked , `` would she take it ? '' 
 i thought about marianne and her pretty smiles and hungry eyes . 
 `` she 's greedy and grasping , but life has made her so . 
 i would be careful . 
 she might believe you want to become her protector . '' 
 grenville looked pained . 
 `` perhaps i will make an anonymous donation and style myself a secret philanthropist . 
 but there is another reason i am eager to help you . '' 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he smiled , his mouth drooping into its usual ironic lines . 
 `` i made a rather large wager that you 'd clear up the mystery of horne 's murder and find the missing jane . 
 if i lose it , i will not be able to make donations to your upstairs neighbor . 
 so it 's in my own interest to help you as much as i can . '' 
 *** *** *** i left brooks 's and went back out into the rain . 
 i had to admit that grenville 's journey would be a great help . 
 i longed to question charlotte 's friends myself , but i could ill afford to travel across england merely to talk to someone . 
 if grenville wanted to spend the time and money , i would not stop him . 
 also , his leaving would coincide with my appointment tomorrow with denis . 
 i had n't bothered to tell grenville about it . 
 he 'd only postpone the journey , and i wanted to face denis without him . 
 on st. james 's street stood the guards ' club , founded for members of the foot guards . 
 the cavalrymen , not to be outdone , had taken to meeting in a coffeehouse ` round the corner . 
 i found myself in front of the coffeehouse before i 'd decided what to do next , and ducked into its dark interior . 
 i scanned the rooms . 
 lieutenant gale or his commander might well have stopped for a warm ale or coffee , and i wanted to ask again who had given gale the order to halt the disturbance in hanover square . 
 perhaps i could shake it out of one of them . 
 my anger over thornton 's shooting and the abduction of jane still had not abated . 
 the helplessness of that family and the real grief of alice , their maid , haunted my dreams . 
 they were crushed and forgotten . 
 although the magistrates were very interested in the murder of the despicable josiah horne , no one gave a damn that a poor clerk 's daughter had been ruined and violated by the same josiah horne . 
 gale and young cornet weddington , after piling more grief onto the thornton family , had dusted off their hands and walked away . 
 if i ever saw cornet weddington again , i might be moved to violence . 
 fortunately for gale , weddington , and my temper , i did not find either of them within . 
 i found aloysius brandon instead . 
 louisa brandon 's husband was five years my senior , and had been my commanding officer since i 'd been a green and youthful lad . 
 his dark hair was just going to gray , but his ice blue eyes still held the fire that had inspired me to follow him that long-ago day when he 'd convinced me to leave my fruitless life and venture with him into the unknown . 
 these days he wore a fretful look that came from the incidents between us , his boredom with civilian life , and the fact that he had no children , which meant that his wealth and tidy estate in kent would be handed to a dissipated cousin he despised . 
 his trim body and handsome face had barmaids all over london vying for his favors , but he remained oblivious of them . 
 brandon showed no overt devotion to his wife , but it was inside him , burning and deep . 
 i 'd discovered how deep one day in spain , and i believe he himself had realized the extent of his devotion that very same day . 
 before that fateful moment , we had shared campaigns and wearying marches , happiness and grief , and we 'd once been as close as brothers . 
 now we were bitter enemies , pretending , in public , to still be friends . 
 we regarded each other in tight silence . 
 brandon 's eyes held apprehension , anger , and impatience . 
 `` lacey . '' 
 `` sir . '' 
 three men of our acquaintance stopped at that moment to wish us a good afternoon . 
 brandon 's relief was palpable as he turned to speak to them . 
 when they bade us good-bye and moved on , the silence pressed us again . 
 brandon gestured to the chair next to him . 
 `` stay and have some port with me . '' 
 his hand trembled , then stilled . 
 he wanted me to refuse , walk away , return to the gray street . 
 i decided to punish him . 
 i sat . 
 `` thank you . 
 i will . '' 
 brandon moved away from me a fraction , then barked an order for port and water . 
 we sat without speaking until the waiter brought a decanter , a small bowl , and a caster filled with sugar . 
 i took my wine straight , with only a little water , but brandon sifted a large amount of sugar into his glass and poured the dark liquid over it . 
 he took a sip of the concoction and regarded me with disapproval . 
 `` so you have mixed yourself up with the murder in hanover square . 
 sergeant pomeroy told me . 
 he said you had asked him any number of questions about this horne fellow , then turned up to discover his murder . '' 
 i ran my finger around the rim of my glass . 
 `` i am taking an interest , yes . '' 
 `` why ? 
 did you know the fellow ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 brandon gave me a cold stare . 
 `` then i do n't understand why you 've involved yourself . '' 
 `` i happened to be there . 
 of course i am interested . '' 
 `` louisa told me about the girl he abducted . 
 did you murder him yourself ? '' 
 a passing gentleman heard the question and stared in astonishment . 
 brandon glowered at him until he hastily walked on . 
 `` believe me , sir , '' i said quietly , `` i had thought of it . '' 
 `` disgusted me , what louisa told me . 
 i can not really blame you for your anger this time . 
 but was n't someone arrested for the murder ? '' 
 `` the butler . 
 but i do n't believe he killed him . '' 
 `` why the devil not ? '' 
 i shrugged , pretending that sitting next to him did n't make me tense as a violin string . 
 `` a feeling , an instinct , i am uncertain what . 
 it also irritates me that everyone is happy to let him swing for it , mystery solved . '' 
 `` simple explanations are best , lacey . 
 you always want things to be complex . '' 
 i sipped my port . 
 `` the simple explanation is not always the right one . '' 
 `` but it usually is , is n't it ? '' 
 i knew brandon had stopped talking about bremer the butler . 
 he 'd always believed i 'd lied to him about louisa , which had made me realize that for all his bleating about honor , he did not really understand it . 
 i did not bother to answer . 
 what happened was over and done with , flogged to death long ago . 
 brandon held my gaze for a long time then finally turned away and studied his sweetened wine . 
 `` i admit , your taste for trouble has proved beneficial before . 
 you did find that would-be assassin while the rest of us were looking in the wrong place . '' 
 it was true that i had stopped an assassination plot against wellington , based on a chance remark overheard around a barrel of brandy purloined from a french officer . 
 some had admired me for it ; others accused me of currying favor . 
 the deed did not garner me a promotion , and the accusations eventually stopped . 
 but although brandon 's nearness irritated me until my teeth ached , i could not let pass the opportunity to use him as a source of information . 
 `` do you know lieutenant gale 's commanding officer ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` yes . 
 colonel franklin . 
 what about him ? '' 
 i studied the ruby red port in my glass . 
 `` i wondered why five cavalrymen were sent to put down the riot in hanover square the other day . 
 usually the military is n't called unless things are far out of hand . 
 this was only a handful of people throwing stones at one house . '' 
 `` perhaps they were taking precaution . '' 
 i raised my brows skeptically . 
 `` ask him yourself , '' brandon grunted . 
 `` i am not well enough acquainted with him to engage him in idle conversation . '' 
 something glinted in brandon 's eyes . 
 `` he knows you lambasted gale for it . 
 he likely wo n't speak to me either . '' 
 i slanted him an annoyed look . 
 `` if he happens to mention it ... '' `` i 'll write you . '' 
 we regarded another in silence . 
 i noticed that brandon had carefully not asked me why i had been seen at the opera with louisa several nights before . 
 but his eyes held winter chill , and his neck was red . 
 once , when i 'd first come to london , brandon had tried to apologize . 
 i had not let him . 
 he 'd never tried again . 
 he wanted my forgiveness , but he did n't want to extend the same forgiveness to me , and i knew it . 
 so it went . 
 we finished our port . 
 brandon feigned interest in billiards , and i declined , as he 'd known i would . 
 i felt his eyes on my back as i departed . 
 i never would have dreamed , as a lad of twenty , how viciously , and how completely , love could turn to hatred . 
 *** *** *** i took a hackney home . 
 i descended at grimpen lane and stumped to rose lane , wondering where to begin looking for grace , horne 's former maid . 
 john had n't been precise about where she was living . 
 i began inquiring at houses . 
 the third door i knocked on produced a mobcapped maid who seemed to know all the goings-on on the street . 
 she directed me to grace 's sister 's house , informing me that grace had recently been employed at a house in which the master had gotten himself murdered , just imagine . 
 i thanked the profuse woman , walked three houses down , and knocked at the door . 
 grace herself answered it , and her eyes widened in astonishment . 
 `` it 's you , is it ? 
 you 'd better come in , sir . '' 
 * * * * * chapter sixteen she opened the door and allowed me into a narrow hall that smelled of boiled vegetables . 
 `` you were mr. horne 's friend ; i know you were . 
 it 's a terrible thing . '' 
 her large eyes filled , and she drew a handkerchief from her pocket . 
 i followed her to a tiny , dark parlor in the front of the house , and we sat down facing each other . 
 `` i am trying to discover who murdered him , '' i said . 
 she sniffled into the cloth . 
 `` mr. bremer did , sir . 
 they arrested him . '' 
 `` but i do not believe he killed him . '' 
 the handkerchief came down . 
 `` to be truthful , sir , nor do i . 
 the master was stabbed something hard , and bremer could n't have done that with such force . 
 he had to have john carry trays up the stairs for him . '' 
 `` then who do you believe could have ? '' 
 her eyes were large in her tearstained face . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 john would be strong enough . 
 or cook . '' 
 `` did you find him ? '' 
 she started . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` mr. horne . 
 when i came upstairs that day , you were in the doorway to your master 's study . 
 you were crying . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i could n't believe my eyes . 
 there he was , the poor master . '' 
 `` did you find him ? 
 did you open the door and find him there ? '' 
 she shook her head vehemently . 
 `` i would never have gone in without his permission . 
 i would have knocked first . 
 no , bremer opened the door , and i looked inside . '' 
 `` why were you upstairs at all ? '' 
 the hand holding the handkerchief whitened . 
 her eyes moved past me , then back to my face , and she wet her lips . 
 the obvious explanation would have been that she was going about her duties . 
 but she brushed her lips again with her pale tongue and replied woodenly , `` i was fetching something . 
 for bremer . 
 when he came to open the door , i looked into the room . '' 
 i pretended to believe her . 
 `` were you fond of your master ? '' 
 she relaxed . 
 `` oh , yes , indeed , sir . 
 a kind gentleman he was , always giving presents and the like , and letting us have more days out than most . 
 i 'd have done anything for him . '' 
 `` including locking a girl in an attic and giving her opium to keep her quiet ? '' 
 her handkerchief came down . 
 `` aimee would whine and fuss so , just because the master liked to play a little . 
 lily were much more of a lady . 
 she always did what she was told . '' 
 a hard edge entered my voice . 
 `` do you know what happened to lily ? '' 
 `` the master sent her away , did n't he ? 
 not surprising , really . 
 he had set her up nice and proper , but she did n't like it one bit . 
 ungrateful cow . '' 
 `` you said she always did what she was told . '' 
 `` oh , indeed . 
 but with such airs , she did . 
 like she was being put upon , instead of the master favoring her . 
 i 'd have given anything to have the master 's favor . '' 
 i tasted bile . 
 at least bremer had been ashamed . 
 `` the day mr. horne died , how long were you upstairs ? '' 
 `` why do you want to know that , sir ? '' 
 she asked around the handkerchief . 
 `` were you there when mr. denis left ? '' 
 her eyes went round . 
 `` mr. denis was there ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he visited for a time . '' 
 `` oh . 
 i did n't know that . 
 i was out shopping for cook until ... why did he want to come there ? 
 bothering the master for money , i 'll warrant . 
 he was always writing the master letters , and the master would get fair put out when he got them . 
 but it was so much safer for him not to come . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` i do n't work for mr. denis , grace . '' 
 she regarded me in astonishment . 
 `` you do n't ? 
 but i thought ... '' `` you thought i was a go-between . 
 why did you think that ? '' 
 `` who do you work for , then ? 
 the magistrates ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i am working for aimee , and lily , who was really a young lady called jane thornton . '' 
 she gave me a puzzled look that wondered why i 'd want to do anything for them . 
 `` i thought you were with mr. denis . 
 he always sent someone different . 
 safer , was n't it ? 
 mean of you to let me think you came from him . '' 
 `` what time did you return from your shopping that day ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , do i ? 
 maybe about three . '' 
 denis would have been gone by then , if john had told me the truth that he 'd let the man out at half past two . 
 `` and you went upstairs ? '' 
 `` i gave cook her things and listened to her snarl about them . 
 i slipped upstairs to get away from her . '' 
 `` what were you to fetch for bremer ? '' 
 grace jumped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she 'd already forgotten her lie . 
 i leaned forward . 
 `` what did bremer tell you to fetch for him ? '' 
 her face reddened . 
 `` oh . 
 i do n't remember . '' 
 `` you went upstairs on your own . 
 bremer had nothing to do with it . 
 why ? '' 
 she gave me a confused look . 
 `` why do you say so ? '' 
 `` because you had plenty of time to dash upstairs , go to your master 's study , stab him through the heart , and then pretend to be about your duties when bremer came and found him . '' 
 grace looked outraged . 
 `` i would never . 
 i would never have hurt mr. horne . 
 never , ever . '' 
 `` then why were you upstairs ? '' 
 `` that is n't your business , is it , sir ? '' 
 `` you tell me the truth or i 'll drag you off to the magistrate and you can answer his questions . 
 i 'll take you by the ear if necessary . '' 
 `` but i did n't kill him . '' 
 `` i do n't care whether you did or not . 
 i can make a magistrate believe it , and then you 'll go to newgate and bremer will go home . 
 so will you tell me ? 
 or shall we go to the magistrate ? '' 
 whatever grace read in my eyes made her whiten . 
 she glanced about as if looking for help but found none . 
 `` all right , i 'll tell you . 
 i was listening at the door . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she twisted the handkerchief . 
 `` always did , did n't i ? 
 when he was with her . 
 in case he needed my help . '' 
 `` help with what ? '' 
 a shrug . 
 `` anything . 
 sometimes she 'd fight him , and i 'd help him quiet her . 
 stupid girl . 
 i would n't have fought him . 
 ever . '' 
 `` so you were listening at your post that day , hoping horne would call for you . 
 what did you hear ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` nothing at all ? '' 
 grace shook her head , looking disappointed . 
 `` nothing . 
 but sometimes i ca n't hear nothing , no matter how hard i listen . 
 the door is a bit thick . '' 
 `` how long did you stay there ? '' 
 `` until i heard bremer coming upstairs . 
 then i hid until he opened the door . '' 
 i fell silent . 
 would she have heard the murder take place through the heavy wooden door ? 
 could the murderer have escaped between the time she fled and the time bremer reached the door ? 
 or had denis left him dead , annoyed with the man for not paying him for aimee and jane ? 
 or perhaps it had nothing to do with money . 
 perhaps horne simply could not be discreet . 
 anger boiled inside me . 
 none of horne 's people gave a damn about the two abducted young women , except perhaps john , who 'd become infatuated with aimee . 
 they cared only about a good place , high wages , or horne 's foul attentions , willing to look the other way at whatever the monster did . 
 i leaned to grace again . 
 `` where is jane thornton ? '' 
 her brow wrinkled . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` i just told you . 
 the girl called lily . 
 where is she ? 
 what did horne do with her ? '' 
 `` how do i know ? 
 she was there one day , gone the next . 
 good riddance , i say . '' 
 `` did he take her somewhere ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' grace repeated in a hard voice . 
 `` i never asked . 
 most like she ran off . '' 
 `` she disappeared , and it did not occur to you to inquire ? '' 
 `` why the devil should i ? 
 i did n't like her . 
 why the master liked her , i 'll never understand . 
 such a milk-and-water miss . 
 no wonder she was chucked out in the end . '' 
 i held my temper barely in check . 
 `` she was a respectable girl from a respectable family . '' 
 `` why did n't she go home , then ? 
 i wager it was she who done the master . 
 she crept into the house and killed him . 
 you should be trying to arrest her . '' 
 i rose . 
 `` i have not ruled out the possibility that you murdered him , grace . 
 you had plenty of time and plenty of opportunity . 
 and you were jealous . '' 
 she sprang to her feet , her eyes blazing . 
 `` how dare you say that to me . 
 as if i 'd ever have hurt him . 
 they arrested mr. bremer , did n't they ? 
 not me . '' 
 `` but you were alone upstairs , listening at the door , and you disliked him giving his attentions to aimee and jane . '' 
 grace 's eyes widened , her voice rising with hysteria . 
 `` you ca n't prove that . 
 a magistrate would never believe you . '' 
 but a magistrate most likely could and would . 
 from the fear in her eyes , she knew that . 
 `` i never killed him , '' she repeated breathlessly . 
 `` i never would . '' 
 i left her standing in the middle of the dingy sitting room , her mouth open in fear and outrage . 
 i opened the door to the dark rain and let myself out . 
 *** *** *** my rooms in grimpen lane gave me a cold and cheerless greeting . 
 the fire had died and flakes of plaster floated down as i slammed the door . 
 i limped to the fireplace , shivering , knelt , and began the tedious process of striking a spark to ignite the coal . 
 as the tiny flame licked over the dead black coals , i remained kneeling , staring into the fireplace . 
 london was so damn cold and dank and dreary after the bright heat of india and portugal and spain . 
 in wellington 's army , i had fought for my life and watched men die , endured disease and heat and the near madness of grief . 
 but i had lived . 
 every day , i had lived , as grenville said i had . 
 he envied me for it . 
 here , i existed . 
 i did not fit in to london , and it did not know what to do with me . 
 a career required money , connections , and influence , and i had none of those . 
 marriage required the same . 
 many a man without wealth or the right family might ship himself to the colonies of jamaica or antigua , but plantations there were built on the backs of slaves , and i could not be a part of that vileness . 
 i rested my face in my hands and thought of spain , of the long days and weeks as we slowly , slowly pushed bonaparte back to france . 
 summer nights had been warm there , balmy . 
 i had known a spanish woman , a farmer 's young wife . 
 she had not been beautiful , but her cup of water , delivered to me with gentle hands , had brought me back from death . 
 she and her two small children had nursed me in a tiny farmhouse miles from anywhere . 
 her husband had been killed by french soldiers , and she lived off the remains of the farm , hidden far from the lines of battle . 
 upon reflection , i ought to have remained there . 
 the army and brandon and wellington had thought me dead . 
 easy to have let them believe it and finished my life on that spanish farm with olietta and her two little boys . 
 but i had been fevered to get back to my regiment , to reassure everyone that i was still alive . 
 i wondered whether olietta would welcome me back if i journeyed to spain to find her again . 
 more than likely she 'd found a spanish man returning from the wars , happy to share the farm and her life with her . 
 i sent a silent greeting to her while the flame danced higher . 
 someone knocked on the door . 
 a fleck of bright yellow plaster , the color of the spanish sun , landed on my finger . 
 `` come , '' i said . 
 the door opened and shut behind me , but i remained staring at the fire . 
 melancholia took me that way sometimes , suddenly , rendering me unable to move . 
 a swish of silk and the scent of janet 's perfume , and she knelt beside me and smoothed my brow . 
 `` hello , my lad . 
 are you blue-deviled again ? '' 
 i turned my head and pressed a kiss to her palm . 
 `` as ever . '' 
 `` remember how i used to drive the blue-devils away ? '' 
 i remembered . 
 she kissed me . 
 i slid my hands around her waist . 
 a wisp of heat floated to me from the igniting coals , resuming the battle against the chill . 
 i laid janet down on the hearthrug and we loved each other on the hard and soot-stained floor . 
 not elegant , but we 'd shared less comfortable bed spaces in the past . 
 the coal flamed yellow , then settled into a steady red glow , prickling our skin with heat . 
 we took each other fiercely , hunger in our mouths and in our hands . 
 as i loved her , i remembered everything , the laughter , the foolishness , the unbearable summer heat , the brief , intense time when she had meant everything to me . 
 when we 'd finished , i drew her close . 
 `` i had just been thinking of spain . '' 
 `` i was thinking of portugal . '' 
 her eyes glinted . 
 `` how i told you that first night that i may as well sleep in your tent , as i had nowhere else to go . '' 
 `` and in my bed , as there was only the one . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she snuggled into my shoulder , her auburn hair snaking across my chest . 
 `` i never thought i would miss following the drum . '' 
 `` we did not know what the world was like . '' 
 `` and what one had to do to survive . '' 
 `` no , '' i answered , heartfelt . 
 we lay there in silence for a while as the fire warmed our bodies . 
 i breathed the scent of her , trying to forget the grim world outside , the cold beyond our circle of warmth . 
 half an hour passed . 
 she sat up and reached for her clothes . 
 i caught her around the waist and pressed a kiss to her belly . 
 `` stay . '' 
 `` i ca n't , my old lad . '' 
 `` my bed is not very comfortable , but i offer it to you anyway . '' 
 she pressed her fingers to my lips . 
 `` i truly ca n't , gabriel . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i licked her fingers . 
 she withdrew them , her face reddening . 
 `` i ought to have told you right away . 
 sergeant-major foster has found a house in surrey . 
 he wants me to go and live with him there . 
 i came here today intending to say good-bye . '' 
 * * * * * chapter seventeen `` you are quick to dash a man 's hopes , '' i said , trying to keep my voice light . 
 we stood in the chill staircase hall , both of us dressed , janet tying on a yellow straw bonnet with a blue feather . 
 `` i meant to tell you at once . 
 truly i did . '' 
 i folded my arms and leaned against the doorframe , my pulse beating fast and hard . 
 `` so you should have . 
 before you took pity on a fellow in his melancholia . '' 
 she flushed . 
 `` please do n't be angry with me , gabriel . 
 i came here on purpose to tell you i could not see you again . 
 but i found i could n't . 
 not so abruptly as that . '' 
 i regarded her steadily . 
 `` you could not before either , remember ? 
 when you left me for england ? 
 no promises , you said , no hopes . '' 
 `` it is better that way , is it not ? '' 
 `` i do n't find it so . '' 
 she studied me , her eyes still . 
 `` i thought you would understand . '' 
 `` that you would rather live with a man who 's come into money ? 
 did you decide that after you saw the state of my rooms , my poverty -- '' `` he invited me to live with him months ago . 
 he said that when he found a house he wanted , he 'd have me come and live with him . 
 he might even marry me . '' 
 my lips tightened . 
 `` then why were you so anxious to see me again ? 
 if you knew you already had better prospects ? '' 
 `` because when i saw you ... '' janet broke off , her eyes filling . 
 `` how can you ask me that ? 
 when you looked at me , and i knew you had n't forgotten me , i realized how much i 'd truly missed you . '' 
 i nodded , my throat tight . 
 `` and you assured me that foster was a mere acquaintance . '' 
 `` i did n't lie . 
 i truly do only see him in the pub . 
 i never thought he would find his house . 
 i thought he was just talking . 
 but today , he asked me . '' 
 `` you ought to have told me you were waiting for such an offer . 
 i might have beaten him to it . '' 
 she shook her head until her feather twitched from side to side . 
 `` i never expected anything from you . 
 i would not demand anything . 
 i thought we would come together and talk over old times , that is all . '' 
 i traced patterns on the doorframe . 
 `` perhaps i wish you to demand something of me . '' 
 she looked down and away . 
 `` mrs. brandon told me what you have become . 
 i ca n't be a burden around your neck , gabriel . 
 i wo n't . 
 you have burdens enough of your own . '' 
 i stilled , anger filling me . 
 `` what i have become ? 
 dear god , what the devil did she say to you ? '' 
 `` that you are hurt . 
 that you were broken . '' 
 `` so you came to pity me , did you ? 
 damn you . 
 why did n't you just stay away ? '' 
 her eyes flashed , answering my anger . 
 `` i did n't come to you out of pity . 
 i promise you that . 
 i came to find the man i 'd left on the peninsula . '' 
 `` that man is gone , janet . 
 i see on your face that you realize that . 
 and the man i am now is not the one you want , is it ? '' 
 `` gabriel , please do n't . '' 
 i caught her chin , twisting her face up to mine . 
 `` you do n't understand , do you ? '' 
 her eyes told me she did n't . 
 i leaned down and gave her a fierce kiss , and tears beaded on her lashes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 i lingered there , drinking her in , wishing to god i could buy her with houses in surrey and that i could still dash through a rain-drenched camp just to bring her coffee . 
 i released her . 
 `` do n't worry , janet . 
 i know when i 've lost . '' 
 `` there are reasons . 
 i promise you , someday , i will tell you my life story , and we will have a good laugh . '' 
 `` a good laugh . 
 is that what we are sharing now ? '' 
 janet 's gaze flicked to mine . 
 `` you always did know how to hurt , gabriel . 
 you have a cruelty in you that frightens me . '' 
 `` perhaps it keeps me from being pitied . '' 
 `` god help whoever pities you . '' 
 i let out a breath . 
 when i spoke , i forced my voice to soften , though the anger did not leave me . 
 `` to lose you again so soon after finding you is difficult to bear , janet . '' 
 she touched my cheek . 
 `` you will never lose me . 
 you ca n't imagine how fond i am of you , my old lad . '' 
 i seized her wrist and pressed a kiss to it . 
 and then , despite my pride and my temper , i let her go . 
 she gave me a crooked smile , janet 's warm smile , and she turned away and went down the stairs . 
 her footsteps echoed in the cold staircase and then were gone . 
 i leaned back against a painted shepherdess and closed my eyes . 
 i 'd had nothing to offer her , no reasons to expect janet to stay . 
 i had known when she 'd left me in spain that we would drift together and then apart again , without bond , without promise . 
 but i no longer wanted that . 
 i wanted something more . 
 my wounded spirit told me to go after her and beg her to stay . 
 my pride and anger forbade it . 
 as i leaned there , i remembered another loss , years and years ago , that had torn me apart until i 'd gone nearly mad with grief . 
 only louisa 's quiet voice and her hand in mine had saved my life that time . 
 i reflected with ironic mirth that this loss was comparatively easy to bear . 
 footsteps clattered above me . 
 i opened my eyes to see marianne simmons tramping down the steps , a folded newspaper in her hand . 
 she peered at me in the gloom , her yellow ringlets a golden halo around her sweetly rounded face . 
 `` devil a bit , lacey , i thought she 'd never go . 
 who was she ? '' 
 i straightened up . 
 `` someone i knew long ago . '' 
 marianne gave me a cynical look . 
 `` so i concluded from your argument . 
 in my opinion , you are better rid of her . 
 that kind of woman wants to be sheltered , is afraid of being alone . 
 she truly would be a burden around your neck . 
 you need a girl with more pluck . 
 one who does not need you . '' 
 i smoothed my hair back from my brow , trying to cool my temper . 
 `` my private affairs are my own business , marianne . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` then best not discuss them in an open stairwell . 
 but that is n't why i came down . 
 did you put this advertisement in the newspapers ? '' 
 she held up a copy of the times . 
 `` wherever did you find ten guineas ? '' 
 `` grenville is paying it . '' 
 `` ah , the famous mr. grenville . 
 but i may be able to help you . '' 
 `` help me how ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i might know where this girl went . 
 was she belly-full ? '' 
 i nodded , trying to suppress my twinge of hope . 
 i knew enough about marianne not to take her words for absolute verity , especially not where money was involved . 
 `` very likely . '' 
 `` all right then . 
 i know a place she might have gone . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` show me the ten guineas . '' 
 i made an impatient noise . 
 `` grenville will pay it . '' 
 `` let us pay a call on mr. grenville , then . '' 
 `` he 's gone to somerset , '' i said . 
 `` then i 'll wait . '' 
 i took a swift step toward her . 
 marianne backed away , clutching the newspaper . 
 `` if you beat me , lacey , i wo n't tell you a thing . '' 
 `` i am not going to beat you . 
 the girl 's father is dying . 
 each day i delay finding her might mean the end of him . 
 if you know where she is , i swear to you on my honor you will get your ten guineas when grenville returns . '' 
 marianne pursed her childlike lips and tilted her head to one side . 
 i imagined that when she regarded her rich dandies thusly , they fell all over themselves to please her . 
 `` i suppose if i have your word . 
 you usually keep it . '' 
 `` a gentleman 's word is his honor . '' 
 she gave me a pitying look . 
 `` you have not met some of the gentlemen i know . 
 very well . 
 shall we go ? '' 
 *** *** *** i rented a hackney at a stand and made marianne accompany me to the strand first , where i asked alice to come with us . 
 i did not know what jane thornton looked like , and i did n't trust marianne not to play a trick on me for the dazzling prospect of ten guineas . 
 marianne directed us to long acre then along drury lane toward high holborn . 
 after traveling this thoroughfare for a few minutes , we turned to a narrow lane and a little house that looked no different from the somber brick houses surrounding it . 
 i raised a hand to ply the knocker , but marianne stepped square in front of me and seized the knocker herself . 
 the door was open by a sullen maid with greasy hair and clean apron . 
 `` what ` ya want ? '' 
 was her greeting . 
 marianne walked right in . 
 `` i 'm looking for my sister . '' 
 the maid glared at me and alice . 
 `` who 're they ? '' 
 `` my brother and my maid . '' 
 the woman 's look told me she no more believed her than if she 'd said it had suddenly become july . 
 but she stood aside and let us in . 
 the house had seemed quiet on the outside , but noise filled the inside . 
 voices poured down the stairs , women 's voices : laughing , weeping , shouting , cursing , singing . 
 an angry tirade rose in the upstairs hall . 
 `` give that back , ye thieving bitch ! '' 
 a door slammed , cutting off the rest of the argument . 
 this was no brothel . 
 the house had no comfortable front parlor for gentlemen to gather for cards or to talk sport before seeking a different sort of sport upstairs . 
 no madam or abbess met us to rub her hands and offer me her finest -- or call her bully-boys when she realized she 'd not get any money out of me . 
 but this was not a boardinghouse either . 
 it resembled a boardinghouse , but the atmosphere was wrong . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i asked marianne . 
 the maid had tramped away down the back stairs . 
 `` it 's a house where girls can come who need a rest . 
 or to lie low . 
 or for a lying in . 
 mostly for that . '' 
 i craned my head and looked up the dark , dusty stairs . 
 `` who is the benefactor who lets them stay ? '' 
 `` there is no benefactor . 
 they pay to stay here , same as any boardinghouse . 
 nine pence a week , bed and board . '' 
 `` you think jane might have found her way here ? '' 
 `` could be . 
 a girl at the theatre told me yesterday that there 's a lady here that 's stayed a long time . 
 she came in same as the other street girls , but she 's not a street girl . 
 she talks genteel and is obviously well born and bred . 
 but she 's ruined like the rest of them . 
 she helps the other girls through their lying-in and talks to them when they 're blue-deviled . 
 they call her lady , but no other name . '' 
 my heart beat faster . 
 `` may i see her ? '' 
 `` cool your heels in the sitting room , lacey . 
 i 'll find her . '' 
 alice and i went to the small and dusty sitting room , while marianne skimmed her way up the stairs . 
 `` do you think it 's her , sir ? '' 
 alice asked . 
 `` it 's just what my lady would do -- never mind her own troubles to help others . '' 
 `` we 'll know soon enough , '' i said , though my characteristic impatience trickled through me and would n't let me sit . 
 i paced while alice watched me , not daring to hope . 
 after what seemed a long time , i heard marianne returning . 
 another pair of footsteps overlapped hers . 
 i turned , and alice jumped to her feet beside me . 
 marianne entered the room with a small young woman whose back was straight , her eyes large and brown , like a doe 's , but holding a calm serenity . 
 a white cotton fichu crossed her shoulders and tied at her sash , and she lightly touched it , as though it gave her comfort . 
 alice 's dark eyes filled with tears . 
 `` it ai n't her . 
 it 's not miss jane . '' 
 `` you are looking for someone ? '' 
 the young woman 's voice was polite , but her tone held caution . 
 `` a girl called jane thornton , '' i said . 
 `` or she might have used the name lily . '' 
 `` you are her brother ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` her family is looking for her . 
 i 'm helping them . '' 
 the woman assessed me a moment then relaxed a fraction , as though i 'd passed some test . 
 `` if she came here , sir , then she is truly lost . '' 
 alice sat down abruptly . 
 `` you 've not seen her ? '' 
 i asked the woman . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 've lived here since epiphany and have met no one by those names . 
 she may have used another name , of course . '' 
 `` you help the girls here ? '' 
 lady inclined her head . 
 `` i 'm one of them . 
 i help as i can . 
 i like to be useful . 
 i too am lost , as they are . '' 
 my curiosity grew despite my disappointment . 
 `` you came here for sanctuary ? '' 
 `` i came here for my-lying in . 
 i decided to stay , as i had nowhere else to go . '' 
 lady met my gaze with eyes calm and strong , but i saw grief in them . 
 there were no signs or sounds of children here . 
 if her child had not died at birth , she 'd have given it up to someone else 's care . 
 i read in her that the decision had been a painful one . 
 her acceptance made my anger flare . 
 `` and the name of the blackguard who made it necessary for you to come to this place ? '' 
 to my surprise , lady smiled . 
 `` i will keep that to myself , sir . 
 the sin was not all on his side , and i have been punished . '' 
 had he been punished ? 
 i wished with all my heart she 'd tell me his name so i could break his neck . 
 i needed to put at least one person 's wrongs right . 
 i handed her one of my cards . 
 `` if you hear of a girl called jane thornton , or lily , or if she comes here , please send for me . 
 her family are worried . '' 
 she took my card , read it , and looked as though something amused her . 
 `` i will send word , of course , captain . '' 
 i thanked her , and we departed . 
 another argument began above stairs as we left that house , disappointed and dejected . 
 i looked back once before ascending the hackney , and saw lady framed in the sitting room window , her white fichu bright against the dark panes . 
 she looked back at me , but did not raise her hand or nod in farewell . 
 we traveled back down drury lane toward the strand . 
 carriages from mayfair were just making their way toward the theatre royal , the glittering coaches and glittering people emerging a sharp contrast to the wretches who scrambled to get out of their way . 
 beggars thrust hands at the fine ladies with diamonds in their hair until liveried footmen drove the beggars away . 
 across the road , street girls sashayed back and forth and called to the men . 
 two well-dressed gentlemen broke away to speak to them , never mind the respectable ladies who stood not a yard from them . 
 i did n't see the brandon carriage anywhere around the theatre , and grenville was out of town . 
 lady aline carrington , however , was there in full force , i saw as we passed , the gossipy mr. gossington with her . 
 our one-seated hackney was crowded with the three of us . 
 alice , stuffed between myself and marianne , sniffled into a handkerchief , and marianne crossed her arms and glared out the window , not bothering to hide her disappointment . 
 we reached the strand , and i stood down to help alice out at the end of the lane to the thorntons ' lodgings . 
 marianne did not speak to me as we rolled up southampton street and through covent garden to russel street and grimpen lane . 
 i paid my shillings and caught up to marianne waiting upstairs outside my door . 
 she swung around as i stepped off the landing . 
 `` what about my ten guineas ? '' 
 my mood had soured considerably . 
 `` we did not find miss thornton . '' 
 `` i know , but i led you to a good place . 
 if she 's belly-full , it 's likely she 'll go there . 
 i can use the blunt . '' 
 `` god damn your ten guineas , marianne . '' 
 she reddened . 
 `` i like that ! 
 i go out of my way to do you a bit of good , and you throw curses at me . '' 
 i strode into my sitting room and crossed to the writing table . 
 i scribbled grenville 's address on the back of one of my cards , returned to the hall , and thrust the card at her . 
 `` give grenville time to return from somerset , then go ask for your bloody ten guineas . 
 tell him i sent you . '' 
 i closed the door on her startled face . 
 the image of grenville 's expression when she turned up on his doorstep filtered through my melancholia , and just for a moment , i let myself feel amused . 
 *** *** *** the next afternoon , i took a hackney to curzon street , the heart of mayfair , pulling up , just at the stroke of three , in front of the house james denis had directed me to . 
 the house reminded me strongly of grenville 's . 
 the outside was plain , without ostentation ; the inside was elegant , tasteful , quiet , and expensive . 
 i paused before a painting on the landing , which depicted a young girl standing by a window , pouring water from a jug . 
 the bright yellows and blues and greens were astonishing . 
 i recognized the painter , one of the dutch school of the late seventeenth century . 
 the painting was exquisite , rare , genuine . 
 the footman 's dry cough tugged me away , and i followed him up the polished staircase . 
 a sharper contrast to horne 's household could not be imagined . 
 everything here spoke of refinement , of a person who knew the value of things and what made them precious . 
 the footman opened two double doors of rich walnut and ushered me into a library . 
 the room smelled of books and wood and of a fragrant fire on the hearth . 
 my boots sank into a red and black oriental carpet without sound . 
 mr. denis sat behind a large desk devoid of everything but one small stack of clean paper , a bottle of ink , and a pen . 
 he was much younger than i 'd expected ; i put him to be in his late twenties at most . 
 his hair was brown , close-cropped , and curled naturally , and his eyes were small under black brows . 
 his mouth was straight and long , his face square . 
 he rose while the doors closed behind me and motioned for me to advance . 
 as i limped forward , i noticed the large man standing still as a statue near the window . 
 his arms were folded across his large chest , and he watched me from heavy-lidded eyes , as though he were half-asleep . 
 denis came around the desk and shook my hand . 
 he was of a height with me . 
 his face might be described as handsome , but when i looked into his dark blue eyes , i saw nothing . 
 no emotion , no speculation , no thoughtfulness . 
 nothing . 
 if eyes were windows to the soul , the shutters of james denis were firmly closed . 
 `` please sit down , captain . '' 
 denis returned to his desk and rested his hands on the bare surface before him , as if fully expecting to be obeyed . 
 a pair of damask chairs waited in the middle of the carpet . 
 i moved to one of them and sat . 
 denis studied me a moment with his emotionless eyes . 
 `` please clarify something for me . 
 are you an acquaintance of mr. grenville or of mr. horne ? 
 it is most unlikely for a gentleman to be both . '' 
 `` grenville is the acquaintance , '' i answered . 
 `` i met horne by chance . '' 
 `` and you prevailed upon horne to write to me for an appointment . 
 why ? '' 
 `` he told me that you obtained things for gentlemen . '' 
 denis inclined his head a fraction . 
 `` i have , in the past , provided certain assistance to people i know . 
 i do not know you . 
 what is it that you hoped me to find for you ? '' 
 i made an uncomfortable movement , but i was determined to brazen it out . 
 `` a young lady . '' 
 `` i see . 
 for what purpose ? '' 
 `` what do you mean , for what purpose ? 
 for what purpose do you suppose ? '' 
 `` you might have a benevolent streak and wish to adopt an orphaned young woman to raise as your own . 
 or you might want a companion to share the rest of your hopefully long life . 
 or you simply might want someone upon whom you can relieve your base lusts . '' 
 a trickle of perspiration slid down my back . 
 `` it is the latter , i am afraid . '' 
 denis regarded me for a long moment . 
 when he spoke , his voice was even more colorless , as though he regarded me with distaste . 
 `` you could obtain such a thing for yourself . 
 london has an unfortunately large commodity of women for just that purpose . '' 
 `` i do not want a girl from the streets . 
 i want -- a young lady . '' 
 i had difficulty making my mouth form the words . 
 `` and you believe i can find one for you . '' 
 `` as you did for mr. horne . '' 
 in the silence , a green log popped and a smattering of sparks hissed back into the fire . 
 `` he told you this ? '' 
 `` not in so many words . 
 i drew the conclusion . '' 
 denis studied me for a long time , his expression still neutral . 
 finally he spoke , as though ending an internal debate . 
 `` what i obtained for mr. horne cost him a large sum of money . 
 a very large sum . 
 such a thing was difficult , dangerous , and i must admit , distasteful . 
 you , captain , can not afford it . '' 
 `` no , '' i said . 
 `` but mr. grenville can . '' 
 his lids lowered briefly . 
 `` mr. grenville would hardly lend you money so that you could satisfy yourself on a respectable virgin . 
 he is careful of his acquaintance and unlikely to cultivate a friendship with a man of such disgusting tastes . '' 
 i made a conspiratorial gesture . 
 `` he does not need to know . '' 
 `` he knows everything about you , '' denis said . 
 his blue eyes bored into mine . 
 `` as do i. i suggest , captain , that you drop the pose . '' 
 * * * * * chapter eighteen i said calmly , `` i have always been bad at lying . '' 
 denis sat back and rested his hands , palms down , on the desk . 
 `` yes , your skills are remarkably ill developed . 
 what is it you truly came here to discuss ? '' 
 i looked him straight in the eye . 
 `` miss jane thornton . 
 and her maid . '' 
 nothing , not even a flicker of recognition . 
 `` who are they and what have they to do with me ? '' 
 my pulse beat faster . 
 `` you procured them for mr. horne . 
 the late mr. horne . '' 
 `` i did read in the newspaper of mr. horne 's unfortunate death . 
 london is a dark and violent city , captain . '' 
 `` you destroyed an entire family , damn you . 
 for his paltry fee . '' 
 denis 's smooth fingers tightened the barest bit . 
 `` if i had done what you accuse me of , the fee would not have been paltry , i assure you . '' 
 i no longer tried to rein in my temper . 
 i 'd had enough of people caring nothing for the missing jane , and for aimee , frightened and destroyed . 
 i rose . 
 `` you procured her , and you sold her , just as you sold the painting to grenville and his friend . '' 
 i sensed a movement beyond my right shoulder . 
 the man at the window , no longer looking half-asleep , had come alert . 
 denis gave him a small , subduing gesture . 
 `` gentlemen sometimes ask me to obtain for them things that others can not . 
 it is expensive . 
 one needs planning , the right contacts . 
 i can do what they ca n't . 
 that is all . '' 
 `` you cloak it in vague words , but you sold her the same as you would a prostitute to a nunnery . '' 
 faint color touched his cheeks . 
 `` if you have come here to crusade , i suggest you rethink your position . 
 i know you 've questioned my coachman , and you questioned horne and grenville . 
 but i warn you , captain . 
 do not interfere in my business . 
 you do not have the power or wealth to do so with impunity . 
 and do not think to hide behind your friend grenville . 
 his greatest quality is his discretion . 
 he will not help you . '' 
 `` do you expect me to turn my back as you ruin young women and their families ? '' 
 `` you must do as you please , of course . '' 
 i rested my fists on his desk . 
 `` horne did n't pay you for it either , did he ? 
 that 's why you went to see him the day he died . '' 
 denis steepled his fingers and regarded me quietly over them . 
 `` my financial arrangements are my own affair . '' 
 `` i know horne owed you money . 
 that fact has not been hidden . 
 did you murder him , then ? 
 because he would not pay ? '' 
 `` how foolish for me to kill a man who owed me money . 
 i prefer to have money in my coffers than blood on my hands . '' 
 `` and you would n't be able to pursue his heir for it , because you would have to explain the business transaction , '' i said . 
 `` i doubt you keep any records . 
 i suppose i will have to satisfy myself with the fact that you will never see tuppence for jane thornton 's ruin . '' 
 denis regarded me through another long silence before he unclasped his hands . 
 `` i admire your bravery , captain . 
 very few men would think to enter my house and make such accusations to my face . 
 or perhaps you do not understand your danger . '' 
 `` i was warned . '' 
 grenville had told me not to come here alone . 
 pomeroy had told me i was insane . 
 i was beginning to think they were both right . 
 `` and you came anyway ? '' 
 denis asked . 
 `` i must say , you have astonished me . '' 
 he rose . 
 `` i bid you good day , captain . '' 
 my breath came fast , and i did not take his outstretched hand . 
 `` i ca n't say i wish you good health . '' 
 the corners of his mouth twitched the slightest bit . 
 `` you are refreshingly blunt , captain . 
 but have a care . 
 do nothing more to inquire into my business . 
 it is not worth it . '' 
 his eyes , again , held no menace , but i sensed a cold ruthlessness behind them . 
 that coldness no doubt inspired fear in those who became acquainted with him . 
 i had lost my fear long ago . 
 i did not say good-bye . 
 i turned without word and left him . 
 *** *** *** i returned to my rooms , enraged and no further forward . 
 yesterday , i had believed that denis murdered horne , but after meeting him , i changed my conclusion . 
 i believed denis when he said he would have gotten more out of horne if the man had remained alive . 
 denis must have been in a fair temper with horne in order to pay him a personal visit . 
 i toyed with the idea that denis had told the brute of a man who 'd stood guard in denis 's study to physically frighten horne , and said brute had accidentally killed him , but i discarded that idea as well . 
 denis was too careful . 
 the brute would not have made a mistake . 
 and denis certainly would not have murdered a man when he 'd been publicly seen paying a call on him . 
 but no one else had called on horne that day . 
 i was back to nothing . 
 perhaps the wretched bremer had murdered his master after all . 
 or the cook had , because horne had n't sufficiently appreciated her sweetmeats . 
 or hetty had in a fit of zealous righteousness . 
 or the frail aimee had , then tied herself up and locked herself in the cupboard from the outside , all the while managing not to get a drop of blood on herself . 
 i seized my notes from the writing table and flung them into the fire . 
 all my efforts had produced nothing . 
 grenville was still pursuing the question of charlotte morrison in somerset , while i blundered about london to no avail . 
 my leg ached , i 'd spent a fortune on hackney coaches , and i 'd done nothing useful . 
 no , janet had found me useful . 
 she 'd amused herself with me while waiting to run off to surrey with her new protector . 
 i realized suddenly that marianne , of all people , had been right . 
 janet had always latched herself on to those who could help her most . 
 she 'd fixed her hold on me when she 'd been reduced to promising her favors to the winner of a card game . 
 she 'd fixed on her sister 's neighbor , mr. clarke , after her sister had died . 
 she had fixed on foster now that he was in a position to make her comfortable once more . 
 my anger spun around and settled deep inside me . 
 for the first time in my life , i contemplated killing a man in cold blood . 
 james denis would never be touched by conventional justice . 
 he was too careful , and even the bow street runners were afraid of him . 
 pomeroy had compared my bearding denis in his den to charging a hill full of artillery . 
 perhaps he 'd been right . 
 i 'd charged that hill because if i had n't , the battle would have been lost and many would have died . 
 the french had gambled all on that battery of guns . 
 my sergeants had almost refused to give the order , but i had bullied them down . 
 and i 'd been right . 
 the guns were trained to blast the squares of infantrymen and rifles below ; they 'd not anticipated a cavalry charge on their flank . 
 straight up that hill we 'd gone , and captured the guns before they 'd been able to turn them around . 
 would not killing james denis be the same thing ? 
 i could make another appointment with him , take a primed pistol in my coat , and shoot him across that empty desk of his . 
 or i could wait until he was returning home from an outing , open the carriage door , and shoot him then and there . 
 jane thornton would be avenged , and london rid of a cold-blooded menace . 
 i would no doubt lose my own life in the process . 
 i had noted the alertness of denis 's bodyguards and knew they were well paid to stop hotheads like me . 
 but what did i have to lose ? 
 the society i lived in viewed any physical blemish with horror , and here i was , a lame man half out of my mind with melancholia , trying to be accepted as a gentleman on that society 's terms . 
 i never would or could . 
 i saw for myself days and nights spent in melancholia , or in trying to forget i had no life to speak of . 
 who would regret my leaving it ? 
 louisa might . 
 louisa . 
 i repeated her name silently , clinging to it to bring me back from black despair . 
 louisa cared . 
 her caring had been the only thing that had kept me alive after her husband had done his best to kill me . 
 i needed to see her . 
 i 'd received another letter from her today about her damned supper party with the admonition that i attend . 
 i would have to disappoint her . 
 i was in no mood to make inane small talk at a gathering that would include her husband . 
 i contemplated rushing out and shooting denis at once , so as to have an excuse to avoid louisa 's dinner . 
 the joke relieved neither black humor nor my need to speak to her . 
 i left my rooms and walked to covent garden theatre on the chance louisa had attended tonight , but i did not see the brandon carriage among those milling nearby . 
 i did not see nance either . 
 i cringed at the thought of journeying to the brandon house in mayfair and refused to dash about town looking for her . 
 in the end , i paid a visit to the thorntons , and i found louisa there . 
 `` i thought you 'd be deep in whist at lady aline 's , '' i said , sitting down in the thorntons ' bare front parlor . 
 alice returned to a footstool before mrs. thornton , pale and worn , who was nodding off over a skein of wool . 
 `` i was n't in the mood for cards tonight , '' louisa answered . 
 the red and blue and gold wool she was winding made bright splashes on her brown cotton gown . 
 her gray eyes and the thin bandeau winding through her hair were her only adornments tonight . 
 `` how is mr. thornton ? '' 
 i asked . 
 alice glanced at me . 
 `` the same , sir . '' 
 i knew then i should not have come . 
 looking at them only made my heart harder . 
 i caught louisa 's cool hand . 
 `` talk to me . '' 
 she looked up , frowning , but what she saw in my face made her still . 
 she 'd known me for a long time , and she knew what i was capable of . 
 she gently pushed my hand away , and then she began to talk of things small and unimportant . 
 i closed my eyes and let her voice trickle through my anger , dissolving my despair , loosening the knot in my heart . 
 i remained there while she and alice spoke of the small things that made up everyday life , until i was able to trust myself to return alone to my rooms and so to bed . 
 *** *** *** i felt slightly better the next morning . 
 the post brought me a letter from grenville saying he was starting home at once and that somerset had proved interesting . 
 he did not elaborate . 
 i tossed his letter aside and opened my reply from master philip preston of number 23 , hanover square . 
 i 'd written him the previous day before i 'd set out for denis 's , asking formally for an appointment . 
 he 'd answered : dear captain lacey : i received your letter and thought it frightfully decent of you to write . 
 i 've been laid up since the end of michaelmas term , and they let me see no one , but if you 'd call at one o'clock today , i will ensure that you are admitted . 
 i know you have been investigating the murder next door , because i 've watched you out the window . 
 you also faced the cavalrymen who quelled the rioters , by yourself , which i thought very brave . 
 i 'd much like to meet you and talk about the murder . 
 your respectful servant , philip preston . 
 the slanted juvenile handwriting and the scattered ink blots made me smile a little . 
 i tucked the letter into my pocket . 
 at one , i emerged from a hackney in hanover square . 
 the weather had turned , and a hint of may and warmer spring lay on the breeze that broke the clouds . 
 may would also bring the wedding of the prince regent 's daughter , charlotte , to her prince leopold . 
 the festivities were already the talk of london . 
 after that , june would arrive with its long days of light . 
 i looked forward to summer , though i knew it would be gone all too soon . 
 the dreariness of most of the year did my melancholia little good . 
 i knocked at number 23 , managing to avoid looking at number 22 . 
 a butler , who might have been cast from the same mold as that of number 21 , answered the door . 
 he began to tell me that mr. preston was out , but i handed him my card and told him my appointment was with the young master . 
 an indulgent look touched his face that made him almost human . 
 `` of course , sir . 
 please follow me . '' 
 * * * * * chapter nineteen the butler led me through an echoing , elegantly furnished house with many pseudo-greek pilasters and doric columns and to the upper floors . 
 at the end of one hall , he stopped , knocked , and opened the door when a young voice bade us enter . 
 the room behind the double doors was stifling . 
 a fire roared high on the hearth and the windows were shut tight . 
 books littered the room , as did papers , broken pens , the remains of a microscope , and various other scientific-looking instruments . 
 philip preston himself hopped up from a divan . 
 he was a tall , spindly lad of about fourteen , and his voice had already dropped from childish shrill to pre-manly baritone . 
 i could n't tell if his thinness came from his illness , or if he simply had n't grown into the fullness of his body . 
 he moved jerkily , as though someone controlled him with strings , and he executed an awkward bow . 
 `` you are n't wearing your regimentals , '' he said in a disappointed tone after the butler had gone . 
 `` john next door , said you were in the cavalry . 
 the thirty-fifth light . '' 
 `` i was . 
 i only wear my regimentals on formal occasions . '' 
 he seemed to find this reasonable . 
 `` you are investigating the murder , are n't you ? 
 like a runner . '' 
 i moved newspapers aside and deposited myself on a chair . 
 `` not precisely like a runner . '' 
 runners got the reward money when a criminal was captured and convicted . 
 i would get nothing for my efforts but the satisfaction of preventing a man from being wrongly hanged . 
 `` i saw you talking to one . 
 big blond chap . '' 
 i inclined my head . 
 `` pomeroy . 
 yes , he is a runner . 
 he was one of my sergeants on the peninsula . '' 
 `` really ? 
 bloody marvelous . 
 who do you think did the murder ? '' 
 `` i came here to get your opinion on that . 
 i believe you watch out the window a good deal . '' 
 philip plopped himself on the divan . 
 `` i must . 
 i 'm not well , you see . 
 i came home last michaelmas with a fever and had it for a month . 
 i 'm still too weak to go back to school , mama 's doctor says . '' 
 i looked him up and down . 
 thin , yes , but his eyes moved restlessly , and the mess in the room did not speak of weakness . 
 `` you spend much time alone , '' i said . 
 `` i do . 
 mama is not well , either . 
 she stays most days shut up in her rooms and does n't come down . 
 she will go out with papa sometimes , but most days she will not . 
 papa stays out much of the time . 
 he has business . 
 he 's in the cabinet , you know . '' 
 ah . 
 that preston . 
 right hand to the chancellor of the exchequer . 
 a man like that would not have time to indulge a valetudinarian wife and a bored and lonely son . 
 `` do you ride at all ? '' 
 i asked . 
 philip 's eyes lit up , then dimmed . 
 `` i have my own pony . 
 but i do n't ride . 
 mama 's doctor said it would tire me . '' 
 i suspected mama 's doctor had discovered how to keep his fees rolling in from his wealthy patients . 
 `` we 'll take you and your pony to hyde park and i 'll teach to you ride like a cavalryman . 
 that means how to ride long distances without tiring yourself . '' 
 his face blossomed a wide grin . 
 `` would you , sir ? 
 i 'd be free monday . 
 that is -- oh , i see , sir . 
 you are being polite to me . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not at all . 
 good riding is a skill much admired in all gentlemen . 
 i will show you how even an ill lad can do it . '' 
 he nearly danced in his seat , then shot a doubtful look at my walking stick . 
 `` do you still ride ? '' 
 `` i can , '' i answered . 
 `` i will meet you on monday for a riding lesson , if you will tell me what happened out of the window the day mr. horne next door died . '' 
 philip waved his hand . 
 `` i can tell you all that . 
 my tutor was supposed to come that day , but papa dismissed him because he got into a disgrace -- the tutor , i mean -- and i did n't have anything to do . 
 i sat at the window and looked out . 
 really not much happened that day at all . 
 the maid , grace , went out in the morning , and then john , the footman . 
 he waved to me . 
 he talks to me sometimes . '' 
 `` what time was this ? '' 
 `` oh , very early . 
 about nine o'clock . 
 they regularly go out then . 
 grace comes back with a basket full of things , and john generally brings back parcels . 
 grace went out again , around one . 
 she was in a tearing hurry , and kept looking behind her as though afraid someone would see her . 
 she did n't look up at me . 
 she never does . '' 
 `` which way did she walk ? '' 
 he motioned . 
 `` off that way , toward oxford street . 
 she stopped to talk to a bloke at the turning . '' 
 `` did she ? 
 did you see what he looked like ? '' 
 he flushed . 
 `` i 'm afraid i did n't . '' 
 i waited . 
 a young man who knew the servants next door by name and knew all their routines should be able to describe a stranger to perfection . 
 but he looked at me shamefacedly . 
 `` the truth is , captain , i was n't looking just then . '' 
 `` perhaps you were looking at something else , '' i suggested . 
 he stood up and paced , hands behind his back , a perfect imitation of a gentleman owning up to his friends about a flaw in his character . 
 `` there 's a young lady who lives three houses down . 
 miss amanda osborne . 
 she came out and got into a carriage with her mother . '' 
 i hid a smile . 
 `` and she is very pretty , i expect . '' 
 his flush deepened . 
 `` i plan to marry her , you see -- when i am much older , of course . '' 
 i wondered if he referred to a marriage already arranged between their families , or if he 'd simply decided his course of life -- and hers -- already . 
 `` young ladies can distract us from our more rational purposes , '' i said . 
 he shot me a look that said he was grateful that we , both men of the world , understood . 
 `` the next thing that happened is that about a quarter past one , a fine carriage pulled up and stopped in front of number 22 . 
 i was supposed to go down to dinner , but i could n't take my eyes off the carriage . 
 it was polished wood , with gilding on the corners and on the door . 
 the wheels were black with gold spokes . 
 there was n't a crest on the door , and i 'd never seen the carriage before , so i could n't tell who it belonged to . 
 the horses were finer than my papa 's , finer than lord berring 's -- he lives on the other side of mr. horne . 
 they were bay horses , and each had one white foot . 
 it must have taken some doing to match them like that . '' 
 i leaned forward , my interest heightening . 
 `` and who got out of this carriage ? '' 
 `` a gentleman , sir , and his servant . 
 the servant was large and beefy , and had a red face . 
 the man that got out was tall and had dark hair . 
 i could n't make out his face well , because he did n't look up , but he was dressed fine . 
 all in black with a white neckcloth and a black cloak with a dark blue lining . 
 he looked like he could step right out to carleton house . 
 he sent his servant up to the door , then followed . 
 he was angry . '' 
 i drummed my fingers on my trousered leg . 
 `` how do you know ? 
 you said you could n't see his face . '' 
 `` well -- by the way he walked . 
 you know , moving quick , and stomping his feet . 
 impatient and annoyed , like he did n't want to be there . '' 
 `` how long did he stay ? '' 
 philip stared at the ceiling a moment . 
 `` about an hour or so . 
 they made me come down to dinner then , and when i finished and came back upstairs , the gentleman was just leaving . 
 that must have been about half past two . '' 
 `` was he still angry ? '' 
 philip tapped his cheek with his forefinger . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i only glimpsed him that time . 
 he went to the carriage with his cloak swirling , and climbed inside . 
 but he moved different . 
 i might almost say he seemed satisfied . '' 
 interesting . 
 i went on . 
 `` after this gentleman departed , did anyone else come to the house ? '' 
 `` no one all afternoon . 
 they had deliveries , as usual , but they went down to the kitchen . 
 two chaps with a cart and a lady with a basket . '' 
 `` were these the usual people who delivered ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they have different ones off and on . 
 the lady has been delivering for about a month , and i recognized one of the chaps , but not the other chap . '' 
 they would have gone to the kitchen , and all of the staff would have seen them . 
 only mr. denis , the fine gentleman with the fine carriage , had stopped to visit mr. horne through the front door . 
 `` and no one else ? '' 
 `` you came just as it was getting dark . 
 and then their boy legged it away fast and came back later with the runner . 
 i recognized you from the day before , when you stood up to the cavalrymen . 
 did you know the cavalry chaps ? '' 
 `` i knew the lieutenant . '' 
 `` you stopped them from hurting the lady . 
 and then you took the man and lady away . 
 did you cart them off to gaol ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i took them home . 
 the man , he 'd had much grief . 
 did he frighten you ? '' 
 philip shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not certain . 
 i watched him come and start beating on mr. horne 's door . 
 i could tell he was very angry and very unhappy . 
 he started screaming and pulling at his hair . 
 he certainly stirred the crowd , though . 
 i expected them to start breaking windows and charging into the houses , but they did n't . '' 
 he sounded disappointed . 
 `` they had n't much heart in them , '' i said . 
 `` the horsemen easily frightened them off . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` do you watch out the window at night as well ? '' 
 he weighed his answer , as though deciding what he should admit , then at last , he chose to trust me . 
 `` i do n't sleep much . 
 i watch people go out and then come back from their parties and the theatre . 
 when i grow up , i wo n't be ill , and i 'll go to balls and theatres and clubs all the time . '' 
 `` did much ever happen at number 22 at night ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 mr. horne hardly went out at all . '' 
 i pondered . 
 `` did anything out of the ordinary happen on a particular night , say three or four weeks ago ? '' 
 philip 's eyes lit with admiration . 
 `` how 'd you know , sir ? 
 that was the night the dark carriage came . 
 no lights on it at all . 
 i thought it was foolish and dangerous for it to go about like that . 
 it sat in front of mr. horne 's house for about a quarter of an hour . '' 
 `` did anyone get out of this carriage ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but someone got in . 
 it was n't mr. horne ; the man was too tall and bulky for him . 
 and he was carrying something over his shoulder , a carpet it looked like . 
 he got in , and the coach just went away . '' 
 a carpet . 
 or a bundled-up girl , unconscious or dead . 
 had horne killed her , or found some other means to rid himself of her ? 
 `` does it have something to do with the murder ? '' 
 philip asked eagerly . 
 i spread my hands . 
 `` it may have . '' 
 `` do you think the fine gentleman who arrived that afternoon was the murderer , then ? '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 `` he certainly was in the right place at the right time . '' 
 i imagined again denis flicking his little finger and his large manservant jumping to the task of stabbing horne to death . 
 i still thought it unlikely . 
 and the mutilation of the body did not fit . 
 i doubted that denis , with his emotionless eyes , would bother lopping off horne 's genitals . 
 it was almost as though that had been done by a different person entirely . 
 alertness streaked through my body as the thought came and went . 
 i reached for it again , turned it over slowly . 
 two different people . 
 threads wove and matched and fitted together . 
 `` i know bremer did n't murder him , '' philip was saying . 
 `` he 's too old , and he 's frightened of everything . 
 even a spider frightens him . '' 
 `` he is frightened , '' i said slowly . 
 `` but fear can be a very powerful motivation . '' 
 `` can it , sir ? '' 
 i nodded once , then rose and made a military bow . 
 `` it can . 
 i thank you for your candor , mr. preston . 
 it has helped me immensely . '' 
 *** *** *** i left philip then , reassuring him that i would not forget my promise to give him a riding lesson on monday . 
 i stopped at the newspaper office to inquire about further answers to jane 's whereabouts and found nothing . 
 i returned home , ate one of mrs. beltan 's buns without currants , and went upstairs . 
 later that day , i went to bow street and asked pomeroy if he knew of any new developments . 
 pomeroy replied in the negative and seemed surprised that i was n't satisfied with letting bremer hang for the crime . 
 bremer 's trial was monday , he told me . 
 it was saturday now . 
 i thought about what philip preston had told me about the dark carriage in the middle of the night and the bundle they had taken from number 22 . 
 that bundle had likely been jane . 
 but had she been dead or alive ? 
 had they taken her to a brothel or thrown her into the river ? 
 a coach needed a coachman . 
 from my inquiries about horne and his household , i knew he 'd kept no coach of his own , which meant he would have hired any he needed . 
 so he would have had to hire a carriage and a man to drive it . 
 i thought of the coachman nancy had found for me , jemmy -- who , in truth , worked for denis . 
 denis had put him in place with the carstairs , and i believed now that denis had removed him as well . 
 no doubt jemmy had reported my inquisitiveness to denis , his true employer . 
 i began making inquiries at coach yards , asking whether any remembered hiring out a coach to a gentry-cove in hanover square about a month previously . 
 none did . 
 i returned home as the sky darkened , and settled in to a cold supper of yesterday 's roast from the pub and a loaf of my landlady 's bread . 
 i returned to the subject of denis . 
 he had known all about me and what i wanted . 
 horne might have written him of my questions about jane thornton , but i doubted it . 
 the only people who had known of my interest in jane 's abduction other than horne had been jemmy and grenville . 
 i let my mind wander . 
 grenville had been eager to help , at his own expense . 
 he 'd been strangely interested in charlotte morrison 's disappearance and had dragged me to hampstead to investigate . 
 then he 'd volunteered to travel all the way to somerset to make further inquiries . 
 the night we 'd spent in hampstead , he 'd disappeared from the inn , and he 'd offered no explanation as to his whereabouts . 
 he might have only met an acquaintance , of course , or enjoyed walking about by himself , and he had no reason to inform me of his movements . 
 and his night wanderings in hampstead did not necessarily have anything to do with james denis . 
 but i still wondered why he 'd tried to keep what he did secret . 
 a knock on my door startled me out of my contemplations . 
 i had stared into the flames while i thought , and when i turned away , my eyes were dazzled , and i could barely see to cross the room . 
 a boy stood on the threshold with a letter and a hopeful look . 
 i took the letter and gave him tuppence . 
 the note was from grenville . 
 `` i traveled hard to reach home , and then i heard you had gone to see denis without me . 
 it was too bad of you . 
 i imagine you learned nothing on your own . 
 call ` round at my club tonight . 
 i have something to tell you and plans to make . 
 i 'll send my carriage at nine . '' 
 i pitched the crumpled ball of the letter into the fire . 
 i was tired of grenville summoning me like his errand boy . 
 i had displeased him ; he wanted me to grovel . 
 to hang on his every word and order as the rest of london did . 
 i seated myself at my writing table and wrote a letter back , telling him that i would call on him at my own convenience . 
 i let my annoyance seep into the letter , and i let myself imply what i thought of a man who could ruin an artist 's success with a simple frown and a person 's acceptability with a raise of his brows . 
 i was tired of his charity , and i refused to give up my integrity for grenville 's exquisite brandy and fine foods . 
 i ended by recommending that if he wanted to hear all about true living , he should attend louisa brandon 's supper party . 
 no doubt brandon would regale all present with detailed accounts of our adventures during the war . 
 his message had said he 'd send his carriage at nine . 
 shortly before nine , i left the note for mrs. beltan to post in the morning , and i went out . 
 i walked all the way to long acre , and then east and north , away from my usual haunts . 
 let grenville 's footman search the environs of covent garden for me in vain . 
 cool had come with the darkness , but the bitter cold of winter had gone . 
 the air had softened at last , and it was almost a pleasure to walk . 
 others must have felt the same , because the streets were crowded . 
 i went to a tavern i 'd never entered before . 
 the locals , working-class men with calloused hands , leathery faces , and good-natured banter , looked me up and down in suspicion as i entered . 
 these were the carters and wheelwrights and hostlers and a large man with knotted muscles who must have been a smith , catching time with their cronies before going home to sleep . 
 after i 'd settled onto a low stool by myself and remained sitting quietly , they left me alone . 
 i had a glass of hot gin , then a tankard of ale . 
 i was halfway through that and pleasantly warmed when black nancy danced into the room . 
 she looked about with wide , eager eyes , swishing her hips , then spotted me and rushed across the room . 
 `` there you are , captain . 
 i tried to follow you , but i lost you in long acre . 
 i had to ask everyone if they 'd seen a lame man walking alone . 
 a gent told me he 'd spied you coming in here , and here you are . '' 
 i set down my ale . 
 `` very clever of you . 
 i came here because i am not in the mood for company . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear yer say that . '' 
 she dragged a three-legged stool to my table , perched on it , and gave me a wicked smile . 
 `` i got something to offer yer . '' 
 i was not in the mood for her teasing . 
 i said sharply , `` which i have refused before . '' 
 `` not that . 
 i know i ai n't got a chance . 
 listen , captain , ye want to nab this bloke what nabbed your miss jane or miss lily , or whatever her name might be , do n't you ? '' 
 i nodded and sipped ale . 
 `` well , i can help ye there . 
 me and jemmy . 
 he thought it over , and he do n't like that he was made to do it . 
 that 's why he were so blackish when you questioned him . 
 but we thought of a way to get the bloke , and we need your help . '' 
 alarm stirred inside me . 
 `` what the devil are you talking about , nancy ? '' 
 nancy rested her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` do n't fret , captain , it will be simple . 
 all i have to do is get myself nabbed , and you catch him doing it . '' 
 * * * * * chapter twenty my response was instant . 
 `` no . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i knew you 'd say that . 
 me and jemmy , we got it all planned . '' 
 `` the man is far too dangerous , nance . 
 i do n't want you near him at all . '' 
 `` i wo n't get myself near him . 
 we worked it all out . 
 jemmy 'll volunteer to go out and nab me . 
 he 'll take me back to his master , and then you can come along with the magistrate and arrest him . 
 then you will make him tell us where your jane is , and me and jemmy split the ten guineas reward . 
 i would be rich . 
 you want me to be rich , do n't yer ? '' 
 i shook my head at her simplistic ideas . 
 `` mr. denis is not a usual kind of procurer . 
 he does n't want street girls , and it 's most likely that jemmy still works for him , and he 's only luring you , and me , into danger . 
 nancy snapped her fingers under my nose . 
 `` that 's all you know . 
 we already done it , anyway . 
 jemmy 's not stupid . 
 he 's proper handsome too . '' 
 she flicked her gaze up and down me , as though finding me wanting in comparison . 
 `` nance , do not do this , '' i said sternly . 
 `` do n't matter . 
 i 'm to meet jemmy , going midnight , behind the covent garden theatre . 
 you can come along , or jemmy and i will tumble him on our own . 
 we do n't need you to get our reward . '' 
 i caught her arm . 
 `` you and jemmy are a pair of fools . 
 this man is too dangerous . '' 
 `` let go of me . 
 you ai n't my father . '' 
 nancy 's voice carried . 
 heads turned . 
 the locals eyed me with disapproval . 
 `` if i were your father , i 'd lock you in the cellar . '' 
 she jerked from my grasp . 
 `` and i 'd scream the place down . 
 you ai n't my protector , neither . 
 if i was , i 'd do everything you said , always . '' 
 nancy fled from me . 
 i threw a crown on the table and hobbled after her . 
 the inhabitants watched me go , likely glad to be rid of me . 
 `` nance , '' i called into the night . 
 i heard her footsteps moving away through the narrow lane , but i could not see her in the darkness . 
 i hobbled after her , though i knew i 'd never catch her . 
 she was expert at disappearing . 
 i would just have to arrive at covent garden theatre a little early and spirit her away before she and jemmy could carry out their plan . 
 i had no cellar to lock her into , but i had the keys to mrs. beltan 's attics . 
 i could put her in there until the danger had passed . 
 she 'd not thank me , but at least she 'd be alive . 
 i went to another tavern closer to home and had another tankard in peace . 
 no black-haired girls with ridiculous ideas burst in to bother me , and if grenville 's lackeys were looking for me , they were not looking very thoroughly . 
 at half past ten , i returned to grimpen lane . 
 i did not see grenville 's carriage , or any of his efficient footmen , so i concluded they 'd decided it not worth waiting for me and had returned , empty handed , to grenville . 
 at half past eleven , i went to covent garden theatre , which reposed at the end of bow street . 
 the carriages of the wealthy still came and went in the front of the edifice , but behind it , darkness was complete . 
 i shone my lantern around the blackness of the narrow passages , but except for a rat and an old man who scurried away , i was alone . 
 the rat remained . 
 the clock at st. paul 's , covent garden struck the three-quarter hour . 
 running footsteps sounded , and i set my lantern down and stepped back into the shadows . 
 i recognized the light footsteps of nance , and presently , she trotted into the lantern 's feeble glow . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 she said , much too loudly for my comfort . 
 `` me . '' 
 her teeth glittered as she threw herself toward me . 
 `` aw , lacey , i knew you 'd come . '' 
 i seized her wrists and jerked her to me . 
 her eyes , close to mine , opened wide . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 are you trying to kiss me ? '' 
 `` no , i am restraining you . '' 
 she looked at me in alarm then , and drew in a long breath , preparing to scream . 
 i clamped my hand over her mouth . 
 she tried to kick me , but i pinned her against the wall with my weight . 
 she bit my hand . 
 i snarled at her . 
 she went suddenly limp and silent . 
 i jerked her upright and began to tow her back to the street , scooping up the lantern as i went . 
 she trotted along , sniffling . 
 at the corner of the theatre , four men stood waiting . 
 none were jemmy . 
 i took a step back , but they followed . 
 i tossed the lantern in one direction , and nance in another . 
 she squealed as she fell among the rubbish , and the lantern rolled and extinguished , plunging the passage in darkness . 
 the men struck . 
 i dodged swiftly and felt a breeze brush my face . 
 i wrenched my sword from my walking stick and clenched the scabbard in my other hand . 
 i heard a strike coming , and i lunged out . 
 a man grunted in surprise and pain . 
 they grappled with me in the darkness , trying to get under the reach of my sword , trying to get behind me . 
 i put my back to a rubbish heap and struck hard and fast . 
 sometimes i hit , sometimes i did n't , but it kept them at bay . 
 but for how long ? 
 i could not fight here forever ; already i was tiring . 
 i could n't depend upon nance to run for help . 
 she was crying loudly off in the darkness , making no effort to get away . 
 she might be hurt . 
 one of them might have her . 
 a blow got through and landed on my chest . 
 i exhaled sharply , but kept my feet and struck back with my fist and scabbard . 
 i felt teeth . 
 the man i hit cursed and spat . 
 a sudden light blinded me . 
 a lantern shone in my face , dazzling my eyes . 
 i quickly closed them and looked away , but too late . 
 a sharp blow fell on my left knee , and hot fire streaked through it . 
 i struck out . 
 in the light , another blow landed on my sword arm , then three men closed on me and wrenched the sword from my grasp . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 i recognized jemmy 's voice and sensed his flat face behind the lantern . 
 i fought on . 
 another kick to my bad leg wrenched a cry from my lips , and then my hands and face struck the pavement , rough cobbles stinging . 
 they kept pummeling me . 
 i curled inward , protecting my face and belly . 
 my knee was a mass of pain , and i could feel little else . 
 when the numb haze receded a little , i realized they 'd stopped hitting me . 
 i moved my arm , and heard myself groan . 
 sticky blood tickled my cheek . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 in the light of the bright lantern , i saw a slender foot in a soiled slipper inches from my nose . 
 `` it 's a fair turnabout , ai n't it , captain ? '' 
 nance asked softly , and then she kicked me in the face . 
 *** *** *** when i came to myself again , a long time later , i lay on a thin mattress and had a blanket thrown over me . 
 light -- daylight -- trickled through the broken slats of a wooden-shuttered skylight . 
 my limbs felt curiously heavy , and the fiery pain i 'd expected was now a dull , distant throbbing . 
 i tried to move and discovered my hands joined behind my back , the cords that bound them tight and biting . 
 my feet were likewise tied , my boots gone . 
 they had not covered my mouth . 
 i licked my dry lips , and drew a breath to call out , but only a whispered creak emerged , like a breath of wind through branches on a summer afternoon . 
 my bed -- no , the entire room , rocked gently , and i smelled mud and brine and filth . 
 shadows danced below the skylight , up and down , up and down , telling me that i was afloat . 
 somewhere . 
 the air held the stink of the city , not the clean smell of open water , so i assumed the thames , still in london . 
 was i alone ? 
 or did someone man the tiller ? 
 perhaps the boat would sink , taking me down alone to the bottom of the river , my body lost forever . 
 i was thirsty and hungry and terribly sleepy . 
 even in my alarm , my eyes drifted closed , my body seeking the oblivion from which it had risen . 
 when i opened my eyes again , the light was fading from the skylight . 
 a day had gone by . 
 only one ? 
 or two , or more ? 
 my befuddled mind had an inkling this was important , but i could n't make myself care . 
 at least the boat was still afloat . 
 i heard a man 's voice outside the cabin door , then another answering . 
 so i was n't alone . 
 perhaps they 'd shoot me first , before they scuttled the boat . 
 i went through my fuzzy memories . 
 i could not recall much of what happened after i 'd been pummeled by the four men and jemmy behind covent garden theatre . 
 i did remember lying in a darkened carriage , groans escaping my lips , and i remembered a hand forcing me to drink something bitter and burning . 
 opium . 
 that would account for my numb heaviness , my indifference as to my plight . 
 when the opium wore off , i 'd be wretched indeed . 
 my cracked lips formed a smile . 
 i 'd explain to louisa , if i ever saw her again , that i 'd missed her supper party because i 'd been drowned while trying to rescue a sixteen-year-old prostitute from her own stupidity . 
 nance had tricked me , and i 'd walked right into it . 
 she 'd known i would not be able resist trying to keep her out of my business , and she and jemmy had laid a simple trap . 
 jemmy worked for denis , and the four men who attacked me reminded me of the bully in denis 's library . 
 denis must have assumed i would n't be able to walk away from him without an attempt at retaliation . 
 he must have seen in my eyes the stupid idea of trying to shoot him before it had even formed . 
 so he 'd struck first . 
 the rickety door opened , and two large men entered -- i assumed to kill me . 
 they beat me instead . 
 soundly , thoroughly , with fists and cudgels , they pummeled my body until pain stabbed me even through the opium . 
 hoarse screams i could not control leaked from my mouth . 
 i looked straight at one man , into the same flat , uncaring eyes that denis possessed . 
 they departed , and i lay in a daze . 
 they say that opium promotes clarity of thought . 
 poets and musicians are said to use it to inspire great works . 
 i read little poetry , but music gave me joy , and it seemed to me that the strains of violin and pianoforte slid through my brain now , circling my thoughts . 
 the drug lifted my mind above the pain , divorcing feeling from thought . 
 while my body soiled itself and i lay there in the stink of my own blood and urine , the events of the last days sorted themselves out and lined up neatly and clearly . 
 philip had told me everything i 'd needed to know . 
 i 'd focused my wrath on denis , the man who discreetly acquired things for his customers ; his only consideration being how much they were willing to pay and how desperate they were . 
 no matter how denis dressed himself up , he was filth , and i knew it . 
 but through my disgust with him , i had blinded myself to a simple truth -- that not one person had visited horne 's house that day , but five . 
 bremer had nothing to do with horne 's death , had been as surprised as anyone to find him . 
 i 'd always known that in my heart . 
 but among those five people -- denis , denis 's bully , two men making deliveries , and one woman with a basket -- was the culprit . 
 mrs. thornton had carried a basket the day her husband had been shot in hanover square . 
 alice no doubt had a basket for shopping in the markets . 
 and who noticed a maid ? 
 who noticed a man who delivered things , for that matter ? 
 if mulverton , horne 's cousin , had been in a hurry for his inheritance , he could have dressed himself as a working-class man and come to the house with a bushel of turnips simply to see how things lay . 
 that was far-fetched ; i did not suppose for a moment that a gentleman from sussex would conceive of putting on shabby clothes and dirtying his face merely to see if he could put his cousin out of the way . 
 but i turned the possibility over in my mind , because what i truly believed was terrible , and i did not want to examine that belief too closely . 
 bremer was a better culprit . 
 an old man , who 'd been willing to do his master 's disgusting bidding , who would achieve fame on his way to the gallows . 
 i still did not know where jane thornton was , but i had a good idea of what had happened to her . 
 philip had seen someone take her away that night , and i feared in my heart that she was dead . 
 i also knew who would know for certain , and my wrath moved to that person and smoldered there for a time . 
 as the light faded , i thought about the secondary problem of charlotte morrison . 
 i thought about her letters , and i thought about the look i 'd seen in her cousin 's eyes , and i realized what she 'd feared . 
 i 'd known it in hampstead , but i 'd not wanted to believe the loathsome conclusion , and so had not let myself draw it . 
 the opium helped me to see clearly what i had already known . 
 just as it had happened years ago when i 'd concluded which officer and his sergeant had decided to rid the army of arthur wellesley , i 'd known the solution right away and had not wanted to look it in the face . 
 a night alone , fearing for my life , had forced me to acknowledge the truth . 
 during that chill night in portugal , i 'd not had the comfort of opium to dull my fear , but my life had been just as much in danger then as it was now . 
 but the secrets of jane , horne 's death , and charlotte 's disappearance would die with me . 
 no one would find them in my water-rotted brain when they fished me from the bottom of the thames . 
 my own fault for avoiding painful truths and keeping my confidences to myself . 
 i lay in twilight now , my eyes open , watching the last shadows drift across the scarred and tar-encrusted floor . 
 sometime later , the door opened . 
 the flare of a rag light pierced my widened pupils and sent fingers of pain into my head . 
 black nancy closed the door and moved to the bunk . 
 she set the lamp on the floor and smoothed my hair from my forehead . 
 her fingers smelled of tar and mud . 
 she may have bathed all over for me a few days ago , but she certainly had n't since . 
 `` do n't worry , captain . 
 nance will take care of you . '' 
 i said nothing , still too weak to speak . 
 she continued to stroke my hair . 
 `` he 's going to give you to me , did you know that ? '' 
 she crooned . 
 `` i help nab you , he said , and he fixes it up so you 'll always do everything i say . 
 black nancy will always have what you need . '' 
 she leaned down and kissed my lips . 
 i lay , unresponding . 
 she thrust her tongue into my mouth , forcing my blood-caked lips open , but i did n't answer her insistent pressure . 
 her hand snaked down to touch my arm , my chest , my groin . 
 her smile widened . 
 `` there now , i knew you was awake . 
 you like me in truth , do n't you ? '' 
 the drug that suppressed my pain seemed to heighten my physical response . 
 i grew stiff under her hand , but the excitement stopped there , never reaching my head or heart . 
 my trousers were damp where i 'd wet myself , but nancy did not seem to notice or care . 
 she flashed a satisfied smile at me and began popping open the buttons . 
 on a sudden , the door thumped firmly shut , and a bolt grated into place . 
 nance gave a shriek , whipped her hand from me , and scurried to the door . 
 she stared at the barricade for a stunned moment , then she pounded her fist on the door . '' 
 ` ere . 
 you let me out . '' 
 no answer came . 
 nance pummeled the door again . 
 i rolled onto my side and tried to force myself into a sitting position . 
 nance shouted and screamed until her voice went hoarse . 
 `` they are not going to let you out , nance , '' i said . 
 `` they are going to kill me , and you with me . '' 
 she whirled . 
 `` no , they ai n't . 
 they promised . '' 
 i shook my head , which only made it pound with nasty pain . 
 `` they used you , nance . 
 they are n't going to let us go . 
 they will likely scuttle the boat . '' 
 tears streaked her dirt-caked cheeks . 
 `` they ca n't do that . 
 i just wanted you , that 's all . 
 i 'd a done anything to get you . '' 
 i wanted to hate her for doing this to me , but the only thing i could feel for her was pity . 
 denis had used nancy 's silly childlike need to get to me . 
 i 'd used her desire to please me to find jemmy the coachman . 
 i knew who was to blame for landing her square in this business in the first place . 
 i tried to speak sternly . 
 `` come here and untie my hands . '' 
 her eyes went wide . 
 `` if i untie you , you 'll beat me . '' 
 `` i would n't do that , nancy . 
 i promise . 
 untie me , and i 'll think of a way to save us . '' 
 `` you 're lying . 
 you 'll beat me . '' 
 i lost my patience . 
 `` damn you , girl . 
 come here . '' 
 she put her hands to her face and wailed . 
 i clenched my teeth and tried to gentle my voice . 
 `` i have n't the strength to beat you , nance , even if i wanted to . 
 if you do n't want to drown , you will untie me , and i will take you out of here . '' 
 her hands came down . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she sniffled . 
 `` i will think of something . 
 please . '' 
 she watched me fearfully for a few moments , then she stumbled back to the bed . 
 i rolled over to give her access to my hands . 
 it took a long time . 
 nancy picked at the tight knots and sobbed under her breath . 
 her tears dropped onto my bleeding hands , stinging them . 
 she cried that she could not do it . 
 i bullied her until she was incoherent with weeping . 
 at last the knots loosened . 
 i tugged at the bonds until one broke , and i quickly unwound my hand . 
 i tried to push myself up , but my fingers were wooden , lifeless , and would not support me . 
 i heaved with my legs and shoulders to roll over again and finally raised myself to a sitting position . 
 i leaned against the wall and cradled my hands in my lap , closing my eyes as hot pins and needles spiked my flesh . 
 i would have to wait until my fingers became deft enough to untie the cords that bound my ankles . 
 the act of sitting up had nearly drained my strength . 
 i wondered how the devil i would get both myself and nance off the boat and all the way to shore . 
 she rubbed her nose on her sleeve . 
 `` if you 'd only took what i offered , we 'd not be in this fix . '' 
 her eyes filled . 
 `` i 'd not have chased you , and i 'd not have believed them when they told me i could have you . 
 you 'd have been mine , and i 'd have done you so good , you would n't have wanted to go to no one else . '' 
 her throat worked . 
 `` i 'd have taken care of you and not complained when you knocked me about , and i would n't have gone to no other man unless you said i could . '' 
 tears spilled from her eyes . 
 `` i 'd a done anything for you . 
 why do n't you want me ? '' 
 i suppressed a sigh . 
 she still could not understand that all this was about more than desire . 
 but she was hurting , and afraid , and i was responsible for dragging her into this danger . 
 i gave the bed beside me a clumsy pat . 
 `` nance . 
 come and sit here . '' 
 she shot me a distrustful look , but she shuffled to me and sat down . 
 the bunk sagged , spilling my leg onto her thigh . 
 `` i 've told very few people this , nance , '' i said . 
 `` once , long ago , i had a daughter . '' 
 nancy looked surprised . 
 `` ya did ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 when i was very young , i took a wife . '' 
 the word choked in my throat , and i had to swallow and wait before i went on . 
 `` and we had a daughter . 
 one day , my wife -- she took my daughter , and went away . '' 
 i had not spoken much about it for fourteen years . 
 and the words hurt . 
 oh god , they hurt . 
 nancy stared . 
 `` she left you ? 
 the old cow . 
 was she mad ? '' 
 my temper heated to hear that white and gold girl from long ago called an `` old cow , '' but i reminded myself that nancy did not and could not understand . 
 `` she disliked the army and following me about . 
 i do n't blame her ; it was a hard life , and she was of a delicate nature . '' 
 `` so where is she now ? '' 
 nance asked , frowning . 
 `` and your little girl ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they went to france , long , long ago , and i never was able to find them . 
 i do n't even know if my daughter is alive or dead . 
 but if she is , she 'd be , oh , about as old as you . '' 
 she stared at me , fascinated . 
 `` did she have black hair , like me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 her hair was fair as a field of buttercups . 
 like her mother 's . 
 when i last saw her , she was only two years old . 
 she could barely say my name . '' 
 my heart wrenched , and the intensity of the wrench surprised me at little . 
 i 'd thought that all the years between had taken away the worst of the hurt . 
 perhaps the opium in my veins had broken down the shield i usually kept over that memory . 
 `` you do n't know even if she 's alive ? '' 
 nance asked . 
 `` i wonder sometimes , if she is . 
 and whether she is safe , with friends who care for her . 
 or if she is ... '' `` like me , '' nance finished . 
 `` a game girl . 
 having to go with flats that are as likely to knock her about as pay her for kicking her heels to the ceiling . '' 
 i touched nancy 's matted black curls . 
 `` yes . 
 and when i look at you , i think of her . 
 and wonder . '' 
 `` if she 's like me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so poking me would be like poking your daughter ? 
 some coves like that . '' 
 i pretended to ignore that revelation . 
 `` i want nothing to hurt you . 
 you are so young , and yet , i 've seen girls like you die when they 're not much older than you . 
 i want to keep you safe . '' 
 silent tears spilled down nancy 's cheeks . 
 `` you ca n't keep me safe . 
 if i do n't go with flats , me dad whips me 'til i bleed . '' 
 `` you have to let me try . '' 
 i continued stroking her curls . 
 `` what color is your hair , really ? '' 
 nance dashed the tears away with the back of her hand . 
 `` brown . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see it . 
 let it grow back without dying it . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` a right fool i 'd look . 
 with half of it a different color . '' 
 `` cut it off , then . 
 some ladies of fashion still lop off their curls . '' 
 she gave me a look that told me i was hopelessly old and likely insane . 
 `` ai n't much i can do about it here . 
 how are we going to get away , then ? '' 
 she sounded a bit like her old self , and some of the feeling had returned to my hands . 
 i leaned down and worked loose the bonds that held my feet . 
 i rubbed my bare ankles , wincing as the blood flowed its way to my feet . 
 this took a long time , and nance fretted with impatience . 
 i doubted i could stand or walk or fight or swim . 
 but i would not sit and tamely wait to be killed . 
 the boat was quiet , but the occasional thump of footsteps on boards outside told us denis 's men still inhabited the decks . 
 i managed to stand at last , though my legs shook like new branches in a spring breeze . 
 i refastened the buttons that nancy had opened on my trousers , my fingers still clumsy . 
 `` give me the candle , '' i said . 
 nance retrieved it from the floor and handed it to me . 
 the light was little more than a rag soaked in grease , twisted into a wick at the top . 
 the feeble flame burned blue and did not give off much light . 
 but the rag was soaked , enough for my purpose . 
 i hobbled to the rickety wooden door . 
 my left leg buckled , pain throbbing through it , and i had to pause three times , easing my weight from it , before i could resume . 
 i rubbed my hands in the grease , and then onto the doorframe , near the latch . 
 i repeated this several times , being careful not to douse the lamp , then i touched the flame to the wood . 
 the grimy doorframe sizzled , and a thin band of smoke rose and stung my eyes . 
 i held the flame to it , rubbing on a little more grease . 
 the wood grew warm . 
 the grease melted . 
 after a long time , the flame crawled up the damp wood , found fuel , and clung there . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 nance cried . 
 `` setting the door alight . '' 
 she sprang to her feet . 
 `` are you mad ? 
 you 'll kill us . '' 
 `` i imagine denis 's men will not want to remain on a boat that is going up in flames . '' 
 `` no , they ai n't stupid . 
 they 'll light for shore . '' 
 `` not if they have no way to get there . 
 they will not want to go down with us . '' 
 `` why do n't we just duck out the skylight ? '' 
 `` we will . 
 but denis 's men are out there . 
 and maybe you 're right . '' 
 i tossed the candle to the bunk . 
 the flame nearly went out , then it caught on the dirty sheet . 
 the linen crackled and smoked . 
 nance stared at me , round-eyed . 
 `` right about what ? '' 
 `` that i am mad . 
 up you go . '' 
 i caught her ` round the waist and boosted her toward the skylight . 
 she pushed on it . 
 `` it 's fastened . '' 
 `` pound on it , then . 
 the wood 's old . '' 
 `` you should have done this before you set us on fire . '' 
 she beat her fists against the frame , but to no avail . 
 i lowered her to the floor . 
 i stripped off my coat and wadded it around my hands . 
 while she hunkered in the corner farthest from the bunk , i reached up and slammed my hands , at the top reach of my arms , against the slats above . 
 the bunk was burning well now , and the wall behind it caught . 
 flame snaked up and down the doorframe , and smoke hung heavy in the air . 
 i heard shouting . 
 they 'd seen . 
 they were coming . 
 i pounded the boards . 
 with a loud crack , they broke . 
 i continued beating them , smashing the wooden slats away . 
 splinters rained down on me , and slivers cut through my jacket to tear my hands . 
 i flung the jacket aside and grabbed nance . 
 `` up you go . '' 
 she squealed . 
 i shoved her through the broken skylight , pressing my hand on her backside . 
 `` once you 're out there , you run for the side and go over and cling to the boat . 
 i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 she wailed . 
 `` i ca n't swim . '' 
 `` damn you , i can . 
 i am a strong swimmer . 
 i 'll tow you to shore . '' 
 i had no idea if i could walk across the deck , let alone get myself and one sobbing , wretched girl to the bank of the thames , but i 'd galvanized nance . 
 she wriggled herself upward and caught the edges of the skylight . 
 nancy cried out softly as the slivers cut her hands , then i pushed her through . 
 she landed on her stomach and rolled away . 
 i could n't follow . 
 my leg made it impossible for me to jump , and the only piece of furniture i could have stood on , the bunk , was bolted to the wall and ablaze . 
 a splash of water hit the door . 
 they were trying to put out the fire without entering the cabin . 
 i smiled . 
 futile . 
 flames licked the roof , eating toward the skylight from which nance had fled . 
 this boat would burn . 
 i caught up my coat , wrapped it around my arm and shoulder , and charged the burning door . 
 the wood , weak and smoldering , gave way at once , and i fell through . 
 my bare foot slid on the wet deck , and i fell hard to my knees . 
 i scrambled to right myself . 
 one of denis 's huge brutes charged me , and i ran , gritting my teeth on the pain . 
 i wondered whether nance had gotten away , and if so , where she had gone over the side . 
 in the shadow of the cabin a grappling hook bit into the planks of the deck . 
 a taut rope drew a rowboat alongside . 
 a bulky shadow of a man crouched in the stern , but in the bow , one foot on the gunwale , stood lucius grenville . 
 firelight glinted on his dark hair and his glittering eyes . 
 in his hand he held a pistol , and he pointed it straight at me . 
 * * * * * chapter twenty-one i took one step back then dashed forward and flung myself over the side . 
 grenville shouted . 
 the bitter cold water of the thames took me , sliding greasily over my body . 
 the cuts on my face stung as the grimy water closed over my head . 
 i kicked hard , and surfaced . 
 above me , grenville fired . 
 the spark flared in the night , and the roar deafened me . 
 a thin spiral of smoke drifted upward , white against the darkness . 
 on the deck , one of denis 's thugs fell , groaning . 
 a rope snaked across the space between me and the rowboat and slapped the water . 
 i grabbed the line , wrapping it around my numb wrists . 
 it tightened , dragging me toward the boat . 
 i realized that the bulky figure behind grenville , towing me to safety , was aloysius brandon . 
 i grabbed the side . 
 brandon reached down , seized me beneath the arms , and hauled me into the boat . 
 i landed on the gunwale and rolled in , a crash of water following me . 
 grenville fired another pistol . 
 brandon abandoned me to slice the rope that bound us to denis 's boat . 
 `` wait . '' 
 i climbed to my knees , my teeth chattering . 
 `` we must find nance . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nance . 
 i told her i 'd take her to shore . 
 she ca n't swim . '' 
 `` i ca n't make out what the devil you 're saying , lacey . 
 sit down . 
 we 're going . '' 
 `` no , '' i choked . 
 grenville swung around . 
 `` are you talking about the girl ? 
 i saw her climb out of the cabin and go over the side . 
 you came out just after . '' 
 my jaw shook with cold and reaction . 
 `` where ? 
 row ` round the boat . '' 
 grenville dropped to the seat and grabbed the oars . 
 i thought , hysterically , that i supposed i should take it as a compliment that he was ruining a pair of fine kid gloves to rescue me . 
 he competently pulled around the stern of denis 's boat . 
 the cabin was completely ablaze now , and denis 's men had turned their efforts to dousing the fire . 
 i expected any moment to see nance clinging to the side , her black head above the water , but she did not appear . 
 grenville circled close , turning the boat on one oar . 
 i peered into the blackness , shading my eyes against the glare of the fire . 
 `` nance ! '' 
 i heard nothing above the crackle of the flames . 
 other boats , attracted by the blaze , were moving toward us , coming to the aid of the ailing craft . 
 `` nance ! '' 
 my eyes stung , and my opium-fogged brain wanted to slip back to sleep . 
 but the drug was wearing off enough for me to feel the wounds denis 's men had inflicted , along with the cuts from the skylight and the torn mess of my bare feet . 
 a pistol roared , and a ball whizzed by my head . 
 brandon ducked , cursing . 
 `` devil take it , lacey , we have to go . '' 
 `` i wo n't leave her . '' 
 grenville rowed , breathing hard . 
 i scanned the surface near the boat and the water beneath it . 
 i saw nothing . 
 we slid all the way back to our starting point . 
 `` go ` round again , '' i shouted . 
 grenville bent over the oars . 
 brandon rose . 
 `` no . 
 leave it . 
 pull for shore . '' 
 `` i 'll not leave her ! '' 
 `` we have to . 
 there 's no time . '' 
 my chest was hot , my belly clenched . 
 `` go ` round again , grenville . 
 do it . '' 
 `` damn you , lacey . 
 i 'll make it an order if i have to . '' 
 i swung on brandon . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her here to rot , you bastard , like you left me . 
 grenville , row . '' 
 another pistol shot whistled past us . 
 brandon seized me . 
 `` do i need to knock you down ? '' 
 my rage came forth in a wash of madness . 
 i hit him , hard , in the gut , and then in the jaw . 
 brandon cursed and spat blood . 
 then his head came up , and his eyes sparkled with all the fury and hatred he 'd bottled up behind politeness for the last two years . 
 `` fuck you , '' he said . 
 i lunged for him . 
 i beat him , the man i 'd loved best in the world once upon a time , beat him with all the anger and rage and helplessness i 'd felt when denis 's men had pummeled me . 
 i beat him for nance , drowning under the dark waters of the thames , for jane thornton , who 'd likely had gone to the same fate . 
 i beat him for aimee , broken and scarred by a monster , and for louisa , who cared far too much for both of us . 
 i beat him for myself and the ruin of my life . 
 grenville grabbed me from behind . 
 `` enough . 
 lacey , stop it . 
 he 's right . 
 she 's gone . '' 
 brandon disentangled himself from me . 
 blood smeared his face and spattered his neckcloth . 
 the fight went out of me . 
 grenville held me for another moment or so until my rage washed away , and my legs buckled . 
 i sank to the bottom of the boat and buried my head in my hands . 
 the other two fell silent . 
 brandon 's breath gurgled in his throat . 
 the fire on denis 's boat roared into the night . 
 across the water came a muffled sobbing , quiet and soft , accompanied by faint splashing . 
 i raised my head . 
 grenville was on his feet , balancing against the pitch of the boat , sighting into the darkness . 
 `` there ! '' 
 he pointed . 
 i followed the line from his outstretched finger to a tiny patch of deeper darkness , bobbing in the current . 
 i got to my knees and grabbed an oar . 
 grenville dropped to the seat , snatched the oar from my grasp , and bent his back to turn the boat . 
 brandon half stumbled , half crawled to the tiller , seizing it as it began to slap against the water . 
 we slid across the current to the girl who floundered weakly in the shadow of denis 's boat , her cries growing fainter as we neared . 
 i held the rope ready . 
 grenville competently turned to drift alongside nance , just as her head went under . 
 i tossed away the rope , leaned hard over the side , and grabbed . 
 nancy 's shoulder slipped from my grasp , but her hair tangled my wrist . 
 i buried my fingers in it and hauled her upward . 
 she came , all limp and heavy , and i got my hands under her arms and pulled her over the gunwale . 
 nance fell to the bottom with a wet slap , her skirt in shreds , her legs cut and bleeding . 
 her eyes were closed , her skin cold and clammy . 
 i rolled her onto her belly , and pressed hard on her ribs . 
 i pushed and pushed , while my opium haze receded and pain ground through me . 
 at last , nancy groaned and vomited up the dark water of the thames . 
 i pulled her into my arms , holding her , rocking her , kissing her wet face . 
 tears spilled from her eyes , but she clung to me , kissing me back , her lips weak . 
 grenville took up the oars again and rowed us away from the conflagration and the boats zigzagging through the river , and toward the shore . 
 *** *** *** i awoke to warm sunshine , a sweet-smelling bed , and a cool hand on my brow . 
 `` louisa . '' 
 i caught her hand and gripped it , tight , tight . 
 she returned the pressure , and our eyes met , and held . 
 i lay in a featherbed with cool sheets over me and lavender-scented pillows under my head . 
 my body ached all over , my face stinging with healing cuts . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i croaked . 
 `` this is n't your spare bedroom . '' 
 louisa smiled . 
 `` no , it 's mr. grenville 's . 
 he insisted you be brought here , and he sent for his own surgeon . '' 
 damn good of him , but i felt a twinge of worry . 
 `` what about nance ? 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` at my house , being fussed over by my cook and housemaid , hating every minute of it . '' 
 my face hurt too much for smiles . 
 `` she does not much like women . '' 
 `` so i understand from her unfortunate language . 
 who is she ? '' 
 i let louisa disentangle her hand from mine . 
 `` a street girl whose well-being i foolishly care about . 
 please do n't cart her off to a workhouse . 
 or one of those horrible houses of reform . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 she may stay in my attics until you decide what 's to be done for her . '' 
 `` i hope you have a stout lock on your attic door . '' 
 a smile crinkled the corners of her eyes . 
 `` she has tried to run away twice . 
 until i told her you wished her to remain there . 
 since then , she 's been curiously compliant . 
 the things she says about you are -- quite interesting . '' 
 i grunted . 
 `` do n't trust her . '' 
 louisa smiled again , then she dropped her gaze , watching her hand smooth my sheet . 
 `` aloysius wants to apologize to you . 
 for something he said out on the river , i gather . '' 
 my head began to ache . 
 `` i am far too tired to face aloysius . '' 
 `` a moment only , gabriel . 
 please . '' 
 i stared at her until she looked up and met my gaze . 
 i wanted to tell her that i much preferred aloysius 's candid curses to that damned public politeness he hid behind while he hated me with his eyes . 
 but i was not certain she 'd understand . 
 she wanted me to forgive him all his past sins , and i was not yet ready . 
 `` tell your husband and his apology to go to hell , '' i said . 
 her eyes filled with tears . 
 we eyed each other for a few heartbeats of silence before she turned and rustled across the cavernous room and out the door . 
 she did not say good-bye . 
 my fogged brain still swam with the aftereffects of opium , and whatever else grenville 's surgeon had given me for pain . 
 i remembered the conclusions i 'd formed while on board the boat , and i groped for them through the haze of my thoughts . 
 i was missing one piece of information about horne 's death -- the identity of one person -- but i knew now what that person had done . 
 as much as i tried to think it through , my eyes closed , and when i awoke again , the shadows slanted sharply on the huge carpet . 
 grenville 's spare bedchamber must have been about thirty feet across and as much high . 
 the canopied bed i lay in could have held five people , and the cost of the damask hangings could have bought them all food for a year . 
 i felt like an insect waiting to be stepped on . 
 i rubbed the blur from my eyes as grenville himself tramped into the room . 
 he was dressed in a costly suit and a pristine cravat , but he wore soft , flat shoes and no jewels in his lapels , so i assumed he was spending the evening at home . 
 when he saw that i was awake , he pulled an armchair next to the bed and plopped down on it , resting his elbows on his knees . 
 `` where did you learn to row like that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` quebec . 
 and the nile . 
 i 'll tell you all about it someday . 
 i never thought i 'd have adventures in staid and boring london , but that was before i met you . '' 
 `` grenville , about that letter i sent you -- '' my face warmed , remembering the haughty phrases i 'd used . 
 grenville held up his hand . 
 `` say nothing of it . 
 i had no right to be such a highhanded prig , and i deserved everything you said . 
 well , most of it . 
 i might have to box you over one or two things . 
 but it 's a mercy you told me to go to mrs. brandon 's supper party . 
 when my servants came home without you , i worried a bit , but when i received your letter next morning , i understood you were only annoyed with me . 
 when i called on you in person , and you were n't home , i still supposed you avoiding me . 
 but when i told mrs. brandon of your absence , she became alarmed at once . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` damn it , lacey , denis might have killed you and we still would n't know . '' 
 `` he did n't mean to kill me . '' 
 `` no ? 
 those pistol shots came damned close for someone who had no intention of killing you . '' 
 i shook my head against the pillow . 
 `` if denis had wanted me dead , he 'd have had me killed at once . 
 he could have done so at any time , easily , and you 'd still be wondering where i 'd got to . 
 no , he meant to frighten me away from crusading against him . 
 he wanted me to escape , and probably watched to see how i 'd do it . 
 the shots were made by his hired men , who were understandably annoyed at me for setting the boat on fire . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 he looked skeptical . 
 `` how did you know where to find me , anyway ? '' 
 grenville 's dark eyes lit , as though he 'd been eagerly awaiting the opportunity to tell me his part in the adventure . 
 `` as i said , mrs. brandon grew alarmed when i said i had n't been able to find you . 
 so i told brandon -- and his wife , because she refused to leave the room -- about denis and my fears . '' 
 grenville paused to smile . 
 `` your mrs. brandon must be one of the furies . 
 as soon as she heard my tale , nothing would do but that we went out at once and searched for you . 
 she was prepared to come with us to the end . 
 nothing her husband said could persuade her otherwise , even when he shouted at her to obey . '' 
 i could picture the scene exactly . 
 `` louisa is the most stubborn woman i know . '' 
 `` i pointed out that mrs. danbury had arrived and needed looking after , and that seemed to persuade her . 
 but looking into mrs. brandon 's eyes , i knew how the spartans felt . 
 we 'd better bring you back alive , or not come back at all . '' 
 `` mrs. danbury ? '' 
 i remembered the elegant blond woman i 'd met at the viewing of the painting . 
 `` dear god , she did n't see me , did she ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i brought you directly here and sent word to mrs. brandon . '' 
 `` thank you for that . '' 
 grenville lounged back in the chair . 
 `` do you want to know how i found you ? '' 
 he seemed anxious to impart the rest of the tale . 
 i nodded , not really caring . 
 `` i started searching for you around grimpen lane and covent garden . 
 one of my footmen found your walking stick -- in pieces -- behind the theatre . 
 in pieces . 
 the scabbard was broken , but i 'm having another made for you . '' 
 `` good of you . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 the trail was easy to follow after that . 
 large men in a scuffle leave overturned rubbish and annoy people , and that is remembered . 
 someone saw them carry you into a carriage and head toward the river . 
 i remembered that denis kept two boats on the thames -- which i 'd learned when he 'd procured the painting for my friend -- and i went there . 
 one of the boats was gone , and several boatmen on shore had seen it taken out . 
 so i hired a boat , and brandon and i went after you . '' 
 he stopped . 
 `` is it true you started that blaze on board ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good lord , man . 
 you might have killed yourself . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but i would have taken denis 's men with me . 
 they meant to frighten me , and i wanted to frighten them back . '' 
 `` good god , lacey , i sincerely hope he calls a truce . 
 and that you honor it . '' 
 i lay quietly for a moment , my aching head demanding a rest . 
 i had slighted grenville in my proud anger and still he 'd made a dangerous and difficult attempt to rescue me . 
 true , part of his impetus had been to satisfy his sense of adventure , but his actions told me that he forgave my momentary peevishness and thought it of no consequence . 
 there was just a chance that i might have made a friend . 
 i opened my eyes again . 
 `` you said in your letter that you 'd found interesting developments in somerset . '' 
 grenville 's eyes sparkled . 
 `` i found much more than that , lacey . 
 what i found was the missing charlotte morrison . '' 
 * * * * * chapter twenty-two i tried to sit up , but pain drove me back down . 
 `` found her ? '' 
 `` yes , safe and sound , and married to a vicar . '' 
 i stared . 
 `` did you say married to a vicar ? '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` then she has nothing to do with jane thornton . '' 
 `` i could see no connection , no . '' 
 i rubbed my pounding temples . 
 `` damn . 
 then you went for nothing . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' grenville said . 
 `` i believe the problem more complex . 
 her curate became a vicar with a living , and a rather good one ; i ca n't imagine the beauchamps opposing the match . '' 
 `` why the mystery , then ? '' 
 grenville tapped his fingertips together , a habit , i noticed , he had when interested in a problem . 
 `` that is what i wondered . 
 miss morrison would n't speak much to me , and neither would her husband . 
 they thought at first i 'd come from bow street to drag her back to hampstead . 
 when i finally convinced them i had not , they unbent a little , but still did not want me to tell the beauchamps where she was . 
 i pointed out to miss morrison that she 'd worried her cousins exceedingly , but this did not appear to move her . 
 she seems very frightened of something , and i could not get her to tell me what . '' 
 i thought about the letters she 'd written to her friend , which had hinted at some fear . 
 `` did you speak to her friend , miss frazier ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 she is a lively woman , a spinster of about thirty , and apparently miss morrison 's greatest friend . 
 when i asked her about what charlotte morrison had written to her , she looked down her fine nose at me and told me to mind my own damned business . 
 she said she would do nothing to interfere with charlotte 's happiness , and the best thing i could do was return to london and pretend i 'd never come . '' 
 `` she certainly sounds firm of purpose . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 grenville lifted his hands . 
 `` i returned to london . 
 i suddenly realized she was right , that the lives of charlotte morrison and the beauchamps were none of my damned business . 
 so now i have a dilemma . 
 do i tell the beauchamps that their cousin is safe and relieve their fears ? 
 or do i pretend i never went to somerset , as miss frazier commanded , and let them sort it out themselves ? '' 
 i lay quietly for a time , thinking . 
 the conclusions my drugged mind had drawn flitted just out of reach , what had seemed so clear then now foggy and muddled . 
 `` i believe i know why she went , '' i said . 
 `` do you ? 
 well , i am baffled . 
 i might understand her actions if she 'd run away with some roue , but she married a stolid , respectable vicar with gray hairs . 
 why should she fear telling her family of it ? 
 unless he 's a highwayman in disguise . '' 
 he laughed a little at his own joke . 
 `` i 'm certain the vicar is as respectable and steady as he seems . 
 but i have an advantage . 
 i read the letters , and you did not . '' 
 `` but you told me what was in them , '' grenville pointed out . 
 `` i know . 
 but i could n't convey the feelings i got from them . 
 there was so much miss morrison did not say . '' 
 grenville regarded me impatiently . 
 `` so what do i do , lacey ? 
 tell the beauchamps to find her themselves ? '' 
 `` tell them nothing for now . 
 i would like to go to hampstead myself and speak to lord sommerville . '' 
 `` why ? 
 sommerville already told me he 'd discovered nothing about his kitchen maid 's death . '' 
 weariness weighted my limbs , and i needed to sleep , but i answered . 
 `` charlotte disappeared soon after the maid 's death . 
 so soon that my first thought upon hearing the tale was that the body found was charlotte 's . '' 
 `` i thought the same . 
 but it was n't . '' 
 `` no . 
 charlotte is alive and well . '' 
 grenville shot me an impatient look . 
 `` you 're being damned cryptic , lacey . '' 
 `` forgive me , i 'm still half-dead on opium . 
 i mean that charlotte no doubt knows who killed the girl . 
 that knowledge made her flee back to the safety of somerset . '' 
 grenville stared at me a moment , clearly curious . 
 then he shook his head . 
 `` our trip to hampstead will have to wait in any case . 
 i doubt you could walk across a room just now . '' 
 he was right . 
 i sank a little farther into the mattress . 
 `` it was good of you to put me up . 
 i will remove to my own rooms as soon as i can . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 stay until you are healed . 
 you need warmth and i have plenty of coal . 
 my chef is happily inventing menus for you . 
 i think he 's rather bored with me . '' 
 `` i suppose you wo n't let me argue . '' 
 `` suppress your pride for once and do what 's good for you , lacey . 
 we 'll go to hampstead when you 're better , but only when you 're better . 
 or i 'll fetch mrs. brandon , who will no doubt tie you to the bed . '' 
 i smiled and subsided . 
 i prepared to let myself drift off to sleep again , then i remembered something . 
 `` what day is it ? '' 
 `` a fine and fair monday afternoon . '' 
 i tried to sit up . 
 `` bremer 's trial is today . 
 i ca n't in all conscience let him be condemned for murder . 
 i must talk to pomeroy . '' 
 grenville shook his head . 
 `` it will keep . 
 in fact , it no longer matters . '' 
 his somber look alarmed me . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , lacey . 
 i heard yesterday that the wretched bremer is dead . '' 
 *** *** *** i convalesced at grenville 's for five days . 
 his chef did prepare some delightful and hearty meals for me , and it was probably thanks to his cooking that i healed as quickly as i did . 
 his valet also seemed to enjoy waiting on me , and the footman who lugged coal bins about always stopped to chat about sport and give me a few tips on the races . 
 and all i could mull over was that i had not saved the stupid and frail bremer . 
 grenville had a friend who was a barrister , a silk , and he , knowing of grenville 's interest in the case , had relayed the news of bremer 's death . 
 there 'd been nothing sinister about it . 
 bremer had caught a chill , which settled in his lungs , and he 'd died quickly . 
 grenville told me , `` my friend said that the magistrate believed bremer to be guilty and that a gentler justice was served him by the hand of god . 
 butler went mad and killed his master , the magistrate said , was arrested , and died in gaol . 
 end of story . 
 public and justice satisfied . '' 
 but i was not satisfied . 
 i lay in grenville 's sumptuous guest room , too ill to move and too frustrated to rest . 
 i had failed bremer in my idiotic pursuit of denis . 
 grenville did his best to keep me cheerful , reading stories to me out of the newspaper and giving me the gossip from his club . 
 i learned who was wearing the wrong-colored waistcoat , who had been snubbed , and who had lost a fortune at whist , and i did n't care about one word of it . 
 louisa brandon came to see me every day and threatened me with dire fates if i tried to get out of bed too soon . 
 on one occasion , she brought her husband . 
 as the sun was descending behind grenville 's elegant , silk-draped windows , colonel brandon entered my chamber alone . 
 he walked halfway across the carpet then stood with his hands behind his back in the attitude of parade rest and looked at me . 
 i wondered if he 'd come to force his apology on me , but the spark in his cold blue eyes told me that he was tired of being polite . 
 `` you look bloody awful , '' he said . 
 i gave him a nod . 
 `` i imagine i do . '' 
 a cut ran from the corner of brandon 's mouth to his chin . 
 i dimly remembered pounding my fist just there when we 'd fought in the rowboat . 
 `` thought you 'd like to know , '' he said . 
 `` i was speaking the other day with colonel franklin , gale 's commanding officer . 
 he said he got the order about hanover square from brigadier champlain himself . '' 
 champlain had been one of wellington 's most trusted generals . 
 i propped myself up on my pillows , waiting for him to go on . 
 `` i saw champlain at a card party yesterday , '' he said . 
 `` he imparted to us that he 'd sent for franklin in response to a message from a friend . 
 this friend was afraid that the house of an acquaintance in hanover square would be set alight by a mob . 
 champlain owed the friend a favor and agreed to assist . '' 
 `` and the name of the friend ? '' 
 but i 'd already guessed . 
 `` james denis . '' 
 of course . 
 denis would hardly want the father of the abducted girl drawing attention to horne . 
 i wondered if denis had ordered mr. thornton to be shot , or if that had been cornet weddington 's own idea . 
 `` louisa ferreted it out of him , '' brandon said . 
 `` franklin gave the orders to lieutenant gale , and gale took out a squad of his best men . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` according to grenville , this denis is the same gentleman who had you dragged out to that boat . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good lord , lacey , he has one of the highest generals in england owing him favors . 
 and you 've pitted yourself against him . '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 brandon stared at me a moment longer , his anger palpable from where he stood . 
 `` you always were a damned fool . '' 
 he knew better than most what i fool i had been . 
 so denis had a general in his pocket . 
 i wondered how many other men in high office owed denis `` favors . '' 
 perhaps i should have gone through with my plan to shoot denis after all . 
 `` thank you , '' i said tiredly . 
 `` that does help . 
 thank louisa for questioning champlain on my behalf . '' 
 brandon should have said , `` not at all , '' and left the room . 
 i wished he would . 
 but he remained fixed there on the carpet as though he still had plenty to say . 
 every muscle in my body tensed . 
 brandon cleared his throat , and my muscles tightened all the more . 
 `` out on the boat , '' he said . 
 `` you might have killed us all , trying to save that girl . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` that is why i tried to stop you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he cleared his throat again , looked uncomfortable , and clenched his fists at his sides . 
 `` it was well done , lacey . 
 even if it was bloody stupid . '' 
 my lips cracked as i smiled . 
 `` high praise from my brave commander . '' 
 brandon glared at me , his face reddening . 
 again , i wished he 'd go away . 
 i was too weary to fence with him and wanted to sleep . 
 i hoped to god he did not intend to offer his forgiveness for my sins past and present . 
 i did not think i could stomach it just now . 
 his lip curled . 
 `` such things are why you never rose higher than captain , gabriel . 
 as admirable as you may be . '' 
 i felt my temper stir beneath my hurt and tiredness , but i closed my eyes and willed it to silence . 
 `` are you finished ? '' 
 when i opened my eyes again , it was to see brandon 's face a mask of undisguised fury . 
 had he come here hoping to provoke a reconciliation ? 
 if he had , he was a fool . 
 brandon breathed heavily in the silence . 
 `` the way you have played it , gabriel , we will never be finished . '' 
 i waited for him to explain what he meant by that , but brandon snapped his mouth shut and turned on his heel . 
 he said nothing more , not a good night or best wishes for my health . 
 he only stalked away , letting the slam of the door behind him tell me what he thought of my rudeness . 
 i slid my eyes closed , threads of pain winding through my head . 
 it took me a long time to drift again to sleep . 
 *** *** *** staying with grenville gave me time not only to heal and think , but also to come to know him better . 
 he was a complex man who took three hours to dress for supper , yet could practice philanthropy in meaningful and useful ways . 
 he had acquaintances across all classes and held prejudice only against a man who would not think for himself . 
 he admired beautiful women and had had discreet affairs with duchesses and actresses alike , but grenville had never found a woman he 'd wanted to marry . 
 i told him dryly that it was just as well ; his bride would have no room in his house for her own mirror , and he laughed and supposed i had hit upon a truth . 
 the evening before i returned home , grenville entered my chamber looking rather bewildered . 
 `` i 've just had a visit from your marianne simmons . '' 
 i came alert , remembering how i 'd told her to apply to grenville for her ten guineas . 
 `` i 'm sorry , grenville , i ought to have warned you about that . 
 she brought me some interesting information , and i sent her to you so she would leave me alone . 
 i 'd forgotten about it . '' 
 `` it is no matter . 
 she is rather -- overwhelming , is she not ? '' 
 `` it 's how she survives . '' 
 grenville looked troubled . 
 `` and yet , i found myself giving her twenty guineas . '' 
 `` twenty ? 
 i told her ten , the wretch . '' 
 `` she asked for ten . 
 but then i saw that her shoes were cheap and shabby . 
 no one should go about poorly shod , lacey . 
 i told her of a shoemaker in oxford street and instructed her to tell them i 'd sent her . '' 
 `` what did she say to that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` she told me i was a gentleman . 
 and then she said a few things that brought a blush to my cheek . 
 i 'll admit to you , lacey , though i 've traveled the world , i 've never met anyone like her . '' 
 `` you may count yourself fortunate for that . '' 
 grenville gave me a sharp look . 
 `` there is nothing between you , is there ? '' 
 `` between marianne and myself ? 
 good lord , no . 
 she likes only wealthy gentleman . 
 i would have a care , were i you . '' 
 he looked at me a long moment . 
 `` i believe that is good advice . 
 thank you , lacey . '' 
 grenville rang for wine and shared it with me , but he drank deeply of his and sat in silence most of the evening . 
 *** *** *** i returned home to find that , despite her twenty guineas , marianne had taken all my candles , and i was obliged to visit the chandlers to acquire more . 
 the quietness of my return and the fact that i went from candle shop to pub and back home without being accosted reaffirmed my idea that denis had abducted me not to kill me but to show me where i stood in his world . 
 i understood his message . 
 i was to stay out of his way . 
 my mind spun with things i needed to do , but my body was too tired to do them . 
 i 'd written to young philip preston with my apologies for missing our appointment for riding instruction , and i needed to write again to set another date . 
 on the weekend , grenville and i would travel to hampstead , where i would speak with lord sommerville . 
 i 'd pay a visit to the beauchamps as well , having made my decision as to what i 'd tell them . 
 as to the whereabouts of jane thornton and the identity of horne 's killer , my mind balked . 
 i knew who had killed horne and why , but i did not want to know this . 
 the world was happy with bremer as the culprit ; let him satisfy the world . 
 i also wasted time missing janet . 
 i wished for the hundredth time i 'd never gone to arbuthnot 's to view that damned painting -- i 'd met an attractive woman there , mrs. danbury , who made it plain she had no interest in me , and i 'd chanced upon janet . 
 god had been amusing himself with me that night . 
 i should have stayed longer at grenville 's , i reflected as i lit a candle in the darkness of my rooms . 
 he at least diverted me with talk and food and drink . 
 here i was alone with my thoughts , my memories , and my past . 
 i needed action . 
 pomeroy had told me i was mad . 
 brandon agreed with him . 
 grenville thought so too . 
 louisa understood me a little better , but even she was fond of telling me how imprudent i was . 
 all of them were right about me . 
 i changed into my regimentals , hobbled to the hackney stand in covent garden market , and took myself to the house of james denis . 
 * * * * * chapter twenty-three `` you 'll forgive my precautions , captain . '' 
 denis touched his fingertips together and regarded me calmly from a brocade wing chair . 
 `` i assume you did not call on me to apologize for setting my boat alight . '' 
 upon my arrival , two of his thugs had thoroughly searched me for weapons and had taken away my walking stick , which grenville had had repaired for me . 
 but the fact that denis would not let me near him without searching me satisfied me a little . 
 i did not make him feel safe . 
 `` you are curious as to why i came , '' i said . 
 `` or you never would have let me in . '' 
 he gave a single nod . 
 `` i admit , i am slightly curious . 
 but i have an appointment in a half-hour 's time , so please be brief . '' 
 i had no intention of being brief . 
 `` i 've had much time to think this past week . 
 it occurred to me that josiah horne was a man of sordid and vulgar taste . '' 
 denis raised his sleek brows . 
 `` please do not tell me that you traveled all the way to mayfair to inform me of this obvious fact . '' 
 `` the abduction of jane thornton smells of his vulgarity . 
 to lure an innocent girl from her family , to take pleasure in her ruin -- that fits with josiah horne and his way of life . '' 
 denis looked pained . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 `` it occurred to me , however , that such a mode of business is not typical of you . 
 you work for the rich and the discreet . 
 you steal precious paintings from under bonaparte 's nose . 
 your business is a subtle one ; you have networks scattered far and wide . 
 you make wishes come true with seeming ease . '' 
 `` you flatter me . '' 
 `` i 've had time to mull over the risk and the foolish theatricality of jane thornton 's abduction , put together with what i 've learned about you . 
 i wondered why a man with your exactitude would want to do such a thing . 
 and then it struck me . 
 you had nothing to do with it . '' 
 denis did not move , but his eyelids flickered . 
 `` i told you this when you called the other day . '' 
 `` you actually told me nothing . 
 you let me run on in my anger , and you denied just enough to put me off the scent . 
 you knew about horne 's abduction of miss thornton , and it angered you . 
 so much so that you went to see him to tell him this . 
 but it did not anger you in the same way it angered me . 
 you cared nothing for miss thornton 's welfare . 
 instead , you worried that horne 's stupid actions would endanger something else in which you were involved . 
 what was it , i wonder ? '' 
 denis brought his steepled fingertips to his chin . 
 `` it can not matter anymore , can it ? 
 horne is dead . '' 
 `` and you could be his murderer . '' 
 `` i could be . 
 but i was not . '' 
 `` i believe you . 
 you did n't lie to me when you said he was worth more to you alive than dead . 
 what did he ask of you ? 
 what did you give to him that put him so deep into your power ? '' 
 denis watched me a moment , and at long last i saw some emotion in the cold blue depths of his eyes . 
 that emotion was irritation . 
 `` when i first met you , captain , i told myself that someone like you could be useful to me . 
 i have revised my opinion . 
 you are too hotheaded . 
 i would not be able to trust you . '' 
 `` you owned him body and soul , did n't you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i think that once upon a time , vulgar mr. horne wanted a seat in parliament . 
 he came to you and behaved as though he were doing you a favor asking you to buy up votes for him . 
 he disgusted you , but you must have seen an opportunity . 
 no doubt you own other men in the commons , and perhaps even in the lords , people who owe you favors , as brigadier champlain did . 
 but one more would n't hurt . 
 you could have eyes and ears in all parties and manipulate whichever would benefit you the most . 
 `` so you helped horne get his seat , and your price was that he obeyed your every order . 
 i can imagine a man like horne would not even resent you . 
 he had a seat ; who cared that he made no move without your permission ? 
 but his stupidity over jane thornton could have jeopardized his position , especially when you discovered that her father had tracked her to his doorstep . 
 when thornton tried to accuse horne of ruining his daughter , you called in a favor and had five cavalrymen ride to hanover square to shut thornton 's mouth . 
 so they obeyed orders and shot an innocent man who was only grieving for his daughter . '' 
 denis regarded me coolly . 
 `` you seem to have worked everything out to your satisfaction . '' 
 `` if it is not the truth , it is very near . '' 
 his gaze drifted to the clock on the mantel . 
 `` my appointment is in ten minutes , captain . 
 i must bid you good evening . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 `` you do n't fear me or my revelations . 
 horne is dead , and i can prove nothing . 
 i imagine many men of power owe you favors and would make sure that you were not hurt even if i tried to speak . 
 i imagine they , like horne , are grateful to you for what you 've done and do n't mind helping you . '' 
 `` it is the way of the world , captain . 
 do not pretend you do not know that . 
 you were in the army . '' 
 `` i admit i have done things i would not care to have closely examined , '' i said . 
 `` but my promises were made on the right side of honor . '' 
 `` yes , i have heard all about your honor . 
 it has put you where you are today : poor and of no consequence . '' 
 `` i must live with that . '' 
 denis shrugged . 
 `` i am pleased to meet a man who values honor so highly . 
 there are few these days . 
 but i must insist you leave now . 
 i have many things to do this evening . '' 
 i rose to my feet , and he stood up as well . 
 i was a fraction taller than he , but the cool stare from denis 's blue eyes told me he cared nothing for that . 
 `` good evening , captain . 
 next time , remember that i see no one without an appointment . '' 
 i remained in place . 
 `` i came for a second reason . 
 i would be most interested in speaking again to your coachman , jemmy . '' 
 denis looked thoughtful . 
 `` i am certain you would . 
 and i 'm certain i know why . 
 very well , i will deliver him to you . 
 please remember , however , that murder is against the law . '' 
 `` jemmy is of more use to me alive than dead , '' i said . 
 `` not to me . '' 
 the chill in denis 's eyes could have frozen oceans . 
 `` be so good as to tell him that for me when you speak to him . '' 
 *** *** *** by the week 's end , i felt well enough to accompany grenville to hampstead . 
 he took me to the estate of lord sommerville , an elderly viscount , and listened curiously while i asked his lordship about his kitchen maid . 
 lord sommerville reiterated what he 'd told grenville earlier , that he 'd found no satisfactory culprit in his kitchen maid 's death . 
 he directed me to the housekeeper , who had known the girl better , with the instruction that he wanted to know anything i discovered about the girl 's murder . 
 the housekeeper restated what lord sommerville had told me and let me talk with the kitchen maid 's sister , who also worked in the house . 
 the sister was still very upset about matilda 's death , but she spoke with me readily . 
 she wanted to find the culprit more than anything and bring him to justice . 
 yes , she believed it had been a man , the same man who had turned matilda away from her other young man . 
 matilda had not told her sister who she 'd taken up with , but she 'd shown her little trinkets the man had bought her and bragged that she was moving up in the world . 
 matilda had slipped out in the middle of the night , probably to meet this new suitor , and had never returned . 
 i gave the woman my condolences , and grenville and i took our leave . 
 `` was that helpful ? '' 
 he asked as we rolled away in his luxurious coach . 
 `` i first believed that the person who killed the maid also killed charlotte morrison , but miss morrison is alive . '' 
 `` miss morrison is alive because she ran away . 
 and she ran away because of the maid 's death . '' 
 `` because she feared for her own life ? '' 
 `` because she knew who killed the maid . 
 and it upset her so much that she fled . '' 
 `` if that is the case , why did n't she go to lord sommerville and tell him what she knew ? '' 
 i contemplated the green meadow on our right . 
 `` she was afraid . 
 or so horrified by what she knew that she could only think to get away . 
 she was wrong to go , but i understand why she did . 
 sometimes it is easier to turn your back on the truth than to face it , especially when it is more painful than you can stand . '' 
 grenville had nothing to answer to this , and we traveled in silence for a time . 
 then grenville cleared his throat . 
 `` there is something i 've wanted to ask you , lacey , about you and brandon . 
 on the rowboat , you fought him hard , and he looked at you as though he 'd cheerfully kill you . 
 i 'd thought you the dearest of friends . '' 
 `` we were . 
 once . '' 
 curiosity flickered in his eyes , but i shook my head . 
 `` i might be able to explain someday . 
 the same day you explain to me why you disappeared from the inn when we visited hampstead the first time . '' 
 grenville started , then laughed . 
 `` and i thought i was utterly discreet . '' 
 he turned to look out the window , his gaze fixing on something far from here . 
 `` let us say that i have a friend who once met a lady . 
 but what was between them could not be . 
 and so he agreed to go away . 
 much time has passed since then . 
 and then the friend heard the lady was in hampstead , and so he searched for any excuse to go there . '' 
 he slanted me a wry look . 
 `` unfortunately , his damned curiosity led him to an interest in other problems , and he went all the way to somerset to satisfy it . '' 
 grenville looked embarrassed , an expression i 'd never seen on his face . 
 his sangfroid had slipped , and i had the feeling that few people had ever seen it slip . 
 i tapped my walking stick on the scarred , square toe of my boot . 
 `` i have a friend , '' i began , then stopped . 
 i should say nothing , but somehow i wanted grenville to know , to understand , the depths of my anger , and why i 'd never forgiven brandon , nor he me . 
 `` this friend knew another man , a man of pride and wealth whom the friend deeply respected . 
 my friend followed his every order without question . 
 one day , '' i said , my voice slowing , `` this respected man made the decision to put aside his lady . 
 she could not give him children , you see , which was a severe blow to him . 
 the great man 's family and name meant much to him , and he saw his lineage trickling away to weaker and lesser branches . 
 and so he decided , with great reluctance , that she must be sent away . '' 
 i studied the tip of my boot with great intensity . 
 `` my friend objected in the strongest possible manner to the dishonor such a thing would cause this lady . 
 if she were put aside , she would be ruined , reviled , and this the friend could not allow . 
 he found himself in the situation of having to choose between his love for the lady and his love for the great man . 
 and so he chose . 
 things grew complex from there . 
 suffice it to say , the two gentlemen nearly killed each other over it . '' 
 i stopped , tired of the memories . 
 still vivid in my mind was the night louisa 's golden head had rested on my shoulder when she 'd come to me in anguish . 
 i remembered with perfect clarity , as though it had happened yesterday , the silken texture of her hair beneath my palm , the heat of her tears on my cheek . 
 also vivid was the look on brandon 's face when he 'd walked in and found her crying on my shoulder -- the anger , the chagrin , the utter heartbreak . 
 i said nothing about the rest of it , how brandon had let anger simmer inside him until the day he could take his revenge . 
 after vitoria , he had sent me to take up immediate command of another unit , neglecting to inform me i 'd journey alone right through a pocket of french troops . 
 they ambushed me , stole the papers i carried -- which were false anyway -- and then amused themselves torturing me . 
 an english troop at last swooped down upon them , and i was left with the dead . 
 the english did not see me , and i crawled away from the scavengers , broken and barely alive . 
 after many days , i had regained my regiment , my leg a ruin . 
 the look on brandon 's face when he saw that i was alive told me everything . 
 our commander had not been best pleased with either of us . 
 a scandal between officers was not what he wanted in his regiment . 
 he had made me realize that if i raised a stink , if brandon were court-martialed as he deserved , the disgrace would stain all of us -- brandon , me , louisa , the regiment . 
 we three had agreed to leave the army and return to london . 
 when i looked up from my muddy boot i found grenville regarding me in stunned surprise . 
 `` forgive me , lacey . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 he drew a breath . 
 `` i am honored that you told me this . 
 i swear to you it will never cross my lips to another soul . '' 
 i had no doubt that he would keep his silence . 
 grenville kept staring at me as though he thought me even more a wonder than he had before , until i grew irritated . 
 `` you make too much of it , '' i said , and turned to look out the window . 
 we said nothing more until we reached the well-bred house of the beauchamps , charlotte morrison 's cousins . 
 * * * * * chapter twenty-four `` i 'm so pleased to see you again , captain . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp shook my hand . 
 `` do you have news ? '' 
 `` i 'm happy to tell you , mrs. beauchamp , that miss morrison is alive and well . 
 in somerset . '' 
 eyes widened , brows rose . 
 mr. beauchamp spluttered , `` somerset ? '' 
 `` good heavens , why has she not written us ? '' 
 his wife said at the same time . 
 `` did she return to her family 's house ? '' 
 grenville glanced at me . 
 i had n't told him what i 'd intended to say , but he followed my lead . 
 `` i saw her , '' he said . 
 `` she is safe . 
 and married . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp gaped . 
 `` married ? '' 
 `` but why not write to us ? '' 
 her husband demanded . 
 `` why disgrace herself by running away ? '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' mrs. beauchamp said . 
 `` she is safe , thank god . 
 do you have her direction , mr. grenville ? 
 i must write to her and tell her that of course we forgive her . 
 she must be worried that we 'll be angry with her . 
 no , we should make preparations to journey there and tell her ourselves . '' 
 i held up my hands . 
 `` i believe she does n't yet want visitors . 
 no doubt she 'll write to you when she is ready . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp lost her smile . 
 `` i do not understand . 
 we 're her family . '' 
 `` that is all i know , madam . 
 i myself care only that she is safe and well . '' 
 beauchamp 's ruddy face held a mixture of relief and anger . 
 `` i thank you for coming in person to tell us , captain . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` it was good of you . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 mrs. beauchamp sounded subdued . 
 i shook both their hands . 
 `` i bid you good afternoon . '' 
 grenville , who 'd kept his composure well throughout the entire exchange , bowed and murmured his good-byes , though i could see him bursting to ask me questions . 
 beauchamp followed us out . 
 he waited until the footman had given us our hats and gloves , and he accompanied us out into the soft rain . 
 `` my wife is understandably upset , '' beauchamp said . 
 `` but we feared the worst . 
 no doubt we will rejoice that charlotte is well when the surprise wears off . 
 it was kind of you to journey all this way to tell us . '' 
 `` i had another errand in the area , '' i said . 
 i took a parcel from my coat . 
 `` and i wanted to give you this . '' 
 beauchamp frowned at the parcel , but he took it , bemused . 
 grenville 's footman helped me into the carriage , and grenville sprang up behind me , the door slamming as the carriage rolled away . 
 beauchamp remained in front of the house , staring at the brown paper , rain pattering on his bare head . 
 grenville contained himself until we 'd gone half a mile . 
 `` i 've kept my peace long enough , lacey . 
 what the devil did you give him ? '' 
 the road curved , bending through the flat land behind the beauchamps ' house . 
 `` ask your coachman to stop . '' 
 `` would it be futile to demand to know why ? '' 
 `` i will tell you in a moment . '' 
 grenville look was aggrieved , but he rapped on the carriage roof and gave the order to stop . 
 we waited . 
 the damp air rose , fresh and green-smelling , the earth rich and virgin , awaiting the first spring planting . 
 a muddy path led to a stile , and over this to the meadow behind the beauchamps ' home . 
 the horses , bored , snorted and moved in the traces , rocking the carriage slightly . 
 the light rain grew heavier . 
 a rider appeared at the bottom of the meadow , on a small horse , trotting fast . 
 both horse and rider were rotund , the master rivaling his mount for squat body and stout belly . 
 grenville lowered his window . 
 `` it 's beauchamp . '' 
 at the stile , beauchamp dismounted . 
 he did not tie his horse , but it seemed content to lower its head and crop grass . 
 beauchamp climbed the stile and scrambled down the other side , his face streaming perspiration and rain . 
 he approached the coach . 
 i opened the door and climbed to the ground to meet him . 
 he thrust the parcel at me . 
 `` what is your game , lacey ? 
 what is this ? '' 
 `` lord sommerville 's housekeeper gave it to me , '' i said . 
 `` it 's the remains of the gown a servant girl wore the night she was killed , sometime near the end of february . 
 a man bashed in her head and tried to bury her in the woods . 
 were you not at the inquest ? 
 the entire village turned up , i 've been told . '' 
 beauchamp glared at me , flushed and angry . 
 `` my wife and i stayed away . 
 it was a sordid affair . '' 
 i opened the paper and smoothed the blue worsted strips . 
 `` likely it was her best dress . 
 she must have been excited , knowing she was going to meet a lover . 
 not the solid , hardworking young man who 'd hoped to marry her , but an older man , well off and respected , who would give her presents . 
 maybe jewelry and gowns finer than this . '' 
 grenville climbed down from the carriage and his coachman watched from above . 
 beauchamp looked from me to grenville . 
 `` what do you want of me ? '' 
 i ignored him . 
 `` perhaps , as the mistress of a wealthy gentleman , the kitchen maid began to give herself airs . 
 perhaps she threatened to tell her young man about her lover , or your wife . '' 
 beauchamp took on a hunted look . 
 `` she was a silly girl , a maid , for heaven 's sake . 
 what did she expect me to do ? 
 put aside my dear wife for her ? 
 you gentlemen understand . '' 
 `` your cousin , charlotte , knew who killed her , '' i said . 
 beauchamp began to stammer . 
 `` matilda was n't murdered . 
 it was an accident . 
 she fell and hit her head . '' 
 `` or perhaps charlotte did not know ; i can not say . 
 but your attentions must have frightened charlotte . 
 so much so that she fled you , in a manner that makes it impossible for you to pursue her and bring her back . '' 
 beauchamp gave me a pleading look . 
 `` we took charlotte in , we gave her a home . 
 how could she have done this ? 
 we were her family . '' 
 his bleating was pathetic , but i hardened my heart . 
 `` i imagine your wife 's pretty young cousin was a great temptation for you . 
 an intelligent and beautiful girl would be much more satisfying than a silly maid . 
 and close at hand , under your own roof . 
 you 'd need no secret trysts in hedgerows . 
 did you seduce charlotte ? 
 or threaten her if she did not comply ? '' 
 beauchamp sucked in his breath . 
 `` how do you know this ? 
 charlotte must have told you . '' 
 `` your wife gave me her letters . 
 you sent a boy after me to steal and destroy them . 
 you feared that charlotte might have written some hint , left some clue of what you had done to her . '' 
 beauchamp clasped his hands against his ample belly . 
 `` you must not tell my wife . 
 she is a gentle creature . 
 it will break her heart . 
 please , i beg of you . '' 
 i went on ruthlessly . 
 `` what happened in the woods that night ? 
 did you tell matilda you 'd found better ? 
 perhaps matilda did not want to leave so quietly . 
 perhaps she threatened to make a fuss . 
 and you grew alarmed , and struck out . '' 
 tears trickled down his cheeks . 
 `` no , it truly was an accident , i swear it . 
 matilda wanted me to run away with her . 
 she started to screech and cry . 
 i tried to make her stop . 
 she started to run away , but she stumbled and fell . 
 i heard her head crack on a rock . 
 i tried to help her , but her head was covered with blood , and she had stopped breathing . 
 i could not take her home ; could not explain . '' 
 i thrust the parcel back into his hands . 
 `` explain it to lord sommerville . 
 he is a reasonable man . '' 
 beauchamp wiped his eyes . 
 `` will i ever see charlotte again ? '' 
 `` i rather doubt it . 
 tell your wife the truth , all of it . 
 she will understand why charlotte is n't coming back . '' 
 i turned away from him . 
 grenville , his face white , waited while i climbed back into the carriage . 
 `` please , gentlemen . '' 
 grenville ascended behind me , and his footman , shocked and trying to hide it , shut the door . 
 i looked out the window at beauchamp , weeping beneath me . 
 `` go home , '' i said . 
 grenville rapped on the roof of the carriage , and the coachman drove on . 
 *** *** *** `` are you going to tell sommerville ? '' 
 grenville eyed me sternly . 
 `` if you do n't , i will . '' 
 i leaned back against the sumptuous cushions , suddenly exhausted and wanting to be done with it . 
 `` i 'll write sommerville tonight and post it in the morning . 
 i want to give beauchamp time to confess . 
 if he has an ounce of honor , he will take the blame and leave his wife out of it . '' 
 `` if he has any honor at all , he will already be dead , '' grenville said . 
 i wondered if the man with the rabbity eyes would have the courage to put a pistol to his own head and save his wife the pain of his trial and the public knowledge of his betrayal . 
 `` i wish i knew if he had . 
 it is up to him now . '' 
 as we made our way back to london , my tiredness lifted somewhat , and i told grenville about my second visit to denis and what i 'd decided about his involvement in jane thornton 's abduction . 
 i did not much want to talk about it , but i 'd learned my lesson . 
 if i had n't written grenville that rude and angry letter , and if he had n't been magnanimous enough to forgive my idiotic pride and come looking for me , i 'd probably be resting at the bottom of the thames , black nancy with me . 
 grenville was eager to interview jemmy with me , but i told him i needed to run another errand , one i 'd rather do alone . 
 he did not ask me what , but he regarded me sharply as i descended the carriage . 
 what i had to face next pained me beyond thought . 
 i left home shortly after dark and traveled to the house near st. paul 's churchyard . 
 as before , i was shown to an upstairs parlor , and josette martin met me there . 
 she came forward and took my hand , lamplight shining on the thick braids of her nearly black hair . 
 `` captain lacey . 
 i am pleased to see you again . 
 will you sit ? '' 
 i remained standing , holding her hand . 
 `` when do you leave for france ? '' 
 she looked at me in surprise . 
 `` a week today . 
 why ? '' 
 `` can you leave tomorrow ? 
 will aimee be well enough to travel ? '' 
 `` tomorrow ? 
 i am not certain . '' 
 `` even if she is n't , i advise you to take aimee and start for france immediately . '' 
 `` why , captain ? 
 i do not understand . '' 
 i led josette toward the worn divan and drew her to sit facing me . 
 the room smelled faintly of old flowers , overlaid with the slightly stuffy scent of a room whose windows had long been closed . 
 `` because i know who killed josiah horne , '' i said . 
 `` in all conscience , and following duty , i ought to tell someone everything i know . '' 
 josette 's face drained of color . 
 `` please explain what you mean . '' 
 `` the runners arrested bremer , the butler . 
 he went to newgate , but he died before he came to trial . 
 they are satisfied . 
 but bremer did n't kill mr. horne . '' 
 her beautiful eyes shied from mine . 
 `` you can not know that . 
 how can you ? '' 
 i held her hands gently . 
 `` alice must have told you that she believed aimee was a captive in horne 's house . 
 she had no proof , but you did not let that stop you , did you ? 
 going to the front door would not help the thorntons and alice , so you decided to approach through the kitchens . 
 you began making deliveries to the horne household , possibly offering a greengrocer or seamstress your services . '' 
 `` i did nothing , sir , '' she said weakly . 
 `` i 'd been so concerned about who 'd entered horne 's house through the front door that day , that it never occurred to me to worry about who went in through the scullery . 
 but the lad who lives next door to horne saw you . 
 you 'd started making deliveries , he said , about four weeks earlier -- right after alice and mr. thornton discovered that jane was living with horne . 
 `` the lad next door spent the day of the murder looking out the window , waiting for his tutor , who never arrived . 
 he told me that two delivery men and a woman with a basket had gone down the kitchen stairs and entered the house . 
 i thought nothing of it , and neither did he . 
 that day , at last , you must have been able to go from the kitchens to the study upstairs . 
 i imagine no one in that chaotic household noticed you . 
 am i right ? '' 
 josette pressed her hands to her face , tears leaking from her beautiful eyes . 
 `` she did not mean to do it . 
 aimee was so frightened . 
 and so desperate . 
 she just struck out . 
 she did not even know . '' 
 * * * * * chapter twenty-five i waited , my heart heavy , until josette 's weeping quieted . 
 when she looked up at me , her black lashes were wet with tears . 
 i said quietly , `` you found aimee in the study when you entered it . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` he was on the carpet , with the knife in his chest , and aimee lay in a swoon beside him . 
 it had happened only moments before i arrived . 
 aimee did not even realize what she 'd done . 
 he 'd taken her from the wardrobe where he 'd locked her that day . 
 the knife had been lying on the desk -- i suppose he 'd used it for opening letters or cutting open books . 
 she simply picked it up and struck him with it . 
 there was very little blood . 
 a little on her hand ; that was all . '' 
 `` if it is done correctly , a blow like that does not bleed much . '' 
 `` but i knew that if aimee was found there , she would hang . 
 no matter what the man horne had done to her , it would be aimee who paid . '' 
 fire burned in the depths of her beautiful eyes . 
 `` i could not let that happen . '' 
 `` no , '' i agreed . 
 `` you could not . 
 so you wiped off her hands , renewed the bonds on her wrists , and locked her back into the wardrobe . 
 aimee was frightened enough and confused enough to obey you . 
 you knew that she would likely be found after the murder was discovered , and of course no one would suspect her , when her hands were tied so tightly and the wardrobe was locked from the outside . 
 if they did n't find her , you would return to the house as the concerned aunt , looking for her . 
 it must have been difficult to leave her . '' 
 she nodded fervently . 
 `` it was , oh , yes , it was . 
 but if i 'd taken her away then , we might be discovered . 
 they 'd find mr. horne , and aimee would be accused of the crime . 
 i had to leave her . '' 
 `` it was wise of you . '' 
 locking aimee back in the wardrobe would have served two purposes -- the obvious one of making it seem that aimee could not possibly have committed the murder ; and second , the discovery of her in the wardrobe would expose horne for the bastard he was . 
 a man having sport with a maid was one thing . 
 making a slave of her was something else . 
 josette swallowed . 
 `` i had to make certain that the bonds cut into her flesh , and then i had to walk away from her . 
 i had to go home and wait , not knowing who would find aimee and when . 
 it was the next morning before alice sent word that she was safe . 
 i had no idea , all that night , if i 'd done right . 
 no way to know -- '' more tears spilled from her lovely eyes . 
 i pressed josette 's work-worn hand between my own . 
 `` but your deception worked . 
 i voiced my opinion loudly to everyone who would listen that it was impossible for aimee to have killed horne . 
 it was n't until i speculated that two people might have been involved that i realized aimee could very well have stabbed him . 
 her accomplice would have to have been coolheaded , brave , and utterly devoted to her . 
 and i remembered that aimee had an aunt who had raised her and was preparing to take her away to france . '' 
 `` you are right , '' josette said softly . 
 `` i am devoted to her . 
 and i 'm as guilty as she . '' 
 `` you did one more thing before you left that room . '' 
 she whitened . 
 `` i barely remember it . '' 
 i smoothed my fingers over the back of her hand . 
 `` i would have been in a howling rage myself . '' 
 `` i was . '' 
 she raised her head , words angry . 
 `` he had hurt aimee so deeply , and there he lay , dying , beyond my reach . 
 i wanted to hurt him back . 
 he 'd already taken down his trousers , and there he was , exposed for the world to see . 
 i am not certain what happened then . 
 but the knife was in my hand , and i -- '' i saw again the yellow carpet bathed in blood , smelled the pungent odor of it . 
 i saw josette of the beautiful eyes , the knife in her hand , rage twisting her face , savagely cutting the man who had raped her beloved niece . 
 blood had poured from his body , exposing his sins . 
 he had bled the same as any other man would bleed , though his soul was foul and black . 
 `` what will you do , captain ? '' 
 josette asked in a quiet voice . 
 `` if you go to a magistrate , please , i beg you , let me take the blame . 
 tell them i killed mr. horne . 
 let aimee go . '' 
 i stood up , leaning heavily on my walking stick . 
 `` in two days , i will confess what i know to one other person and decide then what is best to do . 
 if i wait longer , i will be tempted to hide it forever , and let the innocent bremer be labeled the culprit . 
 in two days , you can be in france . 
 i advise you to tell no one exactly where you are going . '' 
 josette looked at me for a long time before she nodded . 
 `` it will be as you say . 
 i believe aimee will be well enough to leave tomorrow . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` you must think me hard , captain , to do what i have done . 
 but she is my only family . 
 and what he did was unforgivable . '' 
 i cupped her cheek . 
 `` i think you are courageous , josette . 
 and quite beautiful . '' 
 i leaned down and pressed a kiss to her parted lips . 
 `` god bless you , '' i whispered , then i left her . 
 *** *** *** the next day , james denis sent a carriage for me , and when i climbed into it , i found denis himself waiting for me . 
 `` upon reflection , '' he said , settling a rug with fine-gloved hands , `` i decided i wanted to be present when you interviewed my former coachman . '' 
 i was not pleased at this turn of events , but i had no choice . 
 if i wanted to find jane thornton , i needed denis 's assistance . 
 `` to prevent jemmy from telling me the wrong things ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 denis did not much like sharing the carriage with me either , if his fidgeting with his gloves and his walking stick were any indication . 
 also , he 'd squeezed one of his massive footmen into the seat next to me , and this man watched my every move . 
 we went to a house in a lane that opened from the strand . 
 i realized as i entered the house 's dark interior that this might well have been the house to which jane had been lured by the procuress . 
 jemmy sat behind a plain wooden table in a ground-floor room . 
 two of denis 's large men stood near him , waiting for us . 
 jemmy started when he saw me , then sank back into his chair , his face pasty white . 
 a fire had been lit , and the room was warm , but the only light came from the flames on the hearth . 
 when i sat down opposite jemmy , red light illuminated his pocked face and glinted on his filed teeth . 
 `` where is jane thornton ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 jemmy looked , not at me , but over my shoulder to where denis waited . 
 `` why is he here ? 
 i do n't understand this . '' 
 `` answer his question , '' came denis 's voice , smooth as silk . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know nothing . '' 
 `` horne must have met you in his dealings with your employer , '' i said . 
 `` perhaps he asked you if you wanted to make a little extra money doing a favor for him . '' 
 `` what of it ? 
 no harm in making a bit of the ready . '' 
 denis broke in . 
 `` if you needed more money , you should have told me . 
 i would have found extra work for you . '' 
 his quiet , matter-of-fact tone made jemmy blench . 
 `` you contacted the procuress , '' i said . 
 `` you thought of the girl you 'd abduct -- the young friend of mr. carstairs 's daughter -- and let the procuress make the plan . 
 she lured away jane and her maid , probably with the help of an accomplice , and after the fervor had died down , you returned to help carry them to horne . 
 horne paid you , and you thought no more of it . 
 until the night he sent for you again . '' 
 jemmy clenched his hands . 
 `` i wo n't listen to this . '' 
 i do n't know what look denis gave him , but jemmy subsided at once . 
 behind me i heard denis walk softly to the window . 
 `` that night , about four weeks ago , you drove whatever conveyance you had to hand to hanover square , '' i continued . 
 `` you carried jane thornton from horne 's house . 
 where did you take her ? '' 
 jemmy wet his lips . 
 `` i ca n't be sure . 
 a place he directed me to . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember , i tell you . '' 
 i started over the table for him . 
 jemmy slammed back in his chair , giving me a half-belligerent , half-fearful look . 
 denis turned from the window . 
 `` tell the captain what he wants to know , jemmy . '' 
 jemmy swallowed nervously , firelight gleaming on his sweating face . 
 `` i ca n't explain it . 
 i 'd have to take you . '' 
 `` take me then . '' 
 jemmy 's gaze darted to denis as he stood up . 
 i moved aside to let him around the table , and we left the room . 
 one of denis 's thugs led the way , then denis himself , then me , then jemmy , the second large man bringing up the rear . 
 when we reached the street , jemmy tried to bolt . 
 the two servants locked themselves on either side of jemmy and manhandled him to the top of the coach . 
 while they held him there , denis and i were assisted inside by denis 's stone-faced footman . 
 denis instructed the coachman to follow jemmy 's directions , but i asked that we stop by the thorntons ' nearby house first . 
 i needed to ask alice to accompany us . 
 i wanted there to be no mistake in jane thornton 's identity . 
 alice looked nervous about joining me and denis inside the carriage , but she came all the same , hope in her eyes . 
 i asked her about mr. thornton . 
 `` he 's mending , sir . 
 but slowly . 
 if we could find miss jane , it might make all the difference . '' 
 the ride was tedious through snaking traffic and the rain . 
 the coach was as sumptuous as grenville 's with velvet walls , gold leaf on the windows , and cushioned stools for our feet . 
 denis looked out the window as though alice did not exist , and the bulky footman watched her with his cold , blank stare . 
 the carriage wound its way to london bridge , and thence across . 
 we entered southwark . 
 `` where the devil is he taking us ? '' 
 i asked , peering out at the gloom . 
 denis shrugged , with the air of a man who is always surrounded by a bubble of safety . 
 i fully expected a gang of toughs to be waiting at the end of the journey , jemmy taking us straight to them . 
 or denis might have recruited jemmy to lead me into the lion 's den , but i did n't think so . 
 the terror in jemmy 's eyes had been real , and denis and i seemed to have called a truce of sorts . 
 the stink of the river hung heavily in the air , as did the smoke from an ironworks . 
 stagnant pools of noisome water reflected the black of coal smoke and the dreary sky . 
 the carriage ground to a stop in a back lane that fronted the river . 
 from here , steps led down to the shore of the thames , where fishermen clung to their trade . 
 the footman assisted me down , and i handed alice out myself . 
 a wave of rain swept over us . 
 alice tented her shawl above her head . 
 jemmy had descended from the top of the carriage and now stood uncertainly between denis 's two servants . 
 `` down there , '' he said , pointing to the river . 
 `` where ? 
 show me . '' 
 he did n't want to . 
 but his fear of denis overcame his fear of me , and jemmy plodded down the muddy , slippery steps . 
 i followed with alice . 
 denis remained inside the carriage . 
 he could easily tell his coachman to drive away and leave us stranded , and i think the same thought occurred to alice , because she melted close to me and stayed there . 
 jemmy led us to a fishing shack that looked no different from the others that dotted the shore . 
 the thames rolled away beyond us , the far bank lost in the mist and rain . 
 before he reached the door , jemmy stopped suddenly . 
 `` it 's the beaks ! '' 
 he shouted into the shack . 
 `` run ! '' 
 a man came boiling out and sprinted down the beach . 
 a woman followed him , but too slowly . 
 one of denis 's men leapt forward and caught her as she slipped on the rocks . 
 he dragged her back to us . 
 hanks of gray hair hung limply about her face , which was lined and worn . 
 her eyes held fear but also defiance . 
 `` we did n't do nothing . 
 makes no difference what ' e said . '' 
 `` where is miss thornton ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she looked bewildered . '' 
 ` oo ? '' 
 `` this way , '' jemmy said . 
 he tramped around the shed and down a path that led to the shore . 
 jemmy led us along this , myself and alice trailing him , denis 's servant following with the woman , who kept up a constant patter about nothing being her fault . 
 at the end of the path , behind a stone staircase that led back up to southwark , lay a pile of debris , looking like nothing more than a caved-in shed and a tarp held down by rocks . 
 jemmy made for the tarp . 
 `` no ! '' 
 the woman shouted . 
 `` it were n't me . '' 
 jemmy lifted pieces of the debris and hurled them aside . 
 one of the footmen stepped in and helped him . 
 after a space had been cleared , jemmy reached down and tugged back a fold of tarp . 
 beneath it lay a small , white hand , palm up , fingers curled in supplication to the uncaring sky . 
 alice gave a sharp cry . 
 `` it were n't us , '' the woman bleated . 
 `` he brought her to us , told us to hide her . 
 we wanted to dump her in the river , but he said no , we had to hide her . 
 she were already dead when she came . '' 
 i moved to the debris as alice clung to my coat . 
 i slid my walking stick under the tarp and turned it back . 
 a woman 's body lay there , covered in muck and mud . 
 what had once been a nightdress clung to her chest , which was sunken with time and the piles of board that had rested atop her . 
 her face was pale , serene , eyes closed , mouth limp , but the skin of her neck was puckered with decay . 
 alice sank to her knees beside me , a wail tearing from her . 
 the fisherman 's woman darted back , as though afraid of the sound , and pointed a thin finger at jemmy . 
 `` he brought her ` ere . 
 ` e 's the murderer . '' 
 `` i did n't murder no one , '' jemmy said . 
 `` she were dead already when he sent for me . '' 
 i believed him . 
 i 'd seen what horne had done to aimee . 
 possibly horne had n't meant to kill jane ; possibly it was pure accident . 
 perhaps when horne had seen what he 'd done , he 'd panicked . 
 he 'd sent for jemmy , remembering the young man 's help abducting the girls in the first place , and bade him get rid of her . 
 young philip preston had told me someone had carried a bundle , like a carpet , to the dark carriage that night . 
 a carpet , yes , but with jane 's body rolled inside it . 
 alice 's sobs turned to a wordless keening . 
 i covered jane 's body with the tarp , then i straightened and faced jemmy . 
 jemmy stepped back in alarm . 
 i stared him down , the man who 'd caused jane thornton 's ruin and death , even if indirectly . 
 jemmy had made the abduction possible and was as much to blame as horne . 
 i unsheathed my sword . 
 the blade rang , and raindrops glittered on the bright steel as bitter anger burned through me . 
 i wanted nothing more than to press that sharpness through the terrified coachman 's heart and watch him bleed until he died . 
 behind me alice sobbed . 
 `` please do n't , sir . 
 it wo n't bring her back . '' 
 it was as though my conscience had spoken aloud . 
 i pressed my anger down , slid the blade back into its sheath , and helped alice to her feet . 
 in silence , i led her back up the path to the stairs . 
 not until we approached the waiting carriage did i realize that jemmy and denis 's two footmen had not returned with me . 
 i glanced back through the rain to the bank below , but i could n't see them . 
 the footman who 'd remained with the carriage opened the door and hoisted both alice and myself back inside . 
 alice huddled , damp and miserable , into a corner . 
 i took the seat next to her , forcing the footman to sit next to denis . 
 we rode in silence back through southwark , winding into the traffic heading across the bridge to the city . 
 denis studied me in the soft lantern light , the only one of us dry and unmussed . 
 `` revenge , captain , is usually a waste of time , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't deal in it . '' 
 `` jane was avenged , '' i said quietly . 
 `` with the murder of horne by the butler ? 
 i suppose she was , indirectly . '' 
 `` but it will not be enough . 
 i want the procuress and anyone else who helped them . '' 
 denis shook his head . 
 `` you are a hard man , captain lacey . '' 
 `` if horne had taken an innocent child and dashed out its brains , it would have been no different . 
 all she 'd ever known was happiness and people who cared for her . 
 suddenly all that was ripped from her , and she faced a monster . 
 i can not even begin to imagine her terror . 
 she must have found it unbelievable that such a thing could happen . '' 
 alice whimpered . 
 i wanted to pat her hand , to comfort her , but i had no comfort to give . 
 sometimes there is no comfort , only the knowledge that the worst has happened . 
 `` i want everyone who was a part of that to face a magistrate and be punished for their sins . '' 
 denis gave his head a slight shake . 
 `` jemmy will not face a magistrate . 
 he will face me . 
 he had no business dealing directly with horne without my knowledge . '' 
 i looked into his blank , handsome face and cold eyes , and my anger grew hot and heavy . 
 `` you are filth . '' 
 denis held up his hand in its immaculate , expensive glove . 
 `` have no doubt , i will make him name his accomplices . '' 
 `` and send them to a magistrate ? 
 i want them tried before god . '' 
 he looked idly out the window . 
 `` it will do you no good to take them to court . 
 first , you would have to prove what you say . 
 i told you , i will not give you jemmy , and without him , you will have no eyewitness . 
 second , you would have to tell the story of your miss thornton in all its sordid details , a story that would be sensational enough to be printed in the newspapers for all the world to see . 
 her family will always bear the stigma of having a daughter abducted , ruined , and murdered . 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 my lips moved with difficulty . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i know you want vengeance , but the conventional way is not the best in this case . 
 i will obtain your revenge for you , as a favor . '' 
 `` i do not want to owe favors to you . '' 
 `` you already owe me favors , captain . 
 you will get nowhere without jemmy , and i will not give him to you . 
 you will have to let me do this my way . '' 
 i met denis 's eyes , clear , cold , and unforgiving . 
 he knew i was dangerous to him , and he 'd already begun taking precautions against me . 
 i knew i would not win . 
 *** *** *** `` so i let him , '' i said . 
 louisa twined her cool fingers through mine . 
 she reposed next to me on the low divan in my sitting room , where she 'd sat for the last three hours while i poured out my story . 
 five days had passed since i 'd discovered jane 's fate . 
 four of those i 'd spent sunk in melancholia , unable to rise from my bed , barely able to eat the broth mrs. beltan forced upon me . 
 even today , every movement of my limbs hurt me , every motion was made with the greatest effort . 
 i had gone to the brandons ' brook street house after i 'd helped alice break the news to mrs. thornton that her daughter was dead . 
 louisa had been out , but her husband had been there , and i 'd made him tell me where she was . 
 he insisted on accompanying me to the card party at lady aline 's , where louisa was happily gambling and chatting with friends . 
 louisa 's mirth had evaporated when her husband and i entered to pull her from the sitting room . 
 i explained what had happened , barely able to speak , my mind already pulling away from me . 
 i was never sure what happened after that , because after a long , long time traveling back through london and the hour it took to climb my stairs to my rooms , i 'd had strength enough only to crawl into bed and lie there . 
 i learned later that louisa had gone to the thorntons and given them what aid she could , including arranging for jane 's body to be retrieved and decently buried in a churchyard with the proper service . 
 she told me that mr. thornton would survive his gunshot wound , but she suspected he would always be weak . 
 the heart had gone out of him . 
 i never did discover what had happened to jemmy and the procuress and anyone else involved in the matter . 
 i came across a terse letter from denis as i leafed through the post that had piled on my writing desk in the intervening time . 
 in brief sentences , he told me that everything had been taken care of , giving me no details . 
 from that day forward , i heard nothing , not from denis , not in newspapers , not in rumor . 
 i told louisa everything , the words tumbling from my lips , as though she were a papist confessor and i a contrite sinner . 
 `` so i turned my back on jemmy and left him to denis 's mercy . 
 god knows what he did to him . '' 
 louisa lifted her head , and firelight glistened on a sleek , golden curl that fell to her neck . 
 `` i confess that i do not feel much sympathy for him . 
 not after spending these past days with mrs. thornton . 
 not for horne , not jemmy , not the procuress . '' 
 `` you did n't see denis 's eyes . 
 i have never seen anything so cold . 
 it 's as though he 's not even alive , louisa . '' 
 she shivered . 
 `` i think i never want to meet this man . 
 although i am very angry about what he did to you , and i would like to tell him so . '' 
 i smiled at the image of louisa brandon scolding james denis , her finger extended , then i sobered . 
 `` he wanted to punish jemmy himself , not because jemmy had done a terrible thing , but because he 'd disobeyed denis . 
 and , denis sees it as a way to have power over me . '' 
 `` mr. denis also could not let jemmy in court for fear of what he might confess in the dock -- or on the scaffold , '' louisa pointed out . 
 `` denis does have the magistrates in his pocket , but gossip and public opinion can still ruin him . '' 
 i ran my hands through my hair . 
 `` but i did the same , did n't i ? 
 i let my own will prevail over the law and justice . '' 
 `` by letting aimee 's aunt take her to france ? '' 
 i rested my head against the back of the divan . 
 `` ease my conscience , louisa . 
 was i right to let her go ? '' 
 louisa met my eyes , hers clear gray and filled with compassion . 
 `` what horne did was unforgivable . 
 aimee took his life in desperation , and in defense of her own . 
 he never would have paid for what he 'd done , if she had n't . '' 
 `` i know that , '' i said . 
 `` i 've shot men who were doing their best to shoot me , i 've plunged my saber into men who were trying to plunge their bayonets into me . 
 i had to defend myself . 
 does that make me -- or aimee , or josette -- any less wrong for taking another person 's life ? '' 
 `` i can not answer that , gabriel . 
 what was right for aimee , and what was wrong , i do not know . 
 perhaps the choice was neither right nor wrong . 
 it only existed . '' 
 louisa laid her hand on my knee . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` if i go to bow street and tell them all i know , aimee and josette would be dragged back to england , likely to be hanged . 
 horne was a prominent man , and they are nobodies . '' 
 `` what will you do , then ? '' 
 louisa watched me , expectant . 
 i stared at a point beyond the flaking plaster arches that climbed to my ceiling . 
 the firelight softened the once-gilded walls to a mimicry of their former glory . 
 `` i must let them live . '' 
 louisa looked relieved . 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 `` may god forgive me . '' 
 louisa leaned to me , fragrant with lemon and silk , and pressed a soft kiss to my forehead . 
 `` even if he will not , '' she whispered , `` i will . '' 
 end * * * * * author 's note i hope you enjoyed the hanover square affair . 
 this series began as a labor of love years ago , with my vision of captain lacey as one of the many soldiers who returned from the napoleonic wars with no money , no family , and no prospects ; he is gentleman-born , but caught in the world of poverty . 
 the first six books of the captain lacey regency mysteries were published by berkley prime crime and went out of print a few years later . 
 other projects kept me from returning to the series , but i received letter after letter inquiring about the fate of captain lacey -- so many that when indie -lrb- self - -rrb- publishing came about , i was willing to try it . 
 i expected to sell very little when i re-released the first books , but to my astonishment , the series quickly outsold the previously published print books several times over , and continues to sell well . 
 i put out the books first in e-editions , but each book is now available in print -lrb- from online booksellers or via special order from any bookstore , plus book depository in the uk and europe -rrb- . 
 i was happy to be able to put out new books , including the necklace affair , a never-before-published novella sitting in my drawer , then a death in norfolk and a disappearance in drury lane to continue the series . 
 more original novels and novellas are in the works . 
 audio editions and foreign-language editions of the books are coming out as well . 
 to be kept up-to-date on the publication of new books as well as audio editions and special sales , please join the ashley gardner newsletter by going here : http://tinyurl.com/k9z4ggf and filling in the form . 
 -lrb- any email addresses i collect are never given out or sold to anyone . -rrb- 
 updates are also posted to my website and blog : http://www.gardnermysteries.com , which also contains a list of books in the series , in order . 
 you may subscribe to updates to the blog and site there . 
 if you would like to leave a review for this book or any of the captain lacey books on goodreads or wherever you shop , please do . 
 reviews always help spread the word about an author 's books . 
 thanks again for reading ! 
 captain lacey 's adventures continue in a regimental murder . 
 books in the captain lacey regency mystery series the hanover square affair a regimental murder the glass house the sudbury school murders the necklace affair a body in berkeley square a covent garden mystery a death in norfolk a disappearance in drury lane the gentleman 's walking stick -lrb- short stories -rrb- and more to come ! 
 save $ on boxed sets ! 
 captain lacey regency mysteries , vol 1 includes the hanover square affair a regimental murder the glass house the gentleman 's walking stick -lrb- short story collection -rrb- a $ 8 -lrb- us -rrb- value for $ 4.99 ! 
 captain lacey regency mysteries , vol 2 includes the sudbury school murders the necklace affair a body in berkeley square a covent garden mystery a $ 10 -lrb- us -rrb- value for $ 6.99 ! 
 continue for a preview of a regimental murder captain lacey regency mysteries book 2 by ashley gardner * * * * * chapter one a new bridge was rising to cross the thames just south and east of covent garden , a silent hulk of stone and scaffolding slowly stretching its arches across the river . 
 i walked down to this unfinished bridge one sweltering july night through darkness that belonged to pickpockets and game girls , from grimpen lane to russel street through covent garden , its stalls shut up and silent , along southampton street and the strand to the pathways that led to the bridge . 
 i walked to escape my dreams . 
 i had dreamed of a spanish summer , one as hot as this , but with dry breezes from rocky hillsides under a baking sun . 
 the long days came back to me and the steamy rains that muddied the roads and fell on my tent like needles in the night . 
 the warmth took me back to the days i had been a cavalry captain , and to one particular night when it had stormed and things had changed for me . 
 now i was in london , iberia far away . 
 the damp warmth of cobblestones caressed my feet , soft rain striking my face and rolling in little rivulets down my nose . 
 the hulk of the bridge was silent , a dark presence not yet born . 
 that is not to say it was deserted . 
 a street theatre distracted passersby on the strand and game girls stood at the edges of the pavement . 
 a threesome of burly men , arm-in-arm and smelling of ale , pushed through singing a happy tune off-key . 
 they slithered and dodged among wheeled conveyances , never loosening their hold on one another . 
 their merry song drifted into the night . 
 a woman brushed past me , making for the tunnel of darkness that led to the bridge . 
 droplets of rain sparkled on her dark cloak , and i glimpsed beneath her hood a fine , sculpted face and the glitter of jewels . 
 she passed so close that i saw the shape of each slender gloved finger that had held her cloak , and the fine chain of gold that adorned her wrist . 
 she was a furtive shadow in the midst of the city night , a lady where no lady should be . 
 she was alone -- no footman or maid pattered after her , holding slipper box or lantern . 
 she was dressed for the opera or the theatre or a mayfair ballroom , and yet she hastened here , to the dark of the incomplete bridge . 
 she interested me , this lady , pricking the curiosity beneath my melancholia . 
 she might , of course , be a high flyer , an upper-class woman of dubious reputation , but i did not think so . 
 high flyers were even more prone than ladies of quality to shutting themselves away in gaudy carriages and taking great care of their clothes and slippers . 
 also , this woman did not carry herself like a lady of doubtful morals , but like a lady who knew she was out of place and strove to be every inch a lady even so . 
 i turned , my curiosity and alarm aroused , and followed her . 
 darkness quickly closed on us , the soft rain our only companion . 
 she walked out onto an unfinished arch of the bridge , slippers whispering on boards laid over stones . 
 i quickened my steps . 
 the boards moved beneath my feet , the hollow sound carrying to her . 
 she looked back , her face pale in the darkness . 
 her cloak swirled open to reveal a dove gray gown , and her slender legs in white stockings flashed against the night . 
 she reached the crest of the arch . 
 the rain thickened , a gust of wind blowing it like mist across the bridge . 
 when it cleared , a shadow detached itself from the dark arms of scaffolding and moved toward her . 
 the woman started , but did not flee . 
 the person -- man or woman , i could not tell which -- bent to her , speaking rapidly . 
 the lady appeared to listen , then she stepped back . 
 `` no , '' she said clearly . 
 `` i can not . '' 
 the shadow leaned forward , hands moving in persuasive gestures . 
 she backed away , shaking her head . 
 suddenly , she cried out , turned , started to run . 
 the assailant lunged at her , and i heard the ring of a knife . 
 i ran forward . 
 the assailant -- male -- looked up , saw me coming . 
 i was a large man , and i carried a walking stick , within which was concealed a stout sword . 
 perhaps he knew who i was , perhaps he 'd seen me and my famous temper at work . 
 in any event , he flung the woman from him and fled . 
 she landed hard on the stones and boards , too near the edge . 
 i snatched at the assailant , but his knife flashed in the rain , catching me across my palm . 
 i grunted . 
 he scuttled away into the darkness , disappearing in a wash of rain . 
 i let him go . 
 i balanced myself on the slippery boards and made my way to her . 
 to my left , empty air rose from the roiling thames , mist and hot rain and foul odors . 
 one misstep and i would plunge down into the waiting , noisome river . 
 the woman lay facedown , her body half over the edge . 
 her cloak tangled her so that she could not roll to safety , and her hands worked fruitlessly to pull herself to the firm stones . 
 i leaned down , seized her about her waist , and hauled her back to the middle of the bridge . 
 she cringed from me , her hands strong as she pushed me away . 
 `` carefully , '' i said . 
 `` he is gone . 
 you are safe . '' 
 her hood had fallen back . 
 the jewels i 'd glimpsed were diamonds , a fine tiara of them . 
 they sparkled against her dark hair , which lay in snarls over her cloak . 
 `` who was he ? '' 
 i asked in a gentle voice . 
 she looked about wildly , as though unsure of who i meant . 
 `` i do not know . 
 a -- a beggar , i think . '' 
 one with a sharp knife . 
 my hand stung and my glove was ruined . 
 i helped her to her feet . 
 she clung to me a moment , her fright still too close . 
 gradually , as the rain quieted into a soft summer shower , she returned to herself again . 
 her hands uncurled from my coat , and her panicked grip relaxed . 
 `` thank you , '' she said . 
 `` thank you for helping me . '' 
 i said something polite , as though i had merely opened a door for her at a soiree . 
 i led her off the bridge and out of the darkness , back to the solid reality of the strand . 
 i kept a sharp eye out for her assailant , but i saw no one . 
 he had fled . 
 our adventure had not gone without attention . 
 by the time we reached the strand , a small crowd had gathered to peer curiously at us . 
 a group of ladies in tawdry finery looked the woman over . 
 `` why 'd she go out there , then ? '' 
 one remarked to the crowd in general . 
 `` tried to throw herself over , '' another answered . 
 `` belly-full , i 'd wager . '' 
 the second nodded . 
 `` most like . '' 
 the woman appeared not to hear them , but she moved closer to me , her hand tightening on my sleeve . 
 a spindly man in faded black fell in beside us as we moved on . 
 he grinned , showing crooked teeth and bathing me with coffee-scented breath . 
 `` excellent work , captain . 
 how brave you are . '' 
 i knew him . 
 the man 's name was billings , and he was a journalist , one of those damned insolent breed who dressed badly and followed the rich and prominent , hoping for a breath of scandal . 
 billings hung about the theatres at drury lane and covent garden , waiting for members of the haut ton to do something indiscreet . 
 i toyed with the idea of beating him off , but knew that such an action would only replay itself in the paragraphs of whatever scurrilous story he chose to write . 
 the curious thing was , the lady seemed to recognize him . 
 she pressed her face into my sleeve , not in a gesture of fear , but betraying a wish to hide . 
 his grin grew broader . 
 he saluted me and sauntered off , no doubt to pen an entirely false version of events for the morning herald . 
 i led the lady along the strand toward southampton street . 
 she was still shaking and shocked and needed to get indoors . 
 `` i want to take you home , '' i said . 
 `` you must tell me where that is . '' 
 she shook her head vehemently . 
 `` no . '' 
 her voice was little more than a scratch . 
 `` not home . 
 not there . '' 
 `` where , then ? '' 
 but she would not give me an alternate direction , no matter how much i plied her . 
 i wondered where she had left her conveyance , where her retinue of servants waited for her . 
 she offered nothing , only moved swiftly along beside me , head bent so i could not see her face . 
 `` you must tell me where your carriage is , '' i tried again . 
 she shook her head , and continued to shake it no matter how i pleaded with her . 
 `` all right , then , '' i said , at my wit 's end . 
 `` i will take you to a friend who will look after you . 
 mrs. brandon is quite respectable . 
 she is the wife of a colonel . '' 
 my lady stopped , pale lips parting in surprise . 
 her eyes , deep blue i saw now that we stood in the light , widened . 
 `` mrs. brandon ? '' 
 suddenly , she began to laugh . 
 her hands balled into tight fists , and she pressed them into her stomach , hysteria shaking her . 
 i tried to quiet her , but she laughed on , until at last the broken laughs turned to sobs . 
 `` not mrs. brandon , '' she gasped . 
 `` oh , please , no , never that . 
 i will go with you , anywhere you want . 
 take me to hell if you like , but not home , and not to mrs. brandon , for god 's sake . 
 that would never do . '' 
 *** *** *** in the end , i took her to my rooms in grimpen lane , a narrow cul-de-sac off russel street near covent garden market . 
 the lane was hot with the summer night . 
 my hardworking neighbors were in their beds , though a few street girls lingered in the shadows , and a gin-soaked young man lay flat on his back not far from the bake shop . 
 if the man did not manage to drag himself away , the game girls would no doubt rob him blind , if they had n't already . 
 i stopped at a narrow door beside the bake shop , unlocked and opened it . 
 stuffy air poured down at us . 
 the staircase inside had once been grand , and the remnants of an idyllic mural could be seen in the moonlight -- shepherds and shepherdesses pursuing each other across a flat green landscape , a curious mixture of innocence and lust . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 my lady asked in whisper . 
 `` number 5 , grimpen lane , '' i answered as i led her upstairs and unlocked the door on the first landing . 
 `` in my lighter moments , i call it home . '' 
 behind the door lay my rooms , once the drawing rooms of whatever wealthy family had lived here a century ago . 
 the flat above mine was quiet , which meant that marianne simmons , my upstairs neighbor , was either on stage in drury lane or tucked away somewhere with a gentleman . 
 mrs. beltan , the landlady who ran the bake shop below , lived streets away with her sister . 
 the house was empty and we were alone . 
 i ushered the woman inside . 
 she remained standing in the middle of the carpet , rubbing her hands as i stirred the embers that still glowed in my grate . 
 the night was warm , but the old walls held a chill that no amount of sun could leach away . 
 once a tiny fire crackled in the coals , i opened the windows , which i 'd left closed to keep birds from seeking shelter in my front room . 
 the breeze that had sprung up at the river barely reached grimpen lane , but the open window at least moved the stagnant air . 
 by the fire 's light , i saw that the woman was likely in her late thirties , or fortyish as i was . 
 she had a classic beauty that the bloody scratches on her cheek could not mar , a clean line of jaw , square cheekbones , arched brows over full-lashed eyes . 
 faint lines feathered from her eyes and corners of her mouth , not age , but weariness . 
 i took her wet cloak from her , then led her to the wing chair near the fire and bade her sit . 
 i stripped her ruined slippers from her ice-cold feet then fetched a blanket from my bed and tucked it around her . 
 she sat through the proceedings without interest . 
 i poured out a large measure of brandy from a fine bottle my acquaintance lucius grenville had sent me and brought it to her . 
 the glass shook against her mouth , but i held it steady and made her drink every drop . 
 then i brought her another . 
 after the third glass , her shaking at last began to cease . 
 she leaned against the worn wing chair , her eyes closing . 
 i fetched a cloth , dampened it with water at my wash basin , and began to wipe the blood and grime from her hands . 
 sitting this near to her let me study her closely . 
 her hair , now tangled and loose , was darkest brown , bearing only a few strands of gray . 
 her mouth was regal and straight , the mouth of a woman not much given to laughter . 
 she was a lady , highborn and wealthy , who had been to a ball or soiree or opera . 
 who had managed to get herself away from her carriage and servants to walk alone to the unfinished bridge at the strand for her secret errand . 
 i still did not know who she was . 
 grenville would know . 
 lucius grenville knew everyone who was anyone in london . 
 every would-be dandy from the prince of wales to lads just down from eton copied his dress , his manners , and his tastes in everything from food to horses to women . 
 this famous man had befriended me , he 'd said because he found me interesting , a relief from the ennui of london society . 
 most londoners envied me my favored position , but i had not yet decided whether i should be flattered or insulted . 
 `` will you tell me who you are ? '' 
 i asked as i worked . 
 `` no . '' 
 the voice was matter-of-fact , the timbre rich and warm . 
 `` or why you went to the bridge ? '' 
 her closed eyes tightened . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` who was the man who accosted you ? 
 did you have an appointment to meet him ? '' 
 she opened her eyes in sudden alarm . 
 then she focused her gaze on my left shoulder , holding it there as if it steadied her . 
 `` he was a beggar , i told you . 
 i thought to give him a coin , because he was pitiable . 
 then i saw he had a knife and tried to flee him . '' 
 `` happy chance i was there to stop him . '' 
 my palm still throbbed from the cut he 'd given me , but it was shallow , my glove having taken the brunt of it . 
 `` that still does not answer the question of why you went to the bridge in the first place . '' 
 she lifted her head and bathed me in a haughty stare . 
 `` that is my own affair . '' 
 of course she would not tell me the truth , and i had not thought she would . 
 i wondered if the women at the bridge had been right , that she 'd gone there to end her life . 
 suicide was a common enough means of ending one 's troubles in these times -- a gentleman ruined by debt , a soldier afraid to face battle , a woman raped and abandoned . 
 i was no stranger myself to melancholia . 
 when i 'd first returned to london from spain , the black despair had settled on me more times than i cared to think about . 
 the fits had lessened since the turn of the year , because my sense of purpose was slowly returning to me . 
 i had made new friends and was beginning to find interest in even the most wretched corners of london . 
 she offered nothing more , and i carefully touched my cloth to the scrapes on her cheek . 
 she flinched , but did not pull away . 
 `` you may rest here until you feel better , '' i said . 
 `` my bed is uncomfortable , but better than nothing . 
 the brandy will help you sleep . '' 
 she studied me a moment , her eyes unfocussed . 
 then , with a suddenness that took my breath away , she lifted her slim arms and twined them about my neck . 
 the light silk of her sleeves caressed my skin , and her breath was warm on my lips . 
 i swallowed . 
 `` madam . '' 
 she did not let me go . 
 she pulled me into her embrace and pushed her soft mouth against mine . 
 primal blood beat through my body , and i balled my fists . 
 i tasted her lips for one heady moment before i reached up and gently pushed her from me . 
 `` madam , '' i repeated . 
 she gazed at me with hungry intensity . 
 `` why not ? 
 does it matter so much ? '' 
 her eyes filled and she whispered again , `` why not ? '' 
 i could easily have accepted what she offered . 
 she was beautiful , and her lips were warm , and she had quite entranced me . 
 it was devilish difficult to tell her no . 
 but i did it . 
 she sat back and regarded me limply . 
 i picked up the cloth i had dropped and resumed dabbing the blood from her face . 
 my hands trembled . 
 silence grew . 
 the fire hissed in the grate , coal at last warming the air . 
 my lips tingled , still tasting her , and my body absolutely hated me . 
 none would blame me , it said . 
 she had come here , alone , deliberately forsaking protection , and had offered herself freely . 
 the censure would go to her , not to me . 
 except the censure from myself , i finished silently . 
 i had already tallied too many regrets in my life to add another . 
 after a time , her eyes drifted closed . 
 her breathing grew steady , and i thought she slept . 
 i returned the cloth to my washbasin , but when i came back to her , she was watching me . 
 `` they killed my husband , '' she announced . 
 end of excerpt * * * * * about the author award-winning ashley gardner is a pseudonym for new york times bestselling author jennifer ashley . 
 under both names -- and a third , allyson james -- ashley has written more than 75 published novels and novellas in mystery and romance . 
 her books have won several rt bookreviews reviewers choice awards -lrb- including best historical mystery for the sudbury school murders -rrb- , and romance writers of america 's rita -lrb- given for the best romance novels and novellas of the year -rrb- . 
 ashley 's books have been translated into more than a dozen different languages and have earned starred reviews in booklist . 
 more about the captain lacey series can be found at the website : www.gardnermysteries.com . 
 or email ashley gardner at gardnermysteries@cox.net 
