 the john doe : by veronice ceccarelli published by veronice ceccarelli at smashwords -lrb- copyright © 2011 by veronice ceccarelli this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 the john doe was found in a gutter . 
 a young man , naked and very cold . 
 his only injury seemed to be some very severe anal tearing . 
 there was a lot of dried blood . 
 he wore no jewellery , not even a watch . 
 dental records were irrelevant , as it appeared he 'd never had a filling in his life . 
 there were no tattoos or piercings , and no sign of drug use . 
 he had long hair , which was one handy descriptor , black but with white strands , unusual . 
 and he had distinctive bracelet scars around both wrists . 
 they were old . 
 a detailed description was sent to the new york police to see if they could match him to a missing person . 
 there was no sign of physical trauma to the head , but the brain scan was distinctly abnormal . 
 he remained deeply comatose . 
 he was a charity patient , and the surgeon was not in a hurry to perform the reconstructive surgery required . 
 when he checked him finally , three days after he came in , he told the resident doctor that surgery was not needed . 
 the resident had a close look , and compared what he saw with his notes . 
 the man had healed amazingly well . 
 he could have sworn surgery was needed . 
 but he was a busy man , and soon forgot the oddity . 
 it was nearly christmas . 
 another brain scan was performed with no change observable . 
 there was brain activity according to the eeg results , but was atypical -- not normal . 
 the bed was needed , there was no sign of recovery , and the john doe was transferred to ward 14 , the ward that housed over two dozen other comatose male patients , none of them expected to regain consciousness . 
 tubes kept them alive . 
 most had a nasogastric tube through which they were fed . 
 some had intravenous drips as well , often those with muscle spasms that sometimes had them screaming in pain , though supposedly not knowing anything , or feeling anything . 
 all of them had the indignity of a urine bag hanging beside their bed . 
 a few were on breathing machines , but if a person needed help to breathe , doctors at this hospital seldom encouraged relatives to keep them alive . 
 the john doe , of course , had no known relatives . 
 they left his hair long . 
 somehow it seemed to give him a touch more dignity in his helplessness , though it was more trouble than the very short haircut most of the long term patients had . 
 the weeks passed . 
 on the first of march . 
 rebecca , the nurse , smiled . 
 she thought that one of the other nurses must have a fondness for the john doe , maybe josie who was notoriously soft-hearted . 
 most of the patients were shaved every second day , but john was often left for three or even four days , as he had less beard growth than most . 
 it was rebecca 's shift that was responsible for shaving the patients , but now rebecca touched the smooth cheek , and thought that someone had obviously shaved him recently . 
 several days later , josie laughed to taylor that rebecca must be sweet on john , as he was being shaved every day now . 
 she reached over and smoothed down the tape on his cheek that held the nasogastric tube and kept it from being put under strain . 
 it was coming up at the corner again . 
 the vague shapes surrounded him . 
 there was an irritation in his nose . 
 his feeble hand tried to remove the tube , plucking at the tape . 
 but consciousness faded and blackness returned . 
 it was not until the third week of march that rebecca told the doctor that john might be coming out of it , that she 'd noticed movement , that he 'd been trying to remove the nasogastric tube . 
 the doctor peered at him . 
 the patient was young , of course , and sometimes the young ones did show improvement . 
 and there had never been any obvious reason for the coma , in spite of the puzzling brain scans . 
 there was more brain activity shown when they did another eeg . 
 maybe he was coming out of it . 
 the next day , josie found the nasogastric tube lying on the floor , and the urine bag was leaking where john had presumably interfered with it . 
 at least , the bed was dry . 
 it was getting to be a nuisance , and although josie spoke loudly to him , there was no response , not even when she tried painful stimuli . 
 she adjusted restraints around his wrists instead . 
 he could hurt himself pulling out the tube when he did n't know what he was doing . 
 two hours later , he screamed , twisting and struggling frantically against the restraints . 
 josie pulled them off , and he gradually calmed , staring at her , before trying again to pluck at the tape that held the nasogastric tube . 
 she pulled away his hands , trying to tell him that it was all right , that he had to leave the tube alone . 
 but his eyes were closing , and she readjusted the restraints . 
 it was n't until the next shift that he started to wake again and tried to raise his hands . 
 finding himself restrained , he panicked again , screaming and struggling , throwing himself as hard as he could away from those ties that bound him . 
 rebecca ran to him , holding his arms , speaking loudly , trying to penetrate his fear . 
 her partner said , `` take them off ? '' 
 rebecca nodded , and the restraints were removed , although with some difficulty as he kept jerking against them . 
 only when he could move his hands as he wanted , did he stop struggling and lie still . 
 his eyes were open , and rebecca took the opportunity . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the blurred figure was known to the patient , who could feel her as an individual , even as his eyes saw only a vague shape . 
 `` you must not tie me up ! '' 
 he said to her urgently . 
 `` please , do n't tie me up . '' 
 rebecca explained to him soothingly that they were only restraints so that he would n't pull out the tube in his nose . 
 but as she explained that he had to have the tube , even if he did n't like it , that he 'd starve without it , darkness was swamping him again . 
 but they moved him close to the nurses ' station where he 'd be easier watched , and they left off the restraints . 
 the next time he woke , rebecca saw his beginning movement , a sudden frantic jerk of his arms . 
 finding them free , he sighed and relaxed , and stared at the ceiling before turning his head , trying to take in his surroundings . 
 rebecca jumped to attention as his hands rose to his face , but he only passed his hands once over his cheeks , and then put them down again , feeling , instead , the rails at the sides of his bed . 
 she went to him , saying a gentle hello . 
 he looked in her direction , her shape interrupting the light from a window . 
 the shape seemed to be shifting and blending into the background , and he squinted , trying to see more clearly . 
 rebecca took his hand . 
 they so rarely saw a patient recover in this ward , and the nurses had objected strenuously when it was suggested he should be moved , even though a waking patient could be a lot more work than a comatose one . 
 gently , she was telling him where he was , in hospital , and she said her name was rebecca , and she introduced simon , her partner . 
 the nurses usually worked in pairs , as it was easier when there so much lifting involved . 
 simon asked this time , `` what 's your name ? '' 
 john took no notice . 
 but when rebecca asked his name , he answered , `` john . '' 
 they 'd been calling him john , or ` the john doe , ' but john was a common name , and his name , quite easily , could really be john . 
 `` tell me your full name , john , '' said rebecca . 
 `` what 's your full name ? '' 
 john put a hand to his aching head , but he answered rebecca , who 'd been around all his life . 
 `` my name 's john doe . '' 
 rebecca and simon looked at each other , but did n't press further . 
 his hand went to his face , plucking at the tape again , and he complained , `` i do n't like it ! '' 
 simon pulled his hand away , and he resisted a moment , before sighing and closing his eyes . 
 it had been barely five minutes , but the nurses were gleeful . 
 john was getting better . 
 rebecca touched his smooth cheek . 
 `` i wonder who 's been shaving him . 
 it 's not in the notes . '' 
 if there were indications of waking from him during the next two shifts , it passed unnoticed , though there was another brain scan that showed no change , and an eeg that showed little change , either . 
 the wave pattern still indicated a comatose state . 
 the resident doctor had a good look at him , and requested a senior doctor have a look . 
 `` when i 'm not so busy , '' said the expert , looking at the notes of an acute care patient . 
 ****** morning shift again , rebecca and simon , barbara ritchie in overall charge of this ward , and the adjacent one , that held eighteen female comatose patients . 
 it was one of the biggest hospitals in new york and accepted the largest number of charity patients . 
 rebecca and simon were working at the other end of the ward , washing the men , one by one , shaving most , changing urine bags , the usual routine . 
 it was a large workload , but it was all the staff they had . 
 they looked up at a crash , and a perfectly normal sounding , `` bugger ! '' 
 john was getting up from the floor , clinging to the railings of his bed , which he 'd apparently climbed over . 
 they abandoned the swarthy man they 'd been tending , and hurried to him . 
 the tube was on the floor again , and the urine bag was leaking all over the floor as well . 
 john was looking around , peering blindly . 
 he smiled at rebecca and simon as they approached , and asked , `` can i have a shower now ? '' 
 simon grabbed a chair from the next door patient , whose wife occasionally visited . 
 john was pressed into a chair , but looked at rebecca , and repeated , `` please rebecca , i need a shower . '' 
 rebecca looked at simon , who shrugged . 
 `` stay here , i 'll get it ready . '' 
 rebecca asked john his name and address while he looked about . 
 his eyes fell on the next door bed and he said sadly , `` his bottom hurts . 
 you should turn him on his side more . '' 
 rebecca repeated her question , and he replied , puzzled , `` you know my name . 
 i 'm john . '' 
 `` john doe ? '' 
 rebecca asked , and john nodded . 
 they put him in a wheelchair to take him to the bathroom , where he vanished into the toilet , closing the door . 
 they waited , hoping he would n't fall . 
 but they already knew that things were easier if they did n't try and restrain him . 
 his shower was skimpy , and he was staggering when he emerged . 
 speedily , they took him back to bed , and he managed to climb in before closing his eyes , looking a lot more contented . 
 simon touched his face . 
 `` he needs a shave , '' he commented . 
 john passed two hands over his cheeks , and his face was smooth . 
 his nurses stared at each other , mouths agape . 
 how had he done that ? 
 it was definite , and they told each other again and again . 
 yes , he 'd definitely needed a shave . 
 yes , he put his hands to his cheeks , and he no longer needed a shave . 
 senior nurse ritchie laughed at them when they told her . 
 but they insisted , and she came and touched his cheek . 
 maybe john did n't like her , because he muttered something and turned his head away . 
 `` prove it then ! '' 
 she finally told them . 
 `` restrain him for a few days , so his beard grows a bit more , then we 'll take the restraints off and we 'll see what happens . '' 
 they tried to explain that john panicked when restrained , but barbara ritchie was one of those supervisors who saw any hint of an opposing opinion as a threat , and she instantly made it an order instead of a request . 
 rebecca and simon had no choice , though rebecca hated herself when next her patient woke and thrashed around in the bed , trying desperately to escape . 
 there was a very bad couple of days for john then . 
 he struggled and fought , and when his strength ran out , he begged piteously for release , addressing his nurses by name . 
 and when he was refused , no matter what reassurances they tried to offer , he sobbed in despair . 
 but even so , his intervals of consciousness were only about ten minutes at a time , a few times a day . 
 barbara ritchie relented after two days , and although the beard growth was not a great deal , it was still discernible , and was obvious to the touch . 
 there was an audience . 
 the manager of the hospital was curious when barbara mentioned the odd phenomenon that two of her nurses claimed to have seen . 
 the resident doctor wanted to watch as well , but an emergency arose in another ward , and he could n't be there . 
 simon removed the restraints , and rebecca told her sleeping patient that he was not tied up any more , and he needed a shave . 
 he made no move . 
 rebecca picked up his hand , and touched it to his cheek . 
 he frowned , and both hands came up , and the cheeks were smooth . 
 this time , there were four witnesses who felt his cheeks to confirm , but his eyes were open now , and he was looking around anxiously , repeatedly raising his hands to make sure that they really were free . 
 `` rebecca ? '' 
 he queried , knowing which of the shapes she was . 
 she was reassuring . 
 he was n't panicking as he was n't tied , but he was acutely unhappy . 
 he did n't know what was wrong , but there were too many people , and they were all looking at him . 
 he turned his head away and closed his eyes as if to hide . 
 they knew he was n't sleeping , as there was an anxious frown on his face . 
 simon held a hand and tried to reassure , but he never took as much notice of the man as he did the woman , and he only opened his eyes when rebecca touched him on the shoulder and told him to stop worrying . 
 everything was all right . 
 he stayed awake longer that time , but he only relaxed when he was left alone . 
 and then he was again plucking at the tape that held the nasogastric tube . 
 simon took a few quick strides to his side , and explained again that the tube was to feed him . 
 john looked for rebecca , but rebecca was busy elsewhere , and he looked back at simon . 
 `` i 'd like a feed , '' he said . 
 `` i 'd like ice-cream please . '' 
 simon laughed , and called to rebecca . 
 `` he wants ice-cream . '' 
 rebecca looked up from her unpleasant job , and said , `` well , why do n't we take out the tube and give him some ice-cream , then ? '' 
 they took out the tube , and they gave him some ice-cream , and he thanked them politely before closing his eyes . 
 he opened them again though , and his voice was rather high pitched , frightened , as he said , `` are you going to tie me up again ? '' 
 simon touched him gently on the shoulder . 
 `` i doubt we 'll need to do that ever again . '' 
 john doe was getting better . 
 john doe was a mystery and no-one understood how he could shave merely by touching his hands to his cheeks . 
 his carers were bitterly disappointed when he was efficiently whisked away in the middle of the night , and they were not even told where he 'd been taken . 
 ****** chapter 2 : he was tied up again , and again john fought desperately against the restraints and begged for release . 
 but rebecca was n't there and nor were any of the other nurses he knew . 
 none of them were even female . 
 the hated tube was back in place . 
 cameras were pointed at him , fixed only a couple of feet above his face and working continuously , but his sight was poor , and they were only vague shapes to him . 
 other cameras kept the whole of the room under a constant surveillance . 
 john doe was very closely watched . 
 enquiries were made , trying to ascertain his identity , but without result . 
 colonel mark bedville was put in charge of facility 19 , where john doe now lay . 
 there were no other beds , no other patients . 
 one of the walls was of a clear pale shade . 
 it was kept free of furnishings . 
 behind the wall , there was a room where observers could watch every move the subject made . 
 there were two male nurses on duty at all times . 
 they were army nurses . 
 isaac berg was an army doctor , a man of about thirty , who looked solid , reliable , kindly . 
 but he had an intense curiosity , too , and had been transferred to this duty from a hospital where research was being undertaken into the treatment of mental diseases . 
 neither isaac nor the nurses were dressed in army uniform , isaac in civilian clothing , the male nurses with white tunic tops over grey trousers . 
 two armed soldiers guarded the room , but outside the door , out of sight of the subject . 
 outside , repairs were being made to the high fence , and the barbed wire that had been long removed , was replaced . 
 the soldiers who guarded facility 19 were armed with rifles , with batons , and with stun guns . 
 the border patrol had attack dogs . 
 the soldiers were subject to the official secrets act , though hardly any of them knew why they were there . 
 the facility had been originally designed for bacteriological warfare research , though it had never been used for that purpose , and was more recently used to train commandos to take control of a building filled with ` hostiles . ' 
 there was a lot of repair work and modification going on , cameras were rigged in many areas , and those on the gates were briefed on the need for utmost security . 
 again , there was an audience when one of the nurses removed the restraints . 
 joe price called the attention of colonel bedville and the doctor to the scars that encircled the wrists of their patient . 
 `` probably why he fights against being restrained so much , '' remakred isaac . 
 `` he 's been traumatized at some stage . '' 
 `` it ca n't have been from the rape , '' said the colonel . 
 `` those scars have to be more than a few months old . '' 
 isaac agreed . 
 `` white in his hair , too , '' commented the colonel . 
 `` how old do you think he might be ? '' 
 `` about twenty-four , twenty-five , not much older , '' said the doctor . 
 `` take out the nasogastric tube as well , joe , '' he instructed . 
 `` we 'll try feeding him normally . 
 it seems they managed it the day before he was brought here . '' 
 he added to the colonel , `` he might do a lot better now he 's not restrained , especially if we can feed him by mouth . 
 he urgently needs to put a bit of weight on . '' 
 they had full notes , the originals from the hospital . 
 the amended notes left with the hospital records no longer mentioned anything unusual . 
 price told john that he needed a shave . 
 he repeated it , speaking in a firm tone . 
 the colonel took over . 
 `` john , it 's time to shave . 
 shave yourself . '' 
 the patient turned his head away . 
 there was a continuous eeg reading now , the electrodes attached here and there on their patient 's head . 
 isaac watched the readings attentively . 
 usually , they still mostly showed the characteristic coma pattern , but at the moment , it showed merely a sleeping pattern . 
 he thought that john could wake up now , if he chose . 
 but maybe , it would be better if they just waited . 
 even the colonel had n't lost the soldier 's ability to be patient when required , and now they stepped back from the bed , and waited . 
 two on one side , two on the other , none of them in front of the observers in the next room , and none of them obscuring the path of the several cameras in the room . 
 a half hour of silence passed . 
 they waited . 
 the movement from the man in the bed was convulsive as he wrenched himself over , pulling his arms up in a violent movement . 
 but he was free and he stopped moving almost straight away , only looking around quietly . 
 his hand went to his cheek , but he was only touching , feeling for the presence of the hated tube . 
 it was n't there . 
 he did n't like these men who surrounded him . 
 he wanted rebecca , and he said her name , questioning , `` rebecca ? '' 
 they stayed silent . 
 they had a suspicion he did n't see very well and still hoped he might perform that behavior that was so incredible . 
 there had been four witnesses , but they wanted to see it themselves and they very much wanted it on film . 
 film was firm evidence . 
 as intended , the beard growth was obvious now . 
 they 'd left him restrained for four days , making sure that the film would show clearly the phenomenon . 
 john stared at the ceiling , and spoke in a low voice , but quite clearly . 
 `` i do n't like to be watched . '' 
 isaac shrugged and went to him , saying who he was , and saying who his nurses were . 
 john looked fully at him and then away . 
 `` why did you tie me up ? '' 
 isaac adopted an even more soothing tone . 
 he said that he 'd had to be restrained because he was not being sensible . 
 they were only able to take off the restraints when he 'd calmed down . 
 john looked at him and said nothing . 
 he was quite unable to be sensible when tied up and the doctor was lying . 
 he could feel it . 
 isaac was looking at him with an understanding half smile . 
 it seemed his patient bore a grudge . 
 `` would you like something to eat ? '' 
 the grudge was forgotten as john turned a delighted smile to him . 
 he definitely wanted something to eat . 
 he was very hungry . 
 afterward , they helped him to the bathroom and he showered . 
 he felt so much better . 
 he slept again when he returned to bed and they readjusted the electrodes for continuous eeg monitoring . 
 he 'd been awake forty minutes , far longer than on any previous occasion . 
 only his nurses were in the room next time he woke , and price nudged rockdale and pointed . 
 still with eyes shut , john passed both hands over his cheeks and the dark growth was gone . 
 he was as smooth cheeked as a child . 
 but their silent jubilation apparently penetrated the sleep of john , who turned his head toward them and spoke in an irritable tone , `` what ? '' 
 they did n't answer , but his eyes were open , looking at the ceiling . 
 a knowledge seeped into him . 
 he was not supposed to shave like that . 
 when people watched , he had to always use a razor . 
 it was the first of april . 
 the watchers were disappointed that they did n't see the weird phenomenon again . 
 but they had it on film , and the film was watched again and again . 
 they did n't know what they had , but they knew it was not a normal human . 
 john was doing well , awake longer each day , eating well and beginning to put on weight . 
 but when he asked for a razor so he could shave , they denied him . 
 he stared at them in puzzlement . 
 he had to be able to shave , he hated himself unshaven , and somehow the knowledge that he had a different way of shaving was lost . 
 on the fifth day he peered at the dark beard growth in the bathroom mirror . 
 the see-through wall was right beside him and a man watched from just behind . 
 slowly , john turned toward the man and abruptly slammed his fist against the wall . 
 the man behind the wall flinched and retreated . 
 john was looking black , peering at the wall , totally opaque from his side , and then returning to the bedroom area and striding up and down next to the wall , his head turned to it , appearing to be looking straight through . 
 price and rockdale pressed a button , otherwise just watching . 
 price finally asked , `` what 's the matter , john ? '' 
 john spared him a bare glance . 
 he did n't like his nurses , any of them . 
 he preferred rebecca and josie and taylor . 
 abruptly , he strode toward the door , trying it and finding it locked . 
 he turned , leaning back to the wall , and started to tremble . 
 he was staring at his nurses . 
 he still had little strength and they were the ones who helped him shower , helped him dress , kept his room clean and tidy and brought him meals . 
 they 'd not been cruel or bossy , but they were not female . 
 john did n't like them . 
 isaac was in the observation room now , watching . 
 john said , `` i want to go out . '' 
 rockdale said , perfectly calmly , `` you ca n't go out , you 're not well enough . '' 
 john was already feeling the crippling weakness flooding his body . 
 he turned to the door again , wrenching at the doorknob . 
 it was opened . 
 he tried to brush past isaac , but isaac put out a hand and caught his arm . 
 `` you 're being silly , john . 
 if you want to go out , we 'll organize a wheelchair and your nurses will take you out . '' 
 john stood still , trembling . 
 he was beginning to think he was a prisoner and was feeling the same fear as when he was tied . 
 he gave a deep sigh of relief when he was taken into the open . 
 he felt with his senses and pointed where he wanted to go . 
 isaac nodded at rocky . 
 the area of grass felt good to him . 
 shakily , he stood out of the wheelchair , isaac helping support him . 
 `` i want to sit on the grass for a little while , '' he explained . 
 and when they helped him down , he lay on his back , put out a hand and touched the living grass . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 the sunshine warmed him . 
 it was a good feeling . 
 isaac sat on the grass next to him . 
 john still had his eyes closed . 
 `` what sort of a hospital is this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` where are the other patients . '' 
 isaac said calmly , patiently , `` it 's a research hospital . 
 the other patients are in other wards , but there are not many , as we only take those who are interesting cases . '' 
 john frowned . 
 `` am i an interesting case ? '' 
 isaac said , still in that calming voice , `` total amnesia is very rare . '' 
 john still frowned . 
 `` have i got amnesia ? '' 
 `` do you remember who you are , where you came from ? '' 
 john thought for a few minutes , but then shook his head . 
 `` i have n't lived very long . 
 there 's nothing to remember . '' 
 isaac nodded . 
 total amnesia was very rare , but it was n't why john was carefully guarded in a large , secure facility , with no other patients . 
 but it was obvious that he was worried about being a prisoner and the illusion would be maintained as long as possible , that it was just a hospital . 
 on re-entering ` ward 3 , ' as they described it , john frowned again at the bare wall . 
 `` why am i watched all the time ? 
 i do n't like being watched all the time . '' 
 isaac was still with him . 
 `` we 're looking after you . 
 you would never have had such careful treatment in the public hospital . '' 
 but john declared , `` i prefer the other hospital . 
 i 'd like to go back , please . '' 
 isaac gave him a lengthy and entirely fictitious explanation of why a patient could not be in a public hospital when there was a private hospital willing to take him . 
 he finished , `` do you understand ? '' 
 john said no , but there was a lot he did n't understand , and he only looked to the table where a meal waited . 
 he 'd been awake nearly three hours . 
 it was a rapid and consistent improvement , although he was still quite unsteady on his feet . 
 but now , when he rose to his feet , he stopped , looking uncertain and a little frightened . 
 for a moment , he just stood , swaying , then he clapped his hands to his head and gave a strangled cry of pain , falling to the floor , writhing in agony . 
 he quietened after a few minutes , staying very still , but with his body tense , and when isaac felt his pulse , it was racing . 
 he was in a very great deal of distress . 
 they put him in bed , though he resisted slightly when they first touched him and muttered that they should leave him alone . 
 but it seemed that even those words cost him too much and isaac felt his body become more limp as he lost consciousness . 
 it was only for a few minutes , as it seemed the pain was too great for such an easy release . 
 the painkiller administered did n't make any difference , and when they started to fix the electrodes for continuous eeg monitoring , he started fitting . 
 the first seizure went for a long time . 
 there were more in the next hours and days , periods of head pain , then seizures , followed by hours of unconsciousness . 
 he was sensible for brief intervals , though it seemed he was never sensible enough to leave the feeding tube in place . 
 the third time he pulled it out , roughly , hurting himself , they decided to leave it out . 
 feeding him that way did n't seem to do him much good in any case . 
 he would n't tolerate an intravenous drip at all , and if they tried to make him leave it in , he only panicked in the same way he panicked if he found himself restrained . 
 they handled him with tact and efficiency . 
 he began to have more trust in isaac and in his nurses , the four regular ones , and the ones who came to relieve when they went off for meal breaks . 
 as soon as he seemed to be over the episode of head pains and fitting , they started taking him outside every day . 
 on several occasions , he saw men and women in dressing gowns , escorted by nurses . 
 they were beginning to find him more cheerful , and he seemed to be ignoring the wall that hid the watchers . 
 but the watchers were no longer continually observing , spending most of their time editing film that was taken . 
 all the cameras were in continuous operation , and there were cameras everywhere . 
 all film that showed the subject was retained , parts copied and edited as a separate record of different behaviors . 
 film where he was just sleeping or eating or showering was not very useful , but collections of instances where he appeared to show some sort of unusual ability , such as looking through the opaque wall , were collated and closely watched . 
 he still needed building up , and as he still spent large parts of each day sleeping , there was no attempt for the time being to give him meals at regular times . 
 he was eternally hungry , it seemed , and never declined a meal . 
 he asked to see a book that price was reading one day , but only gave it back . 
 `` i ca n't read , '' he said . 
 after that , isaac put him through a series of eyesight tests , which served to confuse the doctor greatly . 
 sometimes , it seemed that john could barely see , falling over a chair if it was moved , for instance , and yet he always knew who was around him and sometimes he could apparently see perfectly well . 
 he ran through the eyesight chart perfectly , for instance , then misjudged the doorway as he started to leave the room , bruising his side . 
 a few days later , isaac had an array of pairs of glasses for john to try , handing him the pair he thought most likely to be effective . 
 if it seemed to help , he could organize a professional optometrist . 
 but john tried the pair of glasses , gave a yelp of pain , and clutched his head as the glasses fell to the floor . 
 he tried again with a different pair , but the stab of pain was fierce enough to bring tears to his eyes . 
 isaac quietly packed them away . 
 john looked at them sadly . 
 it would have been nice to have been able to read , or even just to see the films they put on for him sometimes . 
 he could see them better if someone watched with him , though he kept that to himself . 
 he did n't know why it was . 
 ****** chapter 3 : as the days and weeks passed , john was able to walk easier and further , though still relying on a cane to stop him staggering , always to the left . 
 he was beginning to know his surroundings , though he was never left alone , always with two male nurses close . 
 once he no longer spent hours sleeping every day , his meals were regularized , and his days settled into more of a routine . 
 john thought he was a patient , although he did n't understand why he should be getting so much attention . 
 he did n't like it very much , but knew no other life . 
 he could barely remember the other hospital any more . 
 it seemed lost in those days where blackness ruled , those days when he 'd been born , it seemed to him , though he knew that he was around twenty-four . 
 isaac said so . 
 he 'd been at the facility two months , and it was the end of may . 
 isaac said he was to have a brain scan . 
 john was cooperative until he saw that he was supposed to allow himself to be put deep into a place that pressed around him . 
 with panic in his voice , he refused to do it , only turning around and trying to leave , as isaac explained that he would not be hurt , that it was just an examination . 
 it was harmless , he could shut his eyes if he wanted . 
 it would only take about ten minutes , and would give his doctor valuable information . 
 john took a grip on himself . 
 but he could not go into that machine . 
 in a shaking voice , he explained to isaac that he was a damaged man , that he could not be put into that confined space , that he would not be able to be still . 
 isaac looked at him for long moments , and then nodded . 
 `` all right , we wo n't do it . '' 
 john sighed with relief , and did n't know that isaac had decided that they 'd just have to drug him . 
 lunchtime , he took a mouthful of his meal and put down his fork . 
 he was hungry , as he always was , still very thin , still needing more weight on . 
 he tried again , carefully , tasting . 
 he put down his fork and pushed away the plate . 
 they suspected he had some telepathic ability by now , and his nurses had not been told that his meal was to be drugged in case they gave some indication that something was unusual . 
 rockdale asked if there was something wrong . 
 john said that he was n't hungry and asked if he could go out instead . 
 rockdale shrugged , put down his paper , and he and price escorted john outside . 
 he could walk longer distances now , and headed toward the area of tall trees that started not far from the buildings . 
 isaac came to find him , having been quickly advised that the drugged meal was a failure . 
 rockdale and price were not close , just keeping an eye on him as he walked . 
 there were guards about also , in camouflage uniforms , but they 'd been told not to come close , and john had never asked about them . 
 the clothing he wore had been chosen by himself , from those he was offered . 
 he wore jeans , and a bright red shirt , that pleased him . 
 the color pleased his guards too , as he was so conspicuous . 
 all of the shirts he wore were bright , mostly red , sometimes a vivid yellow , and one a brilliant blue . 
 isaac came up with him as he leaned against a tall tree , looking up into the branches , not yet in full leaf . 
 he greeted his doctor , unsuspicious . 
 isaac asked why he did n't eat his lunch . 
 john still touched the tree . 
 it was so solid , alive , different from the feel of humans . 
 it was friendly and he wanted to climb it , but he knew he did n't yet have the strength . 
 but he kept his hand on the trunk . 
 isaac repeated his question . 
 john finally answered that he did n't like his meal . 
 isaac was looking at him assessingly . 
 he 'd made a lot of progress in the last month , and he wanted to see if there was any change in the brain scan . 
 john always spent hours outside , whenever his nurses would allow . 
 he had not , so far , openly revolted against the decrees of his nurses , though they were careful not to oppose him when he was determined . 
 he just might have unusual abilities , though magical shaving seemed harmless enough . 
 it was better if he continued to trust his regular nurses , so when he was lured back into the room with a promise of a replacement meal , it was a relief nurse that suddenly pressed in the syringe . 
 john gave a roar of fury , swung around , and neatly and fiercely , knocked him out . 
 again , he 'd surprised them . 
 john stared at the fallen man , and then , suspiciously , at price and rockdale . 
 he gently rubbed his arm , beginning to feel a treacherous sleepiness . 
 urgently , he went to the door . 
 he had to go out and hide . 
 they were going to do something to him . 
 rockdale tried to detain him , grabbing an arm , but john wheeled on him , fists balled . 
 instead of direct confrontation , they only followed him at a distance as he walked as fast as he could , straight across the parkland , further than he 'd been before . 
 he did n't see the fence , but walked straight into it and staggered back . 
 he put out a hand , feeling the wire , and raising his head . 
 it was almost invisible to him . 
 blackness was closing in on him , and he went down quite quickly once he discovered he could n't easily escape . 
 colonel bedville was already watching film of the half-blind , sick man , as he displayed a lightning speed and ferocity in response to the shock of an injection . 
 there would soon be more for him to think about . 
 john revived halfway through the brain scan , panicked at finding himself in the enclosed space , and became uncontrollable . 
 they fought him to a halt , but the scanner would cost tens of thousands of dollars to repair , and two guards and a visiting radiographer were out of action for a few days . 
 john was collapsed in exhaustion . 
 worse , he no longer had any trust in his nurses or in his doctor . 
 he seldom spoke and he refused even to step on the scales for isaac when he wanted to weigh him . 
 about the only thing he would say was that he was better now and wanted to leave . 
 they told him he was still too sick , and when he accused them of keeping him a prisoner , said again that it was just a research hospital . 
 that he was just a patient . 
 john behaved himself for a few days , eating all he was given , and walking as best he could when they took him outside . 
 it did n't take him long to get back to his previous level of fitness , and then to improve a bit more . 
 a week after the brain scan incident , he started walking around the perimeter fence . 
 it was a tall fence , and suddenly the image was clear in his head - about twelve feet high , and with barbed wire shiny , all along the top . 
 an ordinary research hospital ? 
 there was a cleared area which extended inwards for about twenty feet , outwards for a lot further . 
 no trees , grass mown . 
 there were people watching . 
 he peered , squinting , unable to see the soldiers . 
 then he started walking again . 
 the colonel had been alerted and was watching the images from the cameras . 
 there was no part of the fence not being filmed . 
 john touched the fence now and again as he walked . 
 he was beginning to tire , but he did n't stop until he came across the gate , and watched as a car approached , a guard checked identification , and the tall and solid gate was opened for it . 
 the image abruptly blurred . 
 it had been quite clear for a moment . 
 the guards were much closer than usual , and were alternately watching john and watching the gate , ready to act if needed . 
 they knew the subject could not be allowed to leave , although they did n't know why . 
 they knew their duty , however , and would follow orders . 
 but john only crossed the road and continued following the fence . 
 he was staggering now . 
 he was still very thin , and he depended on his cane to keep his balance . 
 he stopped when he reached the place where he 'd started . 
 there had been just the one gate . 
 he felt the wire again . 
 he thought he could climb it , but only if he was barefoot . 
 but not today . 
 today , he stumbled tiredly to the foot of his favorite tree , curled up on the ground , and slept . 
 three guards were not far away and his nurses were close . 
 but isaac said just to leave him . 
 two hours later , he woke and sat up . 
 and when he was pointed to a path off to the side , where a wheelchair waited , he did n't argue , but went where they pointed . 
 they wheeled him back . 
 he wondered when he 'd be strong . 
 or would he be strong ? 
 he could n't remember ever being strong . 
 he would n't ask isaac . 
 isaac could n't be trusted . 
 three days later , he made the test . 
 he needed to know if he was really a prisoner , so he ignored the shouts , knocked down the soldier who grabbed at him , and continued out the gate which had just been opened for a car , striding fast , although still holding his cane . 
 he was actually out the gate when the stun gun was held to his ribs , and the trigger pulled very briefly . 
 it should have immobilized him only momentarily , enough for him to be overpowered . 
 instead , he fell instantly into a violent fit . 
 he was sick then for three weeks , fitting repeatedly to begin with , but then that terrible head pain came back . 
 after the first few times , isaac gave orders that when he went down to the pain , he was just to be left to lie . 
 when he was interfered with , no matter how benign the intention , he was apt to start fitting again , and fits can do damage . 
 john doe was already very badly damaged . 
 the last week , he was back in a coma . 
 isaac finally got his brain scan . 
 this time , john was under full anesthesia in spite of his apparently comatose state . 
 it turned out to be a pointless test , no change from the very first time it was done when he was picked up from the gutter six months before . 
 distinctly abnormal , but not in a way they understood . 
 maybe he was a mutation . 
 they had to use the nasogastric tube again , but this time they kept a continuous monitoring of brain waves , and isaac had a good idea when he started to emerge from deep unconsciousness . 
 this time , the tube was already removed when he opened his eyes and felt his face . 
 he had a beard now , as he 'd been three months without a shave . 
 but to their disappointment , he only asked for a razor , as he 'd done repeatedly before . 
 oddly , now he knew for sure that he was a prisoner , he treated his nurses with less suspicion . 
 it seemed he liked to know where he was . 
 some of the guards were beginning to know him by sight now , and were pleased when he was seen outside again , although in a wheelchair , and again very pale and thin . 
 they 'd been told the barest minimum , and were very curious . 
 rockdale was pushing his wheelchair , and isaac walked alongside . 
 but now isaac introduced him to three soldiers . 
 he gave him their christian names , zack , rudy , and bob . 
 without any further attempt at pretence , isaac said , `` these are your guards . 
 there are others . 
 whenever you 're outside your room , at least two of them will be close and will ensure that you do not escape . 
 sergeant major zack willis is in charge of you , and if you have any unusual requests , you should ask zack . '' 
 john , perfectly politely , shook the hands of the three soldiers , feeling their presence , but wishing they 'd wear something he could see better . 
 they were clear enough sometimes , but then they faded into the background again . 
 he glanced at his own shirt , the bright red-orange that had pleased him so greatly when it was laid out for him . 
 he realized now what a disadvantage that conspicuous color could be . 
 that day , and for the next few days , he did little except try and regain his strength . 
 he was eating well again , but refused to step onto the scales so that isaac could measure his weight . 
 he would n't answer any questions either , saying that he did n't believe in cooperating too much with his jailers . 
 they did n't try and force him . 
 they treated him with a great deal of care . 
 they wanted to find out as much as possible about him , about what he was , and they knew for sure that he had an unusual power . 
 maybe he could be very dangerous . 
 whenever they doubted , they had only to look at that film again . 
 they did n't know why he had n't done it since , as it was obvious he hated his ugly beard . 
 it was thin and patchy still , bedraggled looking , even after three months . 
 whatever else he might be good at , it was not growing beards . 
 the other thing was his possible telepathy . 
 he seemed to know exactly when people were close , though his eyesight was so poor . 
 and he 'd known there was something wrong with his meal that time . 
 isaac was blaming his patient 's erratic eyesight on the head injury , as he blamed the frequent stagger , always to the left , and the attacks of trembling . 
 the amnesia , too , of course . 
 in consultation with colonel bedville , they decided to allow him as much freedom as possible . 
 they would learn more about him than if he were kept closely confined . 
 it was deemed absolutely essential that he not be allowed to escape . 
 he was an unknown quantity , and potentially dangerous . 
 so now there was a second perimeter fence nearing completion , just as high , and topped with barbed wire . 
 there was an electrified fence after that , and another lower fence , just to keep possible trespassers from electrocuting themselves . 
 the guards , with their german shepherds , patrolled between the two high fences . 
 there was no ambiguity . 
 the subject was not expected to be strong enough for a serious escape attempt for a while , but once he was , he was to be killed rather than be allowed past the perimeter of the compound . 
 ****** chapter 4 : john was walking again , although still with a cane . 
 zack walked with him , rudy and bob close by , while his nurses had some time off . 
 he was always escorted by guards now , rather than nurses , even though the male nurses were soldiers too . 
 all of his personal guards had been mps , most of them with the rank of sergeant , and none of them , they thought , likely to be defeated if the subject tried to fight . 
 but john took his escort of large men for granted , and had a knowledge somewhere within him that they could be friends . 
 zack walked on his left , where he could steady him when he staggered . 
 john was walking alongside the administration building , studying it . 
 sometimes it was clear , and sometimes it was a featureless blur . 
 he came to the imposing main entrance and turned to look at it . 
 `` that 's staff only , '' said zack . 
 lots of places were staff only . 
 it annoyed john . 
 `` who 's the boss here ? '' 
 he abruptly asked of zack . 
 `` well , i am , '' said zack , misunderstanding . 
 `` you have to do what i say . '' 
 he sometimes thought that john did n't quite understand that . 
 but john said , `` i mean the overall boss - who 's in charge ? '' 
 `` colonel mark bedville is in charge , '' zack calmly replied . 
 `` i 'm going to see him , '' announced john , and started toward the steps . 
 `` john , wait , '' said zack . 
 john ignored him . 
 `` you ca n't go in there , '' said zack . 
 he was reluctant to physically intervene , as john was still so thin and weak , and he did n't want him fighting . 
 he put his hand on his arm , gently restraining . 
 john said firmly , `` a prisoner has a right to know why he 's a prisoner . 
 i 'm going to see the boss . '' 
 zack hesitated , now holding tighter to his determined charge . 
 `` we 'll ask , '' he said , and he guided john toward another man whom john suddenly saw because zack was looking at him . 
 zack saluted and put the request . 
 the lieutenant looked curiously at the subject , who glanced at him , then looked back at the large building , cocking his head slightly and extending his senses . 
 many people were in there . 
 but he wanted to see the boss . 
 within five minutes , they had their answer . 
 the colonel would see john in half an hour . 
 john sat down on the steps and waited . 
 he had nothing better to do right now . 
 there were already cameras in most of the corridors of the building , just in case they were needed . 
 now they were activated , set into play by a technician who hurried through the enclosed corridor that connected from the even larger building that housed ward 3 . 
 three cameras were rigged to cover the colonel 's large office . 
 the message came back as soon as everything was prepared . 
 it had only taken twenty minutes . 
 john stumbled as he rose , misjudging the steps . 
 zack grabbed his arm and was calmly thanked . 
 zack grinned to himself . 
 john did n't treat him as if he was an enemy , but as if he was an equal , taking it entirely for granted when he was helped . 
 colonel mark bedville was fifty . 
 he was a tall , rangy man , with a searching expression . 
 his hair was sparse , but carefully groomed , his uniform immaculate . 
 john 's casual attire , his apparent youth , his long hair held back in a ponytail , and , above all , his scruffy beard and half starved appearance , did not appear to measure up . 
 but he nodded when the colonel introduced himself , and said , `` hello , mark . '' 
 the colonel blinked . 
 so did john 's three guards , ranged at his back . 
 no-one called colonel bedville ` mark , ' except , presumably , his wife . 
 but mark greeted john amiably , and invited him to sit down . 
 there was a knock at the door , and a young soldier brought in coffee and a tray with plates of sandwiches and cakes . 
 john smiled at the young man , who was looking acutely anxious . 
 but john invariably liked anyone who brought him food , and it appeared that the colonel had a sweet tooth . 
 the colonel spoke about the hot summer weather , and asked john what the climate was like in his part of the country . 
 john looked surprised , and said that he had no part of the country . 
 mark smiled at him pleasantly . 
 `` what 's your real name ? '' 
 john looked away . 
 he knew now that john doe was just a convenient name for an unknown hospital patient . 
 zack was suddenly acutely sorry for him . 
 he was sick , he 'd lost his past , and he was a prisoner . 
 but john only took another sandwich , rose and leaned against the wall , and coolly looked at the middle-aged man in front of him . 
 `` i want to know why i 'm a prisoner , '' he stated . 
 `` i have a right to know . '' 
 mark looked at him assessingly . 
 `` very well , i 'll show you . '' 
 he had it ready , that piece of film that he 'd watched many times . 
 and now he watched it again , as did zack and rudy behind him . 
 bob was close to the colonel , and to him , it was not in view . 
 but john saw , and saw clearly . 
 he frowned and looked closer . 
 `` run it again , '' he said , his tone one of casual command . 
 mark was surprised at the tone , but ran it again , and a third time . 
 john finally turned back to mark , and spoke in a tone of polite incredulity , `` and this is why i 'm a prisoner , someone 's idea of an april fool 's day joke ? '' 
 mark gaped and checked the date . 
 it had been filmed on the first of april . 
 could it have been an april fool 's day joke ? 
 but he remembered , there were witnesses , four at the public hospital , and two in the room with him at the time , plus observers behind the see-through wall . 
 also film from other cameras , though they did n't show it as well . 
 he regained his composure , and now spoke in a tone of authority . 
 `` you have shown a power that we do not understand . 
 this is why you will never be released . '' 
 john 's expression did n't change , but his voice quivered slightly , `` i will never be released ? '' 
 the colonel spoke gravely . 
 `` you can not be released . 
 we do n't understand what happened . 
 you will never be allowed back into the community when you have an ability that could be dangerous . '' 
 john felt his total conviction . 
 the man meant what he said . 
 there was a long silence . 
 john still leaned against the wall . 
 his face was cold , expressionless . 
 at last he spoke . 
 `` this place , surely it 's not just for me ! '' 
 mark nodded and half smiled , `` just for you . '' 
 `` it must be incredibly expensive . 
 what happens if there 's a budget cut and the place is closed down ? 
 would i be released then ? '' 
 the colonel 's voice left no room for doubt . 
 `` you will never be released . '' 
 john nodded . 
 `` thank you for telling me . '' 
 he turned his back and left . 
 zack said nothing as he headed back toward his room . 
 his nurses greeted him . 
 john regarded them and said that he was no longer sick , did not need nurses , and that they should leave him alone for a while . 
 zack nodded . 
 `` leave him alone for a while . '' 
 he would n't really be alone , they 'd be watching from the next room . 
 they watched for a long half hour as john sat in a chair , head lowered , and was still . 
 he would never be released . 
 he looked up , straight at isaac , who was watching behind the wall . 
 isaac knew the situation . 
 mark was there too , standing at the back of the room . 
 john rose . 
 he hated that wall . 
 he knew there were people there , watching , watching , all the time . 
 there was an iv stand in the room , which still looked exactly like a hospital room . 
 john picked it up , went to where an observer peered at him from too close , and suddenly crashed the weapon into the wall , making the watcher jump back with a startled cry . 
 john smiled . 
 then , methodically , he started hitting the wall , working along the walls , searching for weaknesses . 
 but the wall was bulletproof , and no iv stand was going to break it , no matter with what determination it was wielded . 
 he turned to the rest of the room . 
 `` stop him ? '' 
 one of the soldiers asked the colonel . 
 colonel bedville shook his head . 
 `` let him alone . '' 
 and they only watched as john methodically destroyed everything in that room that could be destroyed . 
 he turned his attention to the adjoining bathroom , shattering the mirror , but managing only to crack the toughened glass of the shower cubicle . 
 he returned to the main room , peered suddenly at where a camera was , and hit it , precisely , with his fist . 
 the man who 'd been watching the film as it happened , flinched and recoiled . 
 john was swaying with fatigue , but tried the external door , surprised to find it not locked . 
 he was reeling and staggering as he left the room , depending heavily on his cane . 
 his three guards merely followed at a distance . 
 john went to his favorite tree , looked up at the branches where he wanted to be , but instead sat below it and stared into the distance . 
 there was no place private enough even to cry . 
 zack , rudy , and bob kept an eye on him , but left him alone to brood . 
 zack felt the vibration of the zoster communicator , like a mobile phone but more secure , that he carried in his chest pocket , and spoke to isaac . 
 john was to be left alone , but preferably taken for lunch when he was ready . 
 repairs were being undertaken in his room , and he was to be taken to the staff dining room as a temporary measure . 
 isaac did n't really want him missing meals , but thought he might well be too upset to eat . 
 but john was only staring into the distance , not fully realizing himself how close he was to collapse . 
 he did n't have the strength for tantrums , and after a while , he lay down and slept until zack gently shook him , asking if he wanted lunch . 
 john looked at him blearily before pulling himself to his feet , zack 's steadying hand under his elbow . 
 there was another large building , staff only again , where the soldiers ate , where most of them slept , and where there were some recreation facilities provided . 
 isaac had a secondary office there , where he saw any of the staff who needed medical attention . 
 john was not his only duty , though it was the primary one . 
 more facilities were being organized , as security could be compromised if staff had ties outside the base . 
 another building was going up , more accommodation for soldiers . 
 there had been some changes over the last month , and now there were hardly any who were married except some of the officers and a few of the specialists . 
 the few soldiers having a late lunch stared at the subject curiously as john came in accompanied by three guards . 
 he was of only average height , very thin , and zack was helping him again as he swayed unsteadily . 
 it was a cafeteria arrangement , and he smiled at the pretty woman who doled out an excellent meal . 
 `` i thought i might be on bread and water , '' he commented to zack and bob who were eating with him , though rudy had taken position near the door . 
 `` i would n't go making a habit of destroying things , '' zack said , `` but i 've heard no plans to punish at this stage . '' 
 john shrugged . 
 he was a lab rat , he supposed , and people did n't punish lab rats , they only noted down their interesting behaviors . 
 when he finished his meal , he said to zack , `` isaac said to ask you if i had requests . 
 i would like a proper bedroom please , where no-one watches and where there 's no cameras , and i 'd like a window . '' 
 zack had n't known that he knew about the cameras that surrounded him , but only said that he 'd speak to the colonel . 
 he thought it a perfectly reasonable request . 
 he 'd go mad himself , he thought , if he found himself under constant surveillance . 
 he was looking forward to seeing the film of john destroying ` ward 3 . ' 
 isaac came in and joined them at the table . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 he asked john . 
 john said calmly as he stood , `` maybe i 'd best just have another dessert . '' 
 he introduced himself to the woman that time , and smiled at her beguilingly , `` please , sylvia , '' and she went to the trouble of getting him another dessert , although all the food had been put away . 
 isaac watched approvingly . 
 the man was too thin . 
 there was a new feature in ward 3 now , john 's weight would be automatically monitored every day , as he walked through the door . 
 two weeks later , john was told that he 'd be put back into ward 3 if he became sick again , but they showed him to a small suite of rooms , sitting room , bedroom and bathroom . 
 there was only one entrance from the corridor , which opened to the sitting room . 
 no-one watched the action on camera as it happened , as isaac suspected that he could sense the presence of the cameras when they did that . 
 but he knew his half blind patient would be unlikely to see the tiny lenses of cameras that peered at him from a dozen different angles . 
 john was delighted with his quarters , and showed his pleasure . 
 the sitting room was spacious and comfortably furnished . 
 it had a collection of music , and a player , and equipment to show films , a selected assortment arranged ready for his use . 
 he went to look out of the window , suddenly seeing clearly as zack joined him . 
 there was a large tree , and a garden bed being worked on by a gardener . 
 he may have been a prisoner for life , but he was to be very well treated , it seemed . 
 `` the windows are barred , and of toughened glass besides , '' said zack , in a matter-of-fact tone . 
 `` you 'll be locked in every night , but you 'll be alone . 
 if you need something , the buzzer is next to the door . '' 
 john looked , went across to the door , but did n't find the clearly marked buzzer until zack touched it , and he put his hand to it , too . 
 zack continued . 
 `` breakfast will be brought to you at seven in the morning , and you 'll be released at eight unless we need you for anything . 
 other meals will be at noon , and at seven . 
 there are coffee making facilities in the sitting room , as well as packets of biscuits , etcetera , and you can come and go freely during the day provided that you behave . 
 colonel bedville asks especially that you cooperate with your doctor when he does his tests . '' 
 john looked around him with satisfaction , and smiled at zack . 
 `` this is much better . 
 thank you . '' 
 zack smiled back . 
 it appeared that the subject was reconciled to being a prisoner , and after all , it was an easy and comfortable life . 
 but still , business like , he explained the procedure when someone was coming into his room , a place near the far wall where he should stand and wait . 
 `` they can check from the corridor , of course , '' said zack , still in a businesslike tone , as if it was perfectly normal that a sick and half blind man should be treated as a potentially dangerous prisoner . 
 zack said , `` by the way , there 's an electric shaver in the bathroom . '' 
 john gave a smile of delight , `` a shaver ? '' 
 but he was puzzled when it was pointed out . 
 it seemed he was unfamiliar with electric shavers , and even when zack demonstrated , he shaved awkwardly , feeling his face , unable to see well enough in the mirror . 
 but afterwards , he was cleanshaven finally , and only had a few very small whiskery patches left . 
 and his eyes were merry when he turned back to zack , who still waited in the room , though the others were now just outside his door . 
 `` much better ! '' 
 he declared happily , and zack clapped him on the shoulder . 
 the light in john 's bedroom was remotely operated , and he was never in darkness , the light at night only lowered somewhat , though there was a switch to make it brighter again if he wanted . 
 in all his remembered life , he had never slept in darkness . 
 he never queried his lack of choice . 
 john was n't a fool . 
 he could be friends with his guards , but they were his jailers , and they knew their duty . 
 zack and the rest carried stunners , batons and even handguns . 
 and if necessary , they would not have the slightest hesitation in using them . 
 they were professional soldiers . 
 but until they were in conflict , they could be friends . 
 ****** chapter 5 : over the next weeks , john walked further , exploring the grounds within the compound . 
 it was mostly quite pleasant parkland featuring garden beds , many still choked with weeds , an avenue of overgrown climbing roses sprawled over a trellis , and trees , big trees , growing in clumps and avenues , with heavy branches intermingling with that of their immediate neighbors . 
 always , there was a chorus of bird calls . 
 for the guards , it was a more pleasant job than they 'd expected . 
 their subject seemed cheerful and they were forgetting that he was not a normal human , but something else , possibly something dangerous . 
 the colonel watched some film with isaac one day , an edited collection that showed john 's introduction to the new bedroom , and clips of him relating to his guards and to isaac . 
 john still refused to cooperate in any tests when requested , but it was in a perfectly good humored fashion . 
 they had n't attempted to force anything on him . 
 he said , `` i 'm surprised he 's settled down so well . 
 the way he knocked out will and destroyed ward 3 did n't leave me optimistic . '' 
 isaac said , `` you forget . 
 he has total amnesia which appears to be permanent . 
 he does n't know any other home , and as long as we treat him well , i expect he 'll remain perfectly contented . '' 
 `` he seems to be getting a lot stronger . '' 
 isaac nodded . 
 `` weight 's improving all the time , and he 's walking further and faster each day . 
 the stagger that he used to show is gone , although he still has trembling attacks , maybe related to the fitting he 's prone to . '' 
 mark said with satisfaction , `` we 're learning things about him , too . 
 the strategy of allowing him a reasonable degree of freedom is a good one . '' 
 `` i wish i could get him to do an iq test , and maybe a personality test . 
 it 's clear he 's unusual . '' 
 mark looked at him , thinking that they might be able to try a little trickery . 
 there were demands for quicker results in certain quarters , and mark had watched enough film of the subject that he felt a certain fondness for him . 
 if colonel forster was put in charge of him , for instance , john could be treated very differently . 
 it may have been a relatively pleasant captivity , but john wanted his freedom . 
 he was too well guarded , the fences were too high , even the entry drive now had two guarded gates , only one of which was ever opened at a time . 
 every day he walked the perimeter , which was now beginning to show a track , as it was a favorite walk of off duty soldiers , as well . 
 he made friends with the dogs first , but soon knew most of the perimeter guards by name . 
 the only conceivable escape would be by taking a hostage , but john recoiled at the idea . 
 in any case , rick had happened to mention that they had orders to sacrifice any hostage up to and including a general , rather than allow his escape . 
 he 'd found some privacy now , in the treetops . 
 he could see well in the trees , as it seemed they helped him . 
 even without touching , he could feel within himself where the branches were . 
 he was quick and nimble , a lot more so than his guards realized . 
 they always just stayed around at the foot of the tree that he climbed , knowing he was there from the flash of bright color high above . 
 but john habitually took his shirt off , left it in his favorite tree , and then leapt to the next tree , and then another and another , ending up a considerable distance from his guards . 
 he spent hours just watching the gate , waiting for the times when his vision would clear , tolerating the times when he could barely see . 
 he thought nothing of his eccentric vision . 
 it was just the way he 'd always been able to see . 
 but security was complete . 
 how on earth could he escape ? 
 just one man , and there were scores of guards . 
 and they were not careless or incompetent guards . 
 from a high perch in a tree , he 'd watched them at physical training , he 'd watched them when they ran obstacle courses , and he 'd watched them at rifle practice , which made him shudder somewhat , but he had to know . 
 the birds of the trees liked him , and he liked to talk to them . 
 it was autumn , and they were no longer nesting . 
 but john never called them from the sky when people watched . 
 he never saw other people talking to birds , and had become very secretive about anything which he thought might be unusual , though he still was sure that the film of the so-called ` shave ' some weird joke . 
 they said he had more privileges because he was being well behaved . 
 but john studied isaac as he told him that he could use some of the soldiers ' facilities whenever his personal guards permitted , the gymnasium , and the swimming pool as soon as it was complete . 
 it was more of the same , a way of isaac and mark measuring his fitness and looking for evidence of unusual powers . 
 there were still cameras everywhere . 
 but john was sincerely pleased . 
 isaac thought he was still too thin , but john thought he was strong , not knowing how far he was from normal fitness . 
 every day then , he added a stint in the gymnasium , his efforts always noted by isaac . 
 and when the indoor pool was finished , he started swimming every day , too . 
 he knew a lot of the soldiers now , especially those who shared his tastes in exercise . 
 they knew him as a personality , not just as the subject . 
 except for breakfast , he ate in the staff dining room , and his personal guards only watched from a distance as he joined those he knew , and laughed and joked with them , although there had been some natural awkwardness at the beginning . 
 it was the soldiers ' talk that alerted him to a deprivation he had n't even noticed . 
 he was never allowed to watch tv or hear the radio . 
 isaac thought talk of current events might disturb him . 
 he had films to watch , and now sometimes invited a guard or one of the nurses to join him . 
 only if someone watched with him could he really see what was happening , and he needed to know there was an outside world . 
 one sunday , rudy suggested that he should attend the weekly church service that was always held for the soldiers . 
 john agreed , mostly on the basis that it was a good idea to seem settled . 
 but he was soon yawning , fidgeted like a child , and left with relief . 
 the trees lost their last leaves , and john could no longer hide from his guards . 
 he gave up swinging himself through the trees , as he wanted to preserve that ability for use next summer . 
 the thought that he would still be there next summer made him very restless . 
 there was one of the perimeter guards whom he 'd talk to every morning , as he made his customary circuit of the compound . 
 the officers had been told to encourage this sort of interaction , and the soldiers were expected to report on the conversation , especially if anything interesting was said . 
 the way the trained attack dogs fawned on the subject was another piece of evidence that he was something different . 
 john liked alec , and alec was lured into talking about his family , and about the everyday doings of the small town he 'd grown up in . 
 john could n't get enough , and listened avidly as alec talked , john on his side of the high barbed wire topped fence , and alec on his , butch usually curled up next to the fence , as close to john as he could get . 
 the weather was getting colder , and although the large outdoor swimming pool was now finished , no-one ventured in . 
 the heated indoor pool was popular , though . 
 there began to be talk of christmas plans , and john became more and more restless , no longer able to totally hide his discontent from those who watched . 
 he 'd come to realize that he did , after all , have cameras watching in his room , though he did n't know from where they looked . 
 so when his eyes followed the women who worked in the cafeteria , or the few female soldiers , he turned away again . 
 he had no privacy to be with a woman , and he thought that if he came too close , just to talk , it would hurt only more . 
 the soldiers had an undemanding job . 
 there was only one man to guard , and he was easy to get on with , never threatened anyone , and seemed content to be just where he was . 
 security was relaxed , though still efficient . 
 john 's personal guards were satisfied to know where he was , and did n't stay very close except when he wanted company . 
 there were usually only one or two now . 
 a female worker wanted to show her new baby to her workmates in the cafeteria , though it was not strictly allowed . 
 john was at lunch , chatting to kyle and edward , with whom he 'd been swimming . 
 he looked up . 
 sheila had been heavily pregnant when she left , and now she had a tiny baby in her arms . 
 she was surrounded by cooing workmates , and even some of the soldiers had gone to have a look . 
 irresistibly attracted , john rose from the table , took a few steps , and held out his hands , a plea on his face . 
 sheila hesitated , but then put her baby in his arms . 
 john held the tiny girl with an obvious familiarity , and caressed the soft cheek . 
 he had tears in his eyes . 
 no-one was very worried that he could be dangerous to either sheila or her baby , his fighting ability having been almost forgotten . 
 quite suddenly , he handed back the baby , turned and walked out , striding . 
 his guards were caught inattentive , one having gone to the toilet . 
 john had a long lead . 
 he could n't leave , of course . 
 there was no alarm , no risk of an escape , the personal guards more to make sure that john did n't hurt himself or anybody else than to prevent escape . 
 by the time he came to the fence , he 'd shed his shoes and socks . 
 he scrambled over the first fence , ignoring the deep wounds from the barbed wire , crossed the intervening strip , only briefly patting butch as he passed , and was up and over the second fence , ruthless with himself as more deep scratches hurt him . 
 alec ran toward him , shouting , too late to use the stun gun . 
 the orders came just in time , and the electrified fence was no longer lethal when john scrambled over it . 
 he was at the last barrier . 
 alec called again , and then sent a stream of bullets across his legs . 
 john jerked , and his legs dangled uselessly , and still he pulled himself up over the fence and dropped down the other side . 
 he tried to get up and walk , but his wounded legs would not support him . 
 fallen , he still stretched a hand in the direction he longed to go . 
 alec let himself and butch out , and ran to his friend whom he 'd had to shoot . 
 butch was already there , as john turned himself over onto his back . 
 the pain hit , and john clutched a handful of the dog 's thick ruff and buried his face against the strong warm body until it eased . 
 butch whimpered , and licked his face . 
 john took a deep breath , and when alec knelt beside him , distressed , he smiled slightly at him and apologized for putting him in that position . 
 but then he closed his eyes and just waited . 
 there was so much blood - from his legs , and from cuts all over his body . 
 barbed wire was sharp . 
 it was his own fault . 
 he 'd lost control just because he held a baby . 
 but the memory of the tiny face sent a pain through him just as sharp as that of the bullet holes in his legs . 
 they let butch go with him when they took him back to ward 3 . 
 touching the dog seemed to help him cope with the pain . 
 he refused any injection , only saying to isaac , perfectly calmly , that he was terrified of injections , and would fight if they persisted . 
 isaac nodded . 
 silly , silly man , how could he have been such an arrant fool ? 
 he had the story now , that holding a baby had so upset him that he 'd made the doomed escape attempt . 
 isaac thought it might instead have been a suicide attempt . 
 it was obvious that his apparent contentment had been either a sham , or short-lived . 
 whether he was frightened of drugs or not , he had to be anaesthetized when the bullet wounds were repaired . 
 but he was weak from loss of blood as well as pain and shock , and when zack and bob held him down , the initial injection was made quite easily , to isaac 's relief . 
 the wounds were not as bad as they first looked , one bullet had shattered his right tibia , but the fibula was still intact . 
 his left leg had taken two bullets , but both had gone straight through , one just barely grazing the tibia . 
 the soft tissue , however , was a mess . 
 it was n't isaac 's area of expertise , and a surgeon was brought in . 
 the repair work was done within the facility , a small , but well equipped operating theatre and x-ray department housed within the same block that included ward 3 and john 's living quarters . 
 when he woke again , much later that night , john turned his head slowly to look through that horrible wall . 
 the man who observed turned his eyes away . 
 it made him nervous when the subject met his eyes , when it was not supposed to be possible . 
 the iv stand looked a little bent , but a plastic bottle of blood dripped down through the narrow tube . 
 comprehension dawned , and the needle was yanked out before the nurse could intervene . 
 isaac just shrugged . 
 it was no good persevering , john was a very stubborn man . 
 and anyway , it might teach him a lesson when he realized how slow his recovery would be if he did n't allow a blood transfusion . 
 it had long been established that his blood group was shared by at least a tenth of the population . 
 he was not unusual in that respect . 
 ****** chapter 6 : there were still nearly two months before christmas . 
 colonel bedville came to see john as he sat outside in a wheelchair a few days later , his right leg stretched out in front of him . 
 he looked a touch pale , but isaac said that he was making a fast recovery . 
 it was the first time that the colonel had come face to face with him since john had demanded an explanation of his captivity . 
 the patient looked a lot better now , beardless , and altogether healthier . 
 john greeted him calmly and instantly as mark . 
 this was another of those odd things about john . 
 various pieces of film made it clear how poor was his vision , especially film of those first nights and days when he was alone in his new quarters . 
 but this fact did n't seem compatible with the way he could recognize people . 
 mark pushed john 's wheelchair himself , saying he wanted to sit down with him and have a chat . 
 and when he stopped , it was next to an outdoor table setting . 
 it was new . 
 the gardens were beginning to show evidence of care and attention . 
 mark said little for a while . 
 the cool eyes of the subject surveyed him , and mark felt an un-familiar discomfort . 
 he finally spoke abruptly , `` what can we do to make you happy here ? 
 you ca n't leave , but you 're not a criminal , and i do n't want to punish . '' 
 john smiled . 
 `` what can you do to make me happy ? '' 
 and he leaned back in his chair , put his hands behind his head and his smile broadened . 
 `` i want a place that 's totally private that i can take a girl , if only i manage to convince one to come with me . '' 
 mark stared at him , and then broke into laughter . 
 this was the last thing he 'd expected . 
 john added , `` you could replace zack and the others with soldiers with names like mandy , or sue , or tracey ... . '' 
 mark shook his head , but smiling . 
 `` you 've just proven that personal guards are needed , and not for sex . '' 
 john shrugged , `` shame . '' 
 mark asked more seriously , `` do you have any complaints about your guards ? '' 
 john shook his head . 
 `` only that they 're there , but i presume that 's not negotiable . 
 otherwise , they 're good blokes . 
 i like them . '' 
 mark was thinking about alec roberts . 
 the boy had been very upset , hovering close as his dog sought to console the man he 'd shot . 
 his voice was serious as he said , `` private roberts said that you apologized to him , you said that you should not have put him in that position . '' 
 john was silent . 
 mark waited . 
 john glanced at him , and said , `` i 'm not some sort of a martian , in spite of what you may think . 
 i 'm only human , and something upset me . '' 
 `` the baby ? '' 
 john was looking away , his face sad . 
 `` have you thought that maybe somewhere i have a wife and a baby of my own ? 
 it 's possible . '' 
 mark spoke stiffly . 
 `` you ca n't miss what you do n't remember . '' 
 john said nothing . 
 he was homesick . 
 whether or not he remembered a home , he did n't even know whether he had a home , but he was homesick . 
 but why tell his jailers that ? 
 instead he turned a brilliant smile on the boss , and said , `` a horse would be nice , especially if i can ride further than the perimeter . 
 someone said that army land goes a lot further than the compound . '' 
 mark rose . 
 `` i doubt if that will be possible . '' 
 inexplicably , he wanted to apologize to the young man who was a prisoner , but reminded himself sternly of his duty . 
 john had to be kept very , very secure . 
 he may not have been a martian , but even without further evidence of an inexplicable power , he was quite obviously not an ordinary man . 
 two weeks after the shooting , john was trying to stand , complaining when it still hurt too much . 
 isaac was amused . 
 `` surely you do n't expect a shattered bone to heal in two weeks . 
 it was a very nasty wound . 
 amputation was considered , except that i remembered a report of very quick healing before when you were injured . '' 
 `` what injury was that ? '' 
 asked john , innocently . 
 but the injury had been from a rape , and isaac cursed himself for mentioning it . 
 in that particular instance the amnesia was a mercy . 
 he ignored the question . 
 `` it 's healing very well . 
 probably in another week you can get about on crutches , but do n't forget the other leg 's hurt as well . '' 
 john stretched his left leg . 
 `` it 's almost better . 
 i can hardly feel it . '' 
 isaac raised his eyebrows and asked to see it . 
 there was another report to make . 
 the subject healed miraculously quickly and obviously expected to , not apparently having any idea how long such an injury might be normally expected to take . 
 he 'd taken some deep cuts from the barbed wire , but they 'd scarcely shown any traces after just a few days . 
 john did n't treat his guards any differently , greeting alec as if nothing had happened when he saw him at dinner one evening . 
 alec had been given a commendation . 
 he still felt bad and john put some effort into making him smile . 
 colonel bedville put into place more security measures , although the money needed was allowed begrudgingly . 
 results were too slow in coming , was the word from above . 
 more tests should be done . 
 the subject should be kept under a much tighter discipline . 
 but colonel bedville felt that he had something very special in the person of john . 
 he had begun to develop a considerable respect for his subject . 
 he 'd allowed him to know the guards as friends , which might make them reluctant to stop him if needed , which could be a problem . 
 but there was the other side of it . 
 there was the power that he might have , that it seemed he might have forgotten how to use . 
 maybe he could be very dangerous indeed . 
 but he was human , and he would be reluctant to hurt the guards who were his friends . 
 even his concern for alec showed that . 
 a pair of secure high fences was started around the outer area of the army land , similar to those that surrounded the compound . 
 there was to be another electrified fence between , and the guards would patrol outside the two fences . 
 the rifles were sufficiently high powered that they could go straight through the wire , just as long as the guard did n't hit one of the steel uprights . 
 this time , they were not going to use dogs - it was pointless when all the dogs quite obviously doted on john . 
 including the compound , the fences would securely enclose nearly three thousand acres . 
 different soldiers would guard the outer fence , but their accommodation would be away from the compound , and they would not be allowed to meet the subject at all . 
 these ones would not hesitate to shoot if john succeeded in getting that far . 
 for the present , he was lame , and mark had ignored the hints that it might be better if he were always lame . 
 the man could barely see . 
 was n't that enough handicap for one person ? 
 ****** chapter 7 : john was bored , not able to walk , and not allowed to get his plastered leg wet so he could n't swim either . 
 he took to watching the soldiers at their regular pt and training sessions . 
 one lot went in the morning , and another lot in the early afternoon . 
 it seemed it was a routine part of what was expected of a soldier . 
 there was to be a general soon to inspect , their drill had to be perfect , and the sergeant loudly berated the soldiers drawn up in their orderly ranks . 
 john watched from his wheelchair . 
 even with his leg in plaster , there were always at least two guards again , and sergeant davies was irritated when john interestedly asked zack why the one in charge was being so rude to the others . 
 john met his glare with a bland look , and when zack answered with the statement that it was the custom , asked why . 
 the closest men could hear , and were battling not to giggle . 
 sergeant davies stalked across to zack and demanded that john be taken away as he was disturbing the men . 
 zack shrugged . 
 davies did n't outrank him , and he was finding john 's amusements a little entertaining himself . 
 john smiled at davies , and told him helpfully that he thought the man second from the end had his fly undone . 
 at this , there were a few chuckles , though when davies furiously wheeled on them , silent impassive faces concealed their amusement . 
 harassing the sergeant amused john , and there was nothing the sergeant could do to stop him . 
 but then the general made his visit . 
 john did n't meet the general , though he watched from his wheelchair as a private opened the car door , and the bent , grey-haired man disappeared into the administration building . 
 a younger man was with him , a colonel , bob told him . 
 the following morning , zack roused him very early , begged him to behave and took him to ward 3 . 
 `` you have to stay here for a while , '' zack said , and put a film on for him to watch . 
 john felt zack 's anxiety and did as he was told , not even showing his resentment when he knew he was being studied from behind the see-through wall . 
 the following day , he was back watching davies again , but this time , it was n't drill . 
 they were doing an obstacle course , and the men were racing , four at a time . 
 john was interested as the heats continued , pulling himself to his feet , hobbling to the fence to get closer , and holding onto it as he watched . 
 the men were shouting on their favorites by the time it was the finals , and so was john , to the amusement of davies as well as zack and bob . 
 davies and the men started to expect him , but it was weeks before davies suddenly realized that he was designing the training with a consideration to what might amuse john . 
 a recurrence of problems made an appearance , even while he was still using crutches . 
 several times in the next weeks , john collapsed , racked with that searing head pain . 
 they knew it was best not to disturb him when that happened , even when it lasted hours and he was quite obviously in agony . 
 once , though , it happened outside , as he was watching another pt session . 
 he tried to walk away when he felt the warning , hating to be seen by so many . 
 but he only ever had a few seconds warning before he went down . 
 oddly , sergeant davies , who complained so often about his presence , was most concerned , and it was davies who gently lifted him onto a stretcher , and took an end as he was carried back toward ward 3 , where they still took him whenever he was sick . 
 it was too cold to have left him outside , but when he was lifted onto his bed , he started fitting , to the acute concern of davies , still present . 
 isaac glanced at him . 
 `` it 's not the first time , '' he reassured . 
 `` he 's not a well man . '' 
 as usual , the collapse , whether he fitted or not , was followed by hours of unconsciousness , the eeg monitor showing readings akin to coma . 
 isaac wanted another brain scan , but he did n't want the scanner damaged again . 
 and anyway , it never seemed to show any real difference . 
 john was up and about the day after , but when zack asked him if he wanted to go and see the training , he first reddened , but then chuckled and looked at zack with a wry amusement on his face . 
 `` i 'm being ridiculous ! 
 i 'm embarrassed just because i collapse in front of everyone , and yet there 's not a minute of the day when i 'm not being watched or filmed or both . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i might as well face them . '' 
 davies was feeling bleak that day , and was punishing the men with blistering attacks on their physical fitness , ordering star jumps , and having them continue until most were at the point of collapse , and then straightaway starting them on pushups . 
 a mocking voice said , `` being a bit harsh on them , are n't you , rod ? '' 
 davies spun around , a grin spreading all over his face . 
 `` interfering again ? '' 
 john nodded , laughing . 
 `` i reckon you should make up for the lousy weather by giving them an early mark ! '' 
 but davies was n't having this , and only started the men on short runs , quick stops , and back again . 
 he was disappointed , though , when he looked around again and john was gone . 
 john was in the gymnasium . 
 there did n't seem much he could do with one bad leg , and one not so good , but there were a few things , and he needed to be strong , too . 
 he was n't staying here forever ! 
 ****** chapter 8 : in was n't even the middle of december when the plaster on john 's right leg was removed and it was x-rayed . 
 isaac was stunned . 
 the healing was almost complete , though a nasty scar would be left . 
 the plaster could be left off . 
 the left leg was apparently totally healed except for the inevitable scarring . 
 john said with relief that it was about time . 
 two days later , john was frightened . 
 something was wrong . 
 he had a nightmare and woke screaming , fighting the bedclothes and finally falling to the floor . 
 he was locked in , of course , and could only pace back and forth across the room until his leg became too painful and he had to sit . 
 it was nearly dawn before he slept again . 
 but everything seemed normal in the morning , and he went about his usual activities , except that he was unable to walk far , having done too much in the night . 
 he was nervous though , jumping violently when rudy spoke to him unexpectedly . 
 for a change , he had n't noticed him come close . 
 `` i wish you 'd wear a solid color , '' he said pettishly . 
 `` i ca n't see you in that . '' 
 `` what , even standing here ? '' 
 said rudy , very surprised . 
 `` i do n't see well , surely you know that ! '' 
 he spoke irritably , and rudy wondered what was wrong . 
 but john did n't know what was wrong . 
 early in the afternoon , rudy 's zoster vibrated in his pocket . 
 `` we have to take you to ward 3 , '' he told john . 
 they were outside , and john looked at him , suddenly terrified , and put a hand to the trunk of a tree as if for strength . 
 bob and lance were also there . 
 `` we 'd best go . '' 
 john did n't move . 
 his eyes were wide , and his guards could see his fright . 
 bob spoke , puzzled . 
 `` there 's no reason to think there 's anything wrong . 
 it 's probably just another official or some such thing . '' 
 john looked into the distance and spoke softly . 
 `` when a lab rat is no longer useful , they kill it and do a dissection . 
 they call it to ` sacrifice ' the animal . '' 
 there was a brief silence before bob told him roughly not to be so silly . 
 john did n't move and rudy said soothingly . 
 `` i 'll ask what it is . '' 
 the sound from his zoster was not loud , and john watched as rudy queried , and explained that john was frightened . 
 john shook his head . 
 he might be frightened , but he would not be able to stop them , no matter what they wanted to do . 
 he was not so frightened of dying , but the idea that his body would be dissected for ` scientific research ' filled him with a feeling of loathing and despair . 
 but he took a deep breath , assumed a cool expression , stood straight and started walking . 
 his guards were relieved . 
 the three of them could overpower him , of course . 
 in fact , any one of them should be able to , and without using any weapons . 
 but they far preferred not to come into open conflict with him . 
 isaac and mark waited for him in ward 3 . 
 mark gave a casual reply to the usual respectful salutes of the guards , and said that one should stay , the others wait outside . 
 isaac said reassuringly to john that there was nothing to worry about , and half laughed as he told him that he was certainly not a lab rat that was about to be ` sacrificed . ' 
 john still wore his expressionless mask , and only leaned against the wall and waited . 
 isaac glanced at mark , and said , `` we 're your friends , you can trust us . '' 
 but perfectly coolly , john replied , `` you are not my friends , you are my jailers . '' 
 mark said rather stiffly that he was no longer a jailer , as he was leaving , and colonel forster would be taking his place . 
 john said politely that it had been nice to know him , but he began trembling , even as he still wore his impassive pose . 
 mark looked at him a moment , and then abruptly turned and left , not staying to watch , but going to his office to pack his personal possessions . 
 colonel forster was in the observation room , and had noted the limp . 
 john was a bit pale , too , from a collapse the previous day , though it had n't lasted long . 
 and now he was trembling . 
 forster smiled to himself . 
 he certainly was n't fearsome . 
 forster planned to get a lot more results , a lot faster than bedville . 
 he entered the room , lance opening the door for him , before resuming his position outside with bob . 
 rudy , isaac and john waited . 
 colonel forster strode in , addressing john . 
 `` things will be changing , '' he said . 
 `` you 've been coddled . 
 you 've had it soft . 
 from now on , if you do not cooperate fully when tests are made , you will be punished . 
 for a start , you are about to have another brain scan as doctor berg requires , one in which you remain conscious , as it is likely to give different results to those done when drugged or in a coma . '' 
 isaac was looking worried . 
 he had mentioned that he 'd like a brain scan , but that was all . 
 john 's expression did n't change . 
 forster 's face creased into a slight smile . 
 `` you can not be trusted to stay still , so you will be firmly restrained . '' 
 with a sudden movement , john took two steps forward , and knocked him out with a very hard fist to the jaw . 
 rudy grabbed john by the arm , and he staggered slightly , but then only leaned against the wall again , and his slight trembling resumed . 
 isaac knelt by the side of forster , gently touching his jaw . 
 he gave a worried look at john . 
 `` you 've broken his jaw - badly . '' 
 rudy spoke softly , `` shit , john , you 're in trouble now . '' 
 `` i rather think i was already in trouble , '' john said . 
 there were already communications flying , and bob opened the door . 
 `` we 're to put him in his quarters for the time being . '' 
 the three guards were very alert for any aggressive action , and john knew that this time they would n't hesitate to physically restrain him . 
 he made no trouble , only entering his rooms as instructed and putting on a film to watch , selected at random . 
 he looked up . 
 he was being observed , and he now knew the position of at least one of the cameras . 
 he had to get away . 
 it was no longer just homesickness , there was an acute feeling of insecurity . 
 there did n't seem any way that he could escape unless he could somehow access that power that he 'd seen just once on film , and did n't quite believe in . 
 but all he 'd managed so far was to somehow trigger the head pains that caused him such unbearable agony . 
 it was a high price to pay . 
 he could n't attempt anything here of course , it might be seen , and when he had tried things , he 'd made sure that it would not be picked up on camera . 
 just tiny things , like trying to make a blade of grass disappear , and he could n't do that . 
 he reminded himself that mark firmly believed he had a power , and mark bedville was a shrewd man . 
 it was more urgent now . 
 no-one came for a long time , and john found it impossible to stay still . 
 he paced back and forth across the room . 
 sometimes he stared forlornly out of the window , wanting the light of outdoors . 
 he could always see better outdoors . 
 a few times , he tried the door , though he had no expectation that it might not be locked . 
 finally , the buzzer sounded . 
 someone was finally coming . 
 he did n't try anything stupid like rushing the door , just stood back and waited as rudy , zack , bob and lance all came in , looking grim . 
 john wore again that cold , impassive face that concealed his emotion . 
 he jumped . 
 please , john , you have to behave . 
 it was zack . 
 zack did n't know whether john would hear . 
 his telepathy was only guessed at , and was quite obviously , not complete . 
 it did n't seem as if he could really read minds , just that he sometimes had an abnormal sensitivity . 
 they escorted their prisoner back to ward 3 , the only comment was from zack . 
 `` colonel forster is in hospital , having his jaw wired up . '' 
 john felt a satisfaction . 
 he was not normally a vindictive man , but he 'd felt forster 's pleasure as he contemplated a picture . 
 and he 'd seen the picture that forster saw , of ` the subject ' fighting against the restraints as he was manoeuvred into that terrifying space of the scanning machine . 
 he 'd been naked , and uncovered , though why he should have been naked in that context was unclear . 
 it was forster 's picture , not reality . 
 john 's face remained expressionless . 
 mark waited for him , with a cold and authoritative persona . 
 he was being very firmly the colonel . 
 bob and rudy stood right beside john , each of them holding an arm as if to restrain him . 
 zack and lance flanked mark , standing a little in front of him . 
 john was being treated as if he were a dangerous prisoner , and yet the feel of his guards did n't quite match . 
 john stayed still and waited . 
 the colonel 's voice was cold . 
 `` you have attacked a high ranking officer . '' 
 suddenly , john felt something of his thoughts , too . 
 mark had his fingers figuratively crossed , and john 's eyes flicked to where he knew a camera watched . 
 this play was for the camera . 
 `` you will be punished , '' said mark , `` and security will be tightened . '' 
 but aside from being confined to ward 3 for the rest of the day and night , the long list of regulations were only those already in place , although they sounded different when delivered in the cold , judgmental voice of the colonel . 
 mark came to an end . 
 `` clear ? '' 
 john answered in soldierly fashion , `` yes , sir . '' 
 mark nodded , `` very well , but i want to show you one thing more . '' 
 he nodded to lance . 
 lance was a big man as all his guards were . 
 zack tried to send a message again to john , a message of reassurance as , one by one , lance displayed the weapons he carried , the handgun whose capabilities mark enumerated , the baton , and the stun gun , whose use that one time had nearly killed john . 
 the capabilities of the stun gun were explained in detail . 
 `` the guards will not hesitate to use any of these weapons if they deem it necessary . 
 there will be no more attacks on army personnel . '' 
 john said , `` i understand , sir . '' 
 it was not a promise not to attack a soldier , but mark did n't push his luck . 
 the scene had gone a lot better than expected . 
 john was unpredictable , and never had treated him with any exaggerated respect . 
 this piece of film might help him stay in charge of the facility . 
 there were few candidates , as john 's existence was kept very quiet . 
 more hours of boredom , confined in the room that he hated . 
 but john knew that he 'd been let off very lightly . 
 he suspected that he was a lot safer with mark in charge , even though he so seldom saw him . 
 he did a lot of pacing that day , until his leg became too sore . 
 mark was sorry for him , but some punishment was needed , even if only to show the general . 
 while john fretted against his close confinement , mark had an argument with his wife . 
 he wanted to cancel their planned three weeks ' holiday , and could n't tell her why , as john 's existence was top secret . 
 with forster out of action , unable to talk , probably for months , the decision to replace him had been reversed , at least temporarily . 
 that forster was to take over had been communicated to the colonel just an hour before he arrived . 
 but john seemed to have felt a warning well before then . 
 for the first time , it had been reported that there had been a nightmare , and mark watched the film - the awakening cry of terror , and his quivering agitation after as he paced the room . 
 his guards reported his unusual irritability and nervousness that morning , as well . 
 and there was his obvious fear when they 'd been told to report to ward 3 , although similar things had happened before and he 'd not seemed particularly disturbed at those times . 
 mark knew that he must be feeling very insecure , worried that again there would be a change . 
 maybe he would become dangerous or suicidal , or maybe he would find himself able to access that mysterious power that even mark sometimes doubted , in spite of the evidence . 
 mark wanted to stay , but his second-in-command had his orders and would follow his policies , unchanged . 
 and then mark had his orders , too . 
 his wife would not concede . 
 mark would be going on holidays , and major greenspan was to be in command for those weeks . 
 greenspan was a superstitious man , thoroughly nervous of the inexplicable . 
 he 'd always declined to meet john . 
 ` best to remain objective , ' he said , and mark agreed with that stated reason . 
 there was no fear that john would be deliberately killed for dissection , as he 'd suggested - it was supposed to be a civilized country . 
 but there was a possibility that one day he might have to be killed for other reasons , such as if he seemed too dangerous , or , of course , if he was about to make his escape . 
 and if he was killed , for whatever reason , it was quite certain that his body would be very thoroughly examined . 
 ****** chapter 9 : the day after the forster incident , as soon as he was released from his room , john went to his favorite tree , leapt up to the lowest branch , and swiftly climbed as high as he could . 
 a bitter wind whistled , but john had as much privacy as he could ever manage . 
 his guards shook their heads . 
 they did n't understand his attraction to trees . 
 john held a twig . 
 he paused , feeling the tree . 
 there was no disturbance . 
 he was fairly sure that there were no cameras in the tree , though no doubt there would be from further away . 
 he turned his head , searching . 
 someone watched a screen and there came to him a distant image of himself facing the camera . 
 it was a less comfortable position , but he turned his back to the camera , and then paused , feeling again . 
 more images came to him , but none was clear enough that he thought anyone could see what he was doing . 
 he turned his attention to the twig . 
 mark said he had a power and that was why he was a prisoner . 
 just once , he 'd maybe done something , and his face had become smooth . 
 but if it was there , he had no idea how to use it . 
 he tried to make the twig vanish . 
 again and again , searching inside himself where a mysterious ability might somewhere lie , somewhere in that part of him that seemed so blank . 
 he thought he was just a shell sometimes , a hollow man . 
 he knew now that he was very badly damaged . 
 he was not really just someone who 'd only lived a short time . 
 after an hour , he ceased his efforts , wondering instead , bleakly , if he would suffer later for the useless attempts . 
 below , rudy glanced up and spoke to zack . 
 he was shivering himself , and said that john had to be frozen , sixty feet above the ground . 
 zack looked up as well . 
 john was easily visible in his brightly colored jacket , and seemed to be just staring into the distance . 
 `` i really do n't think we should let him climb trees . 
 if he fell now , he 'd probably be killed , but the colonel only says not to interfere . '' 
 but john was moving , rather stiffly and cautiously , and shortly let himself fall gently to the ground , yelping as he landed a little too heavily on his bad leg . 
 he ignored his guards and turned to walk toward the fence , limping rather more heavily than usual . 
 zack , lance and bob just shrugged and set off after him . 
 they did n't stay too close when he obviously did n't want them , just close enough to do their job . 
 alec came to him when he whistled , and grinned at him , `` i hear you were a very bad boy . '' 
 but john was n't disposed to talk about his misdemeanor , and alec found himself describing the christmas traditions of his family instead . 
 john did n't show how it hurt . 
 he 'd led the subject , and now listened intently , wanting to share a little . 
 alec had a few days off later , just four days , including christmas day and boxing day . 
 `` are many people having time off over christmas ? '' 
 john asked casually . 
 alec looked at him suspiciously . 
 `` there 's to be no reduction in security , and the outside fences are finished now , besides b force moving in tomorrow . '' 
 `` b force ? '' 
 alec explained the extra layer of security now in place . 
 john said , disgusted , `` you 'd think i was bloody superman , or something ! '' 
 alec felt guilty , but reported the conversation afterwards , as he always did , and the faceless advisers and analysts behind the scenes noted what was said and drew their conclusions . 
 there was time before lunch , and john swam . 
 he could n't swim just when he wanted to any more , as there had to be two in the water with him in case he was struck with the pain , and two of his personal guards had still to be armed and alert outside the pool . 
 often , there was no trouble , as off duty soldiers used the heated pool regularly , and most were happy to be roped in for an hour . 
 kyle and edward were both there that time . 
 they had n't happened to see him since he 'd been shot in the legs , as their usual station was at the gates where he never went . 
 but he greeted them as if nothing had happened . 
 there were ugly marks on the front of his legs where the bullets had exited , although the entry wounds were only three quite neat marks on the backs of his legs . 
 some of the soldiers could n't understand that he did n't seem to resent them , but john thought that life would be impossible if he tried to live without the company of other people . 
 the soldiers were all he had . 
 even the cleaners , gardeners and kitchen staff were soldiers , though he thought some of the specialist staff might not be . 
 kyle tried to draw him on the subject of his attack on forster , but john did n't want to talk about it . 
 forster might be back , and the knowledge that he could be put in his power frightened him badly . 
 his bleak feeling made a resurgence at lunch time , as he heard someone complaining that they were not allowed to put up christmas decorations . 
 `` we 're not supposed to upset the martian , '' said hank , casting a sidelong glance at john . 
 the soldiers tended to forget that there would be listening devices wherever the subject sat . 
 john looked at him , and suddenly smiled . 
 `` are n't you the boxing champion ? '' 
 hank grunted an assent . 
 he 'd been refused time off for christmas , and was not feeling polite . 
 john sat back in his chair , put his hands casually behind his head , and said , `` well , the martian is already upset , and i 'd just love to hit somebody - how about a fight ? '' 
 hank sneered . 
 `` i 'm not an old man like forster , taken off guard . 
 and i learned from professionals . '' 
 john 's smile remained . 
 `` and i 'm not really a martian - mars was abandoned long since . 
 i learned my fighting on the streets of kidos on alpha centauri , and you 're just an american soldier . 
 i reckon i can thrash you . '' 
 in a backroom , two men whom john had never seen , gaped at each other , before deciding it was probably just mischief . 
 but one picked up a phone and the decision was made . 
 they never stopped john providing them with extra information . 
 zack 's zoster vibrated , and zack was told not to interfere in the potential fistfight . 
 hank looked around . 
 the faces around him were expectant . 
 hank was not very popular . 
 he 'd learned his fighting at the hands of professionals , but he 'd practised on any victim available ever since early childhood , just a natural born bully . 
 he looked questioningly at zack , who had come to stand behind john . 
 john still looked at hank , whose face was suddenly more clear in his vision . 
 zack gave the verdict . 
 `` there has to be boxing gloves , but otherwise , if the potential participants want , the fight can go ahead . '' 
 hank looked stunned and john kindly explained for him , `` it 's a bit like i 'm an animal in a free range zoo , you see , they like to watch what i do . '' 
 hank said , `` i 've got to go back on duty . 
 i have no time . '' 
 john was disappointed , but only said , `` another time , then , '' and looked around restlessly . 
 he wished there was something he could do . 
 he 'd already had a swim , he 'd already talked to alec , and he really did feel like hitting somebody . 
 hank gave him an uneasy glance and left . 
 john finally went to the gym , where he laid into the large punching bag instead , hitting as hard as he could until he was staggering in exhaustion , watched by his three guards . 
 john was n't told when mark bedville left , in case it worried him . 
 it made no difference - he remained observably restless , they presumed , nervous . 
 he could put on an imperturbable expression when he chose , but he could n't conceal his jumpiness when watched twenty-four hours a day . 
 every day , he tried again to make something move or vanish , hiding as much as he could from the cameras and from his guards . 
 there was no result , but he was n't collapsing with head pain , either . 
 shortly after greenspan was left in charge , an argument blew up when private rawlings took exception to him looking at one of the few female soldiers , and he had a fight . 
 as zack insisted , they wore boxing gloves , though john looked at his gloves with suspicion , and took five minutes to forget he wore them and start to hit back instead of just dodging . 
 they had their results . 
 john did n't fight in the conventional style , apparently did n't know about using his gloves to deflect punches , but was lightning fast , and defeated jimmy quickly enough that he looked both surprised and disappointed when jimmy stood back , shaking his head , unwilling to take any more punishment . 
 john had been scarcely touched . 
 how he 'd managed it when he was half blind was a mystery . 
 afterward , he walked straight into a projecting bar of one of the exercise machines . 
 sunday , john 's guards told him that he was to go to the church service and behave himself whether he liked it or not . 
 it was orders . 
 john 's attention wandered as the minister droned , and hymns were poorly sang . 
 the sermon , given the time of year , was to do with christmas . 
 the story of the babe in the manger . 
 as al-ways , john was watched . 
 was the story new to him ? 
 father herley was coming to the moral of his sermon . 
 `` how would we treat jesus if we came to us today ? '' 
 he paused for effect , and repeated his rhetorical question in a lower voice , as if musing . 
 `` how would we treat jesus if we came to us today ? '' 
 a mocking voice answered him . 
 `` you 'd probably put him in a secure facility and surround him with guards ! '' 
 even rudy and bob were laughing as john was steered out . 
 the congregation was in hysterics , to the considerable annoyance of father herley . 
 it would be weeks before he saw the funny side of it . 
 ****** chapter 10 : greenspan watched his subject on film , received his reports , and made a decision . 
 they needed to keep a closer control of their subject . 
 and he should not have as much close contact with the soldiers . 
 john knew now in which state they were , though his casual question about the nearest town was evaded . 
 john was n't supposed to know where he was , or what was happening in the outside world . 
 john thought he was behaving well enough , doing what the guards said , and not even disputing when they denied him his swim because there were not enough helpers . 
 it was an unpleasant surprise when the decree was relayed by zack , that from now on , he 'd be eating only in his own sitting room . 
 the staff dining room was no longer open to him . 
 but even then , he 'd only sighed . 
 after all , there was not much he could do . 
 he was under the control of others . 
 but he walked fast around the perimeter three times that day , scarcely limping , and not even talking to the dogs who were his friends , let alone the guards . 
 alec was not there , gone to join his family for christmas . 
 john hoped that his wet eyes might be blamed on the bitter wind that whistled . 
 it was over a year since he 'd first been found in a gutter , though he called himself john douglas now . 
 his memory went back less than nine months . 
 he thought that in a way he was just a baby , but was fully aware that tantrums could be severely punished . 
 so when rudy said it was lunchtime , he was docile as he was escorted back to his room and a lunch was brought in on a tray . 
 but it was not until the following day , christmas eve , that he took only a mouthful of his breakfast before pushing it away . 
 greenspan had suspected he might do this , but there would be no choice . 
 the biscuits that had previously been left in his room were gone , as john quickly discovered when he searched for an alternative to satisfy his hunger . 
 even the milk in the fridge was n't right . 
 isaac watched the film afterward , and advised greenspan again that john was best left alone as long as he was being reasonably well behaved . 
 but greenspan replied , as he had before , that john had to be kept under control , and the strategy of keeping him under mild sedation , which could be manipulated as desired , would be maintained . 
 `` he 's not going to starve himself to death , after all , '' said greenspan . 
 john 's personal guards knew that he was to be allowed nothing to eat other than the drugged food provided in his room . 
 and they very soon knew that john was refusing to touch his food , tasting , but not eating even when the drug was reduced to a trace . 
 christmas day came . 
 john had the large noon meal delivered to his room , and zack saw his nostrils quiver . 
 he tried a taste , and threw the fork away from him , quite violently . 
 `` you think they could have given me some food i could eat , today of all days , '' he complained , leaving the table and trying the locked door . 
 `` orders , '' said zack . 
 `` you have to come here every meal time , and you have to stay an hour . '' 
 john paced . 
 zack waited , stolidly , patiently . 
 he was a soldier , and soldiers often had to obey orders they did n't agree with . 
 christmas afternoon , john roamed the gardens , but no vegetables grew . 
 `` not in the middle of winter , '' rudy commented , guessing what he was after . 
 john said with a wry smile , `` obviously , whatever i used to be , it was not a gardener . '' 
 he took his perch in his tree for a while instead , contemplating refusing to come in for the evening meal . 
 maybe he 'd just stay here until he died of hunger . 
 did chipmunks store nuts ? 
 he suddenly wondered , and walked the grounds , feeling if there were any chipmunks . 
 but there were no nut trees , and there did n't seem to be any chipmunks . 
 on the fourth day , he staggered when he was roused for breakfast . 
 there had been a nightmare that night , and he 'd paced for hours afterward . 
 isaac saw the stagger on film . 
 the film was always watched , but not as it was taken . 
 john could detect the cameras when the screens were watched in real time . 
 isaac shook his head . 
 he found it hard to comprehend his patient 's stubbornness . 
 he was losing weight fast now , and was weakening , but he did n't even try his breakfast , just waiting , pacing the floor until he heard the door unlock for his release . 
 greenspan was equally stubborn , insisting that the subject had to be kept under control , and nothing that isaac said would change his mind . 
 some of the soldiers were going on a route march that day , and john joined sergeant davies as the men prepared . 
 `` how far ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` twenty miles , '' answered davies . 
 he no longer objected very much to john 's presence , and john no longer set out to irritate him . 
 lance and bob were close , although not within hearing . 
 rudy was having a short break . 
 davies glanced at him . 
 `` you 're looking thin . '' 
 john nodded casually . 
 `` i 've been on a hunger strike . 
 i want female guards around me . 
 but i 'm willing to break it now , if you have something to eat on you . '' 
 davies laughed and fished out a food bar . 
 `` it 's army rations , but that 's all i 've got . '' 
 john made sure that his guards only saw his back , as he ate , voraciously . 
 silently , davies handed him another . 
 it was half gone before rudy walked back , saw what he was doing , and yelled . 
 john quickly stepped back , behind davies , and finished the bar . 
 davies looked at them both , very puzzled . 
 rudy strode across to john and firmly took his arm . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 davies asked , puzzled . 
 rudy said , quite roughly , that whatever john had been telling him , he was perfectly well fed and it was his own fault if he chose not to eat . 
 john just stood , his face expressionless . 
 rudy hesitated . 
 davies was looking hostile . 
 rudy said to john , `` go and join the men , i 'm having a talk to rod . '' 
 john obeyed . 
 davies nodded back at the men , `` sit , if you like . '' 
 the men promptly sat , john with them . 
 it had n't occurred to him that the soldiers might be on his side , but jimmy asked him if he was still hungry , and while his guard explained to davies that greenspan was trying to keep him sedated , john ate his fill . 
 bob and lance pretended not to see . 
 john grinned at jimmy and the others , thanking them . 
 they were a bit confused , as he could only say that he had n't liked his meals , not really knowing himself why he was so unwilling to eat the food provided . 
 he only knew there was something wrong with it . 
 davies disappeared , and the men lolled around for a half hour , john sitting among them and storing a few of the food bars in his pockets for later . 
 if he had a chance , he planned to climb a tree where they could n't easily follow , and eat them there , although his guards were not trying to stop him eating . 
 he felt better already . 
 davies could n't contact colonel bedville , and finally returned , saying quietly to rudy that he 'd try again later . 
 rudy nodded . 
 davies roared at the men , saying that inspections would be made , and any who had n't their full ration pack should straightaway remedy the situation . 
 more food bars poured on a grinning john , as the men did as instructed , filing in to the store , and refilling their ration packs . 
 john was laughing . 
 there may not have been much variety , but right now , the bland , hard ration bars tasted very good . 
 finally , the men were lined up in their ranks , ready to march out . 
 john called to davies , asking if he could come , too , but davies told him not to be so silly . 
 john shrugged , and said to rudy , `` surrounded by forty soldiers , what could i do ? '' 
 rudy told him not to be so silly . 
 no-one hindered him as he climbed his tree and stowed his food bars in the driest place he could find . 
 he thought that he might stave off starvation for a few more days , especially if he managed to beg more from the men . 
 he was quite visible in his tree now , and rudy nudged bob and pointed . 
 there was a bird sitting on his shoulder , and another on a tree branch close to his head . 
 all the birds and animals seemed to love john . 
 there were a few cats who 'd decided the base was a good home , and they always twined around his legs at any opportunity , though he was n't allowed to have them in his room . 
 there was an especially aromatic meal that evening , and john yielded to temptation and tried a mouthful but put it down again . 
 he was locked in for the evening and zack was watching a film with him . 
 there had recently been several added to the collection , and he had n't seen this one . 
 they did n't stint on expense , in small matters or big , and although the films were vetted , there were some new releases . 
 the buzzer went at the door , the indication that someone was about to enter . 
 john rose and waited in the designated spot . 
 the guards briefly checked the outside scanner to make sure he was n't near the door , and entered . 
 he hardly saw the night guards , and pete and raymond were almost strangers . 
 `` new orders , '' said raymond . 
 `` john 's to be confined to ward 3 until further notice . '' 
 two other guards waited outside . 
 he was to be given a large escort , it seemed . 
 even so , john hesitated as he went into the corridor , looking the wrong way . 
 zack said very quietly , `` john , do n't be silly . '' 
 raymond pulled out the stun gun . 
 they knew now he could fight very well , and he 'd been almost fully fit before christmas , except for a still weak leg . 
 they could feel his tension . 
 raymond had his arm firmly in one hand , the stun gun in another . 
 zack put his hand on his shoulder , and said calmly , `` come on , john . 
 we have to obey orders . '' 
 john yielded and went in the direction desired , his expression again cold , impassive . 
 john did n't eat then for three days , as greenspan insisted that he would take the drugged food . 
 when isaac assured him that it was a minimal amount of tranquillizer and would help him cope with the stress of imprisonment , he was not answered . 
 john just paced , interminably , every day , until he staggered with weariness . 
 they could have overcome him with injected drugs , but the aim was to get him accepting the food he was given , with the dose adjusted as they chose . 
 isaac was increasingly worried , and pointed out to greenspan that john was so weakened that one of those attacks of head pain might kill him now . 
 greenspan was indifferent . 
 when mark bedville entered the room , john was pacing again , staggering now and then , not taking notice of his surroundings . 
 he knew that people watched , all the time . 
 he ignored them . 
 he no longer even tasted the meals served up , no matter how tempting they appeared . 
 they found it hard to comprehend his stubbornness . 
 `` john ? '' 
 mark said . 
 john glanced his way and kept pacing . 
 he looked terrible , and mark suspected he was on the verge of total collapse . 
 compassionately , he said , `` i 'm back now , and your food will no longer be tampered with . '' 
 john paused , `` were you away ? '' 
 mark nodded . 
 `` i came back early when i heard . 
 this affair was not at my orders . '' 
 `` can i go out ? '' 
 mark hesitated . 
 john was never allowed out after dark , except to walk to the dining room and back . 
 but he was obviously too much weakened to try anything now . 
 he spoke to raymond . 
 `` john 's going out for a while . 
 you and fox just stay close to him , and we 'll bring him something to eat outside . '' 
 john staggered as he left the hated room , and went right down on one knee as he stepped outside . 
 but he looked around in gratitude . 
 he was outside . 
 mark took his arm , and pointed to an outdoor table setting . 
 isaac brought him a meal himself , just a bowl of soup to begin with , which john ate quickly . 
 `` you can have something else in a little while , '' isaac said . 
 john started trembling . 
 he 'd been trembling a lot lately . 
 no-one commented , and after a while , it died down . 
 john was looking at the stars , faint , as the compound was brightly lit . 
 `` this is the first time i 've seen the stars , '' he said . 
 but then the stars were lost as peter looked at him instead , very surprised . 
 they tended to forget that his remembered experiences were so limited . 
 it took a few days for john to feel strong again , and would take longer to regain the lost weight . 
 it did n't take long before he started trying to make things happen without touching them , telekinesis , he thought it was called . 
 he had to escape . 
 he just did n't see how . 
 probably safe while mark was in charge , but there were people who could tell mark what to do . 
 there was no feeling of security , although mark came to see him quite often now . 
 he was welcomed back to the staff dining room with a cheer , which took him so much by surprise that he started trembling and turned bright red . 
 and yet , he knew that these same men who laughed with him and clapped his shoulder , would probably shoot him if they were ordered , as alec had . 
 soldiers always did what they were told . 
 he would have to ensure that if he was shot , it would be by a member of force b . 
 but he did n't want to be shot . 
 he wanted to go home . 
 ****** chapter 11 : the twin fences of the boundary fence were complete , the electrified fence was switched on , and b force patrolled . 
 their barracks , and all the other facilities needed for their men were in a new area , surrounded by a high fence , outside the compound , but within the external boundary fences . 
 they had no contact with the subject , and only limited contact with a force . 
 on the fourth of january , john was released as usual , eight in the morning , and greeted by zack and bob , who were smiling . 
 outside were three horses . 
 two were tall , speedy looking horses , being ridden by soldiers whom he scarcely knew . 
 mark himself held the third horse , much smaller , dun colored , with creamy mane and tail . 
 she looked placid and a touch rotund . 
 john gave mark a smile of uttermost delight and went straight to the pony , caressing and murmuring to the small mare , and then , quite suddenly , hugging her neck , burying his face in her mane , wishing he was alone . 
 he wanted to cry . 
 mark glanced at zack and spoke in a dry and matter-of-fact tone . 
 `` her name 's bess , and if you 'll just look up a moment , i 'll introduce your escorts . '' 
 ernest and adam pretended not to see the wet eyes , and only explained that he could ride within the compound with just their escort , but if he wanted to go outside the compound , he 'd be on a lead . 
 john looked at mark , scarcely able to believe it . 
 `` i can go outside ? '' 
 mark nodded . 
 zack took over and told him about b force , and the external fences . 
 john listened attentively , and only asked how close he was allowed to go before they would shoot . 
 `` if you start to climb the fence , they will shoot . 
 as long as you have your feet on the ground , or you 're riding your horse , you 're safe . 
 but the men of b force are not allowed to talk to you , and they do know exactly what you look like . 
 do n't think of being stupid . '' 
 john looked into the distance a moment , that direction that for some reason , pulled him , but then said that he 'd try not to be stupid . 
 zack and bob watched him ride off a few minutes later , smiling all over his face , though with long stirrups and a sloppy seat . 
 bob commented that he 'd obviously not ridden much , but had to take back his words when they saw him flashing past at a speed that they would n't have thought bess could go . 
 the other horses were side by side , a little behind . 
 adam and ernest were expert riders and were armed the same way as they were . 
 john had to wait before he was allowed outside the compound , as several men in light jeeps were sent out . 
 `` they 're sharpshooters , and have high powered rifles , '' said one of the gate keepers . 
 `` why , are there tigers out there or something ? '' 
 asked john , teasingly . 
 he was in a very good mood . 
 staid bess pranced and tossed her head . 
 she 'd never had a rider that spoke to her quite like this before . 
 it made her feel youthful and full of zest . 
 there was some rearranging . 
 john was deprived of his reins , and long reins were attached instead , one taken by ernest and one by adam . 
 `` which direction ? '' 
 asked adam . 
 john looked around , as best he could , and finally said that they could decide . 
 there was a brief consultation , and john was led out the gates that had confined him so long . 
 he looked back , remembering that it was at that gate he 'd been hit with a stun gun . 
 he laughed exultantly , almost forgetting that he was a prisoner . 
 every day then , straight after his release in the morning , he rode out , only missing a few times when his escorts were not available . 
 it was a pleasure to him , though sometimes he would have liked a horse with more speed and endurance . 
 bess could n't go as far and fast as he wanted . 
 he came to be familiar with the larger area of army land , the areas of woods , some of it showing damage from weapons practice , and the lake . 
 it was a favorite place of water birds , though he seldom saw any other wildlife , a few rabbits and a fox once . 
 there were no hills and no areas very rough . 
 in the distance to the east , well past the perimeter fence , he knew there was a much larger lake , though it was seldom in his view . 
 he never saw any settlements , and the guards told him that there were no towns near . 
 he rode portions of the fence , watched curiously by unfamiliar soldiers , who held their rifles not quite at the ready . 
 `` they look as if they 'd really like a chance to shoot me , '' he remarked to his escorts , once . 
 ernest shrugged . 
 `` they 're probably bored . 
 guard duty is always boring . '' 
 they 'd begun to relax now that the martian had proven to be just a man after all . 
 but now john started quizzing them . 
 he wanted to know exactly what the soldiers were told about him . 
 `` they do n't really think i 'm a martian , do they ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the pair were uncomfortable with his questions , and john glanced at them and asked if once he was back in the compound , he could borrow one of their horses for a little while . 
 he was refused , and bess was n't interested in bucking and playing with him as he 'd like her to do . 
 she was a dear friend , though , and he loved her . 
 mark watched and was pleased . 
 john seemed contented , and seemed not to be worrying about the future . 
 mark worried about the future for him . 
 but john was not contented , and still racked his brains for a way to escape , though he 'd almost stopped trying to make things move just by thinking about it . 
 that piece of film had to have been an april fool 's day joke . 
 even when he skipped his shave , and attempted it later , in his tree , he failed . 
 it was risky , as he suspected that his jailers were still alert for that particular action , but he could n't do it in any case . 
 to avoid suspicion , he did n't shave again until the following morning , as if he 'd only been a bit lazy that day . 
 they may not have noticed , of course , just one day 's beard growth . 
 more facilities were provided for the soldiers . 
 now there were two hot spas side by side , as well as a sauna . 
 close to the gymnasium , a physiotherapist took up residence . 
 she was a qualified physiotherapist , specializing in sports injuries , but she was also an excellent masseuse . 
 clare had a small , external office where a list was left , and members of staff could write down their own names in their chosen appointment slot . 
 when not occupied , she often sat reading in this area , or joined the staff as they swam or exercised . 
 then she had her clinic area , and leading from that , her sleeping quarters , though she often went to her own home at night . 
 john did n't seem able to keep his eyes off her - and did n't go near her . 
 she waited . 
 clare was not a soldier , and the john doe was her job . 
 she did n't think it would be difficult , not after she was shown film of him laughing for joy as bess reared and pranced for him . 
 she 'd seen film of him in the shower , too . 
 he was not only to be made more content , it was long known that secrets were divulged in bed . 
 but john only looked at her with an overwhelming yearning , and stayed away . 
 isaac urged him to go to clare , as a massage was so relaxing . 
 john looked at isaac with a troubled expression , and stayed away . 
 they knew he was sexually frustrated . 
 he had no privacy , and there were obvious indications . 
 but he liked the spa , and one day , clare joined him . 
 a meaningful jerk of zack 's head ensured that a soldier decided he needed a sauna rather than a spa right now . 
 clare spoke softly , gently , frankly . 
 he looked up briefly , hopefully , and then said bitterly that he was watched every minute of the day . 
 how could he ? 
 clare smiled . 
 `` is that all ? 
 my room is private . 
 i 'll give you a massage , i 'm free right now , and then , if you want to ... '' john looked at her , and his reply was so fervent that she laughed . 
 the massage did n't last long . 
 john held her close afterward , and said , almost crying , that he did n't think he knew of anything else that could possibly feel so good . 
 it was not until the second time that he noticed an unfamiliar action he 'd taken - the tiniest surge of the mind that vanished semen . 
 it seemed something that was part of sex , but when he thought about it , it was not a part of sex , just something that always came after . 
 there was no memory of the reason , but he assumed for contraception . 
 and maybe after all , he was not a normal man . 
 could he do other things then ? 
 not long later , he nearly fell out of his tree with surprise as a twig vanished from the palm of his hand . 
 he made it come back again , actually an identical twig conjured , though he did n't know that , and then he vanished it again , repeating the actions until he noticed rudy 's exasperated shouts from far below . 
 he was to come down . 
 it would soon be dark . 
 rudy was relieved when he finally seemed to hear him . 
 he was beginning to think he 'd have to come up after him . 
 he was a joy to be with that week , laughing , joking , acting as if he was having the time of his life . 
 every day , he had an appointment with clare , though she discovered no secrets except that he was a very good lover . 
 men were all different , and she never gave a thought to an apparently scanty ejaculation . 
 the rest of the day , he worked his magic , learning to move things , vanishing and re-conjuring things , still only small and inconspicuous things . 
 the day that he idly played with the wire fence as he talked to rizo with his handler marty , and made it vanish and reappear under his fingers , he knew that now he had a real chance to escape . 
 he resumed watching davies as he trained . 
 he was doing some interesting things with the men , and sometimes he participated , not worrying that his participation was probably planned as just another way of discovering his capabilities . 
 they were disappointed one day , though . 
 it was to be a sort of verbal iq test , and john showed interest in participating , but just before a start was made , he looked straight at the camera that observed , and said casually that , after all , he did n't feel like playing soldiers that day . 
 isaac , watching the action on screen , laughed , although he was disappointed . 
 bloody man , but even that action revealed how much he knew of the position of the cameras , and how much he guessed of their motives . 
 they tried him with foreign languages one day , but it was not a very subtle test , and he chose not to reveal that he spoke almost every language they tried . 
 he told clare , later , that he reckoned he was english , and when she asked why , he said it was because every now and then , he found himself thinking about bloody yanks ! 
 his own conclusion agreed with theirs . 
 his accent was english , although an expert on accents was unable to narrow it down further . 
 he was nearly always lured into the action events that davies came up with , especially if there was competition . 
 the teams never knew whether he was an asset or not . 
 he was quick and agile , and apparently fearless , but sometimes there were delays as he felt blindly around for the rope , for instance , or fell straight into the ditch he was supposed to jump over . 
 one day , he took his turn climbing to the top of the tall tower , and then tilted his head slightly as he groped for the rope that he knew was there . 
 but when he found it , he whooped with joy as he soared through the air . 
 davies roared at the reluctant ones who followed , that john could do it , even half blind , so certainly they could do it , too . 
 john was back in line waiting for his second go , when he took a few uncertain steps out of line , and said softly , `` rudy ? '' 
 the next moment , he was on the ground , rolling and whimpering , fists pressed to his forehead . 
 he stopped moving fairly quickly , his eyes open , agonized , his palms pressed flat on the grass as if for strength . 
 the last time he 'd gone down , the pain had only lasted a short time , and that had been the only episode in months . 
 isaac , when he came , said they 'd wait and see , not move him . 
 the men were sent away . 
 this time , the agony went on and on . 
 after two hours , he was getting too cold , and isaac decided they had to take him inside . 
 disturbing him as little as possible , he was gently lifted onto a stretcher , and although he seemed to lose consciousness at the movement , he did n't fit . 
 the faint lasted until he was in his bed in ward 3 . 
 isaac had learned from previous experience with him . 
 there was no painkiller , no touching , the room was kept very quiet , and the light was dimmed . 
 john endured , although knowing less and less of anything but the pain as time went on . 
 it lasted a little over thirteen hours , then his body finally relaxed as he sunk into a state of deep unconsciousness . 
 the eeg sensors were finally attached , and isaac looked worriedly at the characteristic coma pattern , but after a while , the waves changed to one indicating a more normal sleep . 
 isaac thought he could relax now , and went to bed , leaving him in the care of the nurses . 
 john wanted a shower the moment he woke , though slapping a face-washer rudely at an observer who seemed too curious . 
 the see-through wall even formed one side of his shower . 
 the observer recoiled , but only a few minutes later was calling urgently that isaac needed to be fetched , as john went down again . 
 isaac had him put straight back into bed , and attached the electrodes for the eeg again , but the disturbance caused fitting , which gave way to more pain which just seemed to go on and on . 
 john 's eyes looked at isaac without recognition , no longer knowing anything except the agony that was his world . 
 day and night merged , the terrible pain alternating with periods of unconsciousness , though there was little fitting this time , only occasionally in response to interference or noise , such as when the bent iv stand fell to the floor . 
 isaac knew he was in a very bad way when he did n't notice that he was now on an intravenous drip . 
 he did n't use restraints . 
 having him panicking and fighting now could be the last straw , and isaac cared for his patient . 
 the times when john was awake and free of pain , he always wanted a shower . 
 he sweated so much when he was in pain , but isaac always refused , and his refusal was justified , as again and again the pain hit , usually only minutes after he woke from sleep . 
 twenty-five days it lasted , but stopped as suddenly as it started . 
 john was very thin , very pale , and weak as a kitten . 
 but when isaac asked what he wanted , he grinned and said that he thought it was definitely time that he saw clare , who would undoubtedly know just what he needed . 
 isaac said that if he could n't walk that far , he certainly could n't do anything else . 
 john 's eyes twinkled , and he said that he could definitely do something else . 
 the report came back later . 
 it seemed that he could . 
 clare thought that her room was private , though john was n't so sure , and always insisted that it be darkened as much as possible , and showed a liking for being under the covers . 
 davies was very happy to see him , though for the first time in a while , it seemed that john remembered that he liked to be a pest , mocking and interfering when he drilled the men . 
 davies cursed him , and stalked over to him , but john looked at him with bright , merry eyes from a thin , pale face , and davies noticed that he held a cane again . 
 the blast of fury was muted . 
 john resumed his rides very quickly , though only walking around the compound on bess to begin with , adam and ernest acting as personal guards . 
 he could go further when he rode bess , and he spent a lot of time walking her around the perimeter fence , sometimes turning her so that she looked straight at the fence as he peered , head tilted slightly to the side . 
 he was able to see better when he was on a horse , and there were a few days that he spent watching the gates , the guards very alert . 
 but all he did was watch . 
 once he seemed a bit stronger , adam and ernest brought a different horse for him , a taller , faster horse . 
 and he whooped in joy as the three galloped together , thundering around the external perimeter track . 
 except for that ill-considered flight triggered by holding a baby , he had n't attempted escape , but mark was alert to any behavior that indicated that he might . 
 two or three times a week , he would join him in the staff dining room , though he knew that the lower ranking soldiers did n't appreciate it . 
 john just greeted him as ` mark , ' and spoke to him as easily as he did everyone else . 
 john was making plans , and was becoming fit again . 
 he thought he could probably drive a car , it could n't be that difficult , and he 'd have to get as far away as he could , as quickly as he could . 
 but he did n't try to work his telekinesis , not until he was over the latest illness . 
 ****** chapter 12 : spring , and the trees were showing beginning buds of leaves . 
 john was still not fully recovered from the weeks of illness , but the constant rain would be a help . 
 in spite of the lights , visibility would be poor outside at night . 
 it was a gamble , as he had n't practised that unknown power since he 'd been sick , and he was planning to try things he 'd never done . 
 he had no dull colored shirt , and there had been no chance to steal one , so he went bare-chested . 
 the cameras stopped working for a little while , a pillow pretended to be a body in his bed , his locked door was unlocked , and peter and nicholas somehow did n't see him go . 
 two more locked doors were unlocked and he slipped through . 
 more guards were evaded , and he rolled in the muddiest puddle that he knew . 
 his horse had churned it up for him the previous day , pawing at the dirt while he laughed and pretended to ernest and adam that it was misbehaving . 
 he was nearly black now , face , body and jeans . 
 he wore no shoes . 
 he gave himself less than a fifty percent chance of success , so at least one fence had to be climbed , or they 'd know for sure he 'd done something inexplicable . 
 he had to show that he 'd crossed the barbed wire , though he did n't know how they 'd explain that he crossed the two electrified fences . 
 he planned to make them rise up , so that he could wriggle underneath and not be touched . 
 a flicker of movement caught the eye of a guard as he made a routine scan of the screens in the large surveillance room . 
 it was a long way from the compound , closer to the external fences . 
 he thought it must be a fox , slipping silently through the heavy mist . 
 he called the attention of his fellow to it . 
 frowning , they watched . 
 for a moment they saw it a touch clearer . 
 the brief glimpse did n't look quite like a fox . 
 just as a precautionary measure , the watcher checked john 's room . 
 the half light showed a figure in the bed . 
 `` he 's there , '' he said to the other . 
 for a long moment , the two peered at the silent room . 
 then a switch was flicked , and suddenly there was a bright light in john 's room . 
 there was no movement from the body in the bed , that did n't look quite right . 
 zoster communicators vibrated , phones rang , more guards were alerted , but it was only when john was definitely discovered to be gone from his room , that force b was alerted . 
 john , crouching and hurrying , was praying for the heavy mist to continue . 
 the bright lights that generously lit even this area , were dissipated in the moisture laden air . 
 sirens rang , and the headlights of jeeps swung , dipped and dived as they crossed the rough open area where he was caught . 
 he ran , trying to get closer to the fence , filled with urgency to escape , though he really knew there was no hope as soon as the alarm went . 
 searchlights started wandering . 
 he was closer to the external fence than he 'd thought . 
 he dropped and only wriggled along the ground , still hoping . 
 maybe he could hitch a ride once he was out . 
 maybe he could clean himself with magic so that he looked more innocent . 
 maybe he could still escape . 
 a jeep roared past a foot from his head , and then turned and backed around , between himself and the fence , the headlights shining back at him . 
 he wished he would not be seen , and added that surge of power . 
 he was not seen by those on the spot , but reports were coming in from those who watched from the cameras . 
 after a moment , the jeep turned slightly , and the lights were no longer on him . 
 he started wriggling again , still headed toward the fence . 
 more jeeps appeared , the beams of headlights lighting the area , supplementing the lights from the poles that also carried cameras . 
 but it was only when night binoculars were used that john was picked up almost under the feet of zack . 
 he knew he was seen . 
 slowly , he rose to his feet , black with mud . 
 for a moment he glanced at the fences , so close . 
 triumphantly , a force b soldier approached , carrying handcuffs . 
 `` you 've got him then , '' and he added with a sneer , `` pretty careless , letting him get this far . '' 
 zack saw john 's eyes on the handcuffs . 
 he was looking very tense , but zack was furious with him , and was tempted to let the sergeant put on the restraints . 
 but john looked at him , and said very softly , `` zack ? '' 
 and he said instead that handcuffs were not needed , that john would give no trouble now . 
 john relaxed . 
 the disappointment was extreme , but now that he 'd found his power , there 'd be other opportunities . 
 `` in the jeep , '' zack said curtly . 
 john looked at himself . 
 `` i 'll make it awfully dirty . '' 
 zack stared , then laughed . 
 `` you nearly get yourself killed , and you 're worried about getting the jeep dirty ? '' 
 john got in the jeep . 
 they took him to ward 3 , as he expected . 
 there never had been a ward 1 or a ward 2 , though there was a sick bay , occasionally used by staff . 
 they would n't let him shower or put on dry clothing , only taking from him the small package of food bars that was attached to his belt . 
 colonel bedville was well aware of the value of some fatigue and discomfort when a man was interrogated . 
 nicholas , peter and raymond surrounded him , the night guards he scarcely knew . 
 two others had been brought in as well . 
 he 'd never even seen josephs and cunningham . 
 peter and nicholas were feeling vindictive . 
 somehow he 'd got past them although they 'd been on station right outside his door . 
 they could n't understand it and they did n't like it . 
 john was made to stand , shivering and just waiting , as mark , isaac and zack watched film in the observation room next door . 
 the technicians were checking through all film from the last three hours , finding the traces of his passage . 
 he was seen in the corridors , once slipping behind a guard who should certainly have seen him . 
 there was quite a good shot of him rolling in the muddy puddle , but then he was n't spotted until a glimpse was seen of him crossing the barbed wire of the first fence . 
 isaac looked at the bedraggled figure in the next room , and said that there must be some deep cuts under the mud . 
 mark said briefly that no doubt he 'd recover . 
 again and again , the footage from the cameras in his room was run . 
 the technician concluded , `` the cameras in his room stopped working , i think , all of them , probably for about fifteen minutes . '' 
 mark looked at their subject . 
 he was n't doing anything . 
 five guards surrounded him , and both nicholas and peter had their stun guns out in a tacit threat . 
 john leaned against the wall , muddy hands in muddy pockets , and stared into the distance , his face impassive . 
 mark finally went in and started questioning . 
 john was trembling , although whether it was from fear or cold , they did n't know . 
 colonel bedville did n't find it too difficult to harden his heart . 
 the man had nearly escaped , and he surely must have used that strange power . 
 john , as the colonel had expected , was not cooperative , only saying that he 'd found the door open and thought it worthwhile having a go . 
 he was silent as he was asked how he 'd passed the guards without being seen , how he 'd negotiated the electrified fence without being killed , how he 'd gone through at least three locked doors . 
 after a half hour , the colonel stopped . 
 john asked if he could have a shower now . 
 colonel bedville said coldly that his guards would tell him when he was allowed to have a shower . 
 john looked after him as he left , and his eyes followed him also as he entered the room next door . 
 isaac was there , too , he could feel him . 
 john fidgeted . 
 there was a deep cut on his upper arm , that was paining with the mud in it . 
 there were other cuts . 
 nicholas snarled at him , `` stay still or i 'll use the stun gun . '' 
 he stayed still . 
 isaac objected . 
 he wanted to look after his patient , but colonel bedville was in charge , and the colonel was deeply disturbed . 
 losing the subject would cost him dear . 
 within himself , mark felt aggrieved . 
 john had been treated so well . 
 it seemed ungrateful . 
 two interrogators were brought in from b force . 
 for hours , they hammered at john , who stayed still , stayed silent , and endured . 
 they were not allowed to touch him , mark had made that quite clear . 
 and each of the guards , individually , was told that they were to use the batons , if necessary , rather than the stun guns . 
 mark did n't want his subject nearly killed by a zap from a stun gun . 
 mark watched from the observation room , getting tired as the morning wore on . 
 the interrogators were taking it in turns , as they , too , tired . 
 john was silent . 
 he was wondering when the expected head pain would strike . 
 maybe it would take a few days . 
 maybe even it would not strike . 
 he smiled bleakly at that thought . 
 he always had to pay when he used that mysterious power . 
 nicholas saw the smile , and his anger rose in him again . 
 nicholas thought it a very good idea if he was knocked about a bit , teach him a lesson . 
 john 's eyes touched him briefly , but he only thought that there was nothing that the guards were likely to do to him that would hurt nearly as much as his head periodically hurt . 
 mark and isaac were speaking in mark 's office . 
 even here , they could turn on a screen and watch what was happening in ward 3 . 
 the picture was large , clear , and in color . 
 the guards in john 's room had been changed and he was now surrounded by his more familiar day guards , zack , rudy , bob , lance . 
 he was trembling again , and very pale now . 
 he was on the verge of collapse . 
 isaac said to mark , `` enough ? '' 
 mark nodded , and said , `` we 'll have to do it now . '' 
 `` next time he goes down ? 
 it 'll make it a lot easier . '' 
 mark said heavily , `` next time he goes down . '' 
 he paused , `` if there 's a suitable cut on either of his legs , that , too . '' 
 isaac pleaded , `` mark , i ca n't . '' 
 the colonel looked very tired . 
 `` it may not be on film , or witnessed , but i 'm satisfied that he has a power and is learning to use it . 
 slowing him down is better than killing him . 
 you just hand the dressing and the ointment to the nurse , and the nurse will use it as normal . '' 
 isaac said sadly , `` the other thing wo n't hurt him , but crippling him will hurt him . '' 
 mark was looking again at the image of the mud stained figure leaning against the wall . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he added , `` i wo n't punish him , and those two procedures are not for punishment . 
 but he stays in ward 3 while you treat him , and he 'll be under constant surveillance in his room from now on . '' 
 mark felt it his duty to watch as his instructions were carried out . 
 john was swaying , white with fatigue , when he was finally allowed to shower , helped by joe price , one of the nurses . 
 it was mid afternoon . 
 his wounds were checked , isaac pointed to one on his leg with a glance at price , and then told john that the one on his arm would need to be stitched as it would scar too badly otherwise . 
 his patient smiled tiredly , and said that he had enough scars to be going on with , stitch it if he wanted . 
 isaac said , `` it 'll hurt , and i suppose you 'll refuse an injection . '' 
 john nodded . 
 `` no injections . '' 
 but he seemed almost asleep when the nurse dressed his wounds , including the one on his leg , and isaac put a couple of neat stitches in the deep cut on his arm . 
 it was not until the early hours of the morning that he woke , ravenously hungry . 
 two guards and a nurse were in the room . 
 the nurse was a woman , and he smiled at her as he swung himself out of bed , pleased . 
 he liked women a lot better than he liked men , he thought . 
 not that he knew many . 
 clare was almost the only one , but he certainly liked clare . 
 he hoped he 'd still be allowed to see her . 
 no doubt there 'd be punishment , and he sighed . 
 his next attempt would be in the daytime , as he doubted he 'd succeed in leaving his room at night again . 
 nicki introduced herself and asked how he was feeling . 
 `` just hungry , '' he answered . 
 she briefly checked pulse and temperature , and then said , `` you can go back to your room , if you like , and a meal will be brought to you there . '' 
 john was delighted . 
 `` i can ? '' 
 nicki smiled at him . 
 peter put in , using an ominous voice , `` you 'll be told what 's to happen to you in the morning . '' 
 he did n't want him thinking he 'd got away with it . 
 but john only nodded and looked for some clothes . 
 there were some kept here as well as in his bedroom , blue jeans , and a vivid red shirt . 
 they 'd standardized the color now , though john said that he 'd really prefer a variety , maybe even some brown or green shirts . 
 he limped slightly when he left his bedroom in the morning . 
 the ointment rubbed into a cut irritated him , but nicki only said that the dressings were to stay in place , and he 'd be checked every morning before he left his room . 
 john smiled his thanks . 
 life was easier when he was friendly with those who surrounded him , even if they sometimes were in conflict . 
 he was astounded when zack told him that there were no changes in the way he was to be treated , except that he would n't be riding that day . 
 davies welcomed him when he turned up at pt training . 
 they 'd taken their cue from him . 
 they might come into conflict , but it was best to pretend , afterward , that nothing had happened . 
 it was difficult sometimes . 
 they 'd all been out searching the night before last , and some had witnessed an argument between the commander of b force and the colonel . 
 they had a very good idea where the subject was , and hindmarsh had wanted to simply plaster the whole area with bullets . 
 luckily , bedville outranked him . 
 the rain finally stopped and the sun shone , although the soldiers still squelched through puddles in their boots . 
 only pt that day , and john wandered off , his escort following , zack next to him , bob and lance not far away . 
 he swung himself up into his tree , thinking it would n't be long now before the trees would be in full leaf , probably only two or three weeks . 
 he needed the cover before he made the next planned attempt . 
 next to his habitual perch was a pair of birds busily building their nest , not disturbed in the slightest by the human who smiled on them . 
 ****** life went on , and john was still a prisoner . 
 at meal times , the soldiers were easy with him , and when he claimed he undoubtedly had better quarters than any of them , he was rewarded with quite a good description of the army barracks he planned to raid . 
 the only change was that he was continually watched when in his rooms , and he now knew exactly where each of the cameras were , though he tried not to show that he knew . 
 he now knew , too , where the camera in clare 's bedroom was , but did n't dream of giving up his visits now . 
 he knew she reported on him , and tried to ensure she 'd have enough to report that she was thought valuable . 
 he needed her . 
 she never learned anything he wanted to keep quiet , though . 
 nicki checked on him every morning before he was released from his room . 
 the dressings were removed from most of his wounds , though she said that isaac 's orders were that the one on his leg was to stay untouched . 
 john shrugged and did as he was told , though it was a nuisance when he could n't go swimming or use the spa . 
 isaac waited , wondering why it was taking so long . 
 he would have expected a raging infection by day three . 
 instead , john stopped limping , and said that he thought it was cured . 
 after a week , isaac had nicki take off the bandage and dressing , and report . 
 nicki did n't know that the wound had been deliberately infected with some very nasty bacteria . 
 she only said that it was completely healed , and threw away the dressing that seemed a lot cleaner than expected . 
 isaac reported to mark . 
 mark smiled and said , `` to tell you the truth , i 'm relieved . 
 in all my career , it 's the worst thing that duty has called for . '' 
 `` we 're not going to try again then ? '' 
 said isaac . 
 mark shook his head . 
 `` i have n't been sleeping too well . '' 
 isaac nodded , `` me , neither . '' 
 and after a minute , he said , `` it 's an indication of another difference , though , you realize . 
 the leg should have been gangrenous by now . 
 he must be very resistant . '' 
 mark said thoughtfully , `` i wonder if he 'll get the flu that 's going around . '' 
 isaac shrugged . 
 `` flu 's not like gangrene , we could make sure he 's exposed , and see what happens . '' 
 ****** chapter 13 : general buller and colonel forster made a visit for a few days . 
 john was moved back to ward 3 , they said that some modifications were needed in his own room . 
 john wondered why they bothered with excuses . 
 he was a prisoner , and could do with him pretty much what they wanted . 
 the first morning in room 3 , john was showering . 
 he frowned . 
 he was sure that it was forster watching closely , but maybe it would be more prudent not to show that he knew . 
 he turned the shower on as hot as he could stand instead , hoping that the window would fog up sufficiently that he was invisible . 
 he twisted a towel around his waist as soon as he was dry , though he seldom bothered normally . 
 there was an uncomfortable sexual element in that inspection of his body . 
 in the observation room , forster was casually saying to isaac that the subject seemed quite healthy now . 
 isaac wished he could think of a way to stop him licking his lips over john 's body . 
 it had n't occurred to him before , but now that he was fit and healthy , john had a body that might tempt a man that way inclined . 
 at least john was safe enough from any real molestation , as there was not a moment of the day that cameras were not on him . 
 they could be a protection as well as an intrusion . 
 the general with his off-sider , forster , watched a lot of film of john that day and the following . 
 buller was amused when forster took certain film to his room ; he knew the weaknesses of his subordinate . 
 in the file were some photographs of john as he 'd been found . 
 forster looked at those a long time . 
 buller was n't sure if anyone had told john that he 'd once been raped . 
 there was no real purpose in telling him . 
 the second morning in ward 3 , john switched on the hot tap in the shower and ran it for a while before he even stripped . 
 and again , afterward , he put a towel around his waist . 
 it was just a visit , he 'd been told , and there was no hint that forster might again be put in charge of him . 
 he was n't happy , but did n't feel the fear that had gripped him the previous time forster was around . 
 he was released at the same time as usual . 
 a lot of the soldiers were off with the flu , but ernest and adam were all right , and john enjoyed a gallop on the track they 'd started to wear next to the external fence , the three big horses thundering around together . 
 the b force guards watched him , the man in the bright red shirt looking happy as he rode , even though on lead . 
 the leather thong that usually held his hair in a pony tail had broken that day , and his long hair streamed out behind him . 
 `` martian or just a hippy ? '' 
 one said . 
 `` he 's actually from alpha centauri , '' said the other , in a voice of authority . 
 zack met him when he returned , saying that davies thought he 'd enjoy the planned activity for the day . 
 john knew that probably meant that the activity was planned with the participation of isaac , who thought it a good way of doing his research on the lab rat . 
 but the things that davies devised were often fun , and he walked with anticipation . 
 the obstacle race was to be run in teams , and was carefully planned . 
 isaac had formed the hypothesis that john was using his telepathic talent to know where things were . 
 at each place where he was expected to have difficulty seeing , there were to be stationed two men , primed to think hard of the rope or the beam in a different spot than it actually was . 
 the technicians had been hard at work rigging extra cameras . 
 no move would be missed . 
 there were to be prizes for each on the winning team and davies held up a box of chocolates and a green t-shirt , hopefully an additional temptation for john . 
 john glanced up at the camera that watched as davies asked if he wanted to take part . 
 mark was anxious , far more than he should have been . 
 john frowned . 
 mark crossed his fingers . 
 john turned to davies , who was also holding his breath , `` of course i want to participate . 
 it looks enormous fun . '' 
 mark gave a quiet sigh of relief . 
 isaac watched closely , as did mark , general buller , and colonel forster . 
 john hesitated longer than usual at the first of the difficult places , but then grabbed the rope and was off . 
 the misdirection had no apparent effect thereafter . 
 his was not the winning team , and he asked zack , grinning , how long he 'd have been allowed to keep that shirt in any case . 
 zack grinned back . 
 `` i 'd have let you keep it for the day . '' 
 mark was pleased , and wondered again how much his subject knew of what was supposed to be hidden from him . 
 the general was impressed , but said that the interrogation would proceed as planned . 
 mark objected again , but buller was adamant . 
 the escape had been too nearly successful , and while the planned measure to be taken , was approved , he said that it was essential that they know how john had managed it . 
 the senior officers were served with a very good lunch , during which bedville spoke persuasively of the benefits of allowing the subject a large degree of freedom in order to learn as much about him as possible . 
 buller listened , and observed that the morning 's demonstration had been impressive . 
 forster spoke equally persuasively of the benefits of a closer confinement coupled with rigorous discipline . 
 buller looked at him with amusement . 
 `` did n't work too well , last time , did it ? '' 
 forster flushed . 
 two weeks in hospital , and several more having his meals through a straw . 
 mark said , `` since adopting this policy , i have not had a single man hurt , and i suspect the subject could be very dangerous if he chooses . '' 
 isaac went on to talk about examples of apparent telepathy . 
 `` what about the woman ? '' 
 asked buller . 
 mark said , `` nothing of a great deal of significance . 
 he says he 's a hollow man , and she 's convinced the amnesia is genuine , but we never really doubted that . '' 
 `` fancy providing a prisoner with a whore , '' said forster , in disgust . 
 buller said reprovingly that miss glover was a highly skilled agent , and john doe was , by no means , an ordinary prisoner . 
 `` we need to know what it is that he can do , '' he said , `` and while mark 's results might be slow in coming , they are coming . '' 
 but then he nodded at forster . 
 `` you can have a go at him this afternoon , however , and we 'll see how you do . '' 
 lunchtime , john was chatting with jimmy and brian , as zack and bob watched from their position near the door . 
 zack took a message , and murmured to bob . 
 bob looked worried . 
 shortly afterward , lance and nicholas filed into position next to them . 
 john was trying to persuade sylvia to let him have a second dessert . 
 `` you 're not sick any more , john , '' she said , `` you do n't need it . '' 
 john turned beseeching eyes on her . 
 `` yes , but i might get sick at any moment , and then if i 'm fat beforehand , i wo n't get so thin ! '' 
 sylvia laughed at the argument , and handed him a second dessert . 
 jimmy looked at his second dessert when he rejoined them . 
 `` they wo n't let us have any more than the allotted meal ! '' 
 john twinkled at him . 
 `` i 'm privileged . '' 
 they let him finish his meal , and even have coffee before coming for him . 
 and when jimmy saw his face become expressionless , and the four unsmiling men who walked close , he thought him not so privileged . 
 he and brian glanced at each other , and were very quiet as they walked back to their position on guard at the main gates . 
 john had only once been in the administration block . 
 this time he was led to a large room , bare except for one solidly made chair . 
 on two sides were large windows he could n't see through , but he knew that men watched from behind . 
 he started to tremble . 
 no matter how he tried , he could never control his trembling . 
 his face showed no expression . 
 more men waited , five of them . 
 he felt them , and knew he 'd never met them . 
 the ones he knew , left the room . 
 he stared after them , feeling momentarily deserted , before reminding himself that it made no difference really . 
 zack and the others - they too , were his jailers . 
 `` sit in the chair , '' a man told him . 
 he wore glasses , this man , and looked more like a clerk than a soldier , but john only saw his appearance when someone behind him turned his eyes on him . 
 he hesitated . 
 he did n't want to sit in the chair while those threatening men stood around him . 
 two men close to him pulled out their batons , and ran them through their fingers . 
 the gesture was wasted on john , who did n't see . 
 but he felt the threat nevertheless . 
 `` sit in the chair , '' was repeated , with more emphasis . 
 john sat . 
 now that he looked more harmless , colonel forster entered the room . 
 `` these are men from b force , '' he said . 
 `` sergeant nicholls is going to ask you about the night you nearly escaped . 
 if you do not cooperate with proper answers , you will be handcuffed to the chair in which you sit , until we do get answers . '' 
 john 's trembling , oddly , ceased , and he looked apparently calmly at forster , but his voice had a tremor . 
 `` i panic when i am tied . 
 i can not help it . 
 if i panic , then someone could be hurt . '' 
 forster smiled at the man he knew could barely see . 
 `` we 'll risk it . '' 
 he turned and left the room . 
 isaac was n't present , though he had a good idea what was planned . 
 he did n't want to see john hurt , even though buller agreed that there would be no physical hurt . 
 he used the excuse that he had the flu , very much hoping that john would not need him afterwards . 
 a replacement was doing the daily soldiers ' clinic , but he did n't want anyone else looking after john . 
 mark had no choice whether or not he should watch . 
 forster watched avidly through the window . 
 he was loving this . 
 he 'd watched old film of john panicking and begging for release when restrained , and knew that the fear of being tied up would soon have him begging . 
 nicholls began the questioning . 
 `` how did you make the cameras stop working ? '' 
 when john only looked stony in response to his questions , he nodded at lockyer , who grabbed john 's right wrist , and handcuffed it to the chair , with the help of another . 
 young , on the other side , failed to restrain the twisting figure in the chair , and was hit instead . 
 john was tied to a chair , the panic was in him , and he started fighting . 
 his left fist was brought into play first , but then he discovered that the chair could be lifted and swung with the right arm . 
 it made a fearsome weapon , and his speed and fury were awesome . 
 only nicholls escaped from the room , four others were fallen . 
 one tried to rise , and the chair crashed down on him again . 
 buller was stunned at the swift defeat of five soldiers . 
 bedville smiled slightly . 
 `` release him ? '' 
 he asked buller . 
 buller inclined his head in defeat , `` release him . '' 
 john was still struggling against the restraint , hurling the chair at the window now , as if that might free him . 
 his wrist streamed with blood . 
 he was not seeing , not sensible , though he ignored the fallen men as long as they remained motionless . 
 zack was brought in to the observation room , staring awestruck through the window at the man he 'd been in charge of for so many months . 
 `` he 's gone mad ! '' 
 he said quietly . 
 mark shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think so , and you 're his friend . 
 come straight back out if he threatens you , but try and persuade him to let you take the handcuffs off . '' 
 he flinched as the chair crashed into the window again . 
 zack edged quietly into the room , trying to talk to john . 
 john crashed the chair at him , but it went to the side . 
 again , this time to the other side . 
 zack went on talking , watching him closely . 
 he tripped over one of the fallen men , unable to dodge , and the chair came crashing down - on the floor next to him . 
 john was breathing fast , still in a panic . 
 zack slipped out the door . 
 `` try clare ? '' 
 he suggested . 
 back in the interrogation room , lockyer suddenly tried to reach the door . 
 unerringly , the chair came crashing down on his back . 
 john was still a moment , fighting to remove the handcuffs , continually jerking his wrist against the chair , held in his other hand . 
 but his relative selfcontrol seemed to desert him again , and he started beating the chair against the floor , totally ignoring the injury he was causing himself . 
 the chair was beginning to disintegrate . 
 mark watched closely , flinching as the chair came crashing against the window again . 
 a crack now ran across the toughened glass . 
 clare paused , looking at her terrified lover , and the bodies strewn around him . 
 none were unconscious , each of them just lying very still , and waiting . 
 silently , forster handed her a key . 
 clare nodded . 
 john was backed up against a wall , whitefaced , and trembling again . 
 clare held up the key . 
 `` i 'm going to take off the handcuffs , john , and then you can be calm again . '' 
 john stared at her , but did n't move as she slowly approached . 
 she undid the handcuff , and he held his wrist , the blood streaming between his fingers . 
 `` come to me , '' she said , and put her arms around him . 
 he was still silent , trembling , but did n't resist the embrace . 
 when mark entered , she calmly asked if she could take john to her room . 
 mark nodded . 
 his four familiar escorts followed , and then took up station outside her room . 
 clare held him close and comforted him . 
 they had hardly ever before watched in her room at the time the action happened , but now she could be in danger from the subject , and she was watched . 
 the pair sat on the edge of the bed , until john was suddenly crying in her arms . 
 when his sobs finally ceased , it was nicki who came in and tended to the hurt wrist . 
 `` i 'll take you back to your room when you 're ready , '' clare said . 
 john looked at the floor and spoke in a low voice . 
 `` they 'll probably kill me now . '' 
 clare held him close , and stroked his head . 
 `` they wo n't kill you . 
 i do n't think anyone 's even badly hurt . '' 
 `` one day they 'll kill me , and then i 'll be just their specimen to dissect . '' 
 clare pulled him closer . 
 she took him back to his room after a while , and he squeezed her hand , thanked her in a low , shamed voice , and went inside . 
 he was not locked in until dark , but all afternoon , he never tried his door , just sat in a chair , staring into the distance , and , more often than not , was seen to be trembling . 
 his evening meal was brought to him in his room . 
 afterward , mark went to see him . 
 he shook his head at josephs as he started to follow him into his room . 
 mark spoke in a carefully neutral tone . 
 `` john , let 's just sit a while , and talk . '' 
 john nodded . 
 mark noticed that again , he was trembling . 
 john stared at the floor and said , `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 mark leaned forward and touched his shoulder . 
 `` the men are only bruised , a couple have a few cracked ribs . '' 
 john still would n't look at him . 
 `` i panicked . '' 
 mark smiled slightly . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone panic in quite such a spectacular fashion . '' 
 john glanced up . 
 he 'd expected severe punishment . 
 mark said , `` can i make you a coffee ? '' 
 john stood , `` i 'll make it , '' and mark watched as he prepared two coffees , only feeling around a touch for the milk in the small fridge , scarcely bothering looking when he could n't see in any case . 
 `` biscuits ? '' 
 mark accepted a fancy chocolate biscuit . 
 john smiled suddenly . 
 `` it 's lyn , she does the room and keeps me supplied . 
 i seem to be getting fancier and fancier biscuits . '' 
 mark laughed . 
 `` so if clare vanished , you 'd have lyn for company . '' 
 john shook his head . 
 `` lyn 's about sixty . 
 she would like to mother me . '' 
 mark said , `` you know , if you wanted to keep me in charge of you , you could n't have done better . 
 you cooperated beautifully this morning when my philosophy was followed . 
 but the general insisted that forster try his methods . 
 you made a fiasco of his interrogation . 
 mine may not have been any more effective , but at least no-one was hurt . '' 
 john was beginning to relax . 
 `` was it your idea , offering a prize of a green shirt ? '' 
 `` did you see through that ? '' 
 john touched the red shirt he wore . 
 `` i love this color , but green would be nice for a change . '' 
 mark thought that he was doing well . 
 john was a lot more relaxed . 
 it had hurt mark , a little , when he 'd seen him tell clare that one day he 'd be just their specimen to dissect . 
 is that what he really thought ? 
 he spoke seriously . 
 `` john , as long as you behave reasonably , you have nothing to fear from us . 
 i know you think we 're your jailers , and so we are . 
 but we are not inhumane . 
 you will not have to suffer cruel treatment as long as i 'm in charge , and i do not expect anyone else to be put in charge after today . '' 
 john 's eyes were on mark , and mark wondered if he was feeling for the sincerity behind his words . 
 he added , `` even today . 
 i admit you were treated cruelly , but i do n't think general buller understood your terror of being tied up . 
 you were never in danger of being beaten or otherwise seriously mistreated . '' 
 he rose . 
 `` you will not be punished . 
 you ca n't ride tomorrow , but it 's only because both adam and ernest are down with flu . '' 
 john rose , and said , `` mark , thank you . '' 
 mark smiled . 
 `` i 'll just have another of those biscuits . 
 they do n't give me biscuits like that . '' 
 john told himself firmly the following morning that there was no point being embarrassed at his ridiculous behavior , he could n't hide , and he could n't run . 
 so he put a brave face on things , apologized to zack , thankful that the chair had n't hit him , and when the time came , strolled over to where sergeant davies roared at the men to get ready , as they were doing thirty miles today , bruises or not . 
 he watched for a while , waving in answer to the called greetings . 
 `` they 've been fighting , '' he remarked to zack . 
 zack grinned . 
 he 'd been fighting , too , though the bruises did n't show . 
 a major brawl between a force and b force . 
 a few were still in the lockup . 
 a few were out of action entirely . 
 ` the martian ' had been hurt by b force . 
 b force said that four of their number had been injured by the martian . 
 a force reckoned that john was theirs , and b force declared that they had every intention of shooting him the moment they had an excuse . 
 zack did n't explain , only saying that soldiers could be as irresponsible as anyone else when they chose . 
 `` can i come ? '' 
 john called to davies , as they prepared to depart . 
 `` do n't be silly ! '' 
 said davies , as he always did . 
 `` i could hardly escape from the middle of forty or so soldiers , '' said john to zack . 
 but zack just shrugged . 
 he did n't know what john could do , and thought that it would be very foolish indeed for him to be allowed outside , even with the escort of forty soldiers . 
 there was only zack and lance with him that day , as both bob and rudy were down with flu . 
 the ranks among the soldiers were diminished for the same reason . 
 john 's wrist was bandaged , and when he jumped to the lowermost branch of his favorite tree , he swore , and dropped back to the ground . 
 discontentedly , he sat at the base instead . 
 `` wrist sore ? '' 
 lance asked . 
 john nodded and reddened . 
 `` i was incredibly stupid yesterday . 
 it serves me right . '' 
 zack joined them . 
 `` i heard you did warn them , '' he said , `` they deserved a few bruises . '' 
 john cast him a scant , sidelong glance . 
 `` i 'm very glad i did n't hurt you . '' 
 zack said calmly , `` you were n't trying . 
 i 've seen the film . 
 you quite deliberately missed me . '' 
 john was surprised , `` did i ? '' 
 zack nodded . 
 john 's blush deepened . 
 `` i hope i did . 
 i was n't thinking straight . '' 
 `` going to see clare later ? '' 
 john nodded . 
 `` you ca n't not see people just because you 've made a fool of yourself , '' and added , `` mind you , if i was a free man , i 'd be in australia by now , and never face anyone again ! '' 
 lance laughed and punched him lightly on his arm . 
 `` you make life interesting ! '' 
 john grinned and looked up at his tree . 
 the leaves would be thick enough soon . 
 ****** chapter 14 : isaac 's voice was still a croak when he remarked to mark that it was fairly obvious that john was n't getting flu , in spite of the deliberate exposure . 
 he 'd tried three times . 
 mark said , `` you 're better yourself ? '' 
 isaac nodded , `` a lot better now , just my voice . '' 
 mark said thoughtfully that it might be worthwhile not leaving that particular report in the file , in case others in the future attempted to use him to develop antibodies or something . 
 isaac looked at him in surprise , and mark said , `` remember , he 's just a young man , and i wo n't always be in charge of him , and neither will you . '' 
 isaac 's curiosity was apt to make him forget the consequences of his research sometimes , but mark 's measured words were enough to convince him to drop this part of his reports . 
 rudy made it back to work , and lance went down to flu . 
 zack was still fit , but a new guard was introduced to john . 
 timothy was very big , and very black . 
 john liked him immediately . 
 he was much younger than the others , and john found him good to play with , though he could n't lure him into the outdoor pool . 
 `` too cold , '' he said , ignoring john 's accusations of cowardice . 
 even the heated indoor pool was not well patronized . 
 with the flu epidemic , there were often not enough people available to have the specified number in the pool with john , in case he was struck with the head pain . 
 john said optimistically to zack that it 'd probably never happen again . 
 it was nearly a month since his last escape attempt , and longer than that since that terrible time when he 'd been down for so long . 
 he was n't trying to practise what he termed his telekinesis though , in case it made him sick . 
 the strategy of using it only when needed , had worked well last time , and he hoped it would again . 
 it would be very soon , he thought . 
 just another few days and the leaves would be thick enough . 
 the short staffing could only help . 
 quite a few of the soldiers were doing jobs they were not accustomed to . 
 isaac , when consulted , agreed that the extra precautions were no longer needed , and john could go swimming as long as one good swimmer joined him in the pool , and there were two personal guards . 
 there was an ulterior motive . 
 timothy was a champion swimmer . 
 it was the reason he was now one of john 's personal guards , as isaac was curious to discover just how well john could swim . 
 they knew he was fast and smooth , but timothy was to lure him into racing . 
 nearly every day , with the reduced safety requirements , john could swim , indulging in horseplay with timothy , and sometimes playing a rather rough game of something like water polo . 
 john was the more agile and had quicker reflexes , but he sometimes lost sight of the ball or goal posts , and timothy 's long arms gave him a big advantage . 
 they 'd become close very quickly , enjoying each other 's company . 
 isaac had his wish , and john and timothy were competing a couple of days later , a fifteen hundred meters race , several soldiers barracking for their chosen favorites . 
 john 's smooth stroke suddenly broke , and he turned toward the side of the pool . 
 zack ? 
 zack heard the frightened voice in his mind , as his charge reached up a hand for him . 
 his friend pulled him out of the pool , and john staggered a little , looking uncertainly around . 
 he was frightened of the pain that he knew was about to hit . 
 it had lasted so long the last time . 
 `` do n't worry ! '' 
 said zack , and put an arm around him . 
 `` it wo n't be so bad this time , '' as if he knew . 
 john looked at his face , trusting his word , though for no good reason , zack thought , wrenched with pity . 
 but then john jerked as if he 'd been struck , and his legs no longer supported him . 
 zack lowered him as gently as he could , and just waited until he stopped moving . 
 he always tossed himself about to begin with , until he was able to stay still and just wait , enduring the terrible pain until it stopped . 
 timothy was out of the pool by now , and others stood around , staring . 
 zack sent them back . 
 the less disturbance the better , and people too close disturbed him . 
 zack had seen this a few times now . 
 before isaac came , he made a phone call . 
 the specialist would be on his way within the hour . 
 although the placement of the location device under the muscles of john 's upper arm would not be difficult , the device would provide more information than just his location , and the probes had to be very carefully placed without doing damage . 
 as it happened , zack 's assurance to john happened to be correct , and it was less than an hour before his body relaxed into unconsciousness . 
 the first thing that isaac did was to give him an injection , even before taking him to the operating theatre . 
 the operation did n't take long , and when the surgeon left , he was cautioned again about the need for secrecy . 
 he was curious , but contained his curiosity , only asking to check john 's legs that had been damaged by bullet wounds not so long ago . 
 he remembered it well . 
 john was back in ward 3 , and was to be kept under heavy sedation until the arm wound healed . 
 he was not to know that he now could be tracked wherever he went . 
 he would not know , either , that isaac had a continuing measure of blood pressure , pulse , and muscle tension . 
 from now on , the film stored would be matched with notes and graph lines on the bottom , that gave physiological information . 
 isaac could n't wait to see how it worked , though mark fretted about the ethics of it , even when he deemed it essential . 
 the small wound healed quickly , and just four days after the operation , isaac removed the intravenous drip . 
 he could wake up now . 
 zack remembered that he should not allow his loyalties to be divided , as he 'd said sternly to timothy when a reported conversation seemed very brief . 
 he told isaac that john had called to him , telepathically . 
 it was a valuable piece of information . 
 john was up and about quite quickly , allowed to ride on bess , but not outside the compound as adam and ernie were not yet fully fit . 
 it was a nasty flu bug , and tended to leave people feeling lethargic for weeks . 
 he chose a day when timothy and bob were on , just two . 
 timothy had always been a bit careless , and bob was suffering the after effects of flu and might not be as conscientious as usual . 
 they were accustomed to john disappearing into his tree , and thought it amusing when he took up slices of bread to feed the parent birds . 
 john felt very carefully for the cameras . 
 they moved them around sometimes , though not , thankfully , this time . 
 his red shirt was left as a decoy , and then , taking as much care as possible not to be seen , he started working his way carefully from tree to tree toward the soldiers ' barracks . 
 there were some cameras that needed to stop working , though when he tried to do that , he told them in his mind to freeze at the scene they had , and added that tiny surge of the mind that was his power . 
 he was pretty sure he 'd done it right , though it would be better , of course , if he could practise and see his results . 
 in an empty soldier 's room , john stole a camouflage uniform , tilting his head and squinting , trying to put the scarcely visible uniform on correctly . 
 the broken pattern was very difficult for him . 
 he touched his hair , but was lucky to find scissors to cut it . 
 no soldier had a long pony tail . 
 the staff always showed id tags when they came and went . 
 jimmy had shown him once until rudy interfered , suspicious of john 's motives . 
 john had one , stolen two days before , though he hoped hank would n't get into too much trouble . 
 but hank was coughing and sneezing , and maybe would n't leave his room for a few days . 
 feeling for the presence of those around him , john , looking as anonymous as he could , strolled confidently and casually toward the gate . 
 he used his power again , to wish the guard inspecting his id not to look at him closely , that he was right to pass . 
 the guard opened the gate for him , and he passed through . 
 one to go and he 'd be out of the compound . 
 when the alarms started shrieking , he looked around casually . 
 `` a false alarm , do you think ? '' 
 he asked the soldier , luckily a stranger to him . 
 `` probably , '' said the gate man , `` but you 'll have to wait now . 
 no-one in or out while the alarm is on . '' 
 `` pest , '' said john . 
 `` i was supposed to be waiting on the road . 
 a friend was to pick me up . '' 
 he wished that the guard would decide to let him out , and again tried to add that tiny surge of the power he did n't himself understand . 
 the guard looked at him , undecided , even started to open the gate . 
 but then he raised a hand , `` just a moment , '' and lifted his zoster to his ear . 
 john swore bitterly to himself , especially when he heard the guard say that there was no-one he could see close , just a single soldier waiting to leave . 
 the guard said in a surprised voice , `` of course i wo n't let him go . 
 i know the regulations . '' 
 john had failed again , but just in case , he leaned casually against the wall of the guard box and put his hands in his pockets . 
 when a jeep came fast toward the gates , and more soldiers seemed to come running from all directions , he tried wishing that he was in hallsville , which he knew to be the nearest town . 
 he added the surge of power . 
 but nothing at all happened , except that the jeep was allowed through the first gate . 
 abruptly , john remembered that soldiers never casually leaned against walls when in the presence of officers , and straightened , saluting , though it was something he had n't thought to practice . 
 mark was stalking past to talk to the guard on the gate , ignoring the anonymous soldier . 
 abruptly he stopped , peering . 
 `` sorry , john . '' 
 john sighed , `` yeah . 
 me , too . '' 
 mark took him back in the jeep . 
 `` back to ward 3 , i suppose ? '' 
 he asked mark . 
 mark nodded , `` for the moment . '' 
 he looked irritably at his subject , `` i ca n't understand how the guards did n't stop you . '' 
 john said casually , `` it was not their fault , i was in disguise . '' 
 `` what disguise ? '' 
 said mark , skeptically . 
 `` wearing a uniform should n't have fooled them . '' 
 `` i cut my hair . 
 they did n't know me because i cut my hair . '' 
 mark reached out , pulled off the uniform hat and laughed . 
 `` that 's the worst haircut i 've ever seen ! '' 
 `` i 've never done it before , '' explained john . 
 mark shook his head . 
 the driver chuckled , and john leaned forward . 
 `` by the way , jack , i was wondering if you might teach me to drive . '' 
 jack glanced in the mirror at the colonel , `` unlikely , i suspect . '' 
 timothy and lance were in trouble for losing their prisoner . 
 timothy had to climb the tree and retrieve the red shirt , although crashing to the ground afterward and hurting his ankle . 
 timothy was no longer feeling at all friendly toward john . 
 once back in ward 3 , john was deprived of the soldier uniform and the supplies of bread and chocolate biscuits in the pockets , and mark started to question him . 
 instead of a rough battering of questions , he tried relaxing him by sharing a coffee , but while john was perfectly prepared to act as if he was a friend , almost the only thing that he would say was that the soldiers should not be blamed . 
 mark gave up , leaned back in his chair , and said that he 'd have to visit the barber , as his hair looked appalling . 
 john reached up , and felt the ragged ends , but then stood , swaying , and looking around him in some panic . 
 the few seconds when he knew the pain was about to strike were always terrifying , especially as he did n't know whether he 'd be down for an hour or a month . 
 mark had n't seen it before , except on film , and knelt beside him when he staggered violently and fell , grabbing his hand , feeling john 's finger nails bite hard into his own hand , drawing blood . 
 it was another very long bout of illness , periods of unconsciousness , sometimes a brief awakening , and then the pain would hit again . 
 mark looked in most days , but isaac kept john as much as possible in the quiet and half dark , especially when he was in that distant world where the only reality was pain . 
 after the second week , there were painkilling drugs and an intravenous drip , although that was violently pulled out a couple of times . 
 a nurse stayed in attendance , nicki mostly in the daytime , whom john seemed to like , as well as always at least one of his personal guards . 
 there was plenty of time to analyze the escape attempt at leisure , and to equip far more of the guards with rabs , so that they could instantly know the position of the subject . 
 the grid pattern on the calculator sized gadget showed the area of the compound , and the scale could be changed to show the whole area of army land , or it could show a detailed segment , so that john 's position could be checked very accurately . 
 it was a sophisticated and expensive device that mark now deemed essential . 
 they called it a rab 2 . 
 rab 1 was what john carried unknowingly tucked behind the muscles of his right upper arm , and the faceless men who worked behind the scenes had rab 3s . 
 the rab 3 was much larger , and gave the measures of muscle tension , pulse and blood pressure as well as location , though there was a pocket version , too , but that showed only the medical information . 
 the guards were only told that it was a location device , so that john , if he read their minds , would not know that it gave additional information as well . 
 time and again , as john lay helplessly sick , film of his attempted escape was run , and compared to the readings of pulse , blood pressure and muscle tension . 
 there was a subtle change now and then , that seemed to correspond with times when john had success that he should n't have had , cameras that failed , and guards on the gate that accepted an obviously false id . 
 was this the physiological indication that accompanied use of his strange power ? 
 there was a certain admiration as well . 
 he was obviously not superman , but he had courage . 
 there was film of the casual walk of just another soldier , whom they now knew to have been the subject , but they had readings of pulse and muscle tension , and could even see where there 'd been a jolt of alarm as the siren sounded . 
 and yet the posture remained apparently relaxed . 
 the guard had nearly allowed him out , they suspected , even after the siren . 
 mark was having increasing concerns about division of loyalties among his men . 
 he knew himself how he 'd come to care for his prisoner , a mixture of admiration for his spirit and pity for his situation . 
 it had been heart wrenching , even for a tough professional soldier like himself , when john had gripped him so hard when the pain struck . 
 it did n't make any difference . 
 the colonel was still convinced . 
 john was something different , and he could not be allowed to escape from their hands . 
 it was infinitely better that he died than that he was free , with the potential to do unimaginable things . 
 but better than that , they really needed to try and find out just what was his power . 
 timothy was one of those who did his shift in ward 3 . 
 his anger at john had not outlived the sight of him in such terrible pain . 
 he wondered if anything would come of the anonymous letter he 'd sent to the british embassy about the detention of one of their citizens as a prisoner . 
 he suspected not . 
 john 's existence would just be denied . 
 they learned something more before john was finally over the latest illness . 
 there were a couple of short-lived attacks of pain after the main episode , almost like aftershocks . 
 an observant technician noticed a subtle change in the readings that seemed to occur up to half an hour before john felt anything unusual . 
 if they were right , they would have warning when john was about to go down , much more than the few seconds that john mostly seemed to have . 
 ****** chapter 15 : it was full summer when john was again out and about , again very thin , again weak , tiring easily . 
 he could n't work out how he 'd been detected , and could n't get any hints . 
 things had been going so well . 
 finally , he concluded that the cameras he thought he 'd stopped had just kept going . 
 he had to practice his telekinesis . 
 he could n't rely on doing it right when he was trying something for the first time . 
 he shivered at the thought of the penalty , the head pain that cursed him afterward , but this time , just as soon as he was a little stronger , he was going to practice . 
 mark and isaac had a serious talk with him one day , asking just how he planned to survive outside . 
 he had no money , his sight was too poor to get a job , and he needed expert care on a regular basis , whenever he was sick . 
 he would either starve to death , or die under a bush somewhere when he went down to the pain . 
 john said they were obviously quite right , they looked after him very well when he was sick , and he 'd try and be more content . 
 isaac smiled at him with surprised relief . 
 mark looked at him with a great deal of suspicion . 
 later , in bed , clare probed for his real feelings , but her serious questions about his feelings were evaded , as they usually were . 
 she asked him instead , what he thought he 'd been in life before the amnesia , and he laughed and said it was obviously not a barber . 
 she tried asking him what he thought his skills might be , as old knowledge and some old skills had obviously been retained . 
 john cocked his head , looked at her half teasing , and said that he thought he 'd been a professional surfer , as he 'd watched a film of surfers , and he knew just when to catch the wave . 
 whether or not he was serious , the surfing world was checked for mysteriously missing young men , who might have had long hair . 
 john was surprised that his movements had n't been limited . 
 instead , his freedom was increased a little . 
 he was allowed to the store , where small items such as combs and shampoo , as well as confectionary could be purchased . 
 he was never allowed any money , but it seemed he had credit . 
 his guards had power of veto over any purchases , and things like scissors , pocket knives and green t-shirts were not allowed . 
 they did let him buy a small backpack , though , which surprised him . 
 there was a library , too , and he went in one day , zack with him , bob and timothy taking up position outside . 
 it was only zack who saw him fondle the books and even take one out . 
 he touched the pages gently , as if with affection , but he was holding the book upside down . 
 he put it back , but later asked isaac if he could try glasses again . 
 this time , he did n't just have a stab of pain , he fell to his knees , momentarily blacking out . 
 they tried encouraging him again to attend the sunday church services , but did n't compel him . 
 father herley was prompted by general buller , and obediently volunteered to see him alone in order to give him spiritual comfort . 
 john politely declined , saying to his guards after that he could n't think of anything worse than listening to an ignorant man try to offer ` spiritual comfort . ' 
 timothy was shocked , being religious himself . 
 clare probed later , and discovered that he did indeed seem familiar with the basic tenets of the christian faith , even though indifferent . 
 he was letting his hair grow longer again , although it had been trimmed a little more evenly . 
 when questioned , he said that it had always been long , that it seemed right like that . 
 he thought that he could always cut it again if he wanted to look more ordinary , though he did n't say that . 
 he fully expected to be stopped the day he was strong enough again to leap to the lowest tree branch of his favorite tree . 
 but his guards only looked at each other and let him go . 
 he did n't notice that rudy was keeping a close watch on something small in his hand . 
 the baby birds were trying to muster courage for their first flight , and john watched and felt , half seeing , half simply knowing their presence . 
 he felt more at home surrounded by the friendly strength of his tree than he ever did indoors . 
 quite suddenly , a few days later , it seemed that strength came flowing back , and he took advantage of the guards ' leniency to leave his tree , out of sight in the heavy foliage , and make his way to a vantage point where he could watch the soldiers at target practice . 
 then he perched and waited . 
 he knew the soldiers ' presence , and images would come to him suddenly , clearly , and then die away again . 
 patiently , he waited . 
 his vision had always been like this , and he accepted it as normal for him , though isaac was beginning to guess at the reality , that he borrowed images from other minds for his own use . 
 the red shirt was left in the other tree , though he did n't expect his guards to still be fooled by that trick . 
 but he felt , looked down , and saw rudy just underneath his tree . 
 looking through the leaves , he saw that the two others were also close . 
 he frowned and felt for cameras . 
 the tree was friendly , and he thought he could feel if there was a camera attached . 
 he was sure no-one was looking at him . 
 silently , he moved away . 
 his guards followed , and again , he was sure that no camera looked at him , and he should have been invisible . 
 he sat a while , watching . 
 rudy , far below him , make a grinning comment to bob , and suddenly he saw an image of a blinking dot on a gridded map . 
 he knew now ; he was marked , probably in his clothing . 
 he made a test , stripping off every stitch of clothing while in one tree , and then moving away , waiting . 
 the guards consulted their devices , and followed . 
 slowly , scarcely believing , he felt over his body . 
 not in his clothing , in himself . 
 almost automatically , he returned to the first tree and dressed . 
 it was too bad for tears but tears wet his face anyway . 
 how could he escape now ? 
 recklessly , angrily , he focused his gaze on a single dead tree a hundred yards away , and after a while , it crashed to the ground , to the sudden alarm of his guards . 
 john felt a brief satisfaction . 
 maybe he could feel the intrusive thing inside him , and then make it vanish . 
 and maybe he 'd wreck himself if he tried that . 
 his power did n't always work , and there had been times when he 'd tried to make something vanish , and something next to it vanished instead . 
 and , anyway , if it stopped working , the bastards might just replace it . 
 or maybe just cut their losses and decide it was time for the dissection . 
 once , in the night , it had occurred to him that they might try things while he was rendered helpless - vivisection , but that dark thought was put away . 
 mark and isaac would n't do that to him , surely . 
 on the other hand , he would not have expected them to do this to him , either . 
 not trying to hide , and quite swiftly , he made his way through the treetops toward the fence , sometimes swinging from boughs , more often climbing , knowing as if by instinct which branches would support his weight . 
 he finally dropped too heavily to the ground and rolled , before walking as hard as he could around the perimeter fence , not taking any notice of his guards , hurriedly following . 
 later , in the gymnasium , he viciously attacked the punching bag , and when a laughing pair of soldiers pulled hank toward him , saying that hank was ready for his fight now , he said that right now he was far too dangerous and hank might get killed . 
 he was not joking , and they looked at his face and backed off . 
 his guards had been tickled pink with their rabs , a little jocular - john would n't be able to outwit them now . 
 john did n't think he 'd be able to outwit them , either , but he did n't think it funny . 
 to him , it was deadly serious . 
 they stayed only as close as they needed to be that day . 
 when the shift changed , there were some quiet words , and the new shift was warned . 
 john did n't even go and see clare , although he never , normally , missed a day . 
 he had his evening meal in the staff dining room , as always , but picked at his meal and sat at a table alone . 
 jimmy started to approach him , but rudy intervened , shaking his head at him . 
 it was still light outside afterward in the warm summer evening , but john always had to return to his room straight after dinner to be locked in for the night . 
 this time , he hesitated , standing staring out over the compound . 
 what if he simply refused to go ? 
 they 'd hit him with the stun gun or something , he supposed . 
 they stood around , waiting , fingers crossed . 
 he started trembling , wishing desperately for escape , unable to do anything about it . 
 even now , he was on camera , and mark watched , prepared for a crisis . 
 it was unfortunate that clare had left for the night . 
 mark suspected she might be the only one who could handle him now without brute force . 
 he was sure he knew the problem , having watched film and heard the reports . 
 john knew now that he was marked , and was not taking the knowledge easily . 
 rudy 's zoster vibrated . 
 a warning to the guards from the men whom john never saw - the subject was very tense . 
 avoid confrontation if at all possible . 
 john felt himself quite unable to submit to being locked up that night . 
 for more minutes , he just stood , trembling . 
 his guards waited . 
 zack was n't on duty , but broke the deadlock , arriving casually , a film in hand , going straight to his friend and taking his arm . 
 he asked if he could come and watch the latest nick kingsley film with him . 
 john looked at his friend as if he scarcely saw him , and then nodded , to everyone 's profound relief . 
 zack stayed with him for most of the evening . 
 john just sat , staring blindly at the film when zack put it on . 
 afterwards , when john made no moves to go to bed , he quietly put on another one . 
 `` do you want me to go ? '' 
 he asked . 
 but john shook his head . 
 there was such a pain within him , and he thought he might explode with it if left to himself . 
 `` you 'll be able to go riding tomorrow , '' zack mentioned . 
 `` adam 's still off sick , but this time they 've found someone to take his place . '' 
 john nodded . 
 `` riding helps . '' 
 zack finally rose , touched him briefly on the shoulder , and left . 
 there were four guards at his door that night , rather than the usual two . 
 ****** chapter 16 john remained restless and morose . 
 he rode still , and saw clare every day , but did n't have the spirit any longer to irritate davies , or to join in the activities of the soldiers . 
 his telekinesis became more unreliable . 
 he asked to have his meals in his room for a while , and his request was granted . 
 he was deeply depressed . 
 the next time he felt the first warning that the pain was about to bring him down , his gaze fixed on bob 's holstered handgun . 
 the handgun would blow his head to bits , he thought . 
 they 'd have nothing interesting left to dissect . 
 and his head would never hurt again . 
 but by the time the attack was over , there was a change in the way his guards were armed . 
 now the close guards no longer wore handguns , but there were an additional two , who never came too close , who did . 
 his intention had been guessed at . 
 in his despair , he took himself to his tree and tried to make the power come and explode him , so then there 'd be nothing left . 
 but nothing happened . 
 nothing happened increasingly these days , when he tried to do things . 
 it would be autumn soon , and then the leaves would fall , and then there would not be a minute of the day when he could not be watched . 
 two weeks after his discovery that he was marked , while he breakfasted in his room , the buzzer sounded . 
 john was a well trained prisoner these days , and just rose and waited where he was supposed to . 
 mark came in , greeted him casually , and said that they should sit down while he finished his breakfast . 
 john had n't seen him for weeks , and regarded him with a distinct hostility . 
 mark was daunted , and wondered if , after all , he should have been accompanied by the guards . 
 but then john only sighed and sat down . 
 `` you 've been depressed lately , '' mark started . 
 john shrugged . 
 it was impossible for him to hide anything , and maybe it was n't worth trying . 
 mark said that no-one always had exactly what they wanted , that content was being satisfied with what was possible . 
 john glanced at him , wishing him to oblivion . 
 and then he laughed suddenly , bitterly . 
 mark looked his question . 
 john answered , `` i 've either got you , or i get someone a lot worse . 
 no point wishing you to hades ! '' 
 mark was quiet , and then spoke frankly , abruptly , `` are you suicidal ? '' 
 john said indifferently , `` only if i can think of a way that does n't leave a body to be gloated over . '' 
 mark sat back stiffly . 
 `` no-one would be gloating over your body . '' 
 john glanced at him , `` sorry , '' but then looked down again . 
 he could n't even cry . 
 there was no privacy to even cry . 
 he thought it might be the worst thing . 
 even in the treetops , they would hear if he let himself cry as he needed to . 
 mark took a small bottle of tablets from his pocket . 
 `` i know you do n't like drugs , but these would be under your own control . 
 isaac says just one with breakfast every morning will help . '' 
 he looked directly at john . 
 `` no-one wants you to be miserable . 
 you know you ca n't be allowed free , but i am your friend , even if you ca n't think of me that way . 
 i want what 's best for you . '' 
 john reached forward , and accepted the small bottle , turning it over and over in his hands . 
 when he looked back at mark , his eyes were wet , but he said , `` thank you , '' and put the small bottle next to his coffee . 
 `` are you going to take them ? '' 
 mark asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 mark stood to leave , and only turned at the door . 
 `` if you take them all at once , it 'll make you as sick as a dog for a few days . 
 one a day , and ask isaac for more when they run out . '' 
 john picked up the bottle again after mark left , and again turned it over and over in his fingers . 
 drugs ? 
 and he was seriously considering it ? 
 where had his courage gone ? 
 casually , he tossed the bottle in the bin . 
 watching , isaac shook his head . 
 john looked up , and spoke direct to the camera , `` no way , you bastard ! '' 
 adam and ernie had a rough ride that day , as john 's horse seemed to be full of the devil , bucking and kicking and rearing . 
 adam lost the rein once , and finally said that if john could n't make his horse behave , they 'd have to go back . 
 at this , the horse threw himself into a gallop , and the three raced around the track , as they 'd done so often before . 
 john wanted to ride close to the barracks of b force as they returned , outside the fence of course , but looking over at the men he did n't know . 
 they looked back , staring , curious . 
 his horse seemed to be misbehaving again , backing itself around , and suddenly lashing out with its heels , striking the fence again and again . 
 ernie said , `` for god 's sake , john , behave yourself ! '' 
 john held out his free hands . 
 `` what can i do ? 
 you have the reins . '' 
 but the gelding shook his head , and moved away from the bent fence . 
 he was n't hiding in his room any more , and presented himself in the staff dining room for lunch . 
 but he still did n't really want to talk to anyone , and chose a time when he knew few would be there . 
 a young man sat alone . 
 he wore casual civilian clothes , had rather straggly long hair and a beard . 
 john looked at him curiously , then carried his tray over and sat opposite him , greeting him and asking if he was new . 
 `` i came two days ago , '' said the man , and introduced himself as cecil . 
 `` my name 's john , '' said john , shaking his hand . 
 `` you must be a specialist . '' 
 cecil agreed , and nodded at the soldiers . 
 `` not a very friendly bunch , are they ? '' 
 john shrugged . 
 `` they 're all right when you get to know them . 
 do n't have much of a sense of humor sometimes . '' 
 there was an urgent consultation going on among people who watched the action and listened closely to the talk . 
 john appeared relaxed . 
 `` so anyway , what are you here for ? '' 
 cecil said , `` new cameras . 
 i 'm an expert at putting cameras in areas difficult to access . '' 
 john asked , `` like what ? '' 
 `` trees , mostly . 
 i climb trees very well , and for some reason , they want cameras in the trees . '' 
 `` did they tell you why ? '' 
 cecil shook his head . 
 `` need to know basis , they said , and i did n't need to know . '' 
 cecil looked at his new acquaintance , `` and you ? 
 what do you do ? '' 
 john said , `` sorry , classified information . '' 
 and then asked quickly , `` where else besides trees ? '' 
 zack sat down beside them . 
 john courteously introduced zack to cecil , mentioning that cecil was new . 
 cecil was enjoying his dinner , enjoying the fact that someone was finally being friendly . 
 zack was in a dilemma . 
 the visiting civilian did n't know why cameras were wanted , and was n't supposed to know . 
 but he was giving out too much information . 
 john said , `` where else besides trees ? '' 
 cecil started to answer , but zack interrupted . 
 `` everything 's secret here . 
 you ca n't say anything to anybody about what you do . '' 
 john said casually , `` do n't be silly , zack . 
 i 've been here forever . 
 there 's not many secrets from me . '' 
 and then to cecil , `` do n't worry about zack , he 's a bit paranoid , a security fanatic . 
 there 's nothing secret about trees and cameras . '' 
 and then he said , still casually , `` now , my work , of course . 
 it would n't do to have too many people knowing about the flu/ebola cross i 'm working on . '' 
 zack groaned . 
 cecil stared . 
 john continued , `` that 's what the tree cameras are for , of course , just in case any of the sick monkeys get out . '' 
 zack rose , `` come on , john . 
 that 's enough . 
 you 're going back to your room for a while . '' 
 bob and timothy were beside him . 
 john rose , winking at cecil , `` i told you they do n't have much of a sense of humor ! '' 
 cecil had to eat in the officers ' dining room after that , and found them even less friendly than the soldiers . 
 the limited explanation of the reason for the facility they gave him sounded not quite credible to him , the dismissal of john 's words seemed false , and when his mouth opened too far once he finished his two weeks ' work and left , it was flu/ebola crosses that he spoke of . 
 john was n't really punished , his minders too pleased that he seemed more cheerful . 
 they hoped that he might have finally resigned himself to an easy and pleasant captivity . 
 but john was working . 
 every day , very methodically , trying to make his power work and work consistently . 
 he paid the price , though the head pain seldom lasted more than a few hours at a time , and after a while , the frequency and severity of attacks began to diminish . 
 the backroom analysts included some who were not army , recruited to a different service for different reasons . 
 they were still theoretically under the command of colonel bedville , but made separate reports , as well . 
 they watched and drew their conclusions , and now suspected that the subject was trying to use that mysterious power , from that subtle change they saw in the readings , almost always when he was out of sight in the treetops . 
 the new cameras never showed anything . 
 as inconspicuous as they were , as cunningly hidden , he seemed to have a very good idea of their position . 
 they did n't know that he had a feeling , that the trees almost told him where there was a disturbance . 
 when the analysts gave in to temptation and tried to watch what he was doing as he did it , it only confirmed , for john , what he already knew . 
 he could smash those cameras when he chose , but what he really needed to do was to stop the rab working . 
 he even knew what it was called now , startling bob one day by dropping out of a tree almost on top of him while he was checking it , and asking what he called it . 
 bob looked at rudy , close by , and rudy said casually that it was just a rab , that they were testing them to see whether they might be better than the zoster communicators . 
 davies saw john most days , and john participated again in any activities that seemed sufficiently dangerous to be interesting . 
 he was reckless and davies was concerned , but the word was still to let him have as much freedom as possible . 
 he was still allowed to climb trees , still allowed to climb and swing on ropes , only when he swam were extra precautions taken , two swimmers in the water with him at all times . 
 there was no problem now , in the height of summer , the extra people needed easily recruited . 
 he fell once , from a tree , but he 'd already been rapidly descending , and only fell ten feet . 
 once , davies had a call , and changed his planned activities as requested . 
 twenty minutes later , john was writhing on the ground , pressing his fists to his forehead . 
 they could tell , for sure , when he was about to go down these days , the warning usually about thirty minutes , but sometimes a lot less . 
 ****** chapter 17 : major greenspan had been transferred , and the next in line , captain prendergast , blanched at the thought of taking over , but mark had to go into hospital for a hernia operation . 
 general buller said that of course , forster would take over . 
 he was willing , it was best not to let any new people know about facility 19 , and he assured mark that forster knew not to make any changes in policy . 
 mark protested , but the general clapped him on the shoulder and said jovially , `` what harm can he do in just ten days or so ? '' 
 two days later , forster dropped in , just to be brought up to date , he said . 
 mark refused to have john taken to ward 3 for closer observation , but agreed when he requested to see recent film of his activities . 
 he was especially interested in watching as the subject exercised in the gymnasium , or played with others in the pool . 
 there was a game of informal water polo that was now a regular thing , and john was an enthusiastic participant on every occasion he was n't ill . 
 forster would have liked to ask to see footage of john with clare , but could n't think of an excuse . 
 once he was in charge , of course , he could even make copies and take them home . 
 he knew it was top secret , but anyone accidentally seeing it would not know that it was anything special . 
 there were things that mark did n't bring to his attention , especially his worry that john was practising his mysterious power . 
 he emphasized his sickliness , instead , but regretted it when forster did n't sufficiently hide his pleasure when he watched film of john rolling on the ground in agony . 
 `` but what can we do ? '' 
 isaac said , when mark shared his worry . 
 mark looked at his friend soberly . 
 `` he 's having nightmares again . 
 he knows there 's something wrong , though no-one 's told him , of course . '' 
 isaac said , `` some would label him a sensitive . '' 
 `` and so he is , but a lot more than that , i think . '' 
 he added , `` i go in monday . '' 
 isaac nodded . 
 he already knew , less than a week now . 
 isaac stared out the window for a while , and finally stirred . 
 `` no matter what the general says , john will almost certainly come into conflict with forster . 
 forster wo n't be able to resist exercising his power . '' 
 he smiled slightly . 
 `` he wo n't risk john hitting him again , of course . '' 
 mark smiled as well . 
 he did n't like forster . 
 isaac continued . 
 `` anyway , what we have to do , i think , is knock him out until you 're back . '' 
 mark looked surprised . 
 `` keep him unconscious ? '' 
 `` it might keep him alive . '' 
 `` he 's going down fairly regularly at the moment , is n't he ? '' 
 `` every few days , it seems . 
 we 'll take no chances . 
 next time , he just wo n't wake up until you 're back . '' 
 mark shook his head . 
 `` he 's a responsibility . '' 
 they waited . 
 but john did n't go down . 
 when isaac referred to the attacks , john said optimistically that maybe it 'd never happen again . 
 he 'd said that before , every time he was free of them for a while . 
 as always , he refused to cooperate in any examination , although his weight was automatically recorded each time he stepped though the door of his bedroom . 
 sunday morning , they ran out of time . 
 forster was coming early . 
 john was to be confined to ward 3 until he arrived . 
 a quick check of the rabs located him in the library , and checking the appropriate screen showed a clear picture of him running his hand along the backs of books as if choosing one to read . 
 mark looked at isaac . 
 `` we 'll try and persuade him , but it 's going to wind up brute force , i suspect . 
 is it worth it ? '' 
 isaac looked very grim . 
 `` you 've seen forster drooling over him in the shower , you know the sort of film that interests him . 
 john 's best protection right now is to be safely unconscious in bed . '' 
 by the time isaac and mark started toward john , he was heading toward the swimming pool change room . 
 with isaac and mark , were zack , rudy and timothy , the guards john was closest to , although they 'd been supposed to be off duty . 
 they would keep their mouths shut and would follow orders , especially if they knew it was for john 's own protection . 
 the guards on duty would come in if needed . 
 but isaac hoped to persuade john to trust him and accept the injection . 
 after all , he 'd looked after him so often now , as his doctor , and he thought john should trust him . 
 he could n't tell him why he had to have an injection , though . 
 as few as possible must know that he was to be kept deliberately unconscious . 
 anyway , it was certain he would n't agree to being put to sleep for at least ten days . 
 john sat on a bench in the change-room . 
 he 'd already taken off shoes and socks , but was now involved in listening to rossi , one of the soldiers who worked in administration . 
 rossi had girl troubles . 
 nicholas and lance stood within the room , at either side of the door . 
 peter was outside , surprised that they were apparently about to be replaced . 
 john looked up as isaac and mark entered , followed by three more guards . 
 a quick word , and nicholas and lance left the room . 
 mark nodded at rossi , `` thank you , corporal , we just need to talk to john alone for a moment . '' 
 john stared , his eyes going to the three guards whom he knew so well , and who knew him so well . 
 he stood , moving softly , but quite quickly , to a different wall , where no bench might strike him in the back of the legs if he had to fight . 
 he 'd known that something was about to happen . 
 zack 's roster vibrated , and a warning voice cautioned that the subject was extremely tense . 
 isaac started talking . 
 john had to go to ward 3 . 
 he had to have an injection . 
 it was for his own good , and he just had to trust his doctor . 
 mark thought that isaac had made a basic mistake . 
 he thought that no mention should be made of any injection until it had been administered . 
 john was showing no trust at all . 
 his eyes flicked warily to the guards . 
 his face was calm , but he was trembling . 
 mark said , `` you have to trust us , john . 
 we 're acting for your safety . 
 trust us to keep you safe . '' 
 but john answered coldly , `` you can not be trusted . '' 
 mark said sadly , wearily , `` please , john . 
 you have to have an injection . 
 we ca n't tell you what it 's for , but believe me , it 's for your own good . '' 
 isaac stepped forward , soothing . 
 `` just a little pinprick , and it 'll all be over . '' 
 john raised his fists slightly . 
 his voice was still calm , `` no . '' 
 zack almost pleaded , `` john , we do n't want to have to hold you . '' 
 john replied , `` i did n't want to have to fight you , ever , but i will not submit to an injection . '' 
 mark said , trying to use a calming , reasonable tone , `` how about we go to ward 3 , and we 'll talk about it there . '' 
 john cast his eyes around , `` there 's less to trip over in here . 
 i think i 'd rather fight here if it 's all the same to you . '' 
 the guards started to spread out . 
 isaac said urgently , `` do n't use the stun guns ! '' 
 john 's trembling ceased . 
 now he stood tense , legs very slightly bent , very slightly on tiptoe , ready for an attack . 
 isaac and mark moved back , and isaac turned his back on john , as he pulled the prepared syringe from its container . 
 isaac 's zoster vibrated . 
 zack and rudy were starting to move in , one on each side , timothy faced john , and waited . 
 john was fully alert , knowing exactly where they were . 
 a step forward , and big timothy shook his head . 
 how was he on the floor ? 
 john was again backed up , to a different wall this time . 
 but there was nowhere to go , nowhere to run to . 
 isaac said loudly , `` wait ! '' 
 zack and rudy paused . 
 mark jerked his head , and the guards joined him at the door , timothy rather slowly , still dazed from the lightning blow . 
 the information was shared in a very low voice , the men watched warily by john . 
 john was going to go down . 
 all they had to do was wait . 
 no-one was attacking john now . 
 john dropped his fists , and put his head very slightly on one side , trying to work out why they 'd changed their minds . 
 mark said calmly that they 'd walk to ward 3 just as soon as john saw reason . 
 there was no hurry . 
 for ten minutes , they waited , john still tense , but puzzled . 
 he was n't about to see reason . 
 they should have known . 
 it was like being tied up . 
 he could n't see reason when he might be made helpless with a drug . 
 isaac left the room for a moment so that john would n't see him checking his pocket rab 3 . 
 indications were that he was still very ready to fight . 
 maybe it was because of his tension , but john appeared to feel no warning at all , just suddenly fell , convulsing in a violent fit . 
 they had him in his bed in ward 3 even before the spasms had completely died down , and an intravenous drip in place hardly any time after that . 
 it seemed that the pain was just too great for drugs to work , and john 's eyes opened , but glazed , and showing the agony he suffered . 
 isaac soothed . 
 john was scarcely aware . 
 the pain ceased and john 's body relaxed . 
 by the time forster strutted in , making no effort to be quiet , john lay unmoving , drugged . 
 the nurse , joe price , was just adjusting restraints around his wrists . 
 it would please forster , no doubt , as well as ensuring that the needle in his arm would stay in place . 
 isaac nodded at the drip . 
 `` to combat shock . 
 the pain he suffers is quite extreme . '' 
 forster looked . 
 `` how long is this likely to last ? '' 
 `` recent episodes have been only been about a half hour of pain , followed by an hour or two unconscious . 
 it 's unpredictable , of course , and i 've seen him suffer for fifteen hours nonstop , and almost continuous illness for over a month . '' 
 forster came closer , reached out , and stripped off the covers of the bed . 
 isaac tried hard to keep his face from registering his disgust . 
 forster ran a hand over bare ribs . 
 john always seemed thin , seldom well enough for long enough to put on a decent covering of flesh . 
 `` do n't you have to put in a tube in order to feed him ? '' 
 forster asked . 
 isaac said calmly that he did n't think that would be necessary , as he 'd probably be up and about fairly shortly . 
 forster nodded . 
 `` very well , call me if there 's any change . '' 
 as soon as he was gone , isaac covered the naked body again and set up for eeg monitoring . 
 john must not be allowed to wake up . 
 the screen that showed john on the bed was left on in mark 's office , now being used by forster . 
 a separate screen soon showed other film of john . 
 it was justified , of course , in forster 's mind . 
 the whole facility was because of john with his possible mysterious powers , and if sometimes he thought that maybe he should n't dwell quite so much on those instances when john was fighting or ill , he would caress the jaw that had been so badly broken , and forget his misgivings . 
 in the morning , forster visited early . 
 and again , he pulled down the covers . 
 now there was a urine bag . 
 isaac said calmly , `` he hates being helpless , and , of course , panics totally when he is restrained or when he has injections . '' 
 forster thought he concealed his satisfaction . 
 he was waiting for the time that john would wake up and fight against the restraints . 
 there was no change until the middle of the night . 
 nicki was acting as night nurse , and called isaac , urgently . 
 lance was in the room , as well , as guard . 
 john was fretting , probably a nightmare , and looked as if he was about to wake . 
 `` more sedative , straight away , and take off the restraints , '' said isaac . 
 `` i 'm coming . '' 
 nicki managed to get the restraints off just before john woke with a cry . 
 he wrenched himself out of bed , and stood , swaying uncertainly , back to the wall , in a defensive position that seemed instinctive to him . 
 he was looking confused , and when he saw isaac , said that he had to have a shower . 
 isaac nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 we 'll get it ready . 
 but how about you get back into bed while it 's prepared ? '' 
 john 's gaze wandered , and then he asked , rather pathetically , `` are you looking after me ? '' 
 isaac soothed , `` yes , i 'm looking after you , '' and suggested again that john get back into bed . 
 john looked at the bed . 
 `` i ca n't get back into bed . 
 the sheets have to be changed . '' 
 isaac said calmly , `` nicki , change the sheets , please . '' 
 the sheets were perfectly clean , but nicki shrugged and changed the sheets , quickly and efficiently . 
 when prompted again , john walked unsteadily to the bed and lay down . 
 his eyes found isaac 's , and he said plaintively , `` i do n't like it . '' 
 but his eyes closed even as tears trickled down his cheeks . 
 when he was securely asleep again , the various tubes and sensors were reattached , the restraints as well . 
 there was no further change , except that in the morning , when forster almost demanded it , the nurse inserted the nasogastric tube . 
 isaac said calmly , `` he hates the feeding tube . '' 
 forster shrugged , and uncovered john again . 
 `` look at the poor chap . 
 he 's far too thin . '' 
 when forster left , price awkwardly manoeuvred john into a pair of sleeping shorts . 
 price was not a particularly compassionate man , but saw no need for forster to see his patient 's nakedness . 
 forster was beginning to be frustrated . 
 he wanted some live action from the subject . 
 he knew he was n't supposed to provoke confrontation , but this was boring . 
 for several days , he left john alone , trying to satisfy himself with watching film of john and clare together . 
 he wished they would n't darken the room so much , or would be a bit more uninhibited . 
 surely under-the-cover action was old-fashioned , and neither of them were supposed to know there were cameras in clare 's room . 
 once , out of a dark curiosity , he watched the film of john 's lightning move when he 'd had his jaw broken . 
 not all the film of john ill and in pain , could reconcile him to that episode . 
 isaac was in contact with mark every day . 
 his recovery was proceeding well , though he admitted he was surprised at just how painful the wound had been , and just how little strength he seemed to have the first few days . 
 `` doctors tell lies , '' he said . 
 `` minor discomfort , my ass ! '' 
 isaac grinned . 
 doctors did tell lies . 
 what did he tell john not so long before ? 
 just a little pinprick , and it 'd all be over ? 
 the day before he was due to leave , forster visited john one more time , wishing he could think of an excuse to ban the use of sleeping shorts . 
 he liked seeing him as undignified as possible . 
 it should have been enough that he was helpless , restrained , and had the feeding tube he hated . 
 he reached across and touched the closed eyes . 
 `` i wonder if he knows that he was thoroughly raped not long before he was found . 
 it must have been several men , and it must have been quite brutal , as there was blood all over his buttocks . '' 
 he spoke musingly . 
 john 's eyes slowly opened and he looked at forster for a long moment , and then smiled slightly and closed his eyes again . 
 a technician in another room pointed to the pattern they 'd begun to think was that of john trying to use his power . 
 this time he was successful . 
 forster would be afflicted with boils , although they would n't start showing for a day or two . 
 there had been a change in the eeg readings , too , but it was disguised by the change caused by the brief awakening , and went unnoticed . 
 ****** chapter 18 : john came to himself slowly , and for a while just lay there trying to work out what had happened . 
 he touched his cheek . 
 he 'd been sick , it seemed , at least a week , from the feel of his face . 
 they never shaved him when he was sick , just in case he was tempted into doing it himself , without a razor . 
 carefully , dizzily , he pulled himself up . 
 isaac let down the side of his bed , but when he took his arm , john snarled at him , `` get away from me ! '' 
 isaac stood back . 
 john was convinced that this time he was not just sick . 
 they 'd done it to him , and maybe they 'd done other things to him . 
 john was filled with a roiling bitterness . 
 nicki put a cane in his hand , and he silently accepted it , using it to make his way to the shower . 
 he was very shaky and needed it . 
 but he snarled at zack , too , when he came close to help . 
 expressionless , zack stood back . 
 mark , in his office , was notified that john was awake , and flicked to the ward 3 screens . 
 john was in the bathroom , clinging to the washbasin with one hand and using an electric razor to shave with the other . 
 he looked up and mark jumped as the screen went blank , followed by two others situated in the bathroom . 
 it was n't anything inexplicable , just a fist . 
 by the time john came out , there was a breakfast on the table , and isaac was trying to tell him that everything was all right , that he should just have something to eat , and then he could go outside , or to his room , or whatever he wanted . 
 his soothing voice was ignored . 
 john just silently dressed , though he accepted nicki 's help to do the buttons and tie shoelaces . 
 he trembled too much to do them himself . 
 without a look at the breakfast , john went to the door , finding it unlocked . 
 it seemed that he had the same three guards who 'd helped isaac and mark make him sick . 
 zack , rudy , timothy . 
 rudy started to walk close as john staggered , but zack shook his head at him , and they spread out a little instead , wondering if he was about to collapse . 
 he was very pale , still shook , and was far too thin again . 
 all the same , he made it to his tree , and stood , looking up at the branch that he always jumped to . 
 `` do n't go up , john , '' called zack , urgently , `` you 're not strong enough . 
 you 'll fall . '' 
 john looked at the ground , and shook his head , dizzily . 
 it seemed he could barely see at all today , but he knew exactly where the branch was . 
 he was surrounded by enemies who did unknown things to him while he lay helpless . 
 only the trees were friendly . 
 in spite of the weakness left from nearly two weeks of lying in bed , he caught the branch and swung himself up into his tree , climbing to his own place . 
 he sat a long time , hooking himself securely into a fork . 
 watching from a camera , isaac thought he could have been sleeping , though he could n't see his face . 
 the guards had a communication . 
 try and get him to lunch . 
 john had no watch of his own , which he would n't have been able to see in any case . 
 they always told him when it was mealtimes . 
 calls went ignored . 
 there was a consultation , and a check from those who watched the screens . 
 he could have fainted , they concluded . 
 maybe a rescue was needed . 
 timothy had twisted an ankle last time he 'd tried to climb that tree , so rudy went up this time , slowly and carefully . 
 john was leaning his head back against the trunk of the tree . 
 he was very pale , and his eyes were shut . 
 rudy touched him on the shoulder . 
 for a moment , john looked confused , and then furious . 
 `` get out of my tree ! '' 
 he said , and when rudy tried to say something , he pulled himself up , and said even more forcefully , `` get out of my tree ! '' 
 rudy 's words were ignored . 
 john was trembling , and spoke in a deadly tone , `` get out of my tree or i 'll throw you out ! '' 
 rudy shook his head , and descended . 
 sixty feet above the ground was no place for a fight . 
 john held the branches of his tree . 
 the tree would help him , she was strong and friendly . 
 the lenses of the tree cameras were mostly very small , and tucked into holes made in branches , or in the trunk . 
 often their presence was disguised in a natural knothole . 
 john held out his hand , and a foot long , pointed stick appeared in it . 
 carefully , the stick was pushed against the camera lens , and then bashed in with a flat surfaced stone , also conjured . 
 one camera down . 
 methodically , john went from tree to tree , and destroyed each one of the tree cameras so carefully installed not so long before . 
 mark watched from his office with a slight smile on his face , as one screen after another went blank . 
 it was hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of damage . 
 it was apparent that john felt a little aggrieved . 
 john stayed in his trees most of the day , sometimes sleeping . 
 he did n't want to talk to his enemies whom he used to treat as friends . 
 there was no trust left in him . 
 once , zack looked up , feeling his gaze on him . 
 john was only fifteen feet or so up . 
 zack shivered . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 for the first time , he thought he could really be in danger from the young , sick man who could sometimes access a strange power . 
 isaac and mark were in mark 's office . 
 `` we 'll have to do something , mark . '' 
 isaac finally said . 
 `` he 's not strong enough to go without food . 
 and besides , this is john . 
 i do n't think he can live and stay sane if he does n't have companionship . '' 
 mark said , `` prendergast was talking to me . 
 there 's been problems with discipline since we took john down . 
 the men know , and they do n't like it . '' 
 `` rudy had a black eye ten days or so ago . 
 there 's been fighting . '' 
 no screens showed john any more , although mark had one open that showed the area of trees he was known to be in . 
 underneath , there were some graph lines , with occasional numbers coming up . 
 isaac crossed to the screen , and looked closely . 
 `` tell him ? '' 
 a nod , `` we 'll tell him '' john was tired and hungry . 
 when zack ordered him firmly to come down , and told him they were to go to mark 's office , and maybe a few things could be explained , he did as he was told . 
 silently , he accepted the cane , but shrugged away the helping hand . 
 zack stayed close . 
 john was not fit enough yet for this . 
 when he entered mark 's office , mark calmly greeted him . 
 there was an array of food on the large desk , although nothing else . 
 john leaned against the wall , face impassive , as mark remembered he 'd done when he 'd first told him the reason for his imprisonment . 
 mark said , `` the cameras have been switched off , all but one , and even that one has been taken out of the network . 
 i expect to destroy the film after this little talk . '' 
 john abruptly abandoned his cool facade . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 his voice shook . 
 mark very calmly said , `` we kept you safe from forster . 
 i had to have an operation , and forster took over while i was off duty . 
 we thought it best if forster had no excuse to hurt you . '' 
 john just stood . 
 he did n't know what to believe . 
 his head was buzzing with fatigue and he was filled with distrust . 
 isaac said , `` mark , why do n't you show him the scar . '' 
 mark was a bit reluctant , but looked at john . 
 john was never given a chance to retain any dignity . 
 silently , he undid his belt and drew his trousers and underpants down sufficiently that the livid scar from the inguinal hernia repair was clearly visible . 
 john was irritable . 
 `` there 's no point showing me . 
 i ca n't see . '' 
 isaac glanced at the guards , all of them politely looking away . 
 he looked closely at the scar himself , and john looked surprised at mark . 
 `` but that 's barbaric ! 
 surely the healers could fix you without doing that to you ! '' 
 mark smiled and shook his head . 
 `` if they know a better way , they did n't tell me ! '' 
 john sat , and when mark passed him some sandwiches , accepted one without demur , suddenly ravenously hungry . 
 isaac smiled and he also knew just a little more about the strange man . 
 he thought operations were barbaric - where had he come from ? 
 and he could see if someone else saw . 
 at the same time , he was n't reading minds , and did n't even seem to know that they were acting for his own good until he saw solid evidence . 
 ****** chapter 19 : john 's relations with his guards did n't return to what they had been , although they seemed to on the surface . 
 they could do what they wanted to him , whenever they wanted , and when he thought about his helplessness to prevent it , he felt very badly frightened . 
 his behavior became more erratic , and his recklessness in the trees , and often on davies ' equipment , worried his minders . 
 when he rode , it seemed as if he just wanted to gallop as hard as he could . 
 he was sometimes hard to control , and they were changing horses every day now , as he always wanted to gallop hard enough to thoroughly tire the horses . 
 they heard him apologizing to the horse he rode once , burying his head against its neck . 
 they suspected that he cried . 
 there were times when he 'd decline to go out of the compound , so that at least he 'd be off the lead . 
 adam and ernie reported that on these occasions , his horse would often be bucking furiously , as if viciously , though he never looked to be in the slightest danger of falling . 
 it was an expression of john 's turmoil . 
 he exercised rigorously , swimming constantly whenever he was allowed , and working determinedly in the gymnasium at other times . 
 he was walking too , hard and fast , around and around the perimeter track , seldom stopping to talk to the guards who had been his friends . 
 the leaves colored , and started to fall from the trees . 
 autumn again . 
 his telekinesis was finally beginning to become more reliable , and when he conjured a bread roll out of thin air , he abandoned the term , and thereafter thought of it simply as magic . 
 unfortunately , the bread roll tasted vile . 
 but if he could do magic , he must be able to escape . 
 sometimes he looked at his guards with a shadowed gaze which made them nervous . 
 but still , he did n't want to hurt anyone , and did n't even know if he could hurt anyone with his magic . 
 one morning , he made his escorts quite nervous when he sat on his horse , and watched through the fence at a sergeant who was drilling some of b force . 
 he watched a long time , not saying anything , just looking closely at the men , who glanced nervously at him whenever their sergeant was n't watching . 
 nothing happened though . 
 they still put as few constraints on him as they could . 
 quite suddenly , his rides were limited , and he was no longer allowed to go anywhere near the external fence . 
 it took a while for him to find out why . 
 his escorts would n't tell him , and he finally overheard some talk at dinner time . 
 demonstrations against germ warfare , becoming larger and more organized all the time , at the gates that b force guarded , and at spots around the fences , too . 
 the true reason for the well guarded area of army land was secret , so in the absence of an alternative explanation , rumors spread . 
 when he mentioned it to adam and ernie , making it obvious that he knew what was happening , their tongues were loosened . 
 `` it was on tv last night , '' said ernie . 
 `` apparently there 's rumors we 're developing a flu/ebola cross . '' 
 john laughed and his escorts grinned . 
 poor john did n't laugh enough these days . 
 john was docile the following day as they led his horse out the gates of the compound . 
 adam and ernie were relieved . 
 he wanted to walk as close as they allowed him , staring at the crowds of people beyond the fence , almost out of sight of even his guards . 
 `` you know , they 're the first people i 've ever seen who do n't work here , and almost the first civilians . '' 
 the pair who accompanied him , gaped at each other . 
 they knew theoretically that he had amnesia , but did n't comprehend the reality . 
 john was gazing across at those far in the distance . 
 he was feeling now , trying to feel those in the crowd , not noticing the way that adam and ernie looked at him . 
 he turned back to them , and said persuasively , `` it would n't do any harm just to go a little closer . '' 
 adam nodded . 
 `` a little closer . '' 
 they could n't satisfy john , who yearned to see those people from outside . 
 there was a new horse for him the next day , and , as ernie was n't available , there was marinon , who 'd done the job a few times before . 
 the black mare was a beautiful animal . 
 there was a slash of white on her rump , and the black mane and tail had white strands . 
 `` she 's called naji , '' said adam , as john greeted the animal . 
 `` only a five year old , bred in england , a stud that specialize in hunters . 
 colonel bedville chose her for you personally - he said that black hair with white strands - it had to be meant for john . '' 
 `` she 's beautiful , '' said john , moving close . 
 the mare whickered to him and blew in his face , so that he laughed and hugged her . 
 again , john wanted to go as close to the crowds beyond the fence as his guards would allow . 
 the mare went kindly for him , but horses always did . 
 he did n't know why this one should make the homesickness rise in him so much more than usual . 
 he reminded himself as he had before , that he may not even have a home . 
 he did n't know . 
 he only knew that his prison , the only home he remembered , was not home , no matter how mark might try to make it as if it was . 
 adam 's zoster vibrated in his chest pocket . 
 he listened briefly , closed it , and said to john , `` we have to take you much further away . 
 a couple of them have binoculars . '' 
 john looked back as they started to lead him away . 
 but suddenly the misery rose in him and his mare reared , pulling the rein out of the hand of marinon and breaking the one held by adam . 
 and then she streaked away , heading towards a stand of tall trees , much closer to the fence . 
 he had the single remaining long rein in his hand by now , so that naji would n't trip over it . 
 there were still sharpshooters with rifles stationed in jeeps around , but while they aimed , they did n't shoot . 
 guards of b force were aiming as well , to the shocked exclamations of civilian spectators , especially those with binoculars . 
 naji jolted to a stop under a tree . 
 john swiftly knelt and then stood on the saddle , grabbed a high branch , and climbed . 
 trees were his friends . 
 without any waste of time , he went as high as he could . 
 he wanted to see the people who were free . 
 naji shook her head and moved off , alertly watching the swearing , furious guards . 
 rabs were being consulted , and jeeps were moving closer to the trees where the subject was hiding , far too close to the boundary . 
 the demonstrators started chanting again . 
 they were just a colorful blur in his sight . 
 there was a woman in red right at the front and suddenly , he could see her . 
 there were children . 
 john thought he 'd never seen children , except on film . 
 the soldiers were trying to make them go further back , off army land , which extended only a hundred yards or so back behind the twin high fences . 
 one raised a hand , threateningly , to the woman in red . 
 the woman stood her ground . 
 john felt the soldier , felt his cruelty , felt his mind . 
 the soldier fainted . 
 john had his head tilted . 
 he 'd done it , but was the man all right ? 
 he waited . 
 he thought he was all right . 
 if he could make a soldier faint , he thought he might be able to escape , though he also had to make the rab stop . 
 he glanced down . 
 there seemed to be at least a dozen soldiers beneath him . 
 he swung himself to a different tree , leaping recklessly across the intervening gap . 
 rifles followed him . 
 they 'd shoot him if he gave them much further excuse . 
 he dropped to a low branch , and he whistled . 
 naji came galloping , and he swung himself down , onto her back , and crouched , as naji streaked back towards the compound . 
 marinon and adam turned their horses to follow , galloping hard . 
 the stables were outside the compound , surrounded by a fence . 
 john had never been allowed there , but now he slowed and trotted naji through the open gate . 
 marinon and adam were warned . 
 the subject was very tense , and might fight . 
 try not to provoke a confrontation . 
 they watched , and hung back . 
 john was very tense . 
 he might be miserable , but he was somehow going to go home . 
 he did n't want to be shot . 
 as if casually , he greeted gus , who looked after the horses . 
 he 'd never met gus . 
 `` i rode her too hard , '' he remarked . 
 gus grunted . 
 `` you 're always doing that . 
 i 'll walk her a while . '' 
 john regarded him . 
 `` would you mind walking me back into the compound first ? 
 if i 'm escorted , they probably wo n't shoot me . '' 
 gus nodded , and gave a sidelong smile . 
 `` they might give me a medal . '' 
 john was beginning to relax . 
 he shrugged ruefully , `` i 'll be in trouble . '' 
 he stroked naji . 
 `` she 's the most beautiful horse . '' 
 naji whickered , and then stepped closer , putting her head over his shoulder . 
 he hugged her , holding her very tight for a moment . 
 gus grunted , looked away , and then said they 'd best be going . 
 gus was commended . 
 john was confined to his room for the rest of the morning , and advised that he would n't be allowed to ride out of the compound for a week , and after that , only on bess . 
 he could still ride inside the compound . 
 they were lenient , but isaac and mark spent an hour looking at film and reading the reports about john 's almost magical communication with his horses . 
 he 'd ridden naji for the very first time that morning , and she 'd done exactly what he wanted her to . 
 she 'd even galloped straight to him when he whistled from the tree . 
 they learned more when john was disobedient than when he was being docile . 
 in his room , john thought carefully of the soldier whom he 'd made faint , and suddenly knew he was fine . 
 a picture came to him , somebody mocking his faint , and he felt the anger of the soldier , who wanted to punch . 
 it was a triumph . 
 he could make a soldier faint , and without really hurting him . 
 at lunch , mark dropped into a chair next to john . 
 john was n't alone . 
 he was listening to rossi 's girl problems again . 
 john looked up and smiled . 
 `` naji is the most wonderful horse ! '' 
 he said enthusiastically , and proceeded to amuse mark by describing at length just how wonderful she was . 
 mark smiled at him . 
 `` she only cost us as much as one of the cameras you break whenever you 're in a bad mood . '' 
 john shook his head . 
 `` if i broke cameras whenever i was in a bad mood , you 'd have none left . '' 
 the soldiers did n't like it when colonel bedville ate in the staff dining room with john . 
 officers should leave them in peace while they ate . 
 rossi finished his meal quickly and left . 
 others of the soldiers were quiet , constrained . 
 none of them lingered . 
 mark thought with amusement that only his prisoner treated him with no respect whatever , and yet he totally ruled john 's life . 
 he did n't rule his soldiers ' lives . 
 `` you 're an awful lot of trouble , you know , john , '' he said . 
 john looked frowningly at him , and suddenly said , `` come for a walk with me ? '' 
 mark looked his surprise and john said again , `` after lunch . 
 come for a walk with me . '' 
 mark slowly nodded , and once they 'd both finished their meal , john led the way to a large open area . 
 there were no trees . 
 the guards , at mark 's look , stayed out of earshot . 
 john stopped after a while , and looked all around , head up , almost as if feeling the air . 
 he started to slowly walk again . 
 `` the trouble with soldiers , '' he said , `` is that they do n't think . '' 
 mark was silent . 
 `` they obey orders , but if only they 'd think for themselves , wars would be impossible for a start . '' 
 mark said firmly , `` soldiers have to obey orders . 
 sometimes wars are necessary . '' 
 john turned , pacing back slowly the way they came , keeping to the same open area where he 'd seldom been . 
 backroom analysts were undecided . 
 this sort of behavior would normally have them aiming long distance microphones . 
 but john was talking to colonel bedville , the one in charge of the whole facility . 
 john stopped a moment , looking directly at mark . 
 `` you 're a soldier , and you 're not thinking . 
 it was twenty-four years or so before i came under your control . 
 no disasters occurred , the world did n't end . 
 i am not dangerous . '' 
 mark was silent . 
 john stood looking at him . 
 mark wished he would n't ask , but he did , quite simply . 
 `` mark , let me go ? '' 
 mark started walking again , john paced him . 
 quietly , he said , `` it would be my career , of course . '' 
 john said nothing . 
 for ten minutes they quietly paced , back and forward across the open area of land where no microphones listened to what they said . 
 in the end , mark sighed heavily . 
 `` if i thought it was the right thing , i would sacrifice my career . 
 but it is not the right thing . 
 the right thing is to do my duty , and i firmly believe that my duty is to keep you confined , and try and discover , if possible , just what the strange power is that you have . '' 
 john said sadly , as if sincerely , `` i have no strange power . 
 i 'm just an ordinary man who 's been very badly damaged . 
 but i wo n't ask again . '' 
 mark glanced at him . 
 `` ask for whatever 's reasonable , and i 'll try and do it for you . '' 
 john was feeling a bitter depression , but he smiled brilliantly at mark . 
 `` i want the store to start carrying ice-creams , and in at least twenty-four varieties . '' 
 mark clapped his shoulder , laughing . 
 `` done ! '' 
 that night there was a power failure . 
 the emergency generators failed . 
 even the rabs that ran on batteries , failed . 
 they searched and searched for john . 
 all that day , and most of the next , they searched , until the rabs quite suddenly started working again . 
 they found him hidden in a wet hole , not far from the external boundary , past both sets of high fences , but still on army land , just near the low , perfectly ordinary fence that ran alongside the road . 
 he was covered with mud and scarcely visible , even when one stood almost on top of him . 
 the area had been searched several times without result . 
 john was in a deep coma . 
 the illness had struck at the most fortunate time for his jailers , the least lucky for john . 
 on the other hand , he was very cold , and his illness continued for the next week . 
 undiscovered , he would have died . 
 mark came into ward 3 , very softly , on the third day . 
 the light was dimmed . 
 john was awake , but his eyes showed the agony that attacked him . 
 mark stood looking at him for a while until john turned glazed eyes to him . 
 mark silently stepped back . 
 john was becoming more blatant in his use of his power , although there was still no evidence caught on film . 
 mark thought they would n't hold him for much longer unless he was brought more firmly under their control . 
 option c , they called it , but it was still not ready . 
 about three weeks , they thought . 
 they could n't test it on humans . 
 even on a condemned criminal , it would be unethical . 
 ****** chapter 20 : by the time that john was out and about again , the trees were bare and the weather suddenly colder . 
 john was optimistic . 
 he 'd be out by christmas . 
 he would have managed it last time if only he had n't become sick . 
 they could n't keep him now his magic was working so much better . 
 he seldom had failures any more . 
 john was never out from under the eyes of guards now . 
 they were even in his room at night , two of them . 
 he was ready to try again . 
 but when the lights went out and nicholas fainted , peter took two quick strides to john and used the stun gun , sending him into a fit . 
 the zosters buzzed . 
 peter answered that john was still in custody and was warned that the cameras were not operating , but they 'd be told as soon as they were online again . 
 the emergency generator kicked in and there was more light . 
 nicholas quickly revived , and he and peter waited a little until john recovered consciousness . 
 as they expected , he was dazed and disoriented . 
 nicholas took his revenge . 
 john made no move to defend himself , and nicholas tried to leave no marks . 
 zack was surprised the following morning when john declined his ride , although talking to naji , and making a fuss of her . 
 he only said that he 'd slept very badly , and was tired . 
 he did n't climb any trees , although he swam for a little while , and spent a long while in the spa . 
 only clare noticed that he moved with difficulty at times , but clare had other things on her mind and did n't report the observation . 
 nicholas and peter were apprehensive . 
 use of the stun gun was justified , but taking it upon themselves to administer punishment could get them into big trouble . 
 but john said nothing , reckoning that a few bruises that did n't even show , were a small price to pay for keeping this escape attempt quiet . 
 he could try again , though not with nicholas and peter , who 'd been too quick and were now warned . 
 he complained to zack that he could n't sleep while hostile guards watched him , that if he had to be watched at night , maybe the male nurses could do it . 
 at least he was used to them . 
 zack checked and it was confirmed for him that john was sleeping very badly , often spending hours just pacing . 
 mark , when consulted , pointed out that maybe his dislike of these particular guards meant that they were being effective . 
 they watched some film . 
 each time that john was apparently asleep , peter and nicholas held stun guns , out and ready , and usually , at least one of them at other times , too . 
 on the other hand , john joined them one night as they played cards , and coaxed them into describing their families ' christmas traditions . 
 it seemed he could n't get enough and wanted all the details , even those of tired , cross cooks , and evening hangovers . 
 `` what about your own christmas traditions ? '' 
 asked nicholas . 
 `` what does your family do ? '' 
 some of the guards never quite believed in the amnesia . 
 john leaned back , and gave them a highly imaginative story of christmas on his home planet of chroostya , where they fattened glowchooks , and ate them after the second sun went down . 
 when the glowchooks were gone , of course , it was dark , and that 's when the fertility festival started . 
 john entertained himself considerably with his own imaginings , although nicholas and peter were not at all sure whether to believe it . 
 the three men laughed together , but when he lay down again to sleep , getting toward dawn , they pulled out the stun guns . 
 mark showed zack the film , and afterwards , zack agreed that nicholas and peter should stay . 
 john was n't really suffering , and he did n't think any of the other guards would be quite so ready for problems . 
 eight in the evening until eight in the morning , every night , no days off , and no meal breaks , except those they had in john 's room . 
 when they complained , they were promised a lengthy holiday over christmas . 
 the day after the story of christmas on chroostya , john drifted off to sleep in clare 's bed , sinking deeper and deeper into sleep . 
 clare stroked his hair . 
 she 'd become very fond of john , who always showed such an obvious joy in their lovemaking , and gave as much pleasure as he received . 
 the watchers said to the colonel that it was obvious that when it came time for his operation , they could take him as he slept with clare . 
 clare was an agent . 
 maybe she could administer the injection as he slept . 
 they did n't tell him she 'd left a suicide note . 
 only that she 'd been called away suddenly and would not be back . 
 john stared blankly at zack when he was told , and said quietly that she should have told him goodbye . 
 zack said stoutly that she was doing a job , the same as the rest of them , and probably there would be a replacement . 
 john looked at him , and finally said , a break in his voice , that women were not replaceable , that he did n't want any other woman . 
 but two days later , to zack 's amusement , his eyes were following emilie , one of the few female soldiers . 
 clare glover had planned it carefully . 
 although at first , she 'd considered an abortion , her heart turned over at the very thought . 
 she could n't do that . 
 but she did n't want her child watched , possibly imprisoned , as john was . 
 her baby might be unusual . 
 her agent 's skills came in useful . 
 evidence of a suicide was strong , although it did n't include a body . 
 false identification was well within her capabilities , and her travel documents were all under a different name . 
 john 's baby , conceived in spite of excellent contraception , would be brought up in new zealand . 
 ****** chapter 21 : john started having more frequent nightmares . 
 his escape was urgent . 
 he did n't know some-thing was planned , but was filled with the sense of the urgency . 
 he could n't get away at night , and he had n't previously thought of evening , as there were always so many around . 
 but he was beginning to be desperate . 
 night fell early in winter , and it was full dark by dinner time . 
 bob and rudy watched from close to the door of the staff dining room , timothy next to the internal door that led to the large kitchen and officers ' dining room . 
 john was at a table , looking relaxed , even carefree , listening to kyle and jimmy try to explain the rules of baseball . 
 it seemed he was n't familiar with the game . 
 his guards were warned . 
 the subject was woundup , tense . 
 it was thought that he might be about to try something . 
 they knew the watchers had information they did n't . 
 they were very alert . 
 john had just made a laughing comment to kyle , when the lights went out . 
 the guards grabbed the torches they were now issued with , and played them over the room . 
 john was discovered suddenly in bright light again , with his hand on the far wall . 
 there was no door there . 
 `` grab him ! '' 
 bellowed bob . 
 a nearby soldier , rather hesitantly , took john by the arm as his guards strode over to him . 
 john leaned against the wall , looking as if amused . 
 `` do n't get your weasand in a wonk ! 
 there 's not even a door here . '' 
 `` do n't get your weasand in a wonk ? '' 
 said kyle . 
 john shrugged , still hiding his acute disappointment . 
 he 'd been about to make a hole in the wall , step through , fix it , and be gone before they could work out what was happening . 
 but he still tried not to make his magic obvious , and this time , he only said , `` just an expression . 
 it means do n't get upset . '' 
 he looked kindly at his guards , and spoke to kyle . 
 `` they get nervous , poor chaps , just because there 's a blackout now and then . '' 
 at that moment , the lights came back on . 
 bob and rudy both had john now , holding him very firmly , one at each arm . 
 timothy actually had his baton in hand . 
 john glanced at the baton , and asked if it was all right to finish his dinner . 
 rudy said bitterly , `` i should bloody handcuff you to the chair ! '' 
 a jolt of alarm surged through john , but he tried to show no indication , only said with some apparent indignation , `` i 've been perfectly well behaved . 
 i was eating dinner and there was a blackout . '' 
 rudy looked skeptical , and he 'd felt the flinch as he mentioned handcuffs , too . 
 delivered afterward to his bedroom , peter and nicholas were warned that he 'd tried something , though they did n't know what . 
 john said nonsense , and asked if peter and nicholas would like him to make them coffee . 
 they glanced at each other , and accepted . 
 like john , they 'd come to the conclusion that life was easier if they pretended to be friends whenever not actually in conflict . 
 but when john was supposedly watching a film , he was racking his brains again . 
 he had magic , did n't he ? 
 surely he must be able to get away , and without hurting anyone . 
 nicholas felt john 's eyes on him , and drew his stun gun . 
 they were always ready . 
 john looked away . 
 the anti germ warfare demonstrators lost their enthusiasm with the cold weather , and the sight of an apparent prisoner riding a horse did n't fit their theories . 
 with the disappearance of the demonstrators , the limitations on john 's riding were eased . 
 there was no way he could escape in full daylight , with riflemen watching him . 
 he loved naji , and seldom exhausted her , so that nearly every day , it was naji that was led into the compound for him . 
 they let him visit the stables afterward now , when he wanted to , and he could talk to all eight of the horses , including bess , whom he was so fond of . 
 there were only a few days left of november when general buller came to visit . 
 for the first time , he asked mark if he could meet the subject , rather than just see the film . 
 `` of course , '' said mark , `` but do n't expect any great subservience from him - he 'll probably , perfectly casually , call you stan . '' 
 buller smiled . 
 `` he sounds a character . '' 
 `` sometimes , it 's like he sparkles with life , and yet , other times , he looks as cold as ice , as if he has no emotion whatever . '' 
 he then impressed the general by quickly checking the rab , bringing up four screens , and pointing to one that showed john and three soldiers , including a woman , eating ice-creams in the very weak sunshine . 
 `` ice-creams ! '' 
 said buller . 
 `` in the middle of winter ! '' 
 `` i asked him about that . 
 he said that this cold is nothing compared to that of riosta , where he comes from . '' 
 `` riosta ? '' 
 `` it means nothing . 
 he just likes to keep us hopping . 
 the backroom boys are still trying to work out where the expression , ` to get your weasand in a wonk ' might originate . 
 but they think he made it up . '' 
 the soldiers saluted and edged off respectfully as the senior officers approached , but not before john whispered in the ear of emilie , who shook her head laughingly . 
 she 'd have liked to , but where ? 
 as expected , john greeted general stanley buller as stan , and asked why he had n't met him before . 
 buller made an evasive reply , before starting an easy conversation about christmas rituals . 
 john asked , `` did you hear about the glowchooks ? '' 
 buller smiled , `` they told me about the glowchooks , but i wanted to know what you 'd really do for christmas if you were free . '' 
 john looked at him . 
 the man was quite small , and his hair was grey . 
 he wondered if this man could free him if he chose . 
 and when he looked musingly into the distance , for a change , he did n't pretend . 
 `` there would be lots of lights . 
 lots and lots of all colored lights so that other people would sneer at the vulgarity of the display . 
 but they 'd sparkle over the snow , and look like nothing but christmas . '' 
 mark had never seen this face of john . 
 he 'd spoken in a yearning tone , not hiding his longing . 
 `` who would be there , john ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 john laughed , `` i 'll have seven sisters and three brothers . 
 they all have children , and there would be fights all day , because timothy told me , cousins always fight . '' 
 buller asked , `` do you have a wife , john ? '' 
 john stared at the vision in his mind . 
 he would have a wife . 
 it must be so wonderful to sleep with a woman all night , to be able to reach out a hand , and touch whenever he wanted . 
 he shook his head , and spoke now in a flat voice . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 the two senior officers glanced at each other . 
 it did n't look as if they 'd get anything more out of john , and there was no information in what he 'd said . 
 just the desire for a normal life , and the longing not to be so alone . 
 general buller changed the subject , and he and mark talked about horse breeding , until john started to speak more naturally again . 
 buller finally said , `` can i see this wonderful horse of yours ? '' 
 john looked at mark . 
 `` the stables are outside the compound . 
 it 's up to the boss . '' 
 mark nodded . 
 john was accustomed to the guards that surrounded him , but buller was surprised when three personal guards stayed close , and four more soldiers surrounded them at a greater distance , all very aware of the subject . 
 the stables along with a small field nearby were fully enclosed with a fence that did n't look easy to climb , and the gate was firmly closed after they passed through . 
 but john seemed relaxed , and buller reminded himself that this sort of environment was all he knew . 
 john caressed bess , `` she 's the best little mare , stan . 
 it 's not really in her nature , but she learned to buck and play with me when i wanted it . 
 and she 's quiet and easy if i 'm not well . '' 
 buller was surprised . 
 `` and this is the famous horse ? '' 
 they were in the field , where the horses spent most days , though stabled at night . 
 john whistled , and the glossy , black mare pranced over to him . 
 `` this is naji , '' he said . 
 `` she 's the best too , in a different way . '' 
 he knew all the horses , and they all knew him , even those that adam and ernest habitually rode . 
 there was some competition . 
 they all wanted to be close to him , but little bess was closest . 
 as they started walking back to the compound , general buller looked at the more distant soldiers . 
 he 'd ask mark about those later . 
 john did n't even seem aware of them , and he knew that his eyesight was erratic . 
 he 'd known each horse though , even the ones who looked quite similar to each other . 
 john said a friendly hello to the gate guards as he was let back into the compound . 
 he still acted as if it was routine , not as if he was a prisoner desperately looking for escape . 
 general buller said casually , `` it 's unlikely that jarred forster will be back , by the way , john . 
 he 's on long term sick leave . 
 boils . 
 every time he seems a little better , they just come back . 
 i saw him yesterday . 
 he could barely walk . 
 a very inconvenient spot , apparently . '' 
 john said , surprised , `` i thought no-one had boils any more . 
 is n't it a very old fashioned thing ? 
 a bad diet or something ? '' 
 buller threw him a very shrewd look . 
 `` it is rare . 
 and the doctors do n't seem able to help . 
 that 's why i wondered if you had something to do with it . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 said john , in blank astonishment . 
 `` i have n't even seen him since ... '' he reddened . 
 he still hated to think how he 'd so completely lost control , and nearly hurt zack . 
 mark said casually , `` when jarred was here in september , john was ill . 
 i do n't think he even saw him . '' 
 john confirmed , `` i do n't remember seeing him then . '' 
 john stood still , watching after stan as he left with mark . 
 he 'd quite deliberately exposed himself a little , but he did n't think it had made the slightest difference . 
 he went to the gymnasium , and hammered into the punching bag for a while . 
 in mark 's office , the general was saying that john did cause a conflict of loyalties sometimes . 
 mark nodded . 
 `` the female agent who used to report on him finally committed suicide . 
 she said that it was too hard any longer . '' 
 `` i saw the report . 
 is she to be replaced ? '' 
 `` i 've asked for a replacement . 
 she gave us more of an insight into john 's true feelings than we had from any other source . 
 today was unusual . 
 i think it 's almost the first time he 's shown himself so much . '' 
 buller frowned over his coffee . 
 finally , he put it down on the desk . 
 `` mark , do you think we 're really justified , keeping this young man prisoner ? '' 
 mark nodded with certainty , `` we 're justified . 
 i did n't know about forster before , but now i 'll show you something . '' 
 it took a while to find the particular piece of film . 
 it showed john unconscious . 
 forster had looked at him , and spoken about the rape . 
 quite clearly , john was seen to open his eyes , smile , and then close them again . 
 mark said , `` he was unconscious , ill , and probably does n't remember . 
 but see this graph tracing along at the bottom of the picture . 
 it shows a pattern that we 're convinced indicates those times when he 's using , or trying to use his power . 
 just before he smiles . 
 i think it very likely that john is responsible for forster 's boils . '' 
 buller said after a pause , `` jarred has his faults , but he 's in almost constant pain now . 
 i do n't think he deserved that . '' 
 mark said nothing , but he thought that forster had asked for it . 
 buller spoke again . 
 `` it would have appeared to have been an unequal battle , but it appears that your john doe won . '' 
 mark sighed . 
 `` it 's not forster who 's scheduled for a brain operation next tuesday . '' 
 `` next tuesday ? '' 
 mark nodded . 
 `` they 're just trying to establish the likely range , but after tuesday , brainwaves will be monitored , and at the press of a button , we can disable him by rendering him unconscious , and if he becomes uncontrollable , he can be killed . 
 and at a distance of eighty kilometers , maybe more . '' 
 stan buller said heavily , `` option c. i know . '' 
 `` we 've labeled the device , cuz , for convenience . 
 like rab , it does n't actually stand for anything , although it misleads anyone prying . 
 but i 'm quite convinced that option c is essential . 
 he 's becoming harder and harder to control . 
 even surrounded by guards , encircled by high fences , often ill , and yet he 's come close to escape more than once . 
 and i do n't think he yet knows his own full power . 
 it 's either this , or simply ensuring that next time he goes down to the head pain , he does n't wake up . '' 
 buller spoke irritably . 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i would n't have approved it if i did n't agree the necessity . 
 it 's just that seeing him today ... . . '' 
 mark smiled sadly . 
 `` i like him too . '' 
 buller walked to the window , looking over the well tended grounds , the high fences as a backdrop . 
 `` the same surgeon ? '' 
 `` bartlett will assist , but he says it 's very precise brain surgery . 
 we 've found someone , though . '' 
 his face was grim . 
 `` he 's been deregistered for unethical research , but he 's an expert . '' 
 that night , john screamed and fought his bedclothes in his panic to escape his nightmare . 
 nicholas took the lead , acting to soothe him as he shook violently afterward , tears still on his face . 
 peter set a mug of hot chocolate on the table for him , and after a while , he used both hands to take the soothing drink . 
 they would n't let him outside to walk it off , of course , as he wanted , but the unexpected kindness stopped him trying , the next night , to make them both faint at once . 
 instead , sunday afternoon , in low light and drizzling rain , he walked behind a shelf of books in the library , and was not seen again until he was stopped with a warning burst of rifle fire from one of the guards on the fence . 
 he was becoming more desperate , and isaac and mark knew that he was having repeated nightmares . 
 they stayed away from him . 
 if they came close , they thought , he 'd know . 
 monday , he raced as hard as he could , riding naji , the long reins held very securely by adam and ernest , on their horses . 
 the sharpshooters in their jeeps were very alert . 
 all the soldiers knew of the increasingly reckless escape attempts . 
 it was harder to be relaxed with him now , when their orders made it clear that he was liable to try and escape from anywhere , any time . 
 monday afternoon , emilie took him to bed with her in her own room in the soldiers ' barracks . 
 the encouragement had come from her own supervisors , on instructions from above . 
 afterwards , he held her very tight , and quite suddenly , he was sobbing in her arms as she held him close and tried to calm him . 
 he was very apologetic afterwards , and when she asked why he could n't just be content with what he had , he caressed her face , and only said that he was a fool . 
 to tell her that he was terrified that they were about to do something to him would only lay an unnecessary burden on her . 
 she thought she was a tough soldier , in spite of her gender . 
 john could never think of a woman as any sort of a soldier . 
 they were watched , though emilie did n't know that . 
 they hoped he might fall into a deep sleep , and then he could be drugged as he slept , in emilie 's room . 
 they still preferred him not to start fighting . 
 but he only made love with her a second time , kissed her very tenderly afterward , and went to his cold , bare tree for a while , ignoring the rain . 
 emilie stared a while from a distance , at the lonely figure surrounded by his guards . 
 there seemed to be more guards all the time . 
 the operating theatre was prepared for brain surgery . 
 ward 3 was prepared for the recovering patient . 
 they expected he 'd miss christmas , as the head wound had to be completely healed before he was allowed to wake . 
 he was not to know what they 'd done to him . 
 his hair would not be shaved , for the same reason . 
 worried by his guessed at powers , they aimed to take him down in the early hours of the morning , when he was most likely to be asleep , although that was by no means certain these days . 
 the surgeons would be ready for him at four in the morning . 
 nicholas and peter would not be warned , in case he was alerted by a difference in their behavior , or simply by somehow knowing what they knew . 
 he was a sensitive . 
 ****** chapter 22 : it was a little after three in the morning , very early tuesday , the second of december , not quite two years since he 'd been first found in a new york gutter . 
 the zosters vibrated soundlessly in the breast pockets of nicholas and peter , both . 
 their separate messages were identical . 
 john was about to be overpowered and drugged . 
 they were to help . 
 john 's eyes opened even before the door of his room . 
 it was now , and he swung himself out of bed and tried to fight as four men piled onto him . 
 a chloroform pad was held to his face , and another tried to hold his arm still long enough for price to do the injection . 
 john fought off the cover over his face , and cried desperately to where he knew the camera was , `` mark ! 
 do n't do it to me , mark ! '' 
 mark was watching , but only set his jaw and tried not to betray his tension to those others in the large surveillance room , those whom john had never met , though he guessed at their existence . 
 the injection was made finally , through the material of sleeping shorts . 
 john still tried to fight , though his face was covered with the pad of chloroform . 
 his struggles became weaker and finally ceased . 
 the soldiers stepped back , panting . 
 captain prendergast formally commended peter and nicholas on an excellent job , and gave them six weeks leave and a caution not to tell anyone anything , except that john was ill again . 
 they saluted and watched their helpless charge wheeled away . 
 `` he had tears on his face , '' commented peter . 
 a little later , as they turned into the soldiers ' barracks , nicholas said something else , `` maybe we should have turned our backs - just let him go . '' 
 peter nodded glumly . 
 in the showers in the morning , as the hissing water hopefully made any microphones useless , the information was passed on . 
 john was sick again , but it was because they were doing something to him . 
 for the next few nights , it was mark who found he could n't sleep . 
 the shrieked words came back to him again and again . 
 do n't do it to me , mark ! 
 it was easier for isaac , as his sheer interest in the procedure , and the subsequent unnaturally fast healing of his patient , kept him enthralled . 
 there was no need for any eeg monitoring this time , as cuz gave the same information , and a bit more . 
 the physical wounds were healing very quickly , but john was not supposed to wake for at least another week . 
 it was an hour and a half before dawn . 
 isaac was called , and then mark was notified . 
 the patient was fretting , sometimes briefly soothed when the nurse , nicki , spoke to him , but then starting to mutter and turn his head again , as if irritated . 
 the feeding tube was removed from his nose , and he settled down for a little while . 
 the intravenous drip kept blocking up , and isaac finally gave up on that one , and made a new opening into the vein . 
 eyes squinting , frowning , john twisted in the bed , and hit away isaac 's hands , along with the needle . 
 isaac swore , and jabbed a needle into his upper arm instead , injecting him with as much sedative as he dared . 
 he watched the indications of brain activity on the large screen near the bed . 
 john should have been quite unable to make himself wake . 
 as soon as he seemed quiet , he fixed restraints . 
 again , a needle was carefully inserted into a vein , and the drip connected . 
 a patient could n't survive prolonged unconsciousness without the support of something like that , even if it contained no more than a solution to combat dehydration . 
 a further advantage was that drugs could be injected straight into the fine tube that ran into his vein , which worked a lot quicker than a jab into an arm or a buttock . 
 john was quiet again for a time , and isaac breathed a sigh of relief and joined mark in the observation room . 
 nicki checked the drip and looked toward the observation room , though it was a blank wall to her eyes . 
 `` isaac ? 
 the drip 's blocking again . '' 
 isaac asked mark , `` do you think he could be doing it ? '' 
 mark looked to the technician next to him , who said , `` no indication of any abnormal pattern . '' 
 mark shrugged , going himself with isaac , and looking at john 's face . 
 his eyes were still closed , but there were tears on his face . 
 do n't do it to me , mark ! 
 and he 'd done it to him . 
 mark sighed heavily and returned to the observation room . 
 perhaps one day john would become resigned to his captivity . 
 there was the new agent to take the place of clare , and he said to isaac , `` leanne will make him feel better maybe . '' 
 `` private hinch ? '' 
 `` we let her transfer . '' 
 nicki still tried to persuade the intravenous drip to start working . 
 john raised his arms , found them restrained and screamed in his panic . 
 he was struggling , and the restraints vanished from his arms . 
 the side of the bed fell at his touch , and he came to his feet , looking around , trying to know what was happening . 
 two guards as well as price , the male nurse , surrounded him . 
 nicki spoke in a gentle voice , trying to persuade him to return to bed . 
 he always took more notice of a female voice . 
 isaac indicated , and the guards and price fell back . 
 isaac was foolish in some ways . 
 he still thought that john should trust him , and now he assured john than everything was all right , that he 'd just been sick for a while , and that they were looking after him . 
 but john looked different , and isaac shook his head - surely he was not glowing . 
 angels were supposed to glow , but isaac did n't believe in angels , and in any case , john was no angel . 
 but there was a glow , faint but quite definitely there . 
 he looked different , radiating power as they 'd never seen him . 
 john cast a look around the room . 
 isaac and the three other men in the room fell . 
 he looked at nicki . 
 she stayed very still , suddenly terrified . 
 his gaze passed her by . 
 he needed to be away from here . 
 how he hated ward 3 . 
 observers behind the wall watched , open-mouthed . 
 john vanished in front of their eyes . 
 nicki regained her senses first , her training as a nurse taking over . 
 quickly she checked the fallen men in ward 3 , and looked up . 
 `` they 're all right , i think , like they just fainted . '' 
 at this assurance , mark also got over his shock , and snapped at the technician . 
 `` where is he ? 
 check the rab . '' 
 the answer came quickly , `` at his tree . '' 
 the appropriate screen was brought up , and john was seen quite clearly , still naked , in his usual perch in his tree , a leg hooked securely around a branch . 
 the light was not bright , but adequate , from a nearby light pole . 
 there was a camera , right next to him , cunningly hidden . 
 john was not glowing , and mark thought that he must have been imagining things , to think that the sick man could glow . 
 he said quietly , `` use option 3 . 
 disable him . '' 
 the chief technician picked up a pocket notebook sized device from his desk , pressed in the digits of the password , and pressed a red button . 
 a scream rent the air , and john could be seen as he jerked in the sudden agony . 
 `` i thought it was only supposed to make him faint ! '' 
 said the technician , brett . 
 his voice was high pitched . 
 he 'd watched john so often , though john had never met him . 
 the scream was suddenly cut off as the camera and the microphone were destroyed by a blow from a fist . 
 in the tree , john was still racked by pain , but the head pain from his attacks was worse , and he was beginning to be able to think in spite of the pain that still raged . 
 but mark was thinking , too . 
 if he could disappear from one spot and reappear in another , then john was uncontrollable . 
 he looked again at brett , and said clearly , `` end it . 
 the black button . '' 
 brett said in a pleading tone , `` no , do n't kill him ! 
 what 's he done to you ? '' 
 mark held out his hand , `` give it to me . '' 
 slowly , reluctantly , brett handed over the device . 
 mark took it , pressed in the numbers , and then firmly pressed in the black button . 
 graph lines on screens all over the room ceased . 
 `` what 'll we do now ? '' 
 said brett bitterly . 
 `` pick up the body for dissection , like he always said we would ? '' 
 mark turned to an expressionless soldier , `` find him . 
 he 'll probably be at the foot of his tree . 
 take him to his own room . '' 
 and then he turned and left . 
 his voice was a touch shaky . 
 `` i 'll be in my office . '' 
 ****** having destroyed the thing in his head that hurt him , and stopped the rab straight after , john still sat in his tree , feeling dazed and ill . 
 but the urgency allowed him no time to recover . 
 he had somehow managed to use his magic to escape from ward 3 . 
 he tried to do it again . 
 to go away , it did n't matter where . 
 after the third attempt , he gave up . 
 whatever he 'd done , it seemed he could n't do it again . 
 if only he could be a bird . 
 he could see the flashes of torches coming toward him . 
 there was no time left . 
 john melted his form into that of a hawk , and flew across the fences toward the rising sun . 
 ****** chapter 23 : it was a while before mark was convinced that john was n't to be found . 
 had n't he pressed the black button himself , and seen the graph lines cease ? 
 he 'd done his duty , but when he thought that maybe he really had escaped , he felt a surge of hope . 
 the last thing he wanted was to kill john . 
 and maybe - should the graph lines have ceased ? 
 should n't they just have flattened out ? 
 he did n't mention to anyone that he thought he 'd seen the man glowing - like an angel maybe . 
 no-one else said anything about that either , fearing to be laughed at . 
 it had all happened so quickly at the end , and each witness put it down to imagination , especially as the camera did n't show it . 
 he was not the only one who was hoping . 
 the soldiers ' resentment had been scarcely hidden . 
 but as they searched , combing the compound , and then the larger area , walking almost arm in arm , there began to be laughing and joking . 
 there were sidelong , triumphant looks at the commanding officers , as they became convinced that john , in spite of all that could be set against him , had escaped . 
 film was scanned again , the area of trees where he was last known to be . 
 the hawk was ignored at first , mark scarcely even noticing it to begin with . 
 on the fifth viewing , he suddenly thought that he 'd never seen a hawk in that area before . 
 could it be ? 
 impossible ! 
 but disappearing was impossible , too . 
 all the same , he did n't admit to anyone else that he thought it possible that john had turned himself into a hawk and flown away . 
 when a larger search was mounted , with orders to shoot on sight , they teamed a b force man with each a force man . 
 a force could n't be trusted . 
 john 's vivid personality , like the bright , bright , shirts that he wore , seemed to have permeated the whole of facility 19 . 
 liaison with the state police was cautious . 
 they could n't say to these , shoot on sight , so they said instead that a very dangerous man was loose . 
 that while he could appear harmless , fits of homicidal mania were frequent . 
 no chances could be taken . 
 stun guns were effective , but colonel bedville or general buller should be advised as quickly as possible if he was sighted or detained . 
 john was sighted , they thought . 
 or rather , a thin , naked man was sighted by two women who were walking in thick forest . 
 the women hurried away , but rang the police as soon as they could . 
 most of a force and b force were trucked the seventy kilometers , and started combing the area . 
 greater manpower was considered , but it would have meant a further compromise of secrecy . 
 john was collapsed in exhaustion . 
 he 'd flown on and on , in spite of fatigue and pain , calling on his last reserves of energy in order to get away , far away . 
 the rab in his arm was small , but far too large to be in the wing of a hawk flying long distances . 
 there was an enormous black bruise on his right upper arm . 
 claude from b force was teamed with jimmy , from a force . 
 the two soldiers quite suddenly spotted him , just ten feet away . 
 he was still naked , lying on his back under a tree , legs bent as he 'd collapsed . 
 his face was turned toward them , his eyes closed . 
 claude aimed his rifle , the orders were to shoot on sight . 
 jimmy moaned , `` no . '' 
 john opened his eyes , and looked at the two . 
 he did n't move . 
 claude dipped the barrel of his rifle , and when he heard a shouted query , called back , `` nothing here . '' 
 jimmy breathed a deep sigh of relief , and they moved off , rejoining the strung out line of searchers . 
 john tried to move , but it seemed he was just too tired . 
 he made a hole instead , with his magic , and hid himself before closing his eyes again . 
 searchers came close a few more times as they combed the area , but no others saw him . 
 claude and jimmy did n't speak of it , even to each other , but later , off duty , jimmy bought claude a very large beer . 
 sometimes , soldiers do think for themselves . 
 two days later , there was another report . 
 it seemed that a funny man with funny clothes , had been in the grounds of a primary school , and several children had given him some of their lunches . 
 he 'd run away from home , he told them , and was very hungry . 
 there was nothing further . 
 the end . 
