 what the critics are saying `` a trio of smart , independent women ... the peek into this world is fascinating '' ~ romantic times `` quick-paced ... engaging characters '' ~ armchair interviews `` a puzzling mystery filled with charm as well as suspense '' ~ who dunnit `` sharp and entertaining '' ~ curled up with a good book `` fun , frantic and thoroughly engaging '' ~ sandra balzo , author of brewed crude tattooed **** dolled up for murder a gretchen birch murder mystery by deb baker * * * * * smashwords edition * * * * * published by : deb baker at smashwords copyright © 2011 by deb baker . 
 all rights reserved . 
 cover art design : patricia ryan **** smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 **** dolled up for murder **** chapter 1 head buried under a mound of pillows , gretchen birch struggled to ignore the phone 's incessant ringing . 
 she had stopped answering the phone at midnight , and it had rung every hour on the hour since . 
 gretchen lifted a corner of the pillow and squinted at the clock on the nightstand . 
 three in the morning . 
 the answering machine would pick up after one more ring , and nina 's urgent message , the same hour after hour , would reverberate in her head until the woman called again at four . 
 what was the use ? 
 she was n't sleeping anyway . 
 gretchen fumbled in the dark for the phone and knocked it to the floor . 
 tangled in a sheet , she yanked herself free and lunged for the phone . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` do n't you ever give up ? '' 
 `` you have to come to phoenix , '' aunt nina , her mother 's sister . 
 bold , bigger-than-life nina . 
 the dramatist . 
 `` martha williams is dead , and your mother is missing . '' 
 gretchen rubbed her red , sleep-deprived eyes . 
 `` drunken martha tripped and fell from a mountain ledge . 
 that 's what you told me when you called the first time . 
 again , i extend my sympathies to you , even though you said you hardly knew her . '' 
 `` your mother is missing . '' 
 nina 's husky voice strained upward , hitting a high soprano note . 
 `` how many times do i have to tell you that ? '' 
 `` according to you , she 's been missing ... '' gretchen checked the clock again . 
 `` ... approximately fifteen hours . 
 that is n't missing . 
 that 's out power shopping or taking a personal day to recharge . 
 knowing her , she 's probably in vegas , finishing up at the blackjack table as we speak . '' 
 `` she did n't take her lucky bracelet . 
 she would never go without it . 
 and she would n't leave without telling me . '' 
 gretchen 's cat , wobbles , brushed against her bare toes , demanding attention . 
 the stray 's leg had been smashed in a hit-and-run outside gretchen 's apartment two years earlier . 
 she witnessed the accident as she stood waiting for the traffic light to change ; the car traveling too fast on the winding street , the cat lying at her feet . 
 shocked and outraged , she scooped the injured stray into her coat , ignoring the blood soaking her clothes , and rushed to the vet . 
 too late to save his back leg , but a partnership developed between them . 
 wobbles , the three-legged cat , had stayed . 
 gretchen ran her hand along the cat 's silky black fur . 
 she sighed and tried another tactic . 
 `` i lost my job last week . 
 downsizing , remember ? 
 i was terminated without warning along with several other startled , soon-to-be starving souls . 
 i do n't even have the money for rent , much less airfare . '' 
 not to mention that july in phoenix is like the inside of a blast furnace . 
 you cook from the inside out . 
 roasting , suffocating , charring heat . 
 but boston , home sweet home , is at its peak . 
 green , leafy trees , breathable salty air , foghorns calling in the harbor . 
 `` a ticket is waiting for you at the airport , '' nina replied . 
 `` you have to get moving . 
 check in by seven , or you 'll lose your seat . '' 
 gretchen shot upright , startling wobbles . 
 `` i need more time to think about this . 
 if i decide to come , i need to make arrangements for wobbles 's care , and i need to pack . 
 i need to stop the paper for a few days and water the plants . '' 
 a to-do list formed in gretchen 's head . 
 `` impossible . 
 i ca n't come tonight . 
 tomorrow . 
 i 'll come tomorrow . 
 maybe . '' 
 nina 's voice was tense . 
 `` not seven p.m. , gretchen . 
 seven a.m. your time . 
 you have four hours . 
 throw a few things together and dig out the pet carrier i sent you for christmas . '' 
 `` but , but ... . '' 
 gretchen searched her repertoire of excuses for the perfect response , but nina had disconnected . 
 `` i have to look for a new job , '' gretchen said aloud to no one in particular . 
 what day of the week was it , anyway ? 
 friday . 
 with luck , she 'd be back in boston by monday , following more weak leads to full-time employment . 
 gretchen flung aside the covers and began throwing cosmetics into her travel case . 
 three fifteen in the morning . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 she was as crazy as her aunt nina and , for that matter , her mother . 
 all three were wildly impulsive and disorganized . 
 gretchen secretly attributed the anomaly to a renegade gene passed down through generations of birch women . 
 a strong matriarchal line with a few crossed wires . 
 i have to learn to say no , gretchen thought , considering another genome gone askew , afflicting her but having passed up her mother and nina . 
 skipping generations , like twins . 
 she could think no , shake her head back and forth no , and shout no in her head , but when it came to forming the word with her lips and emitting the actual sound , she froze . 
 this inability to refuse a request had landed her in many murky situations . 
 this one , for example . 
 she threw shorts and tank tops into a suitcase and sorted through a pile of laundry in her closet . 
 nearly all her clothes needed washing , but she tossed in the cleanest of the dirty clothes . 
 she could wash them at her mother 's house . 
 before she closed the suitcase , she remembered one other essential item : her hiking boots . 
 with her passion for hiking , how could she forget her gear ? 
 phoenix had few redeeming qualities in mid-july , but it did have camelback mountain , and its most challenging series of steep inclines , summit trail , was gretchen 's favorite . 
 before closing the suitcase , she added a western state 's bird book and a pair of binoculars . 
 traveling to arizona in july was on a par with arriving in northern michigan in january , but she planned on making the most of it . 
 the first call from nina flashed into gretchen 's mind . 
 martha , a casual acquaintance of her mother , had fallen from camelback mountain . 
 found by a group of hikers . 
 broken . 
 dead . 
 a destitute alcoholic with the bad judgment to leave the trails and wander along the rock outcroppings . 
 what could you expect from a crazy , onetime doll collector who roamed the streets and lived inside a bottle ? 
 certainly not a gentle passing . 
 gretchen struggled to remember more , but she 'd been too tired at the time to listen to the details . 
 nina sounded concerned about her mother , but nina tended to overreact to everything . 
 gretchen , loaded down with luggage and a drowsy , medicated wobbles , entered a taxi . 
 while the cabby expertly maneuvered through winding streets and roared toward callahan tunnel headed toward logan airport , gretchen called steve on her cell phone and explained the events of the last few hours . 
 she tried to keep her voice even , hiding the hurt she felt at his recent betrayal . 
 `` we had dinner reservations for tonight , '' steve said when she finished , sounding groggy and confused . 
 the taxi flew into the tunnel , and reception on the cell phone began to break up . 
 steve 's voice cracked . 
 `` this is sudden . 
 and early . 
 what time is it ? '' 
 `` you do n't want to know , '' gretchen said , watching the tunnel walls , listening to the rapid clack-clack of the tires on the pavement . 
 `` i wanted to catch you before i boarded . 
 it 's only for a few days . 
 nina 's concerned about my mother , but she 'll turn up soon . 
 she might reappear before my plane even lands . '' 
 `` how is your mother connected with that woman 's death ? '' 
 `` she 's not . 
 nina should be in theatre . 
 mom 's off someplace , and nina 's doing her sixth-sense routine . 
 no two events can be coincidence according to her . 
 the universe flows into and onto itself . '' 
 `` your family is too weird , '' steve said . 
 too weird for what ? 
 gretchen felt impatient with steve , a gathering cloud of annoyance . 
 just nerves , she thought . 
 and lack of sleep . 
 she was about to lighten the moment by asking him what was so weird about a mother who restores dolls and an aunt who trains purse dogs , but the cell phone beeped and displayed the message call lost . 
 she flipped it closed and tossed it into her purse just as the cab burst through the tunnel into the early morning sunlight . 
 gretchen stood on the curb for a moment before entering the terminal , hoping to breathe the crisp atlantic ocean air . 
 one last cleansing breath . 
 but all she could smell was auto exhaust from the heavy traffic jamming the lanes leading to check-in . 
 she considered calling steve again but decided against it . 
 later , when she felt more rested , she 'd call from phoenix . 
 she knew she would sleep on the plane , catch up after last night 's lost battle of wills with nina . 
 she 'd have to find a special therapy group when she returned to boston for people like herself , people who could n't say no . 
 as the plane backed away from the gate , her thoughts turned to steve . 
 after seven years of dating , their relationship operated more by rote than by reckless abandon . 
 seven years without progress , without commitment . 
 gretchen brushed away feelings of rejection . 
 she thought steve had been preoccupied with the law firm . 
 he would make partner this year , and that involved a deep commitment to the firm , leaving little emotional energy for a commitment to her . 
 she had tried to remain supportive in spite of a growing sense of resentment and unease . 
 then an anonymous phone call had revealed the real cause of his distraction : another woman . 
 it only happened one time , he explained when she confronted him . 
 no , he did n't know the woman 's name , he said . 
 and it did n't matter because it would never happen again . 
 he loved gretchen and would do anything to make it up to her , he said . 
 anything . 
 gretchen felt a sharp pain in her chest every time she thought about it . 
 well , others had made it through rough times , so could they . 
 a few days apart might do them some good . 
 __________ caroline birch was in trouble . 
 every nerve ending shouted warning ! 
 warning ! 
 the phoenix airport terminal 's harsh lights and mechanical sounds felt surreal to her ; intense , irrational , the day like a long , complex bad dream . 
 she rushed now , holding her laptop close to her chest , frequently looking behind her , afraid she might be followed . 
 she knew that the note found in martha 's hand could be her death sentence . 
 what a foolish thing to overlook , considering the seriousness of the circumstances . 
 if martha had trusted her with more information , she would possess a name and know what her next move should be . 
 but her enemy was cloaked in obscurity . 
 invisible and , therefore , deadly . 
 instead of standing her ground , the author of world of dolls was racing across the country chasing one , betting her life that the doll would give her the answers she needed . 
 a risky gamble . 
 whatever it took she had to get her hands on that doll . 
 a disembodied voice announced final boarding , and caroline broke into a run , gasping for air but reaching the gate in time . 
 not a runner . 
 usually . 
 but running now . 
 boarding pass checked , gates closed , cell phone turned off , she sighed in relief as the plane rolled from the terminal and gained speed , lifting into the air . 
 when the seat belt sign blinked off , caroline stumbled down the aisle to the rear of the plane and entered a lavatory , clutching her laptop , her lifeline . 
 she splashed cold water on her face and pressed her wet hands softly against her tired eyes . 
 a few wisps of hair had come free from her cap , hanging across her bent face . 
 she straightened and dried her hand then removed the baseball cap , releasing her shoulder-length silver hair . 
 `` foxy hair '' her sister called it , her trademark . 
 a distinguishing , telling feature , when caroline needed more than anything to blend in . 
 she ran her fingers roughly through her hair , coiled it on top of her head , replaced the cap , and returned to her seat . 
 chapter 2 the july heat scorched the desert landscape . 
 gretchen could feel its heavy grip weighing on her body . 
 she could smell the dust . 
 nina had picked her up at baggage and now drove through phoenix traffic , weaving in and out of lanes in her red vintage chevy impala . 
 wobbles was stowed in his carrier on the floor in the backseat , relatively calm thanks to the continuing effect of the tranquilizer . 
 nina 's dog , tutu , was wrestling with gretchen for the front seat while keeping one beady eye on the travel carrier . 
 `` tell me about tutu , '' gretchen said . 
 `` a rescue dog . 
 i saw her picture on the internet and could n't resist . 
 she 's absolutely perfectly behaved . 
 i ca n't imagine what sort of person would abandon such a wonderful pet . '' 
 gretchen tried to pry herself free from perfectly behaved without success . 
 `` how 's steve ? '' 
 nina asked , ramming through gears like a nascar driver . 
 `` has he proposed yet ? 
 gretchen , unwilling to ponder nina 's question , dug sunglasses out of her purse , quite a feat with the miniature schnoodle jumping on her lap . 
 she locked eyes with the comical experiment in dog breed crossings . 
 schnauzer and poodle , minis at that . 
 what would inventive breeders think of next ? 
 pitt bulls and corgis could be called piggis or pittis or corbulls or ... . 
 gretchen stomped on her imaginary brake as nina raced up to a red light , slowing at the last moment . 
 `` well , '' nina insisted . 
 `` has he popped the question ? '' 
 `` we 've discussed it , '' gretchen said evasively . 
 `` discussed it ? '' 
 nina shrieked . 
 `` it 's been seven years . 
 one of you has a commitment problem . 
 or maybe both of you do . 
 living together yet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we 're comfortable the way things are . '' 
 talking about steve and their stalled forward progress made gretchen uncomfortable . 
 lately she 'd been hearing her internal clock ticking louder than it once had . 
 ticking clocks , even those firmly attached to the wall , made her nervous . 
 the desperation she 'd been feeling recently did n't thrill her either . 
 she hated paging through the wedding announcements in the boston globe . 
 pages and pages adnauseum . 
 one month and three days until she turned thirty . 
 chances of wearing an engagement ring were growing slim since her latest discovery . 
 `` humph , '' nina snorted . 
 `` i 'd give him an ultimatum in spite of his good looks . 
 pop the question or hit the road . 
 that tactic works , you know . 
 at least there would be some kind of action . '' 
 gretchen could n't imagine steve 's reaction to that sort of pressure . 
 his imported italian shoes would curl up at the toes . 
 nina turned right onto lincoln and sped toward camelback mountain , its prominent humps towering over the city . 
 caroline 's home , their destination , nestled at its base . 
 gretchen felt a familiar sense of wonder as she absorbed the mass of the mountain and the scope of the city . 
 the dry , enormous clumps of reddish rock were visible throughout phoenix and the surrounding suburbs of paradise valley and scottsdale . 
 for all phoenix 's exotic beauty and its reputation as a haven in the winter months , it turned forbidding and hostile in july . 
 she had dozed fitfully on the plane . 
 thoughts of her mother had been disjointed and intrusive , allowing her only a light , uneasy sleep . 
 now she bounced new ideas off nina . 
 `` maybe she heard about a great estate sale and she 's on a doll-buying spree . '' 
 `` must be in timbuktu , '' nina replied , refusing to catch the ball . 
 `` she would be back by now . '' 
 `` maybe she 's mixing business and pleasure . 
 she 's probably sightseeing at the same time . 
 no car in the carport , you said . 
 right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` so we know she has it with her . 
 and does this dog have to be on my lap ? '' 
 gretchen was annoyed with the schnoodle digging her sharp back nails into gretchen 's legs while planting groomed front paws on the side window , her nose leaving gooey streaks on the glass . 
 tutu wore a red lacy collar the size of a neck brace . 
 having sensed competition for nina 's attention the moment gretchen opened the car door , the schnoodle insisted on the seat of command , which was exactly where gretchen thought she should sit . 
 `` you 're in her spot , '' nina said , sliding into caroline 's driveway and turning off the ignition . 
 `` you have to learn to share . 
 see how nicely tutu shares . 
 good tutu . '' 
 tutu wagged her tail and barked , a shrill , nerve-piercing sound . 
 gretchen 's opinion of dogs - groveling , dependent creatures with lofty attitudes and bad manners - had n't changed upon meeting tutu . 
 wobbles , like most cats , had a superiority complex , but at least he could clean himself . 
 and he was quiet . 
 yapping dogs drove her crazy . 
 nina produced a key to the door of caroline 's adobe-style home and stood back with tutu to allow gretchen to enter . 
 `` after you , '' she said with a sweeping gesture . 
 standing in the doorway holding wobbles 's carrier , gretchen felt like an intruder . 
 the house was too quiet , disconcertingly vacant . 
 it smelled , not fragrant and earthy like her mother , but like a closed-up , abandoned space . 
 her mother 's spirit , which usually infused a room , was gone . 
 dishes from a morning breakfast were scattered on the counter , and a newspaper lay open on the table . 
 a box of maple buckwheat flakes had fallen next to the paper , the top left open . 
 a few pieces of cereal had spilled from the box . 
 her mother , in spite of her lack of organizational skills , was meticulous about keeping her kitchen clean , fanatical almost . 
 she would n't have left the table like this unless something unforeseen had happened . 
 for the first time since nina began calling yesterday , gretchen believed it might be possible that her mother really was missing . 
 `` see her bracelet . '' 
 nina pointed to a pink band lying on the counter . 
 `` she always wears it . '' 
 gretchen picked up the bracelet designed to support cancer research and fingered the engraving , share beauty spread hope . 
 the bracelet matched the one on her own wrist . 
 their common bond was her mother 's triumph over breast cancer , her mother , a five-year survivor : sickened by chemotherapy , bald , her once dark brown hair growing back a monochromatic silver . 
 their bond continued to strengthen through her long , frightening recovery and the sudden death of gretchen 's father in an automobile accident . 
 then came her mother 's compelling need for a new life , ripping up established roots , the move to phoenix to be near her sister , abandoning her life in boston . 
 and gretchen . 
 `` she left in a rush , '' nina whispered . 
 `` yes , '' gretchen muttered , studying the contents of the kitchen . 
 `` she did n't take the time to clean up , and that 's not like her . '' 
 she slipped her mother 's bracelet onto her wrist next to her own pink band . 
 for good luck . 
 gretchen wandered through the house . 
 her mother 's workshop was exactly the same as she remembered it from her last visit . 
 a perpetual work-in-progress : dolls hanging from lines , dolls scattered over workbenches , heads , bodies , repair tools . 
 before her mother 's move to phoenix , gretchen had helped with the simpler repairs such as cleaning and restringing . 
 gretchen smiled to herself . 
 she had lived every little girl 's fantasy , rooms full of dolls and dresser drawers filled with doll clothing . 
 nina made iced tea while gretchen tugged wobbles out of his carrier . 
 he lifted his head and emitted a feeble meow , while tutu 's nose twitched , catching his scent . 
 tutu tried to climb gretchen 's leg . 
 `` call tutu , '' she said to nina , doubting that tutu even knew the come command . 
 how could nina train dogs to stay in purses when she could n't train tutu in the basics ? 
 yet her mother had insisted that nina was the best purse dog trainer in the valley of the sun . 
 probably the only one , thought gretchen , holding wobbles in her arms . 
 she 'd never heard of the profession until nina announced her new career move . 
 nina picked up tutu . 
 gretchen carried wobbles down the hall to her mother 's bedroom and wrapped him in the bedding . 
 he seemed to smile gratefully and was fast asleep before she walked out , leaving the door slightly ajar . 
 nina 's iced tea smelled wonderfully fruity , and gretchen sipped it slowly at the kitchen table . 
 nina plopped down beside her . 
 `` tell me everything again , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i want to hear it all . '' 
 `` early yesterday morning , hikers found martha 's body at the base of a ridge on the mountain , '' nina began . 
 `` information travels fast through the doll community , so by noon everyone knew about it , including your mother . 
 in fact , i 'm the one who told her . '' 
 `` what did she say when she found out ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` very little , small exclamations of shock , i suppose . 
 we were all gasping at the suddenness of her death . '' 
 nina picked up her glass with both hands and placed her elbows on the table , cradling the glass against her lips . 
 `` then i told her the rest . '' 
 `` the rest ? '' 
 `` bonnie albright 's son is a detective with the phoenix police department . 
 you remember bonnie ? 
 she 's president of the local doll club , the phoenix dollers . '' 
 gretchen remembered . 
 red hair shellacked into an exaggerated flip , red-smeared lips , penciled lines where eyebrows used to be . 
 `` the kewpie doll collector . '' 
 her mother had a few kewpies in her own collection . 
 the original ones had blue wings fanning from their necks . 
 gretchen liked the chubby dolls , each with a small lock of hair and cherubic grin . 
 `` that 's bonnie , '' nina said . 
 `` she collects action kewpies . 
 farmers , drummers . 
 her son , matt , called her right away because martha did n't have any identification with her , and he needed bonnie 's help figuring out who she was . '' 
 gretchen frowned . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 how did he know bonnie could help ? '' 
 `` because martha had a doll parasol in the pocket of her shorts , and since his mother collected dolls , he thought she might know her . 
 as it turns out , she did . 
 bonnie went down to the morgue , and sure enough , it was martha williams . '' 
 nina , a solemn expression on her face , set the glass on the table . 
 `` poor martha . '' 
 `` it sounds like she had a hard life , '' gretchen said . 
 nina nodded , then noticed tutu dancing at her feet . 
 `` let 's take tutu outside . 
 the little dear needs to go . '' 
 tutu started yapping . 
 gretchen watched nina dig through a pouch as big as a baby diaper bag . 
 out came a white folded pad . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . 
 follow me . '' 
 gretchen smiled inwardly . 
 aunt nina was as quirky as quirky comes . 
 stores her shoes on top of the refrigerator so scorpions ca n't climb in . 
 had all the silver fillings removed from her teeth so she would n't get mercury poisoning . 
 believes she has special psychic power and can see auras emanating from people . 
 gretchen would n't be surprised if nina believed that space ships flew out of holes in antarctica . 
 the sweltering late morning heat hit gretchen with enough force that she took a step back before willing her body into forward motion . 
 after the relief of the house 's air-conditioning , her skin felt on fire . 
 motion took superhuman effort . 
 even her breathing became labored . 
 they paused next to caroline 's swimming pool rimmed with mexican tile and gazed up at camelback mountain . 
 gretchen could see a few die-hard hikers weaving upward among the rocks . 
 she wondered how many of the mountain 's casualties were accidents and how many were calculated ends . 
 what drove people over the edge ? 
 what did they think about in that final moment during the deadly plunge ? 
 she shivered in spite of the heat . 
 even tutu paused for a moment of silence . 
 `` where did she fall ? '' 
 nina pointed to one of the highest peaks . 
 `` she must have been standing right about there . 
 see that ledge close to the top ? 
 bonnie thinks they found her about there . '' 
 `` she must have been an experienced hiker to climb that high . 
 summit trail is n't easy . '' 
 summit trail was strenuous . 
 not a trail for beginners . 
 halfway up to the peak of the mountain , the trail steps ended and the real climb began . 
 gretchen had climbed it many times and loved the challenge , but the majority of amateur hikers preferred to follow the gentler bobby 's rock trail . 
 nina shrugged . 
 `` as far as i know , she never climbed a mountain in her life . 
 she was afraid of heights . 
 she could n't even climb a ladder . '' 
 `` maybe she was trying to conquer her fear . '' 
 gretchen knew there were plenty of opportunities to overcome fear on this mountain . 
 `` bonnie said martha was wearing sandals . 
 who climbs a mountain in sandals ? '' 
 tutu began yapping again . 
 nina unfolded the small white pad and placed it on the ground . 
 `` here you go , sweety . 
 now do your business . '' 
 and tutu squatted on the pad . 
 `` this is the best invention ever designed , '' nina said . 
 `` i call it the wee-wee pad . 
 see how well tutu is trained to go on it . 
 no more accidents in the house if you lay one of these where you want your precious pet to go . 
 no more rushing home to let the dog out . 
 not that i 'd ever leave you home alone , tutu dear . '' 
 gretchen rolled her eyes . 
 nina needed an outside interest , something that did n't include tutu . 
 `` the only problem is that tutu likes the pad so much she wo n't do what she has to do outside . 
 no grass or desert ground for her . 
 she refuses to pee-pee without her wee-wee pad . 
 i would spread it out in your mother 's house , but caroline says it is n't natural for a dog to go in the house , and she wo n't allow it . '' 
 nina bundled up the used pad and handed it to gretchen . 
 holding it delicately between two fingers , gretchen walked to the far side of her mother 's swimming pool and deposited it in a trash receptacle near the cabana . 
 instead of returning right away , gretchen leaned against a barstool and admired the earthy mexican tile decorating the cabana . 
 its open front faced the swimming pool with a circular cocktail area , and it had a small living space for guests in back . 
 gretchen stayed in the cabana on many visits , preferring its intimate coziness to staying in the main house . 
 nina watched her from a lounge chair in the shade of a large umbrella . 
 `` whatever happened up on the mountain , gretchen , i 'm afraid it was n't an accident , '' gretchen sat down on a lounge chair next to nina and stared in bewilderment at her aunt . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` for starters , martha did n't have any dolls . 
 the bank repossessed her home three years ago , and she lost her entire collection , which , i heard , was one of the finest antique collections in phoenix . '' 
 `` you never saw it ? '' 
 gretchen eyed up the inviting blue water of the pool . 
 `` no , she was an odd woman , reserved and not particularly friendly . 
 i did n't know her well enough to have the opportunity . 
 but that 's not the point . 
 the point is -- why did she have a doll parasol in her pocket when she no longer owned any dolls ? 
 martha was homeless at the end of her life . 
 and that 's not all . 
 brace yourself , gretchen . 
 i could n't tell you this on the phone . '' 
 nina reached over and placed her bejeweled hand over gretchen 's . 
 `` bonnie told me the police found a note of sorts clenched in martha 's fist . '' 
 nina might be hopelessly melodramatic but she was pulling it off with style this time . 
 gretchen felt the hairs on her arm rising . 
 `` what ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` the piece of paper had your mother 's name on it . 
 it read , ` caroline birch -- put her away . '' ' 
 gretchen stared at her aunt . 
 `` my psychic ability is a curse sometimes , '' nina continued , leaning back on the lounge chair and crossing her arms . 
 `` i sense something dark happened up there . 
 martha williams was pushed from camelback mountain and , i 'm afraid your mother is involved . '' 
 `` impossible , '' gretchen said with conviction . 
 `` that 's when your mother vanished . 
 right after i called her and told her what the authorities found . '' 
 nina snapped her fingers , her voice urgent . 
 `` poof . 
 like smoke , she was gone . '' 
 __________ nina roared away in her red chevy to pick up her latest purse dog trainee , leaving gretchen with time to herself . 
 she made a peanut butter sandwich and a salad using slightly wilted lettuce from her mother 's refrigerator . 
 while she ate at the kitchen table , she adjusted her watch for the three-hour time difference between boston and phoenix , turning the hands back . 
 noon instead of three , a mere twelve hours since she 'd given in to nina 's demands . 
 instead of unpacking , she laced up her hiking boots and slipped her cell phone in her pocket . 
 she rubbed sunscreen on her exposed flesh , hung her binoculars around her neck , and selected a bottle of water from a well-stocked supply in the refrigerator . 
 as an afterthought , she checked her mother 's closet . 
 then she opened the hall closet . 
 her mother 's set of luggage lay empty on the floor . 
 a more thorough search produced a toothbrush in the bathroom . 
 as far as gretchen could tell , caroline had n't taken anything other than the car . 
 she braced herself for the explosion of afternoon heat and set off , leaving palm trees and bougainvillea behind . 
 she walked up the hill toward echo canyon , where the trailhead to camelback mountain began . 
 hikers , mostly sightseers and casual walkers , tramped up and down the footpath between the trailhead and a large boulder , where they perched like flocks of birds to admire the view of phoenix in the valley below and to drink from lukewarm water bottles . 
 the serious hikers , many training for longer hikes , continued moving up where the footpath ended and the handrails began . 
 gretchen could see the dry washes below and cacti sprouting from impossibly sheer cliff ledges . 
 birds flitted through the sparse shrubbery , calling to each other . 
 gretchen felt light-headed as she trudged upward . 
 nina 's words played over in her mind . 
 her mother . 
 vanished . 
 a dead woman . 
 her mother 's name in the woman 's pocket . 
 put her away . 
 what could it mean ? 
 a message ? 
 a warning ? 
 an accusation ? 
 the timing of martha 's death and caroline 's disappearance was n't coincidental , and she knew it . 
 she felt a quick flash of anger at her mother for leaving without notifying anyone . 
 the anger dissipated and steamed into fear . 
 was her mother safe ? 
 why had n't she called nina ? 
 twenty-four hours and counting since nina had spoken with her sister , the time slowing to an agonizing pace . 
 gretchen paused in her sweaty climb to admire the desert scenery . 
 her mother had taught her the names of the plants growing along the trails : saguaros , ocotillos , barrel cacti , and palo verdes . 
 rattlesnakes , scorpions , and gila monsters also liked the mountain environment , three poisonous reasons to wear hiking boots and to stay on the designated trails . 
 gretchen did n't think she could handle an encounter with any of these three creatures . 
 but spiders were her worst nightmare . 
 a black widow would provide a perfectly good reason to jump off a cliff . 
 it was a good thing they liked dark , remote holes and rarely ventured near humans . 
 cautiously she moved over the rocks , well above the cluster of tourists milling around on the boulder below . 
 she forged ahead , picking her way up , using the binoculars to scan the cliffs , remembering with each step the warnings about lizards and snakes . 
 sweat soaked her shirt and glistened on her face . 
 gretchen stopped to catch her breath and get her bearings . 
 she could see the top of her mother 's house in the valley below . 
 using the ledge that nina had pointed out as a guide , gretchen calculated that martha had fallen from a ridge directly above her . 
 gretchen 's heart pounded against her chest cavity , and her throat felt tight and dry . 
 she looked down at her feet , searching for signs that she stood where the woman 's body had been discovered , but all she saw were clumps of red rock and a few straggly desert plants . 
 what if her mother lay injured somewhere up here ? 
 could she be crumpled in the shadows beneath a rock outcropping ? 
 gretchen continued climbing upward , sweeping the binoculars along the far reaches of camelback until she was satisfied that she 'd thoroughly covered the climbable part of the mountain . 
 she slowly began her descent , pausing again where she thought martha had fallen . 
 when she raised the binoculars and spotted a small patch of color in the rocks above her , she thought she 'd stumbled across her first sighting of a gila monster . 
 her mother had shown her pictures of the venomous reptiles : massive heads and small beady eyes , with orange , pink , or yellow blotches covering their bodies . 
 she knew they moved sluggishly and could n't chase her down the mountain , but she was nervous nevertheless as she edged closer for a better look . 
 and closer . 
 until she stood a few yards away . 
 the orange coloring was n't the scaly back of a lizard . 
 she was looking at a french fashion doll 's paisley shawl . 
 __________ despite adrenalin pumping through her veins , caroline fell asleep , a dreamless and heavy retreat from the world . 
 the flight attendant gently placed a hand on her shoulder , startling her awake . 
 `` please return your seat to its original position , '' she said , quietly . 
 `` we 'll be on the ground in a few minutes . '' 
 groggy and disoriented , caroline adjusted the seat and noticed for the first time that her bracelet was missing . 
 her lucky bracelet . 
 where could it be ? 
 she fought back the feeling of panic threatening to overcome her and forced a weak smile . 
 it 's only a bracelet , she thought . 
 you 're getting superstitious in your old age , like nina . 
 she wondered what was happening at home right now . 
 were they hunting for her ? 
 had they searched the house yet ? 
 she smiled to herself , feeling stronger and more confident . 
 no one could match her ability for concealing things . 
 thanks to her daughter 's inherited competitive nature , their games had been played at a highly skilled level . 
 scavenger hunts . 
 the traditional easter basket searches . 
 the challenge , each time , to be better than the last time . 
 caroline grinned at the memories . 
 let them look . 
 they would never find it . 
 chapter 3 `` ohh , is n't it cute , '' nina cooed , holding up the multicolored cotton shawl . 
 it was about the size of a baby 's terry washcloth . 
 `` i wonder what this is worth ? '' 
 gretchen said in disbelief . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it before . 
 it 's in perfect condition except for a tiny bit of ground-in dirt where it must have hit the rocks and settled in . 
 it 's a miracle i found it . '' 
 nina looked up from admiring the shawl . 
 `` a miracle ? 
 no . 
 this is a sign . 
 you know that most of my psychic predictions come to me in dreams . 
 well , last night i dreamed about this very thing . '' 
 nina frowned . 
 `` in my dream your mother was the size of a doll and wore the shawl over her shoulders with a dress from this exact historical period . 
 i wonder what the dream means . '' 
 `` the problem with your dreams , '' gretchen said , `` is that you ca n't interpret them . 
 you should take a class on dream analysis . '' 
 preferably one that does n't allow dogs in the classroom , gretchen thought with a watchful eye on tutu . 
 nina scanned a creased photograph lying on the table . 
 `` you found this next to the shawl ? '' 
 `` the shawl must have been in this bag , '' gretchen said , holding up a brown paper lunch bag . 
 `` it was lucky that it had fallen out so that the colors caught my eye . 
 the picture was inside the bag , and i almost missed finding it because the bag blended so well with the rocks . '' 
 gretchen gazed at the photograph . 
 a french fashion doll with startling blue eyes , wearing a green silk gown , smiled serenely up at her from a compartment inside an open doll trunk . 
 a straw hat with a green ribbon and white flowers rested in her arms , and she wore glistening black earrings . 
 she noted the trunk 's domed shape , its brass-headed tacks , and brass handle . 
 nina sat fingering the doll shawl , surrounded by her entourage -- tutu and her latest purse dog trainee . 
 the trainee , a white fluff ball puppy named rosebud , peered out from a large cloth purse slung over the workshop doorknob . 
 occasionally the little thing emitted a shrill bark . 
 `` maltese like this one are so easy to train , '' nina said , leaving the table to give rosebud a little attention . 
 `` especially little females . '' 
 the tone of nina 's voice curved upward . 
 `` do n't feel jealous , little tutu . 
 you 're smarter than all of them put together . '' 
 nina looked at gretchen . 
 `` everyone thinks they can just buy a little dog and stick it in a purse . 
 they do n't realize it has to be trained to stay there . 
 that 's where i come in . 
 most of my clients are easy to work with , but chihuahuas ? '' 
 nina shuddered for emphasis . 
 `` they 're more like vicious little purse attack dogs . 
 i charge extra for them . '' 
 `` ca n't you take time off from dog training ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` considering the circumstances . '' 
 nina gasped . 
 `` i 'd lose my clients . 
 i 'm in the early , most important stage of my new career . 
 if i started canceling training sessions , word would get around , and no one would come to me anymore . 
 that would be the kiss of death . '' 
 wobbles , wide-awake after his long nap , was cautiously exploring every corner of the house . 
 he made a brief appearance at the workshop door . 
 tutu 's ears perked up . 
 `` watch tutu , '' gretchen warned nina , reaching down and hooking a finger through tutu 's red collar to restrain her . 
 `` she 's mesmerized by wobbles and she 's licking her lips . '' 
 `` tutu wo n't hurt your kitty . '' 
 gretchen shrugged knowingly . 
 `` i 'm not worried about wobbles . 
 he could eat tutu for lunch . 
 it 's tutu i 'm worried about . 
 i 'm not sure that wobbles has had much experience with dogs . '' 
 she smiled . 
 wobbles was n't paying attention to either dog . 
 arrogant indifference suited him . 
 he cared much more about his own investigation in progress and the new smells around him . 
 after one smug glance at the dog hanging from a doorknob , he turned and stalked off . 
 `` he 's remarkably agile on three legs , '' nina observed . 
 the doorbell chimed . 
 gretchen released tutu and watched her race for the front door , yapping loudly . 
 the purse trainee trembled , full-body tremors created by the sight of the three-legged stalking tiger and the ensuing commotion . 
 `` that must be april . '' 
 nina rose from the table . 
 `` i forgot to tell you in all the excitement . 
 i called her right after you called me . 
 we should make sure the shawl is authentic . 
 you remember april ? '' 
 without waiting for an answer , nina followed tutu 's lead and headed for the door . 
 gretchen lifted the maltese out of the purse , holding her close and stroking her . 
 in spite of her feelings about canines , she could n't stand to see any animal in a state of fear or in pain . 
 rosebud , fitting easily into her palm , licked her little lips nervously but the tremors began to ease away . 
 gretchen remembered meeting april lehman briefly on one of her visits to phoenix , but she did n't need a doll appraiser to examine the shawl . 
 she sensed that it was the real thing . 
 according to her mother , who was a well-respected doll expert and published author , doll heads were much easier to replicate than period clothing . 
 the shawl could n't be mistaken for anything other than an intricate antique doll accessory . 
 it was the picture of the doll that interested gretchen the most . 
 april lumbered into the workshop wearing a muumuu the size of a volkswagen beetle . 
 white crew socks and beige sandals completed her ensemble . 
 `` hey , gretchen , '' she called , and heaved herself onto a stool . 
 `` april can tell a fake doll from the real thing at twenty paces , '' nina said , following april . 
 gretchen knew that swindlers roamed the doll world waiting to dupe unsuspecting beginners . 
 a good appraiser could tell an original by the number of eyelashes or the slant of an eyebrow or a marking in just the right spot . 
 april and her kind were the backbone of the doll collecting community . 
 `` what ya got here ? '' 
 april adjusted her reading glasses and bent over the table to study the doll shawl . 
 `` my , my . 
 where 'd you find this ? '' 
 `` hiking on the mountain . 
 i found it in the rocks . '' 
 april peered at her over the top of her glasses . 
 `` you do n't say . '' 
 then she went to work . 
 the silence beat across the room while they waited for a verdict . 
 gretchen continued to stroke rosebud , who snuggled closer and closed her eyes . 
 after a few minutes , nina began drumming her fingers on the table . 
 april gave her a stern look , and nina crossed her arms to still her impatient fingers . 
 gretchen gently returned rosebud to the purse , where she curled contently into a tiny ball . 
 finally , april sat back , moved her reading glasses from the end of her nose to the top of her head , and sighed with pleasure . 
 `` it 's a wonderful example of a mid-eighteenth-century french fashion doll accessory , '' she said . 
 `` no question about it . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming it fell from the ridge with martha , '' gretchen said . 
 `` is that a safe assumption ? '' 
 april nodded . 
 `` my exact thought , '' nina agreed . 
 `` bonnie 's son , that police officer , '' april said . 
 `` what 's his name ? 
 matt ? 
 he asked me to appraise the parasol they found in martha 's pocket . 
 same historical period , same size . 
 from the same doll , i 'd be willing to bet . '' 
 gretchen held out the photograph she 'd saved for last . 
 `` i found this at the same time . '' 
 april whistled when she saw the picture . 
 `` the tray is removable , and her trousseau is stored under it , '' april said , running her finger over the image of the trunk with something approaching reverence . 
 `` see how the tray is lined with striped fabric ? 
 wow . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure the doll is a bru , '' gretchen said . 
 april nodded . 
 `` a classic smiley bru . 
 she 's worth a ton of money . '' 
 `` how much ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 april thought for a moment . 
 `` i would n't want to venture a guess without examining the doll , '' she said . 
 `` what i can say with surety is that the doll is about seventeen inches high . 
 i can base that estimate on the size of the shawl . 
 the trunk would be about twenty inches long and fifteen inches high . '' 
 `` that 's a large trunk , '' nina said , reminding gretchen how little nina knew about dolls . 
 `` most fashion dolls were designed to fit right inside the trunks like this one does . '' 
 `` why would martha have an antique doll shawl and a photograph of a priceless bru with her , '' gretchen wondered aloud . 
 `` did she steal the shawl and the parasol ? '' 
 `` logical conclusion . '' 
 april 's voice was cold . 
 `` personally , i never cared for the woman . 
 shifty , i thought , and unscrupulous . 
 she certainly could have stolen it . 
 but i 'm not aware that any of the club members around here own an original bru with accompanying trunk . '' 
 `` she had only a picture and a few accessories , '' nina said . 
 `` that does n't mean she 's a thief . 
 let 's not snap to any rash conclusions . '' 
 gretchen picked up the photo of the fashion doll and turned it over . 
 on the back , she read the date that the film had been processed . 
 four years ago . 
 `` gretchen , is it possible martha was at your mother 's house the night she died ? '' 
 april asked , ignoring nina 's defense of the dead woman . 
 gretchen was surprised . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 `` camelback mountain is right in caroline 's backyard . 
 i 'm simply exploring the possibility . '' 
 she arched a brow . 
 `` the police wo n't overlook that , you know . '' 
 gretchen shrugged . 
 `` i have no way of knowing for sure . 
 but my mother never mentioned martha to me . '' 
 she turned to nina . 
 `` did martha every come here for repair work ? '' 
 `` caroline never mentioned it to me , '' nina said . 
 `` but everyone knew martha . 
 she used to be a member of the phoenix dollers . '' 
 april shifted on the stool , her large form completely hiding the seat . 
 `` the next obvious question is ... where is the doll ? 
 and why did martha have a picture of it ? '' 
 `` that , '' gretchen replied , `` is the prize-winning question . '' 
 a find like this would be of great interest to her mother , and some of that curiosity had rubbed off on gretchen . 
 she 'd love to see an antique doll of such quality with its own personal trunk of original clothes . 
 `` we do n't we have to notify the police , do we ? '' 
 nina said , scrunching her nose in distaste at the idea . 
 april swung around to look at nina . 
 `` martha 's death was an accident or a suicide , regardless of a few doll accessories and an old picture , '' she said . 
 `` the investigation is routine . 
 bonnie 's son is the only one working it , and i 'll mention the shawl next time i see him , but it wo n't change anything . 
 in the meantime we should keep this our little secret . 
 what will we accomplish by exposing martha as a thief after her death ? '' 
 `` the note found with martha was rather mysterious . '' 
 nina said . 
 gretchen , standing slightly behind april , shook her head at nina . 
 nina wrinkled her brow in confusion . 
 the last thing gretchen wanted was the contents of the message found in martha 's hand known by the entire doll community . 
 `` yes , the note , '' april agreed . 
 `` it does beg an explanation . '' 
 `` does everyone know about the note ? '' 
 gretchen demanded . 
 `` news travels fast when it 's riding bonnie 's lips , '' nina said . 
 `` that 's the truth , '' april said . 
 gretchen checked her watch and left the two women chatting in the workshop . 
 six o’clock in boston . 
 steve would probably still be at the office , even though it was friday and most bostonians would be on their way to happy hour . 
 from her mother 's bedroom , she dialed his business number . 
 while the phone rang , she studied a shirley temple doll posed on the nightstand and ran her fingers across its white taffeta skirt . 
 a receptionist answered and mechanically informed her that steve was in a meeting and unavailable . 
 her harried voice reminded gretchen that steve 's commitment to the firm took other prisoners as well , some not nearly as well compensated . 
 `` would you like to leave a message ? '' 
 the receptionist asked . 
 `` no . 
 no message . '' 
 gretchen hung up and tried his cell phone . 
 no answer . 
 she left a voice message saying she had arrived safely , her mother was still missing , and she would call later . 
 the bed looked inviting , but gretchen knew she 'd have trouble getting up again if she gave in to its beckoning comfort . 
 she must look a fright by this time . 
 long ago , a few doll collectors had compared her features to the shirley temple doll next to her . 
 right now she was sure she looked more like a freaky chucky doll . 
 nina appeared behind her . 
 `` let 's go , '' nina said . 
 `` the day 's still young . '' 
 gretchen wondered at her aunt 's stamina . 
 neither of them had gotten much sleep the night before , thanks to nina 's persistence . 
 gretchen felt weary , her body still on boston time . 
 she ran her hands through her unruly brown hair in a futile attempt to restore order . 
 `` food , '' nina said . 
 `` you need some fuel . 
 let 's go out and get something to eat . 
 april can follow in her car , and we 'll drop off my purse trainee on the way . '' 
 `` where is the doll shawl ? 
 we ca n't just leave it on the workbench . '' 
 `` i 've wrapped it up in a wee-wee pad along with the picture , and i 'll stow it in the trunk of my car until we find out who owns them . 
 the impala trunk is more secure than a safe deposit box . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you 'd need more than a crowbar to break into it . '' 
 nina had wrapped it in a wee-wee pad ? 
 i can find something more appropriate , '' gretchen said , heading for the workshop . 
 she transferred the shawl and photograph to a long sheet of bubble wrap and rolled it up , securing it with packing tape and placing it inside a small box . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 her aunt said , and gretchen picked up the box and nodded . 
 nina drove like a woman possessed by flying demons . 
 april 's white buick , which was noticeably dented on both the front and back bumper , fell behind and disappeared altogether when nina gunned the impala through a yellow light . 
 `` we 've lost april , '' gretchen said , looking back . 
 `` she knows where we 're going . 
 let 's hope she makes it there without an accident . 
 you saw the condition of her car . 
 she 's crash prone , '' nina said . 
 `` do n't worry about her . 
 worry instead ... '' she ground through the gears , `` ... about wobbles and tutu alone in the same house . 
 i ca n't believe restaurants wo n't allow dogs . 
 in france everyone dines with their dogs . '' 
 `` paris streets are also dotted with clumps of doggy doo-doo . 
 it 's everywhere like goose crap around a pond . '' 
 `` that 's why we have to introduce the french to wee-wee pads . 
 a fortune could be awaiting us . '' 
 nina peeled into a driveway and deposited rosebud with the pup 's anxious owner . 
 when they arrived at richardson 's restaurant and entered the cool and dimly-lit interior of the restaurant , they found that april had already made herself comfortable in a deep-seated booth . 
 they sipped margaritas and ordered tomatillo toast and green chile stew . 
 gretchen dug in her purse for her cell phone . 
 she checked for voice messages , hoping for word soon from steve or her mother . 
 nothing . 
 `` nina tells me caroline is missing , '' april said through a mouthful of tortilla chips . 
 `` i really expected a call from her by now , '' gretchen muttered , absently playing with her mother 's bracelet on her wrist . 
 `` call your answering machine in boston , '' nina suggested . 
 `` maybe she 's trying to reach you . 
 she could n't know you 're in phoenix . '' 
 gretchen called her apartment to check for messages . 
 nothing . 
 she hid her disappointment . 
 she was on the verge of a full-scale search for her mother , and her mother 's silence was n't making her choices easy . 
 she keyed in her mother 's cell phone number and left a message on her voice mail asking her to call back immediately . 
 `` i 've been leaving messages all day , '' nina said . 
 `` maybe you should file a missing person report , '' april suggested . 
 gretchen had considered going to the police , but quickly rejected the idea . 
 what if caroline did n't want to be found ? 
 that thought and its implications had played through gretchen 's mind most of the day . 
 apparently nina had been thinking the same thing . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` it 's too soon . 
 we 'll ask around on our own . 
 someone has to know where she is . '' 
 `` the police must already know that she 's gone , '' gretchen said . 
 `` have n't they been to the house ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' nina said , shrugging . 
 `` i 'm avoiding getting involved with police and their barrage of annoying questions . 
 they 're always trying to blame the first person they stumble across . '' 
 `` try the china doll shop , '' april suggested . 
 `` julia and larry hear a lot of scuttlebutt at the shop . '' 
 `` we 're headed there next , '' nina said . 
 steaming bowls of stew arrived filled with green chiles , chunks of tenderloin , potatoes , cheese , and a rich and flavorful sauce . 
 gretchen ate with renewed appreciation for southwestern cuisine . 
 she had forgotten how wonderful the exotic flavors could be . 
 after dinner april left with a promise to make discrete inquiries about the assortment of doll paraphernalia found with martha , and nina wandered off to the ladies ' room . 
 gretchen walked outside into the early evening heat and stood on the curb . 
 she smelled him before she saw him . 
 the same odor of unwashed clothing that she remembered from working in homeless shelters during summer breaks from school . 
 the memory of that smell of human decay and rancid hopelessness never left her . 
 he must have been lurking on the side of the restaurant . 
 when gretchen whirled , she stared directly into his bloodshot eyes . 
 saw his scruffy beard and dark patches of dirt ground into his face . 
 she was n't afraid . 
 from her experience , she knew most of the homeless were harmless , tortured souls who shunned the responsibility of their existence , preferring isolation . 
 their only wish was to be left alone . 
 gretchen moved aside to let him pass , but he stood motionless and stared at her . 
 she could smell alcohol on his breath , and she noticed he clutched a filled garbage bag . 
 all his belongings carried in his arms . 
 he staggered forward a step and spoke , so low gretchen almost missed what he said . 
 `` get out , '' he hissed . 
 `` right now . 
 while you still can . '' 
 gretchen watched in astonishment as he trotted away with his bundle , casting one last menacing look back at her . 
 __________ caroline made her way through o’hare 's crowded terminal . 
 herded along toward baggage , she warily studied the travelers around her . 
 no one looked familiar . 
 she clutched her laptop securely against her chest and turned on her cell phone with one hand , hearing its reassuring beep . 
 she stopped at a vacant gate , sat down in a quiet corner , and dialed a number she had committed to memory . 
 after four rings , a voice answered . 
 `` i 'm at the airport , '' caroline said . 
 `` may i come right away ? 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' the voice said . 
 `` but mr. timms was called away on business . 
 i 'm afraid he ca n't meet with you . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 caroline clutched the phone , staring out at the vast concrete runways . 
 `` i 've come so far . '' 
 `` he asked me to express his regrets . 
 good day . '' 
 `` no ! 
 no ! 
 do n't hang up . '' 
 caroline stared at the cell phone . 
 the connection terminated . 
 then she seemed to crumple across her laptop like a broken marionette doll , her head touching her knees . 
 and caroline birch began to sob . 
 chapter 4 gretchen leaned against the exterior wall of the restaurant for support . 
 she heard the rush of diners ' voices as the door swung open.nina appeared at her side . 
 `` no rest for the wicked , '' nina said lightly , breezing by . 
 `` onward and upward . '' 
 she marched toward the impala . 
 her steps slowed when she realized gretchen was n't behind her . 
 she swung around . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` a man , '' gretchen stammered . 
 `` a man just threatened me . '' 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 nina said , rushing back . 
 `` gone . '' 
 gretchen gestured down the sidewalk . 
 `` he told me to get out while i still can . 
 then he ran away down the street . '' 
 `` what did he look like ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 `` did you recognize him ? '' 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` he was unkempt , dirty , a street person , i think . 
 shabby clothes . 
 hairy cheeks . 
 he had a growth of some sort on the side of his head above his ear . '' 
 she cupped her hand over her ear to show nina what she meant . 
 `` like a knob . '' 
 she did n't say that he looked like he had lost himself inside his head , that he had the tormented eyes of the mentally ill . 
 the homeless . 
 the renegades of society , unequipped for the demands of everyday life . 
 she would never understand their choices to live without the steady assurance of food , water , and a safe place to sleep . 
 `` sounds like a ranting lunatic to me , '' nina said . 
 `` unfortunately , phoenix has its share of crazies . 
 who knows what he meant . 
 he probably does n't know himself . 
 forget about it . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 're right , '' gretchen said , not sure at all but moving in step with nina toward the car . 
 nina tucked her arm through gretchen 's . 
 `` let 's stop for coffee on the way to the china doll shop . 
 you look like you could use a little caffeine boost . '' 
 gretchen laughed weakly . 
 `` any more surprises like the one i just had , and i wo n't need jet fuel to keep me going . '' 
 she was uneasy about the encounter with the stranger . 
 under the circumstances , she could n't discount anything that might lead to her mother . 
 his sudden appearance on the sidewalk challenged gretchen 's resolve to remain calm and focused . 
 tomorrow , in the light of day , she would try to find the man and question him . 
 `` it 's cooling off , '' nina observed as they sped away . 
 gretchen felt hot and sticky . 
 she did n't think the evening temperature had changed much since the sun vanished in a fiery orange blaze . 
 night descends quickly in the desert . 
 the sun is high and hot one minute , gone the next . 
 gretchen thought the desert should cool off at sunset . 
 it certainly was n't true tonight . 
 the impala 's thermometer registered ninety degrees outside , and gretchen was grateful when the car 's air conditioning kicked in . 
 armed with two fully leaded espresso frappuccinos , they zipped along through the arizona night with a steady running commentary from nina on life 's mysteries . 
 `` for example , '' nina said . 
 `` can you tell me why teddy bear collectors look just like the bears they collect ? '' 
 `` nope , '' gretchen said , slurping the iced coffee . 
 `` i never noticed . '' 
 `` it 's true , you know . 
 next time we 're at a doll and bear show , pay attention to the bear collectors . 
 and men ... . '' 
 `` let 's not go there . '' 
 gretchen tugged her cell phone from her purse and checked for missed calls while nina wove expertly through traffic . 
 she sighed heavily when she saw that no one had called . 
 not steve . 
 not her mother . 
 `` i do n't mean men in general , i 'm talking about male doll collectors , '' nina continued . 
 `` they spend more money than women do . 
 they demand good quality and are very detail minded . 
 why is that ? 
 your mother loves to work with male clients on restoration projects . '' 
 nina downshifted for a traffic light . 
 `` your current abode is on the way , well nearly on the way . 
 i called the shop from the restaurant , and julia promised to stay open tonight until nine , so we have time to pick up tutu . 
 let 's see what the two new friends are up to . '' 
 at the house someone had obviously had a rip-roaring good time , with special emphasis on rip . 
 the first clue that something was amiss was tutu 's lowered head and downcast eyes when she greeted them at the door . 
 a sure sign of guilt . 
 gretchen , leading the way , stepped directly into the second clue . 
 `` yuck , '' she said , lifting her foot . 
 she glared at the perpetrator and slipped out of her shoes . 
 `` you can clean this mess , nina . 
 and my shoe . 
 you forgot to put down one of those dog pads before we left . 
 i 'm checking on wobbles . '' 
 `` i 'm sure this is n't all tutu 's fault , '' nina called after her . 
 without responding , gretchen stalked past an overturned lamp and stepped around globs of stuffing pulled from a sofa pillow . 
 she found wobbles in the laundry room , buried in a pile of her folded clothes on top of the dryer . 
 the bowl of dry cat food she had left on the washing machine was almost empty . 
 `` did you have anything to do with that mess ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 wobbles stretched luxuriantly and meowed a soft hello . 
 gretchen stroked his back . 
 `` i 'm glad you did n't cave in to peer pressure , '' she said . 
 `` the canine is in big trouble . '' 
 she could hear nina reprimanding tutu . 
 `` naughty tutu . 
 shame on you . '' 
 gretchen dialed steve 's home number from the laundry room to allow nina plenty of time to clean up . 
 `` hey , '' she said brightly when he answered . 
 `` finally , i found you . '' 
 `` it 's been a long day , '' steve said . 
 `` you know the drill . 
 work around the clock . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 `` things here are complicated . 
 i do n't know where to begin explaining the situation to you . '' 
 `` it 's late here , you know , and i have an early morning meeting . '' 
 steve said , yawning . 
 `` maybe we can talk tomorrow . '' 
 `` sure , '' gretchen said , disappointed . 
 she had waited all day to speak with steve and now he was putting her off . 
 that seemed to happen more and more these days . 
 `` how was dinner ? '' 
 `` schmoozing and boring . '' 
 `` who went with you ? '' 
 there was a pause on the other end . 
 `` a few partners , one of the interns . '' 
 `` an intern ? '' 
 `` courtney . 
 why ? '' 
 gretchen felt her old nemesis , jealousy , roaring through her veins and zapping her system like an electrical shock . 
 zip . 
 zap . 
 alert . 
 attention . 
 she tried to ignore it . 
 `` no reason , '' she said . 
 `` gretchen , i know what you 're thinking . 
 but it 's nothing like that . 
 she 's a kid . 
 you met her , remember ? 
 it was strictly business , gretchen . 
 she rounded out the table . '' 
 gretchen remembered courtney . 
 the dumpling with the broad , beaming , innocent smile and the glint of determined ambition in her eyes . 
 gretchen was good at reading eyes and courtney 's said , i 'm on the prowl and i 'm looking for the man who will help me get ahead . 
 was she the woman steve had slept with whose name he had conveniently forgotten ? 
 gretchen heard background music playing through the phone gripped at her ear . 
 she closed her eyes and willed herself to stay cool and composed . 
 she could hear nina calling her name from the front of the house . 
 `` i 've got to go , '' she said . 
 `` we 'll talk tomorrow . 
 call me when you have a chance . '' 
 `` will do , '' steve said and disconnected . 
 nina peeked into the laundry room . 
 `` oh , oh , '' she said when she saw the expression on gretchen 's face and the phone in her hand . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` steve took his summer helper to the charity dinner tonight . '' 
 `` i thought you had conquered the jealousy issue years ago . '' 
 `` apparently not . '' 
 gretchen stabbed the power button on her phone , and it beeped off . 
 nina grinned . 
 `` you had it worse than anyone i ever knew . 
 you would n't share your dolls or your friends . 
 you always thought someone would steal them away . 
 any time other little girls tried to play with you and ... . 
 what was your best friend 's name ... oh yes , katie hachett , you 'd figure out how to get rid of them . 
 remember ? '' 
 `` how does my shoe look ? '' 
 gretchen said , changing the subject . 
 `` like brand new . '' 
 `` then let 's go . '' 
 gretchen pulled on her shoes . 
 `` and please take tutu with us . 
 she 's banned from the house until further notice . '' 
 __________ `` i missed my little poochy poo , '' nina cooed while tutu again attempted to usurp the front seat of the impala . 
 gretchen sighed . 
 without new job prospects in the foreseeable future , a rental car was n't an option . 
 if she was forced to share transportation with nina , she had to work out a compromise with tutu . 
 based on tutu 's recent antics , gretchen felt she had the upper hand . 
 she refused to take a backseat to a dog , literally . 
 she lifted the red-collared dog and deposited her in the rear seat . 
 nina pulled out of caroline 's driveway , geared up , and slid a sideways glance at gretchen and opened her mouth , about to protest . 
 `` my shoe , '' gretchen reminded nina before she could complain about gretchen 's treatment of poochy poo . 
 `` do n't forget my shoe and my mother 's pillow . 
 tutu crossed the line and there 's no going back . '' 
 nina , for once , had nothing to say . 
 after several failed attempts to jump into the front and a stare-down contest that gretchen almost lost , tutu yawned in defeat and turned her attention to the world whizzing by outside the rear window . 
 the china doll shop was located on thirty-fourth avenue , nowhere near caroline 's house , as nina had implied earlier . 
 `` it 's almost nine , '' gretchen said , checking her watch . 
 almost midnight in boston . 
 she needed sleep soon . 
 `` we better hurry , or the shop will close . '' 
 gretchen knew julia and larry gerney , the shop 's owners , through her mother , who considered them friendly competitors . 
 caroline made very little money cleaning and restringing dolls , rebuilding fingers , and replacing eyes . 
 the work that allowed her mother to live in relative monetary comfort at the base of camelback mountain was the details she could furnish : providing the perfect antique shoes , making new mohair wigs , and replacing teeth . 
 the wealthy doll collectors of scottsdale and paradise valley paid whatever it took to round out their collections , so competition for their business and the ensuing financial rewards was fierce . 
 nina slid into a small strip mall and turned off the ignition . 
 she attached a pink leash dotted with tiny red hearts to tutu 's lacy collar . 
 gretchen noticed that two of the shops in the mall were vacant . 
 untenanted shops , she knew , meant empty parking spaces and a feeling of decline that would keep customers away . 
 the mall seemed to be slowly dying . 
 not a good sign for larry and julia , who counted on business from casual drop-ins as well as from established clientele . 
 `` how is their business doing ? '' 
 gretchen asked nina . 
 they were waiting by the side of the car for tutu to take advantage of a wee-wee pad . 
 `` they put on a good front , '' nina said . 
 `` but business is dropping off . 
 the developers overbuilt , and as phoenix expands west , everyone wants to set up shop in the new malls . 
 i do n't think larry and julia can afford to pay those kinds of rents . '' 
 she balled up the used pad and tossed it on the floor of the backseat . 
 `` watch what you say in front of them . 
 they feed on gossip like buzzards on dead meat . '' 
 julia gerney met them at the door . 
 she looked like a bulldog , short and stout , with an oversized lower jaw and a personality like artificial sugar . 
 not the real thing . 
 `` sweet as snake venom , '' gretchen 's mother once said in the true spirit of gamewomanship . 
 `` gretchen , how goooood to see you , '' julia gushed , every vowel exaggerated . 
 abruptly her broad smile faded and her eyes narrowed . 
 `` does tutu really have to come in ? '' 
 `` it 's too hot in the car , '' nina said , watching tutu prance ahead on the tips of her hairy toes . 
 `` she 'd roast to death . '' 
 julia 's steely glare seemed to say that roasting tutu would be a solution , not a problem . 
 `` keep her on the leash , and do n't let her bother my customers . 
 if my allergies kick up , she 'll have to go . '' 
 two gray-haired women sat at a large studio table painting doll heads . 
 large display cabinets lined the sales counter and contained doll supplies : paints , brushes , patterns , and books . 
 more cabinets framed the room and held samples of julia 's reproduction dolls : american indian dolls , china dolls , and a variety of fashion dolls from the 1950s . 
 `` our doll-making classes have been a huge success , '' julia said , heading for the back storage room , which doubled as an office . 
 `` but it 's been a trying week . '' 
 she arranged herself on a folding chair with her feet tucked neatly under it . 
 `` the air conditioning unit is n't keeping up . 
 larry needs to call the repair service before our customers start complaining . 
 he 's been out of town attending a few doll auctions , but i expect him back any minute . '' 
 julia did n't ask them to sit down , although gretchen realized , scanning the room , there was n't an inch of extra space . 
 every corner was crammed with boxes ; every tabletop was stacked high with doll parts and clothing . 
 `` caroline is gone , '' nina said from the doorway , shortening tutu 's leash to keep her close . 
 `` she did n't say a word to me before she left . 
 we 're hoping you have some idea where she might be . '' 
 `` i certainly do n't know , '' julia said . 
 `` i have n't seen her in weeks . 
 last time i saw caroline , probably three weeks ago , now that i think about it , we were both bidding at an auction in apache junction . '' 
 yes , gretchen thought , her mother put a lot of miles on her car chasing deals . 
 was she simply following another sale ? 
 had nina overreacted ? 
 nina tended to incite hysteria at will . 
 this would n't be the first time she had led gretchen astray . 
 `` caroline would never have gone off without telling me , '' nina insisted . 
 julia laughed lightly . 
 `` she 's a grown woman , nina . 
 she does n't have to report in to you . '' 
 she glanced at gretchen . 
 `` your mother is a very spontaneous woman , prone to rash impulses in spite of what nina says . '' 
 julia looked pointedly at nina . 
 `` she 's chasing a bargain . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on , '' gretchen said . 
 `` or why she is n't here . 
 but she disappeared after martha was found dead , and i have to find her . '' 
 julia gasped . 
 `` you do n't think there 's a connection between martha 's death and your mother 's disappearance , do you ? '' 
 too late , gretchen remembered nina 's warning about julia , the turkey vulture . 
 `` most of the phoenix dollers were n't very fond of martha , and i 'm sure you 're mother was part of that group , '' julia went on . 
 `` martha had a bad habit of alienating people with disparaging comments . 
 for example , she called me the tasmanian devil behind my back . '' 
 `` maybe she meant it in an endearing way , '' gretchen suggested . 
 `` you remember the cartoon character , '' julia said . 
 `` it had an enormous mouth , and , when it was n't whirling out of control , it slobbered and made grunting noises . 
 i ca n't find anything endearing about that . '' 
 before gretchen could respond , larry 's booming voice filled the doorway behind nina . 
 `` what am i missing ? 
 is this a club meeting ? '' 
 he wore standard southwestern attire : shorts , polo shirt , and leather sandals . 
 he 'd lost the pouch gretchen remembered from her last visit to phoenix , and he looked fit and trim . 
 but he still had the involuntary facial tic that caused him to squint and blink as though the sun was shining directly in his face . 
 `` caroline is missing , '' julia said to him . 
 `` and gretchen thinks she was involved in martha 's death and is running from the police . '' 
 gretchen stared in astonishment at julia . 
 `` that was n't what i suggested at all . 
 please do n't repeat that to anyone . 
 it is n't true . '' 
 `` of course not , '' julia said . 
 `` there 's a logical explanation in spite of the incriminating note the police found in martha 's hand . '' 
 julia smiled sweetly . 
 larry squeezed past nina and tutu , blinking rapidly , and bent to kiss his wife on the cheek . 
 tutu chose that moment to tug the leash out of her owner 's grasp . 
 she ran through the shop trailing the leash , with nina in hot pursuit . 
 julia shot out of the folding chair , squealing . 
 she scurried after nina and tutu . 
 `` that 's it . 
 my eyes are beginning to itch . 
 out of the shop with tutu ! '' 
 gretchen started to follow , but larry put a hand on her arm . 
 `` wait , tell me what 's going on , '' he said . 
 `` how long has your mother been missing ? '' 
 `` only since yesterday . 
 but the timing is n't good . '' 
 `` you mean because martha died yesterday ? '' 
 gretchen nodded . 
 she felt weary and wanted nothing more than to go to sleep and wake up to a new day and fresh energy . 
 maybe tomorrow everything would be clearer . 
 `` your mother is fine , '' larry reassured her . 
 `` she 'll turn up , and she 'll wonder what the fuss is about . '' 
 gretchen idly fingered a stack of doll clothing lying on julia 's desk . 
 she picked up a doll with a repair tag around its wrist - a schoenhut wooden doll - and admired the expertly carved face . 
 the enamel face paint was slightly cracked around the nose , but the doll was in good condition . 
 `` nice , '' she said , noting the spring joints and maneuverability of the parts before she carefully returned the doll to the desk . 
 she glanced up and saw larry studying her . 
 she looked away . 
 his eye spasms seemed worse than she remembered . 
 `` i better find nina , '' she said . 
 the shop was empty when larry and gretchen joined julia in the studio . 
 nina was nowhere in sight . 
 julia stood like a guard dog at the front door , blowing loudly into a tissue . 
 `` she takes that animal everywhere she goes , '' julia complained . 
 `` i know she 's your aunt , gretchen , but others do n't appreciate tutu quite as much as nina does . 
 she 's waiting outside for you . '' 
 julia fanned her face with her hand . 
 `` martha 's suicide has taken quite a toll on me . 
 what a terrible tragedy . '' 
 `` martha 's entire life was a tragedy , '' larry said , a hardness edged in his jaw . 
 `` she turned into a bitter , pathetic drunk . 
 she used to come into the shop , but she scared away business with her alcoholic theatrics . 
 julia eventually threw her out . '' 
 larry pulled the plug on the open sign in the window . 
 `` i 'll stop by in the morning . 
 maybe something in your mother 's workshop will give us some idea where she went . 
 what about her customers ? '' 
 `` to tell you the truth , i have n't answered her business line . 
 anyone calling about repairs will get her machine . '' 
 `` we 'll figure it out , '' he said . 
 julia nodded and kissed her on the cheek , and gretchen walked slowly into the parking lot where nina waited in the coolness of the running car `` what an absolutely horrible woman julia is , '' nina said . 
 `` and did you see that face problem larry has ? 
 your great grandmother had one of those tics , and it got worse when she was tired or excited or under a lot of pressure . 
 poor larry has to be constantly stressed living with that woman . 
 his eye was blinking like one of those airplane warning lights on top of a cell tower . '' 
 gretchen struggled to stay awake on the ride home , not even caring that she shared her seat with tutu . 
 when she was dropped off in her mother 's driveway , she muttered good night and stumbled inside . 
 she fumbled for the light switch and saw wobbles peeking at her from the laundry room . 
 `` bedtime , '' she said to him , too exhausted to think anymore . 
 she shed her clothes and collapsed into her mother 's bed . 
 the last thing she remembered before falling into a dreamless sleep was wobbles snuggling up to her bare feet , purring loudly . 
 __________ caroline wanted to use a credit card , but she could n't take the risk . 
 she hunted through her purse and found a twenty-dollar bill folded inside a side zipper . 
 she added it to the bills in her wallet . 
 sixty-six dollars left after paying cash for her airfare . 
 not nearly enough to rent a hotel room for the night and still have enough for a cab and a meal tomorrow . 
 three credit cards , all useless to her , but invaluable to a pursuer if she was foolish enough to charge anything . 
 this would n't be the first time she 'd slept in an airport terminal . 
 once , on a midwestern flight , a blizzard had shut down flights and stranded her overnight . 
 caroline bought a chicago-style hot dog from a kiosk and devoured it while she searched for a quiet , unused gate to spend the night . 
 at precisely ten o’clock her cell phone played pachelbel 's canon , and she answered after checking the caller id . 
 calls from her sister and her daughter had gone unanswered all day , but she took this one . 
 caroline listened , and what she heard caused her to reel . 
 she felt weak with shock . 
 it could n't be possible . 
 what was her daughter doing in phoenix ? 
 was it a calculated trick to lure her back ? 
 no . 
 she sensed nina 's hand in this turn of events , and she mentally chastised herself for failing to anticipate her sister 's response to her disappearance . 
 caroline 's lack of foresight would get someone else killed if she was n't more careful . 
 `` get her out of there , '' she said into the phone . 
 `` whatever it takes , get her out of the way before something happens to her . '' 
 the doll was more important now than ever . 
 tomorrow she would find it , even if she had to resort to drastic measures . 
 chapter 5 the man standing at her mother 's front door wore khaki cargo shorts and a `` running strong for american indian youth '' t shirt . 
 poking her head through the partially open door and hiding behind it because she was wearing cotton boxer shorts and a skimpy camisole , she did a quick mental check of the rest of her appearance : no makeup , hair in its usual early morning tangle , sleep lines probably creasing her face . 
 perfect . 
 great start to the day . 
 gretchen had to squint in the radiant light shining from his smile . 
 she shaded her eyes with her hand and caught a whiff of chrome cologne , one of her favorites . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 gretchen produced a weak smile . 
 he flipped a badge and held it close to her face . 
 her tentative smile faded . 
 `` detective albright , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm looking for caroline birch . '' 
 `` you 're bonnie albright 's son . 
 matt . '' 
 he flashed another dazzling smile . 
 `` and you must be gretchen birch from boston . '' 
 `` news travels fast . '' 
 gretchen raked her fingers through her unruly hair . 
 `` you start your day early . '' 
 `` no , it 's already six . '' 
 `` six o’clock on saturday morning . '' 
 `` correct . '' 
 gretchen edged further behind the door . 
 `` my mother is n't home right now . '' 
 `` i 've heard that news , too , '' he said . 
 `` i was hoping it was a rumor . '' 
 `` you are n't what i expected . '' 
 gretchen imagined his mother . 
 bonnie of the red flip hairdo and uneven penciled eyebrows . 
 the man looming on the other side of the door had dark wavy hair and a body builder 's biceps . 
 he must take after his father . 
 `` what did you expect ? 
 bald and beastly ? '' 
 `` where 's your uniform ? '' 
 `` i 'm undercover . '' 
 his eyes slid past her head . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 she wedged a bare foot against the door . 
 `` do you have a search warrant ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` do you have something to hide ? '' 
 his smile was disarmingly charming , but gretchen felt sure that he was acting . 
 she had an overwhelming urge to protect her mother . 
 the role reversal seemed awkward and unnatural . 
 her mother had always been her shield against potential danger . 
 `` look , '' he continued , sliding his badge into his wallet . 
 `` i 'm investigating a death and your mother 's name came up . 
 this is all very routine . 
 if she did n't do anything wrong , you have nothing to hide . '' 
 gretchen hated logic , especially from a cop . 
 `` who said i have anything to hide ? '' 
 `` you did . '' 
 `` i did not . '' 
 see how a cop will twist your words until you do n't recognize them anymore , gretchen thought , glancing past his shoulder and watching a neighbor walk her dog past the house . 
 six a.m. . 
 did n't these people sleep in on saturdays ? 
 she lowered her eyes and met his gaze . 
 neither one of them flinched or looked away . 
 `` if you know where she is , you should tell me , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm trying to help . 
 she 's one of my mother 's friends . '' 
 gretchen carefully considered the possible reasons why he would be searching for her mother . 
 she thought she detected a hard , determined glint behind the detective 's sunshine eyes . 
 after the note found with martha 's body , the police would want an explanation , and gretchen was n't sure her mother had one . 
 `` come back when you have a warrant , '' she finally said , and closed the door . 
 a few minutes later she heard his car drive off . 
 wobbles was talkative , meowing and rubbing against her leg . 
 gretchen poured cat food and water into bowls she found in the cupboard , made a piece of toast , and started a pot of coffee . 
 she ate the toast while she waited for the coffee to perk , then poured a steaming cup and called nina . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 nina 's husky voice sounded thick with sleep . 
 pay back time , gretchen thought . 
 `` after six . 
 i need to borrow your car today . '' 
 gretchen sipped the fragrant coffee and felt it coursing through her body , rejuvenating her spirit in spite of her early morning visitor . 
 `` i 'd like to do a little shopping . 
 i brought only a small amount of cat food with me , and there is n't much people food in the house either . '' 
 `` six in the morning ? '' 
 `` you can go back to sleep in a minute , but i need your car later . '' 
 `` we 're having our hair done at eleven , '' nina said , yawning . 
 `` you can drop us at the salon . 
 that will give you a few hours . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` tutu and i. '' gretchen choked back a chortle , but a small titter slipped out . 
 nina could make her laugh even in the most trying situations . 
 `` go ahead , '' nina said . 
 `` laugh all you want . '' 
 the light moment passed , and gretchen related the conversation she had with matt albright . 
 when she paused , nina asked , `` did you tell him about the doll shawl and photograph you found on the mountain ? '' 
 `` i did n't even think of it . 
 i was more concerned about why he was here . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' nina said . 
 `` he does n't need to know right now . '' 
 `` is the shawl still in your car ? '' 
 `` still wrapped up and stowed away , '' nina said . 
 `` i 've been thinking this through . 
 according to april , the french fashion doll is worth a lot of money on its own , but it 's worth twice as much with the trunk . 
 if we can find them , we might have our answer to caroline 's whereabouts . 
 i 'm still convinced that martha did n't jump willingly , and detective albright snooping around means the police are n't so sure either . 
 i 'll give bonnie a call and find out if she knows anything more . '' 
 gretchen poured another cup of coffee . 
 `` remind april to keep the news of the trunk to herself , at least for a few days . '' 
 `` april keeps everything close to her chest . '' 
 there was a discernible pause . 
 nina broke the silence . 
 `` this does n't look good for your mother . 
 you know that , do n't you ? 
 what if she has the doll ? 
 what if she 's involved in something dangerous ? '' 
 or deadly . 
 gretchen could n't express the thought aloud . 
 her emotional strength came from believing that caroline would reappear and explain her absence . 
 that martha had committed suicide . 
 that there was a logical explanation in spite of gretchen 's growing sense of distress . 
 after finalizing plans to borrow nina 's car , gretchen changed into shorts and a tank top and pulled on her hiking boots for a brisk walk up camelback . 
 she again checked for messages on her answering machine in boston and on her cell phone . 
 other than a few greetings from friends , she found nothing from steve or her mother . 
 sliding open the glass patio door leading to the pool , gretchen was surprised to find the door unlocked . 
 she must have forgotten to lock it yesterday before she left with nina . 
 she scolded herself for her carelessness . 
 the morning temperature was tolerable , and gretchen wondered if she was already acclimating to the harsh desert summer . 
 she loped easily up to the trailhead and slowed to a steady jog , appreciating the sanctuary around her . 
 gretchen had learned long ago that the natural world could bring her needed serenity when her thoughts were troubled , and hiking trails had provided the perfect solution . 
 in the area around boston she had discovered the blue hills and skyline trail , then middlesex fells . 
 after that , she delighted in every quest to find interesting and unique paths to explore . 
 even in the center of a densely populated city like phoenix , she could find refuge . 
 summit trail reminded her of martha 's fall , so she stayed on more accessible paths , jogging along bobby 's rock trail . 
 mesquite and staghorn lined the path . 
 she heard the chatter of birds , and catching movement from the corner of her eye , she spotted a road runner on an overgrown trail . 
 as she ran she felt all her worries and anxiety falling away on the path behind her . 
 after the refreshing and mind-clearing exercise she would be ready to face the uncertainty of a new day . 
 when she returned to the house , larry gerney was waiting in his red convertible in the shade of a blue palo verde tree . 
 he unfolded his long legs from the tiny car and greeted her with a paper bag in his hand . 
 `` thought i 'd bring breakfast , '' he said , following her into the kitchen . 
 he did n't remove his sunglasses , which saved her the effort of pretending that she did n't notice his tic . 
 `` have you heard anything yet ? '' 
 gretchen shook her head and poured a cup of coffee for each of them . 
 larry sliced bagels and heaped them with cream cheese , smoked salmon , and alfalfa sprouts . 
 wobbles , smelling the salmon , joined them and was rewarded with a slice of his own . 
 `` i never saw a cat with three legs before , '' larry said . 
 `` but he seems to get around fine . '' 
 `` he 's amazing , '' gretchen agreed . 
 she nibbled at the bagel . 
 it tasted wonderful . 
 `` i think we should check your mother 's business line and listen to her messages . '' 
 larry wrapped the leftovers and stored them in the refrigerator . 
 of course , he would want to check her messages . 
 was his request a sincere offer of help or a devious way to gain a client list ? 
 she studied his features , hoping for a clue to his motives . 
 reluctantly , she nodded and led the way . 
 gretchen experienced a sense of loss when she entered her mother 's workshop , the same sense of emptiness she had felt the day before . 
 it is so easy to forget how much you love someone , she thought , until you realize that you might lose them . 
 gretchen and larry listened to twelve messages , each caller inquiring about the progress on various doll repairs . 
 several expressed concern about their dolls being ready at a specific time , and all wanted return phone calls . 
 none gave gretchen the impression they knew that caroline was unavailable . 
 `` this is hopeless , '' gretchen said . 
 `` what am i going to do ? '' 
 gretchen had n't worked on a doll since college , when she 'd spent summers in her mother 's workshop performing the simpler repairs . 
 she could disassemble , clean , and restring an antique doll , but her mother was the expert when it came to restoring eyes , refurbishing wigs , and sealing cracks . 
 not only did gretchen lack the expertise to satisfy these customers , she did n't have the time . 
 `` you are going to let me handle it , '' larry said firmly . 
 `` i 'll work on the most immediate problems and delay the rest . '' 
 gretchen wondered what her mother would say if she knew her competition had access to her workshop , but his offer would free her mind and would keep the customers happy . 
 if he ended up stealing customers , it was a small price to pay . 
 `` i could n't possibly impose ... . '' 
 `` this wo n't be entirely free , '' he said , clinching the deal . 
 `` i 'll expect to be paid for my services . '' 
 larry was returning phone calls before gretchen left the room . 
 she showered and dressed , and looked around for her mother 's cancer awareness bracelet . 
 she found it on top of the dresser and frowned . 
 had n't she placed it in the bathroom next to her own last night ? 
 well , she had been exhausted and under pressure yesterday . 
 gretchen slid her mother 's bracelet on her wrist next to her own bracelet , vowing to wear it until she personally handed it back to its owner . 
 the doorbell rang as she finished , and she opened it to see matt albright standing on the porch with two uniformed police officers behind him . 
 `` search warrant , '' he said , waving a document and handing it to her . 
 `` that was fast . '' 
 bravado , gretchen . 
 face your adversary with confidence . 
 `` i had it earlier , but i decided that i needed backup . 
 you looked scary . '' 
 `` is that what they taught you in detective school ? 
 how to be as annoying as possible ? '' 
 gretchen examined the warrant . 
 her words were light , but she swallowed through an enormous lump in her throat . 
 she felt sure that they would n't find anything incriminating in their search , because her mother had n't done anything wrong . 
 `` may i ask what you are looking for ? '' 
 matt slid past her and gestured to the officers to follow him . 
 `` you may , but i ca n't tell you . 
 where does your mother repair dolls ? '' 
 `` through there . '' 
 gretchen pointed to the back of the house , and her uninvited guests thundered off in that direction . 
 she walked into the kitchen and sat down hard , her heart skipping . 
 from her vantage point in the kitchen she saw the two cops stride into the workshop , the detective watching them from the hallway . 
 gretchen heard larry 's voice , questioning and bewildered . 
 then he joined her in the kitchen . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` they 're tearing everything apart . '' 
 gretchen shrugged and shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she slumped deeper into the chair and waited . 
 larry paced in front of her . 
 fifteen minutes later , detective albright entered the room , and gretchen noticed that he 'd lost his authoritative pose . 
 instead , he was several shades paler than earlier . 
 the officer behind him held an antique doll in one latex-gloved hand and a sheet of paper in the other . 
 `` put them on the table , '' the detective said to the cop . 
 `` check the bedrooms next . '' 
 `` you 're going to search the entire house ? '' 
 gretchen knew something was seriously awry when she saw the doll on the table . 
 `` it 's covered in the warrant , '' he answered , a professional tone in his voice much different from the casual banter of earlier . 
 more abrupt . 
 `` do you know anything about this ? '' 
 he motioned to the doll on the table and took a step back , and gretchen reached to pick it up . 
 `` do n't touch that , '' he bellowed . 
 gretchen jerked her hand away . 
 gretchen , hands in her lap and a sick feeling in her stomach , leaned forward to observe the doll . 
 it was an excellent white-faced parian , sixteen inches high , with a beige dress and leather shoes . 
 `` my mother restores dolls professionally , '' she said . 
 `` she has many dolls in her care . '' 
 `` how about the document ? '' 
 gretchen stood up and leaned forward to scrutinize the paper while larry read over her shoulder . 
 its contents shocked her . 
 `` it 's ah ... it looks like an inventory of martha williams ' doll collection . 
 at least that 's what it says . '' 
 `` and this , '' detective albright said , pointing to the doll , `` is one of the dolls on that list . 
 we found the doll and list buried together deep in a supply cabinet . 
 the clothing on the doll matches the description . 
 do n't you agree ? '' 
 `` but martha williams lost her doll collection years ago . 
 at least that 's what nina said . '' 
 larry pulled off his sunglasses and blinked rapidly , `` that 's right . 
 she did n't have a single doll . 
 she lived on the street . 
 the inventory is clearly an old , invalid list . '' 
 the detective 's shiny smile was missing . 
 `` how much it this doll worth ? '' 
 `` we are n't appraisers , '' gretchen said , coldly , understanding the implications of the question . 
 `` april lehman will answer that for me , '' detective albright said . 
 `` you ca n't take the doll , '' gretchen insisted . 
 `` oh , but i can . '' 
 the detective suddenly noticed larry squinting and blinking . 
 `` something in your eye ? '' 
 `` no , '' larry said . 
 `` a nervous twitch . 
 it comes and goes . '' 
 he put the sunglasses back on . 
 gretchen again surveyed the list of dolls . 
 it was an impressive inventory of antiques , although not particularly large for a serious collector . 
 poured wax dolls , bisque dolls , wooden dolls , china dolls . 
 each , she guessed , worth a dollar figure well into the thousands . 
 the parian doll found in the cabinet matched the one on the list . 
 but gretchen did n't find an entry for a french fashion doll . 
 and no doll trunk . 
 `` i 'd like a copy of this list , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and a picture of the doll before you take it . '' 
 detective albright nodded and stepped away , clasping his hands behind his back . 
 `` that 's a reasonable request . '' 
 he motioned to one of the officers . 
 `` i noticed a copy machine attached to the computer printer in the workshop , '' he said as the officer approached . 
 `` make a copy , and be careful . '' 
 gretchen looked at the doll on the table , then at the detective . 
 she watched a thin line of moisture gather above the detective 's brow as the other officer moved past him , snapped a picture , and took the doll . 
 in fact , albright flattened against the wall , allowing the officer more room to maneuver than he actually needed . 
 the officers found nothing else out of the ordinary . 
 the rest of the search seemed perfunctory and ended abruptly , as though the parian doll and the inventory list had been the purpose of their true mission all along . 
 an obsolete inventory of dolls and the discovery of a doll that had once belonged to a dead collector . 
 what was going on ? 
 __________ caroline awoke stiff . 
 her muscles ached from lying on the hard seats in the passenger waiting area of gate c79 . 
 a flight attendant stood behind a counter nearby and readied the gate for an early morning flight . 
 the flight board read orlando , 6:35 a.m. , on time . 
 travelers lugging carry-on bags began to arrive . 
 caroline sat up and stretched her cramped limbs . 
 she made her way to the women 's restroom , where she attempted to freshen up . 
 she bought a sweet roll and hot tea from a vendor , grudgingly parting with a few dollar bills . 
 she hurried out of the main terminal , searching among the throng of transportation vehicles . 
 she did n't notice the overcast sky and the drops of rain splattering around her . 
 she stepped solidly into the center of a large puddle as she boarded a shuttle for downtown chicago , immersed in her own thoughts . 
 it was now or never . 
 time for action . 
 she would see the doll today , one way or another . 
 whatever it took . 
 chapter 6 nina teetered on the edge of hysteria . 
 she stomped back and forth on the mexican tile that bordered caroline 's swimming pool and had come precariously close to tipping into it on her last turn . 
 tutu followed on her heels , and gretchen suspected that the latest dog trainee in the poodle-embroidered purse on her shoulder would soon succumb to motion sickness . 
 `` nothing makes sense any more . '' 
 nina continued her frenzied pacing . 
 `` something 's happened to your mother . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` she is n't dead , '' gretchen said , finally broaching the inevitable subject . 
 nina , her lower lip trembling , whirled . 
 `` we do n't know that . '' 
 `` yes , we do . 
 i searched the mountain and did n't find her . 
 no one has discovered her body . '' 
 `` she could have been murdered , too , '' nina cried . 
 `` and her body ... '' `` no , she 's alive and hiding , '' gretchen said , firmly . 
 `` i refuse to believe that my sister killed martha williams . 
 what do the police think ? 
 that she killed martha for a doll ? '' 
 nina snorted . 
 `` please . 
 they need to come up with a better motive than that . '' 
 `` we need to find her and the french fashion doll . '' 
 `` all these different dolls are confusing me . 
 the parisian doll and the french doll . 
 are n't they the same thing ? '' 
 `` parian , not parisian . 
 parian refers to the type of finish given to the porcelain . 
 a parian 's face is white . 
 tell me what happened to martha 's doll collection . 
 where is it ? '' 
 nina , the dramatist , flung her arms out wide , then bent and slapped them on her thighs , causing the purse trainee to duck inside for cover . 
 `` martha would n't tell us . 
 april lehman even offered to buy several dolls from her collection at fair market prices . 
 in fact , they had a little falling-out over that . 
 martha refused to sell until it was too late , and i think the bank auctioned them off with the rest of her possessions , including the house . 
 she really did lose everything . '' 
 gretchen watched the black pup venture to poke its curly head out of the purse , its ears flattened against its head . 
 `` give the little curly mutt a break , nina . 
 it 's going to upchuck in the purse . '' 
 nina gasped . 
 `` this is n't a mutt . 
 he 's a teacup poodle . '' 
 she released the tiny poodle . 
 it shook its body and ran off around the pool with tutu . 
 at ten pounds tutu towered monumentally over the puppy . 
 `` nimrod will be with me for the next two days . 
 his owner is out of town and he 's in immersion training . 
 he loves his purse already . '' 
 gretchen sat down on the edge of the pool and slid one bare foot along the surface . 
 `` i could n't find a work order for the doll the police confiscated , '' she said . 
 her mother kept pink copies of all her work orders in the top drawer of the workbench . 
 `` the records are n't well-organized , though . '' 
 `` your mother is rather disorganized . 
 that does n't mean much . '' 
 nina glanced at her watch . 
 `` it 's almost eleven . 
 we 'll miss our hair appointment if we do n't leave right now . 
 tutu . 
 nimrod . 
 let 's go . '' 
 nina packed up her entourage while gretchen checked on wobbles , who had disappeared during the search but reappeared briefly to voice his objections to the intrusion as soon as the police left . 
 she found him curled in a ball in the center of her mother 's bed , sound asleep . 
 she carefully secured the house , not about to forget to lock up again . 
 __________ nina headed for scottsdale road , zipping through h traffic , making up for lost time . 
 `` i should cancel my hair appointment and help you . 
 after all , i 'm the one who insisted that you come to phoenix . '' 
 `` it 's absolutely fine , '' gretchen assured her , wanting some personal space to consider the problem on her own . 
 `` you can help me this afternoon . '' 
 `` matt albright has a dreadful fear of dolls , '' nina said , swerving into another lane . 
 `` there 's even a name for it-pediophobia . '' 
 `` that explains why he backed away whenever someone approached with the doll . '' 
 gretchen remembered his discomfort . 
 `` and that explains why he would n't enter the workshop . '' 
 `` bonnie had to keep all her dolls in a spare bedroom with the door closed . '' 
 nina screeched to a halt at a red light and turned to check on the dogs in the backseat , making sure no one had fallen forward . 
 `` it started when he was a young boy . 
 every time he saw one of her dolls , he 'd feel faint and nauseous , '' nina continued . 
 `` he had trouble breathing and broke out in a sweat . 
 i saw it happen once and it was awful . 
 we could never have meetings at her house . 
 and she 's the president of the club . '' 
 gretchen suddenly thought of the french fashion doll 's shawl in nina 's trunk . 
 `` it 's a good thing you have the shawl . 
 what if the police had found it at the house ? '' 
 `` a little piece of fabric ? 
 it would n't have meant a thing to them , '' nina said . 
 `` besides , you said the french doll and the trunk were n't on the list . '' 
 `` which makes it more puzzling . 
 we have to find out why she had doll accessories and the picture with her when she died . '' 
 nina brought the car to a stop under a sign reading scottsdale solutions and opened the car door . 
 `` you have at least two hours , maybe three . 
 i 'll call you on your cell when we are almost finished . 
 can i leave nimrod with you ? '' 
 gretchen reluctantly looked at the miniature black fur ball sitting in the backseat . 
 hearing his name , nimrod tipped his head to the side and took a step forward , wagging his tail . 
 gretchen looked doubtful as she walked around to the driver 's side of the car and slipped in . 
 `` i wee-weed him before we left your mother 's house , '' nina said , as if that would make all the difference . 
 `` i 'd rather not , '' gretchen said , attempting a firm no , but barely managing the watered-down version . 
 `` he wo n't be a bother , '' nina insisted , clipping a leash on tutu 's collar and standing aside while the canine jumped to the ground . 
 `` oh , i almost forgot to leave you his poodle purse . '' 
 would n't that be a serious fashion faux pas ? 
 gretchen thought . 
 a dog without his purse . 
 nina tugged the dog purse from her shoulder and quickly threw it on gretchen 's lap . 
 `` have fun . '' 
 gretchen and nimrod pulled away and turned toward the center of the city of phoenix , which was situated on the opposite side of camelback mountain . 
 three hours did n't give her much time . 
 she drove to the older part of downtown , west of central avenue , and slowly cruised up and down each street , moving to first avenue then second avenue in a quest to find the homeless man . 
 her encounter with him on the street in front of the restaurant was n't chance , and gretchen did n't think he was a ranting madman . 
 she was convinced that he had a compelling reason to threaten her , and she wanted to know why . 
 the midday heat had driven most of the homeless to seek shelter from the sun , but a few directionless people wandered the sidewalks . 
 she wove through the endless lines of cars . 
 phoenix traffic was perpetually in gridlock every hour of the day including late evening rush hour . 
 gretchen did n't see the man . 
 after several passes , she eased to the curb , reached in the backseat , and lifted nimrod into the front seat . 
 his tiny feet spun in anticipation , and once she opened the purse he lunged eagerly inside . 
 `` you 're an old pro at this , are n't you , '' she said , adjusting dog and purse on her shoulder . 
 she walked along first avenue , nimrod peeking out from the safety of his mobile home . 
 he felt weightless on her shoulder . 
 the noon sun scorched the pavement . 
 gretchen made an effort to stay in the shadows of the buildings , but they offered little comfort from the oppressive heat . 
 a woman walked slowly toward her , pushing a shopping cart piled with clothes and a variety of personal treasures most people would have discarded . 
 gretchen had read somewhere that women were the fastest-growing segment of the homeless population . 
 a sad statement . 
 gretchen heard the woman mutter as she neared . 
 `` excuse me , '' gretchen said . 
 `` can you help me ? '' 
 the woman stopped and stared at gretchen with suspicion until her gaze shifted to the purse . 
 she saw nimrod and visibly softened . 
 `` i 'm looking for someone , '' gretchen said . 
 `` nice doggy . '' 
 the woman reached out with dirty hands and ragged fingernails to stroke nimrod , and gretchen willed herself not to flinch or pull the purse away . 
 nimrod sniffed curiously and allowed her to pat his little head . 
 `` i 'm looking for a man with a growth on the side of his head , '' gretchen said . 
 `` it 's important that i find him . '' 
 `` i 'm daisy , '' the woman said , not looking up from nimrod , stroking his curly black fur . 
 `` have you come to see me ? 
 i 've been waiting years to be discovered . 
 i 'll be famous , you know , very soon . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you will . 
 but today i 'm looking for someone else . '' 
 daisy sighed . 
 `` always someone else . 
 i 'm always passed over . 
 too short for the part , they say . 
 or too tall . 
 always wrong for the casting . '' 
 she gave nimrod a final pat , hung her head , and began pushing her cart . 
 `` do you know the man ? '' 
 gretchen followed , walking in step with her . 
 `` i do n't know how else to describe him . 
 the lump on his head is sizeable . 
 do you know him ? '' 
 `` nacho , '' daisy muttered . 
 `` macho nacho . 
 what 's the doggy 's name ? '' 
 `` nimrod . '' 
 `` ah , the mighty hunter . '' 
 gretchen felt frustrated . 
 the woman 's delusions must have been caused by mental illness or by the infernal , suffocating desert heat . 
 the weight of the sun burned down on gretchen as she slowed her steps and fell behind daisy , soon coming to a complete stop . 
 nimrod waited patiently at her side as they watched the homeless woman walk away , pushing her cart . 
 `` his name is nacho , '' daisy called loudly without looking back . 
 gretchen ran to catch up , forgetting about the heat . 
 `` where can i find him ? '' 
 `` you look like a nice lady . 
 can you spare a dollar ? '' 
 gretchen moved nimrod to her other shoulder and fished a five dollar bill out of her purse . 
 `` a fiver is just right . 
 high-five , '' daisy exclaimed . 
 she extended her open palm , and gretchen hesitantly followed her lead . 
 daisy slapped their hands together briskly . 
 `` he sleeps some nights at the rescue mission . 
 later today he 'll eat at st. anskar 's parish . 
 the soup kitchen opens at five . 
 you can find him there . '' 
 maybe gretchen had misjudged her mental capabilities . 
 she thanked daisy for the information and hurried back to the car . 
 nimrod woofed from the purse , reminding her abruptly that she had a purse dog to worry about as well as her mother . 
 gretchen stopped at a grocery store to stock up on a few days of supplies and was relieved that nimrod slept at the bottom of the purse while she shopped . 
 she doubted that a food store would welcome a teacup poodle . 
 gretchen arrived at the hair salon in time to escort the freshly shampooed duo . 
 nina and tutu wore identical candy-striped bows in their hair . 
 after nina reclaimed her position in the driver 's seat , gretchen related her meeting with daisy . 
 `` you never said you were looking for that homeless man , '' nina whined . 
 `` i would have liked to come along . '' 
 `` would you like to go to st. anskar 's parish with me later to look for him ? '' 
 gretchen 's offered consolation prize would serve her own interests , too . 
 she needed transportation . 
 `` of course , '' nina said , perking up . 
 `` in the meantime , let 's call gertie . 
 maybe my mother went to michigan to visit . '' 
 gertie johnson , her father 's sister , lived in the michigan upper peninsula . 
 she was n't related by blood to nina or caroline , a fact nina pointed out every time she heard another story about the aunt-in-law 's antics . 
 gertie had named all three of her children for horses : blaze , star , and heather . 
 because blaze was the local sheriff , gertie fancied herself an expert on police procedure and investigative technique . 
 `` that aunt of yours causes nothing but trouble , '' nina said , watching the road with one eye while gretchen punched in numbers on her cell phone . 
 `` she 's an odd duck , if you ask me . '' 
 nina and gertie are exactly alike , gretchen thought . 
 quirky , flamboyant , and always right . 
 that 's why they do n't get along . 
 `` have n't seen her , '' gertie said after exchanging the briefest of pleasantries . 
 gretchen explained the events of the last few days . 
 when she finished , gertie whistled . 
 `` that 's complicated , '' she said . 
 `` have they issued a warrant for caroline yet ? '' 
 `` no , of course not . 
 she did n't kill martha . '' 
 `` bet my shorts they 'll arrest her anyway . '' 
 gretchen shuddered . 
 the thought had crossed her mind as well . 
 `` the answer , '' gertie continued . 
 `` is always right under your nose . '' 
 gretchen looked down at nimrod , who rode on her lap and had a contented smile on his face . 
 at the moment , he was the only thing right under her nose . 
 she heard a distinctive sniff from the backseat where tutu rode solo . 
 `` gretchen , are you listening to me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i 'm confused . '' 
 `` pay attention to everything that 's happening around you , watch people 's reactions . 
 add everything up , and remember that nothing unusual that happens will be a coincident . 
 trust your instincts . '' 
 gretchen smiled . 
 that 's exactly what nina always said . 
 `` and find the dead woman 's bag of clothes . '' 
 gretchen was startled . 
 `` what bag of clothes ? '' 
 `` you said she was homeless , so she does n't have a home you can search for clues . 
 normally i 'd advise you to break in and have a look around . 
 but this is n't a normal situation . 
 she must have had a few personal things . 
 where are they , and what are they ? '' 
 gretchen thought about nacho 's garbage bag and daisy 's shopping cart . 
 even though martha lost all her worldly possessions , she may have collected personal odds and ends since then . 
 `` i 'll check it out . 
 thanks aunt gertie . '' 
 `` have you seen your aunt nina lately ? '' 
 gertie asked . 
 `` that 's one goofball . 
 is she still baby-talking to that spoiled dog of hers and carrying silly miniature dogs in her handbag ? '' 
 `` aunt gert says hi , '' gretchen said after disconnecting . 
 `` i heard the whole thing , '' nina said , indignant . 
 `` that woman 's voice carries like a bad virus . 
 __________ the shuttle squealed to a halt on michigan avenue . 
 caroline joined the crowd of travelers surging to the sidewalk . 
 the drops of rain had turned into a windy squall but subsided as quickly as it came , and caroline was grateful for the reprieve . 
 she walked briskly away , ducked under a breezeway , and cut into a department store entryway . 
 clutching her laptop securely to her , she waited against the wall . 
 no one appeared to be following . 
 good . 
 she had taken too many precautions to lose now . 
 they would find her car soon , if they had n't already . 
 the car , parked far from the phoenix airport , would buy her more time . 
 time . 
 everything depended on her speed and perfect , exquisite timing . 
 she considered calling her sister , but nina could be unpredictable . 
 a wild card in this game of skill could upset her lead . 
 no . 
 nina had done enough damage by bringing her daughter to phoenix . 
 thinking of gretchen drove her back onto the wet sidewalk , and she turned away from lake michigan , heading in the direction that would lead her to the doll . 
 the chicago air hung thick and humid in spite of dark clouds spinning overhead . 
 she steeled herself for the long walk ahead . 
 chapter 7 `` no , '' nina said , hanging up . 
 `` bonnie says the only thing martha had in her possession when she died was the parasol , the note , and the clothes on her body . 
 and she knows that for certain , because she identified martha for the police . '' 
 `` okay , we have a starting point . 
 we have to find out where martha kept her belongings , if she had any , and we have to find the man who threatened me . '' 
 gretchen watched nina select two of her mother 's shirley temple dolls from a cabinet and arrange them on a bench next to the front door . 
 she fluffed their costumes and carefully placed them in position . 
 `` do you think it 's wise to approach someone who recently threatened you ? '' 
 nina stood back and admired her handiwork . 
 `` do i have a choice ? '' 
 gretchen responded . 
 `` if you have a better idea , please share it . '' 
 wobbles made a brief appearance but stalked away when he spotted nimrod and tutu . 
 if he was developing a friendship with the dogs , gretchen could n't detect it . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 gretchen asked , staring at the dolls . 
 `` preparing in case bonnie 's son shows up here again . 
 detective albright is in for a little surprise . 
 no more hiding while his backup crew does his dirty work for him . 
 with these dolls as sentinels , he wo n't dare step foot in here again . '' 
 `` like gargoyles ? 
 they 'll scare him away ? '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she rubbed her hands together and checked the watch on her wrist . 
 `` heavens ! 
 it 's two o’clock . 
 we missed lunch , and i 'm starving . 
 let 's see what we can come up with . 
 come , tutu and nimrod for a leg stretch on the patio . '' 
 they bolted off , and nina returned while gretchen poked in the refrigerator and pulled out the leftovers from larry 's visit that morning . 
 nina sliced a papaya . 
 they made bagel sandwiches and a pot of herbal tea and ate in silence . 
 when gretchen let the dogs back in the house , she saw that nimrod was soaking wet . 
 `` nimrod fell in the pool , '' she called to nina . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i forget that poodles are water dogs . '' 
 nina thumped her head in exasperation . 
 `` i bet he jumped right in . 
 now i 'll have to have him groomed before he goes home . '' 
 after towel-drying nimrod and complaining about the stench of chlorine and other pool chemicals , nina set off with the promise to return in a few hours for the trip to the phoenix rescue mission . 
 gretchen checked the answering machine after she noticed its red light flashing . 
 `` i 'm making progress on these repairs . '' 
 larry 's voice boomed through the room . 
 `` if caroline turns up , give me a call . 
 otherwise , i 'll keep at it . '' 
 gretchen was grateful for larry 's help , whatever his underlying motives might be . 
 meeting deadlines was an important part of restoration . 
 again she went through the motions of checking for messages at her apartment in boston , but the effort felt mechanical and wasted . 
 whatever her mother was up to , it did n't include confiding in her family . 
 she changed into her swimming suit and lowered her body slowly into the blue , sparkling water . 
 wobbles , a true sun worshiper , basked contentedly from a lounge chair . 
 he lifted his head to the sun 's rays with dreamy eyes . 
 gretchen envied his relaxed , worry-free existence . 
 she thought about steve and their future together . 
 she had lost her job permanently and her mother temporarily , and now she had to face steve 's lack of commitment to her . 
 he did n't seem particularly interested in the events that sent her to phoenix or the details associated with her mother 's disappearance . 
 for the first time in seven years , she realized that he marginalized her , that he thought his concerns and worries and actions were more important than hers . 
 if she did n't call him , how long would it take him to call her ? 
 interesting , she thought , to conduct a test . 
 the doorbell rang , interrupting her calculated decision to outwait steve . 
 she stepped from the pool , wrapped a beach towel around her waist , and padded through the house , trailing water . 
 matt albright stood on the porch . 
 `` come in , detective , '' gretchen said , swinging the door wide after passing the two shirley temple dolls . 
 nina and her pranks . 
 but he deserved it after his cold , callous handling of the search and his false friendliness . 
 he seemed surprised at gretchen 's warm greeting , took a step forward , and smiled . 
 once again gretchen admired the way his face lit up . 
 `` i caught you in the pool , '' he said . 
 `` and call me matt . 
 our mothers are good friends . 
 no need to be so formal . '' 
 when he saw the dolls on the bench , the smile slid from his face , and he stopped in his tracks . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 gretchen said with mock concern . 
 `` are you ill ? 
 you look feverish . '' 
 he did look pale and slightly unsteady . 
 panic flickered in his eyes . 
 how could a buffed-up cop exhibit such fear over a harmless doll ? 
 nina 's trick did n't seem so funny after all , and gretchen felt mean-spirited for going along with it . 
 `` give me a second , '' she said , snatching the dolls and quickly transferring them to a shelf in the closet . 
 `` would you like some iced tea ? '' 
 he nodded wordlessly and followed her into the kitchen . 
 gretchen poured two tall glasses of lemonade . 
 she handed him a glass and led the way to the patio , choosing a table under a wide umbrella . 
 she fluffed her damp hair and sat down , still wearing the towel around her waist . 
 the sun sizzled overhead , instantly sucking the moisture from her skin . 
 the swim a few minutes ago seemed like a distant memory as her body temperature climbed . 
 before sitting down next to gretchen , the detective stopped to stroke wobbles , running his hand over the cat 's long body several times . 
 at least he does n't have felinophobia , she thought . 
 `` you will probably regret offering me a cold drink when you find out why i 'm here , '' he said . 
 `` try me . '' 
 `` we 've issued a warrant for your mother 's arrest , '' he said . 
 `` we want her for questioning in the death of martha williams . '' 
 `` quit beating around the bush , '' gretchen said with exaggerated sarcasm . 
 `` get right to the point . 
 all this small talk is killing me . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i could n't think of an easy way to break it to you . '' 
 `` you 're making a big mistake . '' 
 `` all the signs point to her . '' 
 `` expound on that , '' gretchen said , tightly , working to dredge up some of that birch inner strength . 
 strength . 
 that was something she and her mother knew about . 
 a malignant tumor like caroline had encountered inspired courage and resolve in the face of adversity . 
 she twirled her mother 's pink bracelet . 
 `` first , we have the note martha managed to write before she died . 
 that 's damaging . 
 we have the first evidence of a motive . 
 money . 
 that doll from your mother 's workshop was worth three thousand dollars . 
 the entire list could be worth a half million dollars or more . '' 
 `` the entire collection of dolls on the list , perhaps , '' gretchen agreed . 
 `` you 're forgetting that they no longer belonged to martha when she died . 
 for all we know , the collection was broken up and the dolls sold as individual pieces . 
 one three thousand dollar doll is hardly a motive for murder . '' 
 `` that remains to be seen . '' 
 he studied gretchen . 
 `` your mother also had means . 
 martha died on that mountain . '' 
 he pointed up to the peak . 
 `` practically in caroline birch 's back yard . 
 and where is she when we want to question her ? 
 she 's disappeared . '' 
 `` circumstantial evidence , detective . '' 
 gretchen followed his gaze upward . 
 the red rocks glowed in the sunlight . 
 `` i ca n't believe you got a warrant on those grounds . '' 
 he held up his hand , and with his other hand ticked off each point . 
 `` she had means-it happened on her home turf . '' 
 he tapped a finger . 
 `` she had a motive-valuable dolls . '' 
 tap . 
 `` and she 's missing-no alibi . '' 
 tap . 
 `` she 'll explain everything when she comes home , '' gretchen insisted . 
 `` we have witnesses , '' he said , dropping his hands to the table and spreading his fingers wide . 
 `` a man and a woman were hiking together on the mountain at the time it happened . '' 
 gretchen felt light-headed . 
 `` they saw it ? 
 they saw my mother murder martha williams ? '' 
 her voice climbed several octaves . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` they did n't see martha fall . 
 but they saw your mother fleeing . 
 according to their account , she practically ran over them coming down the mountain . 
 she came from the exact spot where martha williams was pushed . '' 
 `` martha williams committed suicide , '' gretchen said , weakly . 
 `` i 'm afraid not . 
 martha williams was murdered . '' 
 gretchen stared at the mountain blankly . 
 there had to be a logical explanation . 
 all the strength she had summoned threatened to seep away . 
 two witnesses saw her mother on the mountain when martha died . 
 she could no longer dismiss his theory as pure speculation . 
 something awful occurred on camelback mountain , and her mother was there at the time . 
 what explanation would she give for running away ? 
 did innocent people run ? 
 `` we have an apb out on her car , '' he continued . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 gretchen 's gaze met his , and she almost believed he truly was sorry . 
 `` you have to tell me where she is . 
 she has to come in and clear this up . '' 
 he leaned closer . 
 `` where is she ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i really do n't know . '' 
 maybe , gretchen thought , it 's time to pool their resources and work with the police . 
 to a degree . 
 she considered sharing the discovery of the doll shawl and photograph with him , but that might only give the police more reason to suspect her mother . 
 it would n't help find her , and it would n't help exonerate her . 
 the bag gretchen found must remain her secret until she understood its significance . 
 until she located the french fashion doll and the trunk , the shawl would stay hidden with nina . 
 `` she left without telling anyone where she was going . 
 that 's why i came to phoenix . 
 nina 's worried about her . '' 
 `` you would n't withhold information to protect her , would you ? '' 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` believe me , i want to find her more than you do . 
 tell me who appraised the doll you found in the workshop ? '' 
 april lehman knew about the doll shawl , and gretchen hoped she had n't shared her knowledge with the police . 
 `` an appraiser over in glendale . 
 april lehman was n't available . 
 seems she left town for a few days . '' 
 the detective drained his glass and stood . 
 gretchen walked with him through the backyard gate and around the side of the house . 
 the home 's landscaping matched the wildness of the sonora desert and camelback mountain : spiked cacti , red-hued boulders , and spindly whiplike ocotillos that were leafless in dry july but exploded with red blossoms in april . 
 a chameleon darted across the walkway in front of them . 
 `` someone threatened me last night , '' she said , and related the encounter and the words spoken by the homeless man : `` get out while you still can . '' 
 `` and you think he has something to do with the williams murder . '' 
 murder . 
 gretchen cringed at the word . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` i think he knows something important . 
 my plan is to find him . '' 
 `` well , my plan is to find caroline birch . '' 
 matt stopped at his car , a nondescript blue chevrolet with no official markings . 
 `` how about this ? 
 you keep me informed , and i 'll do the same . '' 
 `` are n't you going to threaten me with jail if i withhold information ? 
 i am , as you recall , the main suspect 's daughter . '' 
 matt smiled . 
 `` you watch too many cop shows . 
 this is n't a movie . 
 besides - '' she interrupted him . 
 `` i know . 
 our mothers are friends . '' 
 __________ gretchen sat on a stool in the workshop and imagined her mother bent over a broken doll , in the process of restoring it to its original splendor . 
 a healer . 
 her mother 's lifework brought renewal , not destruction . 
 from one of the repair bins marked as sale dolls , she selected a grime-coated wax doll with a damaged nose . 
 once the doll was cleaned and repaired , her mother would take it to a doll show along with boxes of other dolls collected for that purpose . 
 sitting in the shop , she felt closer to her mother . 
 using light pressure , she began to clean the doll with cold cream , carefully spreading it around the eyes and ears with a q-tip . 
 gretchen smiled to herself . 
 when she was learning the business , her mother had set her up at a table laden with paraffin wax and candles and supplies , and instructed her to experiment . 
 carve it , she 'd said , mold it into shapes , and color it with crayons . 
 then melt some in a pot and create something entirely new . 
 it was one of her most memorable adult play days , and when she had finished , she possessed a working knowledge of wax dolls and their care . 
 this particular doll 's nose had worn away . 
 gretchen reached for a hair dryer hanging from a peg over the bench , turned it on , and blew hot air on the area until the wax surrounding the worn nose became malleable . 
 carefully and patiently , she pushed the wax toward the end of the nose until she had created a new one . 
 she held the doll up and examined her work . 
 __________ caroline approached the luxury condominium without a concrete plan of action . 
 turning off michigan avenue , she found the condo units she sought . 
 complete with indoor parking and spectacular lake views . 
 a uniformed doorman stood at attention inside the glass doors , a buffer between the building 's self-proclaimed elite and the commoners from the street below . 
 caroline tucked silver strands of hair under her baseball cap . 
 she brushed her hands across her shorts and top , smoothing out wrinkles caused by sleeping in her clothes . 
 her right hand clutched her laptop . 
 she knew she would never get past the guard . 
 she entered a series of numbers on her cell phone , and the same woman picked up on the first ring . 
 `` please , '' she said , trying to keep the sound of desperation out of her voice . 
 `` i realize that mr. timms is away , but if i could only see the doll for a minute . 
 that 's all i need . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 one of the first truths in this scheme of deception and lies . 
 caroline leaned against the side of the high-rise building and closed her eyes . 
 when she opened them , the security guard had repositioned , moving closer , eyeing her with distrust . 
 `` mr. timms called early this morning , '' the woman said . 
 `` i told him you had arrived . 
 his private plane will land within the hour . 
 his trip was successful , allowing him to return earlier than expected . 
 call again in a few hours . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 caroline disconnected as large rain drops splattered on the walk around her . 
 thank you . 
 thank you . 
 she trembled in anticipation . 
 a few hours of waiting would feel like several long , agonizing days . 
 she could hear every lost minute ticking away in her mind . 
 rain pelted her . 
 she ran to the other side of the street , protecting her laptop and cursing chicago 's unpredictable weather : damp , humid , dreary . 
 with any luck she would be out of this city by nightfall . 
 chapter 8 nina sat at the kitchen table , her hands covering her face in horror while gretchen broke the news . 
 tutu and nimrod , temporarily forgotten by their caregiver , ran roughshod over the house . 
 gretchen heard a warning hiss from the bedroom followed by a yelp , and both dogs bolted back into the kitchen . 
 tutu sported a fresh claw mark on her nose , and gretchen measured the extent of nina 's anguish by her failure to even notice . 
 `` this is a nightmare , '' nina wailed . 
 `` slap me . 
 wake me up . '' 
 gretchen would have gladly followed nina 's instructions if she thought a slap would help . 
 was n't she the one who should be crying on nina 's shoulder , not the other way around ? 
 what had happened to her cool , mystical aunt ? 
 `` call steve , '' nina said through broken sobs . 
 `` we need a lawyer . '' 
 `` steve 's a divorce attorney . 
 he wo n't be able to help us . 
 matt said the most important thing is to find her and bring her back . '' 
 `` matt who ? '' 
 nina asked through a space between her fingers . 
 `` matt albright , the detective . '' 
 `` oh , suddenly he 's matt . 
 what happened to detective albright ? 
 you 're forgetting who the enemy is . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 gretchen handed nina a box of tissues . 
 `` he 's right . 
 she has to come back and explain what happened . 
 he is n't the enemy . 
 martha 's killer is the enemy . '' 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 nina blew her nose loudly . 
 `` caroline better have something to say for herself . 
 how could she become involved in something like this ? '' 
 `` we need to find out who really killed martha . '' 
 gretchen paused to absorb the scope of what she was proposing . 
 `` and we need to find out why my mother was on camelback mountain . 
 what happened up there ? '' 
 she chewed the inside of her cheek while she thought about the possibilities . 
 nina slammed her hands on the table . 
 `` let 's go . 
 i ca n't stand just sitting here . '' 
 she rounded up her dogs , stuffing nimrod in his purse and bundling tutu in her arms . 
 gretchen nodded . 
 `` let 's go find the elusive nacho . '' 
 nina drove like her life hung in the balance , and gretchen realized for the first time how close her mother and her aunt really were . 
 she , too , fought against a growing pressure around her own heart , the physical pain of life gone awry . 
 losing her job seemed insignificant now . 
 even her issues with steve seemed petty . 
 `` slow down , '' gretchen called . 
 `` we wo n't be much help to her if we 're dead . '' 
 `` where did april go ? '' 
 nina asked , easing off the gas a little . 
 `` april did n't say anything to me about going away . '' 
 `` it 's to our advantage . 
 i did n't tell matt about the shawl and picture and was worried that she might . '' 
 `` i think she knows more than she 's letting on . 
 maybe she wants to beat us to the doll . 
 remember , it was her idea to keep it a secret . '' 
 gretchen gripped the dashboard as nina took a sharp right turn . 
 `` you might be overreacting . 
 april seemed harmless to me . '' 
 `` she hated martha . 
 you saw her reaction . 
 she even admitted it . 
 she could be our killer . '' 
 gretchen considered april - enormous , lumbering april . 
 `` how could she have climbed up the mountain to push martha ? 
 she can barely manage a porch step . '' 
 `` you 'd be amazed at how limber large people can be when they want to , '' nina said , turning onto thirty-fifth avenue and continuing past the phoenix rescue mission . 
 `` there it is . '' 
 gretchen pointed ahead , and nina swung over and found a parking space . 
 she left the car running so cool air continued to circulate . 
 gretchen and nina stayed inside the car and looked at the church . 
 st. anskar 's parish was set back from the street . 
 its whitewashed façade gleamed in the sun , and a large gold cross glistened above a small courtyard leading to the massive front doors . 
 `` we 're a little early , '' gretchen said , impatiently checking her watch . 
 fifteen minutes later people began to arrive at the church . 
 most of them came alone , shuffling slowly down the street , silent and weary from the heat , motivated by the promise of a free meal . 
 each turned in to the courtyard and followed a walkway that led around the side of the building . 
 gretchen and nina watched from the car . 
 `` should we wait here until he comes by ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 `` or go inside ? '' 
 `` let 's wait here and confront him on the sidewalk , '' gretchen said . 
 `` we do n't know how he will react , and we do n't want to create a scene inside . 
 when he comes , i 'll get out and stop him . '' 
 she glanced at the dogs in the backseat . 
 they panted heavily and smeared saliva on the back windows . 
 gretchen watched an old man limp past , wearing more clothes than should be bearable . 
 `` well , '' nina said . 
 `` i hope he comes along soon , or the car is going to overheat . '' 
 gretchen turned slightly in her seat and peered down the street in the opposite direction . 
 `` we 're in luck . 
 here he comes , '' she said , clutching nina 's arm . 
 he wore the same clothes he 'd worn last night and carried the same black garbage bag tucked under his arm . 
 as he approached , his gaze fell on nina 's red impala . 
 he froze in place . 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 gretchen began , confused by his response . 
 he was reacting to the car as though he knew it . 
 she jumped out when she saw him running away . 
 `` stay here , '' she commanded , slamming the car door and breaking into a run . 
 he turned a corner , and she followed . 
 gretchen 's pulse throbbed as she gave pursuit . 
 she was in excellent condition from hiking and jogging and could keep up with almost anyone . 
 but he had a wide lead that she would have to close . 
 her eyes were riveted on the man ahead . 
 he glanced back over his shoulder and increased his pace . 
 gretchen 's legs pumped faster . 
 nacho cut across the street against the light . 
 horns blew . 
 someone shouted out a warning . 
 gretchen 's eyes never left the fleeing man as she raced across the street behind him , even though she realized the danger in crossing a busy street . 
 she heard her name called out and instinctively turned her head . 
 nina cruised next to her in the impala with the window down . 
 `` let him go , '' she called . 
 `` it 's not worth it . '' 
 gretchen looked ahead just as he left the sidewalk and disappeared between two commercial buildings . 
 ignoring nina , she gave chase . 
 nacho was the path to her mother , possibly the key to martha 's murder . 
 this might be her only chance , and she was n't about to blow it . 
 he ran like a desert coyote , like his life depended on it , his arms pumping hard , his eyes , when he glanced back , frightened . 
 gretchen remembered the alcohol on his breath the night before and wondered where his stamina came from . 
 maybe his fear was greater than hers , and that was what drove his momentum . 
 in spite of having nothing material to show for his life , he might have more to lose than she did . 
 if that was possible . 
 she began to gain on him . 
 closer and closer . 
 she could hear her breath , usually controlled when she ran distances , pounding in her ears . 
 now it came out ragged , and she struggled to establish a rhythm . 
 the sweltering heat beating down from the desert sun was unbearable . 
 he vanished behind another building . 
 gretchen rushed after him . 
 rounding a corner , something shot out at her from a dumpster against the wall and struck her below her knees . 
 gretchen felt herself falling . 
 she lurched forward , trying to recover from the fall , but it was too late . 
 she put her hands out in front of her to break the fall and felt a sharp pain in her left wrist as her body slammed into concrete . 
 footsteps thundered past her . 
 then silence . 
 she struggled to her feet , holding her wrist . 
 nacho , her only lead , had vanished . 
 __________ when gretchen emerged from between the buildings , nina jumped from the car and shouted at her . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` you could have been killed . 
 you did n't know if he had a gun . 
 what were you going to do if you caught him ? '' 
 she clasped her hands on top of her head . 
 `` he could have had a knife and sliced you to pieces . '' 
 gretchen gasped for breath . 
 she bent over and cradled her wrist . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 nina said , noticing gretchen 's protective stance . 
 `` hurt ... my ... wrist . '' 
 an image of nacho running flashed through gretchen 's head . 
 his long strides . 
 his arm motions assisting him , increasing his speed . 
 the arms were important . 
 `` let me see . '' 
 nina hurried over to her . 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` he ... '' she gasped . 
 `` ... tripped me . '' 
 the arms , she thought . 
 what am i missing ? 
 she realized what it was . 
 `` he dropped the bag . '' 
 nina scowled . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the garbage bag . 
 he must have thrown it off somewhere along the way . '' 
 gretchen straightened up . 
 `` hurry . 
 we have to find it . '' 
 gretchen ran quickly along the sidewalk , retracing her steps . 
 nina swung the car around and followed . 
 the dogs , sensing a game afoot , watched side by side out the back window . 
 tutu yelped encouragement , her excitement spurring nimrod to join in . 
 when did she notice that he was swinging both arms ? 
 after they crossed the intersection but before nacho ducked between the buildings . 
 she walked to the intersection and studied her surroundings . 
 sharp pain shot through her wrist , forcing her to support it with her other hand . 
 where was nacho now ? 
 was he watching from a hiding place ? 
 she had to beat him to the garbage bag . 
 gretchen looked up and down the street but did n't see him . 
 she peeked into a trash receptacle on the corner , then motioned to nina with her head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nina asked , stepping out of the impala . 
 `` you 'll have to grab it , '' gretchen said . 
 `` he stuffed the bag in here . '' 
 she gestured with her hands . 
 `` do i have to ? '' 
 nina said , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` afraid so . '' 
 nina pulled out the black bag with a grimace of disgust and held it away from her body . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` let 's look through it in the car , then i 'll return it , '' gretchen suggested . 
 `` i do n't want to take it away from him . 
 it 's all he has . '' 
 nina looked at her sharply . 
 `` after what he 's put you through , how can you sympathize with him ? 
 he threatened you . 
 and look at your wrist . 
 an innocent man does n't run away like he did . 
 and you do n't want to take his bag ? 
 unbelievable ! '' 
 nina continued to grumble as they returned to the car . 
 her protests grew louder when she realized she 'd have to search the bag herself . 
 gretchen 's wrist began to swell and turn a deep purple . 
 the search produced a single change of clothes , not especially clean , and a thick tattered notebook held together with two rubber bands . 
 at gretchen 's insistence , nina found a piece of paper and a pen and gretchen wrote out a message for nacho with her good right hand , advising him that she had his notebook . 
 she would return it , she wrote , when he was ready to answer her questions . 
 she included her cell phone number . 
 `` i 'm holding it hostage , '' gretchen said to nina . 
 `` maybe he 's written something useful in it . '' 
 nina stalked over to the garbage receptacle and stuffed the bag inside . 
 `` he 'll probably murder us in our sleep , '' she said on returning to the car . 
 `` that 's how he 'll get his notebook back . '' 
 gretchen wondered why he had run away . 
 what had scared him ? 
 nina pulled away from the curb . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 `` that gas station on the corner for ice , '' gretchen said , wincing . 
 `` then the hospital . '' 
 __________ caroline 's eyes traced the arch of the high ceiling , the original paintings on the walls , and the marble floor beneath her feet . 
 she sat on a high-backed tasseled sofa . 
 rudolph timms sat across from her in a broad leather chair -- tall and slender , with a pronounced widow 's peak and dark , piercing eyes . 
 `` i still do n't see the fuss over this particular doll , '' he said . 
 `` as i explained earlier , i 'm researching my next book , and i 'd like a photograph of the doll you own , '' caroline said , her story believable even to her ears . 
 `` for the book . '' 
 he chuckled , obviously proud of his latest acquisition . 
 `` it is a perfect madame rohmer from the mid-eighteen-hundreds . 
 original costume and the blue rohmer stamp on the leather body . 
 quite a find . '' 
 `` glazed china , '' caroline muttered . 
 `` swivel head ? '' 
 rudolph timms nodded . 
 `` and blonde wig . '' 
 caroline held up a small leica camera . 
 `` a shot or two would be appreciated his thick brows met the dark widow 's peak . 
 `` how did you find me so quickly ? 
 i only acquired the doll recently . '' 
 `` i followed the auction online , '' caroline said , feeling chilled in her damp clothes . 
 `` i considered bidding myself . '' 
 `` i would have outbid you , no matter the cost , '' he said . 
 `` i had to have this doll for my very own . 
 whatever the price . '' 
 caroline arched a brow . 
 `` whatever the price ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` yes , '' he agreed . 
 `` i would have paid whatever it took . '' 
 rudolph timms rose . 
 `` i 'll get her . '' 
 caroline held her breath as he walked away . 
 chapter 9 when gretchen emerged from scottsdale memorial hospital at a little after seven o’clock with a cast on her broken left wrist , she found detective albright leaning against his car at the curb . 
 he sauntered over to join her . 
 `` i 'm looking for aunt nina , '' gretchen said , coolly while she scanned the immediate vicinity for the red impala . 
 `` she is n't in the waiting room . '' 
 `` your aunt nina tried to hide a mutt in her purse , '' he said . 
 `` the emergency room staff did n't appreciate it . '' 
 `` tutu would n't fit in her purse , '' gretchen said . 
 `` that 's absurd . '' 
 `` that 's what the staff said . '' 
 matt glanced at her wrist . 
 `` broken , i see . '' 
 `` i tripped and fell . '' 
 gretchen 's eyes searched for nina . 
 she was n't in any mood to deal with the police , and the quicker she found her ride home , the better . 
 she hoped the painkiller administered by the nurse would kick in soon . 
 `` your aunt left , '' he said , his lips twitching in amusement . 
 `` i told her i 'd wait for you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 gretchen could n't believe her ears . 
 nina abandoned her ? 
 left her trapped with the cop who wanted to put her mother behind bars ? 
 what was nina thinking ? 
 `` i can see by the look on your face that you are n't happy with the arrangement . '' 
 he walked around the car and opened the passenger door . 
 `` my mother is helping nina call the phoenix dollers club members together for an emergency meeting . 
 i did n't give your aunt a choice . '' 
 `` is this a trick ? '' 
 gretchen 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` if i get in the car , will you take me to nina or ... '' `` or what ? '' 
 matt laughed . 
 `` kidnap you for interrogation and lock you in the bowels of the police station ? 
 no . 
 better than that . 
 i get to hang out with a roomful of people who know caroline birch , and i get to listen to them discuss ways to find her . '' 
 he still held the door open . 
 `` you ca n't do that , '' gretchen said , sliding into the seat , careful not to jar her arm . 
 `` yes i can , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm an honorary member . '' 
 `` how did your mother get the club together on such short notice and on a saturday night ? '' 
 `` easy . 
 she tempted them with the promise of food . '' 
 as they pulled out of the hospital parking lot into traffic , gretchen wondered about nina 's mental state . 
 she had always been on the sidelines of rational thought . 
 but leaving gretchen with a cop , never mind his remote connection to the doll group ... the detective must have intimidated her with his badge or threatened her in some way . 
 matt rolled up to a stop sign and looking both ways . 
 `` aunt nina 's trunk produced interesting new material in the williams case . 
 she turned over the items you found on camelback mountain - a shawl and doll picture - but she was n't happy about it . '' 
 `` you searched her car ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` standard procedure when someone tries to smuggle contraband into a hospital , '' he said . 
 `` some might call it withholding evidence . '' 
 `` so , arrest me . '' 
 `` ca n't , '' matt said , lightly . 
 `` i 'm using you as a decoy . '' 
 `` as in hunting for ducks . '' 
 gretchen stifled a smile . 
 he did have a certain charm . 
 matt nodded . 
 `` just like that . 
 i 'm hoping your mother will spot you floating in the water and fly in for a reunion . '' 
 gretchen did n't like being compared to a sitting duck . 
 `` she 's too smart to think there 's any water in arizona . 
 she 'll know it 's a mirage . '' 
 __________ bonnie albright attempted to call the meeting to order . 
 she banged a kitchen mallet on the stovetop . 
 people milled around holding plates heaped with assorted appetizers . 
 cheeses , crusty bread , fruits , and tiny sandwiches . 
 all ignored bonnie . 
 bang . 
 bang . 
 bang . 
 tutu coolly surveyed the scene from her throne on the sofa , and nimrod entertained the club members by being cute and cuddly . 
 they passed him from lap to lap . 
 gretchen counted three purse dogs waiting patiently in their uniquely customized bags . 
 all , gretchen guessed , graduates of nina 's fine purse school . 
 nina really knew how to sell a product . 
 bang . 
 bang . 
 bang . 
 `` give it up , bonnie , '' nina said , `` before you pound a hole in the stove . 
 pop the cork on that champagne . '' 
 she pointed to a bottle and a line of flute glasses . 
 `` and come and join us . '' 
 bonnie shook her head , and her red lacquered flip moved in sync . 
 `` the last time you popped the cork , social hour went on for hours , and by the time we started with actual business , no one could focus on the task at hand . '' 
 `` this , '' nina replied , `` is n't a normal , boring meeting filled with hours of tedious planning . 
 the agenda for this evening is caroline , and she 's a worthy reason to stay sober . 
 but i still need a drink . 
 matt would you open the bottle , please . '' 
 nina clapped her hands together . 
 `` all purse dogs outside . '' 
 pandemonium reigned while miniature dogs swarmed through the room like greyhounds off to the race . 
 nina gestured at the champagne bottle , and matt moved around her and worked the cork until it exploded like a gunshot . 
 he filled glasses and handed them out . 
 gretchen , refusing a glass because of the painkiller she 'd taken earlier , raised an eyebrow when he held up a glass , met her eyes , and took a sip . 
 `` are n't you on duty ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yup , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm undercover , remember ? 
 i 'm blending in . 
 do n't tell anybody , but this is only water . '' 
 gretchen surveyed the group . 
 she counted twelve heads , most of them familiar from past visits . 
 larry and julia stood in the far corner with a small group of specialty collectors . 
 gretchen remembered each of them by their areas of interest . 
 rita phyller collected barbie dolls . 
 susie hocker , the youngest member of the club , had an extensive collection of madame alexander dolls . 
 karen fitz bought as many contemporaries as she could afford on a kindergarten teacher 's wages -- lee middletons and zawieruszynskis were her favorites , if gretchen remembered right . 
 nina pulled her aside . 
 `` how 's your wrist ? '' 
 `` broken , '' gretchen said . 
 `` it throbs . '' 
 `` you 're not mad at me , are you ? '' 
 `` why ? 
 for dumping the detective on me ? 
 or for giving him the shawl and doll picture ? '' 
 `` i tried to resist , but he threatened to call for backup and arrest me . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i really am . '' 
 nina sipped from her glass . 
 `` he 's very charming in a rugged sort of way . 
 he was only doing his job . '' 
 `` if i remember right , you called him ` the enemy ' earlier today . '' 
 `` i was distraught . 
 i overreacted a little . '' 
 `` i ca n't get away from him . 
 every time i turn around , he 's right behind me . 
 how did he know i was at the hospital ? 
 did you call him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 when that nasty nurse escorted tutu and me out of the building , he was parked at the curb like he knew we were inside . '' 
 gretchen thought it over . 
 `` he 's been following us . '' 
 `` i never noticed . 
 i 'm sure i would have noticed . '' 
 gretchen glanced across the room and met the detective 's eyes . 
 he saluted her with his glass . 
 she looked quickly away . 
 `` we have to be more careful from now on . '' 
 nina worked her arm through gretchen 's . 
 `` let me introduce you to joseph reiner . 
 he 's an antique doll dealer from mesa and is a brand new member of the dollers . '' 
 gretchen followed nina 's gaze . 
 she would have remembered if she had met him in the past . 
 dark and swarthy , with diamond studs in both ear lobes and a goatee , he wore a short-sleeved pink button-down shirt tucked into yellow shorts . 
 `` i know , '' nina said . 
 `` you 're wondering if joseph is gay . 
 no one knows for sure . 
 no hard evidence , and i would be the last one to start a rumor . '' 
 gretchen grinned at nina . 
 `` of course you would n't . '' 
 `` just do n't offer him a glass of champagne , '' nina said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` he spent three months in jail . 
 dwi . 
 his fourth one . 
 i hear he has n't touched a drop since he was released . '' 
 nina pulled gretchen along and made the introductions . 
 joseph clutched a can of diet coke in his left hand , while he asked about the cast on her wrist . 
 bonnie called out . 
 `` yes . 
 tell us what happened . 
 how did you break your wrist ? '' 
 matt had a smart-aleck grin on his face as gretchen gave them an abbreviated version , leaving out the part about the footrace . 
 even if matt had been following nina 's car , he could n't know about her encounter with nacho , which took place behind a building off the street . 
 so there was no accounting for the smirk on his face at the moment . 
 then she remembered the chase across the busy street . 
 had he been there ? 
 `` clumsy of me , '' she finished , lamely . 
 `` i must have fallen on it wrong . '' 
 `` speaking of falling wrong , '' nina said addressing everyone in the room . 
 `` martha williams took a serious fall wrong . 
 i called this meeting to discuss martha 's death and to ask for your help in locating caroline . 
 it 's no secret that a note was found with martha that had caroline 's name on it . '' 
 several heads nodded in agreement . 
 gretchen saw matt scowl at his mother . 
 she surmised that bonnie would n't be privy to any more juicy bits of evidence thrown her way by her son . 
 `` and a valuable doll parasol was found in her pocket , '' nina continued . 
 detective albright slapped a hand against his head and looked up at the ceiling . 
 after a whispered consultation with gretchen , nina told the club members about the paisley shawl and the photograph of the french fashion doll and trunk , and about april 's evaluation of their worth . 
 gretchen heard the appropriate oohs and ahhs when they learned that the doll was designed by the world-famous bru . 
 gretchen could tell that the detective was disturbed by the direction the discussion was taking . 
 it threatened to expose his shrouded secret evidence , and she planned on making her own contribution . 
 `` detective albright , '' gretchen said . 
 `` why do n't you show the club members the picture you confiscated . 
 maybe someone will recognize it . '' 
 `` good idea , '' bonnie said . 
 `` matt , you should have thought of that . '' 
 after sending a scathing look at his mother , matt went out to his car and returned with the bubble-wrapped package . 
 he pulled at the tape until the items inside were exposed to all the club members . 
 no one from the phoenix dollers owned a bru french fashion doll , nor did they know of anyone in the valley who might possess such a rare find . 
 murmurs of appreciation filled the room when they saw the photo . 
 `` i heard that martha owned a french fashion doll years ago , '' rita phyller said . 
 `` that 's an old rumor , '' joseph said . 
 `` i knew her quite well before she took to the streets , and she never said anything to me about owning a bru . '' 
 `` what was a bru parasol doing in her pocket then ? '' 
 karen fitz wanted to know . 
 `` caroline has some answering to do , '' bonnie added , glancing at nina . 
 `` i know she 's your sister , and i do n't want to say anything bad about her ... '' `` that would be a first , bonnie , '' nina said , glaring at bonnie then holding up a hand . 
 `` i know it does n't look good . 
 but gretchen and i are convinced that if we can locate her , she will be able to clear this up . 
 has anyone seen her since martha died ? '' 
 gretchen listened in dismay as she realized that no one in the room had any helpful information . 
 they threw around theories , careful not to insult nina or gretchen with innuendos , but in the end , nothing new came to light . 
 `` joseph , '' matt said . 
 `` you said you knew martha well ? '' 
 joseph rubbed his fingers on his right ear , a nervous gesture , gretchen thought . 
 `` she 'd come around to see what i had in stock . 
 we 'd talk shop . '' 
 `` did she ever buy anything ? '' 
 `` naw . 
 she did n't have two nickels to rub together . 
 she only came to look . '' 
 `` when 's the last time you saw her ? '' 
 `` i 'd have to think about it . '' 
 joseph 's fingers twirled a diamond stud , and gretchen could see tension etched on his face . 
 `` we can wait , '' matt said . 
 bonnie tittered nervously . 
 `` what is this ? 
 the third degree ? 
 next you 'll be asking all of us for alibis . '' 
 the detective 's eyes met gretchen 's . 
 `` at the moment , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm only interested in one specific alibi . '' 
 __________ caroline 's hands trembled as she held the nineteen-inch china doll on her lap . 
 she studied the marking on the doll 's body and stroked the cream dress with dainty blue feather wisps in the design . 
 was this it ? 
 the madame rohmer she had crossed the country to find ? 
 it had to be . 
 could there be another exactly like the one she sought ? 
 impossible . 
 but she had to be sure . 
 caroline would have examined the inside of the doll 's head if the pate had been loose . 
 with the doll 's new owner sitting next to her , she could n't very well rip its head off . 
 `` do you have a flashlight i can use ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rudolph timms ' piercing eyes searched hers questioningly . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 i thought you wanted a picture . '' 
 caroline , remembering her ruse , quickly arranged the doll on the ornate sofa and moved back , camera to her eye . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind , '' she said , after snapping several pictures . 
 `` it 's not every day that i have the opportunity to examine such a wonderful specimen so closely . '' 
 rudolph preened as though she were complimenting him personally . 
 `` a flashlight would illuminate the doll , '' caroline said , desperate to convince him of the truth of her lie . 
 `` the picture will be more striking with additional lighting . '' 
 `` oh , yes , of course . '' 
 he hurried across the room and opened a drawer in a desk against the wall . 
 `` this should do . '' 
 to continue the illusion , caroline arranged the light and took more pictures . 
 then with the doll on her lap , she tapped on the doll 's head and listened . 
 she tapped again on its cheek . 
 she heard a dull thud . 
 her excitement grew . 
 she pulled the wig high and held the flashlight against the back of its head . 
 she examined the face of the doll , moving the light as she worked . 
 rudolph timms cleared his throat . 
 `` remarkable , '' caroline said , without looking up from her work . 
 `` simply remarkable . '' 
 the lights rays penetrated through layers of transparent porcelain . 
 caroline 's gasp of relief caught in her throat . 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 yes . 
 she had the doll right in her lap . 
 chapter 10 gretchen stood outside . 
 she heard coyotes howling in the distance . 
 larry and julia were the last to leave . 
 larry wandered out to join her while julia and nina worked in the kitchen . 
 julia , apparently allergy-free tonight , had offered to help clean up in the spirit of renewed camaraderie . 
 more likely , she hoped for an earful of tantalizing new gossip . 
 `` where did you and julia originally live , '' gretchen asked larry . 
 `` everyone in the phoenix area seems to be transplanted from another state , mainly from the midwest . 
 i have yet to meet a native arizonian in phoenix or scottsdale . '' 
 `` we 're both from cleveland , '' he said , laughing . 
 he wore sunglasses to hide his facial tic . 
 gretchen wondered how he could see through them in the dark of night . 
 if she did n't remove her sunglasses before entering any type of building , she could n't see a thing . 
 `` ah , you started out here as snowbirds . '' 
 permanent arizonians , gretchen knew , were n't particularly fond of northerners who fled their home states every winter to bask for a few months in the sun . 
 when the cherry and apple trees began to blossom , the snowbirds returned home . 
 `` did n't we all ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the coyotes ' howls were joined by others , and a choir of yipp yipp calls sounded across the desert . 
 `` thank you for your help with the repair projects , '' gretchen said . 
 `` my pleasure . 
 julia does n't let me work on restorations much anymore . 
 she wants me out buying and selling . 
 i forgot how much i enjoy it . '' 
 `` it 's relaxing , '' gretchen acknowledged , recalling the many times she had assisted her mother , immersing herself in a doll project , forgetting about the passage of time and life 's pressing responsibilities . 
 `` repairing a doll is one of the few times when i actually live in the moment , '' she said . 
 `` there 's something very zen about it . '' 
 larry agreed . 
 `` i 'm making a wig for one of caroline 's customers . 
 it 's time consuming but gratifying . 
 working on it gives me that same sense of timelessness . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 're making a wig ? '' 
 gretchen was surprised . 
 her mother saved wigs from dolls that were beyond repair and used them to replace damaged wigs . 
 `` that 's well beyond the call of duty . 
 the workshop has bins brimming with supplies . 
 you could look there for a wig that would work . '' 
 `` i enjoy the challenge . 
 wig making is one of my specialties . '' 
 `` what material are you using ? 
 mohair ? 
 a kit ? 
 `` kits are for amateurs , you know that . 
 i 'm using human hair . 
 it 's going to be an extraordinary wig when i 'm finished . '' 
 `` is a local salon saving hair for you ? '' 
 gretchen had found several human hairpieces stored in the repair shop , but she knew her mother avoided making them unless a customer could n't be satisfied in any other way and if the price was right . 
 `` i ca n't give out my secrets , '' larry said , crisply . 
 `` your mother might move into my territory . '' 
 gretchen eyed him . 
 `` i think it 's the other way around . 
 but seriously , i appreciate your help , and i 'm sure she will , too , when she gets back . '' 
 she did n't add that her mother would have more problems than she could deal with when she resurfaced without worrying about her customers ' needs . 
 `` maybe i can pitch in soon and help you out , '' she added . 
 `` no rush . '' 
 julia , her bulldog jaw leading the way , whirled out in a flurry of activity , and the gerneys waved from the car windows as they drove off . 
 `` he 's still out there ? '' 
 nina asked , joining her and peering into the night . 
 gretchen nodded and glanced down the street where the detective sat in his car . 
 `` does he really think i 'm going to lead him to my mother ? '' 
 `` that tells me he 's out of ideas . 
 he 's hoping you come up with something . '' 
 `` he and i are in agreement on that , '' gretchen said , wearily . 
 `` but i do n't know what to do next . '' 
 `` we can start with that disgusting dirty journal you swiped from nacho . '' 
 `` i completely forgot about it . '' 
 the painkiller seemed to be affecting her mental alertness , but at the moment she did n't care . 
 the pill had done its magic , and her wrist did n't hurt nearly as much as it did . 
 with one last look at the detective 's car , gretchen returned to the house , fished through her purse , and extracted the worn notebook . 
 nina carefully drew the curtains and the two of them settled at the kitchen table . 
 `` he would n't creep around and look in the windows , would he ? '' 
 gretchen asked , carefully removing the rubber bands encircling the notebook . 
 nina shrugged . 
 `` who knows what he will do ? 
 we should have brought a few of caroline 's dolls over to post at the windows and doors as guards . '' 
 she watched gretchen open the thick wad of paper with disgust . 
 `` what a mess . '' 
 without the rubber bands to hold the notebook together , bits and pieces of paper slipped out onto the table . 
 a few fell to the floor . 
 gretchen bent down and retrieved them . 
 `` he must have saved every receipt he ever received . '' 
 she picked through a variety of purchase receipts from fast food restaurants and liquor stores . 
 `` he drinks a lot of wine , '' she noted . 
 `` i 'm not at all surprised . '' 
 nina gingerly sorted through a stack on the table . 
 `` here 's a gas receipt . '' 
 gretchen glanced over at the paper in nina 's hand . 
 `` a gas receipt ? 
 he has a car ? '' 
 `` of course , not . 
 he must have picked it up from the street . '' 
 nina squinted at the fine print . 
 gretchen took the receipt . 
 `` the gas was purchased yesterday with a credit card . '' 
 `` who knows why he has it , '' nina said , dismissing it . 
 `` keep going . '' 
 gretchen put it aside and unfolded a piece of paper that had been folded multiple times , one of many stuffed into the notebook . 
 `` phone numbers , random scribbles , pages ripped out and stuffed back in . 
 i can barely make out his handwriting . 
 sorting through this mess is going to take time . '' 
 `` spend the night here , '' nina suggested . 
 `` i 'll make some herbal tea , and we 'll get it done , however long it takes . 
 every hour counts . '' 
 `` let 's get to it then , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and make us something stronger than herbal tea . 
 give me something with caffeine . 
 coffee , if you have it . '' 
 several hours later and after multiple cups of coffee , gretchen and nina were nearing the back of the notebook and the last few pages . 
 gretchen turned a page and almost spewed coffee across the scattered papers on the table . 
 `` look at this . '' 
 she held up a crumpled sheet of paper . 
 nina gasped . 
 it was a copy of the picture of the french fashion doll reposing serenely in her wooden trunk . 
 the exact same photograph gretchen had found on the mountain that now was held as evidence by the phoenix police . 
 `` we should have started at the back of the notebook . 
 does n't it figure ? '' 
 gretchen stared at the copy of the valuable doll , then turned the paper over . 
 `` there 's a message on the back , '' she said , reading aloud . 
 `` i have the doll but the trunk is too large . 
 hide it for me . '' 
 she glanced quickly up and handed it to nina . 
 `` the handwriting is different from the rest of this notebook . 
 it 's not nacho 's , but i know that handwriting from somewhere . '' 
 `` you should know it , '' nina said . 
 `` it 's caroline 's . '' 
 __________ caroline studied rudolph timms and wondered about the best approach . 
 `` were you aware when you purchased the doll , '' she said . 
 `` that it had been extensively repaired . '' 
 timms uncrossed his long legs and stood up . 
 `` impossible , '' he said . 
 `` this doll is in mint condition . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid it is n't . '' 
 caroline shone the light on the doll 's head . 
 `` porcelain is translucent . 
 repair materials are not . 
 see the streaks . '' 
 timms leaned forward . 
 `` yes . 
 i see them . '' 
 `` the streaks indicate repaired cracks . 
 if we removed the doll 's head , i could demonstrate more effectively . '' 
 `` that wo n't be necessary , '' timms said weakly . 
 `` i 'll have to see about a refund , i suppose . 
 i do n't mind purchasing a repaired doll , but the price must be right . 
 what i paid for this particular doll was obscene . '' 
 obscene by his standards ? 
 caroline 's eyes scanned her opulent surroundings . 
 if timms had been an experienced collector he would have thoroughly examined the doll before agreeing to the price . 
 caroline wondered , in the end , if timms ' pride would prevent him from pursuing the dishonest seller . 
 perhaps the seller , in a hurry to unload the doll , had n't known that the doll had been restored . 
 caroline was n't about to admit that she , herself , performed the repairs . 
 it had n't been her intention at the time to deceive a potential buyer . 
 `` please tell me who sold you the doll . '' 
 caroline contained her anticipation . 
 the name . 
 she needed the name of the seller . 
 `` the doll community is very tightly knit . 
 we dislike those who give our industry a bad name . '' 
 timms looked embarrassed , a tinge of pink spreading from his neck and creeping toward his widow 's peak . 
 `` my secretary arranged the transaction for me . 
 i believe an escrow service was involved . '' 
 `` she must have a name . 
 at the very least she should have the name of the service . '' 
 `` of course . 
 she handles all my affairs very efficiently . 
 there 's a small problem , however . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 caroline asked , impatiently . 
 `` a name should n't be complicated . '' 
 `` my secretary is away at the moment . 
 somewhere in the amazon on a small boat or something equally remote . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm helpless without her . '' 
 he gazed longingly at the doll . 
 `` such a waste . 
 perhaps i 'll keep the doll after all but at a reduced price , of course . 
 my secretary will return next week , and she will handle the transaction . '' 
 caroline stared at rudolph timms in dismay . 
 a week would be too late . 
 the muffled voice on the phone had been clear about that . 
 she 'd be dead by then . 
 chapter 11 gretchen greeted sunday morning with a moan . 
 it took her a few minutes to realize she was in nina 's extra bedroom . 
 she hated mornings , and she hated energetic , bubbly morning people who thought watching the sunrise gave them special powers . 
 at the moment , she hated nina . 
 `` it 's already nine o’clock , sleepyhead . '' 
 nina popped into the room and sat down on the bed with a bounce . 
 `` two things . 
 first , you left your cell phone in the kitchen , and steve called this morning . 
 i told him you 'd return his call when you got up . '' 
 gretchen managed to sit up with the support of her one good arm behind her . 
 she cracked an eye . 
 `` i 'm going to my meditation center , '' nina said . 
 `` if i clear my head of all this stuff floating around , maybe i 'll get a reading on your mother . '' 
 nina 's methods of handling emergency situations differed drastically from gretchen 's . 
 `` take the dogs with you . 
 please , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i ca n't very well take tutu along . 
 how would i watch her ? 
 nimrod could stay in his purse , but he 'd be a distraction . 
 anyway , he 'd much rather stay here with you . '' 
 nina patted gretchen 's leg . 
 `` i 'll stop at caroline 's and check on wobbles . '' 
 `` feed him . '' 
 `` i will . 
 i wo n't be gone long . 
 have some coffee , it 's fresh , and call steve back . 
 what 's the plan for the day ? '' 
 gretchen managed to remain sitting upright without the leverage of her arm . 
 she rubbed her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't think straight . 
 i need coffee first . '' 
 `` i 'm off then . '' 
 nina fluttered around gathering her things , kissed tutu goodbye , and left . 
 gretchen slipped into a borrowed robe , pink with green satin trim at the knee-length hem , and shuffled into the kitchen . 
 she poured a cup of coffee and leaned against the counter , sipping it . 
 everything seemed to move in slow motion without the use of her left hand , but she was grateful that it did n't hurt much this morning . 
 after she poured the second cup , she returned steve 's call and related the events of the past two days . 
 for once , steve heard her all the way through without interrupting . 
 `` you need to come home , '' he said when she finished . 
 `` this is nuts . 
 you do n't want to involve yourself in something illegal . 
 this is murder we 're talking about . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave now . 
 nina needs me . '' 
 `` i need you , too . 
 does n't that factor in at all ? '' 
 `` of course it does . '' 
 gretchen felt a flash of guilt . 
 she really had n't given much thought to steve recently . 
 but why should she ? 
 could n't steve get by for a few days without her ? 
 `` but i have to find my mother , '' she insisted . 
 `` and what have been the results of your search so far ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 gretchen did n't say anything . 
 `` she 'll show up when she shows up , '' steve continued . 
 `` it does n't matter if you 're in arizona or massachusetts . 
 i have my career to think about . 
 we ca n't have any scandal , especially right now when the firm 's partners are deciding my future . 
 the timing could n't be worse . '' 
 ah , gretchen thought , the truth comes out . 
 he was n't concerned about her well-being at all . 
 his request that she come home was a precautionary career move . 
 `` i 'm going to see what happens today , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll call you tonight . '' 
 `` i 'll expect to hear from you by eight . 
 boston time . 
 you 'd think one broken bone would be enough for you . '' 
 gretchen closed the phone and threw it in her purse . 
 for seven years she had hoped her relationship with steve would evolve into something permanent . 
 that dream was fading as fast as a drop of moisture in the desert . 
 would she end up in spinsterhood like nina ? 
 she already had the stereotypical cat . 
 was the cost of marriage to steve worth the price she 'd have to pay ? 
 she had already lost the ability to refuse his increasing demands , her inability to say no more pronounced when dealing with him . 
 she rarely crossed him for any reason . 
 had she subconsciously dimmed her own personality to accommodate his ? 
 could she move past his recent indiscretion and forget , as well as forgive ? 
 worry about that later , she scolded . 
 focus on today and the task at hand . 
 tutu caught gretchen 's attention when she trotted down the hall and whined at the front door . 
 nimrod trailed at a distance . 
 `` okay , '' gretchen said in a surly tone . 
 `` i 'm coming . 
 but be quick about it . '' 
 she opened the door , and tutu ran out . 
 the dog did n't stop in the yard to sniff around and find the perfect spot , and if gretchen had been more awake , she would have remembered that tutu preferred wee-wee pad over normal dog behavior . 
 tutu lowered her body close to the ground and ran full out down the street without a single glance back , like an escaped convict with the irresistible taste of freedom in her mouth . 
 gretchen stood in the doorway with her mouth open in shock . 
 recovering somewhat , she slammed the door before nimrod had the chance to join in the escape . 
 running barefoot into the street , she shouted tutu 's name . 
 the spoiled schnoodle was nowhere in sight . 
 gretchen had managed to lose nina 's dog mere moments after beginning her dog-sitting assignment . 
 she had a decision to make . 
 follow the demented dog immediately in bare feet , wearing nina 's pink and lime green robe , or quickly change into her own clothes and pull on her sandals . 
 tutu already had a wide lead , and gretchen 's only hope of catching up with her would be if the roving rascal encountered a distraction . 
 a cute boy dog would do the trick . 
 gretchen gasped . 
 what if tutu was in heat ? 
 an image of nina 's reaction to the loss of her prized pet trotted through gretchen 's head , replaced quickly by an image of tutu giving birth to schnoodle mutts . 
 she took off running . 
 the desert morning heat was already oppressive . 
 the pavement under her feet felt hot and sticky . 
 a bird perching on an overhead electrical wire panted through its small open beak , and the sound of sprinklers laboring to water the lush tropical yards filled the air . 
 and sun , sun , blazing sun everywhere . 
 `` wait up , '' she heard someone call out behind her . 
 she whirled to see matt albright loping toward her , wearing running shoes , cargo shorts , and a yellow t shirt . 
 he looked fresh and scrubbed , and he wore that dazzling , yet deceptive smile . 
 gretchen turned back to the task at hand and continued running , squinting against the sun 's intense rays and wishing for a good pair of sunglasses more than a pair of shoes . 
 `` i heard you were an avid runner , but your commitment astounds me , '' he said , catching up . 
 `` me ? 
 i would have changed out of the robe and probably worn shoes . '' 
 `` there are vast differences between the two of us , albright '' gretchen ignored the pain in her tender soles . 
 `` for example , if it was my investigation , i 'd be out questioning martha 's acquaintances , and i 'd be compiling a list of suspects . '' 
 `` my henchmen take care of that , '' he said , jogging easily . 
 `` can i get a picture of this ? '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 gretchen peered between houses as they ran side by side . 
 if she had shoes on , she could leave him in her desert dust . 
 `` a picture of you jogging in your cute robe . '' 
 `` go away , '' gretchen said , huffing slightly . 
 matt stopped running and fell behind . 
 `` if you step on a scorpion , you 'll be back at the hospital , '' he called after her . 
 `` i spent enough time waiting around there for you yesterday . '' 
 gretchen slowed and stopped , staring at the ground with growing panic . 
 `` i had n't thought of that . '' 
 scorpion stings were excruciatingly painful , according to reports by several arizonians who had been stung and lived to tell about it . 
 their venom was n't deadly , but death seemed preferable to the pain they inflicted . 
 `` they have clear bodies and that makes them hard to see . '' 
 he stood with both hands on his hips . 
 `` anyway , that is n't what you 're looking for ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` tutu escaped . '' 
 `` the yappy mutt ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i thought she seemed in a rush when she blasted out of the yard . '' 
 matt looked down the block . 
 `` but are you sure you want to find her ? '' 
 `` tempting suggestion , but i have to . 
 nina would kill me . '' 
 `` i 'll help then . 
 i would n't want to be partially responsible for your demise . '' 
 after a brief consultation on the best search tactics , they returned to the house , gretchen walking gingerly , alert to the threat of stinging monsters . 
 matt walked another half block to get his car . 
 he waited outside while gretchen changed into the same clothes she had worn yesterday : green capris , a white tee , and sandals . 
 they cruised slowly down the street in matt 's unmarked police car . 
 gretchen decided to make the most of this opportunity to pump the cop for information , forgetting momentarily that she could count her future health by mere minutes if she did n't find tutu . 
 `` who tipped you off about the doll in my mother 's workshop ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` what makes you think someone tipped me off ? '' 
 `` why do you answer ever question with another question ? '' 
 `` do i ? '' 
 gretchen sighed heavily and continued to scan for tutu . 
 she rolled down the window and called tutu 's name . 
 the more gretchen thought about the police search at her mother 's house , the more certain she became that the police had known not only what they were looking for , but also where they were looking for it . 
 `` did it ever occur to you , '' she said , `` that your tipster might have planted the evidence ? '' 
 `` vivid imagination , '' matt said . 
 `` you must be some sort of artistic type . 
 what do you do for a living ? '' 
 `` nothing at the moment . 
 i 'm unemployed . 
 i have another question for you . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` who claimed martha 's body ? '' 
 matt stopped the car and studied her , his brows furrowed . 
 eventually he said , `` i guess telling you wo n't hurt the case . 
 her body and personal effects have n't been released yet , but joseph reiner is making arrangements . '' 
 gretchen was surprised . 
 `` the same joseph reiner i met at nina 's house yesterday ? '' 
 matt nodded . 
 `` he 's martha 's nephew . '' 
 `` why did n't he mention that ? '' 
 `` i did n't know myself until late last night when he called me . 
 he seemed embarrassed by the family connection . 
 that explained all the nervous twitching i observed at the meeting . '' 
 in gretchen 's mind , that did n't explain anything . 
 it only led to more questions . 
 `` okay , '' matt said . 
 `` i shared information with you . 
 what do you have for me ? '' 
 `` nothing yet , '' gretchen said , thinking of the photocopy in nacho 's notebook and the note on the back in her mother 's handwriting . 
 i have the doll . 
 hide the trunk . 
 gretchen felt a confusing mix of anger and fear for her mother . 
 what in the world had her mother gotten herself into ? 
 sitting in the car next to matt , she realized she was clenching her fists . 
 she forced herself to relax . 
 she saw movement out of the corner of her eye , and tutu appeared from the side of a house , her tongue hanging out so far it almost scraped the ground . 
 `` there she is , '' matt said . 
 `` we 've got her . '' 
 __________ `` how was i supposed to know she could n't be trusted outside alone ? '' 
 `` the back yard is fenced for a reason , '' nina said , alternating between sending gretchen piercing glares and rubbing her face in the schnoodle fur . 
 `` poor baby , lost alone in the big world . '' 
 `` how 's wobbles ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` obviously he enjoyed more care and attention than tutu . '' 
 gretchen stuffed her purse with the contents of nacho 's notebook , slipping the picture of the french fashion doll into her wallet . 
 `` i ca n't bear sitting around doing nothing , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i 'm taking your car for a few hours . 
 you start calling everyone my mother knows , including relatives you might not like . '' 
 she realized the chances of proving her mother 's innocence were evaporating with every piece of new evidence . 
 instead of uncovering information that would lead to a new suspect , she was cementing the case against her mother . 
 she could see the headlines now : daughter leads police to proof that mother is killer . 
 at the moment , unsubstantiated evidence pointed to a conspiracy between caroline and nacho to steal the french fashion doll from someone . 
 why else would they discuss hiding the doll and the trunk ? 
 `` we have to find out who owns the doll , '' gretchen said . 
 `` how are we going to do that ? '' 
 `` we 'll find nacho and make him tell us . 
 he 's the link . 
 and we are going to pay a visit to martha 's nephew and ask him why he 's creeping around the doll club and concealing a family relationship . '' 
 `` who ? 
 who ? '' 
 nina said , sounding exactly like an owl . 
 `` who is martha 's nephew ? 
 i think i missed something . '' 
 `` joseph reiner . '' 
 `` no , '' nina said in disbelief . 
 `` martha was his aunt ? 
 he never said a word . '' 
 she plunked the car keys into gretchen 's outstretched hand . 
 `` i should come along to protect you , '' she said in a small voice . 
 `` i wo n't be gone long . 
 start making phone calls . '' 
 __________ caroline stood in the incessant rain staring at rudolph timms ' condominium complex , a small figure lost in the early morning mass of humanity swarming around her . 
 she clutched the case containing her laptop close to her body . 
 it was her last hope . 
 she had spent the night in the train station , acutely aware of the indigents attempting to blend with legitimate travelers , seeking dry benches to pass the night . 
 she had become one of them , her remaining dollars slipping through her fingers as her body demanded nourishment . 
 soon , out of desperation , she would take a chance and use a credit card . 
 her phoenix source had apprised her of the latest developments , so she knew a warrant had been issued for her arrest . 
 a wanted woman . 
 also wanted by a more dangerous force than the local authorities . 
 she turned off michigan avenue and sought cover under the canopy of the entrance to a hotel . 
 glancing back once more toward the opulent timms ' home , she realized there was n't anything more she could do in the center of downtown chicago . 
 she had to keep moving . 
 dead , the voice had whispered . 
 you are next unless you give me what i want . 
 caroline understood the message perfectly . 
 she was dead either way . 
 chapter 12 gretchen sped along lincoln avenue toward downtown phoenix , feeling released from the claustrophobia she always experienced when she spent too much time around other people . 
 the only personal space she 'd managed to find in the past three days was on a rocky mountain in arid summer heat where risking death by bugs or reptiles seemed more desirable than one more minute with nina and her cast of loony fuzz balls . 
 in honor of the moment , she purchased lunch at a convenience store - a large bag of potato chips and a sugar-laden soda - and vowed to eat until the chips were history . 
 the challenge was eating , drinking , and driving with only one good arm , but she smiled smugly at her ability to adapt to adverse conditions . 
 she popped another chip into her mouth . 
 as long as her cell phone did n't ring or detective albright did n't appear in her rearview mirror , she could handle this level of multitasking . 
 so far , there was no sign of the dogged detective who seemed to have no social life . 
 when did the guy take a day off ? 
 gretchen chomped chips and admired the scenery . 
 luxury homes dotted the hillside along lincoln like embedded jewels , and palm trees lined the boulevards . 
 the weatherman reported the current pollen count . 
 phoenix reminded gretchen of the setting for a fantasy novel or science fiction movie . 
 it even smelled foreign and exotic . 
 as she descended from the hills into the base of the city 's valley , a brown cloud of pollution rose to greet her , the consequence of building a city 's hub in a protected basin . 
 strong rain or high winds would clean up the air , but gretchen doubted that it rained much in july . 
 she maneuvered into a parking space near the phoenix rescue mission and , after studying the outside of the building , she walked inside and approached a wizened woman behind a desk . 
 `` everybody gone . 
 eight o’clock , '' she replied in broken english . 
 `` back to street . 
 find work or go church or what . '' 
 `` thank you , '' gretchen said , noticing a sign at the desk reminded all guests to vacate the premises by eight in the morning . 
 gretchen had missed him , thanks partly to pesky run-away tutu . 
 reluctantly she admitted her own share of blame . 
 she should have set an alarm . 
 she attempted to describe nacho to the woman , but based on the confused expression on her face , the woman simply did n't understand what gretchen was trying to convey . 
 nacho 's name and an animated description of the knob on his head drew a blank , uncomprehending stare . 
 as she left the rescue mission , she chastised herself for never learning spanish . 
 central avenue seemed oddly familiar after she 'd spent several hours driving it the day before . 
 gretchen glanced at her broken wrist , the only thing she had to show for yesterday 's efforts . 
 that and nacho 's notebook , stowed safely in her purse . 
 she had been mistaken to think he would call , that she could force him to respond . 
 as always , driving helped clear gretchen 's mind , and she sorted out the connections among those involved in martha 's life . 
 nothing made sense . 
 her mother obviously knew martha better than nina thought , based on the parian doll and the inventory list found in her workshop . 
 the picture in nacho 's notebook connected him to caroline as well . 
 joseph reiner had failed to let the doll club know of his relationship with martha , quite an omission considering she had just died . 
 and april , who openly disliked martha , had abruptly left town after appraising articles found with the dead woman 's body . 
 gretchen wondered what that was all about . 
 she drove around the block and headed back down central avenue without a plan . 
 morning traffic clogged the street , giving her time to continue with her mental exercise and attempt to understand what was happening . 
 her mother had hidden a parian doll in her workshop that had once belonged to martha and she had also hidden a french fashion doll that , according to the inventory list , had never belong to martha . 
 yet martha had a picture of the same doll with her when she died . 
 the note found with martha implied that caroline had killed her . 
 but would martha have had enough time to write out a message to the police ? 
 the message sprawled by caroline on the back of the photocopy of the picture of the french fashion doll and trunk upset gretchen the most . 
 she could think of multiple reasons for her mother 's disappearance and for the note found in martha 's hand . 
 but the picture she found last night in nacho 's notebook was n't ambiguous . 
 it stated the facts boldly . 
 caroline was hiding a doll , and not just any doll , but a doll worth a lot of money , and it did n't belong to her . 
 the parian found in the police search had n't belonged to caroline . 
 the french fashion doll -- whereabouts unknown -- did n't belong to caroline , either . 
 if she did n't know her mother as well as she did , she might agree with the authority 's decision to issue an arrest warrant . 
 gretchen glanced at the two pink bracelets on her wrist . 
 she would never lose faith in her mother . 
 there had to be another explanation , and she would find it . 
 as soon as gretchen turned onto first avenue she spotted nacho pushing a shopping cart . 
 he saw the car at the same time and looked desperately around for an escape route . 
 gretchen slid the impala along the curb and slammed on the brakes . 
 she jumped out , sure that she had nacho trapped this time . 
 if he took off , he 'd have to abandon the cart , which he gripped possessively . 
 `` that 's daisy 's cart , '' gretchen said to him as she approached , noting a few familiar items under nacho 's black garbage bag , which sat on the top of the heap . 
 she lifted a corner of the bag . 
 nacho slapped her hand away . 
 `` hey , '' she said . 
 `` keep your hands off me . '' 
 she smelled unwashed body odor and sour alcohol . 
 `` yo no entiendo inglés , '' he said . 
 `` tú debes irte . '' 
 `` i know you can understand me , '' gretchen said . 
 `` you spoke perfect english when you threatened me at the restaurant . '' 
 nacho glared at her and kept his hands firmly locked on the cart . 
 he tried to move past her , but gretchen ran to the front of the cart and pushed back . 
 a crowd of people walked by , and several turned to look . 
 `` leave the poor guy alone , '' someone shouted . 
 gretchen scanned them with a weak smile but stood firm . 
 `` you are going to answer a few questions first , '' she demanded . 
 `` where is my mother ? '' 
 `` yo te dije antes que te fueras . 
 tú solo eres un problema . '' 
 gretchen stared at him . 
 somehow she had to force him to speak english . 
 `` police , '' she said , bluffing . 
 `` i will call the police . '' 
 that did the trick . 
 nacho 's eyes widened in fear . 
 `` no police , '' he said . 
 `` that would be foolish . '' 
 `` i need some answers from you . '' 
 `` you stole something from me . 
 i want it back first . '' 
 `` wait here . '' 
 gretchen went to the car , keeping a watchful eye on nacho , and returned with the notebook . 
 she handed it to him , and he wedged it into the plastic bag . 
 `` you should be more afraid , '' he said . 
 `` are n't you scared ? '' 
 heavy traffic streamed by them , music blared from open windows , and the ground shook from amplified bass settings . 
 sunday strollers ambled by . 
 at the moment , gretchen felt reasonably protected from a violent assault . 
 `` what would you do to me ? 
 would you kill me like you killed martha ? '' 
 nacho 's response was quick but wary . 
 `` martha was my friend . 
 you 're talking nonsense . '' 
 `` tell me about the french fashion doll and the trunk . '' 
 `` you 're snooping where you are n't welcome . '' 
 gretchen was angry . 
 `` my mother is missing , and she is accused of killing your supposed friend . 
 i plan on snooping into your life until you give me answers . 
 now tell me what i want to know . '' 
 nacho 's eyes flicked briefly to the shopping cart before answering . 
 `` i know nothing about any doll . '' 
 gretchen leaned her body into the cart , one hand resting on top of the plastic bag . 
 nacho 's eyes shifted nervously from the cart to gretchen . 
 `` where is daisy ? '' 
 gretchen said evenly . 
 `` this is her cart . '' 
 `` daisy asked me to watch it for her , '' nacho said , finally answering a question . 
 `` she had business . '' 
 `` what 's inside the cart , nacho ? '' 
 his knuckles were white . 
 sweat slid down the side of his face . 
 hide the trunk , caroline had written . 
 where would a homeless man hide a large doll trunk ? 
 certainly not on the street or in the rescue mission . 
 finding a safe hiding place would be a complex task for a man without a home . 
 gretchen reached into the cart and tossed his garbage bag onto the pavement . 
 before he could resist , she pulled the top layer of junk aside . 
 `` well , well , '' she said . 
 `` if it is n't a doll trunk . '' 
 the antique wooden trunk was wedged in the cart between layers of clothing . 
 gretchen glanced up at nacho . 
 he backed away . 
 gretchen held up a hand in warning . 
 `` do n't go , '' she demanded . 
 `` you have to help me . '' 
 `` yo traté de ayudarte , '' he said , forgetting to speak english in his haste . 
 `` tú debes irte . '' 
 then nacho grabbed his plastic bag and broke into a run . 
 gretchen refused to abandon the trunk to pursue him . 
 she watched helplessly as he disappeared around a corner . 
 great , she thought , now what do i do ? 
 she wheeled the cart the few feet to nina 's car and gingerly lifted the doll trunk from the cart , placing it in the passenger seat . 
 she flipped through the other items in the shopping cart without finding anything else of significance . 
 two shabbily dressed women sat on a park bench watching pigeons compete for bakery scraps . 
 one of the women tossed a torn piece of bread onto the sidewalk and scrutinized gretchen as she approached . 
 `` do you know how to find the rescue mission ? '' 
 gretchen asked them . 
 `` yes , '' one of the said . 
 `` will you take this cart there ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` no , '' the same woman responded . 
 `` i will pay you five dollars . '' 
 `` yes , '' said the other woman . 
 `` i will take it . '' 
 `` walk slowly , and if a man asks for the cart or tries to take it from you before you get to the mission , give it to him . 
 if not , leave it with the people there . '' 
 gretchen handed over the five-dollar bill . 
 the women rose and shuffled down the street , guiding the cart in the direction of the mission . 
 she sat in the car with the air conditioning turned all the way up and the doors locked , and studied her remarkable find . 
 approximately twenty inches long , as april had predicted , the outside of the trunk was in excellent condition . 
 no major flaws in the wood . 
 the brass-headed tacks and brass handle shone as though recently polished . 
 she carefully opened the trunk , and even though she knew from the message found in nacho 's notebook that the doll had been hidden someplace else , she half expected to see it inside . 
 the upper tray , designed to hold the doll , was empty . 
 the interior of the trunk was lined with finely striped beige and blue fabric . 
 when gretchen removed the tray , her eyes lit up with delight at the wealth of accessories . 
 she gingerly picked up each one - elegantly hand-stitched dresses , little ankle boots , a tortoiseshell comb , corset , bonnet , fan , and a full-length brown kid leather raincoat . 
 she carefully replaced the accessories , closed the trunk , and pulled out into the early afternoon traffic . 
 gretchen racked her brain for her long-dormant knowledge of doll collecting . 
 this was an unbelievable trunk , worth a slew of money . 
 think , gretchen . 
 think back to your mother 's book and the chapter on french fashion dolls . 
 what can you learn from examining this trunk ? 
 the size of the doll , of course . 
 based on the length of the trunk and the size of the clothing , the doll must be about seventeen inches tall . 
 was that information helpful ? 
 not at the moment , but she filed it away for future reference . 
 why did her mother think the trunk was too large to hide ? 
 granted , it was n't a tiny , slip-in-your-pocket trunk , but her mother had plenty of rooms in the house in which to tuck away the trunk . 
 unless she thought someone would search her house for it . 
 which they had . 
 where had caroline hidden the french fashion doll ? 
 and , more importantly , why ? 
 at this point , gretchen knew of two dolls her mother had concealed in her game of intrigue . 
 it had all the elements of a conspiracy if she counted nacho as an accomplice . 
 were there more dolls hidden away somewhere ? 
 __________ her third day in chicago stretched out before her in slow motion , painfully slow . 
 caroline slipped into a café . 
 she sat at a small table in the back of the restaurant , watching the sunday crowd of diners and sipping black coffee . 
 after a pause , she opened her laptop again . 
 how many times had she logged on ? 
 how many times had she keyed in the online auction web address and watched the green computer light flicker as it completed her search ? 
 her fingers flew on the keyboard . 
 `` antique dolls '' . 
 click . 
 she scanned the listings for a familiar doll without success . 
 caroline wanted to slam her fist into the table next to her laptop . 
 sell something , she screamed silently . 
 sell something , you miserable animal ! 
 chapter 13 `` april 's back , '' nina said while fondling the doll costumes . 
 `` well , not exactly back . 
 she never left . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` she had valley fever . 
 it was awful , april said . 
 a fever , aches and pains , a bad cough . 
 she 's recovering at home and ignored her phone calls until she felt better . '' 
 valley fever . 
 a lung infection , gretchen remembered , caused by an airborne fungus . 
 not uncommon in the phoenix area . 
 `` she was out four wheeling , '' nina explained . 
 `` and got caught in a dust storm . '' 
 gretchen tried to picture enormous april on an all-terrain vehicle . 
 `` she should have worn a mask , '' nina finished . 
 `` somehow , '' gretchen said , `` i never thought of april as the rugged , outdoors type . '' 
 `` i hope she did n't give it to tutu . '' 
 `` i do n't think valley fever is contagious , aunt nina . '' 
 `` you ca n't be too careful . '' 
 gretchen and nina sat at the workbench in caroline 's repair shop , admiring the doll trunk . 
 wobbles , exhibiting new-found confidence around tutu and nimrod , perched lazily on a shelf overhead and cleaned his face with his paws . 
 the dogs had learned to tread lightly around him ever since he had won his first boxing match with a well-placed left claw to tutu 's inquisitive nose . 
 `` wobbles has a superiority complex , '' nina observed . 
 gretchen tried in vain to concentrate on the doll trunk and her missing mother . 
 nina whirled through a room like one of those dust storms april claimed she four-wheeled into , and the animals were n't helping matters . 
 the yapping and clicking of toenails on the tiled floor irritated gretchen 's already strained nerves . 
 a cool shower would put everything back into perspective . 
 leaving nina to fend for herself , gretchen stood in the shower under lukewarm water while holding her broken wrist out of the stream . 
 it was more of a trick than she thought it would be . 
 she raised it higher and attempted to wash her hair with one hand . 
 drying it proved impossible . 
 she draped a towel over her head and struggled into white capris and a short red halter top , intending to ask nina for help with her hair . 
 but when she returned to the workshop , nina sat crying at the table . 
 `` i can see caroline 's aura in my mind 's eye , '' nina said through sobs . 
 gretchen , well-versed in nina 's alleged ability to see energy fields in the form of colors emanating from objects , sighed heavily . 
 according to nina , all matter has auras , including boston mosquitoes , phoenix cockroaches , and tutu poop . 
 however , nina had n't figured out what all the colors meant or how to interpret them . 
 much like her dreams . 
 `` i did n't know you could see auras in your mind 's eye , '' gretchen said . 
 nina sniffed . 
 `` i did n't either until now . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 gretchen was reluctant to ask but knew it was inevitable . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 the question sent nina off into another bout of hysteria . 
 gretchen ran the towel through her wet hair and waited . 
 she made a mental note to buy a pair of aura glasses as soon as possible . 
 the woman in the new age shop had assured her that anyone could see auras with the proper glasses . 
 nina sniffed . 
 `` her aura is black . 
 i do n't know how to tell you this , but i think it means your mother killed martha . 
 and i ca n't bear it . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` intrigue , conspiracy , death , '' nina said , in a stage whisper . 
 `` the writing is on the wall . '' 
 `` the writing is n't on the wall , '' gretchen said . 
 `` it 's on a piece of paper . 
 in martha 's cold hand . 
 in nacho 's notebook . 
 i have to admit , it looks bad . 
 but looks are deceiving , you know that . '' 
 gretchen leaned over and gave her aunt a strong hug . 
 `` we have to fight , aunt nina . 
 we ca n't give up hope . '' 
 as the two pink bracelets on gretchen 's wrist said , share beauty spread hope . 
 `` every time we discover new clues , '' nina pointed out , `` they incriminate caroline more . 
 maybe we should stop trying to help . '' 
 `` our luck has to turn soon . '' 
 gretchen sat down and cupped her chin in her good hand . 
 `` where would my mother hide a french fashion doll ? '' 
 `` it ca n't be here . 
 the police searched the house . '' 
 `` did she have a storage unit someplace ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` or a large safe-deposit box ? '' 
 nina shook her head . 
 `` nothing that i know of . 
 that nacho character is creepy . 
 i ca n't believe you went to see him alone . '' 
 gretchen did n't respond . 
 she gazed out the window at the rugged beauty of the mountain . 
 `` she must have the doll with her . '' 
 `` it 's not important , '' nina said . 
 `` finding the doll wo n't help your mother . 
 we have the trunk . '' 
 nina gestured at the wooden doll trunk and the scattered costumes . 
 `` and what good is it ? 
 with our current streak of bad luck , we 'll find the doll , remove its head , and we 'll find another note . 
 the note will say , ` caroline birch murdered martha williams . '' ' 
 `` no need for sarcasm , dear aunt . 
 your pessimism is getting to me . '' 
 gretchen gathered up the doll clothes and accessories and replaced them in the trunk . 
 she opened a cabinet , rearranged the shelves to make room , and slid the trunk inside . 
 a stack of folded fabric placed in front of it concealed the trunk from the casual observer . 
 `` i have to keep moving , '' she said . 
 `` every minute at this house feels like wasted time . '' 
 `` i 'm coming along . '' 
 nina 's voice held a hint of stubbornness . 
 gretchen watched nimrod tackle tutu . 
 playful snarls filled the room . 
 having nina along meant having nimrod and tutu as well . 
 the term comes with baggage was taking on a whole new meaning . 
 `` someone has to look out for you , '' nina said , stuffing nimrod in his traveling purse . 
 __________ april lehman lived in tempe , close to arizona state university . 
 nina drove quickly along a newly opened expressway . 
 gretchen could n't believe how many new routes were available in maricopa county making access easy to surrounding cities such as tempe , which was situated a few miles southeast of phoenix . 
 it had a small-town college atmosphere that gretchen appreciated . 
 as they approached tempe , nina raised the subject of steve . 
 `` how 's it going with you two ? '' 
 `` fine , '' gretchen replied , looking out the side window . 
 `` your life does n't seem too exciting , '' nina continued . 
 `` where 's the action ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 are you saying i do n't have a life ? '' 
 `` all i 'm saying is it could be more exciting . '' 
 `` it 's more exciting than i care for , right now . '' 
 `` humpf . '' 
 maybe nina is right , gretchen thought . 
 my life has n't been exactly movie material . 
 the same boyfriend for seven years , the same job , which never quite materialized into an established career before it unceremoniously terminated , and numerous torturous business-related events in the name of steve 's rapid rise in the law firm . 
 gretchen thought about friends her own age , or rather her lack of friends . 
 a few college buddies seen occasionally to relive the past , happy hour with co-workers before the long drive home in the early evening , a book club group once a month . 
 she thought of the stray voice messages left on her cell phone . 
 casual acquaintances . 
 no true friends . 
 not one person particularly concerned over her whereabouts . 
 looking back , she realized she had n't taken the time to develop friendships because her relationship with steve required constant care and attention , even as steve spent less and less time with her . 
 she had allowed some friendships to lapse , and as a result she was intensely lonely . 
 her small and quirky family had been a steady ship for her , a cast of strong females who colored gretchen 's life with animation . 
 ten years ago she could n't imagine herself thinking this , because at that time she was emotionally geared for independence . 
 but at twenty-nine she did n't hesitate to list her missing mother as her best friend . 
 martha 's murder and my mother 's disappearance certainly verge on cliff-hanging entertainment , excuse the pun , but those events were n't about her life . 
 they were about other people 's lives . 
 gretchen vowed to work on spicing up her own life in more positive ways just as soon as this family crisis was resolved . 
 nina turned onto apache boulevard and parked . 
 the temperature registered one hundred and five degrees according to a large display sign above a local bank . 
 the time was a few minutes after three . 
 the heat hit gretchen with something like physical force when she left the car . 
 she could have been strapped to a stake in the middle of a blazing fire . 
 nina adjusted a cardboard windshield shade along the dashboard and began assembling her canine clan . 
 gretchen studied april 's dilapidated home . 
 peeling paint and green astroturf lawn that effectively eliminated the need for watering and weeding . 
 the house sat on a tiny lot without benefit of a swimming pool or exotic tropical landscaping . 
 as she followed nina along the crumbling sidewalk , gretchen hoped april had air conditioning . 
 `` come on in , '' april called out from inside , her voice muffled but audible through the front door . 
 the fact that the door was closed indicated the presence of cool air . 
 `` you got here fast . '' 
 gretchen and nina found april 's massive form sprawled across a sagging sofa . 
 she wore a muumuu with green and purple stripes and had hiked it up around her thighs , exposing treelike legs snaked with varicose veins . 
 a window air conditioner droned loudly , the motor struggling to lower the temperature of the small room , with limited success . 
 `` you look awful , '' nina said . 
 `` i wish you had called me when you were diagnosed with valley fever . 
 i would have helped you out . '' 
 `` i did n't want to bother anybody , '' april said . 
 `` i 'm feeling pretty good now . 
 gretchen , what happened to your arm ? '' 
 `` i tripped and fell yesterday . '' 
 gretchen caught nina 's eye , hoping nina would follow her lead and refrain from sharing the details of the encounter with nacho . 
 `` that 's too bad , '' april said . 
 nina sat down in a torn and faded cloth chair with tutu leashed at her feet . 
 the top of nimrod 's purse was vacant , indicating a napping puppy inside . 
 gretchen remained standing and could n't resist scrutinizing the room . 
 piles of doll magazines littered the floor , and every inch of table space was covered with dolls . 
 gretchen stifled an involuntary giggle . 
 enormous april collected miniature dolls , all types and styles . 
 the table next to gretchen held several dolls , an eight-inch lee middleton , a strawberry shortcake riding her trike with custard cat in the basket , a five-inch cloth doll with an embroidered face , and an antique german bisque with jointed arms , wearing a blue dress . 
 `` i have almost all the original boxes and packing , '' april said proudly , looking at gretchen with a schoolgirl 's beam . 
 `` you did n't know i was a miniaturist , did ya ? '' 
 `` these are marvelous , '' gretchen said . 
 and inexpensive , she thought . 
 none of the dolls in april 's collection were worth much more than twenty dollars . 
 based on april 's lifestyle , that was all she probably could afford . 
 her appraisal service might be the backbone of the collecting business but it did n't pay well . 
 `` i always wanted to get into collecting doll houses and furniture , '' april said . 
 `` but the time has n't been right . 
 for my thirtieth birthday i 'm going to treat myself to my very first doll house . '' 
 thirty ! 
 gretchen had assumed april was well into her fifties but she was the same age as gretchen . 
 nina piped up . 
 `` caroline is still missing , april , and it 's turning ugly . 
 we have to ask you a few questions about martha . '' 
 april stiffened noticeably , and her warm smile froze . 
 `` i never liked that woman . '' 
 `` you need to tell us why , '' nina said encouragingly . 
 `` it might help . 
 april shifted on the couch , and her muumuu rode higher . 
 `` eight years ago , martha 's husband died , and she came into some money through a life insurance policy . 
 she went on a buying spree , buying the most fabulous dolls you could imagine . 
 and the prices she paid . '' 
 april slapped her forehead . 
 `` but she could n't control herself . 
 she bought dolls instead of paying her mortgage . 
 she went wild . 
 `` then the whole thing collapsed around her . 
 she started drinking because she could n't face the financial problems . 
 three years ago the bank called her loan and repossessed her house . '' 
 `` what happened after the bank foreclosed ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` what happened to the dolls ? '' 
 `` i knew she was going to lose the dolls right along with the house , and i could hardly stand to watch it happen , but look around you , '' april said , sweeping her arms across the room . 
 `` i could n't afford to buy them from her either . 
 she would n't have sold anyway . 
 she was in denial and probably drunk most of the time and did n't believe anything could happen to them . 
 she adored her dolls . '' 
 nina frowned . 
 `` but what made you so mad at her ? '' 
 `` a lot of the dollers tried to help her out by offering to buy her dolls . 
 but part of the problem was that she would n't even let us see her collection . 
 over the years , she 'd talk about a doll here and there , or we 'd see one of them , but no one knew the actual extent of the collection . '' 
 `` she certainly was an odd one , '' nina said . 
 `` she had one miniature doll that she showed me about a year before all this happened . 
 it was only three and a half inches high . '' 
 april spread her fingers to show how small three and a half inches really was . 
 `` it was a german bisque miniature , hand-painted with inset blue glass eyes . 
 the prettiest thing you 'd ever see . 
 i loved that doll at first sight . '' 
 `` she would n't sell it to you , would she ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 april nodded . 
 `` as it turned out , the bank or somebody acting for the bank took the whole thing away from her . 
 what would it have hurt to give me that tiny little doll ? '' 
 `` did anyone ever find out for sure what happened to the collection ? '' 
 gretchen anticipated april 's answer , but had to ask anyway . 
 `` no . 
 it vanished without a trace . '' 
 `` there are a lot of things around here that seem to vanish without a trace , '' nina observed . 
 april struggled into a sitting position . 
 a fine line of sweat dripped down the side of her face . 
 she wiped it away . 
 `` i better head out , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm late to work out . 
 i missed my exercises all week because i was sick . 
 i ca n't miss again today , or i 'll fall behind on my new health program . '' 
 nina shot a warning glance at gretchen . 
 gretchen composed her face . 
 `` april has lost fifty pounds , '' nina said to gretchen . 
 `` she 's working out at curves . '' 
 gretchen had n't noticed any poundage loss , but she had spotted april 's purse on the side table by the door and a set of keys beside it . 
 she 'd also noticed an overnight travel bag tossed carelessly on its side by the bedroom door . 
 a cosmetic bag and a hairbrush had slid out onto the floor . 
 it looked like the woman stricken with valley fever had been away from home . 
 __________ `` maybe she 's packing for a trip , '' nina said , when they returned to the car . 
 they opened all the car doors , nina turned on the ignition and the air conditioning , and they waited on the sidewalk while the car cooled down . 
 april lumbered to her crumpled buick and waved as she drove off . 
 nina opened the back door and helped tutu onto the seat . 
 nimrod squirmed out of his purse and ran back and forth in the rear as nina took the driver 's seat and belted up . 
 `` maybe she 's leaving today . '' 
 `` i think she lied about having valley fever , '' gretchen said , digging a folded piece of paper from her shorts and scanning the copy of martha 's inventory list . 
 she found the doll april had once coveted : `` german miniature , all bisque , jointed , marked german 10 on back of head , original handmade dress , three and a half inches high '' . 
 she glanced up at the street ahead . 
 `` can you catch up to her ? 
 let 's see if she 's going where she said she 's going . '' 
 `` fun . 
 my first tail . '' 
 nina stepped on the gas . 
 gretchen 's head snapped back . 
 `` take it easy . 
 i do n't want any more trips to the hospital . '' 
 several lights ahead , the back of april 's car came into view , and gretchen watched it turn onto university drive and head for phoenix . 
 fifteen minutes later april pulled over in front of a building bearing a small overhead sign curves . 
 `` now we 'll go in and ask her if she 's leaving town , '' nina said . 
 `` we ca n't say it just like that . '' 
 gretchen watched april enter the building . 
 `` i 'll go in and think of some reason for following her , something we forgot to ask her before she took off . 
 you stay here with the dogs . '' 
 `` we can all go in . '' 
 `` i 'm sure they do n't allow dogs , '' gretchen said . 
 `` let 's not cause a scene . '' 
 she walked into curves . 
 april was waiting for her . 
 `` i thought i saw nina 's car following me , '' she said , eyeing gretchen up and down . 
 `` you could stand to lose a few pounds , and there 's no better way to do it . 
 you want to give it a try , do n't you ? '' 
 gretchen gave april a weak smile . 
 `` that 's why we decided to follow you . 
 what do i do ? '' 
 april looked over at the front desk . 
 `` that okay with you ? '' 
 she said to the woman sitting behind the desk . 
 `` that 's ora , the manager . '' 
 `` hey , '' ora said to gretchen . 
 `` april will take good care of you . '' 
 `` you can be my guest today , '' april said , pride in her voice . 
 `` follow behind me , and i 'll show you how to use the machines . 
 but watch that bad arm . 
 you 'll have to skip some of the arm weights . 
 our workout usually takes thirty minutes , but we 'll cut it short since we 're both on the mend . '' 
 april jumped onto a small platform as an energetic voice called from a cd overhead , `` change stations now . '' 
 gretchen peered out the window and caught nina 's eye . 
 she sent a telepathic message to let nina know that she 'd be back in twenty minutes and hoped nina 's invisible antenna was operating at peak performance . 
 a circle of women on various machines and platforms moved in unison , performing simple stretching exercises . 
 gretchen joined in next to april and spotted bonnie albright and rita phyller at the opposite end of the circuit . 
 she waved . 
 they waved back . 
 jogging in place , gretchen said , `` is this the local hangout for the doll club members ? 
 i see bonnie and rita . '' 
 `` it is , '' april said , rowing on a machine , her elbows flapping like chicken wings . 
 `` usually we have more than this . 
 where 's nina ? '' 
 `` she did n't want to leave the dogs alone in the car . 
 it 's too hot without the air-conditioning running . '' 
 with each `` change stations now , '' april and gretchen rotated on the equipment circling the room . 
 gretchen had to skip at least half of the machines because of her broken wrist . 
 she jogged in place instead . 
 `` did you hear from your mother yet ? '' 
 bonnie shouted over the beat of disco music . 
 gretchen shook her head , noting the glances exchanged between the two doll collectors on the other side of the room . 
 she wondered what they said when she was n't present , and whether they thought her mother had killed martha . 
 it made for good gossip regardless of the final outcome , and bonnie could squeeze juicy tidbits out of a barrel cactus . 
 `` now move away from your station and find your heartrate . '' 
 every woman in the room raised her hand to the side of her neck as the prerecorded instructor called off the count . 
 gretchen heard april breathing in sharp , jagged gasps . 
 the front of april 's shirt was soaked as though she had taken a dip in a swimming pool with all her clothes on . 
 as a few women cleared the workout stations around april and gretchen , bonnie and rita skipped ahead and joined them . 
 after one time around the circuit , april sat down on a chair by the door . 
 `` i need a breather . 
 ten minutes is about all i have in me all at one time , '' she said thickly . 
 `` you go on around again . 
 i 'll catch up . '' 
 `` i 'm going over to south phoenix to look at a barbie , '' rita said . 
 `` it 's a ponytail with a black-and-white-striped swimsuit , and in its original box . 
 i looked at it yesterday and ca n't decide if i should buy it . '' 
 `` what 's holding you back ? '' 
 bonnie said . 
 `` the price , '' rita said . 
 `` they want twelve hundred dollars , and i really ca n't afford it . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of dough , '' april called out from the chair . 
 `` that 's why i 'm looking at it again , '' rita said , bending over and touching her toes . 
 `` i 'm hoping they 'll come way down on the price . '' 
 `` i have n't been able to touch my toes since high school , '' april observed wistfully . 
 `` keep losing weight the way you have , '' gretchen said encouragingly , treading steadily on a machine labeled the stepper . 
 `` and you 'll be touching your toes in no time . '' 
 `` change stations now . '' 
 everyone rotated . 
 `` when i went to look at the barbie yesterday , '' rita said to bonnie , `` i saw you going into the rescue mission . 
 are you volunteering there ? '' 
 bonnie looked startled . 
 `` you must be mistaken , '' she said . 
 `` i was n't anywhere near the rescue mission . '' 
 `` that 's funny . 
 i was certain it was you . '' 
 `` no , '' bonnie said , shaking her red shellacked flip . 
 `` it was n't me . '' 
 gretchen studied bonnie . 
 flaming red hair and makeup painted on in exaggerated colors . 
 it would be hard to mistake someone else for her . 
 `` anyway , what else is new ? '' 
 april rejoined the group with renewed vigor and put everything she had into the shoulder press machine . 
 gretchen , dancing on a platform , could n't believe how easily the conversation turned in the right direction . 
 without missing a beat , she asked , `` anyone planning any trips ? '' 
 __________ death . 
 caroline had felt its presence ever since that horrible moment when the doctor spoke the chilling words : `` breast cancer . '' 
 the disease she had feared the most had invaded without a warning battle cry , its army of killer cells waging a war for supremacy within her chest . 
 she had felt death accompanying her through the ensuing surgery and the inescapable chemotherapy treatments . 
 death continued to whisper an incessant promise of eventual victory , and she had been on a quest ever since to find meaning in her life . 
 the answer to her existence continued to elude her in the same way the doll she sought continued to slip away . 
 she had cheated death once before . 
 she could do it again . 
 chapter 14 `` no , april is n't planning a trip , '' gretchen informed nina when she returned to the car . 
 `` not a short one or a long one , nothing in the future , nothing in the past . 
 if she can be believed . '' 
 `` i still think she had valley fever , '' nina said . 
 `` the newest development concerns bonnie . 
 rita says she saw her go into the rescue mission yesterday , but bonnie denies it . 
 why would she be hanging around that area ? '' 
 `` you 've been there twice looking for nacho . 
 maybe she is , too . '' 
 `` that 's what bothers me . '' 
 `` where next , '' nina asked . 
 gretchen unfolded a piece of paper with names and addresses she 'd copied from the telephone directory . 
 `` let 's visit martha 's relative , '' she said . 
 `` i really want to know why he hid their family connection . '' 
 it was a short hop from the city of tempe over to mesa , which was known as a mormon town . 
 with more than twenty golf courses , it touted itself as an affordable and ideal retirement community . 
 they pulled into a drive-through restaurant , ordered at the window , and sat in the car eating green chile burgers and french fries . 
 nina hand-fed pieces of hamburger to tutu and nimrod after picking off most of the green chiles . 
 a wee-wee stop afterwards completed the fine dining experience for the two dogs . 
 exhibiting extreme willpower , gretchen refused an order of fries , remembering april 's comment about gretchen 's weight . 
 `` do you think i need to lose a few pounds , aunt nina ? '' 
 `` no , '' nina said , laughing . 
 `` you need to develop a life . '' 
 `` you 're terrible . 
 cruel and inhuman . '' 
 `` i have an idea for you . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait . '' 
 `` why do n't you come and work for me ? 
 we can train purse dogs together . '' 
 nina nibbled on a french fry , and gretchen watched with envy . 
 `` i 've been turning away clients because i do n't have enough time . 
 you 'd be good . '' 
 gretchen rolled her eyeballs to the ceiling of the car , then glanced at tutu and nimrod in the backseat . 
 nimrod had mustard on his face from the burger . 
 the canine profession suited nina perfectly , as did doll restoration for her mother . 
 gretchen , alas , still searched for her own niche . 
 dog training was decidedly not it . 
 `` i do n't think i have the patience , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and wobbles would n't approve . 
 besides , i 'm going back to boston soon , back to steve and back to the search for a ` real ' job . 
 `` are you implying that purse dog training is n't a real job ? '' 
 nina said . 
 gretchen gave in to temptation and snitched one of nina 's fries while she searched for a quick response to cover having blurted out the truth . 
 `` it demands a certain amount of connection with different energy sources , uh ... a special ability to read auras must be important in training puppies . 
 i bet only a few people have what it takes . '' 
 `` you could be a cat trainer . '' 
 nina 's eyes lit up at the idea . 
 `` are cats trainable ? '' 
 gretchen chuckled at the thought of any cat taking orders from a human being . 
 she tried to picture wobbles traveling in a purse and snorted out loud . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` they really are n't . '' 
 `` what about that guy in key west ? 
 cat man , '' nina said . 
 `` he makes cats jump through hoops . '' 
 `` i 'd love to see that some time . 
 but right now , let 's go talk to joseph reiner . '' 
 joseph 's dream dolls was located on southern avenue and was appropriately named . 
 the shop cabinets and countertops brimmed with fabulous dolls arranged in groupings . 
 rare collectibles were locked into a large cabinet where gretchen stood admiring a kestner boy doll through the glass . 
 joseph rushed to the front of the store to greet them . 
 `` hey , you two , '' he said , noticing the dogs for the first time . 
 `` i 'm closing up . 
 it 's five o’clock . 
 i 'll just lock the door . 
 you two stay put . '' 
 he rolled a finger across the top of nimrod 's head , then bent to give tutu equal attention . 
 `` i 'm showing gretchen around town , '' nina said . 
 `` we thought we 'd stop by . '' 
 `` look around . 
 enjoy yourself , but keep a good eye on your dogs . 
 the teacup poodle in the purse is priceless . '' 
 he breezed away to lock up . 
 what a delight , gretchen thought , reveling in the combination of old and new -- a door of hope mission doll from china , several queen annes , and a large selection of contemporary artist dolls . 
 she admired a dy-dee baby and two celebrity dolls , marie osmond and annette funicello . 
 the collection of dolls was endless , and for a time , as she wandered through the shop , she escaped into a make-believe world of color and glamour and beauty . 
 joseph cleared his throat , bringing her back from her welcome escape from reality . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you , '' he said , pulling at the diamond stud in his left ear . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 gretchen laughed lightly . 
 `` we came by for several reasons , to see your shop , of course , but i also wanted to show you this picture again when all the club members were n't present . '' 
 `` i thought that detective took this picture as evidence , '' joseph said when she handed it to him . 
 `` this is a copy . '' 
 gretchen was n't about to tell him of the second picture or about her mother 's message on the back of it . 
 she had stashed that one safely away after making a copy of the picture of the doll . 
 `` i know you saw the picture yesterday at bonnie 's , but take another look . 
 have you ever seen this french fashion doll before ? '' 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` but i want to . 
 it 's amazing . '' 
 he handed the copy back to gretchen and rubbed his goatee with two fingers . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` you know my mother is missing . 
 and you have to know the police suspect her in martha 's death . '' 
 gretchen watched joseph carefully . 
 he seemed unnaturally nervous , as he had at the meeting at nina 's house . 
 joseph nodded . 
 `` i 'm not passing judgment on caroline . 
 she 's innocent until proven guilty as far as i 'm concerned . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i appreciate that . 
 this doll might have something to do with her disappearance , or it might not . 
 i think the picture is worth showing around in case someone recognizes it . '' 
 `` sorry i ca n't help you . '' 
 `` maybe you still can , '' gretchen said . 
 `` it 's my understanding that martha was your aunt . 
 am i correct ? '' 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 joseph spoke a little too loudly , a little too defensively . 
 `` was she your aunt ? '' 
 joseph rubbed his face with his hands as though he were rubbing away a bad dream . 
 `` embarrassing to admit , but yes , she was my aunt . 
 i 'm related to that pathetic , homeless drunk . 
 or was . 
 we were n't close , and i did n't mention it to the club members because i had no desire to share my ancestry with them . '' 
 `` she apparently did n't go out of her way to cultivate alliances , '' gretchen said . 
 joseph nodded . 
 `` she led a self-absorbed life , at least after the alcohol took control . 
 the ability to look beyond her personal self-interests drowned in a pool of stale booze , a common symptom of alcoholism . '' 
 gretchen remembered what nina had said about joseph 's own problems with alcohol and his resolve to beat the disease . 
 `` did she have any other family other than you ? '' 
 `` a sister in florida , but they had n't spoken for years . 
 she 's in a nursing home in the final stages of alzheimer 's . 
 she would n't understand that martha is dead or that she even had a sister . '' 
 `` how about friends ? '' 
 joseph laughed bitterly . 
 `` aunt martha did n't have any real friends left . 
 i suppose you could count those down-and-out characters she roamed the streets with as friends . '' 
 gretchen heard nina 's cell phone from somewhere in the shop playing the star wars theme . 
 `` hello , '' she heard nina say . 
 `` martha had an expensive collection of dolls at one time , '' gretchen said to joseph . 
 `` can you tell me what happened to it ? '' 
 `` i 've had this shop for seventeen years , '' joseph said . 
 `` she bought her first doll from me , at a discount , of course . 
 after that , she became very secretive about what she purchased and where she bought it . 
 she hid dolls around her house , worrying constantly that someone would steal them . 
 she became distrustful of everyone . 
 what 's the point of having a collection if you ca n't have fun with it ? '' 
 `` then ? '' 
 gretchen said , encouraging him to continue . 
 she heard nina 's voice drifting from across the room . 
 `` i offered to take the collection on consignment when i found out she faced bankruptcy , but she refused . 
 she had a pernicious personality . 
 her fingers were caustic , destroying everything she touched . 
 and she never let go . 
 i do n't know what happened to her collection . 
 i have to assume she acted with her typical irrational behavior , and the collection is lost forever . '' 
 `` you hesitated before answering . 
 you do n't believe it , do you ? '' 
 joseph shrugged . 
 `` she cared about those dolls in a way she never cared about any living person . 
 she would have died for them before she 'd let anyone take them . '' 
 maybe she did die for them . 
 `` last i saw her , she was hopelessly lost in one of many bouts of what i called schizophrenic paranoia . 
 she showed up here at the shop . 
 someone was always out to get her . 
 nations plotted to overthrow her . 
 this time the secret agent stalking her was someone she called ` the inspector . ' 
 i assumed she meant the state of arizona was finally going to force her into a rehab program . 
 too bad they did n't move a little quicker . '' 
 nina came around the corner , her face as white as unpainted china . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 gretchen asked , afraid to hear the answer . 
 `` they found your mother 's car , '' nina said , her voice thick and shaky , `` in northern scottsdale . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 gretchen watched nina 's mouth slowly form the words . 
 `` the car left the road and ran into a drainage ditch . 
 it must have rolled several times , because it landed upside down . '' 
 gretchen 's hands flew to her mouth . 
 `` no , '' she said in disbelief . 
 `` is she ... ? '' 
 `` caroline 's in critical condition at scottsdale memorial . 
 she 's in surgery right now . '' 
 chapter 15 while gretchen drove to the hospital , nina dialed several phone numbers before reaching someone who could help . 
 larry gerney agreed to meet them in the visitor 's parking lot and arrived at the same time they did . 
 hurrying , they transferred tutu and nimrod to larry 's car . 
 gretchen handed over the key to her mother 's house . 
 `` it 's much closer for you than driving them all the way to nina 's , '' she said . 
 `` leave the dogs there . '' 
 `` i 'll take care of it , '' larry said , and pulled away as they ran into the hospital . 
 nina 's ability to think in a linear path under duress amazed gretchen . 
 by the time they arrived at the hospital , nina had notified most of the birch family members across the country , arranged for pet care with larry , and had even left a message for steve to return her call . 
 gretchen , on the other hand , had driven in silence , almost paralyzed by fear and shock . 
 now she wanted to stand up and scream at everyone -- at the dispassionate receptionist attending the waiting room desk , at the nurses strolling through in their impenetrable groups , quietly murmuring among themselves and consulting clipboards . 
 she wanted to scream at nina for her endless chatter . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 she stared out a hospital window at pavement and parked cars and at nothing at all . 
 nina forced her to take a cup of coffee , but her one good arm felt too weak to lift it to her lips . 
 instead of drinking the coffee , she clutched it like a lifeline . 
 hospital sounds whirled around her . 
 an overhead paging system called for dr. kay . 
 mechanical noises created by massive generators churned , and carts creaked down harshly lighted halls that smelled faintly of chemicals and sanitizers . 
 someone walked by and stopped . 
 gretchen turned her head . 
 `` she suffered a subdural hematoma , '' a woman in scrubs said . 
 `` a severe head injury . 
 she 's in surgery now to relieve the pressure and control the bleeding . 
 we wo n't know anything for several hours . '' 
 `` did anyone speak to her ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 `` she was unconscious when she arrived . '' 
 `` is the bleeding in her brain ? '' 
 nina said while gretchen remained speechless . 
 `` no , '' the woman explained . 
 `` it 's the area external to the brain , below the inner layer of the dura . '' 
 nina nodded and gripped gretchen 's fingers below her cast . 
 `` thank you , '' gretchen murmured and the woman walked through doors clearly labeled no admittance ! 
 in novels , the heroine never cries , gretchen thought , watching nina dab her eyes with a balled-up tissue . 
 gretchen looked away , wondering who the heroine could be in this real-life drama . 
 she did n't know why , but the sight of other people crying always brought tears to her own eyes . 
 two uniformed police , stationed at the end of the hall , stood guard . 
 because of caroline 's arrest warrant status , they would remain at the hospital until she awoke and was able to be questioned . 
 if she awoke . 
 if . 
 if . 
 if ... larry returned from taking the dogs home and sat down beside them , visibly agitated . 
 detective albright appeared and strode purposefully across the waiting room toward them . 
 `` i headed here as soon as i heard , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't have much information . 
 we do n't have any witnesses to the accident , at least not yet . 
 a passing motorist observed the car lying upside down in the ditch on pima road and called nine-one-one . 
 it took quite a while to extricate her from the vehicle , and she lost consciousness during transport in the paramedic unit . '' 
 he looked at gretchen . 
 `` have you heard anything yet ? '' 
 `` she has a head injury , '' gretchen said , faintly . 
 `` she 's in surgery . 
 were you at the scene ? '' 
 `` of the accident ? 
 no . 
 i did n't hear about it until they had time to run the plates . 
 she was on her way to the hospital by then . '' 
 `` did anyone talk to her ? '' 
 larry asked , blinking wildly . 
 `` she was in shock , '' matt said . 
 `` she did n't make much sense . '' 
 `` nina asked the hospital staff the same thing , '' gretchen said . 
 `` but no one had an opportunity to ask her about the accident . 
 she was unconscious when she arrived . '' 
 `` why do n't you take a break , '' matt said . 
 `` go home for awhile . 
 i 'll call you when she comes out of surgery . '' 
 `` i 'll stay , too , '' larry said . 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` i could n't possibly leave . '' 
 `` let 's go outside , '' nina suggested , `` and try to get through to steve again . 
 and i 'll update the family . '' 
 `` who 's steve ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 `` her fiancé , '' nina replied , stretching the truth even in time of crisis . 
 `` he 's an attorney , so you better watch yourself . 
 no illegal moves while he 's round . 
 i think i might have a lawsuit against you for searching my car . '' 
 `` i 'll be on my best behavior , '' matt said , displaying the palms of his hands . 
 `` promise . '' 
 gretchen had lost all feeling . 
 her body and mind were numb . 
 nina took the coffee cup from her hand , placed it on the table , and led her outside . 
 she did n't feel the heat . 
 she shuffled along like a woman without hope , like the homeless men and women wandering the streets . 
 `` snap out of it , '' nina said , harshly . 
 gretchen numbly dialed steve 's office number . 
 `` no one 's answering at the office . '' 
 `` it 's sunday , '' nina said . 
 `` call his cell phone . '' 
 she gazed into nina 's frightened eyes and listened to the third ring . 
 she chewed her lip . 
 `` gretchen , '' steve said when he answered . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 mechanically , she related the events surrounding her mother 's accident as they had been told to her . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , '' steve said . 
 `` this is awful . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 gretchen wanted to say no , i 'm not okay . 
 nothing is okay . 
 how could i be okay ? 
 instead she said , `` i 'm with nina . 
 we 'll be at scottsdale memorial until we know the outcome of the surgery and i get a chance to see her . 
 i ca n't use my phone inside . 
 you 'll have to call the hospital if you want me . '' 
 `` just do whatever you need to do . 
 and call me as soon as you know anything . '' 
 gretchen signed off . 
 she wanted to scream at him , too . 
 why had n't he offered to come ? 
 did n't he know she needed his support , needed him at her side ? 
 calm down , she scolded . 
 stay cool . 
 you 're over-reacting . 
 it 's the stress that 's making you feel crazy . 
 `` i have your aunt gertie on the line , '' nina said with distaste , covering her cell phone with her hand . 
 `` she 's willing to catch a flight today if you want her to . 
 she said your mother has to be exonerated and needs help now more than ever because she ca n't defend herself . '' 
 gretchen took the phone from nina . 
 `` aunt gertie , i ca n't worry about the murder investigation right now . 
 all i care about is whether or not she 's going to live . '' 
 `` quality of life counts too , you know , '' gertie said . 
 `` she is n't going to be happy in prison . 
 she needs you to keep working for her because she ca n't do it herself . '' 
 `` do n't come yet . 
 i 'll let you know if i need you . '' 
 `` we 're a crusty line of women , '' gertie said . 
 `` you have what it takes . 
 keep me posted and stay strong . '' 
 gretchen heard her disconnect . 
 stay strong . 
 good advice from aunt gertie . 
 larry continued to make himself useful . 
 at eight o’clock , he drove back to caroline 's house to check on tutu and nimrod and feed wobbles . 
 `` i confined them to the kitchen . 
 not wobbles , '' he said quickly when he saw gretchen 's expression . 
 `` the two dogs . 
 i had to . 
 they were behaving like a bunch of teenagers who discovered the parents were away . 
 what a mess . '' 
 he caught nina 's look . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i cleaned it up . '' 
 matt paced the hall , drinking coffee , and occasionally huddling with the officers on duty in the hall . 
 at some point , he thrust a tuna sandwich into gretchen 's hand and forced her to take small bites . 
 three eternal hours after they had arrived at the hospital , the doctor appeared . 
 `` she 's in recovery , '' he said . 
 `` the surgery went well . 
 she 's not out of danger yet , though . 
 the next twenty-four hours are critical . '' 
 gretchen and nina fell into each other 's arms and let the emotions that had been boiling under the surface escape . 
 damp-eyed , gretchen asked to see her mother . 
 `` she 'll be in recovery for a while . 
 go home , and we 'll call you when she wakes up . 
 that wo n't be any time soon . '' 
 gretchen glanced at matt . 
 at least he had the good form to refrain from requesting an interrogation . 
 she wondered how soon the attending physician would allow police officials to question his patient . 
 when matt sat down next to the coffeepot and crossed one leg over his knee , gretchen knew he was in for the long haul . 
 so was she . 
 `` i 'm staying , '' she said to the doctor , with a piercing glance at matt . 
 she sat down hard in a chair and crossed her arms . 
 `` and i expect to be the first one notified when she is able to have a visitor . '' 
 the doctor approached the detective . 
 `` it 'll be some time before you will be able to interview her . 
 her family will be the only ones allowed in initally . '' 
 matt looked over at gretchen . 
 `` i understand . 
 i 'm staying anyway . 
 after all , i 'm almost like family . '' 
 how quickly he went from family friend to family member . 
 a charlatan , our craggy detective . 
 `` i 'm staying , too , '' larry said . 
 another round of waiting began . 
 gretchen watched the sun go down from a chair next to the window . 
 the officers standing guard resorted to playing cards . 
 nina left to monitor her pets with larry in tow , and gretchen found herself alone with matt . 
 he glanced up from a magazine . 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` you said she was in shock at the scene of the accident . '' 
 `` schmidt , '' he said , calling to one of the officers . 
 `` you talked to caroline birch ? '' 
 the taller of the two officers looked up from his card hand . 
 `` yah , but it was all gibberish . '' 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 officer schmidt lowered his cards and folded them into his beefy palm and frowned in concentration . 
 `` let 's see . 
 she musta thought she was auditioning for a part in a movie or something . 
 she said she was waiting forever to be discovered , and this was her big break . '' 
 he fanned the cards and threw one down . 
 `` what do you expect ? 
 she was in shock . '' 
 gretchen sat up straight in her chair . 
 she felt a wave of dizziness and clutched the side of the chair . 
 `` how did you identify her ? '' 
 she asked slowly . 
 the answer was important , more important than they knew . 
 `` how did you know she was caroline birch ? '' 
 she demanded , rephrasing the question . 
 the officer continued to scowl . 
 `` we ran the plates . '' 
 matt leaned forward and abruptly dropped the magazine on a side table . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she was n't carrying identification , '' the officer said defensively , sensing he 'd said something wrong . 
 `` no purse ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 officer schmidt shook his head . 
 `` not a scrap of paper anywhere . 
 no purse . 
 no wallet . 
 just a paper bag with a few dirty clothes wadded up inside . '' 
 gretchen jumped up . 
 she wanted to scream at the top of her lungs . 
 instead she shouted to no one in particular . 
 `` that is n't my mother in recovery . 
 she did n't have a car accident . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 matt said . 
 `` the car accident . 
 it was n't my mother in the car . 
 it was daisy , the homeless woman . '' 
 __________ gretchen and matt stood beside her bed . 
 the nurse in charge of the recovery room watched to make sure they obeyed the rules . 
 their instructions had been clear . 
 no speaking to the patient . 
 one minute , no more , to make the identification . 
 this was highly irregular . 
 frowned on by administration . 
 but under the circumstances , permissible she seemed small and helpless wrapped in hospital linen and gown , and her eyes were closed . 
 her head was wrapped in white bandages , and tubes snaked from beneath the bedding and traveled up into a maze of equipment and monitors . 
 the woman who was her mother . 
 but was n't . 
 if daisy were conscious she would be pleased at the attention , the part she unwittingly played . 
 she had finally received top billing to a sold-out audience . 
 gretchen struggled between feelings of intense relief that she was n't viewing her injured mother and overwhelming guilt because of that relief . 
 a woman lay before her , struggling for life . 
 whatever distance gretchen had felt from daisy and her way of life was now shortened . 
 her possession of caroline 's car had established a connection , and gretchen vowed to do whatever she could to help daisy . 
 if only she would live . 
 where was her mother ? 
 gretchen 's search led her in a circuitous path , and with each loop she found herself traveling closer to nacho and daisy . 
 how did a ragged collection of indigents get to occupy center stage ? 
 gretchen felt a gentle nudge and looked up into matt 's questioning eyes . 
 she nodded . 
 chapter 16 gretchen opened one eye . 
 she was lying in her mother 's bed . 
 sunlight beamed through the slatted blinds , and wobbles rose from the bed covers and stretched luxuriantly . 
 images from the night before flashed through her mind . 
 nina 's expression when she learned that daisy , not her cherished older sister , lay beyond the waiting room doors . 
 endless phone calls , correcting false information dispersed earlier to frightened relatives . 
 the reaction that remained central in gretchen 's mind was aunt gertie 's unique analysis . 
 `` the woman who fell from your mountain obviously was n't murdered for love , so it had to be about money , '' she had said late last night . 
 `` she hid her dolls , and everyone 's scrambling around hoping to cash in . 
 it appears you and your airhead aunt nina and , of course , the cops , who never know anything anyway , are the only ones who do n't know what 's going on . '' 
 `` what about my mother ? '' 
 gretchen had asked . 
 `` your mother knows more than anybody , '' aunt gertie insisted . 
 `` that 's why she 's holed up . '' 
 holed up ? 
 gretchen had n't heard that expression since the days she watched old westerns with her father . 
 the hole-in-the-wall gang and bonnie and clyde . 
 ` holed up ' invoked images of outlaw behavior , albeit romantic , glorified criminals who died young . 
 gretchen forced the image of bonnie and clyde 's last moments on earth from her mind . 
 riddled with bullets . 
 aunt gertie 's down-home attitude appealed to gretchen in spite of her phrase turning . 
 she said what she meant and did what she had to do , and did n't care what others thought of her . 
 you always knew where you stood with aunt gertie . 
 she epitomized their family of mostly strong women . 
 gretchen could n't say the same for herself . 
 she was the exception . 
 she made her second vow in the last twenty-four hours . 
 the first was to daisy and their future relationship . 
 the second was to herself . 
 she would , in military terms , muster up , find those strength genes running renegade inside her , and harness them together . 
 today she would wear her new attitude like a gun holster on her hip . 
 `` let 's go , '' she called to nina , buried under a pile of blankets on caroline 's sofa where she had collapsed in exhaustion . 
 tutu 's head popped out at the bottom of the blankets next to one purple-lacquered toenail . 
 when gretchen pulled back the covers she found nimrod sleeping in nina 's armpit . 
 `` rise and shine . 
 we 're on a mission today , and you 'll have to start out at a run to keep up with me . '' 
 wobbles wound through her legs while she made coffee . 
 she dumped two extra tablespoons into the filter to symbolize her new strength and fortitude and then fed all the animals . 
 `` the dogs are staying home today , nina . 
 we have to stay flexible because ... '' she leaned into nina 's blanketed form as it rose and moved toward her like a zombie from beyond . 
 `` ... today we will either find my mother or find out what really happened , or both . '' 
 nina , slumped in a kitchen chair while gretchen toasted sourdough bread and sliced a thick wedge of vermont cheddar . 
 `` eat , '' gretchen ordered . 
 she checked her array of voice machines : apartment in boston , cell phone voice mail , and her mother 's personal answering machine . 
 a few acquaintances in boston wondered when she would be back , a message from steve sounding annoyed and wanting to know what was going on `` since yesterday 's fiasco , '' and a message from larry . 
 `` i 've put all caroline 's projects on hold , '' larry said . 
 `` except a few of the most pressing jobs . 
 when i let the dogs out yesterday i also reprogrammed the voice message on caroline 's business machine , directing all calls to my number until further notice . 
 i hope you do n't mind . 
 if you find that you have to do something with your hands because waiting is driving you mad , i left a few simple restringing jobs behind . 
 there 's no hurry on those , though . 
 keep me posted . '' 
 briefly gretchen wondered if larry 's intentions were as unmotivated as he pretended . 
 reprogramming her mother 's machine seemed like a bold thing to do , considering the competitive nature of the doll business . 
 well , gretchen reasoned , her mother would have lost customers with unmet deadlines anyway . 
 she decided to ignore steve 's message and his petulant remark . 
 this was the new gretchen birch . 
 she drove away from the house with a grumbling , pet-free nina riding shotgun . 
 detective albright pulled out from the curb behind them . 
 `` does n't he have anything better to do ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` he knows by now that i do n't have a clue where my mother is . 
 is he waiting for me to solve the case for him ? 
 tagging along to claim the prize and win a promotion ? '' 
 `` he 's probably looking out for you , '' nina said . 
 `` i think he 's cute . '' 
 when they turned onto lincoln , gretchen dialed 911 . 
 `` i 'm being followed , '' she said into the phone . 
 `` the driver is shaking a tire iron at me in a threatening way and displaying obscene gestures . 
 in fact , he tried to run me off the road . 
 please help . '' 
 nina stared at gretchen . 
 `` no , he 's too close to read his license number . '' 
 gretchen gave the dispatcher her location . '' 
 he 's driving a blue chevrolet . 
 me ... ? '' 
 gretchen hesitated , searching the cars ahead of her and spotting a likely candidate . 
 `` i 'm driving a yellow mercedes convertible . 
 we 'll be passing twenty-fourth street soon . '' 
 a few minutes later , gretchen heard sirens in the distance . 
 without signaling , she abruptly pulled over on the shoulder of the street , startling matt , who had no recourse other than to continue on ahead of her . 
 he slowed , then pulled over when he saw the lights and siren looming behind him . 
 `` imagine his surprise , '' nina said , watching the police vehicle slide in behind matt 's car . 
 gretchen pulled back onto lincoln and drove past the startled detective , who was already out of his vehicle flashing his badge at the responding police officer . 
 `` we do n't have much time to make our getaway , '' she said , adapting a choice word from aunt gertie 's repertoire . 
 `` he 'll be after us as soon as the police officer realizes who he is . '' 
 `` i did n't know you had it in you , '' nina said , incredulous . 
 gretchen smiled . 
 __________ nacho streaked down the street with gretchen in hot pursuit and nina somewhere behind in the impala . 
 she wore her favorite running shoes in anticipation of this exact scenario . 
 best of all she had surprised him instead of the other way around . 
 she had seized the advantage and was right on his heels . 
 but she had yet to figure out how to stop him , short of a full-body tackle , because she really did n't want another broken bone . 
 she was so close behind him that his smell filled her nostrils , ripe body odor and dirty clothes . 
 and fear . 
 she smelled his fear . 
 even though she had never smelled fear before , she knew this was it , the same way any predator knows the smell . 
 she 'd had her share of fear last night . 
 it was his turn . 
 passersby looked on in astonishment as the two darted down the sidewalk clogged with people heading for work . 
 a dog barked . 
 gretchen reached ahead with her good hand and tried to get a grip on the back of his shirt . 
 he squealed and wrenched away . 
 how to stop him ? 
 she might have an uncanny new inner strength , but her dull mental processing could use some sharpening . 
 suddenly the answer came to her . 
 `` daisy 's hurt , '' she managed to call out through bursting lungs . 
 `` she had ... '' gretchen puffed . 
 `` ... a car accident . 
 she 's in the hospital . '' 
 she sensed him wavering , an almost imperceptible change in his speed . 
 `` she needs you . '' 
 nacho slowed to a trot , and gretchen forced herself to be patient . 
 do n't grab at him . 
 let him come to you now . 
 he twirled , still moving , backwards . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 `` no , she was driving my mother 's car . '' 
 gretchen saw a flicker of recognition in his eyes . 
 he knows , she thought . 
 he knows about the car but not about the accident . 
 `` she 's hurt badly . 
 i can take you to her . '' 
 she pulled her cell phone from a clip on her belt . 
 she had planned ahead to keep her hands free from the burden of a purse . 
 the clip was nina 's idea to allow her freedom to move . 
 `` we 're ready , '' she whispered into the phone . 
 from the corner of her eye she saw nina 's impala pull up to the curb , and nacho warily slid into the backseat , tensed to make a run for it if necessary . 
 gretchen slid in right behind him , leaving nina alone up front to taxi them to the hospital . 
 `` you 're traveling light today , '' she said , `` where 's your bag and daisy 's shopping cart ? '' 
 `` at my place , '' he said . 
 `` like it 's any of your business . '' 
 my place ? 
 he had a place ? 
 `` take sixteenth street , '' gretchen advised nina . 
 `` we do n't want to run into our persistent detective friend . '' 
 they drove the rest of the way to the hospital in silence , a dubious expression on nina 's face . 
 the windows were rolled down to disperse the rank air . 
 nacho stayed alert , one hand on the door handle . 
 gretchen sat on an angle , eyeing nacho in case he decided to make a swift exit . 
 the critical care receptionist scrunched her nose and gaped at nacho . 
 her eyes flicked up and down his body suspiciously , taking in the protrusion on the side of his head , but her expression lightened when she recognized gretchen . 
 `` your mother 's feeling better today , '' she said , still operating under mistaken identities . 
 `` she 's awake . '' 
 `` we 'd like to see her , '' gretchen said , well aware of the family-only rule and seizing the opportunity to bypass it without having to explain that daisy 's next-of-kin was an imaginary movie producer . 
 `` only for a few minutes . 
 the doctor will be in soon . '' 
 she studied nacho . 
 `` is he family ? '' 
 `` uncle nacho , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and this is aunt nina . '' 
 `` you have quite a family , '' the receptionist said , unaware of the hostile glare nina shot at gretchen . 
 `` room three twelve . 
 only one of you in the room at a time . 
 we do n't want to tire the patient . '' 
 the critical care unit was a formidable place , capable of intimidating the most resilient visitor . 
 the air buzzed with activity in spite of the hushed atmosphere . 
 after finding the right room , gretchen cast a look down the hall and , after making sure they were n't watched , motioned to nina and nacho to follow her in . 
 daisy , encased in white bedding and bandages , looked like an octopus , tentacles of plastic tubing rising in the air . 
 she opened one eye and smiled when she saw nacho standing in the doorway . 
 `` look at this , '' she said . 
 `` the show is sold out on opening night . 
 hello , fans . '' 
 `` you gave me a scare , '' nacho said , moving close and taking her hand . 
 `` i worried about you when you did n't come back . '' 
 `` we all worried about you , '' nina said . 
 `` this is like a fancy resort for me , '' daisy said . 
 `` three squares a day and a button for room service . 
 i might learn to like it here . '' 
 nacho continued to hold her hand . 
 `` did you tell them ? '' 
 daisy asked him . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 nacho 's face softened . 
 `` it 's time to tell them . 
 they 're her family , '' daisy said . 
 nacho blew out a sigh and turned to gretchen and nina . 
 `` caroline flew out on a plane right after martha died , '' he said . 
 `` she did n't want to leave a trail , so i moved her car away from the airport . 
 she gave me a credit card , and i drove it to cave creek and used the card to fill up the gas tank . 
 i did it just like she said . '' 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` she said she had to take care of something important that involved martha . 
 she would n't tell me anything more than that . '' 
 `` how do you know my mother ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` and why would she ask you to help her ? '' 
 she did n't say the obvious , that nacho had little to give in the way of support . 
 `` martha trusted her . 
 that was good enough for me . 
 you 'll have to ask her yourself why she came to me . '' 
 gretchen eyed nacho . 
 unkempt , a knob on his head sprouting up like a cactus through the dry desert earth , defiance in his stance . 
 `` do you know there 's a warrant for her arrest ? 
 the police think she may have killed martha . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 `` what about the doll trunk ? '' 
 nina said . 
 `` she left a bag in the backseat of her car . 
 she told me to open it and follow the directions she had written on the picture . '' 
 `` the same bag i found in the shopping cart ? 
 with the doll trunk ? '' 
 nacho nodded . 
 `` where 's the doll ? '' 
 `` i never saw a doll . '' 
 `` okay , '' gretchen said . 
 `` you went to the airport with her , she gave you a credit card and her car , and asked you to take care of the doll trunk . 
 and all this time she did n't tell you where she was going or why she was going there . 
 do i have that right ? '' 
 `` you got it , '' daisy said , her voice like a dove feather , soft and lilting . 
 `` only i love to drive around . 
 have n't had a car since the late eighties . 
 whee , it was fun . '' 
 `` that 's why you had daisy 's shopping cart ? '' 
 gretchen said to nacho . 
 `` because she wanted to drive around ? '' 
 `` she was supposed to park it over by mcdowell , '' nacho said . 
 `` that was the plan . 
 instead daisy was gone overnight . '' 
 the unemployed actress put on an appropriately chastised expression , as if to say that the bandages wrapped around her head proved that her punishment outweighed her crime . 
 gretchen studied daisy , and it struck her that the homeless woman would have viewed the car as more than a simple pleasure ride . 
 she would have thought of it as shelter . 
 `` instead of abandoning the car you were sleeping in it , were n't you ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` i know i should n't have , '' daisy said . 
 `` i wanted to take one last ride , then i planned to park it right where nacho said . '' 
 nacho scowled at her , eyebrows meeting in one bushy line , tuffs of stubble sprouting from unlikely pores in his face . 
 concern , rather than anger , apparent in his eyes . 
 an obvious bond existed between them . 
 `` and i would have , too , if someone had n't rammed into the back of the car . 
 i lost control and flew right off the road . '' 
 _________ detective albright waited in the lobby . 
 gretchen could feel his anger saturating the climate-controlled hospital air , his face tight , the space around him crackling with static tension . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he said to nacho , his voice as controlled as the air-conditioning . 
 he made a point of ignoring her . 
 `` my brother ? '' 
 nina managed to croak . 
 `` you need to say that with more conviction . 
 if i did n't know you so well , i might think you made it up , '' matt said to nina . 
 he grabbed gretchen by the arm and steered her away from the others . 
 `` i need to speak with you . '' 
 `` i could charge you with obstruction of justice , '' he hissed when they were out of earshot . 
 `` i could charge you with police brutality . '' 
 gretchen wrenched away from his grasp . 
 `` i ca n't believe you called the cops on me . '' 
 `` it was a case of mistaken identity . 
 i did n't know it was you . '' 
 `` we seem to have a lot of mistaken identities as well as disappearing acts going on . '' 
 matt ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` who 's the colorful character ? '' 
 `` a friend of daisy 's . '' 
 `` we had an agreement to share information , remember ? '' 
 `` that was your idea , not mine . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , we 're on opposing sides . '' 
 matt leaned in . 
 `` we both want the same thing . 
 we want to see this case closed . '' 
 `` we differ in the end results . 
 i care about the outcome . '' 
 gretchen glanced over at nina and nacho . 
 what could she tell him that would help her mother ? 
 nothing . 
 what could she say ? 
 excuse me , but the latest facts are a little puzzling . 
 you see , my mother conspired with these nice homeless people to conceal her movements in an effort to throw off pursuers and evade capture . 
 she glanced at nacho . 
 what other bits of useful information could she share ? 
 then there 's the note i found scribbled on a photocopy of a doll . 
 my mother hid a french fashion doll and asked her co-conspirators to hide a valuable doll trunk , which they did . 
 oh , and by the way , i stole the trunk from them . 
 the situation kept getting better and better and her involvement deeper and deeper . 
 gretchen thought of one thing she could tell him that might help . 
 she wondered how much information daisy would willingly offer the authorities . 
 based on her lifestyle , probably not much . 
 `` daisy had the car accident because someone rammed into the back of my mother 's car , '' gretchen said . 
 `` since the birch women do n't believe in coincidence , let 's assume it was intentional . 
 this means that someone was trying to kill daisy or someone was trying to kill my mother . '' 
 with one last scathing look , matt headed for the elevator . 
 __________ caroline stood inside a western union on the south side of chicago and counted out the money in her hands . 
 thanks to her sister-in-law 's generosity and her amazing ability to stifle her unusual runaway curiosity , caroline would buy a change of clothes , splurge on a hot meal , and check into a modest hotel room for a much-needed shower . 
 she had had no choice but to appeal to someone for help , and her late husband 's somewhat cantankerous sister , gertie , had been the right choice after all . 
 no questions asked . 
 beyond the limited information gertie was offered , she had a certain innate understanding of the complex circumstances that controlled caroline 's actions . 
 of course , she 'd wire the money . 
 caroline left western union and hastened along , her laptop an extension of her arm , anxious to find a private place to search the internet once again . 
 hurry up . 
 and wait . 
 hurry up . 
 and wait . 
 this whole unpleasant business was taking much longer than she anticipated . 
 without a strike soon , she was doomed . 
 like a broken doll consigned to the waste heap . 
 she fervently hoped she was right and that his greed would compel him to sell another one . 
 it could as easily be a woman , she reminded herself . 
 she had no idea who her antagonist was . 
 male or female , it did n't matter at all . 
 the time had come , she decided , to call her daughter . 
 chapter 17 gretchen had many questions for nacho , but he became withdrawn and uncommunicative without daisy to prompt him along . 
 his eyes grew fearful , his glance darting , searching for an escape route like a trapped animal . 
 it was the thunder that did it . 
 they stood in front of the hospital and watched the sky . 
 the wind had picked up speed , roaring to the south . 
 rain clouds were visible on the horizon and moving toward them . 
 `` i thought it did n't rain in phoenix in july , '' gretchen said to nina . 
 `` maybe the storm will bring cooler weather . '' 
 nina snorted . 
 `` do n't count on it . 
 this is n't the east coast . 
 arizona is a planet of its own , like mars or jupiter , and it 'll stay stifling hot with or without rain . '' 
 lightning speared into the desert floor somewhere in the distance , and static electricity snapping through the air . 
 `` the monsoon , '' nacho muttered , with increased agitation . 
 `` flash flooding , '' nina said . 
 nacho turned to gretchen . 
 `` you have to take me home . 
 quickly . '' 
 `` lead the way , '' she said , feeling she was finally breaking through a barrier . 
 the storm moved in behind the impala as they traveled from scottsdale into phoenix 's central city . 
 nacho directed gretchen past the southern pacific rail yard and the freight trains that brought lumber and building materials into the construction-crazed city . 
 they drove along the black canyon highway on an elevated viaduct and exited with the first drops of rain beginning to splatter on the windshield . 
 the monsoon , nina explained as they drove , started in july and ended some time in august . 
 it brought torrential rains and damaging hail , water that the hard-packed earth could n't absorb and the inadequate drainage system could n't transport . 
 streets could become rapidly moving rivers , tearing out trees and destroying buildings . 
 `` surely , you 're exaggerating , '' gretchen said , her eyes wide . 
 nina shook her head . 
 `` six inches of fast-moving water can knock you right off your feet . 
 i 've seen cars swept away . '' 
 gretchen glanced back and saw black sky outdistancing them and swirling clouds approaching fast . 
 ahead , in the boulevards , palm trees bowed under the increasing force of the wind . 
 nacho directed them to pull off beneath a freeway viaduct . 
 as soon as the car stopped , he bolted out the door and ran down into a shallow wash . 
 nina and gretchen followed , stumbling on the rough ground . 
 nina , who thought shopping at the mall qualified as strenuous exercise , scrambled to keep up , and gretchen slowed to wait for her . 
 `` how do we know he is n't dangerous , '' nina puffed . 
 `` he could have killed martha and lied about helping your mother . '' 
 `` i 'm willing to take that risk if it means finding her . '' 
 the sky gave way , and rain pounded down , hammering the car and everything else in its path . 
 the bridge overhead saved them from the deluge . 
 `` this is n't too bad , '' gretchen said . 
 `` we can wait out the rain right here . '' 
 `` you have a lot to learn , '' nina said , tripping along . 
 `` it 's a good thing i 'm around to protect you . 
 this dry wash will be under water in no time at all . 
 you 're standing in the worst possible place . '' 
 gretchen looked back at the rain , then turned in time to see nacho disappear into the side of a large beam that supported the viaduct . 
 one minute he was running toward the support beam , the next minute he was gone . 
 she opened her mouth in surprise and started running . 
 rain trickled past her feet . 
 over the roar of the wind , she thought she heard her cell phone ringing on her belt clip . 
 she let it ring and kept running in the direction she had last seen nacho . 
 on closer inspection , his shelter under the cover of the bridge was a work of genius . 
 nacho had created a façade around the beam , a false wall of cardboard made from several refrigerator boxes . 
 he had painted the cardboard a slate gray to match the color of the beam and brought the pieces together with gray duct tape , effectively concealing his makeshift home from prying eyes . 
 gretchen found the opening and pushed through . 
 inside , nacho leaned against daisy 's shopping cart and took a long draw from a cheap bottle of wine . 
 he offered her the bottle , and she shook her head . 
 he raised it to his lips and drained what was left . 
 the shopping cart , filled to overflowing , took up most of the room in his hand-made shelter . 
 an old piece of outdoor carpeting covered the ground . 
 gretchen knew enough about the plight of the homeless to feel a deep empathy for nacho and daisy . 
 through the years the homeless had been herded from a visible presence in tent cities to old warehouses where they huddled conveniently out of sight . 
 the few social programs still operating could n't support the growing numbers , and now jails were becoming the new shelters of the future . 
 nacho had found an alternative to living on the street and an alternative to abiding by the rules of the government-funded shelters . 
 the gale-strength wind threatened his newfound home . 
 the cardboard rattled violently , and gretchen wondered how much longer the duct tape would hold . 
 nina slid through behind her . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' she said , an edge of panic in her voice . 
 `` this wash is a death trap . '' 
 `` i ca n't leave without my stuff . '' 
 nacho 's arms swept to encompass the tiny room . 
 `` and daisy 's cart . '' 
 `` the cart wo n't fit in the car , '' gretchen said . 
 `` we 'll wheel it up to the top of the wash and unload the contents into nina 's car . 
 maybe we can tie the cart to a girder so the wind wo n't blow it away . '' 
 `` this entire wash is going to be a running river before you get done talking about it , '' nina screamed into the wind as they pulled the cart along . 
 a large black lawn bag filled with nacho 's possessions bounced behind him as he half carried it , half dragged it along . 
 water rose over their shoes . 
 the rain pelted gretchen 's arms and face as they hurriedly stuffed the contents of daisy 's shopping cart into the trunk . 
 nacho tossed his bag into the backseat and ran back down into the growing water swell . 
 he called out , but the wind lifted the sound away from her . 
 gretchen watched him splash through the growing swell , then he disappeared inside the corrugated board . 
 when she moved to follow him , nina grabbed her arm . 
 `` stay here . 
 he 's a fool . '' 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 gretchen wiped her wet face with her good hand . 
 so much for staying dry . 
 her clothes were soaked . 
 ignoring nina 's advice , she decided to follow him . 
 what if he refused to abandon ship ? 
 she would drag him out if necessary . 
 she slipped into his shelter and he seized her from behind , pining her arms against her side , his breath foul on her neck . 
 she realized how isolated she was . 
 nina could n't help her from the top of the wash . 
 if he had killed martha , he would kill her without hesitation . 
 then what ? 
 would he go after nina ? 
 no one knew where they were , it might be days before someone discovered their bodies . 
 victims of flash flooding . 
 who would guess the truth ? 
 his hold was strong . 
 she bent forward , twisting and pushing up to free her arms . 
 when she began to struggle he released her and backed up . 
 `` you should n't have followed me , '' he said with dark , emotionless eyes . 
 `` i came to help , '' she said , breathing hard . 
 he shoved her . 
 `` get out while you still can . '' 
 the same words he had spoken to her outside of the restaurant . 
 at the time , she assumed he was threatening her , but now she was n't so sure . 
 maybe , then as now , he was warning her away from a dangerous situation . 
 he was a strange man with abrupt and edgy mannerisms . 
 not quite right by society 's standards , a little off . 
 gretchen burst through the opening and glanced back to see him following . 
 nacho kicked through the flowing water , carrying another bag . 
 six inches of water , nina had warned . 
 strong enough to bowl you over and sweep you away . 
 they struggled through the water , not running now . 
 walking thickly , off-balance with each step . 
 `` follow the flow , '' nacho said , close to her ear . 
 `` and angle toward the embankment . '' 
 they had no choice but to turn away from nina and the car . 
 gretchen felt the calf-deep water pulling her along . 
 she quit fighting against it , accepting it instead , but edging slowly at an angle toward the embankment . 
 she glanced back and saw nina waving her arms frantically . 
 gretchen felt firm footing below , less pull from the current , as nacho rose ahead of her on the hill , clutching the bag . 
 she looked back at the swelling river then loped all the way back to the car . 
 `` martha 's , '' nacho said , peering intensely at gretchen and pushing the bag at her . 
 she took the bag from him and threw it in the backseat . 
 `` we do n't have anything to secure the shopping cart , '' she said , rain pouring down her face . 
 `` we 'll have to abandon it . '' 
 `` it 's not like she ca n't get another one , '' nina shouted . 
 nacho wedged it between the face of the concrete ramp and a metal pole , and nina pulled away just as the whirling water ripped apart nacho 's home . 
 lightning struck , closer this time , and gretchen envied wobbles and the canines for their dry and protected home . 
 water from her soaking clothes pooled on the floor around her , and the seat felt squishy and wet . 
 nina ground the car to an abrupt halt . 
 a sign loomed ahead . 
 do not cross when flooded . 
 the street ahead looked like the inside of a whirlpool with all the jets at full blast . 
 `` i can show you a way out , '' nacho said , pointing to the right . 
 `` go that way . '' 
 and nina swung the wheel . 
 ten minutes later , at nacho 's insistence , they dropped him at the rescue mission . 
 he heaved his own large bag out behind him , and after another piercing look at gretchen , he ran for cover . 
 `` i feel like i 'm letting him get away , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i have so many questions , and he 's the only one who might be able to answer them . '' 
 `` we know how to find him . '' 
 nina said . 
 `` he knows so much more than he 's telling us . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` that 's the birch psychic intuition finally coming out in you . '' 
 nina grinned . 
 `` it 's about time . 
 that 's a good thing . '' 
 `` at least he left all this other stuff in the car . '' 
 nina wrinkled her face . 
 `` that 's the bad thing . '' 
 they passed a car caught in flooding in a wash along the side of the street . 
 two men sat on the roof of the car , and rescue vehicles were parked at the curb on higher ground . 
 firemen attended to the men and directed traffic away from the area . 
 gretchen saw a helicopter overhead , scouting for stranded motorists and dangerous situations . 
 `` we 'll get home eventually , '' nina said . 
 `` the long way . 
 those two unlucky men will be ticketed under the dumb motorist law . '' 
 she laughed wryly . 
 `` phoenix has a campaign called ` turn around , do n't drown . ' 
 that could have been us if we had n't obeyed the signs . '' 
 gretchen was mesmerized by the freak of nature she was witnessing . 
 actually , everything about phoenix seemed otherworldly . 
 first the intense heat that scorched the land creating a crisp , brown , leafless environment hostile to most life-forms . 
 then the sky opened up and torrential rains flooded the entire city , virtually drowning the parched land . 
 she remembered the call that she had ignored while pursuing nacho under the freeway bridge , and she reached for her phone . 
 the clip was empty . 
 `` pull over , '' gretchen said . 
 `` my phone 's missing . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it 's in here someplace , '' nina said . 
 `` wait until we get home , and you can look around without getting soaked . '' 
 nina slid a glance at gretchen . 
 `` too late for that i guess . '' 
 `` i do n't think it 's in the car . 
 i might have lost it while pushing daisy 's cart up to the car . 
 we have to go back . '' 
 `` sorry dear . 
 anything left behind is gone by now , and i would n't risk going all the way back anyway . '' 
 gretchen searched the seat and floor around her then crawled in the backseat and rummaged around under the bag nacho had said belonged to martha . 
 no cell phone . 
 as soon as they stopped in her mother 's driveway under the carport , she dug through the trunk . 
 no cell phone . 
 how , she wondered , could she live for even one day without her phone ? 
 __________ caroline stared at the bleak motel walls . 
 close enough to o’hare for a fast flight out , far enough away to escape the steep prices associated with instant airport accessibility . 
 twenty-six calls from her daughter in the past few days , mostly from gretchen 's cell phone , a few made from caroline 's house . 
 at least the same number of calls from nina , received and also ignored . 
 now , when she needed so desperately to warn her daughter away from phoenix , she could n't locate her . 
 all her calls to gretchen had gone unanswered . 
 she sat alone in a musty room with a foul odor clinging to it , the smell of too many years of cigarette smoke and too many untrained pets . 
 the first thing she did on entering the room was to yank the bedspread off the bed and toss it into a corner . 
 planes continuously roared overhead , drowning out the television , turned on but unwatched . 
 caroline considered leaving a message on gretchen 's voice mail , but what would she say ? 
 explain too much or too little , and she could n't predict the extent of the damage to herself or to gretchen . 
 she had failed . 
 she could tell gretchen that . 
 her laptop hummed on the scarred dresser top , but it hummed off-key , the music caroline had hoped to hear never played . 
 wireless internet , even in this dilapidated sorry excuse for a motel . 
 she tried calling her house . 
 no answer . 
 with any luck , gretchen was back in boston and would n't need a warning . 
 nacho should have called by now . 
 hah , he should have called a long time ago . 
 he was her only link to the events taking place in phoenix , and he was as unreliable as always . 
 self-medicating inside a wine bottle to numb the pain or to calm his nerves , or to render inactive the voices only he could hear . 
 who knew what really went on inside that misshapen head ? 
 reluctantly , she speed-dialed gretchen 's cell phone number again , left a terse , uninformative message , and hung up , feeling regret for avoiding her daughter these past few days . 
 why did n't gretchen answer ? 
 chapter 18 tutu and nimrod greeted them with enthusiasm . 
 gretchen was enormously relieved to find they had behaved themselves without leaving the whirlwind mess in caroline 's house she 'd feared . 
 one natural disaster for the day was enough . 
 wobbles , a fairly large tomcat , stalked between the two dogs , towering over nimrod and standing almost eye-to-eye with tutu . 
 a formidable trio , but wobbles was clearly the ruler . 
 ever since tutu had suffered a scratched nose , she watched wobbles with a healthy respect . 
 the respect was n't reciprocated . 
 wobbles feigned indifference , but gretchen suspected that he knew exactly where the dogs were at all times . 
 he even tolerated nimrod 's puppy playfulness . 
 as for tutu , he did n't allow her much leeway after cutting her down to size with one swift swoop of his armed paw . 
 `` six o’clock , and its dark outside already , '' nina said . 
 `` monsoon season is the only time of year that we have such short days . 
 if the sun never set at all , i 'd be perfectly happy . '' 
 nina ordered a delivery of chinese from a nearby restaurant , and they changed into dry clothes , nina selecting a loose sundress from caroline 's closet . 
 `` watch what i 'm teaching nimrod , '' nina said to gretchen , crouching and holding open his personalized purse . 
 nimrod ran right in , turned around , and peeked out joyfully . 
 holding the handbag , nina stood and adjusted it on her shoulder . 
 gretchen said , `` rumor has it you tried to sneak tutu into the hospital in a purse . '' 
 `` i would have pulled it off if i had a larger purse . 
 i used to carry tutu around all the time , but she weighs about twelve pounds , and my back is n't as strong as it used to be . 
 nimrod , when he 's grown , will be only four or five pounds , the perfect weight for a purse . 
 now watch this . '' 
 nina strolled across the bedroom with nimrod and purse , past the dresser filled with shirley temple dolls . 
 she pivoted at the closet , started back , and stopped before she reached gretchen . 
 `` nimrod , hide , '' she whispered , turning her head toward nimrod . 
 he instantly ducked inside the purse . 
 nina grinned with pleasure . 
 `` okay , good boy . '' 
 nimrod peeked out again . 
 gretchen laughed out loud , a deep , throaty full-bodied laugh . 
 the first one since she arrived in phoenix . 
 once she started , she could n't stop . 
 she laughed until tears streamed down her face . 
 `` it 's so easy to train a puppy , '' nina said , wistfully . 
 `` i wish i had taught tutu that trick before she grew up . 
 the old adage is true . 
 teaching old dogs new tricks is n't easy . '' 
 `` let me guess , '' gretchen said , wiping her eyes . 
 `` you 're teaching nimrod to hide so you can take him into stores where he would n't be welcome . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 and he loves it . 
 he burrows down and takes a catnap . 
 or rather a puppy nap . '' 
 nina hung nimrod and purse on the door knob and sat down on the side of the bed . 
 `` nimrod 's family has had an unexpected delay , and they wo n't be home today . 
 nimrod needs a place to stay for a few days , a temporary home . '' 
 gretchen stopped laughing . 
 `` he seems perfectly happy staying with you . '' 
 `` we 've had a great time . '' 
 `` but ? '' 
 `` but i have another client coming , '' nina said . 
 `` i love nimrod . 
 he took to a purse with the same instinct he takes to water . 
 but i ca n't possible train another puppy with so many other dogs around . 
 the distraction would be counterproductive . '' 
 `` ca n't you reschedule your next client ? '' 
 gretchen felt a case of ca n't - say-no-itis coming on . 
 `` that would n't be very professional . '' 
 gretchen glanced at nimrod . 
 his ears quivered . 
 `` okay , but only for a few days . '' 
 she lifted his purse from the doorknob and slung him over her shoulder . 
 `` let 's see what 's inside the bag nacho gave me . 
 maybe it holds all the answers to martha 's death . '' 
 `` you 're a dreamer , '' nina said . 
 __________ `` nothing of value at all , '' nina said , slapping her hands together and rubbing them as though shedding dirt and grime , a look of distaste on her face . 
 the clothes spread out on the table reeked of cigarette smoke . 
 `` this is it ? 
 all she owned ? 
 and we actually toyed with the idea that she still had her dolls ? '' 
 gretchen studied the paltry collection . 
 aside from a few pieces of clothing , the bag contained a toothbrush , a near-empty tube of toothpaste , and a stick of roll-on deodorant . 
 not much to show for a well-worn life , for years of collecting personal effects . 
 `` let 's throw the whole mess in the trash , '' nina said . 
 `` no , this belongs to joseph now . 
 he can decide whether to dispose of it or not . '' 
 gretchen picked up the stick of deodorant and idly lifted the cover . 
 something made of metal fell and clinked on the floor . 
 she bent down and picked it up . 
 `` a key , '' she said . 
 gretchen handed it to nina . 
 `` is it a safe-deposit key ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` does n't seem to be . 
 it is n't a car key , either . '' 
 nina turned it over and shrugged . 
 `` house key maybe . '' 
 `` let 's see if it fits one of these doors . '' 
 they tried the key in the front and back door locks . 
 it did n't fit . 
 `` that 's a relief , '' nina said . 
 `` we do n't need additional evidence pointing to caroline . '' 
 gretchen could n't agree more . 
 the chinese food arrived , and they ate in silence . 
 afterwards , nina gathered her wet clothes together and kissed nimrod goodbye . 
 `` i left nimrod 's food on the counter . '' 
 she ducked out quickly , leaving a considerable amount of baggage behind in one small , wiggly package . 
 gretchen sat and stared at the key for a long time . 
 then , with nimrod at her heels , she went into her mother 's workshop and sat at the worktable . 
 equipment hung haphazardly from hooks on the wall -- clamps , scissors , elastic in different weights for stringing , and a curling iron the size of a pinky finger for creating ringlets on her mother 's favorites , the shirley temple dolls . 
 next to the workbench , a library of collector 's books , price lists , and identification guides . 
 guides for hard plastic dolls , vinyl dolls , every conceivable specialty doll -- american characters , mattel , nancy ann storybook dolls . 
 gretchen removed a volume devoted to sweet sue dolls and idly paged through it , noting the pages were worn from research . 
 sighing heavily , she checked to make sure the doll trunk was still safely stowed in its hiding place on the lower shelf of one of the cabinets . 
 she removed the cloth and peered at the trunk , then stood up . 
 the bin where the police found the hidden parian doll and inventory list was still ajar . 
 the two assigned officers had come directly into the workshop and searched it meticulously . 
 a superficial , indifferent search of the rest of the house . 
 there was no question in gretchen 's mind that someone had given them information . 
 but who ? 
 nacho ? 
 he seemed the likeliest . 
 what was the point of alerting the police ? 
 to shift suspicion away from the real killer ? 
 an old doll list and a doll of disputable ownership hardly seemed damaging . 
 but that , combined with eyewitnesses on camelback mountain , destroyed any credibility her mother might have had , her innocence now questioned by all except her immediate family . 
 why did she hide those things in the first place ? 
 gretchen recalled her mother 's expertise at hiding her easter basket . 
 caroline had an uncanny knack for concealing surprises in creative places , a game they both enjoyed playing . 
 every year her mother grew more inventive . 
 gretchen smiled as she thought of her mother 's devious tactics and some of her more creative hiding places . 
 suspended up the chimney , in nooks and crannies that gretchen never knew existed in the boston home she had lived in her entire life , wrapped in towels in the laundry basket , under a half-filled garbage bag in the trash can . 
 that had been one of her best . 
 it took gretchen hours to discover it . 
 if her mother really wanted to hide something , no one would be able to find it . 
 a new idea sent a chill along gretchen 's spine . 
 what if someone else hid the doll and the inventory in her mother 's workshop , then called the police to report it ? 
 that had to be it . 
 she picked up the phone and called nina . 
 `` someone 's been in the house , '' she said . 
 `` what ? 
 right this minute ? 
 did you call nine-one-one ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not right now . 
 before . '' 
 gretchen explained her analysis of her mother 's ability to hide an elephant , about how convenient the police search had been . 
 `` the second day i was here , '' gretchen said , `` one of the sliding doors was unlocked , and i was sure i had locked it . 
 and some of my things were rearranged , not quite where i left them . 
 i think someone searched the house and planted the doll and martha 's doll list . '' 
 `` gretchen , you want to prove your mother 's innocence , that 's understandable , but nothing you can say or do will change the fact that caroline was seen on camelback mountain when martha died . '' 
 gretchen let out a rush of air . 
 `` that is a tough one . '' 
 `` and why did she run away ? 
 innocent people do n't run away . 
 she abandoned her business and used two disadvantaged homeless people to conceal her movements . '' 
 apparently , nina had joined the growing list of disbelievers . 
 caroline 's own sister had abandoned her . 
 `` she 's innocent until proven guilty in a court of law , aunt nina . 
 people tend to forget our basic rights and judge on heresy and innuendo . 
 do n't join that narrow-minded mob . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm trying to keep an open mind . '' 
 gretchen could hear the hurt in her voice as nina continued . 
 `` but it 's hard . 
 if only she would call . '' 
 `` she had a reason to run . 
 we have to find out what scared her so much that she thought she had to flee . 
 and what was so awful she could n't confide in her family ? '' 
 gretchen paused , hearing the familiar click of call waiting . 
 `` i have another call coming in . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` night , dear . '' 
 `` hi , this is courtney , '' a young voice said , childlike , waiflike . 
 `` courtney ? '' 
 wrong number , gretchen thought . 
 `` you must have ... '' `` no , no , this is the right number . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 this is courtney . '' 
 dim bulb , gretchen chided herself . 
 how many courtneys do you know ? 
 none ? 
 think again . 
 you 've heard of one , steve 's courtney , the intern . 
 `` ah , '' gretchen said . 
 `` courtney . '' 
 `` yes , well , how are you ms. birch ? '' 
 ms. birch ? 
 immediately establishing an age barrier , manipulative , catty . 
 gretchen had a bad feeling , a nina moment . 
 `` gretchen . 
 please call me gretchen , and is something wrong ? '' 
 `` no , nothing 's wrong . '' 
 `` is steve all right ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's fine . '' 
 courtney 's voice was vaguely familiar . 
 more than vaguely . 
 it matched the voice of the anonymous caller who had first informed her of steve 's cheating ways . 
 silence on both ends . 
 gretchen waited her out , palms damp , feeling disoriented , a sense of foreboding causing her heart to beat a little too fast . 
 `` steve told me that you know about our thing , '' courtney said . 
 our thing ? 
 such small , innocuous words . 
 a certain lack of literary excellence . 
 like the words nice or good . 
 but what a punch they pack when used in this context . 
 several times in the last several years she 'd suspected steve of being unfaithful . 
 even before the indisputable proof , she used to have to convince herself that it was her imagination , an uncontrollable jealousy from childhood that caused her to be suspicious over every little occurrence . 
 a flaw in her character , not his . 
 every time his eyes stayed with a passing woman longer than gretchen thought they should . 
 every time his hand brushed gently across another woman 's hand . 
 accidental or intentional ? 
 steve was a hugger , she 'd rationalize . 
 he enjoyed woman . 
 gregarious . 
 loquacious after a drink or two . 
 and his career mandated proximity to females . 
 divorce law . 
 women constantly in and out of his office , seeking solace in his legal strength , projecting hope on their attorney after betrayal , failed love . 
 natural , steve said , to have admirers . 
 after all , his job is to take care of them , like a big brother or uncle or family friend . 
 gretchen closed her eyes . 
 courtney plowed forward . 
 `` steve has no clue that i 'm calling . 
 it was my idea . 
 i wanted you to know that we 're still together , in spite of what steve tells you . '' 
 of course , steve would n't approve of honesty ; he 'd already become proficient at practicing deceit as well as law . 
 `` i wanted you to know because i ca n't stand lying to you . '' 
 touching is n't it ? 
 courtney taking the high road . 
 `` and i want you gone , '' courtney said , steering for the low road . 
 `` he 's mine now . '' 
 gretchen hung up the phone without another word . 
 she wanted to slam the phone , break it , wrench its traitorous cord from the phone jack and wrap it tightly around steve 's cheating neck . 
 instead she picked up a broken doll from an overflowing bin heaped with dolls and steadied her shaking hands . 
 standing at the padded workbench , she cut a length of elastic in the proper weight and with clamps and hooks spread out before her , she went to work , looping the elastic through a hook in the arm socket , carefully drawing it through , and attaching it to the body . 
 rifling in a parts bin to find a replacement for a missing leg . 
 finishing one doll and starting another . 
 not wanting to think about steve . 
 what would her life have been like if she had joined her mother 's business ? 
 made dolls her life 's work ? 
 there was something appealing about working at home , dropping out of the nine-to-five rat race . 
 working in pajamas . 
 forgetting about snarled rush-hour traffic , appropriate work apparel , the proper business demeanor , fighting for raises , dodging a coworker 's efforts to sabotage your chances for promotion . 
 gretchen gave a bath to a soft vinyl doll , found underpants , a hat , shoes . 
 the right clothes for the right doll . 
 worked a bow into her hair . 
 what would life have been like ? 
 __________ the list of exquisite and valuable dolls was seared into caroline 's memory bank , her human cerebral memory bank , not that of the artificial random access memory lying on the cheap pine dresser . 
 close to two hundred dolls , each rare and unique , a haphazard , eclectic collection . 
 a rare george ii wooden doll with painted gessoed face in silk polonaise gown . 
 two french shoulder papier-mâché dolls with bamboo teeth . 
 a german waxed composition lady with inset blue glass eyes . 
 parians , chinas , bisques representing the finest from france and germany . 
 a group of italian lenci cloth dolls . 
 a finite list with infinite worth . 
 now a collector 's dream turned into a freakish nightmare . 
 excessive greed had dimmed the glow , dampened the glory of the fine collection . 
 caroline could recite all the particulars of the inventory , could describe every photograph in detail , although her hope of recovering any of the collection diminished with every passing hour . 
 her lips curled in momentary satisfaction . 
 at least she had the prize . 
 the french fashion doll . 
 chapter 19 without opening her eyes , gretchen turned over onto her back and rearranged the beach towel to cover her torso . 
 her arms dangled over the sides of the lounge chair and brushed against the tile . 
 the summer storm had passed , and the sun beat down on her face , searing and hot . 
 she did n't care . 
 a door banged in the front of the house , and the patio doors slid open . 
 she heard nimrod 's tiny nails clicking on the mexican tile surrounding the pool and a small rush of air as he ran by . 
 another rush of air . 
 tutu . 
 gretchen refused to open her eyes . 
 `` what the ... ! '' 
 nina 's voice . 
 `` it 's a hundred and sixteen degrees outside . 
 how long have you been lying here ? '' 
 gretchen did n't respond . 
 she poked gretchen 's arm through the towel . 
 `` i 've been calling you all morning . 
 your face is as red as a roma tomato . 
 can you open your eyes , or are they burned shut ? '' 
 gretchen pried one eye open and squinted at her aunt . 
 `` go away and let me die . '' 
 nina yanked the towel away , ran around to the back of the chair , and pushed gretchen up by her shoulders . 
 `` come on . 
 into the shade with you . 
 at least you had the sense to cover the rest of your body with a towel . 
 otherwise we 'd be on the way to the hospital again . '' 
 gretchen slowly rose to her feet and let nina lead her under an expansive table umbrella . 
 she sagged into a chair and studied her feet . 
 too tall to be completely covered with the towel , the top of her feet had fried in the sun . 
 her face felt swollen and her lips were already starting to crack and blister . 
 nina , face pinched and ashen next to gretchen 's , plopped into a chair and leaned forward . 
 `` is caroline dead ? '' 
 she said , shaky , awaiting bad news . 
 gretchen slowly looked up and shook her head . 
 nina clutched her heart . 
 `` that 's a relief . 
 when i saw you lying there , that 's the first thing i thought of . '' 
 it was time to confide in nina . 
 `` courtney , the intern , called last night . 
 she and steve are having a thing . '' 
 `` a thing ? '' 
 `` those were her words . '' 
 gretchen realized how badly she needed a sympathetic ear as the whole story spilled out of her . 
 nina leaned back when she was finished and crossed her legs . 
 `` that rat . 
 i always suspected as much . '' 
 `` you did not . 
 you 're the one who thought i should give him an ultimatum . '' 
 gretchen lifted an arm and tapped her head with the cast . 
 `` is it my imagination or is that idea a very bad one ? '' 
 `` you can still offer him a choice . 
 death by fire or death by shark . 
 i 've always thought those would be the two worst possible ways to go , a fitting end for steve . '' 
 `` he was continually working , always preparing for a case or meeting with clients or attending company-sponsored events . 
 how did he find the time ? '' 
 `` he was n't always working , '' nina said . 
 `` she turned out to be the special event he was working . 
 i so sorry it happened . '' 
 `` i should n't have left boston . '' 
 nina snorted . 
 `` you think if you had stayed , it would have ended between them ? 
 right . 
 sure . 
 once a cheater always a cheater , i say . '' 
 gretchen 's new perception of her relationship seemed as clear as fog dissipating over the boston harbor . 
 thick , whirling haze had clouded her vision , but now she could see past the horizon . 
 `` i ca n't believe he 'd risk our relationship for a quick fling with a summer intern . 
 he 's almost twice as old as she is . '' 
 `` midlife crisis , '' nina suggested . 
 `` he 's too young . '' 
 `` the rat , '' nina said again . 
 nina forced gretchen into the bathroom and turned on the shower . 
 `` keep the water cold , '' she demanded . 
 `` that should snap you out of it . 
 take your time , and afterwards , i 'll work on your face . 
 what a burn . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 gretchen said , noticing a purse hanging from nina 's shoulder for the first time . 
 `` that , '' nina said , `` is today 's purse trainee . 
 he 's sound asleep down on the bottom . 
 you gave me such a scare , i forgot he was there . '' 
 twenty minutes later , gretchen felt almost human again . 
 nina dabbed aloe vera lotion on her niece 's sunburned face and feet , and gretchen slid into flip flops . 
 `` bring a pair of athletic shoes along , '' nina said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` we 're headed for curves . 
 i called april to find out what time the dollers would be working out . '' 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 `` they 'll show up soon , and we do n't want to miss them . '' 
 `` but why are we going to curves ? '' 
 gretchen felt a whine in her voice . 
 `` we can see them later . 
 call a meeting if you miss them so much . 
 i 'm really not in the mood to socialize . '' 
 nina smiled . 
 `` we 're going to sign up . 
 we could both use some cardiovascular work . 
 exercise and research at the same time . 
 maybe we 'll find out if rita really saw bonnie at the rescue mission . 
 that can be your job . 
 find out . 
 and exercise is good for your mind . 
 let 's leave the dogs in the kitchen . '' 
 nina glanced at the purse on her shoulder . 
 `` i 'll put enrico in the bathroom . '' 
 `` enrico needs his own room ? '' 
 `` enrico needs his own world . '' 
 __________ `` give my name when you sign up , '' april said . 
 `` i 'm working on a free tt shirt . 
 five enrollments , and i get my very own curves shirt . '' 
 curves bustled with activity , every station occupied , conversations swelling over workout music . 
 april , bonnie , and rita crowded around while nina and gretchen signed up for a trial week . 
 `` you should sign up for a whole year , '' april said , disappointment in her voice . 
 `` that 's the only way it counts toward my shirt . '' 
 `` change stations now , '' the recording announced . 
 nina laid the pen on the counter . 
 `` gretchen might go back to boston in a few days . 
 she ca n't sign up for a whole year . '' 
 `` she can transfer her membership to boston . 
 that 's the beauty of curves . 
 they 're everywhere , '' april said , checking nina out . 
 `` you could use a year , too . '' 
 nina narrowed her eyes while olivia newton john belted `` let 's get physical '' from a boom box on an overhead shelf . 
 she opened her mouth to respond , but she caught gretchen 's eye and the slight shake of her head . 
 she closed her mouth . 
 `` stations are opening up , '' bonnie called out , her red flip shellacked stiffly around her face . 
 gretchen leaped onto the stepper , jostling for a position next to bonnie , her prey of the moment . 
 she ignored the pain radiating from within her running shoes . 
 `` you sure did burn your face , '' april said . 
 `` fall asleep in the sun ? '' 
 `` no , '' nina said . 
 `` her boyfriend cheated on her with a coworker , and i found her wallowing in self-pity by the pool . '' 
 everyone gasped . 
 gretchen sent nina a menacing glance . 
 so much for personal privacy . 
 wallowing in self-pity ? 
 well , nina was right . 
 she had too much on her mind right now to worry about steve and courtney . 
 she worked harder , running in place faster , increasing her concentration . 
 focusing on the workout . 
 `` men are all alike , '' april said , huffing through the shoulder press . 
 `` bad behavior runs in their genes . '' 
 `` not my matt , '' bonnie said , running in place . 
 `` matty 's wife was the one who cheated on him . 
 he 's going through a nasty divorce right now . 
 faithful as they come , my matty . '' 
 probably married to his job more than to his wife , gretchen thought . 
 although , the job did n't stop steve . 
 `` at least they did n't have children , '' rita said . 
 `` children complicate divorce . '' 
 `` what 's nasty about his divorce ? '' 
 nina asked bonnie . 
 `` without children and child support or a custody battle , the divorce should be smooth sailing . '' 
 `` she stalks him . 
 she wants him back , and she 's not above making scenes , '' bonnie said . 
 `` the closer they get to the divorce hearing , the more desperate she becomes . 
 poor matty 's hiding on the streets . 
 lucky for him , he has a mobile job . '' 
 gretchen , preoccupied earlier with her own problems , wondered what had happened to her shadow . 
 for all she knew , matt was outside right this minute , waiting to follow her . 
 `` radio says more rain later today , '' april said . 
 `` just what we need . '' 
 nina bent over and placed her palms on the floor . 
 `` show off , '' april said . 
 `` that 's amazing , aunt nina , '' gretchen said , skipping the shoulder press . 
 working out with a broken wrist proved a unique challenge . 
 `` it 's the yoga , '' nina said . 
 `` i 'm limber as a tree monkey , but my cardiovascular activity is limited to walking back and forth from the car . 
 i guess you ca n't have everything . '' 
 `` run in place on the platforms , '' april advised . 
 `` that 'll get your heart rate up . 
 mine 's always at the top end of what 's safe . '' 
 she pulled a hanky from her pocket and mopped her forehead . 
 `` gretchen 's cheating boyfriend is a divorce attorney , '' nina said . 
 gretchen thought about a direct frontal tackle . 
 she could take aunt nina down in two moves . 
 `` that makes it worse , '' april said . 
 `` he should know better . '' 
 `` what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 rita said . 
 `` get ready for a ten second count . '' 
 gretchen 's pulse rate went off the chart hanging on the wall . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said , after the count , when she noticed rita still looking at her and waiting for her answer . 
 `` i really do n't know . '' 
 and she did n't know . 
 that had been the recurring question in her mind since courtney 's call last night . 
 how to handle it . 
 what to say . 
 how to react . 
 steve had assured her that it would never happen again , and she had wanted so badly to believe him . 
 maybe courtney was lying . 
 after two circuits , nina 's face turned the same color as gretchen 's burned face . 
 `` i need to take a break , '' nina said . 
 `` me , too , '' huffed april . 
 the two women moved away from the workout area . 
 gretchen glanced at bonnie . 
 the hydraulic machines hissed around her . 
 rita turned and said something to the woman ahead of her . 
 `` i saw you , too , '' gretchen leaned over and whispered to bonnie , taking a wild shot . 
 bonnie smiled at gretchen , bending to the side , stretching , one arm high and wide overhead . 
 `` you saw me ? '' 
 `` at the rescue mission . '' 
 `` change stations now . '' 
 bonnie 's smile died , and her face closed up . 
 `` look , '' gretchen said , `` your hair really stands out . '' 
 bonnie 's hand jumped to her red hair . 
 `` your hair is beautiful , do n't get me wrong , '' gretchen said hastily . 
 `` it 's unique , that 's why i know it was you . '' 
 bonnie smiled with her teeth , gums showing . 
 `` sorry to disappoint , but you are mistaken . '' 
 she nudged rita . 
 `` we must be done . '' 
 rita turned back . 
 `` done , '' she agreed . 
 __________ `` never trust a woman whose gums show when she smiles , '' gretchen said to nina as they zipped through traffic on the way back to her mother 's house . 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 `` you just did . '' 
 `` no , i 've heard that expression someplace before . '' 
 `` interesting about your friend , matt . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 `` that he 's going through a divorce ? '' 
 `` he 's available , '' nina said , honking at a passing car that strayed into her lane . 
 `` never ignore opportunity . '' 
 `` that , '' gretchen said , emphatically , `` is the last thing on my mind . '' 
 `` good . 
 at least it 's on the list . 
 __________ `` i ca n't help but think that she 's hidden the french fashion doll right here in the house , '' gretchen said , over loud , aggressive snarls . 
 enrico , the chihuahua , raised his upper lip and growled at gretchen . 
 `` he 's going to attack me . '' 
 `` chihuahuas , '' nina said in an instructional voice , `` are as old as the mayan civilization . 
 we 've actually discovered their images carved in stone in the mexican jungle . 
 the mayans believed chihuahuas guided the dead through the underworld . '' 
 `` this particular one does n't have guide dog written all over him . 
 he should come with a vicious attack dog warning . '' 
 `` chihuahuas do n't like strangers . 
 they do n't like a lot of people and they do n't like other dogs . 
 they bond with one or two people and are devoted for life . '' 
 enrico continued to snarl at gretchen . 
 `` give him a treat , '' nina advised , handing gretchen a liver snap . 
 `` i 'm not going near him . 
 and look at tutu and nimrod . 
 they 're terrified . '' 
 both dogs had backed into a corner , watching the action from a safe distance . 
 wobbles , on the other hand , strutted past the purse hanging from the doorknob without acknowledging the rabid beast within its confines . 
 he stopped at gretchen 's feet and gazed at the liver snap . 
 gretchen bent down and handed it over . 
 `` they take a little getting used to , '' nina admitted . 
 `` although chihuahua owners just love them to death . 
 and speaking of death . 
 they can live for twenty years . '' 
 `` is n't that nice . 
 can we get back to my mother and where she may have hidden the doll ? 
 according to the note we found written on the back of nacho 's french fashion doll picture , my mother has the doll . '' 
 `` we 've been over this before , '' nina said . 
 `` the police searched the house . 
 would n't they have found the doll if caroline had it here ? '' 
 gretchen frowned . 
 the movement caused burning pain to shoot through her face . 
 what a mess . 
 broken wrist , second-degree burns on her face and feet . 
 or was it third-degree ? 
 second , third , or fourth , who cared ? 
 all gretchen knew was that it really hurt . 
 `` they did a poor job of searching , '' she said . 
 `` they did n't seem concerned about anything other than the parian doll and the inventory list . '' 
 `` what do you suggest ? '' 
 `` follow me . '' 
 gretchen opened the doors to the patio . 
 she walked past the swimming pool into the living area of the cabana . 
 it was exactly as she remembered it . 
 large welcoming fireplace , cozy sitting area , wide bed with a locally made native american blanket spread across it , more blankets draped on the walls , pottery scattered in nooks and crannies . 
 an arcosanti bell hanging from the outside eave chimed in the breeze . 
 she pointed to a stack of boxes pushed against the wall . 
 unless company arrived , the cabana served as a storage area rather than a guest room , housing the dolls her mother sold at shows . 
 `` let 's start here , '' gretchen said . 
 `` the police did n't even come out to the cabana . 
 maybe she hid the doll with her other dolls . '' 
 `` seems too obvious . '' 
 nina squatted and pried a box open . 
 `` i agree , but we have to start somewhere . 
 i have a copy of the list itemizing all of martha 's collection . 
 let 's see if any of the dolls in these boxes matches any on the list . 
 keep your eyes out for the french fashion doll . 
 and unwrap them gently , they 're fragile . '' 
 gretchen opened a box and carefully unwrapped each doll : closed mouth , open mouth , mohair wigs . 
 dolls dressed in sailing outfits , gingham jumper dresses , drop-waist dresses in pink polka dot and cotton sateen , marked dolls , sleepy eyes , molded teeth . 
 `` look at this one , '' nina said , holding up a blonde-headed doll dressed in a knit suit with sapphire glass beads . 
 `` and this . '' 
 she picked up a dark-haired doll dressed in a sarong . 
 `` she told me about these , '' gretchen said . 
 `` they 're mary hoyer dolls she found at an auction . 
 this one is dorothy lamour , and that one ... '' she gestured at the doll nina held . 
 `` ... is marilyn monroe . 
 there should be a kathryn hepburn and a lana turner somewhere in the box . '' 
 `` here they are , '' nina giggled . 
 `` they 're cute , too . '' 
 a sharp bark sounded from the house . 
 `` i better check on the pooches , '' nina said and scurried off . 
 gretchen immersed herself in the boxes , unwrapping each doll and checking it against the photocopied list . 
 finally , she thought to check the time and realized an hour had passed since nina left the cabana . 
 she finished packing up the last box and stood . 
 nothing . 
 not one doll from the list . 
 no french fashion doll . 
 she felt disappointed . 
 it should be easier than this . 
 `` i 've been playing secretary , '' nina said , hanging up the phone when gretchen arrived in the kitchen . 
 `` larry called for an update and to say he 's delivering the doll with the new hand-made wig directly to the customer . 
 he 's giving him a bill but will tell the customer to send payment to caroline . 
 larry said he 'll l work out the fee with her later . '' 
 `` that 's nice of him , '' gretchen said absently , opening the refrigerator and peering inside . 
 `` april called to say she 's decided to work out at curves every day instead of every other , so we can join her if we want to . '' 
 `` that 's nice , '' gretchen muttered . 
 `` and steve called the house phone and left a message . '' 
 gretchen closed the refrigerator . 
 `` what did the message say ? '' 
 `` that he 's been trying to reach you on your cell phone . 
 that courtney told him what she did , and he can explain . '' 
 nina snorted . 
 `` i 'd like to hear him get out of that one . '' 
 gretchen took a chocolate croissant from a bag on the counter and bit into it . 
 `` i can have this , '' she said , defensively . 
 `` i worked out this morning . '' 
 `` are you going to call him back ? '' 
 nina wanted to know . 
 before gretchen could answer with her very first firm and resounding no , a snarl erupted from the purse lying on the chair next to nina . 
 `` enrico 's up from his nap , '' nina said . 
 __________ gretchen and nina walked side by side through the biltmore fashion park . 
 nimrod rode on gretchen 's shoulder in a white cotton purse embroidered with miniature black poodles . 
 the poodles attached to the purse wore red hair bows , which complemented gretchen 's burned face . 
 the savage demon , enrico , poked out from mexican tapestry , a gravelly hum resounding from his throat that threatened to grow into a growl . 
 after a disagreement with nina , which gretchen won , tutu had stayed at home with wobbles . 
 the purse dogs traveling by shoulder bag represented gretchen 's reluctant compromises . 
 `` okay , '' nina said . 
 `` we made two copies of martha 's key , one for you and one for me . '' 
 `` i know that , nina . 
 i was with you . '' 
 `` it helps to verbalize . 
 keeps it orderly . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 gretchen could feel nimrod 's tail thumping against her ribs in perpetual puppy happiness . 
 `` we left the original key right where we found it in that smelly old bag . '' 
 `` as bait . '' 
 `` that 's the part i do n't get . '' 
 gretchen pursed her lips and winced . 
 `` i have to buy another tube of lip balm . '' 
 she brushed her fingers across a blister forming on her lip . 
 `` we 'll let everyone know that we found martha 's belongings . 
 we 'll call all the phoenix dollers and -- '' `` there must be over one hundred members . 
 most are n't even active . '' 
 `` we 'll call the active members . 
 we 'll make the discovery sound exciting and tell them where it is . 
 then we 'll wait and see what happens . '' 
 `` maybe nothing will happen . '' 
 gretchen shrugged . 
 `` maybe you 're right , but do you have a better idea ? '' 
 `` yes , we should find the door that it opens . 
 we 'll try it in locks until we find a fit . '' 
 `` that 's also part of the plan . '' 
 nina stopped walking and looked at a storefront . 
 `` i 'm going into the store . 
 enrico hide . '' 
 she tossed a liver treat into the purse , and enrico dove out of sight . '' 
 nina grinned and strode into the shop . 
 gretchen wandered into a shoe shop and purchased two new pairs of flip flops , one gold , the other silver . 
 with the tops of her feet burnt the color of tutu 's red lace collar , flip flops were the only shoe she would be wearing for awhile . 
 nina appeared as she paid at the cash register . 
 gretchen glanced at her watch . 
 `` let the games begin , '' she said . 
 __________ caroline tapped into the ebay site and keyed in the words antique dolls . 
 she heard the computer churning and watched the list of auction dolls appear on her screen . 
 her eyes were red-rimmed from countless hours spent monitoring sites . 
 she scrolled down . 
 closed the site . 
 keyed in the mcmasters harris auction company site and scrolled through the auction lot listings . 
 then theriault 's . 
 she scanned every online doll auction house . 
 the internet sites had highly specialized bidding technology , some with audio and video of the live auctions , offering customers the ability to participate with the touch of a keystroke . 
 caroline sank into the center of the lumpy motel bed and closed her eyes . 
 an hour later she awoke , startled . 
 a door slammed in the hall , and she could hear muffled voices in the next room through the paper-thin walls . 
 she struggled up , unaware of the time or the day . 
 she bent over , stretching the taunt muscles in the small of her back . 
 caroline went back to work , the computer startup display glowing green . 
 she rubbed her eyes and looked again . 
 french jumeau bébé , 1910 , paperweight eyes , holding a steiff monkey . 
 caroline knew the inventory list by heart . 
 she clicked on a tiny photograph , and the image opened up . 
 large and bold . 
 worth the long wait . 
 another of martha 's dolls . 
 chapter 20 bonnie albright worked part-time in the lingerie department at saks fifth avenue . 
 they found her in a back room , opening a box of bras . 
 she had a box cutter in her hand and red lipstick smeared above her lip . 
 bonnie had been selected by gretchen and nina for several reasons - - she was the club 's president , and she was the most indefatigable gossip of the bunch . 
 she would help them with the legwork . 
 or in this case , the lipwork . 
 `` here 's the list you asked for , '' bonnie said , opening a locker and removing a sheet of paper from her purse . 
 `` i 've highlighted the active members . 
 now tell me what this is all about , or i 'm not giving it to you . '' 
 a snarl filled the room . 
 one of bonnie 's penciled eyebrows shot up . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` shhh , '' nina said into the purse . 
 `` that 's just enrico . 
 ignore him . '' 
 `` i 'd like to call each of the club members , '' gretchen explained , `` and ask them about martha and my mother . 
 it 's been six days since martha died and my mother disappeared , and we still do n't know what happened . '' 
 `` matty 's working on it , '' bonnie said with exaggerated pride . 
 `` you do n't need to get involved . 
 he 'll solve it . '' 
 `` i need to keep busy . '' 
 `` should we tell her ? '' 
 nina said to gretchen , and both of bonnie 's penciled eyebrows quivered . 
 gretchen nodded on cue . 
 `` we found a bag of martha 's belongings , '' nina said . 
 `` one of her friends gave it to us , and it has a few very interesting items inside . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 bonnie said , wringing her hands in anticipation . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i do n't think we should say until we know more , '' gretchen said . 
 `` it would n't be right . '' 
 nina nodded . 
 `` we 'll keep the bag in caroline 's workshop for now . '' 
 `` we should probably notify the police , '' gretchen said . 
 `` soon , '' nina agreed . 
 `` well , my , my , '' bonnie said , running her hand over her stiff hair . 
 `` is n't this a new wrinkle . '' 
 __________ afterwards they strolled through the open-air mall . 
 `` i bet she 's on the phone right this minute , '' nina said , handing her cell phone to gretchen . 
 `` i have to get another phone , '' gretchen said , dialing . 
 `` hey , april , how are you ? '' 
 `` tired , achy , i think i need to rest more . 
 this valley fever has me down in bed . 
 i should n't have worked out so soon . '' 
 gretchen repeated the same story she had told bonnie , with the same response . 
 `` well , is n't that something ? '' 
 april said . 
 `` i 'll call around for you and see if any of the club members have any information . 
 there were n't any dolls in that bag , were there ? '' 
 `` i really ca n't say yet . '' 
 after several more calls , nina nudged gretchen . 
 `` do n't look behind you , but we 've picked up a tail . '' 
 gretchen stopped at a shop window beside a garden courtyard and slowly turned her head . 
 their eyes met . 
 matt smiled , bright and warmly , wearing casual , southwestern garb as usual . 
 no hint in his attire of his real occupation . 
 tan . 
 a certain scrappiness about his walk as he approached them . 
 `` are you always undercover ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` usually , '' he replied . 
 `` i 'm coming from a visit with daisy at the hospital , on my way to saks to see my mother . 
 i 'm off-duty . '' 
 his eyes traveled over the purses , noting their contents , gazing at gretchen . 
 `` there 's something new about you since i saw you last . '' 
 he ran one finger along his jawline , pondering . 
 `` i know , new makeup , a slightly pinker shade than before . '' 
 `` you should never comment on a woman 's cosmetics , '' nina advised . 
 `` you are n't supposed to notice that we wear anything . '' 
 `` it goes well with the cast on your wrist ; sharp contrast . 
 and it matches the color of your feet . 
 nice . '' 
 `` she 's a pro at accessorizing , '' nina said . 
 `` now that you 've had your fun , '' gretchen said , `` maybe you can tell us how daisy 's doing ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you over coffee , '' he said , guiding them toward the cheesecake factory . 
 it was just after five o’clock , and gretchen realized how hungry she was . 
 with nimrod and enrico in hide mode , they slid into a corner booth and kept a careful eye out for waitresses and management staff while stowing the pups in the purses on their laps . 
 matt seemed amused at their efforts but refrained from comment . 
 they ordered a large pizza and two cheesecakes to share -- white chocolate chunk macadamia nut and tiramisu - both selected by nina . 
 `` daisy 's fine , '' matt said . 
 `` she 's settled right in and is n't in any hurry to be released , but the doctors say she 's ready to go if she can find a quiet place to recover . '' 
 he wrapped his hands around a cup of coffee . 
 `` the investigation into her accident did n't reveal any conclusive evidence , but the team found inconsistent paint chips on the back bumper . '' 
 `` inconsistent ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` they did n't match the car paint , '' nina said . 
 `` we are n't taking daisy 's word for it . 
 she is n't a very reliable witness , '' matt said . 
 `` why ? 
 because she does n't have a mailing address ? '' 
 `` no , '' matt said , carefully . 
 `` because she 's the driver and there were n't any other witnesses . '' 
 `` she seemed confident of the facts when i talked to her . '' 
 matt shrugged . 
 the waitress brought the pizza , and the pups stayed out of sight . 
 nina plucked sausage from the pizza . 
 her hand disappeared under the table . 
 the waitress returned with the cheesecakes and a pot of coffee . 
 she refilled matt 's cup . 
 a growl grew under the table . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 the waitress said , glancing quickly at nina . 
 nina rubbed her hand on her stomach . 
 `` i must be really hungry . '' 
 `` we wo n't need any more coffee refills , '' matt said . 
 `` in fact , we wo n't need anything else . '' 
 `` smart thinking , '' nina said to him when the waitress walked away . 
 `` i do n't mind getting kicked out , but i 'd like to finish eating first . '' 
 `` good thing i 'm off duty , nina , or i 'd have to arrest you . '' 
 nina laughed . 
 `` why would someone run daisy off the road ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` unless they thought she was my mother . '' 
 `` if we can believe her account , '' matt said , `` that would be a logical assumption . 
 but why ? 
 where 's the motive ? 
 i think she 's covering for herself , making excuses for her own inattentive driving . '' 
 `` i do n't think caroline ran away from the police , '' nina said . 
 `` i think she 's hiding from someone . 
 the attack on daisy proves she 's in danger . '' 
 `` sounds melodramatic , '' matt said , biting into a piece of pizza . 
 `` is daisy being charged with anything ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` no . 
 she had a valid driver 's license and cooperated with the investigation . 
 we could find something to charge her with , but why bother ? 
 there 's an issue of whether she had permission to drive the car , but until we locate caroline , we have to assume she drove it with the proper approval . 
 unless you know something we do n't . '' 
 gretchen shook her head distractedly . 
 she was surprised that daisy had a driver 's license . 
 she sliced into the macadamia nut cheesecake with the side of her fork . 
 `` do either of you know someone named the inspector ? '' 
 matt asked . 
 `` i 've heard that name before '' nina said , frowning in concentration . 
 gretchen remembered exactly where she 'd heard the name . 
 martha had complained to joseph about someone called the inspector . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` martha mentioned him to daisy . 
 according to daisy , she was extremely upset over something he had done . 
 daisy said she never saw martha so angry . 
 i want to find him . '' 
 `` or her , '' nina said . 
 `` this inspector could be a woman . 
 right ? '' 
 `` i suppose , '' matt said , reluctantly . 
 `` i just assumed it was a man . '' 
 `` what kind of inspector ? 
 a building inspector ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` housing inspector ? '' 
 gretchen thought about nacho 's makeshift home and wondered if the state had laws against cardboard construction on public land . 
 probably . 
 matt shrugged before insisting on paying the bill . 
 outside the restaurant , gretchen wandered ahead while nina and matt traded witty repartees . 
 their laughter floated on the breeze . 
 the palm trees in the mall 's courtyard swayed and the sun vanished in a darkening sky . 
 the monsoon and another rain squall were moving in . 
 gretchen felt useless here . 
 she seriously considered going back to boston to deal with her own crumbling personal life . 
 she needed a steady job and income , and she needed to decide what to do about steve . 
 in a brief interlude of self-pity she listed her current problems . 
 a mother wanted for questioning in a murder , clearly the most pressing problem at the moment . 
 a cheating long-term boyfriend who was afraid of commitment , another monumental problem . 
 her lack of employment and a dwindling savings account . 
 right this minute she did n't even own a phone . 
 anything , else ? 
 oh yes , let 's add a few physical problems . 
 a broken wrist and second-degree burns on her face and feet . 
 to top it off , she had absolutely nothing to show for her efforts to save her mother except a key of unknown origin . 
 instead of clearing her mother 's name , she 'd implicated her further . 
 if she stayed longer , who knew how much more physical harm she could inflict on herself , how much more physical evidence she could dredge up against her mother . 
 she decided to call steve from the house , then catch the next flight home before courtney permanently displaced her . 
 she lifted nimrod out of his purse and held him on her shoulder . 
 he licked her ear . 
 `` right now , '' gretchen said to him , `` you 're the best thing i 've got going for me , and you 're only a temporary visitor . 
 sad is n't it . '' 
 __________ you ca n't go home ! '' 
 nina wailed . 
 `` i ca n't handle this by myself . 
 what about the key ? 
 it 's going to open the right door . 
 you 'll see . 
 if you do n't stay and fight for caroline , who will ? '' 
 `` why is n't she here fighting for herself ? '' 
 gretchen threw clothes into her open suitcase lying on the bed . 
 wobbles watched the action with a steady gaze , his ears flatter on his head than usual . 
 `` what about a flight ? 
 you ca n't go to the airport without a ticket . '' 
 `` i 'll wait on standby . 
 nina , i 'm desperate . 
 i ca n't let my whole life pass before my eyes . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` name one thing that 's going right in my life . '' 
 `` let me make you a cup of green tea . '' 
 nina pulled several pairs of shorts out of the suitcase and returned them to the dresser . 
 `` this is impulsive . 
 let 's talk about it . 
 i know , call steve . 
 work it out on the phone . '' 
 gretchen tossed her hiking boots into the suitcase and stomped into the kitchen to retrieve the cordless phone . 
 `` i 'll call and let him know i 'm on my way , '' she said , carrying the phone into the bedroom and closing the door . 
 `` explain , '' she said to him after waiting an inordinate amount of time while his secretary located him , annoyed that she still was n't on the interruptible list , that special group of coddled clients that commanded instant attention . 
 instead she had to resort to intimidating an overworked secretary . 
 `` this is bad timing , gretchen . '' 
 steve said , sounding rushed . 
 `` i 'm in the middle of sensitive negotiations . 
 why did n't you return my call earlier ? '' 
 in a meeting at 9:30 in the evening , boston time ? 
 `` i needed time to think . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say for myself . 
 i love you , you know . 
 sometimes , i admit , i 'm a bit misguided . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 gretchen said . 
 `` that 's all you have to say for yourself ? '' 
 `` it 's over with courtney . 
 it had n't really even started . 
 she got carried away . '' 
 `` does she understand that ? 
 that you were a little misguided and she expected more than you were willing to deliver ? '' 
 steve hesitated . 
 gretchen could hear his breath , labored and anxious . 
 `` yes . 
 she understands clearly . '' 
 `` maybe i should give her a call , '' gretchen suggested , lightly . 
 `` after all , she 's practically a child . 
 she must be devastated . '' 
 `` ah . 
 that would n't be wise . 
 might even make the situation worse . 
 besides , she 's on vacation . 
 someplace in south carolina . '' 
 how convenient , gretchen thought . 
 she watched wobbles snuggle into the suitcase surrounded by her clothes . 
 `` you have n't asked about me or my mother , about what 's happening in phoenix . '' 
 `` i really do n't have time right now , but i want to ask . 
 i 've been thinking about you . 
 later . 
 i 'll call later after my meetings . '' 
 later , gretchen thought wearily , wait till later . 
 was n't that always the response ? 
 maybe later . 
 gretchen had waited all these years for a later that never arrived . 
 she saw a flash of lightning out the window and heard the immediate crash of thunder . 
 rain pounded hard against the roof , and she thought about flipping on the bedroom light . 
 instead she sat in the gathering gloom and watched nature 's dramatic interpretation of fireworks . 
 `` what about us , steve ? 
 i 'm coming home so we can figure out where to go from here . '' 
 `` i love you , gretchen . 
 we can work this out . 
 we ca n't throw away the last seven years . '' 
 `` i 'll come then . '' 
 `` i have to go to hilton head for a few days . 
 business . 
 a conference , and i 'm the keynote speaker . 
 right after that we can get together . 
 i know i 've disappointed you , but i 'll make it up to you . 
 promise . '' 
 gretchen stared into the mirror , saw her eyes pale and pained . 
 courtney vacationing in south carolina , steve on his way to hilton head . 
 gretchen hoped steve was more convincing when he went to trial with his court cases . 
 was it a nervous slip of the tongue , or merely coincidental these two people would be traveling to the same state ? 
 no , gretchen thought , i 'm becoming exactly like nina . 
 i no longer believe in coincidence . 
 `` call me later , '' steve said , hanging up and leaving her holding a dead phone . 
 __________ when gretchen opened the bedroom door , she gave a loud start . 
 `` you scared me , nina , '' she said , peering at her motionless aunt who stood in the hall . 
 `` we need to turn on lights . 
 who 'd guess it 's only four o’clock in the afternoon . 
 it feels more like midnight . '' 
 nina remained rigid in front of her . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 nina , moving woodenly , took her hand , and led her to the workshop doorway . 
 `` martha 's bag is gone , '' she said , her voice leaden . 
 `` someone must have been here when we went to see bonnie . '' 
 `` we should have hurried right home , '' gretchen said , after the initial shock . 
 `` what were we thinking when we stopped to eat ? 
 are you sure it 's gone ? '' 
 `` it 's gone all right . 
 and there 's more . '' 
 nina flipped a switch by the door . 
 a fluorescent light hanging over the worktable illuminated the room . 
 gretchen saw something hanging over the padded table and moved closer . 
 she drew in her breath , sharp and quick . 
 someone had hung one of her mother 's shirley temple dolls from the overhead light with a piece of restringing elastic . 
 blood dripped from its face and pooled on the floor . 
 the doll swayed gently from the noose around its neck , eyes wide and sightless . 
 __________ the screen glowed , casting an eerie light over caroline 's intent features . 
 she quickly registered as a member and hesitated briefly at the password prompt . 
 she keyed in an appropriate password : counterattack . 
 if this were a game of chess , she would be planning multiple moves into the future , but she had n't studied openings for this particular game . 
 besides , she could n't have anticipated her opponent 's deadly first move . 
 all that mattered now was the end game . 
 a draw was n't an acceptable finish . 
 there could be only one winner . 
 caroline 's hands trembled in anticipation as she worked her way through the red tape associated with internet bidding . 
 she clicked on the french jumeau bébé listing and frowned . 
 the seller had set up a private auction , effectively cloaking his , or her , identity until after the final accepted bid . 
 only the highest bidder would be allowed full contact information about the seller . 
 she entered her first bid , determined to win . 
 someone else 's bid immediately cancelled hers out . 
 she keyed in a higher amount determined to avoid the other bidder 's strategy of proxy bidding . 
 allowing the online service to bid for her until her maximum dollar amount was reached would have stripped caroline of her feeling of power . 
 she would n't relinquish control . 
 besides , she had no maximum level at which she would withdraw . 
 she had to win , and she had to win her way . 
 chapter 21 gretchen stared at the hanging doll , cold fear jettisoning through her body . 
 was the intruder still in the house ? 
 she quickly closed the workshop door and locked it . 
 she picked up a pair of scissors lying on the table , and , with nina as backup , she opened the closet door and peered in . 
 nothing inside but more bins . 
 she sighed with relief . 
 `` it 's empty , '' she said . 
 nina dropped the repair hook she had grabbed as a weapon . 
 it clattered to the floor . 
 `` i almost died of fright . '' 
 gretchen retrieved the hook and placed it on the workbench with the scissors . 
 `` i 'm calling the police . 
 let 's stay in here until they arrive . '' 
 `` what about the animals ? '' 
 nina asked , shrilly . 
 `` i 'm sure whoever did this is gone by now , '' gretchen said , dialing 911 . 
 `` but let 's stay smart . 
 if it was me , if i was the bad guy , all i 'd care about would be a safe way out of the house . '' 
 `` what if we came home while he was here , '' nina said . 
 `` and he 's trapped inside with us . '' 
 `` then staying in the workshop will give him time to escape . '' 
 gretchen was n't sure she liked the idea of hiding , but after another glance at the swinging doll , she decided not to risk a confrontation . 
 she gave the dispatcher the necessary information , alerting him to the remote possibility that the intruder might still be in the house before hanging up . 
 `` red paint , '' she said after touching the pooled liquid on the floor and noting an open jar of paint on the table . 
 `` do n't contaminate the crime scene , '' nina advised . 
 `` i hope they dust for prints . '' 
 `` how many people knew martha 's bag was here ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` bonnie , april , rita , larry and julia , karen fitz . '' 
 nina ticked them off on her fingers . 
 `` and anyone they might have told . 
 we were n't trying to keep it a secret . '' 
 `` we really botched this one , '' gretchen said , thinking , what else is new ? 
 `` who had a key to the house ? '' 
 nina shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 then she widened her eyes . 
 `` we gave a key to larry at the hospital when we thought daisy was caroline . 
 he checked on the animals , and i suppose he could have had a copy made . '' 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` the sliding door was unlocked before i gave larry the key . 
 i think whoever did this was also in the house earlier . 
 who else ? '' 
 `` clients and friends were in and out of here all the time , but i never knew caroline to give out her keys . '' 
 gretchen heard sirens in the distance , growing louder and stopping outside . 
 with all the noise only a bungling fool would still be inside the house . 
 after a thorough search , a police officer with a perky ponytail and a cautious stance discovered the point of entry . 
 `` jimmied the lock , '' she said , studying the patio doors leading to the pool . 
 `` probably came over the fence and forced the lock . '' 
 `` anything else gone ? '' 
 another officer said , holding a notepad and pen . 
 `` other than the bag ? '' 
 `` i do n't see anything else missing , '' gretchen said . 
 `` me either , '' nina said , plopping on the living room sofa surrounded by canines , a firm hand on enrico , his incisors bared . 
 `` i should take him home . 
 he is n't handling all the excitement very well , '' she said to gretchen . 
 `` i 'll come right back . '' 
 `` you have to fill out this report first , '' the woman said , handing a clipboard to nina and keeping a wary eye on enrico . 
 `` why would anyone break in to steal a bag of old clothes ? '' 
 `` someone wanted the key , '' gretchen said . 
 `` someone knew what the key would open . '' 
 `` and what does it open ? '' 
 `` we do n't know . '' 
 the officers observed gretchen and nina with steady stares . 
 `` and you do n't know why anyone would hang the doll and smear red paint all over it , '' the officer with the notepad said . 
 `` right , '' gretchen and nina said simultaneously . 
 `` looks like a warning to me , '' perky ponytail said . 
 `` or a threat . 
 there 's a warrant out for caroline birch . 
 could she have done this ? '' 
 gretchen gaped at the police officer . 
 `` why would my mother break into her own home ? 
 would n't she let herself in through the front door ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' nina said , the pen in her hand poised midair , jabbing at the officers . 
 `` she would n't try to scare her own sister and daughter . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 gretchen smiled . 
 she could hear the wheels turning in nina 's head , berating the cops for what she considered total ineptness . 
 their eyes met . 
 we 'll have to take care of this on our own , wo n't we ? 
 gretchen thought . 
 nina nodded slowly and gretchen blinked . 
 nina 's psychic thing was getting scary . 
 __________ `` most of it is simply intuition , '' nina said , explaining what gretchen referred to as her psychic abilities . 
 the police officers had departed , and nina had returned the cheeky chihuahua to his owner . 
 `` nothing magical about it . 
 and it usually runs in families , so you probably have it , too , but you have n't figured out how to channel your powers . '' 
 `` did you hear what i was thinking when that officer suggested that my mother had broken into her own house ? '' 
 gretchen asked , dishing up food concoctions for tutu , nimrod , and wobbles . 
 all thoughts of finding a flight to boston had vanished from her mind . 
 `` not exactly . 
 i caught the gist of it , though . '' 
 `` well that is n't so hard . 
 you probably could tell from my expression that i did n't have any faith in their ability to solve the burglary . '' 
 `` that could be true . '' 
 nina placed two bowls on the floor and watched wobbles jump onto the counter to eat his . 
 `` cats on the countertop are disgusting , '' she said , making a face . 
 `` wobbles knows he can only go on this section , '' gretchen said , gesturing to the countertop farthest from the food preparation area . 
 `` right here on the corner . '' 
 `` anyway , you should work on your own psychic abilities . '' 
 `` if you 're so good , why have n't you solved martha 's murder and found my mother ? '' 
 `` it does n't work like that . '' 
 nina watched tutu lick every last crumb from her bowl . 
 `` sometimes i have a clear mental image of fragments of the past or future , but mostly i analyze my feelings through auras . 
 an image of martha 's murderer wo n't pop into my head , but i might see an evil aura emanating from the killer if i encounter him . '' 
 `` and have you seen any malevolent auras lately ? '' 
 gretchen picked up the canine 's bowls and soaped them in the sink . 
 wobbles jumped to the ground , challenging the two dogs to rush him . 
 they kept their distance , although nimrod wagged his short tail ferociously . 
 `` to tell you the truth , my energy connection seems to be on the fritz lately , '' nina said . 
 `` to make it work i have to clear my mind and concentrate , and there 's too much turmoil right now to see through the haze . 
 that hanging doll , for example . '' 
 nina shivered visibly . 
 `` i do n't have to be a psychic to read that message . '' 
 `` i agree , '' gretchen said . 
 `` steve 's going to be away from boston for a few days , and it does n't make sense for me to go home now . 
 i ca n't leave you here alone with some psychopath running loose . '' 
 she hoped nina would n't pursue a discussion of steve . 
 she was n't anxious to share her confused feelings with her aunt . 
 her emotions were too close to the surface , and she needed time to think about what she wanted to do next . 
 nina was delighted when she learned of gretchen 's change of plans to follow up with any comments about steve . 
 `` let 's get started then . 
 the key , obviously , is important . 
 important enough to risk breaking and entering . '' 
 `` but the thief wants us to know he 's angry . '' 
 `` or she , '' nina said . 
 `` i still think we need to watch april more carefully . 
 my aura might be off , but every time i 'm around her i get mixed signals and a confusing blend of colors . '' 
 `` and how about bonnie , '' gretchen said . 
 `` she was lying about the rescue mission . '' 
 nina held up her copy of martha 's hidden key . 
 `` let 's start with april and bonnie and see if this fits in either one of their door locks . '' 
 a crack of lightning struck nearby , and nimrod 's ears flattened to his head . 
 his tiny poodle body shook violently . 
 gretchen picked him up . 
 `` it 's storming outside . 
 ca n't we wait until it passes ? '' 
 `` during monsoon season in phoenix ? '' 
 nina said . 
 `` it 'll continue to storm at least until midnight . 
 besides , we can use the rain and darkness as cover . '' 
 `` great . 
 just what i want to do . 
 stand in the rain . '' 
 `` slink around in the rain , '' nina corrected her , ignoring the sarcasm . 
 `` we are going to slink like an arizona rattlesnake . '' 
 __________ they drove toward tempe , taking one detour after another to escape entrapment in flooded washes . 
 on the left side of the road , coyotes appeared in the impala 's headlights , gaunt , running loosely in packs , eyes red and glaring . 
 their heads swung in unison to look at the car , but they continued moving on through the spears of rain . 
 the windshield wipers slapped against the window in high gear . 
 occasionally , nina pulled over to the side of the road until visibility returned . 
 at times , all they could see ahead of them were taillights and streams of water rushing down the windshield . 
 april 's modest home came into view through the descending gloom . 
 nina parked across the street and killed the lights , and gretchen saw april 's car parked in the carport . 
 through the rapidly fogging windshield of the impala they watched an undulating glow behind april 's front curtain . 
 `` she 's watching television in the dark , '' nina said , rubbing her palm in a circle on the driver 's window to clear her view . 
 `` this is n't going to be as easy as i thought . '' 
 gretchen clutched the key . 
 `` only one of us needs to go , '' she said , watching april 's window for movement . 
 `` you can , '' nina said , looking away . 
 `` who 's idea was this in the first place ? '' 
 rain hammered on the roof of the car , reminding gretchen of one boston hailstorm so intense that it pounded circular dents into the hood of steve 's porche . 
 `` i have an umbrella , '' nina said , reaching onto the backseat floor and pulling out a long white umbrella with pink polka dots . 
 she handed it to gretchen . 
 `` pink and white ? 
 how can i hide with this ? '' 
 gretchen cast a dubious expression nina 's way . 
 she tossed the umbrella into the backseat and quickly jumped out into the rain . 
 sometimes , she thought , you have to take a deep breath and plunge in , like a dive into frigid water . 
 the longer you wait , the harder it is to go through with it . 
 she splashed through sheets of water . 
 her hair hung from her face in dripping strands even before she made it to the first porch step . 
 she clomped under an overhang and flattened against the brick wall , wiping water from her face and listening to the sound of the television , muted by the pounding rain . 
 the light through the window flickered . 
 she edged over and risked a peak between the curtains . 
 april 's enormous frame covered her sagging sofa , and in the glow from the screen , gretchen could tell that she was fast asleep , eyes closed , mouth hanging wide open . 
 she wiggled back to the front door , careful to stay under the protection of the eave , although she was n't sure why she bothered , since she was soaked to the skin . 
 she tried to slide the key into the lock . 
 it did n't fit . 
 in one mad rush , she lunged back to the car . 
 nina , encased in fogged windows , searched gretchen 's face . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` it is n't april 's key . '' 
 `` you did n't try the back door . '' 
 `` the back door ? '' 
 `` we have to be thorough , '' nina said . 
 `` we ? '' 
 gretchen was annoyed by nina 's use of a plural possessive to describe a singular act . 
 it was n't as though nina was making a significant contribution . 
 `` we ? '' 
 she said again . 
 `` remember what you said ? 
 we are going to slink around in the rain like a rattlesnake . 
 your turn . '' 
 `` do n't be silly , '' nina said , crossing her arms in protest . 
 `` you 're already wet . 
 and rattlesnakes know better than to slink around in the rain . '' 
 gretchen knelt on the seat and reached into the back for the umbrella . 
 `` april 's sleeping . 
 i 'm through slinking . '' 
 she made her way carefully over the astroturf in april 's yard and circled around the back . 
 lightning struck nearby , too close for comfort . 
 gretchen hoped her umbrella was n't the tallest structure in the vicinity . 
 not a single tree or large shrub grew near april 's yard . 
 aside from an antenna on top of the house , she held the only other lightning rod around . 
 with her recent streak of bad luck , electrocution was a distinct possibility . 
 she hurried to the back door and transferred the umbrella to her left hand , hooking it with her thumb , which protruded from the cast . 
 the umbrella swayed and tipped out of her hand , falling to the ground . 
 abandoning it , she fumbled in her pocket for the key , retrieved it , and tried it in the lock . 
 it did n't fit . 
 as she bent in the rain to pick up the umbrella and make a speedy exit , she heard the back door squeak open . 
 she straightened . 
 april 's face loomed in front of her . 
 `` thought i heard something out here , '' april said . 
 `` what you coming to the back door for when the front 's so much closer ? 
 and look at you , you 're soaked through . 
 come on in . '' 
 april held the door open . 
 `` i 'm too wet , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i 'll come back later . '' 
 `` nonsense , girl , i 'll get you a towel . 
 well , come on . '' 
 while april went for the towel gretchen stood in front of the window , hoping nina was paying attention and had spotted her . 
 she turned and swept her eyes over the clutter in the room . 
 miniature dolls scattered over the tables , empty bags of chips , a collection of soda cans on the coffee table . 
 overnight bag still on the floor with its contents thrown carelessly on top . 
 gretchen realized that the overnight bag could have been on the floor a long time . 
 judging from april 's non-existent housekeeping skills , her earlier assumption that the bag had been used recently could have been wrong . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 she asked when april handed her the towel . 
 `` this valley fever has me feeling awful , '' april said , coughing and sinking back into the sofa . 
 she looked ashen and languid , and gretchen could n't help but believe that she really was ill . 
 april probably did suffer from phoenix 's infamous lung infection . 
 she had n't been away on some furtive mission after all . 
 while toweling dry the best she could , gretchen told april everything -- about the break-in , martha 's bag , the key , and the hung doll . 
 `` hanging a doll is scary business , '' april said . 
 `` you better go back to boston until this is cleared up . 
 you might be in danger . '' 
 `` someone is trying to scare me off . 
 i ca n't let them win . 
 i need to know who else you told about martha 's bag . '' 
 `` not a soul , '' april said . 
 `` i 'm not a blabbermouth . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to offend you , april . '' 
 `` well , you 'll have to look someplace else . '' 
 april blew her nose . 
 `` i have something to tell you that might help , though . 
 i finally got a look at that doll the police found in your mother 's workshop . 
 i 'm proud of my appraisal skills and consider myself one of the best around . 
 i base most of my analysis on market research like actual sales from shops and shows and on what 's hot at the moment . 
 right now its all-bisque dolls , but that parian , even though it 's not on the hot list , is so rare , i took awhile to estimate its worth . '' 
 gretchen gently dabbed the towel on her wet arms and legs . 
 `` what did you decide ? '' 
 `` the doll has a unique hairdo , for starters . 
 real elaborate . 
 and it has flowers and jewels molded in the bisque . 
 pierced ears , too . 
 the other appraiser said three thousand , but my guess is it 's worth an easy five thousand and might even sell for a lot more . 
 and i 'm being conservative . 
 one fine doll , that one . '' 
 `` because of her repair business , my mother works on rare and valuable dolls all the time . '' 
 gretchen folded the towel over a chair and returned to the window . 
 `` that 's how she makes her living . 
 she is n't a thief . '' 
 `` nobody said she was . '' 
 april coughed . 
 `` martha 's the one i 'd peg as a thief . '' 
 `` martha was an enigma , '' gretchen said . 
 `` from what people tell me she kept everyone at a distance . 
 she had few confidantes , if any . 
 no one really knew her . '' 
 april grunted . 
 `` a nasty woman . 
 she used to call me chubby checker . 
 hey , chubby , she 'd call out every time she saw me , and then she 'd laugh . 
 she had nicknames for all of us . 
 bonnie was pippi longstocking because of her stiff hair . 
 she called your mother cruella de vil from that dalmation movie , because of her silver hair . 
 right to our faces , too . '' 
 `` alcoholism is a disease , '' gretchen said , remembering julia 's own complaints about martha 's name-calling . 
 the tasmanian devil was martha 's term for julia , she 'd said , sounding hurt . 
 `` she probably could n't help herself . '' 
 `` there 's no excuse for cruelty . '' 
 `` are you feeling well enough to work out tomorrow ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` doctor says i should get a little exercise as long as i go slow and do n't overdo . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'll see you at curves . '' 
 april shifted her weight and slung a leg onto the coffee table . 
 `` speaking of curves . 
 it 's a social event for our little group . 
 we 've been working out together for the last year or so , and we touch on a lot of subjects while we try to shed some fat . '' 
 she patted her midsection and sighed . 
 `` i suppose i 'd lose some weight if i 'd watch what i eat , but i work up a real appetite after all that exercise . 
 they have a diet plan i 'm going to look into . '' 
 `` you 'd feel better , '' gretchen agreed . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say and taking the long way to say it is that bonnie 's been dropping hints about martha 's dolls . 
 she knows more than she 's letting on . '' 
 `` what kind of hints ? '' 
 `` she says things like , what if martha stashed her collection someplace . 
 or , what if some of the phoenix dollers were hiding martha 's dolls for her . 
 bonnie 's the club gossip , and she has a secret she ca n't hardly keep . 
 give her a little shove , and she 'll spill . '' 
 april 's face turned rosy red when she realized what she had said , and she lifted a pudgy hand to her mouth . 
 `` i did n't mean it to sound like that . 
 after what happened to martha i should n't be telling you to give her a little shove . '' 
 april reached for a box of tissues . 
 `` bonnie 's always up real late . 
 she wo n't mind if you stop by right now . 
 just do n't call her before noon . 
 she 's a late sleeper . '' 
 gretchen lifted the umbrella and worked it through the front door . 
 `` thanks for the information , april . '' 
 `` let me know what you find out , '' april called out . 
 `` and say hi to nina out in the car . '' 
 __________ caroline wondered if she had made a mistake by placing an early bid and alerting other bidders to her presence . 
 web traffic through the doll listing was extremely heavy . 
 as antique dolls became more difficult to find , their worth increased by volumes , and the bidding for the french jumeau bébé proved it . 
 the bidding war that caroline had hoped to avoid had begun . 
 the current bid flashed across the screen for the doll with the unique eyebrows designed by the world-famous french designer : $ 12,000 . 
 every doll collector yearned for at least one jumeau , but few could afford to purchase a doll selling for thousands . 
 at this price , how many different collectors were actually bidding ? 
 two ? 
 four ? 
 certainly no more than ten . 
 caroline wondered how long the seller would risk exposure . 
 a stolen doll . 
 a murdered collector . 
 the seller must be motivated by uncontrollable greed or bold arrogance . 
 or desperation . 
 using both hands she pulled her silver hair away from her face and neck and twirled it on her head . 
 she gazed outside . 
 soon the planes overhead would cease flying for the night , only to start up again a few hours later at sunrise . 
 orange lighting from the parking lot shone into the drab room , and she could hear a television playing in the room next to hers . 
 caroline rose and closed the heavy , smoke-laden drapes . 
 she felt a small shiver of excitement , tasted the thrill of the auction on her tongue . 
 she welcomed these new emotions , which until now had been masked under her own sense of desperation . 
 refreshing after days of extended panic . 
 pretend you 're in vegas , she thought , where time is meaningless . 
 where light and dark merge into an insignificant gray . 
 good and evil . 
 light and dark . 
 were these and concepts such as justice and retribution subjective in nature ? 
 caroline had always been able to see both sides of an issue , empathize with each point of view , rarely taking a firm stance . 
 everything a hazy shade of melded colors . 
 until now . 
 `` play to win , '' she whispered aloud . 
 `` at closing time , you have to be the highest bidder . '' 
 the motel phone rang shrilly , the harsh and unexpected sound startling her , and , after a pause to still her pounding heart , she picked up the receiver . 
 a voice spoke soothingly to her in flawless french . 
 she smiled . 
 `` you know i do n't speak french , '' she said . 
 `` take a small break and eat something , cherie . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` stall , '' caroline said . 
 `` i need more time . '' 
 chapter 22 bonnie albright sat at her kitchen table combing out her red wig and looking nothing like the presiding president of the phoenix dollers club . 
 the small table overflowed with hair rollers in various sizes , bobby pins , a pile of brushes and combs , and a can of heavy-duty hair spray . 
 gretchen tried not to stare at the mass of tangled red hair sitting on its wig stand , or at the tight red wig cap covering bonnie 's head . 
 she tried not to stare at bonnie 's eyebrows , or rather lack of eyebrows , since the penciled lines had been scrubbed away . 
 nina 's mouth hung open . 
 `` i never guessed you wore a wig . 
 all these years ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 `` you should have called first , '' bonnie said , annoyed , tufts of steel gray poking out from the wig cap , lips thin and pale without lipstick . 
 she spritzed the inside of the wig with lysol . 
 gretchen looked away . 
 kewpie dolls lined a shelf in the dining room . 
 classic kewpies , action kewpies waving and crawling , one of kewpie 's companion dogs -- doodle dog -- a kewpie bank , and two kewpie thinker paperweights . 
 teddy bears in every imaginable pose overflowed from bookcases in the adjacent living room . 
 nina had been right about teddy bear collectors . 
 the bears resembled bonnie with their big red bows and colorful faces . 
 `` we were in the neighborhood and need to talk to you , '' nina said , struggling to compose her facial expression and avoid hurting bonnie 's feelings . 
 `` we had a break-in tonight , and someone hung one of caroline 's shirley temple dolls with a noose and poured red paint over it to look like blood . '' 
 `` oh my , '' bonnie said , her hand slowing as it worked the rat-tail comb through the wig , picking out tangles . 
 `` we need to know who else knew that we had martha 's bag , '' gretchen said . 
 `` the burglar took it . '' 
 `` i did n't tell a soul , '' bonnie said , her knuckles white around the comb . 
 nina pulled a chair out and sat down . 
 she leaned across the table . 
 `` i 've known you a long time , bonnie , and you do n't keep secrets well . 
 you must have called someone , told someone . '' 
 bonnie continued combing , looking down at the wig . 
 `` do you know why i wear a wig ? 
 because i 'm practically bald on top of my head , that 's why . 
 just like a man . 
 you know how embarrassing that has been for me . 
 and wearing a wig requires special attention . 
 i have to watch out for rotating fans and revolving doors . 
 i live in constant fear that my wig will fly off and expose me for what i really am . '' 
 nina rolled her eyes to the ceiling . 
 gretchen waited patiently beside her . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's been hard for you , '' nina said , sliding her eyes back to bonnie . 
 `` but we are talking about breaking and entering and destruction of property , and we need answers . '' 
 `` i kept my wig a secret , and i kept martha 's bag a secret , too . '' 
 `` we never asked you to keep it a secret , '' gretchen said , gently . 
 `` you can tell anyone you want to tell . 
 why did you think it was a secret ? '' 
 bonnie jabbed the wig on her head , roughly adjusting it , the hair still matted like a barbie doll 's crown of knots after making the rounds through a group of toddlers . 
 a trapped look formed in bonnie 's eyes . 
 `` i did n't tell anyone because martha had my key and i 've been trying to get it back and i thought it might be in that bag and i did n't want anyone else to know . 
 there . 
 are you happy ? '' 
 the words came fast , spilling over each other in one long breath . 
 gretchen gaped at bonnie , wondering if she had heard correctly . 
 detective albright 's mother ? 
 what surprised gretchen the most was the ease with which they had forced the truth from her . 
 bonnie crumbled with little resistance . 
 detective work might be easier than she originally thought . 
 nina found her voice first . 
 `` you broke in , stole the bag , and hung caroline 's doll ? '' 
 bonnie held her hands up in protest . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 i do n't know why anyone would do that . 
 i wanted to get my key back before it surfaced , before i became a suspect , too . 
 matty would be so angry . 
 but i never went to caroline 's house . 
 you have to believe me . '' 
 `` i do , '' nina said , and gretchen wondered if nina 's aura analysis skills were working again . 
 she also wondered what color bonnie 's aura would be . 
 red , she guessed , to match her hair and teddy bears ' bows . 
 `` the key was in the bag , bonnie . 
 but why would anyone else steal it ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 no one said anything . 
 an idea dawned on gretchen , making her want to thump her head with her cast . 
 what little mind she had left could be sold inside the french fashion doll 's beaded purse . 
 dense . 
 dense . 
 dense . 
 `` we did n't tell anyone what we found in the bag , '' she said . 
 `` so maybe the thief expected to find something else . 
 the strangled doll might have been an angry afterthought . '' 
 bonnie nodded her snarled head in agreement . 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 `` it 's possible , '' nina said . 
 `` tell us what happened , bonnie , '' gretchen said . 
 `` why did martha have a key to your house ? '' 
 `` if i tell you , you have to promise not to tell anyone . '' 
 `` we promise , '' nina said . 
 bonnie looked at gretchen . 
 `` you , too ? '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 `` about a week before martha died , '' bonnie began , `` she came to my house , disheveled and agitated . 
 at first , i thought she 'd been drinking , and i had reservations about even letting her in , much less doing her a favor . 
 but martha insisted repeatedly that someone was stealing from her and that she needed a safe place to store something that meant a lot to her . '' 
 `` she would n't tell you what it was ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` she said she would tell me when she brought it over . 
 that she had to find it first . 
 she said she needed several hiding spots , not just one , because one had n't worked before . 
 i felt sorry for her . 
 she cried and carried on like her closest family member had died , and in a weak moment , i told her where i keep a spare key in case she came back when i was gone . 
 behind that little hummel picture inside the screen porch , i told her . 
 that 's where i keep it . 
 or kept it . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 `` a few days later , the key disappeared . 
 i did n't find anything hidden in the house , but she was the only person i ever told about the key , so i know she took it . 
 then after she died , i forgot all about it until matty started saying he thought she had been murdered , and by the time i remembered , the opportunity to tell him about it seemed to have passed . 
 you know how sometimes you put off telling someone something important , and the longer you wait , the harder it gets until you do n't tell them at all ? '' 
 bonnie sniffed , and tears formed around the rims of her eyes . 
 `` that 's why you went to the rescue mission ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` to find martha 's friends and to retrieve your key ? '' 
 bonnie wrung her hands . 
 `` no one there would help me . 
 it scared me to think that some homeless people might have a key to my house . 
 and i did n't want matty to know how foolish i 'd been . '' 
 nina cupped bonnie 's hands in her own . 
 `` you have to tell your son what you just told us . '' 
 `` i did . 
 i told him all about it . 
 well , except for the key . 
 but i told him everything martha said to me about her dolls . '' 
 bonnie glanced sharply at gretchen . 
 `` it certainly does n't clear caroline . 
 in fact , it casts more suspicion on her . '' 
 gretchen thought the same thing . 
 bonnie 's story only confirmed the existence of dolls worth stealing , worth killing for . 
 if only martha had mentioned a name , things might have turned out differently . 
 her furtive actions and evasive words could destroy an innocent person and allow the guilty one to escape . 
 gretchen took her copy of the inventory list out of her purse and handed it to bonnie . 
 `` this is a list of the dolls martha used to own . 
 it 's becoming clearer that she had at least some of them in her possession when she died . 
 we do n't know whether she actually owned them or if she was in the process of stealing them . 
 take a look at the list . 
 have you ever seen any of these dolls ? 
 in the past or recently ? '' 
 bonnie slipped on reading glasses and bent over the list . 
 `` these here , '' she said , pointing at the list . 
 `` i saw these years ago . '' 
 gretchen pulled the list over and read the description . 
 `` kammer & reinhardt 101 character children , composition and wood jointed bodies , sixteen inch and seventeen inch , c. 1916 . '' 
 `` beautifully made dolls , '' bonnie said , taking the list back . 
 `` german manufacturers . 
 kammer & reinhardt popularized character dolls , you know . 
 quite wonderful dolls . 
 i remember them well . '' 
 `` pictures of the dolls would be helpful , '' gretchen said , always amazed when collectors could identify a doll by such a brief description . 
 the picture of the french fashion doll flashed through gretchen 's mind . 
 once she 'd seen a picture , the doll would remain in her memory forever . 
 martha had catalogued her dolls with such detail . 
 why would n't she have taken pictures ? 
 `` anything else look familiar ? '' 
 nina asked . 
 `` noooo ... , '' bonnie said , reading intently . 
 then she gasped , a little puff of air escaping from pursed lips . 
 `` maybe this one . 
 i 'll read it to you . '' 
 she looked up over her reading glasses . 
 `` you know i like kewpie dolls . 
 actually , i 'm obsessed with them . 
 listen to this . '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` blunderboo laughing baby kewpie , bisque , c. 1915 , o’neill mark on feet , original red heart label . '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 nina demanded . 
 `` what 's familiar about it ? '' 
 `` i saw a kewpie fitting this description at joseph 's dream dolls . 
 that has to be the same doll . 
 no question about it . '' 
 `` when did you see it ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` two days ago , '' bonnie answered . 
 `` i could n't afford to buy it . 
 he had priced it right , considering the age and condition , which was excellent , but i 'm on a fixed income . 
 the price was out of my budget . '' 
 around in circles we go , gretchen thought . 
 like musical chairs . 
 the music stops , players scramble for seats , and i 'm left standing in the middle staring at the same faces and asking the same questions . 
 what had today 's intruder expected to find in caroline 's workshop besides a bag of old clothes ? 
 another doll from martha 's original collection ? 
 if gretchen could believe april and bonnie , they had n't shared news of the discovery of martha 's bag with anyone else . 
 that left only a handful of people who knew about it and had the opportunity to steal it . 
 but why risk exposure by taking the bag if it contained nothing of value ? 
 and why draw more attention by hanging the shirley temple doll ? 
 `` wait a minute , '' bonnie said , still concentrating on the list . 
 `` i 've gone over this inventory twice , and it is n't here . '' 
 `` what is n't here ? '' 
 nina said . 
 `` martha showed me several dolls . 
 this was long before the bank repossessed her house , and i had gone over to solicit donations for the phoenix dollers annual fundraiser , which by the way is coming up again soon . 
 i hope i can count on you two for a contribution . 
 anyway , she showed me the character children , and she showed me another doll . 
 a madame rohmer . 
 i remember how surprised i was at the time , because she never let anyone see her dolls . 
 but this group was new to her collection , and she was very excited . '' 
 nina swung the list around to her side of the table . 
 gretchen watched her index finger underline each entry . 
 `` no madame rohmer , '' she agreed . 
 `` that 's so odd . 
 it had a darling blonde wig . '' 
 bonnie posed both hands lightly on top of her own wig for emphasis . 
 `` and the cutest little cream dress with a blue feather pattern . '' 
 `` maybe she sold the doll and revised the list , '' gretchen suggested . 
 `` but from what i hear , she refused to sell anything from her collection . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' bonnie said . 
 `` even at the end , she would n't sell any of them . 
 they were like her children . 
 she never had children of her own , you know , and i think she transferred all her pent-up affection onto the dolls . '' 
 `` that 's so strange when women do that , '' nina said , missing the connection between a childless woman and her own four-legged forms of compensation . 
 everyone needed to love somebody , and it did n't matter whether they chose children or dogs or dolls . 
 but children and dogs , and - yes , cats - loved you back . 
 inanimate objects like dolls could n't reciprocate . 
 no wonder martha felt compelled to finish out her life in a lonely state of inebriation after her lifelong partner had died . 
 `` she must have loved her husband very much , '' gretchen said , `` to have fallen so far . '' 
 bonnie nodded , and the unsecured wig slid to the side of her face . 
 she straightened it . 
 `` you have no idea what his death did to her . 
 a match made in heaven , we all said . 
 i hope they finally found each other . '' 
 bonnie looked upward . 
 gretchen , caught in a relationship that was quickly spiraling downhill , tried to imagine total and unconditional love with a husband of her own . 
 she loved her mother that way , but could she say the same about her feelings for steve ? 
 would her world fall apart without him ? 
 would she become a homeless drunk destined for a life of degradation and excess ? 
 hardly , she thought . 
 she was stronger than that . 
 if they failed to work out their problems , she would go on . 
 maybe that was the true test . 
 if she wanted to fling herself from the top of camelback mountain , would she pass the test of love ? 
 maybe , after all the speculation and information gathered to the contrary , martha had simply soared from the mountain heights in an attempt to rejoin her husband . 
 `` it 's possible that she forgot to include the new doll in her inventory , '' gretchen said . 
 `` everyone makes mistakes occasionally . '' 
 __________ caroline knew that some doll collectors refuse to participate in online auctions . 
 they worry that the seller will exaggerate the condition of the doll and they will unknowingly purchase one of inferior quality . 
 some say that they must hold a doll in their hands , prod for flaws or misrepresented repair work , look into the doll 's eyes , make a connection . 
 watching the computer screen , caroline again admired the valuable doll . 
 she had already held this particular bébé in her hands , had examined it from every angle . 
 she knew it was in mint condition , not a single imperfection , and it wore its original white muslin dress and matching bonnet . 
 her requirements for purchasing the doll were not the same hands-on connection that some collectors demanded . 
 the doll was superfluous to her . 
 the seller was her target . 
 four hours and twenty minutes left in the auction , and twenty-seven bids registered . 
 caroline watched her email inbox intently for new bids , the auction house alerting her each time another potential buyer outbid her . 
 she rapidly and expertly moved between screens , from email to auction . 
 two thirty in the morning , and caroline felt her resolve slipping as her need for sleep increased . 
 anxious world-wide buyers were bidding on the same doll . 
 what time was it in london ? 
 in rome ? 
 she cursed the seller for accepting international bids but recognized it as a brilliant maneuver to remove the doll from the united states . 
 crucial for the seller , but she refused to allow it to happen . 
 caroline decided to check the auction bid one last time , then break for a few hours ' rest . 
 she needed sleep desperately , her thoughts too loosely connected and ineffective without it . 
 she watched as the auction screen lit up , and her eyes grew wide with urgency . 
 the buy it now icon flashed across her screen , the signal that the seller was ready to end the bidding at a certain set price . 
 usually this option was n't available after the bidding began . 
 caroline had n't expected it . 
 the price shown under the listing for the jumeau bébé caused caroline to pause momentarily . 
 twenty-two thousand dollars , a princely amount . 
 her fingers flew on the keyboard , intent on beating another bidder to the treasure , hoping they had been caught off-guard also . 
 all she needed was a lead of a few seconds . 
 fast fingers . 
 she hit enter and sat back . 
 something must have frightened the seller , too much attention on the site perhaps , or an unforeseen problem in waiting out the remaining four hours . 
 she sensed a change in plans , a quiet desperation . 
 she punched in her email address and smiled weakly . 
 congratulations ! 
 appeared on the screen . 
 chapter 23 gretchen rolled out of bed early wednesday morning after a restless night 's sleep and painfully pulled on a pair of socks over her burnt feet and tied up the laces on her hiking boots . 
 glancing in the mirror , she noticed that her facial coloring remained a crispy , flaky red . 
 nimrod , ready for high-energy puppy action , bolted his breakfast while wobbles savored his meal one morsel at a time . 
 after eating , wobbles nimbly sprang to the floor , and nimrod proceeded to run in circles around him in a vain attempt to entice him into a game of chase . 
 wobbles looked on with disdain , his eyelids hooded and watchful . 
 eventually , he sauntered over to the protective height of the washing machine . 
 gretchen drank coffee and ate what remained of last night 's chinese meal , wistfully remembering the enormous all-american breakfasts of her past . 
 as she approached thirty , she 'd been forced to change her eating habits to reflect her slower metabolism and the accompanying ease with which she gained unwanted weight . 
 no more breakfasts of eggs , bacon , toast , and fried potatoes for her . 
 ruby red grapefruits and plain yogurt from now on . 
 she had jealously observed that arizona women were fit , trim , and golden tan , and she hoped to model her unemployed self after them rather than eat her way through mounds of seven-layer self-pity . 
 she also noticed that she had more commitment to self-control and strength in the mornings than later in the day , when most of her determination faded . 
 a hardy hike up the mountain before the sun began to scorch the earth would solve the metabolism problem , at least temporarily . 
 last night 's storm had moved toward the coast , and the arid desert heat had already begun to absorb the large quantities of fallen rain . 
 in the next short , sunny hours , all evidence of flooding would evaporate , and the land would appear parched again . 
 on the day gretchen arrived in phoenix , the local news had recounted the rescue of a dehydrated , heat-stricken hiker . 
 gretchen planned a cautious , safe climb to protect herself from embarrassing media coverage . 
 water bottle , hat , and an early ascent were essential . 
 as an afterthought , she grabbed a pair of binoculars in case she spotted a new bird to add to her growing life list of bird sightings . 
 taking the footpath to the trailhead , she veered to the left onto summit trail and began the rugged one-point-two-mile uphill climb , periodically stopping to rest and to glance at the summit , almost three thousand feet above sea level , according to a sign below . 
 a harris antelope squirrel darted along the rocks , tail curled across his back , and disappearing into a tangle of mesquite . 
 halfway up , gretchen paused at the hand railing and listened to the high-pitched trill of a rock wren . 
 she felt rejuvenated by the fresh air and the open expanse of the desert mountain . 
 she saw nesting holes bored into a saguaro cactus by a gila woodpecker and daydreamed about life as a bird . 
 free and mobile . 
 it seemed a peaceful existence compared to the complexities of human relationships . 
 she looked back down the steep trail toward the trailhead , now a tiny spot in the distance . 
 she saw someone moving up the path toward her with a familiar gait . 
 she held the binoculars to her eyes and watched matt albright making the steep climb . 
 he was n't doing too badly , considering how unprepared he was for the hike . 
 he did n't wear a hat , which is the very first hiking rule , and did n't carry water , as far as gretchen could see . 
 obviously , a beginner . 
 or perhaps he had n't anticipated climbing a mountain today . 
 had he been watching her all along ? 
 following her from home ? 
 matt looked up in her direction . 
 she reluctantly waved , wishing instead to slide down and flatten into the rocks . 
 he had n't exactly been the bearer of good news lately . 
 matt lifted a hand as a shield from the sun and waved in return . 
 she watched him pick his way through the rocks . 
 `` you obviously never were a boy scout , '' she said , when he stopped before her , breathing hard . 
 lines of perspiration ran down both sides of his face , but he managed one of his dazzling smiles . 
 he could make a living as a tooth model . 
 `` their motto is be prepared , '' she continued , handing him her water bottle . 
 `` you 're a classic dehydration victim and potential buzzard food . '' 
 she watched him tip the bottle back and take a long drink . 
 `` the fire department needs the extra business , '' he managed to say . 
 `` they 'd be happy to come up and get me . '' 
 he sat down on a boulder . 
 `` i should have trained for this assignment . 
 keeping up with you is n't easy . 
 a triathlon would be less work . '' 
 `` i see you 're a walking advertisement for social issues , '' she said , pointing at his t-shirt , reading the inscription follow your own path -- leave only footprints . 
 she remembered the indian youth fund t shirt he wore a few days ago . 
 `` a cop with a social conscience , imagine that . '' 
 `` you make it sound like we are n't human . 
 maybe i can prove you wrong . '' 
 `` my cousin , blaze , is a sheriff in a little town in the michigan upper peninsula . 
 he kind of gives the profession a bad name , he 's neanderthalish and loudly self-righteous . 
 i 'm going to the top . 
 if you want to make sure i do n't commit a crime against phoenix , like littering on one of your premier tourist attractions , you 'd better go up with me . '' 
 matt stood and gestured up the mountain . 
 `` after you . '' 
 gretchen hiked fast , determined to make it to the summit as quickly as possible and start the descent before the sun crested over camelback . 
 `` i was hoping to see a gila woodpecker , '' she called back , noting that the gap between them had widened . 
 `` i 've seen the holes in the cacti , but i 've never seen the bird . '' 
 `` they have zebra-striped backs , '' he called up to her in short , choppy words . 
 a period punctuated every word , each a sentence of its own . 
 `` i did n't know you were a birder . '' 
 `` i 've never considered myself one . 
 i just like to look . 
 it 's another excuse to be outdoors . '' 
 she stopped and waited for him to catch up . 
 `` there are eighteen species of hummingbirds in arizona , '' he said , looking miserable , his smile subdued and strained . 
 `` arizona is a bird haven in the winter . '' 
 `` why are you following me ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` you are n't a hiker , at least not at this skill level . 
 you could have waited at the base for me . '' 
 `` i could , but i like the challenge . '' 
 he lifted his shirt to wipe his face with the edge of the cloth . 
 gretchen glimpsed a well-toned midsection . 
 too much weight lifting and not enough aerobic conditioning , she guessed . 
 `` sapsuckers , whiskered owls , quail , arizona has it all , '' he said . 
 `` in answer to your question , your aunt nina mentioned that you like to hike . 
 when you were n't home , i thought i might find you here . '' 
 `` on the way down you can tell me why you 're visiting so early in the morning . 
 come on , let 's go . '' 
 he smiled with relief . 
 `` you 've made my day . 
 i thought i 'd have to finish the climb to get your attention . 
 i 'll buy you breakfast to show my gratitude . '' 
 __________ the waffle house was crowded , but the waitstaff knew matt and found them a table almost immediately . 
 gretchen , her early morning healthful diet resolution temporarily forgotten , dove into an enormous platter of pecan waffles . 
 `` nina says you 're peladophobic , '' gretchen said between bites . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 matt laughed . 
 `` are you asking me if i have an unnatural fear of bald people or are you asking me if i have pediophobia ? '' 
 `` the fear-of-dolls one . '' 
 `` pediophobia . '' 
 matt poured more syrup over his waffles and handed the bottle to gretchen . 
 `` it 's weird , but i 've always had the problem . 
 i 'm surprised you spotted it since i go out of my way to hide behind daring bravado . '' 
 he thumped his chest . 
 `` you know , the big bad cop that 's afraid of a little doll does n't exactly enhance my image . 
 my mother tried to break me of it when i was young with no luck . 
 facing my fear , in this case , did n't work . '' 
 `` maybe she made it worse , '' gretchen said , thinking of bewigged , gossipy bonnie forcing dolls on her son . 
 `` maybe , '' he agreed pleasantly , not particularly concerned with resolving his issues or delving into the reasons . 
 `` symptoms mimic those of the flu -- nausea and sweating , and i avoid those feelings whenever possible . 
 i could n't believe it when i was assigned to this case . '' 
 `` speaking of the case , '' gretchen said , her waffle-filled fork midair . 
 `` any progress ? '' 
 `` that 's why i came to see you , '' he said . 
 `` we have a suspect in custody . '' 
 `` my mother ? '' 
 she said , not sure what answer she wanted to hear . 
 she had little doubt that her mother was alive and well , but her physical presence would be confirmation , an erasure of that tiny bit of lingering doubt , unspoken and consciously ignored , yet there all the same . 
 gretchen craved living proof . 
 on the other hand , she could n't bear the thought of her mother behind bars . 
 matt shook his head . 
 `` no , not your mother . 
 theodore brummer turned himself in late last night . 
 he confessed . '' 
 `` i never heard of him '' `` well , he said he did it . '' 
 `` he confessed to martha williams 's murder ? '' 
 gretchen sighed with relief , noting the assertion in matt 's expression . 
 it was over . 
 her mother could come home , and she could return to boston and the life she had made for herself there . 
 she tried not to think of the recent negative qualities of that life . 
 she could put it back together again , find a job , salvage her long-term relationship . 
 she would consider it a new beginning , a starting point for the next phase of her life . 
 `` yes , he could only communicate in spanish , no english at all . 
 he says he did it . '' 
 `` did he say why he killed her ? '' 
 `` apparently they knew each other from the rescue mission . 
 he says he was drunk , she had a bottle of whisky and would n't share . 
 a physical fight ensued , and he pushed her . '' 
 gretchen 's eyes narrowed , and her brows furrowed . 
 killed for a bottle of whisky ? 
 something felt wrong about that . 
 the homeless lost their lives occasionally , and sometimes they did lose it over a bottle of booze . 
 but camelback mountain was miles from the area the city 's destitute frequented . 
 why chase her all the way up a mountain and then push her off ? 
 a disturbing thought struck her , and she knew the answer before she asked the question . 
 she sensed what nina would have called her special inherited talent , a certain unspecified intuition . 
 goose bumps dotted her arms as she braced herself to cross paths once again with a duplicitous transient . 
 `` what does this theodore brummer look like ? '' 
 she asked , suspiciously . 
 `` scruffy , smelly . 
 usually the homeless are nondescript and tend to blend in , but this guy has a large lump on his head that distinguishes him from the rest , some kind of growth . '' 
 gretchen stared at him . 
 she was right . 
 nacho . 
 `` what about the witnesses ? '' 
 she managed to ask . 
 `` the ones who saw my mother on the mountain when martha died ? '' 
 `` if you 're asking if their sighting is credible , it is . 
 she 's still wanted as an accomplice based on their accounting . 
 she was on the mountain , and she 's guilty of something . 
 maybe not murder , but certainly she withheld information and obstructed the pursuit of justice . 
 i 'm not buying his motive . 
 he did n't kill martha williams over alcohol . 
 and there 's still the possibility that your mother conspired with brummer . '' 
 gretchen pushed her plate away , having suddenly lost her appetite . 
 __________ `` i suspected him all along , '' nina said . 
 `` does n't surprise me at all . '' 
 they drove toward scottsdale memorial hospital through typically heavy traffic on their way to visit daisy . 
 nina 's menagerie - tutu , nimrod , and the volatile enrico -- rode in the backseat , and gretchen again felt gratitude for her cat and his independent character . 
 his only requirements were a constant source of food and water and a warm body to cuddle with at night . 
 dogs , on the other hand ... . 
 she let the thought go , resigned to the present situation and present , doggy-breath company . 
 the back windows were crusted with accumulated drool . 
 `` nacho did n't implicate her , '' gretchen said , repeating the rest of the information supplied by the detective . 
 `` in fact he insisted that my mother had nothing to do with it . 
 he was adamant , maintaining that he acted alone . '' 
 `` that 's good news . '' 
 `` the police still have a warrant out for her arrest based on the description from the hikers . '' 
 `` that 's not good news . '' 
 something still did n't feel right about nacho 's confession , but gretchen was confident that her questions would be answered eventually . 
 how , for example , could nacho have been responsible for daisy 's car accident ? 
 he did n't even own a vehicle , so how could he have forced her off the road ? 
 and his concern for daisy had seemed genuine . 
 why would he try to harm her ? 
 however , his sneaky manner and covert actions made his guilty plea plausible . 
 and he admitted to the murder . 
 case closed . 
 or almost . 
 maybe the reason for daisy 's crash was simpler than it appeared . 
 daisy , inattentive or inexperienced , could have lost control and driven off the road . 
 it was possible that , as the detective had conjectured , no one had tail-ended her . 
 `` i do n't understand his penchant for speaking spanish , '' gretchen said . 
 `` he refused to speak english , and as far as i know , he is n't even spanish . 
 at least he does n't look spanish . 
 and we know he 's fluent in english . 
 what 's the significance of the spanish ? '' 
 `` you think too much , '' nina said . 
 `` accept his confession at face value . '' 
 `` and ignore the fact that he did n't break in and steal martha 's bag ? '' 
 `` how do you know he did n't ? '' 
 `` because he 's the one who gave the bag to us . '' 
 when nina swung into the hospital parking lot , all three dogs tumbled to the right side of the car . 
 `` seat belts for you guys unless you learn to brace better for turns , '' she warned . 
 `` how are we going to fit daisy into the car , '' gretchen said in exasperation . 
 `` there is n't room . '' 
 nina slid the gears into the park position and turned off the engine . 
 `` it was your idea to take daisy home with you , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't approve of letting a vagrant take over caroline 's home , but it 's your decision . 
 now , when you 're robbed blind , i 'll know exactly who did it . '' 
 `` you 're stereotyping , '' gretchen said . 
 `` i thought you were more open-minded than that . '' 
 nina grinned . 
 `` in answer to your question . 
 we have plenty of room for daisy because you can ride in the back with the pooches . '' 
 gretchen got out of the car and slammed the door . 
 __________ caroline did n't flinch at the exorbitant amount of money she had paid for the doll . 
 thanks to the increasing popularity of plastic and the credit card service 's unethical tactics that trapped the impulsive consumer into a lifetime of interest-paying servitude , she had been allowed to spend more than she should have . 
 usually outspoken about the evils of excessive credit debt , caroline , in one single transaction , had joined the multitudes of over-extended debtors . 
 she smiled with satisfaction . 
 until now she had careful avoided leaving a paper trail . 
 in fact , she still practiced extreme caution . 
 watchful eyes would find no easy path to her temporary door . 
 she had used only cash until the final moment when she had no other choice . 
 the evasive maneuvers , however , would end soon enough . 
 the terms of a private auction were strictly adhered to , caroline knew from her own experience with online selling . 
 bidder 's email addresses were not disclosed , a distinct advantage for caroline that effectively concealed her identity from the seller . 
 of course , this seller , she knew , also requiring anonymity , had used another identity and an escrow service to manage the transaction . 
 full contact information could be requested only after winning the auction , and only the seller and the highest bidder were notified via email when the auction was over . 
 caroline keyed in her request for the seller 's identification and settled in to wait for the response . 
 the information she was about to receive would be well worth the thousands she had spent moments earlier . 
 she thought of nacho , her thespian friend back in phoenix , with a mixture of fondness and reserve . 
 her accomplice . 
 one of life 's enigmas , the erudite outcast , fluent speaker of multiple languages . 
 all the knowledge in his head could n't save him from his struggles with the bottle . 
 lucid for long periods of time until the next inevitable alcoholic binge and the rapid descent from lucid to lurid . 
 caroline hoped he could maintain his focus long enough to continue to be of use to her . 
 he was the only one she could trust . 
 their mutual cause bound them together like two foot soldiers huddled in a foxhole . 
 she rubbed her tired , dry eyes and opened them again at the same instant that the screen updated . 
 the receiving mail message flashed across the bottom of her computer screen . 
 chapter 24 daisy settled into the spare bedroom with her meager supply of toiletries , furnished by the hospital , and with the clothes on her back , several layers of mix-and-match items that were all mix , no match . 
 did n't the woman appreciate the extent of the high summer temperatures ? 
 could n't she feel the sweltering , relentless heat rising to a boil under all those layers ? 
 gretchen felt hot just looking at her and adjusted the air-conditioning upward . 
 `` i 'll say this again , '' daisy said , the top of her head bandaged and the surrounding hair shaved to stubble . 
 `` i 'd rather stay with nacho . 
 all the hollywood scouts hang out in downtown phoenix . 
 what are my chances of being discovered way out here behind this ugly clump of dirt you call a mountain ? '' 
 nina sighed heavily . 
 `` how many times do i have to say it ? 
 nacho 's house swept away in the last flood . 
 i saw it with my own eyes . 
 it 's gone . '' 
 along with my phone , gretchen thought . 
 somehow there had n't been time to visit her phone service and purchase a new one . 
 she felt naked without it and experienced a moment of pampered privilege for her thought . 
 daisy had absolutely nothing in the world , while she clung to all the modern convenient trappings , every one of them . 
 nacho would n't need his cardboard home any time soon , but she had n't told daisy about his incarceration yet . 
 `` and my clothes , '' daisy continued to complain . 
 `` i ca n't function without my shopping cart . '' 
 `` we 'll find the cart later today . 
 your clothes and the rest of your things are in nina 's trunk , '' gretchen assured her , watching nina make a face at the thought of daisy 's foul-smelling odds and ends arriving inside her sister 's home . 
 `` or we can buy you a new outfit or two , '' she said , hoping to appease nina 's sensibilities . 
 `` would you like that ? '' 
 `` i 'll pay , '' nina offered enthusiastically . 
 the tiny trio of dogs sniffed at daisy 's ankles . 
 enrico had n't barked or growled at daisy , not once , which gretchen took as a good sign . 
 anyone who connected with animals had to have redeeming qualities . 
 even wobbles , usually reserved around strangers , stalked back and forth before daisy , rubbing up against her legs and purring . 
 gretchen remembered her first encounter with daisy on the streets of phoenix and daisy 's fascination with nimrod as he rode contentedly in his embroidered poodle purse on her shoulder . 
 the homeless woman obviously loved animals . 
 daisy lifted enrico into her arms and gretchen watched in stunned surprise as the normally whirling tornado licked the top of daisy 's hand in beastly gratitude for her attention . 
 `` well , does n't that beat all , '' nina said . 
 `` he likes you . '' 
 `` i have a certain way with doggies , '' daisy said , looking down at woobles . 
 `` and kitties . 
 when are we going to bring in my stuff from the car ? '' 
 `` not right now , '' nina said with annoyance . 
 `` let 's get you a few new things first . 
 then we can decide what to do with the rest . '' 
 `` great , '' daisy said , stuffing enrico in nimrod 's purse . 
 she slung him over her shoulder , and enrico peeked out , perplexed by the change in mobile homes . 
 `` grab the other two and let 's go . 
 what are you waiting for ? 
 where are we going for my new outfits ? '' 
 nina , a pained expression on her face , packed up the pooches without responding . 
 she silently consigning nimrod to the chihuahua 's purse and gave gretchen a withering glare after gretchen announced that she would remain at home . 
 `` i have a few calls to make , '' she said . 
 `` you go ahead and have fun . 
 happy shopping . '' 
 `` you ca n't do this to me , '' nina whispered out the corner of her mouth . 
 `` it will do you good to make a new friend . 
 look how she gets along with enrico . 
 daisy 's a natural . '' 
 she hustled them out the door , nina blustering and daisy discussing the requirements for her new wardrobe . 
 `` red and purple , '' gretchen heard her say as she left . 
 `` like those red hat ladies . 
 i like those colors . '' 
 the phone rang as gretchen finished straightening up the kitchen . 
 `` somebody 's been in my house , '' bonnie screeched . 
 `` since we were talking about my key only yesterday , i 've been more watchful than usual . 
 and i know somebody 's been in here . '' 
 `` what was taken ? '' 
 `` nothing that i can see . 
 but i 'm meticulous . 
 i can tell if one little thing in my house has been moved . 
 and a dresser drawer in matty 's old room is open just a smidge . 
 i did n't leave it that way . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure , because after i saw the open drawer , i started paying more attention to details . 
 things have been moved around . 
 whoever stole the key from your house came here . '' 
 bonnie sniffed . 
 `` it 's a horrible thing to know a stranger violated the sanctity of my home without permission . 
 it gives me the creeps . '' 
 `` are you positive that they got in with the key ? '' 
 gretchen dropped the dishtowel onto the table . 
 `` nothing is forced open or broken , and i always lock up because you can never be too careful these days . 
 criminals prey on women living alone . 
 there are only two keys -- one on my key chain and the one you had . 
 i never replaced the spare behind the hummel . '' 
 gretchen did n't think it necessary to mention the copies she had made for nina and herself . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said , doubtfully . 
 `` a slightly open dresser drawer seems like flimsy evidence . '' 
 `` that 's exactly why i did n't call matty , '' bonnie whined . 
 `` he would say the same thing . 
 i have a locksmith on the way over , so the lock will be changed . 
 that 'll solve the problem quick enough . 
 i just thought you 'd like to know what happened . '' 
 `` i appreciate the call . 
 i really do . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 bonnie sniffed again . 
 gretchen thought about martha and the disappearing key . 
 martha had taken the key , but never delivered the package . 
 or had she ? 
 had she hidden a doll inside bonnie 's house without her knowledge ? 
 did she enter caroline 's house as well , with practiced stealth ? 
 maybe martha had hidden the doll that the police confiscated . 
 and who else could have had enough information to search bonnie 's house ? 
 and what would be the point of hiding dolls in other doll collectors ' homes ? 
 questions raced through gretchen 's mind with no easy answers following behind . 
 `` when did this happen ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i was out this morning for a few hours , '' bonnie said . 
 `` in fact , i 'm in and out of the house every day with my part-time job at saks and all my errands . '' 
 gretchen experienced a rising sense of alarm . 
 nacho could n't possibly be responsible for a break-in that morning , since he had turned himself in to the police sometime during the night . 
 `` but i have n't been in that room for two or three days , '' bonnie continued , effectively placing nacho back as primary suspect in the lineup . 
 `` i 've got to go . 
 the locksmith is here . '' 
 gretchen hung up and remembered a certain uneasiness right after she arrived in phoenix , when she 'd noticed the open patio door , unlocked when she was sure she had locked it . 
 her mother 's pink bracelet on her wrist caught gretchen 's eye , and renewed anger at her mother 's silence washed over her . 
 why had n't she returned by now ? 
 in gretchen 's opinion it was time to resurface and refute the charges against her . 
 exactly one week since martha died , and now with nacho arrested for the murder and a full confession , where was her mother ? 
 only one explanation occurred to gretchen . 
 the bru french fashion doll and its incredible value must have tempted her mother into her current situation . 
 it did n't really matter whether martha or caroline had placed the parian doll in the workshop . 
 the french fashion doll , dressed in a green silk costume and a straw hat , and the doll trunk filled with original costumes and accessories , played a critical role in the murder . 
 that doll was the beginning . 
 or the end for martha . 
 gretchen had lost her direction . 
 her plan to find the french fashion doll had been forgotten in the anxious moments of the noose-necked shirley temple and the deceitful actions of members of the phoenix dollers . 
 joseph hiding his family ties , bonnie 's covert visit to the homeless shelter , and april 's suspicious illness . 
 all had distracted gretchen . 
 then daisy 's accident in her mother 's own car and nacho 's surprising confession . 
 all had diverted gretchen from her path to the french fashion doll , and she realized with a sinking sense of helplessness that she had no idea how to go about finding it . 
 perhaps her mother had the doll with her , and it would never reappear . 
 maybe they were both gone forever . 
 what did her mother know that had caused her to flee ? 
 could a doll gain such importance for her that she would abandon her comfortable life in phoenix for the uncertainty of a life in hiding , cut off forever from her friends and career and family ? 
 why did gretchen have this awful premonition that her mother was n't coming back ? 
 close to tears , she heard the phone ringing again , slicing sharply through her tumultuous thoughts . 
 she decided she would n't accept her mother as an accomplice to murder or as a common thief . 
 longing to hear her mother on the other end of the line , she hid her disappointment at the sound of larry 's voice . 
 `` you must be keeping on top of my mother 's work , '' she said . 
 `` no one has been around here threatening lawsuits for unfulfilled promises . '' 
 `` anything to help . 
 i thought i 'd invite you out to lunch , '' he said . 
 `` you must be ready for some company after spending the last few days with your aunt . '' 
 the morning 's pecan waffles were a distant memory , but the knowledge that she had eaten an entire day 's worth of calories in one sitting lingered . 
 she really did n't want to be home when nina and daisy returned , craving time away from the large entourage that accompanied nina everywhere . 
 besides , she might enlist larry in her search . 
 gretchen laughed . 
 `` only if you promise not to bring any dogs along . '' 
 `` deal , '' he said . 
 __________ the menu at garcia 's mexican restaurant , which was situated at the base of camelback mountain on a busy stretch of camelback road , featured some of gretchen 's favorite foods , and she found it difficult to decide what to order . 
 the menu read like a good book -- cheese quesadillas , one of the best guacamole dips in the valley , chicken tortilla soup -- the endless list tempted and teased . 
 a perfect pick-me-up after her close call with the onset of major depression . 
 dieting could wait . 
 she ordered shrimp tacos and a non-alcoholic margarita and larry followed suit . 
 gretchen briefly wondered how nina and daisy were getting along . 
 she hoped nina would n't be too distressed when she read the note gretchen carefully remembered to leave for her explaining lunch with larry . 
 she missed her cell phone terribly . 
 larry apprised her of the status of the repair work . 
 he had offered customers the option of waiting for caroline to return , and many had opted to do exactly that , insisting that no one else could handle the work as well as she could . 
 many had heard the rumors and expressed concern for her safety . 
 `` she has a loyal following , '' he said . 
 `` three customers were in a panic because they had committed the dolls to shows or to one of their customers . 
 i finished the last one yesterday . 
 do you think she 'll come back soon ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . 
 she still has n't contacted me . 
 have you heard about nacho ? '' 
 `` nacho ? '' 
 larry 's squinty eyes blinked rapidly `` i mean theodore brummer . 
 nacho is his nickname . 
 he confessed to martha 's murder . '' 
 the surprise on larry 's face surpassed her own astonishment when she first heard . 
 `` you 're joking , '' he said . 
 `` someone actually came forward and admitted to it ? '' 
 gretchen filled him in on the details she had learned from matt , careful to exclude any mention of keys or doll lists or burglaries . 
 mainly because she had lost the energy to revisit them , their stories too complex and convoluted . 
 perhaps later when she felt stronger , larry 's opinion would be helpful . 
 `` caroline can come home now , '' he said . 
 `` and clear her name . '' 
 `` that 's my hope . '' 
 `` if you hear from her , i 'd like to know . '' 
 `` you 'll be one of the first , '' gretchen assured him . 
 a whippet-thin , golden blonde carrying a prada handbag walked by as gretchen bit into her third shrimp taco . 
 she placed the rest of the taco on her plate , abruptly reminded of her commitment to lose a few pounds , and used her napkin to dab at the corners of her mouth . 
 `` i 'm free for awhile , '' larry said . 
 `` julia said i was underfoot and gave me the boot . 
 she 's in the middle of inventorying supplies in the back room , and she 's in a terrible mood . 
 i 'm at your service until it 's safe to go home . 
 where would you like to go ? '' 
 gretchen considered her options . 
 with nacho in custody for martha 's murder , she could direct all her efforts into locating her mother . 
 but where to start ? 
 then she remembered the laughing kewpie doll that bonnie had seen in joseph 's shop , the one bonnie insisted matched the description from martha 's inventory . 
 it was n't much of a lead , but it was the only one she had . 
 `` do you mind taking me to joseph 's dream dolls , '' she said . 
 `` he has a doll i 'd like to see . '' 
 `` not at all , '' larry said . 
 `` i 'm always interested in what the competition is up to . 
 wheeling and dealing is the name of the doll seller 's game . '' 
 `` can i use your phone , '' gretchen asked . 
 `` sorry to ask , but mine 's gone . '' 
 larry pulled a phone from a holder on his belt . 
 `` help yourself . '' 
 gretchen called her mother 's house but no one answered . 
 she left a message on the machine so nina would know that she was going to mesa to visit joseph . 
 she smiled to herself at the image of nina and daisy shopping together and wondered where nina had taken her newfound buddy . 
 probably not to the biltmore fashion park where she might run into bonnie . 
 a chance encounter would supply bonnie with enough gossip material for the next week . 
 no , nina would select a shopping mall far from the doll collecting crowd , one with the least chance of meeting a familiar face . 
 south phoenix or glendale , most likely . 
 she 'd be away for most of the afternoon . 
 gretchen felt slightly guilty for ditching nina , but her aunt slowed her down and more than anything , gretchen wanted this whole affair resolved as soon as possible . 
 she tried nina 's cell phone , but the voice mail prompt answered immediately indicating that nina was out of range or that she had turned off her phone . 
 she left the same message on the cell phone 's voice mail as she had at the house , but this time she included a hearty wish for a successful shopping trip . 
 __________ caroline leaned forward and stared at the computer screen . 
 on the run for so many days , rushing toward this precise moment while recklessly disregarding her own safety , she was aghast at the image before her . 
 she recoiled from the bitter truth . 
 blood drained from her face and , in the mirror hanging above the desk , her face appeared the same color as her silver hair , ghostly white , filled with pale fear . 
 she dialed numbers -- gretchen 's cell , gretchen 's boston apartment , nina 's numbers , steve 's office and home -- pounding the keys and finally , after listening to multiple mechanical voices suggesting that she leave a message , she threw the offending phone against the motel wall . 
 get a grip on your emotions , she thought . 
 you 're exhausted , but now is not the time to collapse . 
 caroline stumbled through the motions of packing up her few belongings , tossing the phone into her purse , and closing her laptop . 
 she dialed the front desk and requested a cab while planes roared overhead . 
 tucking her silver hair under the baseball cap , she refused to worry about nacho or nina or her daughter , earlier fear of the unknown transforming into intense anger . 
 she was on her way back to phoenix with the proof she needed to save her life and to avenge martha 's death . 
 chapter 25 gretchen could n't help measuring the success of the two very different doll dealers . 
 larry struggled to keep his business open , and the physical stress showed on his face as a nervous twitch . 
 joseph , diamonds glistening in his pierced ears and wearing flamboyant garb , enjoyed a thriving business and enormous success , if the number of customers in his shop was a reasonable indicator . 
 location , location , location . 
 it really did matter . 
 joseph 's dream dolls was part of a booming new shopping mall in a bustling section of mesa with heavy walk-by traffic . 
 who could resist a front window brimming with smiling dolls ? 
 on the other hand , larry and julia 's china doll shop sat in a near-empty out-dated mall with a straggling of aging but loyal customers . 
 gretchen wished the best for larry and julia and made a mental note to visit their shop soon and make a purchase . 
 perhaps it was time for them to consider moving to a better location . 
 larry and joseph eyed each other like boxers in a ring , and gretchen thought it must feel strange for joseph to know that his competition was taking in all the details of his shop and assigning a grade . 
 gretchen thought joseph would earn the highest score possible , a ten on a scale of one to ten . 
 his store had pizzazz . 
 he knew how to set up his displays to show off his dolls to the best possible advantage . 
 the first thing he mentioned after greeting them was nacho 's arrest , having learned the news through a courtesy phone call from detective albright . 
 `` relieved to finally put an end to the whole awful business , '' joseph said . 
 `` maybe now they can release her body . '' 
 his fingers fluttered over a display , edging pieces into new positions , moving a doll over by a space so infinitesimally small gretchen wondered why he bothered . 
 `` i knew your mother was innocent , '' he said . 
 `` i just knew it . '' 
 larry wandered away , studying the shop with intensity , stopping to observe the woman behind the cash register who wore a bright bow in her hair and looked like an ideal tammy doll herself . 
 details everywhere , even in the staffing , not a trick of the trade missed . 
 gretchen lowered her voice and said to joseph , `` i 'd like to look at your kewpie dolls . 
 i 'm thinking of one as a gift for nina . '' 
 joseph looked surprised . 
 `` i did n't know nina collected dolls . 
 well , that 's marvelous . 
 i always wondered how she could survive as a member of your family without taking part . 
 right this way . '' 
 smiling kewpies covered a section of the back wall . 
 kewpies in every imaginable pose , lying down , holding baskets , wearing costumes . 
 `` there 's a strong market for kewpies , '' joseph said . 
 `` it 's a good choice for a gift , because it will never depreciate . '' 
 gretchen scanned the grouping without finding the blunderboo that bonnie had described . 
 `` i was hoping for something very special . 
 she 's done a lot for me . '' 
 `` i have just the thing over here in a locked cabinet with all my distinctive pieces . 
 it 's costly though . 
 i 'm not sure you should spend that kind of money for a first-time collector . '' 
 joseph laughed . 
 `` listen to me , trying to talk a customer out of a sale . '' 
 larry joined them as they approached a large glass cabinet . 
 gretchen spotted the blunderboo immediately , its laughing baby face lighting up the entire grouping , the red heart label prominent on his naked , chubby body . 
 joseph unlocked the cabinet and carefully deposited the kewpie in gretchen 's hand . 
 `` blunderboo , the clumsy kewpie , '' he said . 
 `` forever tripping over himself . '' 
 `` it 's marvelous . 
 where did you acquire it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 joseph turned away , refusing to meet gretchen 's eyes , and began to arrange the other dolls within the cabinet . 
 `` at an estate sale , '' he muttered . 
 `` most of my dolls are purchased through auctions or estate sales . '' 
 was bonnie mistaken ? 
 or had the doll really belonged to martha at one time ? 
 why would joseph tell her that the doll had been purchased at an estate sale if martha had given the doll to him ? 
 he 'd have no reason to misrepresent the facts . 
 `` someone told me that martha had owned a kewpie like this one , '' she said . 
 gretchen thought she saw joseph flinch . 
 `` who told you that ? '' 
 larry said from behind gretchen . 
 `` i do n't remember , '' gretchen said . 
 `` well , '' joseph said , `` it was n't this kewpie . '' 
 gretchen glanced at the price tag and handed the doll to joseph . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' she said . 
 `` he 's beautiful . '' 
 joseph locked the kewpie in the cabinet and placed the key in his pocket . 
 `` i 'm still looking for my mother , '' gretchen said . 
 `` if you have any ideas where she might be , please let me know . '' 
 `` sorry , gretchen . 
 i have n't heard a thing . '' 
 walking out into the intense sun , gretchen knew that joseph had lied to her . 
 he 'd lied the first time she visited the shop when he claimed no knowledge of the disposition of martha 's dolls , and he 'd lied again today . 
 joseph was worth serious consideration as a suspect in martha 's murder . 
 had he killed his aunt for her doll collection ? 
 was that why he had become successful ? 
 by selling off martha 's valuable dolls ? 
 just then , nina pulled up to the curb with daisy in the passenger seat wearing a purple sundress and a floppy red hat that covered her bandaged head . 
 she rolled the window down and waved . 
 `` look at me . 
 i 'm like a new person , real movie star material in this getup . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 gretchen said , bending down and peering at nina . 
 `` we got your message , '' nina said , not looking especially happy . 
 `` and we were shopping right down the street . '' 
 `` you came all the way to mesa for your shopping spree ? 
 i thought you 'd head in the other direction . '' 
 gretchen grinned and turned to larry . 
 `` thanks for lunch . 
 i 'll hitch a ride home with nina . '' 
 larry blinked rapidly in the glare from the sun , continuing to stand on the sidewalk , apparently reluctant to return to his own shop and julia 's battlefield tactics . 
 `` i 've got to go now , '' gretchen said . 
 `` see you ladies later , '' he said , walking slowly to his car . 
 `` get in the back , '' nina said to gretchen , and she slid in with the dogs , accepting her punishment for forcing daisy 's company on nina . 
 nina slung an arm over the back of the seat and stared solemnly at gretchen . 
 `` you have the blackest aura surrounding you that i think i 've ever seen around a human being . 
 are you feeling okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` if you are n't feeling it yet , it must be a gathering force . 
 the outlook is scaring me . '' 
 gretchen felt cold in spite of the heat , and in spite of her personal opinion about nina 's psychic experiences . 
 none of her predictions had exactly panned out so far . 
 if nina were an oilfield geologist , they 'd be drilling a multitude of expensive dry holes . 
 `` i agree with you about gretchen 's aura , '' daisy said to nina as they pulled out . 
 `` and i see exactly what you mean . 
 it 's a bad one . '' 
 nina looked over at daisy and scowled . 
 __________ `` what if ... '' gretchen said , scrubbing at the red paint crusted on the workshop floor with paint thinner and an old rag , `` ... we 've missed the meaning of the note found in martha 's hand . '' 
 `` the one with caroline 's name on it that said to put her away ? '' 
 nina leaned back against a stool and watched gretchen clean up . 
 daisy , exhaustion etched across her face , had gone to the spare bedroom to rest . 
 `` by the way , '' nina said . 
 `` i decided to shop in mesa , the opposite direction of the rescue mission , so i could tell daisy that we did n't have time to pick up her shopping cart , that we were too far away . 
 she got so excited over the clothes that she did n't even mention the cart . '' 
 `` the police assumed martha left the note as an accusation , '' gretchen said , focused on her line of thought , concentrating so nina would n't distract her . 
 `` what if my mother was helping martha ? 
 the note could have referred to putting away the french fashion doll . 
 we know she had the doll because she wrote it in the note to nacho . 
 she said she had it but he had to hide the trunk because it was too large for her to hide easily . 
 if she did n't take it with her , where would she have hidden it ? '' 
 nina hopped from the stool , excitement flushing her face . 
 `` i have a feeling about that . 
 it 's getting stronger . '' 
 she cocked her head to the side as if listening to something beyond gretchen 's range of sound and clapped her hands together . 
 `` the doll is close by , probably somewhere in the house . '' 
 `` where in the house ? '' 
 `` you 're expecting way too much detail , '' nina said , exasperated . 
 `` is n't it enough to know we 're on the right track ? 
 let 's start looking . '' 
 `` the police searched the workshop thoroughly . 
 it would n't be in here . '' 
 `` caroline 's bedroom then . 
 come on . '' 
 gretchen and nina attacked the house with gusto , nina driven by her need to prove that her psychic abilities were real . 
 gretchen 's personal belief was that her mother had the doll with her wherever she had gone , but gretchen had run out of options . 
 searching the house kept her body in motion , made her feel as though she was moving forward instead of stagnating . 
 the search moved slowly , both women working together fluidly but without results . 
 with one room left to search , nina tapped gently at daisy 's door . 
 she opened it a crack when she did n't receive a response . 
 daisy was sprawled across the bed , sound asleep . 
 they tiptoed in and searched the room without awakening daisy . 
 `` she 's still recovering from the surgery , '' nina whispered . 
 `` i should n't have kept her out as long as i did . '' 
 before they finished , gretchen moved close enough to satisfy herself that daisy was still breathing . 
 she had n't moved since they started the search . 
 gretchen watched her chest rise softly . 
 after a thorough search of the last room in the house , they collapsed on the living room sofa with nothing to show for their efforts . 
 the only consolation , gretchen thought , is that arizona homes do n't have basements or attics . 
 otherwise they 'd be at it the rest of the day and all night with possibly the same discouraging news in the end . 
 nothing . 
 they had unearthed absolutely nothing . 
 zip , nada , zilch , zero . 
 nina pulled off her shoes and rubbed her feet . 
 `` i really thought i had it right this time . '' 
 gretchen scratched the part of her left hand protruding from the cast and assumed the intense itching inside the cast meant her wrist was healing . 
 `` why are we bothering to look for it anyway ? 
 nacho has confessed . 
 my mother will come home eventually , and the police will drop the charges against her . 
 it 's simple . 
 there is no urgency anymore . '' 
 `` ha , '' nina said , mockingly . 
 `` your aura is still black . 
 we have to continue what 's begun , and we have to understand it , or you 're in big trouble . '' 
 `` okay , then , '' gretchen said to humor nina . 
 `` put on your shoes and follow me . '' 
 the pool water glistened in the sun , reflecting patterns and images cast by the towering palms and exotic shrubbery . 
 the only sound came from the hum of the air-conditioning unit as gretchen padded along on her way to the cabana . 
 the july sun sizzled on her skin , and she found herself struggling for breath in the hot , airless vacuum . 
 the water mesmerized gretchen , reminding her of the recent trek through the flooded streets and the skill with which nacho had concealed his home . 
 she noted a chameleon lounging on the side of the adobe wall , its skin color fusing into its background , effectively hiding it from watchful predators . 
 she remembered again the easter basket hunts of her youth . 
 if caroline had hidden a doll somewhere in her home , no one would be able to find it . 
 no one except her daughter , who had played this arcane game with enthusiasm and appreciation . 
 the silence and emptiness of the cabana weighed on gretchen . 
 one section of the room she 'd been so fond of now resembled a storage unit , filled with her mother 's boxes of sale dolls . 
 the room brought back memories of her past visits . 
 she longed to return to one of those times , to pretend her mother was busy in her workshop , humming while restringing an old doll after giving it a renewing bath . 
 she imagined her mother putting away the doll repairing tools and seeking out gretchen , conversations filled with love and caring and companionship . 
 `` we 've already gone through these boxes , '' nina said , bringing gretchen back to the moment . 
 `` it is n't in any of them . '' 
 `` i know , '' gretchen said , scanning the room , her eyes sweeping over clay pottery and potted cacti . 
 she bent and peered up the chimney then pulled a small television set from a built-in shelf and checked behind it . 
 she walked into the bathroom . 
 nothing here except stationary bathroom fixtures and an overhead cabinet set above the sink . 
 two towels rolled up , stacked neatly inside the cabinet , entirely filled the space . 
 gretchen removed the towels and stared at the back of the cabinet . 
 her heart pounded , because she remembered everything about the cabana and she remembered the cabinet . 
 plenty of room inside , last time she visited , for a large stack of assorted towels , bath , hand , and face . 
 her fingers pushed gently on the back of the cabinet , pressing and exploring , and she felt the wall give slightly . 
 she pushed on a corner and the backing moved . 
 gretchen heard nina gasp behind her as she forced her fingers under the false wall and pulled the backing toward her , exposing a compartment . 
 like nacho 's hidden home , the cabinet interior had been designed to deceive the casual observer . 
 from behind the wall , gretchen removed a package wrapped in fabric the size of the doll she sought , along with another parcel , smaller and denser . 
 gretchen had found the french fashion doll . 
 __________ the landing gear whined into place as the plane rapidly descended over the familiar desert landscape . 
 caroline braced herself and waited for the plane to touch down . 
 finding a flight home had been more difficult than she 'd anticipated . 
 the first flights she checked were filled to capacity . 
 in july , she thought . 
 who flies willingly into phoenix in july , where the day 's temperature , according to the pilot , hovered around one hundred and seventeen degrees ? 
 her plan was simple . 
 a cab ride home , since she assumed her car had been properly disposed of . 
 she would remove the hastily fashioned wall containing the french fashion doll and the accompanying pictures and inventory . 
 those items and the information stored on her computer were the only things she needed . 
 the inspector had been caught unaware . 
 the end was near . 
 chapter 26 the picture had n't done her justice . 
 a photograph , in gretchen 's mind , was never able to re-create the splendor and beauty the photographer hoped to capture . 
 the doll 's delicate bisque features , unflawed in any way , shone with charm , her green cascading costume sumptuous and accurately portraying the dress fashion of her historical era . 
 a circle and dot on the back of her neck established her bru heritage . 
 gretchen marveled at the craftsmanship and at this rare opportunity to hold the doll in her hands . 
 nina unwrapped the second package , and photographs spilled out onto the kitchen table . 
 gretchen carefully laid the french fashion doll down on the sofa and picked up a sheet of paper . 
 `` look , '' she said . 
 `` martha 's old inventory of dolls . 
 and pictures of each . '' 
 she shuffled through the photographs , noting bisque dolls from various french and german makers , several fashion dolls , bébés , character dolls , dolly-faced dolls , cloth dolls , wooden dolls . 
 gretchen was stunned by the number of quality dolls in the collection . 
 reading the inventory days ago did n't have the same impact that viewing the pictures did . 
 she turned over a photograph . 
 the doll 's written description , transposed from the inventory list , was sprawled across the back of the picture . 
 gretchen studied the date stamp on the back , the same as the date stamp on the back of the french fashion doll photograph . 
 picking up the inventory list , she scanned it , running her index finger along the entries . 
 she stopped at a listing . 
 `` nina , '' she said , breathlessly . 
 `` this inventory list is different from the one the police found in the workshop . '' 
 `` how do you know , '' nina asked . 
 `` what 's different ? '' 
 `` well , to begin with , the bru french fashion doll is listed right here . '' 
 she dragged the paper across the table , careful to keep her finger placed next to the appropriate listing . 
 `` it was n't part of the other inventory . 
 i remember commenting on that at the time . 
 we thought martha must have forgotten to update the list . '' 
 while nina looked it over , she hurried to her mother 's bedroom and returned with her copy of the inventory . 
 a cross-comparison of the two lists exposed several inconsistencies , aside from a difference in the font used to print the lists . 
 the list found in the cabana appeared to have been composed on an old-fashioned typewriter ; the one found in the workshop was laser-printed from a computer word processor . 
 the fashion doll was n't the only doll excluded from the first list . 
 `` a china madame rohmer wearing a cream dress with blue feathers is also missing , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and a french jumeau bébé holding a steiff monkey . '' 
 gretchen continued along the list . 
 `` here 's the kewpie that joseph said he purchased through an estate sale . '' 
 nina shuffled through the photographs . 
 `` i found pictures of those three , '' she said , holding up the pictures . 
 `` but why are n't they included in the list from the workshop ? '' 
 gretchen said , confused . 
 `` why two different lists ? '' 
 `` maybe the second list is a more current inventory , '' nina suggested . 
 gretchen shook her head . 
 `` if that were true , the dolls ' descriptions missing from the first list would be entered together at the end of the second list . 
 they are n't . 
 the list is in order by dates of purchase . 
 the french fashion doll was purchased early in her collection . 
 she would n't have forgotten it . '' 
 gretchen laid the two lists side by side . 
 `` no . 
 someone tampered with the first list , the one the police found in the workshop . '' 
 nina picked up the fashion doll and gently touched the white daisies on her straw hat . 
 gretchen found another conflicting entry . 
 `` here 's another one that did n't appear on the first list . 
 she read the entry out loud . 
 `` jumeau triste doll , circa . 
 1875 , composition and jointed wood body , real hair wig , thirty-three inches . '' 
 she shuffled through the pictures , checking the back of each until she found the matching description . 
 the dark-haired doll with the thick eyebrows must be worth a nice sum , she thought . 
 `` let 's assume that nacho planted the parian doll and the inventory list to throw suspicion on my mother , '' gretchen said to nina . 
 `` for some reason he wanted the police to view her as the prime suspect , so he hid the dolls and made an anonymous call to the police . '' 
 `` there is n't any other explanation , since we know she 's innocent , '' nina said . 
 `` right , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and let 's assume that martha williams saved her entire collection after all . '' 
 `` that 's a stretch , '' nina said . 
 `` look at how she lived . 
 she would n't have lived that way if she had thousands and thousands of dollars worth of dolls . '' 
 `` she would have lived that way if she was emotionally disturbed , and the indications are pretty strong that she had emotional issues . 
 she also had a drinking problem . 
 and she was obsessed with her dolls . '' 
 `` okay , let 's pretend that she managed to keep her dolls when she lost her house . 
 then what ? '' 
 `` nacho knew she had them and wanted to steal them , '' gretchen said . 
 `` she was killed for her dolls , not for a bottle of whisky , as he said . 
 and he wanted to frame my mother for martha 's murder . '' 
 `` and the reason for two different lists ? '' 
 gretchen frowned as she stared at one picture after another . 
 the explanation had to be in her hand . 
 `` because he did n't want anyone to know about those five dolls . '' 
 `` that does n't make sense . '' 
 `` yes , it does . 
 i 'm not an appraiser , though . 
 we need to get april over here , but i 'm guessing that the dolls excluded from the first list are the most valuable dolls in the collection . 
 only he does n't have those dolls for some reason . 
 otherwise he 'd be gone instead of breaking into collector 's homes . 
 those dolls are missing . 
 and those are the ones that matter to him . 
 he does n't want anyone to know they exist . '' 
 `` so nacho was searching for the french fashion doll and these other dolls you just mentioned . '' 
 `` correct , '' gretchen said . 
 `` is my theory holding together so far ? '' 
 nina nodded , lost in thought . 
 `` nacho turned himself in for the murder , '' gretchen said . 
 `` and since we 're assuming , let 's assume that he did kill martha . 
 his motive is much greater than he 'd like us to believe , but why continue to hide information after he admitted that he killed her ? 
 to tell you the truth , even with a recorded confession i have a hard time accepting his guilt . '' 
 `` why , '' nina asked , slowly , `` would he go to all the trouble of planting evidence against caroline , almost kill daisy , and then turn himself in ? '' 
 `` because he did n't do it , '' daisy said from the doorway , her head wrapped in bandages and tears in her eyes . 
 `` he would n't do it . '' 
 __________ daisy slumped over the worktable , her head held in her hands as though it was too heavy to carry , and listened silently while gretchen repeated what she knew of nacho 's confession and arrest . 
 the dogs wandered in , spotted daisy , and bounded over , with wobbles following at a discreet distance . 
 daisy perked up at the sight of them and bent to stroke each one . 
 `` nacho would n't harm martha , '' she said . 
 `` he loved her more than anything in the world . 
 not that she deserved it . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure he did n't kill her ? '' 
 nina said . 
 `` because he 's the gentlest human being i 've ever known . 
 he helps everybody he meets . 
 his only problem is his drinking . 
 he speaks all kinds of languages , which is pretty amazing . 
 he 's not so gruff once you get to know him . 
 he would n't hurt a flying cockroach . '' 
 `` maybe he drinks because of that cancerous tumor on his head , '' nina suggested . 
 `` that is n't cancer , '' daisy said . 
 `` he says he 's had it his whole life . '' 
 `` why would nacho confess to a crime he did n't commit ? '' 
 gretchen asked , lifting each picture and studying it before adding it to a pile on the worktable . 
 `` he 's protecting someone , '' daisy said with confidence , confirming gretchen 's own suspicions that he was creating a smoke screen . 
 possibly so the real culprit would remain undiscovered . 
 something about the dolls ' pictures bothered gretchen , tugged at her memory in a disturbing way . 
 what was she missing ? 
 `` have you heard of somebody called the inspector ? '' 
 nina asked daisy , scooping nimrod onto her lap . 
 `` martha complained about someone she called the inspector . '' 
 daisy waved dismissively . 
 `` martha had names for everyone . 
 she called me marilyn monroe because i want to be in the movies . '' 
 she knit her brow in concentration . 
 `` i do n't remember any inspector though . '' 
 `` maybe she meant april . 
 she 's an inspector of dolls , if you think about it . '' 
 nina stared into space . 
 `` gretchen , let 's not get april over here to see this collection until we can eliminate her as a suspect . 
 the more i think of it , the more likely it is that april was the inspector . 
 are you paying any attention , gretchen ? '' 
 after hearing her name for the second time , gretchen glanced blankly at nina . 
 `` there 's something about the pictures , '' she muttered , tossing those in her hand onto the table . 
 `` something familiar . 
 i 've seen some of them someplace before . '' 
 `` yes , '' nina said , gesturing to the french fashion doll . 
 `` like this one , for example . 
 and the kewpie at joseph 's store . 
 and the one the police hauled away . 
 you have seen some of them . '' 
 gretchen frowned . 
 of course , nina was right . 
 `` we 've managed to do it again , '' nina announced . 
 `` we found more evidence against caroline , digging her grave by the shovelful . 
 this is one more thing we ca n't show to the police because it only proves what they already believe . '' 
 `` with friends like us ... '' nina said . 
 `` who needs enemies , '' daisy added , and they finished in synchronization and high-fived each other . 
 gretchen stared out the window at camelback mountain . 
 she had tentative answers for many of the problems surrounding the death of the alcoholic doll collector . 
 but she did n't have an explanation for one important question burning in her mind . 
 two witnesses saw her mother on the mountain when martha died . 
 what was she doing up there ? 
 __________ nina drove off for a prospective client appointment with all the dogs in tow , leaving gretchen to ponder the pictures before her in an attempt to find solid answers to fluid questions . 
 daisy , appearing worn and pallid , shuffled off to her room . 
 gretchen rummaged on the lower shelf of the workshop cabinet , removed the doll trunk , and gently reunited the doll with its trunk . 
 she closed the lid as the doorbell rang . 
 gretchen smelled chrome cologne as soon as she opened the door , wondering what bad news the detective carried with him . 
 she had his number . 
 he lured her in with feigned concern and a dazzling smile , then zapped her with the current turn of affairs , which was never advantageous for her . 
 she cringed to think of what he had to say this time . 
 yet she had to know . 
 she panicked briefly when she thought of the french fashion doll 's trunk and the assorted pictures lying in plain view in the workshop , but then remembered his phobia . 
 he 'd be the last one to suggest they meet in a workshop brimming with dolls and assorted doll parts . 
 `` since you seem to thrive on exercising in horrific heat , '' he said . 
 `` i thought you might like to take a walk . 
 as long as we do n't go that way . '' 
 he motioned up at camelback mountain . 
 `` uphill and hot do n't mix well with me , but there are two kids selling lemonade down the street and i 'd like to buy you one . 
 my treat . '' 
 gretchen slid through the door and closed it behind her . 
 `` sounds like just the thing . '' 
 they walked up the street , turned the corner , and bought two lemonades from the young entrepreneurs . 
 the sun , slowly descending in the west , filled the sky with streaks of brilliant orange . 
 gretchen wondered where the day had gone . 
 it would be dark in an hour or so . 
 they started walking back to the house . 
 `` any word from your mother ? '' 
 matt asked , sipping from a straw . 
 `` no , '' gretchen said . 
 `` sometimes i 'm filled with dread thinking she 's dead and will never return . 
 other times i think she 's okay and expect her to walk in the door any minute . 
 i ca n't understand how she could simply disappear without contacting me . '' 
 `` your feelings are n't unusual , '' matt said . 
 `` in my job i see people all the time who are dealing with the same issues you are . 
 besides , i have irrefutable proof that your mother is alive . '' 
 blood rushed to gretchen 's head , and her heart began to beat so loud she thought he would hear it . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` caroline birch requested a credit card transaction for a large sum of money . 
 so large that the credit card service required verbal approval from her . 
 we traced the call to a motel near o’hare international airport . '' 
 `` she went to chicago ? '' 
 gretchen was incredulous . 
 `` she purchased a doll online for an exorbitant amount of money . '' 
 anger flashed through gretchen . 
 after the relief of knowing her mother was safe , gretchen felt an intense anger toward her . 
 `` she 's out buying dolls while i 'm worried sick about her ? '' 
 `` everything i 'm telling you right now is confidential , '' matt said . 
 `` i 'm giving you a heads-up because of our family friendships , but you ca n't interfere with the arrest process . '' 
 `` are n't you worried that i 'll find a way to warn her ? '' 
 `` she 's on a plane as we speak , '' matt said , glancing at his watch . 
 `` she 'll be landing in less than an hour . 
 two plain-clothed agents are waiting at the gate , and they have orders to arrest her quietly . 
 we do n't want a spectacle in the airport . '' 
 gretchen felt light-headed . 
 her steps slowed . 
 `` this is her opportunity to clear her name , '' he said quietly . 
 a squad car slid along and parked in front of the house . 
 an officer got out , hitching his belt . 
 `` he has orders to make sure you stay in the house until further notice . '' 
 matt nodded to the officer . 
 `` you ca n't hold me hostage , '' gretchen said , aghast . 
 `` this is n't a police state . '' 
 `` arrest her if she tries to leave , '' he said to the officer and hurried to his car . 
 `` i have to go to the airport to meet your mother when her plane lands . '' 
 the inspector , gretchen thought , watching the blue chevy make a u-turn . 
 is n't that what the english called their detectives ? 
 __________ gretchen 's eyes were riveted to the empty workbench . 
 the french fashion doll , the trunk , the inventory list , and all the pictures were gone . 
 that explained why the patio doors stood wide open and hot air billowed in . 
 someone had entered the house through the back . 
 the air-conditioning unit whirled into motion to compensate for the increase in temperature . 
 then gretchen saw it . 
 she picked up a rumpled piece of paper lying where the fashion doll had lain a short while ago . 
 meet me on the mountain . 
 you know where . 
 i 'll explain everything . 
 and hurry . 
 mom gretchen felt an enormous weight crushing her chest and concentrated on breathing slowly . 
 the handwriting appeared to belong to her mother , although obviously rushed . 
 how could matt have been so wrong about her time of arrival ? 
 she must have eluded his efforts to spring the trap by taking an earlier flight . 
 gretchen sprinted to the bedroom , grabbed her binoculars , and returned to the workshop window . 
 a few hikers on the mountain , aware that the sun was rapidly setting , descended from the heights and began traveling earthward . 
 only one climber continued upward . 
 gretchen sighted in the binoculars for a clearer view . 
 the departing sun 's shadows splayed across the red cliffs of camelback mountain , darkening gretchen 's visibility through the binoculars . 
 but she made out one distinguishing feature . 
 her mother 's shoulder-length silver hair gleamed in a ray of light as she climbed with her back to gretchen . 
 the light shifted away , the color in her hair faded , but her daughter had recognized her in that brief moment . 
 gretchen struggled to understand her mother 's actions . 
 why did she take the doll and climb the mountain ? 
 what was going on ? 
 the only path to the truth was up . 
 she had to meet her mother and demand an explanation , had to hear her reason for running away . 
 then she had to convince her to turn herself in . 
 with a good lawyer and gretchen beside her , they would overcome this obstacle just as they had survived her mother 's cancer scare . 
 she remembered the police officer stationed outside . 
 the only way out of the house would be through the backyard and over the adobe wall . 
 gretchen sized up the wall , a good six feet high , and frantically looked around for something to stand on or to climb with . 
 a kiva log ladder in the living room with a decorative runner draped over its rungs would work perfectly . 
 she flung the cotton runner aside and hurried past the pool with the ladder in her good hand . 
 bracing it against the wall , she climbed the rungs , then , with incredible effort , given her broken wrist , she pulled her body the rest of the way up and dropped over the other side . 
 she loped up to the trailhead and passed the posted safety warnings while she scanned the ledges above her . 
 the last of the straggling hikers passed as she veered to the left and began the steep climb up summit trail . 
 the only thing on her mind was her reunion with her mother . 
 twilight descended quickly in the desert but gretchen 's eyesight adjusted readily to the change . 
 perhaps her mother did n't realize the dangers of being on the mountain after dark . 
 they would have time to descend safely as long as she had n't gone all the way to the top . 
 gretchen doubted that . 
 the few times they had hiked the mountain together their goal had been a point on the enormous boulder . 
 the same one that attracted all the tourists and offered a splendid view of phoenix and the valley below . 
 the boulder towered ahead , rising like an obelisk before her . 
 she scurried up until she stood on its highest point . 
 her mother was nowhere in sight . 
 right when she decided she must have been wrong about their meeting place , she heard a voice softly call her name . 
 she twirled around on the ledge and stared with dawning terror at the image before her . 
 it was n't her mother standing back in the shadows of the mountain . 
 too late , she remembered where she had seen one of the dolls in the picture . 
 chapter 27 gretchen stared in horror as larry gerney stepped from his protected position against the mountain rocks , a gun hanging loosely at his side . 
 strands of hair from the silver wig he wore blew in the gentle breeze , reminding her of her mother . 
 or a caricature of her mother . 
 the picture should have warned her . 
 she remembered picking up the schoehut wooden doll and admiring it in the back room of the china doll shop . 
 at the time , she had noted the slight crack around its nose and she remembered that larry had watched her intently . 
 the wooden doll 's picture was among those she had found hidden behind the false cabinet wall . 
 one of martha 's . 
 larry 's financial problems and the threat of losing his doll business could be strong motives for stealing valuable dolls and murdering martha . 
 his talent for making human-hair wigs was exhibited in the intricately fashioned replica of her mother 's own hair that he wore on his head . 
 the hikers who had witnessed caroline 's descent from the mountain must have pointed accusatory fingers based solely on the color of her hair . 
 as larry walked toward her with a gleam of triumph in his madly blinking eyes , everything fell into place . 
 he was the inspector . 
 another epiphany realized too late . 
 inspector dreyfus , clouseau 's boss in the pink panther , had been driven crazy by clouseau 's bumbling antics , resulting in wildly twitching eyes just like larry 's . 
 martha had made a mockery of larry 's involuntary facial spasms by comparing him to a slapstick comedy character . 
 `` you had to interfere , '' larry said without emotion . 
 quietly . 
 `` you could n't leave well enough alone . '' 
 `` all i want is to find my mother . 
 i do n't care about the dolls . '' 
 gretchen stole a glance at the ledge she stood on . 
 too close to the vertical drop . 
 she edged away from the precipice toward larry . 
 `` the dolls . 
 yes , thank you for finding the french fashion doll . 
 i searched caroline 's house several times and could n't find it . '' 
 gretchen thought of the times larry had offered to check on the animals as she sat at the hospital waiting for news . 
 of the unlocked door and her personal items slightly out of place . 
 of how easily he could have planted the parian doll while feigning concern . 
 `` you tipped off the police , '' she said . 
 `` you told them about martha 's doll and the list . '' 
 larry grinned , pleased with himself , while gretchen tried not to stare at the gun in his hand . 
 `` martha entrusted all her dolls to me while she slowly drank herself to death . 
 always talking about how she 'd get a place of her own again and take them back . 
 my business dying with well over a million dollars ' worth of dolls wasting away in the storage room . '' 
 larry 's mouth contorted in contempt . 
 `` i sold one of her dolls to pay the rent and keep afloat a little longer . 
 i did n't expect her to notice , but she did . 
 she started stealing them back , if you can believe that , and i had to stop her . '' 
 `` what does any of this have to do with my mother ? '' 
 gretchen asked . 
 `` caroline helped her . 
 i got that much out of that drunken sad excuse for a human being . '' 
 larry 's eyes flickered , his hand that held the gun seemed unsteady . 
 `` the pathetic woman begged me to let her go , thinking she could buy her life in exchange for information . 
 she told me she had hidden the jumeau triste doll at bonnie 's house one day when she was away . 
 i do n't fault bonnie for that . 
 but caroline ... '' larry looked off over the city lights . 
 `` caroline willingly aided martha in destroying me . 
 now it 's my turn to destroy her . 
 i followed them one night when they drove out to joseph 's , and i saw them give him the kewpie . 
 caroline should have minded her own business , just as you should have . '' 
 `` so you made the silver wig and wore it when you killed martha . '' 
 gretchen felt cold fingers of fear . 
 pale , chilly fear . 
 `` i thought i could get to martha before she gave the doll to caroline , but i was too late . 
 caroline had already hidden the most valuable doll in the collection . 
 i do n't care about the rest of the dolls . 
 i 'll wait until this all dies down , and i 'll sell them in the future , one by one . 
 i can wait . 
 but i need some cash to get by , and the french fashion doll is my ticket . '' 
 that 's why he needed to alter the list , gretchen realized . 
 he needed to sell off some of the dolls , and he did n't want them traced back to martha 's collection . 
 he came closer . 
 `` i thought i killed caroline when her car left the road . 
 i thought , what a break to see her on the highway . 
 what an opportunity . 
 eliminate the prime suspect in the murder investigation . 
 closed case with all the pieces in place . '' 
 `` it must have been quite a surprise to find out you almost killed daisy . '' 
 gretchen glanced around for an escape route or something to use as a weapon . 
 she was trapped between the ledge hanging over a sheer drop and a determined killer with a gun . 
 `` it does n't matter anymore . 
 caroline strikes again , as you can see . '' 
 larry patted the wig with his hand . 
 `` a double murderess . 
 or make that triple , because i hate to inform you but your dear aunt is next . 
 i assume she knows about the french fashion doll as well , and i consider that deadly information . '' 
 `` my mother 's been arrested , '' gretchen said , desperately . 
 `` you wo n't get away with this . '' 
 `` it 's time for you to take a little dive , '' larry smirked , gesturing with the gun . 
 `` i dislike noise , and would prefer not using this little toy , but i found it in caroline 's closet . 
 was n't that convenient for me ? 
 one more piece of incriminating evidence against her . '' 
 gretchen thought she saw movement in the gloom , a flash of motion behind larry . 
 coyotes would be on the prowl as darkness swept over the desert . 
 and mountain lions . 
 a dark shadow loomed up behind them . 
 gretchen hoped it was n't a mountain lion . 
 cougars were known for occasional attacks on humans , usually young children and dogs , but occasionally an adult . 
 a fist-sized rock flew through the air and hit larry on the side of his head . 
 his head snapped forward , surprise registering on his face as he raised his left hand to his face . 
 he spun away from gretchen and fired . 
 another rock flew out of the gloom , soaring straight and true , striking larry in the face . 
 gretchen , aware that this might be her only chance , hit the ground and rolled away from the ledge , toward a pile of rocks . 
 larry fired wildly into the dark , unable to see his attacker . 
 another rock . 
 another direct hit to his face . 
 larry had temporarily forgotten about gretchen , intent on stopping the assault . 
 he fired several more times . 
 gretchen 's hand found a jagged rock the size of her palm . 
 she rose and hurled it , striking him in the back . 
 another large rock sailed from the shadows . 
 the onslaught drove larry backward toward the ledge while gretchen continued to edge away . 
 his head jerked in her direction , and he aimed the gun at her . 
 she flinched as he pulled the trigger . 
 gretchen heard a click . 
 he tried to fire again . 
 another click . 
 realizing he had used the last bullet , he flung the gun at gretchen then took a step in her direction , stumbling to find a solid foothold . 
 another rock flew , and gretchen saw movement . 
 silver hair shone in the rising moonlight , and she expected to hear the moaning howl of a werewolf rising from the apparition . 
 the vision approached with the wrath of a mother bear protecting her cub . 
 then gretchen saw a goddess running forward , gretchen 's oasis in the desert sands . 
 gretchen 's hand found another rock , and she put everything she had into launching it . 
 `` i 'll kill you both , '' larry shouted , his face puffed with rage . 
 he took a step back , then another , lifting his arm to protect his face , teetering on the brink of the abyss . 
 another rock hit him , and he flung his arms overhead , struggling to maintain his balance . 
 his foot slipped from underneath him , and gretchen watched as he fell backwards over the edge . 
 his screams reverberated through the aptly named echo canyon as her mother 's arms encircled her . 
 gretchen cried for the first time since arriving in phoenix , all the anguish of the last week rising inside her and exploding outward . 
 she clung to the warmth of their shared embrace even after they began their descent from camelback mountain . 
 chapter 28 `` larry 's going to live , '' gretchen said when she hung up the phone , incredulous that anyone could survive that fall . 
 `` his back is broken , but he was conscious and he confessed . 
 the police released nacho this morning . '' 
 gretchen sat at the kitchen table with her mother and nina . 
 dogs and cats scampering underfoot . 
 caroline clamped her hand to her chest . 
 `` you ca n't imagine how frightened i was when i saw larry 's car parked next to the trailhead . 
 i knew he killed martha , and i was afraid of what i would find up there . 
 i never dreamed it was you . '' 
 she cupped gretchen 's hands in her own . 
 `` you saved my life , '' gretchen admitted . 
 `` i do n't know why i missed his car when i started the climb . 
 i must have run right past it . '' 
 `` you wanted so badly to believe that you were on your way to meet your mother , '' nina said . 
 `` you were n't thinking about anything else . '' 
 gretchen agreed . 
 `` i 'm glad the police released nacho . 
 they could have charged him with obstruction . '' 
 caroline took a sip of tea . 
 `` when i asked him to stall for time , i did n't expect him to take such a drastic step . 
 but that 's nacho ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 gretchen frowned . 
 `` why did martha have a note asking you to hide her french fashion doll if you already had the doll ? '' 
 `` i wondered about that also , '' caroline said . 
 `` martha left the doll in my workshop , and i think after she left , she must have realized that she forgot to leave the note . 
 she ran into larry on her way back , and he chased her up the trail , so she never had the chance to return and leave the note . '' 
 `` what about joseph , '' gretchen said . 
 `` why did he lie about the kewpie ? '' 
 `` i think he was simply afraid of involvement , '' caroline said . 
 `` he did n't want his name added to the list of suspects . '' 
 `` poor julia , '' nina said . 
 `` she did n't know a thing about it . 
 i do n't know how she 'll run the shop with larry in prison . '' 
 `` julia 's tough , '' caroline said . 
 `` and the club members will help her through it . '' 
 nina chuckled . 
 `` daisy almost fainted when she heard that she slept through all the excitement . '' 
 gretchen frowned in thought . 
 `` how did you get past the police at the airport ? 
 according to matt albright , officers were waiting for you . '' 
 caroline smiled . 
 `` i expected a welcoming committee and i really did n't want to explain from a jail cell so ... let 's just say that larry is n't the only one who knows how to throw together a disguise . 
 if bonnie 's son had n't spent so much time drinking lemonade with you , he would n't have been late , and he certainly would have recognized me the moment he saw me . 
 i managed to scoot right past those other officers . '' 
 `` i think matt likes you , '' nina said to me . 
 nimrod gave a little yip from his poodle purse on the doorknob . 
 `` look who 's awake , '' nina exclaimed . 
 `` he needs a home , gretchen . 
 his family decided a dog is too much commitment , since they travel extensively . 
 they asked me to find him a good home . '' 
 nina stared at gretchen with pleading eyes . 
 gretchen slid a peek at nimrod and his ears perked forward . 
 wobbles sat contentedly under nimrod and purse , watching over tutu and enrico . 
 `` look . '' 
 nina pointed out . 
 `` even wobbles likes nimrod . '' 
 gretchen , amazed that she would even consider owning a purse dog , grinned at nina . 
 she pushed back her chair and lifted the black curly teacup poodle from his traveling home . 
 `` okay , '' she said . 
 `` if wobbles says he approves . '' 
 wobbles , reserved with his comments , looked on . 
 `` he said yes , '' nina said . 
 `` i heard him through a special energy field . '' 
 caroline laughed , a deep , throaty roar . 
 `` it 's good to be home . '' 
 `` i have a new helper , '' nina said . 
 `` daisy 's interested in learning to train purse dogs . 
 you 're right , gretchen , she 's a natural . '' 
 caroline laughed again . 
 `` things have changed so much in one week . 
 gretchen 's here , we have a new houseguest in the spare bedroom , and the house is full of pet life . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't mind , '' gretchen said , realizing what an imposition she must be . 
 `` not at all . 
 i did n't know how lonely i 've been until i saw the house brimming with activity . '' 
 she glanced at gretchen . 
 `` why do n't you stay ? 
 we can clear out the cabana for you . 
 i have more repair work than i can keep up with , and you 're looking for a job . 
 stay and be my partner . '' 
 gretchen smiled awkwardly . 
 could she exchange her life in boston with its east coast sophistication and changing seasons for eternal heat and sun and transient neighbors ? 
 she 'd lived her entire life in boston , born and raised , and all her connections and roots were there . 
 except for her mother , who had yanked her roots up without a backward glance . 
 `` steve would n't appreciate it , '' gretchen said , lamely . 
 nina sighed deeply . 
 `` you two have to make the next step or change direction . 
 i 'm all for dumping him and starting over . '' 
 `` nina , '' caroline said . 
 `` this is n't your business . '' 
 gretchen left her mother and aunt bantering at the table and slid through the patio doors . 
 she sat on the edge of the pool , dangling her toes in the lukewarm water , the sun already a burning glow above . 
 she dialed steve 's cell phone and was surprised to hear his voice when she expected to connect to his voice mail . 
 `` my mother 's home , '' she said . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 `` has she been arrested ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the real murderer confessed . '' 
 steve blew a sigh of relief over the airwaves . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't show more support , but i had to distance myself until it was over . 
 if your family had been involved in that murder , it would have destroyed my chances for partnership . 
 you know how much that means to me . '' 
 gretchen knew exactly how much the partnership meant to him . 
 it meant enough that he had abandoned her at a time when she needed him the most . 
 seven years of work on this relationship . 
 how much did it mean to her ? 
 how much was she willing to sacrifice ? 
 and what about courtney , the intern ? 
 was steve willing to put the same effort into the relationship as she was ? 
 as much as she wanted to believe that he was committed , his actions spoke against him . 
 gretchen stared up at camelback mountain . 
 `` steve , '' she said , closing her eyes . 
 `` i 'm going to stay in arizona for awhile . 
 i need to sort out my priorities and decide what i want to do with my life . '' 
 the rest of the conversation was predictable . 
 steve , the divorce attorney , gave a brilliant closing argument . 
 `` no , '' gretchen said , surprising herself with the force of her conviction , with the forcefulness of that one small word . 
 aunt gertie 's parting words popped into her head . 
 stay strong . 
 `` my mind is made up . 
 i 'm staying . '' 
 the end sneak peek at goodbye dolly one gretchen birch stood next to the flatbed trailer parked in the driveway leading to the house and eyed the mounds of dolls . 
 howie howard , the auctioneer , worked the crowd like a harmonica tongue slap , all swinging elbows and agile , fluid mouth movements . 
 gretchen had a first-timer 's knot of nerves in her stomach the size and weight of a sunkist grapefruit . 
 `` do i hear twenty ? 
 there 's a two oh . 
 thirty . 
 forty . 
 fine box of dolls . '' 
 howie 's head bobbed like one of the swivel-head dolls boxed up in gretchen 's doll repair workshop . 
 `` fifty ? 
 no . 
 forty going once ... sold for forty dollars . '' 
 the smell of popcorn from a portable concession stand wafted through the air , catching the attention of a group of neighborhood kids . 
 cars filled with potential buyers searching for curbside parking edged slowly past the auction site . 
 gretchen glanced at the stucco-and-tile house where chiggy kent , the once-vibrant founder of the phoenix dollers club , had lived . 
 dragging an oxygen tank connected to her nostrils , chiggy had finally succumbed to the persistence of her concerned neighbors and the ravages of lung disease and now resided at grace senior care . 
 but if she 'd had the breath to resist , she would have forced them to haul her out kicking and screaming . 
 chiggy 's doll-making skills had n't improved with experience or with advanced age . 
 at least six hundred handmade dolls cluttered the open-bed truck , and gretchen winced at the poor workmanship . 
 dolls ' eyebrows wisped in unlikely directions , painted with heavy , awkward strokes . 
 eyelashes that would have impressed the legendary tammy faye , notorious queen of eye art . 
 the doll clothes were worth more than the dolls that wore them , but many of the shoppers who bellied up to the truck were n't serious collectors and could n't tell the difference between an original and a poor reproduction . 
 howie howard was n't about to clue them in . 
 `` here 's a priceless imitation of a german kestner . 
 full of character . 
 who could resist ? 
 do i hear ten ? '' 
 the words melded together , strung without the briefest pause , and gretchen smiled at his singular ability to sell certifiable junk . 
 a man beside her lifted a doll from a heap and made space on the flatbed to prop it up . 
 he smoothed the doll 's bright blue gown and rearranged the curls framing her face , then stepped back and snapped a picture . 
 gretchen watched him move along the truck from doll to doll as he repeated the process again and again . 
 his camera , a leica digital , looked expensive - too expensive , considering his gaunt , unshaven face and the faded t-shirt stretched over his protruding stomach . 
 the sun beat down on gretchen . 
 she glanced around for a shady spot to stand in . 
 the last day of september was hot and dry , and gretchen needed a respite from the intensity of the phoenix sun . 
 one lone palm tree cast a pencil-thin shadow across chiggy 's now barren yard , not nearly enough for protection . 
 where did i put it ? 
 gretchen dug through her purse for the list of dolls her mother had wanted her to bid on . 
 she must have left it at home . 
 now what ? 
 she did n't have time to search for it . 
 no choice but to wing it . 
 she hoped howie would n't auction off all six hundred of these handmade copies before moving on to the real reason she stood here suffering from the heat . 
 chiggy 's private collection . 
 the real dolls . 
 gretchen recognized several serious collectors in the crowd and a few impatient doll dealers looking for bargains . 
 she edged closer to howie . 
 `` change of pace , '' he shouted , as though reading gretchen 's mind . 
 `` we ca n't sell everything one at a time , or we 'll be here through sunday . 
 let 's dig out something new . 
 what 've we got , brett ? '' 
 he turned and accepted a cardboard box from his assistant . 
 `` box of kewpie dolls . '' 
 he held one aloft . 
 `` cute little things . 
 whole bunch made by the same talented doll artist , chiggy kent . '' 
 howie held up a three-inch kewpie . 
 `` who wants to start ... ? '' 
 and he was off and running . 
 bidding on the box of kewpies started low . 
 gretchen watched with interest , because her turn was coming . 
 she was fascinated by the speed with which howie flew through the bidding process and the different ways the registered bidders had of alerting the auctioneer to their bids . 
 she had sorted through the kewpie dolls before the auction and noticed that most had been repaired in some way . 
 almost all were bad reproductions . 
 gretchen saw imperfections in the molded bodies , amateurishly shaped topknots and tufts of babyish hair . 
 someone was actually bidding on this mess ? 
 `` sold for thirty dollars . '' 
 howie 's voice slammed through the group , and gretchen craned her neck to see the successful bidder . 
 him again . 
 she 'd watched the shriveled old man bid several times . 
 who could miss his stooped shoulders , full head of white hair , and groucho marx eyebrows ? 
 he waved his registration number with gleeful abandon and slapped his knee in delight . 
 howie 's assistant , brett , continued to bring items to the auction block . 
 a collection of paper dolls , then an ashton drake little red riding hood . 
 gretchen tried to imagine the list her mother had composed . 
 no paper dolls . 
 she was sure of it . 
 or was she ? 
 why do i have to be so forgetful and disorganized ? 
 howie , appreciating the scope of his mission , began to clump groups of dolls together to step up the pace . 
 brett continued lugging boxes out of the garage . 
 `` ... ginny dolls . '' 
 gretchen snapped back to the call of the auctioneer . 
 ginnys were on the list . 
 here goes . 
 her reason for standing out in the desert sun for ... how long ? 
 ... two hours and counting . 
 her body felt clam-baked , and her short , dark hair , hard to manage on a good day , frizzed out from her damp scalp . 
 someone pushed past her , another bidder positioning for the same round . 
 gretchen 's palms felt sweaty , and she grasped her number firmly , waiting for the opening volley . 
 calm down . 
 this is like a horse race . 
 you do n't have to start out in the lead to win . 
 she remembered her mother 's coaching . 
 do n't look desperate . 
 lay low . 
 wait for the right moment . 
 gretchen gulped and felt the thrill of competition . 
 right this minute she wanted that collection of ginny dolls more than anything in the world . 
 is this how it always felt ? 
 what a rush of adrenaline ! 
 no wonder her mother always covered the auctions and left her to handle repairs . 
 the dolls that gretchen lusted after were eight-inch vogue vintage dolls from the late forties and early fifties , all in their original boxes . 
 they came with a variety of costumes : hats , dresses , purses , and snap shoes . 
 howie 's voice sliced the sun-scorched air . 
 `` this is it , '' he said , his words coming fast . 
 `` the finest of the fine ... '' gretchen 's heart sank into her stomach and settled next to the grapefruit-sized nervous lump . 
 why did he have to call special attention to the dolls she was interested in ? 
 her eyes never left his as his voice rang out . 
 `` who 'll give me fifty ? '' 
 gretchen raised her number against her sweat-laden halter top . 
 so much for her mother 's sound advice to lay low . 
 howie trained his eyes on her , acknowledged the bid , and worked it up . 
 from the rapid sweep of his head , she guessed that three or four others were placing bids . 
 `` one hundred . 
 we have a cool crisp bill . '' 
 howie kept going , and gretchen felt the sting of impending defeat . 
 one of the bidders dropped out , and gretchen held up her number again . 
 another bidder dropped out . 
 yes . 
 gretchen slapped an internal high five at the dwindling competition . 
 the ginny dolls whispered her name . 
 she did the math in her head . 
 twelve dolls . 
 she could sell them at the doll show for at least fifty each . 
 that would be a total of six hundred dollars . 
 she still had some leeway . 
 the current bid shot past two hundred . 
 but some of the dolls needed work . 
 her mind flicked through the supplies in the repair workshop . 
 she was sure she had extra ginny doll parts . 
 arms and legs , even some original dresses , a wig or two . 
 someone behind her was still bidding , but gretchen did n't dare turn around . 
 next time she would take a position in the back of the crowd so she could watch the action . 
 `` we have two eighty . '' 
 gretchen signaled . 
 `` three hundred . '' 
 howie 's red face beamed in anticipation of his growing commission . 
 `` do i have three fifty ? '' 
 his eyes darted behind gretchen , his eyebrows one big question mark . 
 silence . 
 howie waited a millisecond , then shrugged . 
 `` sold , '' howie shouted , pointing at gretchen . 
 brett , standing behind howie holding the next box , managed to give her a thumbs-up . 
 she felt like she 'd won a million-dollar lottery . 
 howie did n't miss a beat , intent on pounding through the remaining items as quickly as possible . 
 gretchen worked her way out of the crowd and stood at the back . 
 she 'd spent all her money on twelve dolls , but she could n't help grinning . 
 they were worth it . 
 had she paid too much ? 
 her mother 's request included at least six or seven different dolls . 
 even if she had n't forgotten the list , she would n't be able to bid on any others . 
 after gretchen paid for the dolls , brett had her box ready at the side of the truck . 
 he slapped her shoulder . 
 `` good job . '' 
 gretchen tuned out howie 's theatrical voice when he presented another round of chiggy 's badly painted dolls to the crowd . 
 she sat down on a white plastic lawn chair and placed the box beside her . 
 her registration number and the word ginny were sprawled across the top in black magic marker , the handwriting almost illegible . 
 the photographer strolled her way , camera strapped at his side , and his hand stretched out to her . 
 gretchen accepted the business card and glanced at the name . 
 peter finch . 
 `` i 'm putting together a collection of doll photographs and selling them on ebay , '' he said . 
 `` photo gallery , you know . 
 a hundred and fifty pictures for thirty bucks . 
 a steal . '' 
 `` you 're including photos of chiggy 's handmade dolls ? '' 
 gretchen was incredulous . 
 `` check it out , '' he said , moving off , offering his card down the line . 
 gretchen tucked the business card into her purse . 
 she bent over the box , and opened the cover . 
 a heap of poorly produced kewpie dolls grinned impishly up at her astonished face . 
 just great . 
 the boxes had been mixed up . 
 the stooped man with the bushy eyebrows who won the kewpies must be walking around right now with her ginnys . 
 grabbing the box , she hurried back to the truck and scanned the crowd . 
 then she heard tires squeal and a car horn blare . 
 someone screamed . 
 gretchen , along with everyone else in chiggy kent 's yard , rushed toward the street . 
 `` back up . 
 quick . '' 
 a man 's voice sounded panicked . 
 gretchen scooted between two parked cars , still holding the box of kewpies . 
 she saw a woman get out of a ford explorer that had stopped in the middle of the street . 
 `` i did n't see him , '' she said to the people gathering around . 
 `` he flew right out between the cars . 
 i did n't even have time to brake . '' 
 several people crouched in front of the suv . 
 gretchen gasped and almost dropped the fragile kewpie dolls . 
 howie 's assistant , brett wesley , lay crumpled in the road . 
 ***** about the author deb baker has lived in all the places she portrays in her books and knows many of the characters in her books . 
 she now lives on a high ridge in southeastern wisconsin , with her husband and one aging cat . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please consider writing a short online review . 
 your opinion helps other readers discover new authors ! 
 visit deb 's website discover other books by deb : gertie johnson murder mysteries murder passes the buck - when her neighbor is shot and killed , gertie investigates his death , even though it 's been ruled an accident by gertie 's son , the sheriff . 
 murder grins and bears it - a game warden is murdered right under little donny 's tree stand . 
 little donny disappears into the backwoods , forcing sixty-six-year-old gertie to use her `` unique '' investigative techniques to find her favorite grandson . 
 murder talks turkey - gertie johnson , is standing in line at the bank when it gets robbed . 
 the robber does n't make it out alive , but the money is missing . 
 murder bites the bullet -- gertie and the trouble busters get caught in the crosshairs of a long standing family feud . 
 murder bites the bullet - when finnish resident harry aho -lrb- sometimes pronounced a-hoe -rrb- takes a bullet at his kitchen table , gertie suspects it has something to do with the public shooting range he set up right on the property line next to a swede . 
 the trouble busters bring out the big guns to crack this one , including deer cameras , a riot gun , and faithful fred , the semi-retired police dog . 
 murder trims the tree - when gertie and her cohorts decide to do their court-ordered community service at the local assisted living home during the christmas season , they get more than they -lrb- plea -rrb- bargained for . 
 cooking can be murder -- 100 tasty recipes from gertie 's kitchen gretchen birch suspense series dolled up for murder -- for gretchen birch , her mother caroline , and her aunt nina , doll restoration is a family affair . 
 but they have never imagined a valuable doll could lead to murder . 
 goodbye dolly - gretchen is at her first major doll show , praying she does n't botch any repair job . 
 but glue-gun glitches turn out to be the least of her worries when a sleazy reporter is found dead with gretchen 's craft knife stuck in his back . 
 dolly departed-gretchen answers an invitation to a party at an unfamiliar dollhouse shop - and winds up in the thick of a murder mystery of miniature proportions . 
 guise and dolls-an anonymous donor ... murder in a cemetery ... a haunted house with hidden secrets . 
 someone 's dream come true will soon prove more of a nightmare . 
 gretchen better solve the mystery , or it 'll be her and her friends who are history . 
 queen bee mysteries -lrb- as hannah reed -rrb- buzz off - it 's september - national honey month - in moraine , wisconsin and life seems pretty sweet for story fischer ... until her bee mentor is found dead in his apiary . 
 now story has to find her way out of a very sticky situation . 
 mind your own beeswax - story fischer has a successful local market , her queen bee honey business , and a new boyfriend . 
 then she finds the dead body of local woman with a checkered past right near her hive and things get sticky . 
 plan bee -- moraine , wisconsin 's annual harmony festival is anything but harmonious for story fischer , as a dead body makes an uninvited appearance in the parade-and the person who may be responsible for putting it there starts dating story 's mother ... beeline to trouble 
