 lost and found ever have something really important just up and vanish without a trace ? 
 like that vintage pucci scarf you wore to the ninth-grade formal . 
 it was around your neck the whole night , but when it was time to head home , poof . 
 gone . 
 or that gorgeous gold locket your grandmother gave you . 
 somehow it grew legs and just walked away . 
 but lost things do n't just disappear into thin air . 
 they have to be somewhere . 
 four pretty girls in rosewood have lost very important things too . 
 things much bigger than a scarf or necklace . 
 like the trust of their parents . 
 an ivy league future . 
 purity . 
 and they thought they lost their childhood best friend , too ... but maybe not . 
 maybe the universe returned her , safe and sound . 
 but just remember , the world has a way of balancing out : when something is given back , something else must be taken away . 
 and in rosewood , that could be anything . 
 credibility . 
 sanity . 
 lives . 
 aria montgomery was the first to arrive . 
 she tipped her bike onto the crushed-gravel drive , plopped down under a lavender weeping willow , and ran her fingers through the soft , clipped lawn . 
 just yesterday , the grass had smelled like summer and freedom , but after all that had happened , the scent no longer filled aria with liberated glee . 
 emily fields appeared next . 
 she was wearing the same faded , nondescript jeans and lemon yellow old navy tee she 'd had on the night before . 
 the clothes were wrinkled now , as if she 'd slept in them . 
 `` hey , '' she said listlessly , lowering herself down next to aria . 
 at the exact same moment , spencer hastings emerged from her front door , a solemn look on her face , and hanna marin slammed the door to her mom 's mercedes . 
 `` so . '' 
 emily finally broke the silence when they were all together . 
 `` so , '' aria echoed . 
 simultaneously , they turned and looked at the barn at the back of spencer 's yard . 
 the night before , spencer , aria , emily , hanna , and alison dilaurentis , their best friend and leader , were supposed to have had their long-awaited , end-of-seventh-grade sleepover there . 
 but instead of the party lasting until dawn , it had ended abruptly before midnight . 
 far from being the perfect kickoff to summer , it had been an embarrassing disaster . 
 none of them could make eye contact . 
 nor could they look next door at the big victorian house that belonged to alison 's family . 
 they were due over there any minute , but it was n't alison who 'd invited them over today-it was her mother , jessica . 
 she 'd called each girl mid-morning , saying alison had n't turned up after breakfast-was she at one of their houses ? 
 ali 's mom had n't seemed too alarmed when they said no , but when she called back a few hours later , reporting that ali still had n't checked in , her voice was thin and high-pitched with distress . 
 aria tightened her ponytail . 
 `` none of us saw where ali went , right ? '' 
 they shook their heads . 
 spencer gently prodded at a purple bruise that had appeared on her wrist that morning . 
 she had no idea when she 'd hurt herself . 
 there were a few scratches on her arms , too , as if she 'd gotten tangled in a vine . 
 `` and she did n't tell anyone where she was going ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 each girl shrugged . 
 `` she 's probably off somewhere fun , '' emily concluded in an eeyore voice , hanging her head . 
 the girls had nicknamed emily `` killer , '' as in , ali 's personal pit bull . 
 that ali could have more fun with anyone else made her heart break . 
 `` nice of her to include us , '' aria said bitterly , kicking at a clump of grass with her motorcycle boots . 
 the hot june sun beat down relentlessly on their winter-pale skin . 
 they heard a splash from a backyard pool and the groan of a lawn mower in the distance . 
 it was typical suburban summer bliss in rosewood , pennsylvania , a luxurious and pristine suburb about twenty miles from philadelphia . 
 right now , the girls were supposed to be poolside at the rosewood country club , ogling cute guys who went to their elite private school , rosewood day . 
 they still could do that , but it felt weird to have fun without ali . 
 they felt adrift without her , like actresses without a director or marionettes without a puppeteer . 
 at last night 's sleepover , ali had seemed more aggravated with them than usual . 
 distracted , too-she 'd wanted to hypnotize them , but when spencer insisted that the blinds be left open , ali argued that they needed to be closed ; then ali abruptly left without saying good-bye . 
 all the girls had a sinking feeling they knew why she 'd left-ali had found something better to do , with friends older and way cooler than they were . 
 even though none of them would admit it , they 'd sensed this might be coming . 
 ali was the girl at rosewood day who set trends , topped every guy 's hottest girl list , and decided who was popular and who was an undesirable not it . 
 she could charm anyone , from her sullen older brother , jason , to the school 's strictest history teacher . 
 last year , she 'd plucked spencer , hanna , aria , and emily from obscurity and invited them into her inner sanctum . 
 things were perfect for the first few months , the five of them ruling the rosewood day hallways , holding court at sixth-grade parties , and always scoring the best booth at rive gauche at the king james mall , kicking out less-popular girls who had been seated there first . 
 but toward the end of seventh grade , ali grew more and more distant . 
 she did n't call them immediately when she got home from school . 
 she did n't surreptitiously text them during class . 
 when the girls talked to her , her eyes often looked glazed over , like her thoughts were elsewhere . 
 the only things that interested ali were their deepest , darkest secrets . 
 aria glanced at spencer . 
 `` you ran out of the barn after ali last night . 
 you seriously did n't see which way she went ? '' 
 she had to yell over the sound of someone 's weed whacker . 
 `` no , '' spencer said quickly , staring at her white j. crew flip-flops . 
 `` you ran out of the barn ? '' 
 emily tugged on one of her blondish-red ponytails . 
 `` i do n't remember that . '' 
 `` it was right after spencer told ali to leave , '' aria informed them , a tinge of irritation in her voice . 
 `` i did n't think she was going to , '' spencer mumbled , plucking a rogue , bright yellow dandelion that had sprouted beneath the willow . 
 hanna and emily picked at their cuticles . 
 the wind shifted , and the sweet smell of lilac and honeysuckle filled the air . 
 the last thing they remembered was ali 's weird hypnosis : she counted down from one hundred , touched their foreheads with her thumb , and announced that they were in her power . 
 what seemed like hours later , they 'd awakened from a deep , disorienting sleep and ali was gone . 
 emily pulled her t-shirt collar over her nose , something she did when she was worried . 
 her shirt smelled faintly of all-temperature cheer and deodorant . 
 `` so what do we say to ali 's mom ? '' 
 `` we cover , '' hanna said matter-of-factly . 
 `` we say ali 's with her field hockey friends . '' 
 aria tipped up her head , absently following the path of an airplane high in the cloudless blue sky . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 but deep down , she did n't want to cover for ali . 
 the night before , ali dropped some obvious hints about aria 's dad 's horrible secret . 
 did she really deserve aria 's help now ? 
 emily 's eyes followed a bumblebee as it meandered from flower to flower in spencer 's front garden . 
 she did n't want to cover for ali either . 
 more than likely ali was with her older field hockey friends-worldly , intimidating girls who smoked marlboros out the windows of their range rovers and attended house parties with kegs . 
 was emily terrible for wishing that ali would get in trouble for running off with them ? 
 was she a bad friend for wanting ali all to herself ? 
 spencer scowled too . 
 it was n't fair that ali just assumed they 'd lie for her . 
 last night , before ali could touch spencer 's forehead and put her under hypnosis , spencer jumped up in protest . 
 she was sick ofali controlling them . 
 she was sick of things being exactly the way ali wanted . 
 `` come on , guys , '' hanna urged , sensing everyone 's reluctance . 
 `` we have to cover for ali . '' 
 the last thing hanna wanted was to give ali a reason to drop them-if that happened , hanna would go back to being an ugly , chubby loser . 
 and that was n't the worst thing that could happen . 
 `` if we do n't protect her , she might tell everyone about the ... '' hanna trailed off , glancing across the street at the house where toby and jenna cavanaugh lived . 
 it had fallen into disrepair over the past year , the grass in the front yard badly in need of a mow , and the bottom of the garage doors covered in a thin layer of green , speckled mold . 
 last spring , they 'd accidentally blinded jenna cava-naugh while she and her brother were in their tree house . 
 no one knew they 'd set off the firework , though , and ali had made them promise never to tell what really happened , saying the secret would bond their friendship forever . 
 but what if they were n't friends anymore ? 
 ali could be ruthless to people she did n't like . 
 after she 'd dropped naomi zeigler and riley wolfe out of nowhere at the beginning of sixth grade , she 'd banned them from parties , made boys prank call their houses , and even hacked into their myspace pages , writing half-mean , half-funny posts about their embarrassing secrets . 
 if ali ditched her four new friends , what promises would she break ? 
 what secrets would she tell ? 
 the front door to the dilaurentises ' house opened , and ali 's mom stuck her head out onto the porch . 
 though normally stylish and polished , mrs. dilaurentis had thrown her pale blond hair into a sloppy ponytail . 
 a pair of frayed shorts hung low on her hips , and her ragged t-shirt stretched across her midriff . 
 the girls stood and walked up the stone path to ali 's door . 
 as usual , the foyer smelled like fabric softener , and photos of alison and her brother , jason , lined the halls . 
 aria 's gaze went immediately to jason 's senior picture , his longish blond hair pushed off his face , the corners of his lips curled up into just a hint of a smile . 
 before the girls could perform their usual ritual of touching the bottom right-hand corner of their favorite photo from their trip to the poconos last july , mrs. dilaurentis swept them into the kitchen and gestured for them to sit at the big wood table . 
 it felt weird to be in ali 's house without ali here-almost like they were spying on her . 
 there was evidence of her everywhere : a pair of turquoise tory burch wedges by the laundry room door , a travel-size bottle of ali 's favorite vanilla hand cream on the telephone table , and ali 's report card-all a 's , of course-pinned to the stainless-steel refrigerator with a pizza-shaped magnet . 
 mrs. dilaurentis sat down with them and cleared her throat . 
 `` i know you girls were with alison last night , and i need you to think really hard . 
 are you sure she did n't give you any hints about where she might have gone ? '' 
 the girls shook their heads , staring at the woven jute place mats . 
 `` i think she 's with her field hockey friends , '' hanna blurted out , when it seemed no one else was going to speak . 
 mrs. dilaurentis shredded a grocery list into small squares . 
 `` i already called all the girls on the team 's telephone tree-and her friends from hockey camp . 
 no one has seen her . '' 
 the girls exchanged alarmed glances . 
 nerves streaked through their chests , and their hearts began to thump a little faster . 
 if ali was n't with any of her other friends , then where was she ? 
 mrs. dilaurentis drummed her fingers on the table . 
 her nails looked uneven , as if she 'd been biting them . 
 `` did she mention coming home last night ? 
 i thought i saw her in the kitchen doorway when i was talking to ... '' she trailed off for a moment , casting her eyes to the back door . 
 `` she looked upset . '' 
 `` we did n't know ali came back into the house , '' aria mumbled . 
 `` oh . '' 
 ali 's mom 's hands trembled as she reached for her coffee . 
 `` has ali ever talked about someone teasing her ? '' 
 `` no one would do that , '' emily said quickly . 
 `` everyone loves ali . '' 
 mrs. dilaurentis opened her mouth to protest but then changed her mind . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're right . 
 and she never said anything about running away ? '' 
 spencer snorted . 
 `` no way . '' 
 only emily ducked her head . 
 she and ali sometimes talked about running away together . 
 one of their fantasies about flying to paris and adopting brand-new identities had recently been in heavy rotation . 
 but emily was sure ali had never been serious . 
 `` did she ever seem sad ? '' 
 mrs. dilaurentis went on . 
 each of the girls ' expressions grew more and more baffled . 
 `` sad ? '' 
 hanna finally blurted . 
 `` like ... depressed ? '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' emily stated , thinking about how gleefully ali had pirouetted across the lawn the day before , celebrating the end of seventh grade . 
 `` she 'd tell us if something was bothering her , '' aria added , although she was n't quite sure if this was true . 
 ever since ali and aria had discovered a devastating secret about aria 's dad a few weeks ago , aria had avoided being around ali . 
 she 'd hoped that they could put it behind them at last night 's sleepover . 
 the dilaurentises ' dishwasher grumbled , shifting into the next cycle . 
 mr. dilaurentis wandered into the kitchen , looking bleary-eyed and lost . 
 when he glanced at his wife , an uncomfortable expression came over his face , and he quickly wheeled around and left , vigorously scratching his beakish , oversize nose . 
 `` are you sure you do n't know anything ? '' 
 mrs. dilaurentis asked . 
 worry lines creased her forehead . 
 `` i looked for her diary , thinking she might 've written something in there about where she went , but i ca n't find it anywhere . '' 
 hanna brightened . 
 `` i know what her diary looks like . 
 do you want us to go upstairs and search ? '' 
 they 'd seen ali writing in her diary a few days ago , when mrs. dilaurentis sent them up to ali 's room without telling ali first . 
 ali had been so absorbed in her diary that she 'd seemed startled by her friends , as if she 'd momentarily forgotten that she 'd invited them over . 
 seconds later , mrs. dilaurentis had sent the girls downstairs because she wanted to lecture ali about something , and when ali emerged on the patio , she 'd seemed annoyed they were there , like they 'd done something wrong by staying at her house while her mom yelled at her . 
 `` no , no , that 's all right , '' mrs. dilaurentis answered , setting down her coffee cup fast . 
 `` really . '' 
 hanna scraped back her chair and started down the hall . 
 `` it 's no trouble . '' 
 `` hanna , '' ali 's mom barked , her voice suddenly razor-sharp . 
 `` i said no . '' 
 hanna halted under the chandelier . 
 something impossible to read rumbled beneath mrs. dilaurentis 's skin . 
 `` okay , '' hanna said quietly , returning to the table . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 after that , mrs. dilaurentis thanked the girls for coming over . 
 they filed out one by one , blinking in the startlingly bright sun . 
 in the cul-de-sac , mona vanderwaal , a loser girl in their grade , was making big figure eights on her razor scooter . 
 when she saw the girls , she waved . 
 none of them waved back . 
 emily kicked a loose brick on the walkway . 
 `` mrs. d is overreacting . 
 ali 's fine . '' 
 `` she is n't depressed , '' hanna insisted . 
 `` what a retarded thing to say . '' 
 aria stuffed her hands into her miniskirt 's back pockets . 
 `` what if ali did run away ? 
 maybe not because she was unhappy , but because there was somewhere cooler she wanted to be . 
 she probably would n't even miss us . '' 
 `` of course she 'd miss us , '' emily snapped . 
 and then she burst into tears . 
 spencer looked over , rolling her eyes . 
 `` god , emily . 
 do you have to do that right now ? '' 
 `` lay off her , '' aria snapped . 
 spencer turned her gaze to aria , canvassing her up and down . 
 `` your nose ring is crooked , '' she pointed out , more than a tinge of nastiness in her voice . 
 aria felt for the stick-on , bedazzled nose stud on her left nostril . 
 somehow , it had slipped almost to her cheek . 
 she pushed it back into position and then , in a rush of self-consciousness , pulled it off altogether . 
 there was a rustling noise , and then a loud crunch . 
 they turned and saw hanna reaching into her purse for a handful of cheez-its . 
 when hanna noticed them watching warily , she froze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she said , a halo of orange around her mouth . 
 each girl stood silently for a moment . 
 emily blotted her tears . 
 hanna took another sneaky handful of cheez-its . 
 aria fiddled with the buckles of her motorcycle boots . 
 and spencer crossed her arms , looking bored with them . 
 without ali there , the girls suddenly seemed so defective . 
 uncool , even . 
 a deafening roar sounded from ali 's backyard . 
 the girls turned and saw a red cement truck positioned next to a large hole . 
 the dilaurentises were building a twenty-person gazebo . 
 a scruffy , scrawny worker with a stubby blond ponytail raised his mirrored sunglasses at the girls . 
 he gave them a lascivious smile , revealing a gold front tooth . 
 a bald , beefy , heavily tattooed worker in a skimpy wifebeater and torn jeans whistled . 
 the girls shivered uneasily-ali had told them stories about how the workers were constantly calling out lewd comments as she passed . 
 then one of the workers signaled to the guy at the wheel of the cement mixer , and the truck slowly backed up . 
 slate gray concrete oozed down a long chute into the hole . 
 ali had been telling them about this gazebo project for weeks . 
 it was going to have a hot tub on one side and a fire pit on the other . 
 big plants , bushes , and trees would surround the whole thing so the gazebo would feel tropical and serene . 
 `` ali 's going to love that gazebo , '' emily s aid confidently . 
 `` she 'll have the best parties there . '' 
 the others nodded cautiously . 
 they hoped they 'd be invited . 
 they hoped this was n't the end of an era . 
 and then they parted ways , each girl going home . 
 spencer wandered into her kitchen , gazing out the back windows at the barn where the dreadful sleepover had taken place . 
 so what if ali ditched them forever ? 
 her friends might be devastated , but maybe it would n't be such a bad thing . 
 spencer was over ali pushing her around . 
 when she heard a sniffle , she jumped . 
 her mother was sitting at the island counter , staring into space , her eyes glassy . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 spencer said softly , but her mother did n't answer . 
 aria walked down the dilaurentises ' driveway . 
 the family 's trash cans sat on the curb , waiting for the saturday garbage collection . 
 one of the lids had fallen off , and aria saw an empty prescription bottle sitting on top of a black plastic bag . 
 the label was mostly scratched off , but ali 's name was printed there in block letters . 
 aria wondered if they were antibiotics or spring allergy meds-the pollen in rosewood was brutal this year . 
 hanna waited on one of the boulders in spencer 's front yard for her mom to pick her up . 
 mona vanderwaal was riding her scooter around the cul-de-sac . 
 could mrs. dilaurentis be right ? 
 had someone dared to tease ali , just like ali and the others taunted mona ? 
 emily grabbed her bike and walked to ali 's backwoods for the shortcut back to her house . 
 the gazebo workers were taking a break . 
 that same scrawny guy with the gold tooth was horsing around with someone sporting a wispy mustache , inattentive to the concrete as it flowed from the cement mixer into the hole . 
 their cars-a dented honda , two pickups , and a bumper sticker-slathered jeep cherokee-were parked along the curb . 
 at the very end of the line was a vaguely familiar black vintage sedan . 
 it was nicer than the others , and emily could see her reflection in the shiny doors as she biked past . 
 her face looked pensive . 
 what would she do if ali did n't want to be her friend anymore ? 
 as the sun rose higher in the sky , each girl wondered what would happen if ali dropped them cold , like she had naomi and riley . 
 but none of them paid any attention to mrs. dilaurentis 's frantic questions . 
 she was ali 's mom-it was her job to worry . 
 none of them could have predicted that by the following day , the dilaurentises ' front lawn would be filled with news vans and police cars . 
 nor could they have known where ali truly was or whom she 'd really planned on meeting when she 'd run out of the barn that night . 
 no , on that pretty june day , the first full day of summer vacation , they pushed mrs. dilaurentis 's concerns aside . 
 bad things did n't happen in places like rosewood . 
 and they certainly did n't happen to girls like ali . 
 she 's fine , they thought . 
 she 'll be back . 
 and three years later , maybe , just maybe , they were finally right . 
 chapter 1 do n't breathe in emily fields opened her eyes and looked around . 
 she was lying in the middle of spencer hastings 's backyard , surrounded by a wall of smoke and flames . 
 gnarled tree branches snapped and dropped to the ground with deafening thuds . 
 heat radiated from the woods , making it feel like it was the middle of july , not the end of january . 
 emily 's other old best friends , aria montgomery and hanna marin , were nearby , dressed in soiled silk and sequined party dresses , coughing hysterically . 
 sirens roared behind them . 
 fire truck lights whirled in the distance . 
 four ambulances barreled onto the hastingses ' lawn , giving no heed to the perfectly shaped shrubs and flower beds . 
 a paramedic in a white uniform burst through the billowing smoke . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he cried , kneeling down at emily 's side . 
 emily felt as if she 'd awakened from a yearlong sleep . 
 something huge had just happened ... but what ? 
 the paramedic caught her arm before she collapsed to the ground again . 
 `` you 've inhaled a lot of smoke , '' he yelled . 
 `` your brain is n't getting enough oxygen . 
 you 're lapsing in and out of consciousness . '' 
 he placed an oxygen mask over her face . 
 a second person swam into view . 
 it was a rosewood cop emily did n't recognize , a man with silvery hair and kind green eyes . 
 `` is there anyone else in the woods besides the four of you ? '' 
 he shouted over the din . 
 emily 's lips parted , scrambling for an answer that felt just beyond her reach . 
 and then , like a light switching on , everything that had happened in the last few hours flooded back to her . 
 all those texts from a , the torturous new text messager , insisting that ian thomas had n't killed alison dilaurentis . 
 the sign-in book emily had found at the radley hotel party with jason dilaurentis 's name all through it , indicating he might have been a patient back when the radley was a mental hospital . 
 ian confirming on im that jason and darren wilden , the cop working on ali 's murder case , had been the ones to kill ali-and warning them that jason and wilden would stop at nothing to keep them quiet . 
 and then the flicker . 
 the horrible sulfuric smell . 
 the ten acres of woods bursting into flames . 
 they 'd run blindly to spencer 's yard , catching up with aria , who 'd cut through the woods from her new house one street over . 
 aria had a girl with her , someone who 'd been trapped in the fiery woods . 
 someone emily thought she 'd never see again . 
 emily pulled the oxygen mask away from her face . 
 `` alison , '' she shouted . 
 `` do n't forget alison ! '' 
 the cop cocked his head . 
 the paramedic cupped his hand to his ear . 
 `` who ? '' 
 emily turned around , gesturing to where ali had just been lying on the grass . 
 she took a big step back . 
 ali was gone . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 she wheeled around . 
 the paramedics were loading her friends into ambulances . 
 `` aria ! '' 
 emily screamed . 
 `` spencer ! 
 hanna ! '' 
 her friends turned . 
 `` ali ! '' 
 emily screeched , waving at the now-empty spot where ali had been . 
 `` did you see where ali went ? '' 
 aria shook her head . 
 hanna held her oxygen mask to her face , her eyes darting back and forth . 
 spencer 's skin paled with terror , but then a bunch of emts surrounded her , helping her into the back of an ambulance . 
 emily turned desperately to the paramedic . 
 his face was backlit by the hastingses ' burning windmill . 
 `` alison 's here . 
 we just saw her ! '' 
 the paramedic looked at her uncertainly . 
 `` you mean alison dilaurentis , the girl who ... died ? '' 
 `` she 's not dead ! '' 
 emily wailed , nearly tripping over a tree root as she backed up . 
 she gestured toward the flames . 
 `` she 's hurt ! 
 she said someone was trying to kill her ! '' 
 `` miss. '' the cop placed a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` you need to settle down . '' 
 there was a snap a few feet away , and emily pivoted . 
 four news reporters stood near the hastingses ' deck , gaping . 
 `` miss fields ? '' 
 a journalist called , running toward emily and jabbing her microphone in emily 's face . 
 a man with a camera and another guy holding a boom raced forward too . 
 `` what did you say ? 
 who did you just see ? '' 
 emily 's heart pounded . 
 `` we 've got to help alison ! '' 
 she looked around again . 
 spencer 's yard was crawling with cops and emts . 
 by contrast , ali 's old yard was dark and empty . 
 when emily saw a shape dart behind the wrought-iron fence that separated the hastingses ' yard from the dilaurentises ' , her heart leapt . 
 ali ? 
 but it was only a shadow made by the flashing lights of a police car . 
 more journalists gathered , spilling from the hastingses ' front and side yards . 
 a fire truck screamed up too , the firefighters leaping from the vehicle and pointing a huge hose at the woods . 
 a bald , middle-aged reporter touched emily 's arm . 
 `` what did alison look like ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` where has she been ? '' 
 `` that 's enough . '' 
 the cop brushed everyone away . 
 `` give her some space . '' 
 the reporter shoved the microphone at him . 
 `` are you going to investigate her claim ? 
 are you going to search for alison ? '' 
 `` who set the fire ? 
 did you see ? '' 
 another voice screamed over the sound of the fire hoses . 
 the paramedic maneuvered emily away from them . 
 `` we need to get you out of here . '' 
 emily let out a fevered whimper , desperately staring at the empty patch of grass . 
 the very same thing had happened when they saw ian 's dead body in the woods last week-one minute he was lying there , bloated and pale on the grass , and the next he was ... gone . 
 but it could n't be happening again . 
 it could n't . 
 emily had spent years pining over ali , obsessing over every contour of her face , memorizing every hair on her head . 
 and that girl from the woods looked exactly like ali . 
 she had ali 's raspy , sexy voice , and when she wiped the soot from her face , it had been with ali 's small , delicate hands . 
 they were at the ambulance now . 
 another emt clapped the oxygen mask back over emily 's mouth and nose and helped her onto a small cot inside . 
 the paramedics buckled themselves in beside her . 
 sirens whooped , and the vehicle rolled slowly off the lawn . 
 as they turned onto the street , emily noticed a police car through the ambulance 's back window , its sirens silenced , the headlights off . 
 it was n't driving toward the hastingses ' house , though . 
 she turned her attention back to spencer 's house , looking once more for ali , but all she saw were curious bystanders . 
 there was mrs. mcclellan , a neighbor from down the street . 
 hovering by the mailbox were mr. and mrs. vanderwaal , whose daughter , mona , had been the original a. emily had n't seen them since mona 's funeral a few months ago . 
 even the cavanaughs were there , gazing at the flames in horror . 
 mrs. cavanaugh had a hand resting protectively on her daughter jenna 's shoulder . 
 even though jenna 's sightless eyes were obscured by her dark gucci sunglasses , it seemed like she was staring straight at emily . 
 but ali was n't anywhere in the chaos . 
 she 'd vanished-again . 
 chapter 2 up in smoke about six hours later , a perky nurse with a long brown ponytail pushed back the curtain to aria 's little cordoned-off nook in the rosewood memorial emergency room . 
 she handed aria 's dad , byron , a clipboard and told him to sign at the bottom . 
 `` besides the bruises on her legs and all the smoke she inhaled , i think she 's going to be fine , '' the nurse said . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 byron sighed , penning his name with a flourish . 
 he and aria 's brother , mike , had shown up at the hospital shortly after the ambulance deposited aria here . 
 aria 's mom , ella , was in vermont for the night with her vile boyfriend , xavier , and byron had told her that there was no reason for her to rush home . 
 the nurse looked at aria . 
 `` your friend spencer wants to see you before you go . 
 she 's on the second floor . 
 room two-oh-six . '' 
 `` okay , '' aria said shakily , shifting her legs underneath the scratchy , standard-issue hospital linens . 
 byron rose from the white plastic chair beside the bed and met aria 's gaze . 
 `` i 'll wait for you in the lobby . 
 take your time . '' 
 aria slowly got up . 
 she raked her hands through her blue-black hair , little flakes of soot and ash raining onto the sheets . 
 when she leaned down to pull on her jeans and put on her shoes , her muscles ached like she 'd climbed mount everest . 
 she 'd been up all night , freaking out over what had just happened in the woods . 
 even though her old friends had been brought to the er , too , they 'd all been taken to separate corners of the ward , so aria had n't been able to speak to any of them . 
 every time she 'd tried to get up , the nurses had swept into her room and told her that she needed to relax and get some sleep . 
 right . 
 like that was going to happen again . 
 aria had no idea what to think about the ordeal she 'd just been through . 
 one minute , she was sprinting through the forest to spencer 's barn , the piece of time capsule flag she 'd stolen from ali in sixth grade tucked in her back pocket . 
 she had n't looked at the shiny blue fabric in four long years , but hanna was convinced the drawings on it contained a clue about ali 's killer . 
 and then , just as aria had slipped on a patch of wet leaves , the acrid smell of gas had filled her nostrils and she 'd heard the papery rasp of a match igniting . 
 all around her , the woods exploded into flames , burning hot and bright and searing her skin . 
 moments later , she came upon someone in the woods screaming desperately for help . 
 someone whose body they 'd all thought was in that half-dug hole in the dilaurentises ' old backyard . 
 ali . 
 or so aria had thought at the time . 
 but now ... well , now she did n't know . 
 she looked at her reflection in the mirror hanging on the door . 
 her cheeks were gaunt , her eyes rimmed with red . 
 the er doctor who 'd treated aria explained that it was common to see crazy things after inhaling a bunch of noxious smoke-when deprived of oxygen , the brain went haywire . 
 the forest had been really suffocating . 
 and ali had seemed so hazy and surreal , definitely like a dream . 
 aria had n't known that group hallucinations were possible , but they 'd all had ali on their minds last night . 
 maybe it was obvious why ali was the first thing each of them thought of when their brains began to shut down . 
 after aria finished changing into the jeans and sweater byron had brought her from home , she made her way to spencer 's room on the second floor . 
 mr. and mrs. hastings were slumped on chairs in the waiting area across the hall , checking their blackberrys . 
 hanna and emily were already inside the room , dressed in jeans and sweaters , but spencer was still in bed in her hospital gown . 
 iv tubes fed into her arms , her skin was sallow , and there were dark purple circles under her blue eyes and a bruise on her square jaw . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 aria exclaimed . 
 no one had told her spencer was hurt . 
 spencer nodded weakly , using the little remote on the side of the bed to sit up straighter . 
 `` i 'm much better now . 
 they say smoke inhalation can sometimes affect people really differently . '' 
 aria looked around . 
 the room smelled of sickness and bleach . 
 there was a monitor in the corner tracking spencer 's vital signs , and a small chrome sink with stacks of boxes of surgical gloves in the corner . 
 the walls were wasabi green , and next to the floral-curtained window was a big poster explaining how to self-administer the monthly breast exam . 
 predictably , some kid had drawn a penis next to the woman 's boob . 
 emily was perched on a child-size chair near the window , her reddish-blond hair tangled , her thin lips cracked . 
 she shifted uncomfortably , her broad swimmer 's body too big for the seat . 
 hanna was by the door , leaning against a sign proclaiming that all hospital employees must wear gloves . 
 her hazel eyes were glazed and vacant . 
 she looked even frailer than usual , her skinny , dark-denim jeans hanging loosely on her hips . 
 wordlessly , aria pulled ali 's flag from her yak-fur bag and spread it on spencer 's bed . 
 everyone moved in and stared . 
 shiny silver doodles covered the fabric . 
 there was a chanel logo , a louis vuitton luggage pattern , and ali 's name in big bubble letters . 
 a stone wishing well , complete with an a-frame roof and crank , was in the corner . 
 aria traced the outline of the well with her finger . 
 she did n't see any glaring , vital clues here about what might have happened to ali the night she was killed . 
 this was the same kind of stuff everyone drew on their time capsule flags . 
 spencer touched the edge of the fabric . 
 `` i forgot ali made bubble letters like that . '' 
 hanna shivered . 
 `` just seeing ali 's writing makes me think she 's here with us . '' 
 everyone raised their heads , exchanging a spooked glance . 
 it was obvious they were all thinking the same thing . 
 just like she was with us in the woods a few hours ago . 
 at that , they all spoke at once . 
 `` we 've got to - '' aria blurted . 
 `` what did we - '' hanna whispered . 
 `` the doctor said - '' spencer hissed a half-second later . 
 they all stopped and looked at one another , their cheeks as pale as the pillowcases behind spencer 's head . 
 it was emily who spoke next . 
 `` we 've got to do something , guys . 
 ali is out there . 
 we need to figure out where she went . 
 has anyone heard anything about people looking for her in the woods ? 
 i told the cops we saw her , but they just stood there ! '' 
 aria 's heart flipped . 
 spencer looked incredulous . 
 `` you told the cops ? '' 
 she repeated , pushing a strand of dirty blond hair out of her eyes . 
 `` of course i did ! '' 
 emily whispered . 
 `` but ... emily ... '' `` what ? '' 
 emily snapped . 
 she glared at spencer crazily , as if there was a unicorn horn growing out of her forehead . 
 `` em , it was just a hallucination . 
 the doctors said so . 
 ali 's dead . '' 
 emily 's eyes boggled . 
 `` but we all saw her , did n't we ? 
 are you saying we all had the exact same hallucination ? '' 
 spencer stared unblinking at emily . 
 a few tense seconds passed . 
 outside the room , a beeper went off . 
 a hospital bed with a squeaky wheel rolled down the hall . 
 emily let out a whimper . 
 her cheeks had turned bright pink . 
 she turned to hanna and aria . 
 `` you guys think ali was real , right ? '' 
 `` it could have been ali , i guess , '' aria said , sinking into a spare wheelchair by the tiny bathroom . 
 `` but , em , the doctor told me it was smoke inhalation . 
 it makes sense . 
 how else could she have just vanished after the fire ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' hanna said weakly . 
 `` and where would she have been hiding all this time ? '' 
 emily slapped her arms to her sides violently . 
 the iv pole next to her rattled . 
 `` hanna , you said you saw ali standing over you in your hospital bed the last time you were here . 
 maybe it really was her ! '' 
 hanna fiddled with the high heel of her suede boot , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` hanna was in a coma when she saw ali , '' spencer jumped in . 
 `` it was obviously a dream . '' 
 undaunted , emily pointed at aria . 
 `` you pulled someone out of the woods last night . 
 if it was n't ali , then who was it ? '' 
 aria shrugged , running her hands along the spokes on one of the wheelchair 's wheels . 
 out the big window , the sun was just coming up . 
 there was a line of shiny bmws , mercedes , and audis in the hospital parking lot . 
 it was amazing how normal everything looked after such a crazy night . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she admitted . 
 `` the woods were so dark . 
 and ... oh shit . '' 
 she dug in the inner pocket of her bag . 
 `` i found this last night . '' 
 she opened her palm and showed them the familiar-looking rosewood day class ring with a bright blue stone . 
 the inscription on the inside of the band said ian thomas . 
 when they 'd discovered ian 's supposedly dead body in the woods last week , the ring had been on ian 's finger . 
 `` it was just lying there in the dirt , '' she explained . 
 `` i do n't know how the cops did n't find it . '' 
 emily gasped . 
 spencer looked confused . 
 hanna snatched the ring from aria 's palm and held it to the light above spencer 's bed . 
 `` maybe it fell off ian 's finger when he escaped ? '' 
 `` what should we do with it ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 `` turn it in to the cops ? '' 
 `` definitely not , '' spencer said . 
 `` it seems a little convenient that we see ian 's body in the woods , make the cops search the place , they find nothing , and then voila ! 
 we find a ring just like that . 
 it makes us look suspicious . 
 you probably should n't have picked it up at all . 
 it 's evidence . '' 
 aria crossed her arms over her fair isle sweater . 
 `` how was i supposed to know that ? 
 so what should i do ? 
 put it back where i found it ? '' 
 `` no , '' spencer instructed . 
 `` the cops will be mobbing those woods again because of the fire . 
 they might notice you putting it back and ask questions . 
 just hold on to it for now , i guess . '' 
 emily shifted impatiently in the little chair . 
 `` you saw ali after you found the ring . 
 right , aria ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' aria admitted . 
 she tried to think about those frantic minutes in the woods . 
 they were growing blurrier and blurrier . 
 `` i never actually touched her ... . '' 
 emily stood up . 
 `` what is wrong with you guys ? 
 why do you suddenly not believe what we saw ? '' 
 `` em , '' spencer said gently . 
 `` you 're getting really emotional . '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 emily cried . 
 her cheeks flushed bright pink , making her freckles stand out . 
 they were interrupted by a loud , squawking alarm in an adjacent room . 
 nurses yelled . 
 there were frantic footsteps . 
 a sick feeling welled in aria 's stomach . 
 she wondered if it was the alarm warning that someone was dying . 
 a few moments later , the wing fell silent again . 
 spencer cleared her throat . 
 `` the most important thing is figuring out who set that fire . 
 that 's what the cops need to concentrate on right now . 
 someone tried to kill us last night . '' 
 `` not just someone , '' hanna whispered . 
 `` them . '' 
 spencer looked at aria . 
 `` we got in touch with ian in the barn . 
 he told us everything . 
 he 's sure jason and wilden did it . 
 everything we talked about last night is true , and they 're definitely out to keep us quiet . '' 
 aria 's chest heaved , remembering something else . 
 `` when i was in the woods , i saw someone set the fire . '' 
 spencer sat up even more , her eyes saucers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` did you see their face ? '' 
 hanna exclaimed . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 aria shut her eyes , calling back the horrible memory . 
 moments after she 'd found ian 's ring , she 'd seen someone skulking through the woods only a few paces ahead of her , his hood pulled tight and his face in the shadows . 
 instantly , she felt in her bones that it was someone she knew . 
 when she realized what he was doing , her limbs froze . 
 she felt powerless to stop him . 
 in seconds , the flames were speeding along the forest floor , making a hungry beeline for her feet . 
 she felt her friends ' stares , waiting for her answer . 
 `` whoever it was had a hood on , '' aria admitted . 
 `` but i 'm pretty sure it was ... '' then she trailed off at the sound of a loud , long creak . 
 slowly , the door to spencer 's hospital room swung open . 
 a figure emerged in the doorway , his body backlit in the bright hall . 
 when aria saw his face , her heart jumped to her throat . 
 do n't pass out , she told herself , instantly feeling woozy . 
 it was one of the people a had warned them about . 
 the person aria was almost certain she 'd seen in the woods . 
 one of ali 's killers . 
 officer darren wilden . 
 `` hello , girls . '' 
 wilden strutted through the door . 
 his green eyes were bright , and his handsome , angular face was chapped from the cold . 
 his rosewood police uniform fit him snugly , showing off how in shape he was . 
 then he paused at the edge of spencer 's bed , finally noticing the girls ' unwelcoming expressions . 
 `` what ? '' 
 they exchanged terrified glances . 
 finally , spencer cleared her throat . 
 `` we know what you did . '' 
 wilden leaned against the bed frame , careful not to bump into spencer 's iv fluids . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` i just called for the nurse , '' spencer said in a louder , more projected voice , the one she often used when she was on stage for the rosewood day drama club . 
 `` she 'll call security before you can hurt us . 
 we know you set that fire . 
 and we know why . '' 
 deep creases etched wilden 's forehead . 
 a vein bulged in his neck . 
 aria 's heart beat so loudly it drowned out all the other sounds in the room . 
 no one moved . 
 the longer wilden glared at them , the tenser aria felt . 
 finally , wilden shifted his weight . 
 `` the fire in the woods ? '' 
 he let out a dubious sniff . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` i saw you buying propane at home depot , '' hanna said shakily , her shoulders rigid . 
 `` you were putting three jugs into the car , easily enough to burn those woods . 
 and why were n't you on the scene after the fire ? 
 every other rosewood cop was . '' 
 `` i saw your car speeding away from spencer 's house , '' emily piped up , curling her knees into her chest . 
 `` like you were fleeing the scene of the crime . '' 
 aria sneaked a peek at emily , uncertain . 
 she had n't noticed a cop car leaving spencer 's house last night . 
 wilden leaned against the little metal sink in the corner . 
 `` girls . 
 why would i set fire to those woods ? '' 
 `` you were covering up what you did to ali , '' spencer said . 
 `` you and jason . '' 
 emily turned to spencer . 
 `` he did n't do anything to ali . 
 ali 's alive . '' 
 wilden jerked and glanced at emily for a moment . 
 then he appraised the other girls , a look of betrayal on his face . 
 `` you really believe i tried to hurt you ? '' 
 he asked them . 
 the girls nodded almost imperceptibly . 
 wilden shook his head . 
 `` but i 'm trying to help you ! '' 
 when there was still no response , he sighed . 
 `` jesus . 
 fine . 
 i was with my uncle last night when the fire broke out . 
 i lived with him in high school , and he 's really sick . '' 
 he shoved his hands into his jacket pockets and whipped out a piece of paper . 
 `` here . '' 
 aria and the others leaned over . 
 it was a receipt from cvs . 
 `` i was picking up a prescription for my uncle at nine fifty-seven , and i heard the fire started around ten , '' wilden said . 
 `` i 'm probably even on the drugstore 's security camera . 
 how could i be in two places at once ? '' 
 the room suddenly smelled pungently of wilden 's musky cologne , making aria woozy . 
 was it possible wilden was n't the guy she 'd seen in the woods lighting the fire ? 
 `` and as for the propane , '' wilden went on , touching the large bouquet of flowers that sat on spencer 's nightstand , `` jason dilaurentis asked me to buy it for his lake house in the poconos . 
 he 's been busy , and we 're old friends , so i said i 'd do it for him . '' 
 aria glanced at the others , taken aback by wilden 's nonchalance . 
 last night , finding out that jason and wilden were friends had seemed like a huge breakthrough , a secret busted open . 
 now , in the light of day , with his open admission , it did n't seem to matter very much at all . 
 `` and as for what jason and i did to alison ... '' wilden trailed off , stopping by a little tray on wheels that held a small pitcher of water and two foam cups . 
 he looked dumbstruck . 
 `` it 's crazy to think i 'd hurt her . 
 and jason 's her brother ! 
 you really think he 's capable of that ? '' 
 aria opened her mouth to protest . 
 last night , emily had found a sign-in ledger from when the radley was a mental hospital with jason dilaurentis 's name all through it . 
 new a had also teased aria that jason was hiding something-possibly about issues with ali-and tipped off emily that jenna and jason were fighting in jenna 's window . 
 aria had n't wanted to believe that jason was guilty-she 'd gone on a few dates with him the week before , fulfilling a longtime crush-but jason had flown off the handle when aria had gone to his apartment in yarmouth on friday . 
 wilden was shaking his head with utter disbelief . 
 he seemed so blindsided by all this , which made aria wonder if anything a had led them to believe was even remotely true . 
 she gazed questioningly at her friends . 
 their faces were laced with doubt , too . 
 wilden shut spencer 's door , then turned around and glared at them . 
 `` let me guess , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` did your new a plant these ideas in your heads ? '' 
 `` a is real , '' emily insisted . 
 time and again , wilden had insisted that new a was nothing more than a copycat . 
 `` a took pictures of you , too , '' she went on . 
 she rifled through her pocket , pulled out her phone , and scrolled to the picture message of wilden going to confession . 
 aria caught sight of a 's accompanying note : what 's he so guilty about ? 
 `` see ? '' 
 emily dangled it under his nose . 
 wilden stared at the screen . 
 his expression did n't change . 
 `` i did n't know it was a crime to go to church . '' 
 scowling , emily stuffed her phone back into her swim bag . 
 a long pause followed . 
 wilden pinched the flap of skin at the bridge of his long , sloped nose . 
 it seemed like all the air in the room had seeped out the windows . 
 `` look . 
 i need to tell you what i really came in here for . '' 
 his irises were so dark they looked black . 
 `` you girls have to stop saying you saw alison . '' 
 everyone exchanged a startled glance . 
 spencer looked a bit vindicated , raising a perfectly arched eyebrow as if to say , i told you so . 
 predictably , emily was the first to speak . 
 `` you want us to lie ? '' 
 `` you did n't see her . '' 
 wilden 's voice was gruff . 
 `` if you keep saying you did , it 's going to bring a lot of unwanted attention on you . 
 you think the backlash was bad when you said you saw ian 's body ? 
 this will be ten times worse . '' 
 aria shifted her weight , fiddling with the cuff of her hooded sweater . 
 wilden was speaking to them like he was a south philly cop and they were meth dealers . 
 but what had they done that was so wrong ? 
 `` this is n't fair , '' emily protested . 
 `` she needs our help . '' 
 wilden raised his hands to the white popcorn ceiling in defeat . 
 his sleeves were rolled to his elbows , revealing a tattoo of an eight-pointed star . 
 emily was glancing at the star too . 
 from her narrowed eyes and wrinkled nose , aria guessed she was n't a fan . 
 `` i 'm going to tell you something that 's supposed to be top secret , '' wilden said , lowering his voice . 
 `` the dna results for the body the workers found in the hole are at the station . 
 it 's a perfect match for alison , girls . 
 she 's dead . 
 so do what i say , okay ? 
 i really am looking out for your best interest . '' 
 at that , he flipped open his phone , strode out of the room , and slammed the door hard . 
 the foam cups on the food tray wobbled precariously . 
 aria turned back to her friends . 
 spencer 's lips were pressed together fretfully . 
 hanna chewed anxiously on a thumbnail . 
 emily blinked her round , green eyes , stunned into speechlessness . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 aria whispered . 
 emily whimpered , spencer fiddled with her iv , and hanna looked like she was going to keel over . 
 all their perfectly crafted theories had gone up in smoke-literally . 
 maybe wilden had n't set the fire-but aria had seen someone out there in the woods . 
 which unfortunately meant only one thing . 
 whoever had lit that match was still out there . 
 whoever had tried to kill them was still on the loose , maybe waiting for a chance to try it again . 
 chapter 3 if only someone had scammed spencer years ago ... as the dim , midwinter sunday sun disappeared over the horizon , spencer stood in her family 's backyard , surveying the fire 's destruction . 
 her mother stood next to her ; her eye makeup was smudged , her foundation blotchy , and her hair limp-she had n't gotten her daily blowout from uri , her hairdresser , this morning . 
 spencer 's dad was there too , for once without his bluetooth headset fastened to his ear . 
 his mouth wobbled slightly , as if he was trying to hold in a sob . 
 everything around them was ruined . 
 the towering , old-growth trees were blackened and battered , and a stinky gray haze hung over the treetops . 
 the family 's windmill was now not much more than a carcass , the blades charred , the latticework splintered and crumbled . 
 the hastingses ' lawn was crisscrossed with tire treads from the emergency vehicles that had rushed to the fire . 
 cigarette butts , empty starbucks cups , and even a drained can of beer were strewn across the grass , remnants of the rubberneckers who had swarmed the scene and lingered long after spencer and the others had been taken to the er . 
 but the worst , most heartbreaking result of the fire was what it had done to the family 's barn apartment , which had been standing since 1756 . 
 half the structure was still intact , though the wood siding , once cherry red , was now a charred , toxic gray . 
 most of the roof was missing , all of the leaded glass in the windows had blown out , and the front door was a pile of ash . 
 spencer could see straight through the empty shell into the barn 's great room . 
 there was a huge puddle of water on the brazilian cherrywood floor , left over from the gallons of water the firemen had pumped into the barn . 
 the four-poster bed , plush leather couch , and mahogany coffee table were ruined . 
 so was the desk where spencer , emily , and hanna had gathered just the night before , iming ian about who really killed ali . 
 only , it looked like jason and wilden were n't ali 's murderers . 
 which meant spencer was back to knowing absolutely nothing . 
 she turned away from the barn , her eyes tearing up from the gas fumes . 
 closer to the house was the spot where she and her friends had collapsed on the lawn after running from the flames . 
 like the rest of the yard , it was littered with trash and soot , and the grass was scrubby and dead . 
 there was nothing special about it at all , no magical indication that ali had been there . 
 then again , ali had n't been there-they 'd hallucinated her . 
 it had been nothing more than a side effect of inhaling too much smoke . 
 workers had found her decomposed body in the dilaurentises ' old backyard months ago . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' spencer whispered as a piece of red roofing dislodged itself from the barn and tumbled to the ground with a thud . 
 slowly , mrs. hastings reached out and grabbed spencer 's hand . 
 mr. hastings touched her shoulder . 
 before spencer knew it , both her parents were wrapping their arms around her , engulfing her in a shaking , blubbering hug . 
 `` i do n't know what we would have done if something had happened to you , '' mrs. hastings cried . 
 `` when we saw the fire , and then when we heard you might be hurt ... '' mr. hastings trailed off . 
 `` none of this matters , '' mrs. hastings went on , her voice thick with sobs . 
 `` all of this could 've burned down . 
 at least we still have you . '' 
 spencer clung to her parents , her breath catching in her bruised throat . 
 in the past twenty-four hours , her parents had been beyond wonderful to her . 
 they 'd sat by her hospital bed all night , hyper-vigilantly watching spencer 's chest rise and fall with every ragged breath . 
 they 'd bugged the nurses about getting spencer water as soon as she wanted it , pain pills as soon as she needed them , and warmer blankets when she felt cold . 
 when the doctor discharged her this afternoon , they 'd taken her to the creamery , her favorite ice cream parlor in old hollis , and bought her a double scoop of maple chip . 
 it was a big change-for years , they 'd treated her like the unwanted kid they begrudgingly let live in their home . 
 and when she 'd recently come clean about plagiarizing her award-winning golden orchid essay from her perfect sister , melissa , they 'd basically excommunicated her . 
 only now there really was a reason for them to hate her , and the minute spencer told them , their concern , their rare show of love , would vanish . 
 spencer squeezed them hard , savoring the very last moment they 'd probably ever speak to her again . 
 she 'd put this off for as long as she possibly could , but she had to tell them sometime . 
 she stepped back and squared her shoulders . 
 `` there 's something you need to know , '' she admitted , her voice hoarse from the smoky air . 
 `` is it about alison ? '' 
 mrs. hastings 's voice swooped . 
 `` because , spence - '' spencer shook her head , cutting her off . 
 `` no . 
 something else . '' 
 she gazed at the blackened branches high in the sky . 
 then the truth spilled out in rapid succession . 
 how , after spencer 's grandmother , nana hastings , did n't leave spencer any money in her will , melissa suggested spencer might have been adopted . 
 how spencer registered with an online adoption site and just days later received a message that her birth mother had been found . 
 how her visit with olivia caldwell in new york had been so wonderful that spencer decided she wanted to move to the city permanently . 
 spencer just kept talking , afraid that if she stopped , she 'd burst into tears . 
 she did n't dare look at her parents , either , for fear their devastated expressions would break her heart . 
 `` she had left behind her real estate agent 's card , so i called and gave him my college savings account number to cover the security deposit and first month 's rent , '' spencer went on , curling her toes inside her gray suede slouch boots . 
 she could barely get the words out . 
 a squirrel scuttled in the grimy underbrush . 
 her father groaned . 
 her mother squeezed her eyes shut and pressed her hand to her forehead . 
 spencer 's heart sank . 
 here we go . 
 commence operation : you 're not our daughter anymore . 
 `` you can guess what happened next . '' 
 she sighed , gazing at a tall birdhouse near the deck . 
 not a single bird had approached it since they 'd been out here . 
 `` the broker was obviously working with olivia , and they cleaned out the account and disappeared . '' 
 she swallowed hard . 
 the backyard was silent and still . 
 now that the sunlight was almost gone , the barn looked like a ghost town relic , the dark windows like hollow eye sockets in a skull . 
 spencer sneaked a peek at her parents . 
 her dad was pale . 
 her mom sucked in her cheeks , as if she 'd swallowed something sour . 
 they exchanged a nervous look , then checked the front yard , perhaps scanning for press vans . 
 reporters had been pulling up to the house all day , grilling spencer about whether she 'd really seen ali . 
 her dad took a deep breath . 
 `` spencer , the money does n't matter . '' 
 spencer blinked , startled . 
 `` we can trace what happened to it , '' mr. hastings explained , wringing his hands . 
 `` it 's possible we 'll be able to get it back . '' 
 he gazed off at the weather vane on top of the roof . 
 `` but ... well , we should have seen it coming too . '' 
 spencer frowned , wondering if her brain was screwed up from inhaling residual fumes from the fire . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 her dad shifted his weight and glanced at his wife . 
 `` i knew we should 've told her years ago , veronica , '' he mumbled . 
 `` i did n't know this was going to happen , '' spencer 's mom squeaked , raising her hands . 
 the air was so chilly , her breath came out in visible puffs . 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 spencer pressed . 
 her heart started to thud . 
 when she breathed in , all she could smell was ash . 
 `` we should go inside , '' mrs. hastings said distractedly . 
 `` it 's awfully cold out here . '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 spencer repeated , planting her feet . 
 she was n't going anywhere . 
 her mother paused for a long time . 
 a creaking noise sounded from inside the barn . 
 finally , mrs. hastings sat down on one of the enormous boulders that peppered the big backyard . 
 `` honey , olivia did give birth to you . '' 
 spencer 's eyes widened . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` kind of gave birth to you , '' mr. hastings corrected . 
 spencer took a step back , a brittle twig snapping under her boot . 
 `` so i was really adopted ? 
 olivia was telling the truth ? '' 
 is this why i feel so different from you guys ? 
 is this why you 've always preferred melissa-because i 'm not really your daughter ? 
 mrs. hastings spun the three-carat diamond on her finger . 
 somewhere deep in the woods , a tree branch fell to the ground with an earsplitting crack . 
 `` this certainly is n't something i thought we 'd discuss today . '' 
 she took a zen-centering breath , shook out her hands , and raised her head . 
 mr. hastings rubbed his gloved hands together fast . 
 suddenly , they both looked so clueless . 
 not like the always-poised , absolutely-in-control parents spencer knew so well . 
 `` melissa 's delivery was complicated . '' 
 mrs. hastings drummed her hands on the slick , heavy boulder . 
 her eyes flickered to the front of the house for a moment , watching as a battered honda slowed at their driveway . 
 curious neighbors had been circling the cul-de-sac all afternoon . 
 `` the doctors told me that giving birth to another child could endanger my health . 
 but we wanted another baby , so we ended up using a surrogate . 
 basically ... we used my egg and your dad 's ... you know . '' 
 she lowered her eyes , too demure and proper to say sperm aloud . 
 `` but we needed a woman to carry the baby-you-for us . 
 so we found olivia . '' 
 `` we screened her thoroughly to make sure she was healthy . '' 
 mr. hastings sat down next to his wife on the rock , barely noticing that his handmade a. testoni loafers had sunk into the sooty mud . 
 `` she seemed to fit what we wanted , and she seemed to want us to have you . 
 only , toward the end of her pregnancy , she started to get ... demanding . 
 she wanted more money from us . 
 she threatened to escape to canada and keep you for herself . '' 
 `` so we paid her more , '' mrs. hastings blurted . 
 she put her blond head in her hands . 
 `` and in the end , she did give you up , obviously . 
 it 's just ... after how possessive she became , we did n't want you to have any contact with her . 
 we decided that the best thing we could do was keep it a secret from you-because , really , you are ours . '' 
 `` but some people did n't get that , '' mr. hastings said , rubbing his salt-and-pepper hair . 
 his cell phone rang in his pocket , playing the first few bars of beethoven 's fifth . 
 he ignored it . 
 `` like nana . 
 she thought it was unnatural , and she never forgave us for doing it . 
 when nana 's will said she was only giving money to her ` natural-born grandchildren , ' we should have come clean . 
 it seems like olivia has been waiting for a moment like this all along . '' 
 the wind calmed down , coming to an eerie standstill . 
 the hastingses ' dogs , rufus and beatrice , clawed at the back door , eager to get out and see what the family was doing . 
 spencer gaped at her parents . 
 mr. and mrs. hastings looked ragged and exhausted , like admitting this had taken everything out of them . 
 it was obvious this was something they had n't talked about in a long time . 
 spencer looked back and forth at them , trying to process it all . 
 their words made sense individually , but not as a whole . 
 `` so olivia carried me , '' she repeated slowly . 
 a shiver went up her spine that had nothing to do with the wind . 
 `` yes , '' mrs. hastings said . 
 `` but we 're your family , spencer . 
 you 're ours . '' 
 `` we wanted you so badly , and olivia was our only option , '' mr. hastings said , gazing up at the purplish clouds . 
 `` lately we seem to have lost sight of how important we all are to one another . 
 and after everything you 've gone through with ian and alison and this fire ... '' he shook his head , staring again at the barn and then at the ruined woods beyond . 
 a crow screeched and circled overhead . 
 `` we should have been there for you . 
 we never wanted you to think you were n't loved . '' 
 her mother tentatively took spencer 's hand and squeezed . 
 `` what if we ... start fresh ? 
 could we try that ? 
 could you forgive us ? '' 
 the wind gusted again and the smell of smoke intensified . 
 a couple of black leaves blew across the lawn into ali 's yard , coming to a stop near the half-dug hole where ali 's body had been found . 
 spencer fiddled with the plastic hospital bracelet that still circled her wrist , oscillating from shock to compassion to anger . 
 in the past six months , her parents had taken away spencer 's barn apartment living privileges and let melissa stay there instead , cut off her credit cards , sold her car , and told her on more than one occasion that she was dead to them . 
 damn right i have n't felt like i had a realfamily , she wanted to scream . 
 damn right you have n't been there for me ! 
 and now they wanted to just wipe the slate clean ? 
 her mother chewed on her lip , twisting a twig she 'd picked up off the ground in her hands . 
 her father seemed to be holding his breath . 
 this was spencer 's decision to make . 
 she could choose to never forgive them , to stamp her foot and stay angry ... but then she saw the pain and regret in their faces . 
 they really meant it . 
 they wanted her to forgive them more than anything . 
 was n't this what she wanted most in the world-parents who loved and wanted her ? 
 `` yes , '' spencer said . 
 `` i forgive you . '' 
 her parents let out an audible sigh and wrapped their arms around her . 
 her dad kissed the top of spencer 's head , his skin smelling like his favorite kiehl 's aftershave . 
 spencer felt like she was floating outside her body . 
 just yesterday , when she 'd discovered her college savings were gone , she 'd assumed her life was over . 
 she 'd actually thought a was behind it all and had punished spencer for not trying hard enough to track down ali 's true killer . 
 but losing that money might have been the best thing that could have happened . 
 as her parents stood back and appraised their younger daughter , spencer attempted a wobbly smile . 
 they wanted her . 
 they really wanted her . 
 then , a slow , roiling wind blew through the yard and another familiar scent tickled her nose . 
 it smelled like ... vanilla soap , the kind ali always used to use . 
 spencer flinched and the horrifying image of ali covered in soot , choking on flames , sped back . 
 she shut her eyes , willing the vision out of her head . 
 no . 
 ali was dead . 
 she had hallucinated her . 
 and that was that . 
 chapter 4 does prada make straitjackets ? 
 as the smell of fresh-brewed starbucks french roast wafted up the stairs , hanna marin lay on her bed , soaking up the last few minutes before she had to get ready for school . 
 mtv2 blared in the background ; her miniature doberman , dot , snoozed fitfully on his back in his burberry doggie bed ; and hanna had just finished polishing her toenails dior pink . 
 now she was talking on the phone to her new boyfriend , mike montgomery . 
 `` thanks again for the aveda stuff . '' 
 she gazed again at the new products sitting on her nightstand . 
 yesterday , when hanna had been leaving the hospital , mike presented her with the deluxe destressing gift basket , which included a cooling eye mask , cucumber-mint body butter , and a handheld massager . 
 hanna had used all of them already , desperate to find a panacea that would wipe the fire-and the bizarre ali sighting-from her mind . 
 the doctors had chalked up the ali vision to smoke inhalation , but it still seemed so real . 
 in some ways , hanna was crushed that it was n't . 
 after all these years , she still had a burning wish for ali to see with her own eyes how much hanna had changed . 
 the last time hanna saw ali , hanna had been a chubby ugly duckling-definitely the dorkiest of the group-and ali always made countless cracks about hanna 's weight , frizzy hair , and bad skin . 
 she 'd probably never have guessed that hanna would transform into a thin , gorgeous , popular swan . 
 sometimes hanna wondered if the only way she 'd truly know for sure that her transformation was complete was if ali gave hanna her blessing . 
 of course , now that could never happen . 
 `` my pleasure , '' mike answered , snapping hanna out of her reverie . 
 `` and be forewarned-i sent some very juicy twitters to some of the press people who were waiting outside the er . 
 just to get them focused on something other than the fire . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 hanna asked , instantly on alert . 
 mike sounded up to something . 
 `` hanna marin in talks with mtv about reality show , '' mike recited . 
 `` multimillion-dollar deal . '' 
 `` awesome . '' 
 hanna let out a breath and started waving her hands around to dry her nails . 
 `` i wrote one about myself , too . 
 mike montgomery turns down date with croatian supermodel . '' 
 `` you turned down a date ? '' 
 hanna giggled flirtatiously . 
 `` that does n't seem like the mike montgomery i know . '' 
 `` who needs croatian supermodels when you have hanna marin ? '' 
 mike said . 
 hanna wriggled with giddy delight . 
 if someone had told her a few weeks ago that she 'd be dating mike montgomery , she would have swallowed her crest whitestrip in surprise-she 'd only pursued mike because her soon-to-be stepsister , kate , wanted him too . 
 but somehow in the process , she 'd actually started to like him . 
 with his ice blue eyes , pink , kissable lips , and raunchy sense of humor , he was becoming more than just aria montgomery 's popularity-obsessed younger brother to her . 
 she stood up , crossed the room to her closet , and ran her fingers along ali 's piece of the time capsule flag , which she 'd taken at the hospital when aria was n't looking . 
 she did n't feel guilty about it , either-it was n't like the flag belonged to aria . 
 `` so i heard that you guys were getting notes from a new a , '' mike said . 
 his voice was suddenly serious . 
 `` i have n't gotten any notes from a , '' hanna said truthfully . 
 since she 'd gotten her new iphone and changed her number , a had left her alone . 
 it was certainly a welcome change from the old a , who had horribly turned out to be hanna 's former bestie , mona vanderwaal-something she tried very hard never to think about . 
 `` let 's hope it stays that way . '' 
 `` well , let me know if there 's anything i can do , '' mike assured her . 
 `` kick someone 's ass , whatever . '' 
 `` aw . '' 
 hanna flushed with pleasure . 
 no other boyfriend had ever offered to defend her honor . 
 she made a kissing sound , promised she and mike would meet for lattes at steam , rosewood 's coffee bar , this afternoon , and hung up . 
 then she padded down to the kitchen for breakfast , pulling a brush through her long auburn hair . 
 the kitchen smelled like mint tea and fresh fruit . 
 her soon-to-be stepmother , isabel , and kate were already at the table , eating bowls of cut-up melon and cottage cheese . 
 hanna could n't think of a more vomit-inspiring food combination . 
 when they saw hanna in the doorway , they both leapt to their feet . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 they gushed at the same time . 
 `` fine , '' hanna answered tightly , scraping the brush against her scalp . 
 predictably , isabel began to wince-she was a germaphobe , and had a thing against hair-brushing near food . 
 hanna plopped down in an empty chair and reached for the carafe of coffee . 
 isabel and kate sat back down , and there was a long , pregnant pause , like hanna had interrupted something . 
 they 'd probably been gossiping about her . 
 she would n't put it past either of them . 
 hanna 's father had been dating isabel for years-even ali had met both isabel and kate a few months before she disappeared-but they 'd only begun living in rosewood after hanna 's mother was transferred to singapore and hanna 's father took a job in philly . 
 it was bad enough that her dad had decided to marry a fake-tan-obsessed er nurse named isabel-such a trade down from hanna 's glamorous , successful mother-but throwing a tall , skinny stepsister hanna 's exact same age into the mix was just unbearable . 
 in the two weeks since kate had moved in , hanna had had to endure her daily medley of american idol songs in the shower , the foul-smelling raw-egg conditioner kate concocted to keep her hair shiny , and her father 's bottomless praise for every tiny thing kate did well , as if she were his real daughter . 
 not to mention that kate had won over hanna 's new underlings naomi zeigler and riley wolfe and then told mike that hanna had asked him out on a bet . 
 then again , at a party a couple weeks ago , hanna had blurted out that kate had herpes , so maybe they were even now . 
 `` melon ? '' 
 kate asked sweetly , pushing the bowl toward hanna with her annoyingly thin arms . 
 `` no thanks , '' hanna said in the same saccharine tone . 
 it seemed like they 'd called a cease-fire at the radley party-kate had even smiled when hanna and mike got together-but hanna was n't about to push it . 
 then kate gasped . 
 `` oops , '' she whispered , pulling the opinions section of this morning 's philadelphia sentinel toward her plate . 
 she tried to fold it before hanna saw the headline , but it was too late . 
 there was a large picture of hanna , spencer , emily , and aria standing in front of the burning woods . 
 how many lies can we allow ? 
 screamed one of the essays . 
 according to best friends , alison dilaurentis rises from the dead . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , hanna . '' 
 kate covered the story with her bowl of cottage cheese . 
 `` it 's fine , '' hanna snapped , trying to swallow her embarrassment . 
 what was wrong with these reporters ? 
 were n't there more important things in the world to obsess over ? 
 and hello , it was smoke inhalation ! 
 kate took a dainty bite of melon . 
 `` i want to help , han . 
 if you need me to , like , be your advocate with the press-go on camera and stuff like that-i 'd be happy to . '' 
 `` thanks , '' hanna said sarcastically . 
 kate was such an attention whore . 
 then she noticed a photo of wilden on the part of the opinions page that was still visible . 
 rosewoodpd , said the headline under his photo . 
 are they really doing everything they can ? 
 now that was an op-ed worth reading . 
 wilden might not have killed ali , but he 'd certainly been acting bizarrely over the past few weeks . 
 like how he 'd given hanna a ride home from her jog one morning , driving at twice the speed limit and playing chicken with an oncoming car . 
 or how he 'd vehemently demanded that they stop saying ali was alive ... or else . 
 was wilden really trying to protect them , or did he have his own reasons for keeping them quiet about ali ? 
 and if wilden was innocent , who the hell set that fire ... and why ? 
 `` hanna . 
 good . 
 you 're up . '' 
 hanna turned around . 
 her father stood in the doorway , dressed in a button-down and pin-striped pants . 
 his hair was still wet from the shower . 
 `` can we talk to you for a minute ? '' 
 he asked , pouring himself a cup of coffee . 
 hanna lowered the paper . 
 we ? 
 mr. marin walked to the table and pulled back a chair . 
 it scraped noisily against the tile . 
 `` a few days ago i received an e-mail from dr. atkinson . '' 
 he was staring at hanna as if she should understand . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` the school 's psychologist , '' isabel piped up in a know-it-all voice . 
 `` he 's very nice . 
 kate met him when she was touring the school . 
 he insists that students call him dave . '' 
 hanna fought the urge to snort . 
 what , had goody-goody kate sucked up to the entire rosewood day staff during her tour of the school ? 
 `` dr. atkinson said he 's been keeping an eye on you at school , '' her father went on . 
 `` he 's very concerned , hanna . 
 he thinks you may have post-traumatic stress disorder from alison 's death and your car accident . '' 
 hanna swirled the remaining coffee in her cup . 
 `` is n't ptsd the thing soldiers get ? '' 
 mr. marin spun the thin platinum ring he wore on his right hand . 
 the ring had been a gift from isabel , and when they got married , he was going to switch it over to his left . 
 barf . 
 `` well , apparently it can happen to anyone who 's gone through something really terrible , '' he explained . 
 `` usually people get cold sweats , heart palpitations , stuff like that . 
 they also relive what happened over and over . '' 
 hanna traced the wood grain pattern on the kitchen table . 
 all right , she had been experiencing symptoms like that , usually experiencing the moment when mona mowed her down with her suv . 
 but c'mon - anyone would freak about that . 
 `` i 've been feeling great , '' she chirped . 
 `` i did n't think much of the letter at first , '' mr. marin went on , ignoring her , `` but i pulled a psychiatrist aside at the hospital yesterday before you were discharged . 
 sweats and palpitations are n't the only symptoms of ptsd . 
 it can manifest itself in lots of other ways , too . 
 like self-destructive eating patterns , for example . '' 
 `` i do n't have eating problems , '' hanna snapped , horrified . 
 `` you guys see me eat all the time ! '' 
 isabel cleared her throat , glancing pointedly at kate . 
 kate wound a piece of chestnut hair around her finger . 
 `` it 's just , hanna ... '' she gazed at hanna with her enormous blue eyes . 
 `` you kind of told me you do . '' 
 hanna 's jaw dropped . 
 `` you told them ? '' 
 a few weeks ago , in a moment of insanity , hanna had spilled to kate that she used to have an eensy-weensy binge-purge problem . 
 `` i thought it was for your own good , '' kate whispered . 
 `` i swear . '' 
 `` the psychiatrist said lying could also be a symptom , '' mr. marin went on . 
 `` first telling everyone you saw ian thomas 's dead body in the woods , and now with you girls saying you saw alison . 
 and that got me thinking about the lies you 've told us-sneaking out of our dinner last fall to go to that dance at school , stealing percocet from the burn clinic , shoplifting from tiffany , crashing your boyfriend 's car , even telling your whole class that kate had ... '' he trailed off , clearly not wanting to say herpes aloud . 
 `` dr. atkinson suggests that it might be best if you took a few weeks off from all this craziness . 
 go somewhere where you can relax and focus on your problems . '' 
 hanna brightened . 
 `` like hawaii ? '' 
 her father bit his lip . 
 `` no ... like a facility . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 hanna slammed her mug down . 
 hot coffee sloshed over the side , burning the side of her index finger . 
 mr. marin reached into his pocket and pulled out a pamphlet . 
 two blond girls were strolling down a grassy lane , the sun setting in the background . 
 they both had bad dye jobs and fat legs . 
 the preserve at addison-stevens said swirly writing at the bottom . 
 `` it 's the best in the country , '' her father said . 
 `` it treats all kinds of things-learning disabilities , eating disorders , ocd , depression . 
 and it 's not too far from here , just over the border in delaware . 
 there 's an entire ward dedicated to young patients , like you . '' 
 hanna stared blankly at a wreath of dried flowers isabel had hung up when she took ownership of the house , replacing hanna 's mother 's far more preferable stainless-steel wall clock . 
 `` i do n't have problems , '' she squeaked . 
 `` i do n't need to go to a mental institution . '' 
 `` it 's not a mental institution , '' isabel chirped . 
 `` think of it as more like ... a spa . 
 people call it the canyon ranch of delaware . '' 
 hanna wanted to wring isabel 's scrawny , faux-orange neck . 
 had n't she ever heard of euphemisms ? 
 people also called the berlitz apartment town , a dumpy , dilapidated housing complex on the outskirts of rosewood , the berlitz-carlton , but no one took that literally . 
 `` maybe it 's a good time to escape from rosewood , '' kate simpered , in an equally i know what 's best voice . 
 `` especially the reporters . '' 
 hanna 's dad nodded . 
 `` i had to chase one guy off the property yesterday-he was trying to use a telescopic lens to get a picture of you in your bedroom , hanna . '' 
 `` and someone called here last night , wanting to know if you 'd give a statement on nancy grace , '' isabel added . 
 `` it 's only going to get worse , '' mr. marin concluded . 
 `` and do n't worry , '' kate said , taking another bite of melon . 
 `` naomi , riley , and i will still be here when you get back . '' 
 `` but ... '' hanna trailed off . 
 how could her dad believe this bullshit ? 
 so she 'd lied a few times . 
 it had always been for a good reason-she 'd ditched out on their dinner at le bec-fin last fall because a had warned that her then recently ex-boyfriend , sean ackard , was at the foxy benefit with another girl . 
 she 'd told everyone kate had herpes because she was sure kate was going to tell everyone about hanna 's eating issues . 
 who cared ? 
 that did n't mean she had post-traumatic stress whatever . 
 it was another painful reminder of how far apart hanna and her dad had grown . 
 when hanna 's parents were still married , she and her father had been two peas in a pod , but after isabel and kate came along , hanna was suddenly as obsolete as shoulder pads . 
 why did her dad hate her so much now ? 
 and then , her blood pressure plummeted . 
 of course . 
 a had finally found her . 
 she stood up from the table , jostling the ceramic pot of mint tea near her plate . 
 `` that letter is n't from dr. atkinson . 
 someone else wrote it to hurt me . '' 
 isabel folded her hands on the table . 
 `` who would do that ? '' 
 hanna swallowed hard . 
 `` a. '' kate covered her mouth with her hand . 
 hanna 's father laid his cup on the table . 
 `` hanna , '' he said in a kindergarten-slow voice . 
 `` mona was a. and she died , remember ? '' 
 `` no , '' hanna protested . 
 `` there 's a new a. '' kate , isabel , and hanna 's father exchanged nervous looks , as if hanna was an unpredictable animal that needed a tranquilizer dart in her butt . 
 `` honey ... '' mr. marin said . 
 `` you 're not really making sense . '' 
 `` this is just what a wants , '' hanna cried . 
 `` why do n't you believe me ? '' 
 suddenly , she felt overwhelmingly dizzy . 
 her legs went numb and a faint buzzing sounded in her ears . 
 the walls closed in , and the minty aroma of tea turned her stomach . 
 in a blink , hanna was standing in the dark rosewood day parking lot . 
 mona 's suv was barreling down on her , its headlights two angry homing beacons . 
 her palms began to sweat . 
 her throat burned . 
 she saw mona 's face behind the wheel , her lips pulled back in a diabolical grin . 
 hanna covered her face , bracing for impact . 
 she heard someone scream . 
 after a few seconds , she realized it was her . 
 it was over as quickly as it had begun . 
 when hanna opened her eyes , she was lying on the floor , clutching her chest . 
 her face felt hot and wet . 
 kate , isabel , and hanna 's father loomed over her , their brows furrowed with concern . 
 hanna 's miniature doberman , dot , was frantically licking hanna 's bare ankles . 
 her father helped her up and back into a chair . 
 `` i really think this is for the best , '' he said gently . 
 hanna wanted to protest , but she knew it was n't any use . 
 she rested her head on the table , addled and shaky . 
 all the sounds around her grew sharp and acute in her ears . 
 the fridge hummed softly . 
 a garbage truck rumbled down the hill . 
 and then , underneath that , she heard something else . 
 the hair on the back of her neck rose . 
 maybe she was crazy , but she swore she heard ... a laugh . 
 it sounded like someone snickering gleefully , delighted that things were going precisely according to plan . 
 chapter 5 a spiritual awakening monday morning , byron offered to drive aria to school in his ancient honda civic since aria 's subaru was still on the fritz . 
 she moved a pile of slides , battered textbooks , and papers off the passenger seat to the back . 
 the area below her feet was littered with empty coffee cups , soyjoy wrappers , and a bunch of receipts from sunshine , the eco-friendly baby store that byron and his girlfriend , meredith , shopped at . 
 byron turned the ignition , and the old diesel engine grumbled to life . 
 one of his acid jazz tapes blared through the speakers . 
 aria stared at the blackened and twisted trees in her backyard . 
 little curls of smoke rose from the woods , the fire still smoldering in places . 
 an entire roll of yellow do not cross tape had been strung up along the tree line , as the woods were now too brittle and dangerous to enter . 
 aria had heard on the news this morning that cops were combing through the woods in search of an answer as to who might have set the fire , and last night she 'd received a call from the rosewood pd , wanting to know about the person she 'd seen in the woods with the can of gasoline . 
 now that the person definitely was n't wilden , aria did n't have much to tell them . 
 it could have been anyone under that enormous hood . 
 aria held her breath as they rolled past the large colonial that belonged to ian thomas 's family . 
 the lawn was covered with morning frost , the red mailbox flag was up , and a couple of coupon circulars were scattered on the thomases ' driveway . 
 there was fresh graffiti on the garage door that said murderer , the paint an exact match to the killer graffiti someone had painted on spencer 's garage door . 
 on instinct , aria reached into her yak-fur bag and felt for ian 's class ring in the inside pocket . 
 she 'd been tempted just to give it to wilden yesterday-she did n't want to be responsible for it-but spencer had a point . 
 the rosewood pd had missed the ring entirely during their massive search through the woods ; they might assume aria had planted it there . 
 but why had n't they found the ring ? 
 maybe they had n't searched the woods at all . 
 and where was ian , anyway ? 
 why had he given them the wrong information in his ims ? 
 and how had he not noticed that his ring was gone ? 
 aria doubted that it had just slipped off his finger-the only time that had happened to her was when she washed out brushes after painting , and she always noticed her rings falling off right away . 
 was it possible that ian was dead , and that the ring had fallen off him as someone roughly dragged his body away when aria and the others had run back to find wilden ? 
 but if that was the case , then who was speaking with them on im ? 
 she sighed loudly , and byron gave her a surreptitious look . 
 he was extra disheveled today , his dark hair standing up in thinning tufts . 
 despite the cold , he was n't wearing a coat , and there was a big hole in the elbow of his heavy wool sweater . 
 aria recognized it as one he 'd bought when the family had been living in iceland . 
 she wished her family had never left reykjavik . 
 `` so how are you doing ? '' 
 byron asked gently . 
 aria shrugged . 
 at the corner , they passed a bunch of public school kids waiting for the bus . 
 they pointed at aria , instantly recognizing her from the news . 
 aria pulled her faux-fur hood around her head . 
 then they passed spencer 's street . 
 a big tree service vehicle was parked at the curb , a police car behind it . 
 across the street , jenna cavanaugh and her german shepherd service dog walked daintily to mrs. cavanaugh 's lexus , avoiding patches of ice . 
 aria shivered . 
 jenna knew more about ali than she 'd let on . 
 aria even wondered if jenna was keeping a burgeoning secret-on the day of meredith 's baby shower , jenna had been standing in the middle of aria 's yard as if she needed to tell aria something . 
 but when aria asked jenna what was wrong , jenna turned and fled . 
 she seemed to know jason dilaurentis pretty well , too-but why would jason have barged into her house last week and started arguing with her ? 
 and why did a want them to know it , if jason truly had nothing to do with ali 's death ? 
 `` officer wilden said you guys were trying to figure out who really killed ali , '' byron said , his gravelly voice so loud and booming that aria jumped . 
 `` but , honey , if ian did n't kill her , the cops will figure out who did . '' 
 he scratched the back of his neck , something he only did when he was stressed . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . 
 ella is , too . '' 
 aria winced at byron 's reference to her mother . 
 aria 's parents had separated this fall , and both had moved on to new relationships . 
 ever since ella began dating xavier , a lecherous artist who 'd hit on aria , aria had been avoiding her . 
 and while her dad certainly had a point , aria was in too deep to unwind herself from the ali investigation now . 
 `` talking about it might help , '' byron tried when aria still did n't answer , turning down the jazz cd . 
 `` you can even tell me about ... you know . 
 seeing alison . '' 
 they passed a farm that had six stout white alpacas , then a wawa . 
 stop saying you saw ali , wilden 's voice reverberated in aria 's mind . 
 something about it continued to bother her . 
 he sounded so ... aggressive . 
 `` i do n't know what we saw , '' she admitted weakly . 
 `` i want to believe that we just inhaled a lot of smoke and that 's the end of it . 
 but what are the odds of us all seeing ali at the exact same time , doing the exact same thing ? 
 is n't that kind of strange ? '' 
 byron put his blinker on and shifted to the right lane . 
 `` it is strange . '' 
 he sipped from his hollis college coffee mug . 
 `` remember how a few months ago you asked me if ghosts could send text messages ? '' 
 the conversation was blurry in aria 's mind , but she remembered talking to byron after receiving the first message from old a. before ali 's body was found in her old backyard , aria had wondered if ali 's ghost had been sending those messages from beyond the grave . 
 `` some people believe that the dead ca n't rest until they impart an important message . '' 
 byron braked at a stoplight behind a toyota prius that had a visualize whirled peas bumper sticker . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 aria sat up straighter . 
 they swept past clocktower , a million-dollar housing development with its own golf club , and then the little township park . 
 a few brave souls were out in heavy down parkas , walking their dogs . 
 byron breathed out through his nose . 
 `` i just mean ... alison 's death was a mystery . 
 they 've arrested the killer , but no one really knows for sure what happened . 
 and you girls were right where alison died . 
 her body had been there for years . '' 
 aria reached over and took a sip from her dad 's mug . 
 `` so you 're saying ... it could 've been ali 's ghost ? '' 
 byron shrugged , making a right . 
 they pulled into the drive at rosewood day and slowed to a crawl behind a line of buses . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` and you think she wants to tell us something ? '' 
 aria asked incredulously . 
 `` so you do n't think ian did it either ? '' 
 byron shook his head vehemently . 
 `` i 'm not saying that . 
 i 'm just saying that sometimes , certain things ca n't be explained rationally . '' 
 a ghost . 
 it sounded like he was channeling hippy-dippy meredith . 
 but as aria glanced at her dad 's profile , there were taut lines around his mouth . 
 his eyebrows were knitted together , and he was doing that neck-scratching thing again . 
 he was serious . 
 she turned to byron , suddenly filled with questions . 
 why would ali 's ghost be here ? 
 what was her unfinished business ? 
 and what was aria supposed to do now ? 
 but before she could say a word , there was a sharp knock on the passenger door . 
 aria had n't realized they 'd already pulled to the curb of rosewood day . 
 three reporters swarmed around the car , snapping photos and pressing their faces against the window . 
 `` miss montgomery ? '' 
 a woman called , her voice loud through the glass . 
 aria gaped at them and then looked desperately at her dad . 
 `` ignore them , '' byron urged . 
 `` run . '' 
 taking a deep breath , aria pushed the door open and barreled her way through the throng . 
 cameras flashed . 
 reporters babbled . 
 behind them , aria saw students gaping , perversely fascinated by the commotion . 
 `` did you really see alison ? '' 
 the reporters called . 
 `` do you know who set the fire ? '' 
 `` did someone set that fire in the woods to cover up a vital clue ? '' 
 aria swiveled around at the last question but kept her mouth shut . 
 `` did you set the fire ? '' 
 a dark-haired thirtysomething man shouted . 
 the reporters moved in closer . 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 aria shouted , alarmed . 
 then she elbowed past them , scampering up the walk and bursting through the first available door , which led to the back stage of the auditorium . 
 the doors banged shut , and aria let out a held breath and looked around . 
 the big , high-ceilinged theater was empty . 
 boat sets from south pacific , the school 's recent musical , were stacked in a corner . 
 sheet music was strewn haphazardly on the floor . 
 the red velvet auditorium chairs spread out before her , every single seat folded up and unoccupied . 
 it was too quiet in here . 
 eerily quiet . 
 when the wood floor squeaked , aria stiffened . 
 a shadow disappeared behind the curtain . 
 she whipped around , a horrible possibility darting through her mind . 
 it 's the person who set the fire . 
 the person who tried to kill us . 
 they 're here . 
 but when she moved closer , there was no one there . 
 or maybe , just maybe , it was ali 's spirit , lurking close , desperate . 
 if what byron said was true-if a dead person could n't rest until her message had been heard-then maybe aria needed to figure out how to communicate with her . 
 maybe it was time to hear what ali had to say . 
 chapter 6 down the rabbit hole emily slammed her locker door monday afternoon and hefted her biology , trig , and history books into her arms . 
 a piece of paper slid out from inside one of her notebooks . 
 holy trinity youth group boston trip said big , curly letters . 
 she scowled . 
 this paper had been lodged in her notebook since the week before when her then-boyfriend , isaac , had asked her to come . 
 emily had even gotten permission from her parents-she 'd thought it would be the perfect way to spend time with isaac alone . 
 not anymore . 
 her chest tightened . 
 it was hard to believe that just a few days ago , emily had really and truly thought she and isaac were in love-enough , in fact , to sleep with him , for her very first time . 
 but then everything had gone horribly , dreadfully wrong . 
 when emily tried to tell isaac about his mom 's evil glares and hurtful remarks , he 'd broken up with her on the spot , more or less telling emily she was psycho . 
 a few sophomores passed behind her , giggling and comparing lip glosses . 
 how could emily have thought he loved her ? 
 how could she have slept with him ? 
 by the time isaac had found her at the radley party on saturday night and apologized , she was n't sure if she wanted him back anymore . 
 since the fire , he 'd texted and called her several times , wanting to know if she was okay , but emily had n't replied to those messages either . 
 things felt ruined between them . 
 isaac had n't even listened to her side of the story . 
 now , whenever she thought about what they 'd done that day after school in isaac 's bedroom , she wished she could grab a big bar of soap and scrub the deed off her skin . 
 balling up the flyer in her hands , she tossed it in the nearest trash can and continued down the hall . 
 the classical between-classes music lilted through the overhead speakers . 
 red-and-pink posters for the upcoming rosewood day valentine 's ball wallpapered the halls . 
 there was the usual traffic jam on the stairs , and someone had farted in the stairwell . 
 it was a status quo monday at school ... except for one thing : everyone was staring at her . 
 literally everyone . 
 two senior boys on the baseball team mouthed freak as she passed . 
 mrs. booth , emily 's creative writing teacher from the year before , poked her head out of her classroom door , widened her eyes at emily , and then scuttled back inside , like a mouse darting back into a hole . 
 the only person who did n't stare was spencer . 
 instead , spencer pointedly turned her head in the opposite direction , obviously still annoyed that emily had told the police they 'd seen ali in her backyard . 
 whatever . 
 her friends might be convinced they 'd collectively hallucinated , the dna report might allegedly say the body in the hole was ali 's , and all of rosewood might think emily was delusional , but she knew what she saw . 
 last night while she slept , she 'd endured dream after dream about ali , like ali was begging emily 's subconscious to come find her . 
 in the first one , emily had walked into her church and found ali and isaac sitting together in the back pew , giggling and whispering . 
 in the dream after that , emily and isaac had been nak * d under the covers in isaac 's bed , just like they 'd been the week before . 
 they heard footsteps on the stairs . 
 emily thought it was isaac 's mother , but ali had walked into the room instead . 
 her face was covered with soot , and her eyes were huge and frightened . 
 `` someone 's trying to kill me , '' she said . 
 and then she disintegrated into a pile of ash . 
 ali was out there . 
 but ... whose body was in the hole then ? 
 and why was wilden insisting it was ali 's dna if it really was n't ? 
 someone had obviously set that fire to cover something up . 
 sure , wilden had an alibi for when the fire started , but who was to say that receipt from cvs was even his ? 
 and was n't it a little convenient that he had the receipt at the ready ? 
 emily thought of the lone police car she 'd seen sneaking away from the hastingses ' house the night of the fire , almost like whoever was driving did n't want to be noticed . 
 wilden was n't on the scene that night ... or was he ? 
 she entered her biology classroom . 
 it smelled of its usual jumble of leaky bunsen burner gas , formaldehyde , and marker-board bleach . 
 the teacher , mr. heinz , was n't there yet , and the students were gathered around one desk in the middle of the room , looking at something on a silver macbook air . 
 when sean ackard noticed emily , he paled and broke from the crowd . 
 lanie iler , one of emily 's friends from swimming , saw emily next and opened and closed her mouth like a fish . 
 `` lanie ? '' 
 emily tried , her heart starting to thud . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 lanie had a conflicted expression on her face . 
 after a moment , she pointed at the laptop . 
 emily took a few steps toward the computer . 
 a hush fell over the room and the crowd parted . 
 the local news web page glowed on the screen . 
 poor , poor pretty little liars read the headline under emily , aria , spencer , and hanna 's school pictures . 
 farther down on the page was a blurry picture of the girls in spencer 's hospital room . 
 they were all gathered over spencer 's bed , talking worriedly . 
 emily 's pulse raced . 
 spencer 's hospital room had been on the second floor , so how had the paparazzi gotten this photo ? 
 her eyes returned to their new nickname . 
 pretty little liars . 
 a couple of kids behind her tittered . 
 they thought this was funny . 
 they thought emily was a joke . 
 she took a big step back , almost bumping into ben , her old boyfriend from swimming . 
 `` i guess i should watch out for you , little liar , '' he teased , smirking . 
 that was it . 
 without another glance at her classmates , she rushed out of the room and headed straight for the bathroom , her rubber vans squeaking on the polished floor . 
 luckily , there was no one inside . 
 the air smelled like freshly smoked cigarettes , and water dripped from one of the faucets into a pale blue basin . 
 leaning against the wall , emily took heaving breaths . 
 why was this happening ? 
 why did no one believe her ? 
 when she 'd seen ali in the woods on saturday night , her heart had filled with joy . 
 ali was back . 
 they could resume their friendship . 
 and then , in a blink , ali was gone again , and now everyone thought emily had made her up . 
 what if ali really was out there , hurt and scared ? 
 was emily honestly the only person who wanted to help her ? 
 she ran cold water on her face , trying to catch her breath . 
 suddenly , her phone beeped , echoing loudly off the hard bathroom walls . 
 she jumped and unhooked the backpack from her shoulder . 
 her phone was in the front pocket . 
 one new text message , said the screen . 
 her heart went into free fall . 
 she looked around swiftly , anticipating a pair of eyes watching her from the utility closet , a pair of feet under a stall . 
 but the bathroom was empty . 
 her breathing was shallow in her chest as she looked at the screen . 
 poor little emily - you and i both know she 's alive . 
 the question is : what would you do to find her ? 
 - a gasping , emily opened the keyboard to her phone and started to type . 
 i 'll do anything . 
 there was a return message almost immediately . 
 do exactly as i say . 
 tell your parents you 're going on that church trip to boston . 
 but instead , you 'll go to lancaster . 
 for more , go to your locker . 
 i 've left you something there . 
 emily squinted . 
 lancaster ... pennsylvania ? 
 and how did a know about the boston trip ? 
 she envisioned the crumpled-up flyer sitting at the bottom of the hall trash can . 
 had a seen her throw it away ? 
 was a here at school ? 
 and more specifically , could she actually trust a ? 
 she looked down at her phone . 
 what would you do to find her ? 
 quickly , she sprinted up the stairs back to her locker , which was in the foreign languages wing . 
 as french students sang along to `` la marseillaise , '' emily spun the dial and opened her locker door . 
 at the bottom , next to a spare pair of swim fins , was a small grocery bag . 
 wear me , said messy magic marker scrawl on the front . 
 emily 's hand fluttered to her mouth . 
 how had this gotten here ? 
 taking a deep breath , she picked up the bag and pulled out a long , plain dress . 
 underneath that was a simple wool coat , stockings , and odd-looking shoes with little eyelet buttons . 
 it looked like the little house on the prairie halloween costume emily had worn in fifth grade . 
 her hand touched a piece of paper at the bottom of the grocery bag . 
 it was another note , seemingly banged out on an old typewriter . 
 tomorrow , take a bus to lancaster , go north for about a mile from the depot , and turn at the big sign of the horse and buggy . 
 ask for lucy zook . 
 do n't dare take a cab to get there-no one will trust you.-a emily devoured the note three more times . 
 was a suggesting what emily thought she was suggesting ? 
 then she noticed typing on the other side of the note . 
 she flipped the paper over . 
 your name is emily stoltzfus . 
 you 're from ohio , but you 've come to lancaster for a visit . 
 if you want to see your old bff again , you 'll do exactly what i say . 
 and ... oh , did i forget to mention ? 
 you 're amish . 
 everyone else there is , too . 
 viel gluck ! 
 -lrb- that 's german for `` good luck '' ! -rrb- 
 - a chapter 7 an old friend is back when the final bell of the day rang , spencer plodded gratefully to her locker . 
 her limbs ached . 
 her head felt like it weighed a million pounds . 
 she was ready for this day to be over . 
 her parents had told her she could take a few days off school to recuperate after the fire , but spencer wanted to get back into the swing of things as soon as possible . 
 she vowed to get straight a 's this semester , whatever it took . 
 and maybe by spring , rosewood day would take her off academic probation and let her keep her spot on the lacrosse team-she needed it for college applications . 
 there was still time to get into an ivy league summer program , and she could sign up for habitat for humanity to round out her community service . 
 as she pulled her english books from her locker , she felt a tug on her jacket sleeve . 
 when she turned around , andrew campbell was standing there , his hands shoved in his pockets , his longish blond hair pushed off his face . 
 `` hi , '' he said . 
 `` h-hi , '' spencer stammered . 
 she and andrew had started dating a few weeks ago , but spencer had n't spoken to him since she told him she was moving to new york to be with olivia . 
 andrew had tried to warn her not to trust olivia , but spencer had n't listened . 
 in fact , she 'd kind of called him a clingy loser . 
 since then , he 'd ignored her at school-which was a nearly impossible feat , since they had every class together . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i guess , '' she answered shyly . 
 andrew fiddled with the andrew for prez ! 
 pin on his messenger bag . 
 it was from the previous semester 's campaign for class president , which he 'd won over spencer . 
 `` i was at the hospital when you were still unconscious , '' he admitted . 
 `` i talked to your parents , but i ... '' he looked down at his lace-up merrells . 
 `` i was n't sure if you 'd want to see me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 spencer 's heart did a flip . 
 `` i-i would have wanted to see you . 
 and ... i 'm sorry . 
 for ... you know . '' 
 andrew nodded , and spencer wondered if he 'd found out what happened with olivia . 
 `` maybe i can call you later ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sure , '' spencer said , feeling a flutter of excitement . 
 andrew raised a hand awkwardly , doing a little bow in good-bye . 
 she watched him disappear down the hall , skirting around a bunch of orchestra girls holding violin and cello cases . 
 she 'd come close to crying twice today , overstressed and tired of kids staring at her like she 'd come to school in only a thong . 
 finally , something pleasant had happened . 
 the front walk was crowded with yellow buses , a traffic guard in a bright orange vest , and , of course , the ubiquitous news vans . 
 a cnn cameraman noticed spencer and nudged his reporter . 
 `` miss hastings ? '' 
 they sprinted over . 
 `` what do you think about the people who doubt that you saw alison saturday night ? 
 did you really see her ? '' 
 spencer gritted her teeth . 
 damn emily for blurting out that they 'd seen ali . 
 `` no , '' she said into the lens . 
 `` we did n't see ali . 
 it was a misunderstanding . '' 
 `` so you lied ? '' 
 the reporters were practically frothing at the mouth . 
 a bunch of students had stopped just behind spencer too . 
 a couple kids were waving at the cameras , but most were staring at her , agog . 
 a freshman boy snapped a photo with his camera phone . 
 even spencer 's ap econ teacher , mr. mcadam , had paused in the lobby and was gaping at her through the big front windows . 
 `` the brain conjures up all kinds of strange things when deprived of oxygen , '' spencer said , parroting what the er doctor had told her . 
 `` it 's the same phenomenon that happens to people right before they die . '' 
 then she extended her palm toward the screen . 
 `` no more questions . '' 
 `` spencer ! '' 
 called a familiar voice . 
 spencer whirled around . 
 her sister , melissa , was in her silver mercedes suv , parked in one of the visitors ' spots . 
 she waved her arm . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 saved . 
 spencer ducked the reporters and darted past the buses . 
 melissa smiled as spencer climbed into the suv , as if it was n't completely out of the ordinary that she was picking spencer up from school . 
 `` what are you doing back ? '' 
 spencer blurted . 
 she had n't seen melissa in almost a week , not since she swiftly bolted from the house after coming home from nana 's funeral . 
 that was right around the time spencer had begun talking to ian thomas on im . 
 spencer had looked for him on im last night , hoping to talk to him about the fire , but he had n't logged on . 
 spencer suspected melissa thought ian was innocent too-after ian had been arrested and thrown in jail , melissa insisted that he did n't deserve a life sentence . 
 she even admitted she 'd talked to ian on the phone when he was in prison . 
 her sister had packed up her things so hastily last week that spencer wondered if melissa felt she needed to get out of rosewood for the same reasons ian did-because she knew too much about what had really happened to ali . 
 melissa started the car . 
 npr blared , and she quickly turned it down . 
 `` i 'm back because i heard about your brush with death . 
 obviously . 
 and i wanted to see the destruction from the fire . 
 it 's terrible , huh ? 
 the woods ... the windmill ... even the barn . 
 so much of my stuff , too . '' 
 spencer hung her head . 
 the barn had been melissa 's apartment all through high school . 
 she had stashed tons of yearbooks , journals , memorabilia , and clothes there . 
 `` mom told me about you , too . '' 
 melissa backed out of the space , almost hitting a cnn cameraman filming the front of the school . 
 `` about ... the surrogate thing . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 spencer shrugged . 
 `` it was a shock . 
 but for the best . 
 it 's good that i know . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 they passed the journalism barn and then the teachers ' parking area . 
 it was filled with cars that were considerably older and humbler than the ones in the student lot . 
 `` i wish you would n't have said i put the idea in your head . 
 mom really whaled on me for that . 
 she was ruthless . '' 
 spencer felt a hot twinge of anger . 
 poor you , she wanted to snap . 
 like that really compared to what spencer had been through . 
 they came to a stop at the light behind a jeep cherokee full of meaty-shouldered boys in baseball caps . 
 spencer took a long look at her sister . 
 melissa 's skin looked papery and tired , there was a zit on her forehead , and ligaments stood out in her neck , as if she was clenching her jaw tight . 
 last week , spencer had noticed someone who looked suspiciously like melissa searching through the woods behind their house , not far from where they 'd discovered ian 's body . 
 aria had found ian 's ring in the woods just before the fire started-was that what melissa had been looking for ? 
 but before spencer could ask , her cell phone bleated . 
 she unclasped her purse and pulled it out . 
 take tomorrow off from school , a text said . 
 let 's have a spa day . 
 my treat . 
 mom . 
 spencer let out an involuntary squeal of delight . 
 `` mom and i are having a spa day tomorrow ! '' 
 melissa paled . 
 several emotions washed over her face at once . 
 `` you are ? '' 
 she sounded incredulous . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 spencer hit reply and typed yes ! 
 definitely . 
 melissa smirked . 
 `` is she trying to buy your love now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 spencer bristled . 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 the light turned green , and melissa hit the gas . 
 `` i guess our roles are reversed , '' she said breezily , taking a corner too fast . 
 `` now you 're mom 's favorite and i 'm the outcast . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 spencer asked , trying to ignore the fact that melissa had referred to her as an outcast . 
 `` are n't you getting along ? '' 
 melissa rolled her jaw until the joint cracked . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 spencer debated just letting it drop-melissa was always overly theatrical . 
 but curiosity got the best of her . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 they whizzed past wawa , ferra 's cheesesteaks , and the rosewood historical district , a string of old buildings that had been converted into candle shops , day spas , and real estate offices . 
 melissa let out a long sigh . 
 `` before ian was arrested , wilden came over and questioned us about the night ali went missing . 
 he asked if we 'd been together the whole time , if we saw anything strange , whatever . '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 spencer had never told melissa that she 'd spied on her and ian from the stairs that day , worried her sister was going to mention the fight spencer and ali had had outside the barn right before ali disappeared . 
 it was a memory spencer had suppressed for years , but she 'd let it slip to melissa , even mentioning that ali had admitted that she and ian were secretly together and teased spencer for wanting ian too . 
 spencer had shoved ali out of frustration , and ali had slipped and hit her head on the rocky path . 
 luckily , ali had been okay-until a few minutes later , anyway , when someone else shoved her in that half-dug hole in her backyard . 
 `` i told wilden that we had n't seen anything strange and that we 'd been together the whole time , '' melissa went on . 
 spencer nodded . 
 `` but after that , mom asked if i would 've given wilden the same story if ian had n't been in the room with me . 
 i told her it was the truth . 
 but after she kept pushing , i slipped up and said we 'd been drinking . 
 mom pounced on me . 
 ` you need to be really , really sure about what you tell the police , ' she kept saying . 
 ` the truth really matters . ' 
 she kept grilling me about it until i suddenly was n't really sure what happened . 
 i mean , there might have been a couple minutes when i woke up and ian was n't there . 
 i was pretty wasted that night . 
 and i mean , i do n't even know if i was in my room the whole time or ... '' she stopped abruptly , a muscle in her eye twitching . 
 `` my point is , i finally buckled . 
 i said that maybe ian had gotten up ... even though i really did n't know if he had or not . 
 and she was like , ` okay then . 
 you have to tell the cops that . ' 
 which is why we called wilden back in to talk to me again . 
 it was the day after you had that memory of ian being in our yard when ali died . 
 my account was just the final nail in the coffin . '' 
 spencer 's jaw dropped . 
 `` but that 's the thing , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm not sure i remember ian in the yard anymore . 
 i saw someone ... but i have no idea if it was him . '' 
 melissa made a left onto weavertown road , which was narrow and filled with apple orchards and farm co-ops . 
 `` then i guess we both were wrong . 
 and ian paid the price . '' 
 spencer sat back , thinking about that second time wilden had come to their house . 
 the night before , they 'd discovered that mona vanderwaal was a , and she had almost pushed spencer over the edge of floating man quarry . 
 the next morning , melissa had slumped guiltily on the couch . 
 their parents stood at the back of the room , their arms crossed impassively at their chests , the disappointment obvious on both their faces . 
 `` i was a mess that day , '' melissa said , as if reading spencer 's thoughts . 
 she turned onto the hastingses ' street , sweeping past the cop cars and landscaping trucks that were parked at the curb . 
 across the street , a plumber 's truck sat in the cavanaughs ' driveway . 
 during the latest freeze , one of the family 's main water pipes had burst . 
 `` i acted like i was really ashamed for not coming forward with the information sooner , '' melissa said . 
 `` but really , i was upset because i felt like i was selling out ian for something i was n't sure he 'd done . '' 
 so that was why melissa had seemed so sympathetic to ian when he was in prison . 
 `` we should go to the cops , '' she said . 
 `` maybe they 'll drop the case against ian . '' 
 `` there 's nothing we can do now . '' 
 melissa gave her a wary sidelong glance , and spencer wanted to ask if she was in contact with ian , too . 
 she had to be , did n't she ? 
 but there was something closed-off about melissa 's expression as she pulled up the driveway and into the garage . 
 her fingers gripped the steering wheel tightly , even after they 'd come to a complete stop . 
 `` why do you think mom pushed you to say ian was guilty ? '' 
 she asked instead . 
 melissa turned , reaching for her foley + corinna purse from the backseat . 
 `` maybe she sensed something was wrong with my story and was just trying to get the truth out of me . 
 or maybe ... '' an uncomfortable look crossed her face . 
 `` maybe ... what ? '' 
 spencer pressed . 
 melissa shrugged , pressing her thumb on the mercedes logo in the middle of the steering wheel . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe she just felt guilty because she was n't exactly ali 's biggest fan . '' 
 spencer squinted , feeling more lost than before . 
 as far as she knew , her mom had liked ali as much as she 'd liked spencer 's other friends . 
 if anyone had n't liked ali , it was melissa . 
 ali had stolen ian from her . 
 melissa gave spencer a taut smile . 
 `` i do n't even know why i brought any of this up , '' she said breezily , patting spencer 's shoulder . 
 then she stepped out of the car . 
 spencer watched numbly as melissa navigated around her dad 's line of power tools and into the house . 
 her head felt like an upended suitcase , the contents of her brain like jumbled clothes all over the floor . 
 everything her sister just said was crazy . 
 melissa had been wrong about spencer 's adoption , and she was wrong about this , too . 
 the interior lights in the mercedes snapped off . 
 spencer unbuckled her seat belt and climbed out of the car . 
 the garage smelled like a dizzying combination of motor oil and fumes from the fire . 
 in the mercedes side mirror she caught a glimpse of a flash of dark hair across the street . 
 it felt like someone 's eyes were on her back . 
 when she turned , there was no one there . 
 she reached for her phone , about to call emily or hanna or aria and tell them what melissa just said about ian . 
 but then she noticed an alert on her screen . 
 one new text message . 
 as she pressed read , an ache of dread wormed its way through her abdomen . 
 all those clues i 've given you are right , little liar-just not in the way you think . 
 but since i 'm such a nice person , here 's another hint . 
 there 's a major cover-up taking place right under your nose ... and someone close to you has all the answers.-a chapter 8 hanna , interrupted bright and early on tuesday morning , hanna 's father navigated a narrow , woodsy back road somewhere in bumblefuck , delaware . 
 isabel , who was sitting in the front passenger seat , suddenly leaned forward and pointed . 
 `` there it is ! '' 
 mr. marin cut the wheel sharply . 
 they veered onto a blacktopped road and stopped at a security gate . 
 the plaque on the bars said the preserve at addison-stevens . 
 hanna slumped in the backseat . 
 mike , who was sitting next to her , squeezed her hand . 
 they 'd been driving around lost for a half hour . 
 even the gps did n't know where they were-it kept bleating `` recalculating route ! '' 
 without actually recalculating anywhere for them to go . 
 hanna had hoped with all her heart that this place did n't exist . 
 all she wanted was to go home , snuggle with dot , and forget about this whole train wreck of a day . 
 `` hanna marin , checking in , '' hanna 's father said to a khaki-clad man in the security hut . 
 the guard consulted his clipboard and nodded . 
 the gate behind him slowly lifted . 
 the past twenty-four hours had galloped by , everyone rushing around and making decisions about hanna 's life without bothering to ask her opinion . 
 it was as if she were a helpless baby or a troublesome pet . 
 after her panic attack at breakfast , mr. marin called the hospital hanna was sure a had recommended . 
 and would n't you know it , the preserve at addison-stevens was able to accommodate hanna the very next day . 
 next , mr. marin called up rosewood day and told hanna 's guidance counselor that hanna would be missing two weeks of school , and if anyone asked , she was visiting her mom in singapore . 
 then he rang officer wilden and told him that if the press showed up at the hospital , he would sue the entire police force . 
 and finally , in a move that further complicated how hanna felt about her dad , he looked squarely at kate , who was still lingering in the kitchen , no doubt loving every minute of this , and said that if hanna 's visit to the hospital got out to anyone at school , he 'd immediately blame her . 
 hanna was so thrilled that she did n't bother to point out that even if kate kept quiet about hanna 's disappearance , it did n't mean a would . 
 hanna 's father continued up the drive . 
 isabel shifted in her seat . 
 hanna stroked the two pieces of time capsule flag that were carefully nestled in her purse , one of them ali 's , the other the piece she 'd found at the rosewood day coffee bar last week . 
 she did n't want to let either flag out of her sight . 
 mike craned his neck , trying to get a view of the facility . 
 unlike kate , hanna did n't have to worry about mike uttering a word about this-she 'd threatened to make her boobs off-limits if he did . 
 they pulled into a circular roundabout . 
 a stately white building with grecian columns and small terraces on the second and third floors loomed in front of them , looking more like a railroad baron 's mansion than a hospital . 
 mr. marin killed the ignition , and both he and isabel turned around . 
 hanna 's dad attempted a smile . 
 isabel still had that pitying , puckered-lips face she 'd been making all morning . 
 `` it looks really nice , '' isabel tried , gesturing at the bronze sculptures and carefully maintained topiaries in the doorway . 
 `` like a palace ! '' 
 `` it does , '' mr. marin agreed quickly , releasing his seat belt . 
 `` i 'll get your stuff out of the trunk . '' 
 `` no , '' hanna snapped . 
 `` i do n't want you to come in , dad . 
 and i especially do n't want her . '' 
 she nodded at isabel . 
 mr. marin 's eyes narrowed . 
 he was probably about to say that hanna needed to show isabel some respect , she was going to be her stepmom soon , blah , blah , blah . 
 but isabel laid an orangey , cronelike hand on his arm . 
 `` it 's okay , tom . 
 i understand . '' 
 which made hanna 's scowl even deeper . 
 she shot out of the car and began to haul her suitcases out of the trunk . 
 a full wardrobe had come along-just because she was being committed did n't mean she was going to walk around in a hospital gown and crocs . 
 mike climbed out too and loaded the suitcases onto a large , unwieldy cart and pushed them into the facility . 
 the lobby was a wide , marble-floored expanse that smelled like the clementine soap she kept on her dressing table . 
 there were large , modern oil paintings on the walls , a bubbling fountain in the center , and a wide stone desk at the back . 
 the receptionists wore white lab coats , just like skin care specialists at kiehl 's , and youngish , attractive people sat on wheat-colored sofas , laughing and talking . 
 `` this does n't look like alcatraz , '' mike said , scratching his head . 
 hanna 's eyes darted back and forth . 
 okay , the lobby was nice , but it had to be a front . 
 these people were probably actors rented out for the day , like the shakespearean troupe spencer 's parents had hired to perform a midsummer night 's dream for her thirteenth birthday party . 
 hanna was sure the real patients were hidden in the back of the building , probably in wire-mesh dog kennels . 
 a blond woman wearing a wireless headset and a sage sheath dress rushed over . 
 `` hanna marin ? '' 
 she stuck out her hand . 
 `` i 'm denise , your concierge . 
 we 're looking forward to having you stay with us . '' 
 `` uh , good for you , '' hanna deadpanned . 
 there was no way she was going to kiss this woman 's ass and say she was looking forward to it , too . 
 denise turned to mike and smiled apologetically . 
 `` we ca n't have visitors past this point . 
 you 'll have to say your good-byes here , if that 's okay . '' 
 hanna gripped mike 's hand , wishing he were a teddy bear she could drag inside with her . 
 mike pulled hanna out of earshot . 
 `` now listen . '' 
 his voice dropped an octave . 
 `` i snuck a pepperidge farm cheese danish into your red suitcase . 
 inside it is a file . 
 you can saw through the bars of your room and slip out when the guards are n't looking . 
 it 's the oldest trick in the book . '' 
 hanna laughed nervously . 
 `` i do n't really think there are going to be bars on the doors . '' 
 mike put a finger to his lips . 
 `` you never know . '' 
 denise reappeared and placed her arm on hanna 's shoulder , telling her it was time to go . 
 mike gave her a long kiss , gestured suggestively at her red suitcase , and then walked backward toward the entrance . 
 one of his shoes was untied ; the lace flapped against the marble floor . 
 his rosewood day lacrosse bracelet flopped around his wrist . 
 tears blurred hanna 's eyes . 
 they 'd only been an official couple for three days . 
 this was n't fair . 
 when he was gone , denise shot hanna a crisp , rehearsed smile , swiped a card through a reader at a door at the far end of the lobby , and ushered hanna into a corridor . 
 `` your room is just through here . '' 
 a strong scent of mint wafted through the air . 
 surprisingly , the corridor was as nice as the lobby , with lush , potted plants , black-and-white photographs , and carpeting that did n't appear to be speckled with blood or tufts of hair torn straight from crazy people 's scalps . 
 denise stopped at a door marked 31 . 
 `` your home away from home . '' 
 the door opened into a dark room . 
 it had two queen-size beds , two desks , two walk-in closets , and a big picture window that overlooked the front drive . 
 denise looked around . 
 `` your roommate is n't here right now , but you 'll meet her soon enough . '' 
 then she explained the protocol at the facility-hanna would be assigned to a therapist , and they would meet anywhere from a few times a week to once a day . 
 breakfast was at nine , lunch noon , and dinner six . 
 hanna was free to do what she wished for the rest of the day , and denise encouraged hanna to meet and mingle with the other residents-they were all very nice . 
 right , hanna thought wryly . 
 did she look like the kind of girl who made friends with schitzos ? 
 `` privacy is of the utmost importance to us , so your door has a lock and only you , your roommate , and the security guards have the key . 
 and there 's one more thing we need to take care of before i leave , '' denise added . 
 `` i need you to surrender your cell phone . '' 
 hanna flinched . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 denise 's lips were candy pink . 
 `` our mantra here is ` no outside influences . ' 
 we only allow phone calls between four and five p.m. on sundays . 
 we do n't allow you to surf the internet or read the paper , and we do n't allow live tv . 
 we do have an extensive selection of dvds for you to choose from . 
 and lots of books and board games ! '' 
 hanna opened her mouth , but only a small , squeaky ohh sound came out . 
 no tv ? 
 no internet ? 
 no phone calls ? 
 how the hell was she supposed to talk to mike ? 
 denise held out her palm , waiting . 
 helplessly , hanna handed over the iphone and watched as denise wound the little earbuds around the device and dropped it in her lab coat pocket . 
 `` your schedule is on your nightstand , '' denise said . 
 `` you have an evaluation with dr. foster at three today . 
 i really think you 'll enjoy it here , hanna . '' 
 she squeezed hanna 's hand and left . 
 the door swished shut . 
 hanna collapsed on her bed , feeling like denise had just beaten her up . 
 what the hell was she going to do here ? 
 peering out the window , she saw mike climbing back into her dad 's car . 
 the acura slowly pulled away . 
 hanna was suddenly gripped with the same panic she used to experience when her parents dropped her off at rosewood happyland day camp every summer morning . 
 it 's only for a couple hours , her dad always used to say when hanna tried to convince him that she 'd be happier accompanying him to work instead . 
 and now , he 'd shipped her off to the preserve at the slightest provocation , falling for a 's fake guidance counselor note . 
 as if counselors at rosewood day even noticed the students ! 
 but her dad seemed thrilled to get rid of her . 
 now he could live his perfect life with perfect isabel and perfect kate in hanna 's house . 
 hanna twisted the blinds shut . 
 nice job , a . 
 so much for a being their bff and wanting them to hunt down ali 's true killer-there was n't much hanna could do locked up in the nuthouse . 
 but maybe what a really wanted was for hanna to be crazy , miserable , and isolated from rosewood forever . 
 if that was the case , a had most definitely succeeded . 
 chapter 9 aria crosses over tuesday after school , aria stood on the sidewalk in downtown yarmouth , a town a few miles from rosewood . 
 dirty piles of slush from last week 's snow lined the sidewalks , making the stores look dingy . 
 there was a chalkboard in front of the yee-haw saloon , advertising that it was drink three beers , get two free night . 
 the neon sign in the window of the salon next door was half burnt out so that only lon was illuminated . 
 aria took a deep breath and faced the store in front of her , the reason she 'd come . 
 ye olde mystick spirit shoppe , said the calligraphy on the awning . 
 there was a neon pentacle in the window and a green sign on the door that read tarot cards , palm readings , pagan , wiccan , curios . 
 and underneath that , seances and other psychic services offered here . 
 inquire inside . 
 after aria 's talk with byron yesterday , she 'd become more and more convinced that they 'd seen ali 's ghost . 
 it made so much sense-for months , aria had sworn someone had been watching her , looming near her old bedroom window , peeking out of the thick woods , ducking out of sight around a corner at rosewood day . 
 in some of those instances , the girl might 've been mona vanderwaal , collecting secrets as a ... but maybe not always . 
 what if ali had something to tell aria and the others about the night she died ? 
 was n't it their duty to listen ? 
 bells tinkled as she entered . 
 the shop smelled like patchouli , probably from the sticks of incense that smoldered in every corner . 
 crystal amulets , apothecary bottles , and dragon-inscribed chalices lined the shelves . 
 a radio was perched on a shelf behind the register , tuned to the news . 
 `` the rosewood police are investigating the cause of the fire that decimated ten acres of suburban woods and almost killed rosewood 's pretty little liars , '' the wkyw reporter squawked , the sound of typing in the background . 
 aria let out a low growl . 
 she hated their new nickname . 
 it made them sound like deranged barbie dolls . 
 `` in related news , '' the reporter added , `` the police are teaming up with the fbi to broaden the search for miss dilaurentis 's alleged killer , ian thomas . 
 there 's also some discussion over whether mr. thomas had accomplices . 
 more to come after this short break . '' 
 someone cleared his throat , and aria looked up . 
 a balding guy in his twenties in a vest made out of what looked like horsehair was slumped by the register . 
 hi , i 'm bruce , said his name tag . 
 resident witch . 
 there was a musty , ornately bound book in his lap , and he was studying her as if he thought she might shoplift . 
 aria backed away from the table of ritual oils and gave him a sweet smile . 
 `` uh , hi . '' 
 aria 's voice cracked . 
 `` i 'm here for the seance . 
 it starts in fifteen minutes , right ? '' 
 she 'd found a seance schedule on the store 's website . 
 the shopkeeper flipped a page , looking bored . 
 he slid a clipboard across the table . 
 `` put your name on the list . 
 it 's twenty bucks . '' 
 aria rifled through her yak-fur bag and scraped together a couple of limp bills . 
 then she leaned over and wrote her name on the sign-in sheet . 
 three other people had registered for today 's event . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 she jumped and looked up . 
 standing next to a wall of voodoo talismans was a boy in a rosewood day blazer , a yellow rubber rosewood day lacrosse bracelet circling his wrist , and a huge , pleased smile on his face . 
 `` noel ? '' 
 aria sputtered . 
 noel kahn was her brother 's best friend , the typicalest typical rosewood boy she 'd ever met , and just about the last person she 'd ever expect to see in a place like this . 
 back in sixth and seventh grade , when being popular mattered , aria had had a huge crush on noel-but of course he was crazy for ali instead . 
 everyone loved ali . 
 irony of ironies , the moment she 'd stepped off the plane from iceland at the beginning of this year , noel had been all over her , suddenly finding her exotic instead of kooky . 
 or maybe he finally noticed she had boobs . 
 `` fancy meeting you here , '' noel drawled . 
 he strolled up to the counter and scrawled his name below hers on the seance sign-in sheet . 
 `` you 're going to a seance ? '' 
 aria squeaked incredulously . 
 noel nodded , examining a set of tarot cards with a half-naked sorceress on the front . 
 `` seances rock . 
 have you listened to any led zeppelin ? 
 they were obsessed with the dead . 
 i heard they got their song lyrics from satan worshippers . '' 
 aria stared at him . 
 led zeppelin was noel and mike 's latest craze . 
 the other day , mike had asked byron if he had an old copy of led zeppelin iv on vinyl-he wanted to play `` stairway to heaven '' backward and listen for secret messages . 
 `` anyway , now that you 're here , it 's getting me closer to a hot girl , is n't it ? '' 
 noel snickered lasciviously . 
 `` and hey , maybe if this works , you 'll come to my hot tub party thursday night . '' 
 aria 's skin felt like it was crawling with leeches . 
 the various skull talismans lined up on a nearby shelf were leering at her . 
 behind the counter , the shopkeeper smiled mysteriously , like he was keeping a secret . 
 what was noel really doing here ? 
 had someone from the rosewood press put him up to this , asking him to follow aria around and report her every move ? 
 or maybe this was a prank thought up by some of the lacrosse boys . 
 in sixth grade , before ali had welcomed aria into her exclusive clique , kooky aria had been relentlessly teased by girls and guys alike . 
 noel picked up a phallic purple candle , then put it down again . 
 `` so i guess you 're here because of ali ? '' 
 the patchouli incense was beginning to clog aria 's sinuses . 
 she gave a noncommittal shrug . 
 noel looked at aria carefully . 
 `` so did you see her in the woods ? '' 
 `` it 's none of your business , '' aria snapped , looking around for hidden cameras or recorders nestled among the boxes of clove cigarettes . 
 that seemed like just the kind of question a rosewood reporter would encourage him to ask . 
 `` okay , okay , '' noel said defensively . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset you . '' 
 the shopkeeper slammed his book shut with a whump . 
 `` the medium says you can go in now , '' he proclaimed , parting a bead curtain at the back of the store . 
 aria looked at the curtain , then at noel . 
 what if a bunch of typical rosewood boys were waiting to jump out from behind the boxes in the back room , take pictures of her , and post them online ? 
 but the shopkeeper was glaring at her , so aria gritted her teeth , pushed through the curtain , and slumped down on one of the folding chairs that had been set up in the center of the room . 
 although she was n't sure if she wanted him to , noel sat next to her and shrugged off his coat . 
 aria peeked at him . 
 it was obvious why so many girls wanted to date noel-he had dark , wavy hair , heavy-lidded eyes , and a tall , athletic body . 
 his breath smelled like altoids . 
 but whatever . 
 even if he was here for legitimate reasons , he was so not her type . 
 his perfectly broken-in dark denim jeans clearly came from a high-end boutique , and he was too groomed for aria 's taste ; he did n't have a millimeter of stubble on his face . 
 aria looked around the back of the occult shop , frowning . 
 the only lights in here were a nak * d bulb hanging from the ceiling and a foul-smelling candle in the corner . 
 unidentified boxes were piled high on shelves , and toward the emergency exit was an enormous , oblong wooden thing that looked suspiciously like a coffin . 
 noel followed her gaze . 
 `` yep , that 's a coffin , '' he said . 
 `` people buy those for , like , personal use . 
 they get off on pretending they 're dead . '' 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 she whispered , flabbergasted . 
 `` i know more than you think . '' 
 noel 's ultra-white teeth gleamed in the darkness and aria shivered . 
 the beads parted again , and two more people shuffled in and found seats . 
 one was an old man with a handlebar moustache , and the other was a woman who looked like she was in her thirties , but it was hard to tell . 
 she had a kerchief over her hair and wore big sunglasses . 
 a young man came in last . 
 he wore a velvet cloak and had a scarf wrapped around his head . 
 pendants and strings of beads dripped from around his neck , and he carried a dry ice contraption that spilled smoke around the already hazy room . 
 `` greetings , '' he boomed . 
 `` my name is equinox . '' 
 aria stifled a laugh . 
 equinox ? 
 come on . 
 but next to her , noel tipped his chair forward in rapt attention . 
 equinox spread his palms toward the ceiling . 
 `` to conjure up the spirits you 're looking for , i need everyone to close their eyes and concentrate as one . '' 
 he began to om . 
 a few people-including noel-joined in . 
 the cold metal of the chair penetrated aria 's wool skirt . 
 she cracked one eye open and peeked around . 
 everyone was leaning forward expectantly and a few people had joined hands . 
 suddenly equinox teetered backward , as if an invisible force had just shoved him . 
 a shiver ran through aria 's body and the air felt heavy around her . 
 taking a leap of faith , she omed too . 
 there was a long silence . 
 the heating ducts rattled . 
 there were soft patterns from the floor above . 
 incense wafted in from the front room , sweet and pungent . 
 something soft and featherlike brushed very faintly across aria 's cheek , and she jumped . 
 when she opened her eyes , there was nothing there . 
 `` goooood , '' equinox said . 
 `` okay , we can open our eyes now . 
 i 'm feeling someone with us . 
 someone very close to one of you . 
 has anyone lost a friend ? '' 
 aria stiffened . 
 ali could n't be here , just like that ... could she ? 
 horrifyingly , the medium walked right to aria and crouched down . 
 his goatee ended in a sharp point , and he smelled faintly of pot . 
 his eyes were wide and unblinking . 
 `` it 's you , '' he said in a low voice , his lips close to her ear . 
 `` um , '' aria whispered , the hairs on the back of her neck standing on end . 
 `` you 've lost a special friend , have n't you ? '' 
 he asked hauntingly . 
 the room was still . 
 aria 's heart started to pound . 
 `` is she ... here ? '' 
 she looked around the room , expecting to see the girl she 'd rescued from the fire , dressed in a sweatshirt , her face tinged with soot . 
 `` she 's close , '' the medium assured her . 
 he tented his fingers and clenched his jaw , as if deep in concentration . 
 a few more seconds ticked by . 
 the room seemed to darken . 
 the only lights were the glow-in-the-dark digits on noel 's iwc aquatimer diving watch . 
 aria 's pulse swished in her ears . 
 her fingers began to tremble , almost like they were picking up a vibration . 
 ali 's vibration . 
 `` she 's telling me she knew everything about you , '' equinox said , almost teasingly . 
 aria prickled with fear-and hope . 
 that certainly sounded like ali . 
 `` we were best friends . '' 
 `` but you hated that she knew everything about you , '' equinox corrected . 
 `` she knew this , too . '' 
 aria gasped . 
 now her legs trembled in sync with her fingers . 
 noel shifted in his seat . 
 `` she ... did ? '' 
 `` she knew a lot of things , '' equinox whispered . 
 `` she knew you wanted her gone . 
 it made her very sad . 
 many things made her very sad . '' 
 aria fluttered her hand to her mouth . 
 all the other audience members were staring at her . 
 she could see the whites of their wide eyes . 
 `` i did n't want her gone , '' she squeaked . 
 equinox tilted his head to the ceiling , as if it gave him a better view of ali . 
 `` she forgives you , though . 
 she knows she was n't fair to you either . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 aria stammered . 
 she pressed her palms against her knees to settle them . 
 it was true , of course . 
 sometimes ali was n't fair to her . 
 lots of times , actually . 
 equinox nodded . 
 `` she knows it was n't nice to steal your boyfriend . 
 especially since you two had been a couple for such a long time . '' 
 aria cocked her head , wondering if she 'd heard him wrong . 
 a chair squeaked and an audience member coughed . 
 `` my ... boyfriend ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 a gnawing feeling roiled in her stomach . 
 she had n't had a boyfriend in seventh grade . 
 which meant this quack was n't talking to ali at all . 
 aria leapt up , almost banging her head on a low-hanging lantern . 
 she fumbled her way through the haze of incense smoke and dry ice vapor toward the exit . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 equinox called . 
 `` aria , wait ! '' 
 noel said , but she ignored them . 
 a cardboard cutout of a warlock pointed the way to the store 's bathroom . 
 aria ran for it , slammed the door , and collapsed against the sink , not caring that she 'd knocked a cake of hand-milled dragon 's blood soap to the floor . 
 idiot , she told herself . 
 of course ali was n't here . 
 of course seances were scams . 
 this guy had probably approached her about ali because he 'd recognized aria from the news . 
 what had she been thinking ? 
 aria stared at her reflection in the round , streaky mirror above the sink . 
 her skin was milk-pale . 
 but even though equinox was a quack , he 'd pointed out something awful-and something that was kind of true . 
 aria had wanted ali gone . 
 ali had been with aria when aria saw her dad making out with meredith in the hollis parking lot in seventh grade . 
 in the weeks after , she just would n't let it drop . 
 she cornered aria between classes to ask her if there had been any updates . 
 she invited herself over to aria 's house for dinner , giving byron damning looks and ella sympathetic ones . 
 whenever the five best friends were together , ali dropped hints that she would tell aria 's secret any minute unless aria did exactly what ali wanted . 
 aria had reached a boiling point and , in the weeks before ali 's death , had started to avoid her as much as possible . 
 it made her very sad , the medium said . 
 could ali have known how much aria wanted her gone ? 
 a memory had popped into aria 's mind , suddenly : the day after ali went missing , mrs. dilaurentis had invited aria and her friends over and grilled them about where ali might have gone . 
 at one point , mrs. dilaurentis leaned forward on her elbows and asked , `` did ali ever seem ... sad ? '' 
 the girls immediately protested-ali was beautiful and smart and irresistible . 
 everyone adored her . 
 sad was n't in ali 's emotional vocabulary . 
 aria had always thought of herself as the victim and ali the predator , but what if ali had been going through stuff of her own ? 
 what if ali needed someone to talk to-and aria just pushed her away ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered , starting to weep . 
 clumps of mascara skidded down her cheeks . 
 `` ali , i 'm so sorry . 
 i never wanted you to die . '' 
 there was a sharp sfft sound , like steam escaping from a radiator . 
 then the bulb over the mirror flicked off , bathing the room in darkness . 
 aria froze , her heart in her throat . 
 then , her nose twitched . 
 there was a sudden fragrance in the air , chokingly pungent . 
 vanilla soap . 
 aria grabbed the sides of the sink to steady herself . 
 then , without warning , the light snapped back on with a sizzle . 
 aria 's frightened eyes stared back at her in the mirror . 
 but her face was n't the only one reflected there . 
 in the space behind her own ice blue eyes was a girl with a heart-shaped face , two wide , blue eyes , and a dazzling smile . 
 aria gasped and whirled around . 
 tacked to a corkboard on the back of the bathroom door , layered on top of other posters for upcoming poetry slams , futons for sale , and available rooms for rent , was a color photo of ali . 
 aria leaned closer , ali 's eyes drawing her in . 
 her breath caught in her throat . 
 it was the missing persons flyer from when ali vanished , the same picture that was splashed across milk cartons and local public service announcement commercials . 
 missing , 72-point font said . 
 alison dilaurentis . 
 blue eyes , blond hair , 5 ' 0 '' , 90 pounds . 
 last seen june 20 . 
 aria had n't seen it in years . 
 she searched frantically along every inch of the poster , even turning it over , for a clue as to why it was here-and who had put it up . 
 but there was nothing . 
 chapter 10 the simplest life later that same day , emily stood in front of a black-and-white clapboard farmhouse in lancaster , pennsylvania . 
 instead of a car in the driveway , there was a black buggy with giant wheels and a red triangular slow-moving vehicle sign on the back . 
 she fingered the cuffs of the gray cotton dress a had given her and adjusted the white cloth cap on her head . 
 next to her was a hand-painted wooden sign that said zook farm . 
 emily bit her lip . 
 this is crazy . 
 a few hours earlier , she 'd told her parents she was going on the youth group trip to boston . 
 then she 'd boarded a greyhound for lancaster , changing into the dress , cap , and boots in the tiny , chemical-scented bathroom at the back of the bus . 
 she sent her old friends short texts to let them know she 'd be in boston until friday-if she told them the truth , they 'd think she was nuts . 
 and just in case her parents became suspicious , she 'd turned off her cell phone so they could n't activate its gps child-tracking function and discover she was in lancaster pretending to be amish . 
 emily had been idly curious about amish people her whole life , but she knew nothing about what it was like to really be amish . 
 from what she understood , the amish just wanted to be left alone . 
 they did n't like tourists to take their pictures , they did n't take kindly to non-amish trespassing on their land , and the few amish people emily had seen up close looked humorless and stern . 
 so why was a sending her to an amish community ? 
 did lucy zook know ali ? 
 had ali run away from rosewood and secretly become amish ? 
 that seemed impossible , but hope fluttered at the edge of emily 's thoughts . 
 was it possible that lucy ... was ali ? 
 with each passing moment , emily thought of more reasons why-and how-ali might still be out there . 
 there was the time when emily and her friends met with mrs. dilaurentis the day after ali vanished , and mrs. dilaurentis asked if ali had run away . 
 emily had dismissed the notion , but the truth was she and ali did used to talk about leaving rosewood forever . 
 they made all kinds of wistful plans-they 'd go to the airport and pick the first flight that was leaving . 
 they 'd take amtrak to california and find roommates in l.a. emily could n't imagine why ali would want to leave rosewood ; she always secretly hoped that it was because ali wanted emily all to herself . 
 then the summer between sixth and seventh grade , ali had dropped off the face of the earth for two weeks . 
 every time emily called ali 's cell phone it went to voice mail . 
 whenever she rang ali 's house , the answering machine picked up . 
 and yet , the dilaurentises were definitely home-emily biked by their house and saw mr. dilaurentis washing his car in the driveway and ali 's mom pulling weeds in the front yard . 
 she became convinced ali was angry at her , though she had no idea why . 
 and she could n't talk to her other best friends about it . 
 spencer and hanna were vacationing with their families , and aria was at an art camp in philly . 
 then , two weeks later , ali called out of the blue . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 emily demanded . 
 `` i ran away ! '' 
 ali chirped . 
 when emily did n't answer , she laughed . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 i went to the poconos with my aunt giada . 
 there 's no cell service up there . '' 
 emily glanced at the handwritten sign again . 
 as much as she did n't trust a 's cryptic instructions about going to lancaster-after all , a had misled them into believing that wilden and jason were ali 's killers , when ali was in fact still alive-one tiny sentence fragment kept swirling in her head : what wouldyou do to find her ? 
 she 'd do anything , of course . 
 taking a deep breath , emily climbed the steps to the front porch of the farmhouse . 
 a bunch of shirts hung from the laundry line , though it was so cold out that they looked half-frozen . 
 smoke poured from the chimney , and a big windmill in the back of the property churned . 
 the yeasty smell of freshly baked bread wafted through the frigid air . 
 emily looked over her shoulder , squinting at the far-off rows of dead cornstalks . 
 was a watching right now ? 
 she raised her hand and knocked three times , her nerves jangling . 
 please let ali be there , she chanted to herself . 
 there was a creak and then a bang . 
 a figure disappeared out the back door , slipping through the cornfield . 
 it looked like a guy about emily 's age , wearing a puffy down jacket , jeans , and bright red-and-blue sneakers . 
 he ran at top speed without looking back . 
 emily 's heart banged in her chest . 
 moments later , the front door opened . 
 a teenage girl stood on the other side . 
 she wore a dress like emily 's , and her brown hair was pulled into a bun . 
 her lips were very red , as if they 'd been recently kissed . 
 she searched emily 's face wordlessly , her eyes narrowed with disdain . 
 emily 's stomach swooped with disappointment . 
 `` uh , my name is emily stoltzfus , '' she blurted , reciting the name from a 's note . 
 `` i 'm from ohio . 
 are you lucy ? '' 
 the girl looked startled . 
 `` yes , '' she said slowly . 
 `` are you here for mary 's wedding this weekend ? '' 
 emily blinked . 
 a had n't told her about a wedding . 
 was it possible ali 's new amish name was mary ? 
 maybe she was being forced to be a child bride , and a had sent emily here to save her . 
 but emily 's return bus ticket was for friday afternoon , the very same time the church group returned from boston . 
 she could n't possibly stay for what was probably a saturday wedding without raising her parents ' suspicions . 
 `` um , i came to help with the preparations , '' she said , hoping she did n't sound incredibly foolish . 
 lucy glanced at something behind emily . 
 `` there 's mary now . 
 do you want to go say hi ? '' 
 emily followed her gaze . 
 but mary was much smaller and dumpier than the girl emily had seen in the woods just days ago . 
 her black hair was pulled back in a tight bun , showing off her chubby cheeks . 
 `` um , that 's okay , '' emily said glumly , her heart yo-yoing . 
 she turned back to lucy , inspecting her face . 
 lucy 's lips were pressed tightly together , like she was biting back a secret . 
 lucy opened the door wider , letting emily in . 
 they walked into the parlor . 
 it was a big square room , lit only by a gas-powered lantern in the corner . 
 handcrafted wooden chairs and tables crowded the walls . 
 a bookshelf in the corner housed a jar full of celery and a large , well-worn copy of the bible . 
 lucy walked into the center of the room and gazed at emily carefully . 
 `` where are you from in ohio ? '' 
 `` um , near columbus , '' emily said , blurting out the first ohio town she could think of . 
 `` oh . '' 
 lucy scratched her head . 
 this must have been an acceptable answer . 
 `` did pastor adam send you to me ? '' 
 emily swallowed hard . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she guessed . 
 she felt like she was an actress in a play , but no one had bothered to give her the script . 
 lucy tsked and glanced over her shoulder toward the back door . 
 `` he always thinks things like this will make me feel better , '' she muttered acidly . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 emily was surprised at how annoyed lucy seemed . 
 she 'd thought the amish were eternally temperate and calm . 
 lucy waved her thin , pale hand . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . '' 
 she turned and started down a long hall . 
 `` you 'll take my sister 's bed , '' she said matter-of-factly , leading emily into a small bedroom . 
 inside were two twin beds covered by lively colored homemade quilts . 
 `` it 's the one on the left . '' 
 `` what 's your sister 's name ? '' 
 emily asked , glancing at the bare white walls . 
 `` leah . '' 
 lucy punched a pillow . 
 `` where is she now ? '' 
 lucy smacked the pillow harder . 
 her throat bobbed , and then she turned away toward the corner of the bedroom , as if she 'd done something shameful . 
 `` i was just going to start the milking . 
 come on . '' 
 at that , she marched out of the bedroom . 
 after a moment , emily followed lucy , snaking through a rabbit warren of hallways and rooms . 
 she poked her head into each room , aching to see ali in one of them , sitting in a rocker , her finger to her lips , or crouching behind a bureau , her knees pulled into her chest . 
 finally they crossed the big , bright kitchen , which smelled overpoweringly like wet wool , and lucy led her out the back door to an enormous , drafty barn . 
 a long line of cows stood in stalls , their tails swishing . 
 upon seeing the girls , a few of them let out loud moos . 
 lucy handed emily a metal bucket . 
 `` you start on the left . 
 i 'll do the right . '' 
 emily shifted her feet in the scratchy hay . 
 she 'd never milked a cow before , not even when she had been shipped to her aunt and uncle 's farm in iowa the fall before . 
 lucy had already turned away , tending to her own line of cows . 
 not knowing what else to do , emily approached the cow closest to the door , slid the bucket under her udder , and crouched . 
 how hard could it be ? 
 but the cow was enormous , with strong legs and a broad , trucklike butt . 
 did cows kick , like horses ? 
 did cows bite ? 
 she cracked her knuckles , eyeing the other stalls . 
 if a cow moos in the next ten seconds , everything will be okay , she thought , relying on the superstitious game she 'd created for tense situations like this one . 
 she silently counted to ten in her head . 
 there were n't any moos , although there was a noise that sounded suspiciously like a fart . 
 `` ahem '' emily shot up . 
 lucy was glaring at her . 
 `` have n't you ever milked a cow before ? '' 
 lucy demanded . 
 `` uh . '' 
 emily grappled for a response . 
 `` well , no . 
 we have really specific jobs where i 'm from . 
 milking is n't my responsibility . '' 
 lucy looked at her as if she 'd never heard of such a thing . 
 `` you 'll have to do it as long as you 're here . 
 it 's not hard . 
 just pull and squeeze . '' 
 `` um , okay , '' emily stammered . 
 she turned to the cow . 
 her teats dangled . 
 she touched one ; it felt rubbery and full . 
 when she squeezed , milk squirted into the bucket . 
 it was a strange dusty color , nothing like the milk her mother brought home from fresh fields grocery store . 
 `` that 's good , '' lucy said , standing over her . 
 she had that funny look on her face again . 
 `` why are you speaking english , by the way ? '' 
 the sharp scent of hay tickled emily 's eyes . 
 did amish people not speak english ? 
 she 'd read various wikipedia articles about amish people last night in an attempt to absorb as much information as possible-how had she not stumbled upon that ? 
 and why had n't a said anything ? 
 `` did your community not speak pennsylvania dutch ? '' 
 lucy prompted incredulously . 
 emily adjusted her woolen cap nervously . 
 her fingers smelled like sour milk . 
 `` um ... no . 
 we 're pretty progressive . '' 
 lucy shook her head in wonderment . 
 `` wow . 
 you 're so lucky . 
 we should switch places . 
 you stay here , and i 'll go there . '' 
 emily laughed nervously , relaxing a teensy bit . 
 maybe lucy was n't so bad . 
 and maybe even amish country was n't so bad either-at least it was quiet and drama-free . 
 but disappointment welled in her chest all the same . 
 ali did n't seem to be hiding out in this community , so why had a sent her here ? 
 to make her look stupid ? 
 to distract her for a while ? 
 to send her on a wild-goose chase ? 
 as if on cue , one of the holsteins let out a loud , lowing moo and dropped fresh cow pies on the hay-strewn floor . 
 emily gritted her teeth . 
 perhaps a wild cow chase was more like it . 
 chapter 11 not your typical mother-daughter outing as soon as spencer stepped into the lobby of the fermata spa , a smile flitted over her lips . 
 the room smelled like honey , and the soft , burbling sounds of the fountain in the corner were soothing and tranquil . 
 `` i booked you for a deep tissue massage , a carrot body buff , and an oxygen facial , '' spencer 's mother said , taking out her wallet . 
 `` and then after that , i made us reservations for a late lunch at feast . '' 
 `` wow , '' spencer gushed . 
 feast , the bistro next door , was mrs. hastings and melissa 's regular lunch spot . 
 mrs. hastings squeezed spencer 's shoulder , the smell of her liberally applied chanel no. 5 perfume tickling spencer 's nose . 
 an aesthetician showed spencer the locker where she could stash her clothes and change into a robe and slippers . 
 before she knew it , she was lying on a massage table , melting into a puddle of goo . 
 spencer had n't felt this close to her parents in a long , long time . 
 last night , she and her dad had watched the godfather in the den , her dad quoting every line by heart , and later , she and her mother began planning the rosewood day hunt club benefit that would take place in two months . 
 plus , when she checked her grades online this morning , she 'd seen that she had aced the last ap econ test . 
 good news like that called for an appreciative text to andrew-he 'd been her tutor-and he wrote back saying he knew she could do it . 
 he also asked if she wanted to go with him to the valentine 's day dance in a few weeks . 
 spencer said yes . 
 her conversation with melissa still nagged at her , though , as did a 's note about a cover-up . 
 spencer could n't believe her mother would make melissa blame ian for ali 's murder . 
 melissa must have misinterpreted their mother 's concern . 
 and as for a ... well , spencer certainly did n't trust anything a had to say . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 the masseuse 's voice floated down from above . 
 `` you 've suddenly turned to stone . 
 let go . '' 
 spencer forced her muscles to relax . 
 crashing ocean waves and cawing seagulls swelled from the sound machine . 
 she shut her eyes , huffing three short yoga fire breaths . 
 she would not overreact . 
 that was probably just what a wanted . 
 after the massage , the carrot buff , and the oxygen facial , spencer felt loose , soft , and glowing . 
 her mother was waiting for her at feast , drinking a glass of lemon water and reading a copy of mainline magazine . 
 `` that was wonderful , '' spencer said , flopping down . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 `` it 's my pleasure , '' mrs. hastings answered , unfolding her napkin and placing it neatly on her lap . 
 `` anything to help you relax after everything you 've gone through . '' 
 they fell silent . 
 spencer stared at the hand-thrown ceramic plate in front of her . 
 her mother ran her pointer finger around the lip of her glass . 
 after sixteen years of playing second fiddle , spencer had no idea what to say to her mom . 
 she could n't even remember the last time they 'd been alone together . 
 mrs. hastings sighed and stared absently at the oak bar in the corner . 
 a couple of customers were sitting on high stools , nursing lunchtime martinis and glasses of chardonnay . 
 `` i did n't mean for it to get like this between us , you know , '' she said , as if reading spencer 's mind . 
 `` i do n't really know what happened . '' 
 melissa happened , spencer thought . 
 but she just shrugged and tapped her toes to the beat of `` fur elise , '' one of the last pieces of music she 'd learned during her piano lessons . 
 `` i pushed you too hard in school , and that pushed you away , '' her mother lamented , lowering her voice as four coiffed women carrying yoga mats and tory burch purses followed the hostess to a back booth . 
 `` with melissa , it was easier . 
 there were fewer standouts in her grade . '' 
 she paused to sip her water . 
 `` but with you ... well , your class was different . 
 i saw how you were satisfied with being number two . 
 i wanted you to be a leader , not a follower . '' 
 spencer 's heart sped up , yesterday 's conversation with melissa fresh in her mind . 
 mom was n't exactly ali 's biggest fan , melissa had said . 
 `` do you mean ... alison ? '' 
 she asked . 
 mrs. hastings took a measured sip of her sparkling water . 
 `` she 's one example , yes . 
 alison definitely liked to be the center of attention . '' 
 spencer chose her words carefully . 
 `` and ... you thought i should have been ? '' 
 mrs. hastings pursed her lips . 
 `` well , i thought you could have asserted yourself more . 
 like that time alison got the spot on the jv field hockey team and you did n't . 
 you just ... accepted it . 
 you usually had a little more fight in you . 
 and you certainly deserved that spot . '' 
 the restaurant suddenly smelled like sweet potato fries . 
 three waiters paraded out of the kitchen with a slice of cake for a stately , graying woman a few tables over . 
 they serenaded her with `` happy birthday . '' 
 spencer ran her hand over the back of her neck , which was a little sweaty . 
 for years , she 'd hoped someone would say out loud that ali was n't all that , but now , she only felt guilty and slightly defensive . 
 was melissa right ? 
 had her mom disliked ali ? 
 it felt like a personal criticism . 
 after all , ali had been her best friend , and mrs. hastings always liked all of melissa 's friends . 
 `` anyway , '' mrs. hastings said after the waiters had stopped singing , lacing her long fingers together , `` i worried that you were settling for being second best , so i started pushing you harder . 
 i realize now it was more about me than it was about you . '' 
 she tucked a strand of pale hair behind her ear . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 spencer asked , gripping the edge of the table . 
 mrs. hastings 's gaze fixed on a large magritte ceci n'est pas unepipe print across the room . 
 `` i do n't know , spence . 
 maybe it 's not worth getting into right now . 
 it 's something i have n't even told your sister . '' 
 a waitress passed , carrying a tray of waldorf salads and focaccia sandwiches . 
 out the window , two women with maclaren baby carriages were chatting and laughing . 
 spencer leaned forward , her mouth dry as paper . 
 so there was a secret , just like a said . 
 spencer hoped it had nothing to do with ali . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said bravely . 
 `` you can tell me . '' 
 mrs. hastings pulled out a tube of chanel lipstick , coated her lips , and then shook out her shoulders . 
 `` you know how your dad went to yale law ? '' 
 she began . 
 spencer nodded . 
 her dad dutifully donated to the law school every year and drank coffee out of his handsome dan the yale bulldog mug . 
 at the family 's annual christmas party , he always drank too much eggnog and sang that `` boola boola '' yale fight song with his old school buddies . 
 `` well , i was at yale law too , '' mrs. hastings said . 
 `` it 's where i met your father . '' 
 spencer pressed her hand to her mouth , wondering if she 'd heard her mother wrong . 
 `` i thought you guys met at a party on martha 's vineyard , '' she squeaked . 
 her mother gave her a wistful smile . 
 `` one of our first dates was to that party . 
 but we met the first week of school . '' 
 spencer unfolded then refolded her linen napkin on her lap . 
 `` how come i never knew ? '' 
 a waitress arrived , handing spencer and her mom their menus . 
 when she flounced away , mrs. hastings continued . 
 `` because i did n't finish law school . 
 after my first year i got pregnant with your sister . 
 nana hastings found out and demanded that your dad and i marry . 
 we decided that i 'd defer yale for a few years and raise the baby . 
 i planned to go back ... . '' 
 an expression spencer could n't gauge flickered across her mom 's face . 
 `` we fudged the date on our marriage certificate because we did n't want to make it seem like it was a shotgun marriage . '' 
 she pushed a pale blond strand of hair out of her eyes . 
 a blackberry beeped two tables over . 
 a man at the bar let out a loud guffaw . 
 `` it was what i wanted . 
 but i 'd also always wanted to be a lawyer . 
 i know that i ca n't control how your life turns out , spence , but i want to make sure you have every opportunity in the world . 
 it 's why i 've been so tough on you about everything ... grades , golden orchid , sports . 
 but i 'm sorry . 
 i have n't been fair . '' 
 spencer stared at her mother for a long beat , speechless . 
 someone dropped a tray of plates in the kitchen , but she did n't flinch . 
 mrs. hastings reached across the table and touched spencer 's hand . 
 `` i hope it 's not a burden to hear this . 
 i just wanted you to know the truth . '' 
 `` no , '' spencer croaked . 
 `` it explains a lot . 
 i 'm glad you told me . 
 but why did n't you go back to school after melissa was old enough ? '' 
 `` i just ... '' mrs. hastings shrugged . 
 `` we wanted you ... and that time had passed . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` please do n't tell melissa , '' she urged . 
 `` you know how sensitive she is . 
 she 'd worry i resent her . '' 
 inside , spencer felt a tiny thrill . 
 so she was the daughter they 'd planned for ... and melissa was the one they had n't . 
 and maybe this was even the cover-up a had been talking about , although it did n't have anything to do with ali , or mrs. hastings not liking her . 
 but as spencer reached for a piece of flatbread , a tiny , buried memory from the night ali vanished twinkled in her mind . 
 after ali ditched them in the barn , spencer and the others decided to go home . 
 emily , hanna , and aria called their parents for rides , and spencer went back into her house and up into her bedroom . 
 the television had been on downstairs-melissa and ian were in the den-but her parents were n't anywhere to be seen . 
 that was odd , because they typically did n't allow spencer or melissa to be alone with boys in the house . 
 spencer had slid under her duvet , miserable at how badly the night had gone . 
 something woke her much later . 
 when she stepped into the hall and peered over the railing , she saw two figures in the foyer . 
 one was melissa , still wearing the gray flutter-sleeve top and black silk headband she 'd had on earlier . 
 she was whispering heatedly with mr. hastings . 
 spencer could n't hear much of what they were saying , only that melissa sounded angry and her father sounded defensive . 
 at one point , melissa let out a frenzied cry . 
 `` i ca n't believe you , '' she said . 
 and then her father said something spencer could n't discern . 
 `` where 's mom ? '' 
 melissa asked , her voice rising with hysterics . 
 `` we need to find her ! '' 
 then they hurried toward the kitchen , and spencer shut the door quickly and scuttled back into her room . 
 `` spence ? '' 
 spencer jumped . 
 her mother was staring at her with large , round eyes across the table . 
 when spencer looked down at her hands , cupped around her water glass , she realized they were trembling uncontrollably . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 mrs. hastings asked . 
 spencer opened her mouth , then shut it fast . 
 was that a real memory , or a dream ? 
 had her mother been missing that night too ? 
 but it was implausible that she 'd seen ali 's true killer . 
 if she had , she would 've gone to the cops immediately . 
 she was n't that heartless-or lawless . 
 and what would be the point of covering up something like that ? 
 `` where did you go just now ? '' 
 mrs. hastings asked , her head tilted . 
 spencer squeezed her softened , paraffin-soaked palms together . 
 since they were being honest with each other , maybe she could talk about this . 
 `` i ... i was just thinking about the night ali went missing , '' she blurted . 
 mrs. hastings twirled the two-carat diamond stud in her right ear , letting this sink in . 
 then her forehead wrinkled . 
 the lines around her mouth looked etched as though with a chisel . 
 her eyes darted down to her plate . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 spencer asked quickly , her heart rocketing to her throat . 
 mrs. hastings 's mouth snapped into a tight smile . 
 `` that was a terrible night , honey . '' 
 her voice dropped an octave . 
 `` let 's not talk about it ever again . '' 
 and then she turned away , flagging down the waitress to take their orders . 
 she seemed nonchalant enough as she asked for the asian chicken salad with sesame dressing on the side , but spencer could n't help but notice that her hand was clenched tightly around her knife , and her finger was slowly tracing the sharpened edge of the blade . 
 chapter 12 even a nuthouse needs an in crowd hanna stood in the cafeteria at the preserve at addison-stevens , a tray of baked chicken and steamed veggies in her arms . 
 the cafeteria was a large , square room with honey-colored wood floors , small farm tables , a glossy black steinway grand piano off to one side , and a wall of windows that looked out onto the shimmering meadow . 
 there were textured , abstract paintings on the walls and gray velvet curtains on the windows . 
 on a table near the back were two shiny , expensive-looking cappuccino makers , a long , stainless-steel cooler full of every kind of soda imaginable , and platters upon platters of divine-looking chocolate cakes , lemon meringue pies , and toffee-fudge brownies . 
 not that hanna would be partaking in the desserts , of course . 
 this place might have a james beard award-winning pastry chef , but the last thing she needed was to pack on ten pounds of fat . 
 admittedly , her first day in the loony bin had n't been that bad . 
 she 'd spent the first hour or so staring at the plaster swirls in the ceiling of her room , ruminating on how badly her life sucked . 
 then a nurse had come into her room , handing out a pill like it was a tic tac . 
 turned out , it had been a valium , which she was allowed to take whenever she wanted here . 
 then she 'd had an appointment with her therapist , dr. foster , who promised she would contact mike and tell him that hanna was n't allowed to use the phone or send e-mails except for sunday afternoons , so he would n't think she was ignoring him . 
 dr. foster also said hanna did n't have to talk about ali , a , or mona in session if she did n't want to . 
 and finally , the therapist reiterated over and over again that none of the girls on hanna 's floor knew who she was-most of them had been at the preserve for so long that they 'd never heard of a or ali to begin with . 
 `` so you wo n't have to think about it while you 're here , '' dr. foster said , patting hanna 's hand . 
 and all that took up the entire therapy hour . 
 score . 
 now it was mealtime . 
 everyone else in the girls ' wing was gathered at tables of three and four . 
 most patients were wearing hospital scrubs or flannel jammies , their hair mussed , their faces without makeup , their fingernails without polish . 
 there were , however , a few tables of pretty girls in skinny jeans , long tunics , and soft cashmere sweaters , their hair shiny , their bodies toned . 
 but no one had noticed hanna or welcomed her to sit with them . 
 they all seemed to look through her , as if she were just a two-dimensional image drawn on tracing paper . 
 as hanna stood in the doorway , shifting from foot to foot , she felt transported back to the rosewood day cafeteria on the first day of sixth grade . 
 sixth graders were officially part of the middle school , which meant they ate lunch with kids in seventh and eighth . 
 hanna had stood at the edge of the room just like this , wishing she were pretty and thin and popular enough to sit with naomi zeigler and alison dilaurentis . 
 then riley wolfe bumped hanna 's elbow , and hanna 's spaghetti-and-meatballs lunch splattered all over her shoes and the floor . 
 even today , she could still hear naomi 's high-pitched laugh , ali 's demure chuckle , and riley 's apathetic and insincere `` sorry . '' 
 hanna had run out of the cafeteria in tears . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 hanna turned around and saw a short , dumpy girl with dull brown hair and braces . 
 she would 've mistaken her for a twelve-year-old except that the girl had enormous boobs . 
 her melon-colored hoodie stretched tight across them , making them look rather like melons themselves . 
 with a sad twinge , hanna thought of mike . 
 he 'd probably make the same boobalicious remark . 
 `` are you new ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` you look kind of lost . '' 
 `` uh , yeah . '' 
 hanna wrinkled her nose at the sudden , grandmotherly smell of vicks vaporub . 
 it seemed to be wafting from this girl 's skin . 
 `` i 'm tara . '' 
 the girl spat a little as she spoke . 
 `` hanna , '' hanna murmured apathetically , moving aside to let an aide in pink scrubs pass . 
 `` you want to eat with us ? 
 it sucks to eat alone . 
 we 've all been there . '' 
 hanna lowered her eyes to the polished wood floor , considering her options . 
 tara did n't seem crazy-just dorky . 
 and beggars could n't be choosers . 
 `` uh , sure , '' she said , struggling to be polite . 
 `` great ! '' 
 tara-and her boobs-jiggled up and down . 
 she wove through the tables , leading hanna to a four-top at the back . 
 a rail-thin girl with a long , hangdog face and goth-pale skin was picking at a plate of plain penne noodles , and a pudgy redhead with a noticeable bald patch above her right ear was nibbling furiously on an ear of corn . 
 `` this is alexis and ruby , '' tara announced . 
 `` and this is hanna . 
 she 's new ! '' 
 alexis and ruby shyly said hi . 
 hanna said hi back , feeling more and more unsettled . 
 she was dying to ask these girls why they were here , but dr. foster had emphasized that diagnoses were not to be discussed except in private sessions or group therapy . 
 instead , patients were supposed to pretend that they were here by choice , like this was some kind of freaky camp . 
 tara plopped down next to hanna and immediately started cutting up the impressive pile of food on her plate-she had a hamburger , a square of lasagna , green beans bathed in butter and almonds , and a giant hunk of bread as big as hanna 's palm . 
 `` so this was your first day , right ? '' 
 tara asked cheerfully . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 hanna shrugged , wondering if tara had overeating issues . 
 `` kind of boring . '' 
 tara nodded , chewing with her mouth open . 
 `` i know . 
 the no-internet thing sucks . 
 you ca n't twitter or blog or anything . 
 do you have a blog ? '' 
 `` no , '' hanna answered , trying not to scoff . 
 blogs were for people who did n't have lives . 
 tara shoved another forkful of food into her mouth . 
 she had a tiny cold sore at the corner of her lip . 
 `` you 'll get used to it . 
 most people here are really nice . 
 there are only a couple girls to stay away from . '' 
 `` they 're bitches , '' alexis said , her voice surprisingly husky for someone so thin . 
 the other girls giggled naughtily at the word bitches . 
 `` they spend all their time at the spa , '' ruby said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` they ca n't go one day without getting a manicure . '' 
 hanna almost choked on a broccoli stalk , certain she 'd heard ruby wrong . 
 `` did you just say this place has a spa ? '' 
 `` yeah , but it costs extra . '' 
 tara wrinkled her nose . 
 hanna ran her tongue over her teeth . 
 how had she not heard about the spa ? 
 and who cared if it cost extra ? 
 she was totally charging treatments to her dad 's tab . 
 it served him right . 
 `` so who 's your roomie ? '' 
 tara asked . 
 hanna tucked her pebbled leather marc jacobs bag under her seat . 
 `` i have n't met her yet . '' 
 her roommate had n't returned to their shared room all day . 
 she 'd probably been sent to a padded isolation room or something . 
 tara smiled . 
 `` well , you should hang with us . 
 we 're awesome . '' 
 she pointed her fork at alexis and ruby . 
 `` we make up plays about the hospital staff and perform them in our rooms . 
 ruby 's usually the lead . '' 
 `` ruby is destined for the broadway stage , '' alexis added . 
 `` she 's really good . '' 
 ruby blushed and ducked her head . 
 little corn kernels were stuck to her left cheek . 
 hanna had a feeling the closest ruby would get to a broadway stage would be as a cashier in the lobby snack bar . 
 `` we play america 's next top model , too , '' tara went on , stabbing at the lasagna . 
 this instantly sent alexis and ruby into hysterics . 
 they slapped hands and belted out the show 's theme song , very off-key . 
 `` i wan na be on top!na na na na na na ! '' 
 hanna slumped in her seat . 
 it seemed like all the overhead lights in the cafeteria had dimmed except for the one directly over their table . 
 a couple of girls at nearby tables turned and stared . 
 `` you guys pretend you 're models ? '' 
 she asked weakly . 
 ruby took a swig of coke . 
 `` not really . 
 mostly we just put together outfits from our closets and strut down the hall like it 's a runway . 
 tara has awesome clothes . 
 and she 's got a burberry bag ! '' 
 tara dabbed her mouth with a napkin . 
 `` it 's fake , '' she confessed . 
 `` my mom got it for me in chinatown in new york . 
 but it totally looks like the real thing . '' 
 hanna felt her will to live slowly drain out the soles of her feet . 
 she eyed two chatting nurses near the dessert tray and wished she could hit them up for a double dose of valium right then . 
 `` i 'm sure it does , '' she lied . 
 suddenly , a blond girl watching them by the soup tureens caught hanna 's eye . 
 she had corn-silk blond hair , pale , gorgeous skin , and an alluring , indefinable presence about her . 
 a shiver snaked through hanna 's body . 
 ali ? 
 she did a double take and realized this girl 's face was rounder , her eyes were green , not blue , and all her features were a little pointy . 
 hanna slowly let out a breath . 
 but the girl was now making a beeline for hanna , tara , alexis , and ruby , winding quickly around the tables . 
 she had the exact same smirk on her face that ali used to get when she was about to tease someone . 
 hanna gazed despondently at her dinner companions . 
 then she ran her hands along her thighs , stiffening with alarm . 
 did her legs feel chunkier than usual ? 
 and why did her hair feel so brittle and frizzy ? 
 her heart began to pound . 
 what if , just by sitting here with these dorks , hanna had instantly reverted to her lame , loserish , pre-ali self ? 
 what if she 'd sprouted a double chin and back fat , and what if her teeth had gone instantly crooked ? 
 nervous , hanna reached for a piece of bread from the basket in the middle of the table . 
 just as she was about to shove the whole thing into her mouth , she recoiled in horror . 
 what was she doing ? 
 fabulous hanna never ate bread . 
 tara noticed the girl walking toward them and nudged ruby . 
 alexis sat up straighter . 
 everyone held their breath as the girl approached the table . 
 when she touched hanna 's arm , hanna bristled , bracing for the worst . 
 she 'd probably morphed into a hideous troll by now . 
 `` are you hanna ? '' 
 the girl said in a clear , mellifluous voice . 
 hanna tried to speak , but her words got caught in her throat . 
 she made a sound that was a cross between a hiccup and a burp . 
 `` yeah , '' she finally managed , her cheeks flaming . 
 the girl stuck out her hand . 
 her long nails were painted chanel black . 
 `` i 'm iris , '' she said . 
 `` your roommate . '' 
 `` h-hi , '' hanna said cautiously , staring into iris 's pale green , almond-shaped eyes . 
 iris stepped away , looking hanna up and down appraisingly . 
 then she offered her hand . 
 `` come with me , '' she said airily . 
 `` we do n't hang out with losers . '' 
 everyone at the table let out an outraged gasp . 
 alexis 's face was as long as a horse 's . 
 ruby pulled nervously at her hair . 
 tara shook her head vehemently , as if hanna was about to eat something poisonous . 
 she mouthed the word bitch . 
 but iris smelled like lilacs , not vick 's vaporub . 
 she was wearing the same long joie cashmere cardigan hanna had bought two weeks ago at otter , and she did n't have bald patches on her scalp . 
 long ago , hanna vowed to never be a dork again . 
 those rules even applied inside a mental hospital . 
 shrugging , she stood up and plucked her purse from the ground . 
 `` sorry , ladies , '' she said sweetly , blowing them a kiss . 
 and then she looped her arm around iris 's waiting elbow and walked away , not once looking back . 
 as they strutted through the cafeteria , iris leaned down to hanna 's ear . 
 `` you totally lucked out by getting a room with me instead of with some of the other freaks . 
 i 'm the only normal one here . '' 
 `` thank god , '' hanna said under her breath , rolling her eyes . 
 iris stopped and gave hanna a long , hard look . 
 a smile washed over her face , one that seemed to say , yeah , you 're cool . 
 and hanna realized that iris might be cool too . 
 more than cool . 
 the two of them exchanged a smug , knowing look that only pretty , popular girls understood . 
 iris twisted a long strand of pale blond hair around her finger . 
 `` so , mud masks after dinner ? 
 i 'm assuming you know about the spa . '' 
 `` done . '' 
 hanna nodded . 
 hope swelled in her chest . 
 maybe this place would n't be so bad after all . 
 chapter 13 someone 's not as typical as you think wednesday afternoon , aria sat at the kitchen table at byron and meredith 's new house , staring gloomily into a bag of organic honey-wheat pretzels . 
 the house had been built in the 1950s , with ornate crown molding , a three-tier deck , and beautiful french doors leading from room to room . 
 unfortunately , the kitchen was small and cramped , and the appliances had n't been updated since the cold war era . 
 to make up for its old-fashionedness , meredith had stripped the plaid wallpaper and painted the walls neon green . 
 like that would be soothing for the baby . 
 mike sat next to aria , grumbling that the only beverage in the house was nonfat rice dream soy milk . 
 byron had invited mike over after school so he could get to know meredith better , although the only thing mike had said to meredith so far was that her boobs had really grown since she 'd gotten knocked up . 
 she 'd smiled tightly then clomped upstairs to prepare the baby 's nursery . 
 mike turned the little kitchen tv to the news . 
 public calls for pretty little liars to take polygraphs said a block-letter headline on the screen . 
 aria gasped and leaned forward . 
 `` some people suspect the four rosewood girls who claimed they saw alison dilaurentis may be keeping vital information from the police , '' a smug , blond reporter said into the camera . 
 downtown rosewood , with its quaint village square , french cafe , and danish furniture store , was in the shot behind her . 
 `` they 've been at the center of many scandals involving alison dilaurentis 's case . 
 then on saturday they were found at the site of a fire that ravaged the woods where mr. thomas was last seen , destroying any possible clues as to his whereabouts . 
 according to several reports , the police are ready to take action against the liars should any evidence of conspiracy emerge . '' 
 `` conspiracy ? '' 
 aria repeated , dumbfounded . 
 did they honestly think aria and the others had helped ian escape ? 
 it seemed wilden 's warning had been right . 
 they 'd lost any remaining shred of credibility when emily claimed they saw ali . 
 the entire town had turned against them . 
 she gazed vacantly out the bay window to the backyard . 
 workers and cops were scattered around the woods behind her house , poking through the ashes and searching for clues as to who had set the fire . 
 they looked like busy ants in a colony . 
 a woman cop stood near a big telephone pole , two panting german shepherds wearing k-9 unit vests at her side . 
 aria wanted to run outside in her hemp slippers and drop ian 's ring back where she 'd found it , but guards and dogs were patrolling the perimeter 24/7 . 
 sighing , she pulled out her phone and started a new text to spencer . 
 did u just see the news about polygraphs ? 
 yes , spencer texted back immediately . 
 aria paused , considering how to word her next question . 
 do you think it 's possible that ali 's spirit is trying to tell us something ? 
 maybe that 's what we saw the night of the fire ? 
 seconds after she fired off the text , spencer wrote back . 
 like her ghost ? 
 yes . 
 no way . 
 aria turned her phone facedown on the table . 
 it was n't surprising that spencer did n't believe her . 
 back when they used to go swimming in peck 's pond , ali made them chant a rhyme that would keep the spirit of the dead man who 'd drowned there from harming them . 
 spencer was the only one who rolled her eyes and refused to play along . 
 `` dude , '' mike said excitedly , and aria looked up . 
 `` you have to tell me what a polygraph is like . 
 i bet it 's awesome . '' 
 when he saw aria 's sick expression , he scoffed . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 the cops wo n't make you take a test . 
 you have n't done anything wrong . 
 hanna would tell me if you had . '' 
 `` are you and hanna really dating ? '' 
 aria asked , desperate to change the subject . 
 mike squared his shoulders . 
 `` is that really such a surprise ? 
 i 'm hot . '' 
 he popped a pretzel into his mouth . 
 crumbs fell to the tile floor . 
 `` and speaking of hanna , if you 've been looking for her , she went to singapore to be with her mom . 
 she 's not , like , locked away somewhere or anything . 
 she 's not , like , i do n't know , in vegas training to be a stripper . '' 
 aria stared at him crazily . 
 she really had no idea how hanna put up with him . 
 she did n't blame hanna for taking off to singapore either-aria would do anything to get out of rosewood too . 
 even emily had gotten out of town , off on some church trip to boston . 
 `` i heard something about you . '' 
 mike pointed at her accusingly , wiggling his dark eyebrows . 
 `` a reliable source told me that you and noel kahn hung out yesterday . '' 
 aria groaned . 
 `` would that reliable source be noel himself ? '' 
 `` well , yeah . '' 
 mike shrugged . 
 he leaned forward and asked in a gossipy voice , `` so what did you guys do ? '' 
 aria licked pretzel salt off her fingers . 
 huh . 
 so noel had n't told mike that they 'd gone to a seance . 
 it appeared that he had n't told the press , either . 
 `` we just ran into each other somewhere . '' 
 `` he totally likes you . '' 
 mike propped his dirty sneakers on the kitchen table . 
 aria ducked her head , staring at what looked like a morsel of kashi on the tile floor . 
 `` no , he does n't . '' 
 `` he 's having a hot tub party on thursday , '' mike added . 
 `` you heard about that , right ? 
 the kahns are going away and noel and his brothers are going all out . '' 
 `` why is the party on a thursday ? '' 
 `` thursday is the new saturday , '' mike quipped , rolling his eyes as if everyone should know that . 
 `` it 's going to be sick . 
 you should go . '' 
 `` no , thanks , '' aria said quickly . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was go to another noel kahn party-they were full of typical rosewood boys doing keg stands , typical rosewood girls puking up their chocolate martinis and jell-o shots , and typical rosewood couples making out on the kahn family 's louis xv-style sofas . 
 the doorbell rang , and they both sat up straighter . 
 `` you get it , '' aria insisted . 
 `` if it 's the press , i 'm not home . '' 
 reporters had become so brazen , walking right up to the porch and ringing the doorbell several times a day , as nonchalant as the ups man ; aria half-expected that one of these days they were going to barge right in . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 mike peeked at his reflection in the hall mirror and smoothed back his hair . 
 just as mike was about to open the door , aria realized that she was plainly visible from the front porch . 
 if it was the press , they 'd push past mike and never leave her alone . 
 feeling panicked and trapped , aria looked around , darted into the pantry , wedged herself awkwardly under a shelf that contained sacks of brown rice , and slid the door shut . 
 the pantry smelled like pepper . 
 one of meredith 's brandings-words burned onto big slabs of wood-was propped over a box of couscous . 
 women unite , it said . 
 aria heard the front door creak open . 
 `` waaaasssuuup ? '' 
 mike yelled . 
 palms smacked together , and sneakers thudded back down the hall . 
 two sets of sneakers . 
 aria peered between the slats of the pantry door , wondering what was happening . 
 to her horror , she saw mike leading noel kahn into the kitchen . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 mike swiveled around the big kitchen , looking confused . 
 when he faced the pantry , he raised one eyebrow and opened the little door . 
 `` found her ! '' 
 he crowed . 
 `` she 's hanging out with the rice-a-roni ! '' 
 `` whoa . '' 
 noel appeared behind mike . 
 `` i wish there was aria in my pantry ! '' 
 `` mike ! '' 
 aria stepped out of the pantry quickly , as if she had n't been hiding . 
 `` i told you to say i was n't home ! '' 
 mike shrugged . 
 `` you told me to say that only if it was someone from the press . 
 not noel . '' 
 aria gave both of them a sharp look . 
 she still did n't trust noel . 
 and she felt ashamed after her behavior at the seance , too . 
 she 'd spent several minutes in the occult shop 's little bathroom , staring crazily at the missing person flyer . 
 noel had finally knocked on the door , telling her that the power had gone out and everyone needed to leave . 
 noel turned and snickered at the pregnancy exercises meredith had hung on the fridge . 
 many were about strengthening the vag ** al muscles . 
 `` i wanted to talk to you , aria . '' 
 he glanced at mike . 
 `` alone , if that 's cool . '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 mike boomed loudly . 
 he shot aria a look that said do n't screw this up , then headed for the den . 
 aria looked in every direction but at noel 's face . 
 `` um , want a drink ? '' 
 she asked , feeling awkward . 
 `` sure , '' noel said . 
 `` water 's fine . '' 
 aria held the glass to the refrigerator dispenser , her back straight and tense . 
 she could still smell the prenatal kelp-and-pumpkin shake meredith had made fifteen minutes earlier . 
 after she returned to the table with noel 's drink , noel reached into his backpack , produced a gray plastic bag , and thrust it at her . 
 `` for you ! '' 
 aria reached inside and pulled out a large packet of what looked like dirt . 
 success incense said the label . 
 when aria pressed it to her nose , her eyes crossed . 
 it smelled like her cat 's litter box . 
 `` oh , '' she mumbled , uncertain . 
 `` i bought it from that freaky store , '' noel explained . 
 `` it 's supposed to bring you good luck . 
 that warlock dude told me you have to burn it in a magick circle , whatever the hell that is . '' 
 aria snorted . 
 `` uh , thanks . '' 
 she laid the incense on the table and plunged her hand into the pretzel bag . 
 noel was reaching into the bag at the same time . 
 their fingers bumped together . 
 `` oops , '' noel said . 
 `` sorry , '' aria said , yanking her hand away . 
 her cheeks blazed . 
 noel leaned his elbows on the table . 
 `` so , you bolted from the seance yesterday . 
 everything cool ? '' 
 aria shoved the pretzel in her mouth fast so she would n't have to answer . 
 `` that medium guy was bogus , '' noel added . 
 `` a total waste of twenty bucks . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' aria mumbled , crunching pensively . 
 she was very sad , equinox the medium had said . 
 maybe he was bogus , but what if that part was true ? 
 mrs. dilaurentis had insinuated as much the day after ali went missing . 
 a few unsettling memories about ali had popped into aria 's mind over the past twenty-four hours , too . 
 like the time that , not long after they 'd become friends , ali had invited aria to go with her and her mom to the family 's new vacation home in the poconos ; her dad and jason were staying in rosewood . 
 the house was a big , rambling cape cod with a patio , a game room , and a hidden staircase that led from one of the back bedrooms to the kitchen . 
 one morning , when aria was playing on the secret stairs by herself , she 'd heard whispering through the grates . 
 `` i just feel so guilty , '' ali was saying . 
 `` you should n't , '' her mother replied sternly . 
 `` this is n't your fault . 
 you know this is the best thing for our family . '' 
 `` but ... that place . '' 
 ali sounded repulsed . 
 `` it 's so ... sad . '' 
 at least that was what aria thought ali had said . 
 ali 's voice got very low after that , and aria could n't hear anything else . 
 according to the logbook emily found at the radley , jason began visiting the hospital right around the time aria , ali , and the others became friends . 
 maybe the place ali was referring to in that conversation with her mom was the radley . 
 perhaps ali felt guilty that jason was there . 
 maybe it had been ali 's final decision that he go . 
 as much as aria did n't want to believe that ali and jason had issues , maybe they did . 
 she felt noel 's eyes on her , waiting for an answer . 
 this was n't worth thinking about now , especially with noel sitting here . 
 `` there 's no such thing as ghosts speaking to us from the afterlife , '' she mustered , parroting spencer 's sentiment . 
 noel stared at her indignantly , like aria had just told him there was no such thing as lacrosse . 
 as he shifted his weight , aria could smell his spicy , woodsy deodorant . 
 it was surprisingly pleasant . 
 `` what if ali really does have something to tell you ? 
 are you sure you want to give up now ? '' 
 suspicion boiled in aria 's stomach . 
 fed up , she slammed her palm on the table . 
 `` why do you care ? 
 did someone put you up to this ? 
 is this some weird lacrosse prank to embarrass me ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 noel 's mouth drooped . 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 `` then why were you at a seance ? 
 guys like you are n't into this stuff . '' 
 noel lowered his chin . 
 `` what do you mean , guys like me ? '' 
 meredith slammed an upstairs door shut , making the whole house shiver . 
 aria had never actually told anyone that she 'd dubbed guys like noel typical rosewood boys-not her parents , not her friends , and certainly not a typical rosewood boy himself . 
 `` you seem so , well , preppy , '' she fudged . 
 `` well adjusted . '' 
 noel rested his elbow on a stack of baby catalogues , his dark hair falling into his face . 
 he breathed in a couple times , as if he was ramping up to say something , and finally looked up . 
 `` okay , it 's true-i do n't go to seances because i like led zeppelin . '' 
 he shot her a look out of the corner of his eye , then stared into his glass , as if the ice cubes were tea leaves that contained his future . 
 `` ten years ago , when i was six , my brother killed himself . '' 
 aria blinked , caught off guard . 
 she thought of noel 's two brothers , erik and preston . 
 they were constant fixtures at the kahns ' house parties , even though they were both in college . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` my brother jared . '' 
 noel rolled the top catalogue tightly in his hands . 
 `` he was a lot older . 
 my parents do n't talk about him much anymore . '' 
 aria clutched the edge of the worn table . 
 noel had had another brother ? 
 `` how did it happen ? '' 
 `` well , my parents were out , '' noel explained . 
 `` jared was babysitting me . 
 we were playing myst , this computer game , but then it got late and i started dozing off . 
 jared seemed reluctant to put me to bed , but he finally did . 
 when i woke up a while later , something just felt ... weird . 
 the house was too quiet or something . 
 so i got up and walked to the end of the hall . 
 jared 's door was closed , and i knocked , but he did n't answer . 
 so i just went in . 
 and ... '' noel shrugged and unfurled the catalogue . 
 it flopped open to a page showing a blond , smiling baby in a red bouncy chair . 
 `` there he was . '' 
 having no idea what to say , she touched noel 's hand . 
 he did n't pull away . 
 `` he 'd ... you know . 
 hung himself . '' 
 noel closed his eyes . 
 `` i did n't really understand what i was seeing at first . 
 i thought he was just playing or whatever , maybe punishing me because i had n't stayed up to play myst with him longer . 
 my parents came home then and i do n't remember anything after that . '' 
 `` god , '' aria whispered . 
 `` he was going to cornell the following year . '' 
 noel 's voice cracked . 
 `` he was an all-star basketball player . 
 his life seemed ... awesome . 
 my parents did n't see it coming either . 
 neither did my brothers or his girlfriend . 
 no one did . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' aria whispered . 
 she felt like an insensitive , sanctimonious ass . 
 who knew noel had such an awful secret ? 
 and here she thought he 'd been just pulling a stupid prank on her . 
 `` have you ever been able to talk to him at seances ? '' 
 noel fiddled with the frog-shaped saltshaker in the middle of the table . 
 `` not really . 
 but i keep trying . 
 and i talk to him at the cemetery a lot . 
 that seems to help . '' 
 aria made a face . 
 `` i 've tried to do that with ali , but i always feel so weird . 
 like i 'm talking to myself . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' noel said . 
 `` i think she 's listening . '' 
 the vacuum cleaner groaned to life , vibrating the ceiling above them . 
 aria and noel sat still for a moment , listening . 
 noel 's piercing green eyes met hers . 
 `` can you keep this to yourself ? 
 you 're kind of the only person who knows . '' 
 `` of course , '' aria said quickly , studying noel . 
 he did n't seem mad that she 'd forced this out of him at all . 
 when she looked down , she realized that her hand was still touching his . 
 she pulled it away fast , suddenly feeling very flustered . 
 noel was still staring at her . 
 aria 's heart began to pound . 
 she fidgeted nervously with the antique silver chain around her neck . 
 noel moved closer and closer until she could feel his breath on her neck . 
 it smelled like black licorice , one of aria 's favorite candies . 
 she held her breath , waiting . 
 but then , as if awakening from a dream , noel jerked back , grabbed his glass from the table , and stood . 
 `` i guess i 'll go find mike now . 
 see ya . '' 
 giving her a little wave , he ducked through the archway and into the hall . 
 aria pressed her cool glass of water to her forehead . 
 for a moment there , she 'd thought noel was going to kiss her . 
 and in a very untypical aria moment , she kind of wished he had . 
 chapter 14 even good girls have secrets early that same wednesday evening , emily crunched across the fields behind lucy 's house , carrying a bucket of water to the animals in the barn . 
 the wind whipped across her face , making her eyes water . 
 a couple of houses in the distance already had their lanterns lit , and a horse and buggy clopped up the dirt path toward the road , the reflective , triangular sign on its back glowing . 
 `` thanks , '' lucy called , catching up to emily . 
 she carried a bucket of water too . 
 `` after this , all we have to do is clean the floors of mary 's house for her wedding ceremony on saturday . '' 
 `` okay , '' emily said . 
 she did n't dare ask why mary was having her wedding in her house instead of the church . 
 it was probably just some amish thing she was supposed to know . 
 their day had been jam-packed with early-morning farm chores , hours at the one-room schoolhouse reading bible passages and helping the younger kids learn the alphabet , and then helping lucy 's mom prepare dinner . 
 mr. and mrs. zook , lucy 's parents , looked classic national geographic amish-lucy 's father had a big , bushy , gray , moustacheless beard and wore a black hat , and her mother had a stern , makeupless face and rarely smiled . 
 still , they seemed gentle and kind enough-and they did n't suspect emily was faking . 
 or if they did , they did n't say anything . 
 but amid all that activity , emily had still looked for clues about ali everywhere they went . 
 but no one had uttered a name even close to one that sounded like alison or talked of the missing girl from rosewood . 
 most likely , a had just taken out a map of the u.s. and blindly picked any old place to ship emily off to , eager to get her out of rosewood . 
 and emily had fallen for it . 
 emily had tried to turn her phone back on this morning to see if a had written her again , but the battery had died . 
 her return bus ticket was for friday afternoon , but she was considering leaving early . 
 what was the point in staying here if she was n't going to find any answers ? 
 but a big part of emily did n't want to believe that a was truly evil . 
 a had given them all kinds of clues-maybe they 'd just put the puzzle together incorrectly . 
 what else had a told them that pointed to where ali might be now ... or where she 'd been all along ? 
 as emily stood on the porch , the chilly wind sneaking down her collar , she saw a dark-haired girl carrying a bucket of water into a barn across the field . 
 from this distance , the girl looked a lot like jenna cavanaugh . 
 jenna . 
 could she be the answer ? 
 a had sent emily an old photo of jenna , ali , and the back of an anonymous blond girl-probably naomi zeigler-standing in ali 's yard . 
 one of these things does n't belong , said a 's accompanying note . 
 figure it out quickly ... or else . 
 a had also tipped off emily that jenna and jason dilaurentis were arguing at jenna 's window . 
 emily had seen the fight with her own eyes , though she had no idea what it could 've been about . 
 why would a show her these things ? 
 why would a say that jenna did n't belong ? 
 was a simply pointing out that jenna and ali were closer than everyone thought ? 
 jenna and ali had co-conspired in getting rid of toby for good ; perhaps ali had confided in jenna that she 'd planned to run away . 
 perhaps jenna had even helped her . 
 emily and lucy walked down the front steps and across the field to mary 's parents ' house . 
 a buggy was parked in the gravel lot , and there were an old-fashioned seesaw and tire swing near the front porch , crusted over with snow . 
 before they started up the porch , lucy gave emily a sidelong glance . 
 `` thanks for everything , by the way . 
 you 've been a huge help . '' 
 `` no problem , '' emily said . 
 lucy leaned against the porch railing , looking like she was n't finished . 
 her throat bobbed as she swallowed , and her eyes looked even greener in the dying , slanted light . 
 `` why are you really here ? '' 
 emily 's heart shot to her throat . 
 there was a clattering sound from inside the house . 
 `` w-what do you mean ? '' 
 she stammered . 
 had lucy found her out ? 
 `` i 've been trying to figure it out . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` do ? '' 
 `` you were obviously sent here because we 're a more traditional community . '' 
 lucy smoothed her long wool coat under her butt and sat down on the wooden porch steps . 
 `` this is to get back on a virtuous path again , right ? 
 i 'm guessing something happened to you . 
 if you need to unburden yourself , you can tell me . 
 i wo n't say anything . '' 
 despite the air being bitingly cold , emily 's palms began to sweat . 
 isaac 's bedroom appeared in her mind . 
 she winced at the thought of them nak * d under isaac 's covers , giggling . 
 it seemed like so , so long ago , almost like it happened to a different person . 
 all her life , she 'd figured her first time hav ** g s * x would be special and meaningful , something she 'd treasure for the rest of her life . 
 instead , it had been an awful mistake . 
 `` it was this thing with a guy , '' she admitted . 
 `` i thought it might be something like that . '' 
 lucy picked at a splintered plank on the steps . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 emily watched lucy 's face . 
 she seemed genuinely sincere , not prying or judgmental . 
 she sank down on the porch next to her . 
 `` i thought we were in love . 
 it was so great at first . 
 but then ... '' `` what happened ? '' 
 lucy asked . 
 `` it just did n't work . '' 
 tears came to emily 's eyes . 
 `` he did n't really know me at all . 
 i did n't know him , either . '' 
 `` did your parents disapprove ? '' 
 lucy goaded , blinking her long lashes . 
 emily sniffed sarcastically . 
 `` no , actually , his parents did n't approve . '' 
 she did n't even have to lie about that part . 
 lucy bit one of her small , crescent-shaped fingernails . 
 the door to the house opened , and an older , stern-faced woman stuck her head out , scowled at them , and then disappeared back into the house . 
 a lemony smell of cleaning solution wafted out . 
 inside , the women were chattering in pennsylvania dutch , which sounded a lot like german . 
 `` i 'm kind of in a situation like that too , '' lucy whispered . 
 emily cocked her head , intrigued . 
 something crystallized in her mind . 
 `` is it the guy i saw running out of your house the other day ? '' 
 lucy slid her gaze to the right . 
 two older amish women walked up the steps and into the house , smiling politely at the two of them . 
 after they passed , emily touched lucy 's arm . 
 `` i wo n't say anything . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` he lives in hershey , '' lucy said in almost a whisper . 
 `` i met him when i was buying fabric for my mom . 
 my parents would kill me if they knew i was still talking to him . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because he 's english , '' lucy said in an uh-duh voice . 
 english was the amish term for regular , modern-living people . 
 `` and anyway , they already lost one daughter . 
 they ca n't lose me , too . '' 
 emily watched lucy 's face , trying to figure out what she meant . 
 lucy 's eyes were fixed on the iced-over pond across the street . 
 a couple of ducks were nestled at the bank , quacking irritably . 
 when she turned back to emily , her lips were trembling . 
 `` you asked me yesterday where my sister leah was . 
 she went away during rumspringa . '' 
 emily nodded . 
 according to the amish wikipedia entries she 'd read , rumspringa was a time when amish teenagers could leave their homes and experience things emily took for granted , like wearing normal clothes , working , and driving cars . 
 after a while , they could either choose to return to the amish faith or leave it forever . 
 she was pretty sure if they chose not to be amish , they could never see their families again . 
 `` and ... well , she never came back , '' lucy admitted . 
 `` one day , she was writing my parents letters , telling them what she was doing . 
 the next ... nothing . 
 no correspondence . 
 no word of her . 
 she was just ... gone . '' 
 emily pressed her hands into the hard , worn slats on the porch . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 lucy scrunched up her shoulders . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she had this boyfriend , this guy who was part of our community . 
 they had dated for years , since they were both about thirteen , but i always thought there was something weird about him . 
 he just seemed ... well , he certainly was n't worthy of her . 
 i was so happy when he decided to leave the community forever after rumspringa . 
 but he wanted leah to come with him too-he begged her , in fact . 
 but she had always said no . '' 
 lucy flicked a piece of dried mud off her black boots . 
 `` my parents figured leah died in an accident , or maybe of natural causes . 
 but i always wondered ... '' she trailed off , shaking her head . 
 `` they used to fight . 
 sometimes it got pretty intense . '' 
 a gust of wind pulled a strand of dark hair from lucy 's bun . 
 emily shivered . 
 `` we got the police involved . 
 they searched for her but came up with nothing . 
 they told us that people ran away all the time , and that there was nothing we could do . 
 we even got a private investigator-we thought that she maybe just ran away and wanted nothing to do with us . 
 even that would 've been fine-at least it meant she was alive . 
 for a long time , we were sure leah was out there , but one day my parents just gave up . 
 they said they needed closure . 
 i was the only one who still hoped . '' 
 `` i understand , '' emily whispered . 
 `` i 've lost someone too . 
 but people come back . 
 amazing things happen . '' 
 lucy turned away , gazing across the field at a big , cylindrical grain silo . 
 `` it 's been almost four years since she left . 
 maybe my parents are right . 
 maybe leah 's really gone . '' 
 `` you ca n't give up ! '' 
 emily cried . 
 `` it has n't been that long ! '' 
 a farm dog with patchy brown fur and no collar trotted up to the porch , sniffed lucy 's hand , and then settled by her feet . 
 `` i guess anything 's possible , '' lucy mused . 
 `` but maybe i 'm just being silly . 
 there 's time to keep hope alive and a time to let go . '' 
 she gestured down the road to the little cemetery behind the church . 
 `` we have a gravestone for her there . 
 we had a funeral and everything . 
 i have n't gone in there since , though . '' 
 tears began to spill down her cheeks . 
 lucy 's chin wobbled , and a small squeak emerged from the back of her throat . 
 leaning over her thighs , she took deep , shuddering breaths . 
 the farm dog stared at lucy worriedly . 
 emily placed her hand on lucy 's back . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 lucy nodded . 
 `` it 's so hard . '' 
 she lifted her head . 
 the tip of her nose was bright red . 
 she gave emily a sad , wry smile . 
 `` pastor adam is always bugging me to talk about this to someone . 
 this is the first time i 've admitted aloud that leah could be dead . 
 i have n't wanted to believe it . '' 
 there was a huge lump in emily 's throat . 
 she did n't want lucy to believe it either-she wanted lucy to have the same kind of hope that emily did about ali . 
 but because emily did n't know leah personally , because she was n't ali , emily could be more realistic about what might have happened . 
 people who disappear do n't usually come home . 
 lucy 's parents were probably right that leah was dead . 
 a single bright star appeared on the horizon . 
 ever since emily was little , she 'd wish on the first evening star , recite the `` star light , star bright '' rhyme , and make a wish . 
 after ali vanished , all of emily 's wishes on the star were about bringing ali back safe and sound . 
 but if emily looked at her own life as objectively as she could look at lucy 's family , what would she come to realize about what had happened to ali ? 
 was she just being silly too ? 
 maybe the doctors were right-maybe the girl in the woods had simply been a figment of her imagination . 
 and maybe wilden was n't lying , either-maybe there really was a dna report at the police station that matched ali 's . 
 maybe emily had just become so fanatical about ali being alive that she 'd twisted around all the facts to meet her needs , to prove that ali was still out there . 
 and now she 'd come all the way to amish country to pursue a lead that probably did n't even exist . 
 a few minutes ago , she 'd even entertained the idea that sweet , innocent jenna cavanaugh could 've helped smuggle ali out of rosewood . 
 maybe she needed to let go too , just like lucy and her family did about leah . 
 maybe it would be the only way she 'd be able to move on with her life . 
 from inside the house , there was a bonging , clanging sound of a pot hitting the floor . 
 then there were more crashes as dishes shattered . 
 a woman squealed , sounding a little like a cow . 
 emily sneaked a peek at lucy , trying not to laugh . 
 one corner of lucy 's lip curled up . 
 emily covered her mouth and let out a snort . 
 suddenly , both girls exploded into giggles . 
 the same stern woman stuck her head out the door and glared at them again . 
 that just made them laugh harder . 
 emily reached over and touched lucy 's hand , overcome with warmth and gratitude . 
 in a parallel , amish universe , she and lucy would probably be good friends . 
 `` thank you , '' emily said . 
 lucy looked surprised . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 but lucy obviously did n't get it . 
 a might have sent emily to amish country to find ali , but what emily had found instead was peace . 
 chapter 15 facebook friends spencer and andrew sat on the couch in the hastingses ' finished basement , blissfully snuggling and flipping through the tv channels . 
 things had returned to normal with andrew-better than normal , their fight of last week long forgotten . 
 they 'd sent each other flirty twitters during study hall , and when andrew had arrived at her house , he 'd presented her with a j. crew gift box . 
 inside was a brand-new , winter white cashmere v-neck , an exact match to spencer 's favorite sweater , which had been ruined in the fire . 
 spencer had made a passing reference to the sweater on the phone with andrew monday . 
 andrew had even guessed her correct size . 
 she lingered on cnn , which had switched from a stock market report to a breaking news story about something that was n't really breaking news at all . 
 waitingfor proof , the caption said . 
 there was an interior shot of steam , rosewood day 's espresso bar . 
 this footage must have been taken only a few hours earlier , because the chalkboard said wednesday special : hazelnut ice cream smoothie . 
 crowds of students in navy blue blazers stood in line for lattes and hot chocolate . 
 kirsten cullen was talking to james freed . 
 jenna cavanaugh lingered hauntingly in the doorway , her service dog panting . 
 in the corner , spencer spied hanna 's stepsister-to-be , kate randall , flanked by naomi zeigler and riley wolfe . 
 hanna was n't with them ; spencer had heard hanna had abruptly left for singapore . 
 emily was gone , too , on a trip to boston . 
 it seemed odd that emily was staying out of the limelight-she 'd been so adamant that the police look for ali-but it was also good . 
 `` the dna results for the body that was found in the dilaurentises ' backyard are due in any day now , '' said a voice-over . 
 `` let 's get the reaction of alison 's old classmates . '' 
 spencer flipped channels fast . 
 the last thing she wanted to hear was some random girl who had n't known ali pontificate about what a tragedy this was . 
 andrew squeezed her hand comfortingly and shook his head . 
 on the next station , aria 's face popped into view . 
 reporters chased her as she ran from her dad 's civic into rosewood day . 
 `` ms. montgomery ! 
 did someone set the fire to cover up a vital clue ? '' 
 screamed a voice . 
 aria kept going , not answering them . 
 a headline popped up on the screen . 
 what is this little liar hiding ? 
 `` whoa . '' 
 andrew 's face was red . 
 `` they seriously need to stop this . '' 
 spencer massaged her temples . 
 at least aria was n't spouting that they 'd seen ali . 
 but then she thought about the texts she 'd received from aria earlier that day , suggesting that ali 's spirit was trying to tell them something important about the night she died . 
 spencer did n't believe in any of that nonsense , but her words reminded spencer of something ian had said the day he broke house arrest . 
 what if i told you there 's something you do n't know ? 
 he 'd whispered to her as she sat on her back porch . 
 there 's a secret that 's going to turnyour life upside down . 
 ian had been wrong in thinking that jason and wilden were involved in ali 's murder , but she still believed there was something going on out there that none of them understood . 
 the alarm on andrew 's diving watch beeped and he stood . 
 `` the valentine 's day dance committee calls . '' 
 he groaned . 
 he leaned over and pecked her on the cheek , then squeezed her limp hand . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 spencer did n't make eye contact . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 he cocked his head , waiting . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 spencer opened and closed her fists . 
 it was pointless trying to hide it ; andrew had an uncanny knack for knowing when something was bothering her . 
 `` i found out some really crazy stuff about my parents , '' she blurted . 
 `` my mom kept this really big secret from me about how she and my dad met . 
 which makes me wonder if she 's covering up other stuff too . '' 
 like why we ca n't talk about the night ali died ever again , she almost added . 
 andrew wrinkled his nose . 
 `` why do n't you just talk to her about it ? '' 
 spencer picked an imaginary piece of lint off her lilac cashmere sweater . 
 `` because it seems off-limits . '' 
 andrew sat back down . 
 `` look . 
 the last time you suspected something about your family , you snuck around behind their backs trying to figure out the truth ... and you just got burned in the end . 
 whatever it is , just be open about it . 
 otherwise you might end up assuming the wrong thing . '' 
 spencer nodded . 
 andrew kissed her , slipped on his old , battered wingtips , slid into his wool duffel coat , and went out the door . 
 she watched him walk down the path , then sighed . 
 maybe he was right . 
 sneaking around would n't do her any good . 
 she was on the second riser of the stairs when she heard whispering in the kitchen . 
 curious , she paused , pricking up her ears to listen . 
 `` you have to keep this quiet , '' her mother hissed . 
 `` it 's very important . 
 can you do that this time ? '' 
 `` yes , '' melissa answered defensively . 
 and then they banged their way through the back door . 
 spencer stood still , her ears ringing with the silence . 
 if melissa was on the outs with their mother , why were they sharing secrets ? 
 she thought again about what her mom had told her yesterday-the secret even melissa did n't know . 
 spencer still could n't wrap her mind around the idea that her mother had been a student at yale law . 
 as she listened to the garage door rumble up and the mercedes pull out of the garage , she suddenly needed tangible proof . 
 spinning around , spencer walked into her dad 's dark , cigar-stinky office . 
 the last time she 'd been in here , she 'd burned his entire computer hard drive to a cd and found the bank account that got her into the whole olivia mess . 
 scanning her dad 's bookshelves now , which contained law volumes , first-edition hemingways , and lucite plaques congratulating him for winning such-and-such a court battle , she noticed a red book tucked away in an upper corner . 
 yale law yearbook , the spine said . 
 quietly , she dragged her dad 's aeron desk chair to the bookshelf , climbed on the wobbling seat , and grabbed the book with the tips of her fingers . 
 as she cracked it open , the smell of mildewed paper wafted out . 
 an old photo fluttered out too , sliding across the freshly waxed wood floor . 
 she bent down and picked it up . 
 it was a small , square polaroid of a pregnant blond woman in front of a pretty brick building . 
 the woman 's face was blurry . 
 it was n't spencer 's mom , but there was something familiar about her . 
 she flipped the photo over . 
 written on the back was the date june 2 , almost seventeen years ago . 
 could this be olivia , spencer 's surrogate ? 
 spencer was born in april , but maybe olivia had n't lost the baby weight right away ? 
 spencer slipped the photo back into the yearbook and leafed through the portraits of first-year law students . 
 she found her father right away . 
 he looked almost identical to how he looked today , except his face was a little less weathered and his hair was thicker and longer , almost feathery . 
 taking a deep breath , she flipped forward to the m 's for macadam , her mother 's maiden name . 
 and there she was , with the same lake-straight , chin-length blond hair and broad , dazzling smile . 
 there was a faded yellow ring from a coffee cup above her picture , as if spencer 's dad had propped the book open to this page , staring longingly at her mother 's picture for hours . 
 it really was true-her mom had been a student at yale . 
 aimlessly , spencer flipped through more pages . 
 the first-year students were smiling so enthusiastically , having no idea how hard law school was going to be . 
 then , something in her brain caught . 
 she did a double take at one of the student 's names , then examined his picture . 
 a young man with light-colored hair and an eerily familiar hooked , oversize nose stared back at her . 
 ali had always said that if she 'd inherited that nose , she would have gone straight to a plastic surgeon and gotten it fixed . 
 spots swam in front of spencer 's eyes . 
 this had to be another hallucination . 
 she checked the student 's name again . 
 and once more after that . 
 kenneth dilaurentis . 
 it was ali 's father . 
 beep . 
 the book fell from her hands . 
 her cell phone vibrated from inside her cardigan pocket . 
 spencer stared out the windows of her father 's office , suddenly feeling like someone was watching her . 
 had she just heard a giggle ? 
 was that a person darting behind the fence ? 
 her heart pounded as she opened her phone . 
 think that 's crazy ? 
 now take another spin through your dad 's hard drive ... starting with j . 
 you wo n't believe what you find.-a chapter 16 it 's the queen bee 's knees hanna and iris sat at a round table in the preserve at addison-stevens ' cafe , with steaming lattes , homemade organic yogurt , and fresh fruit cups in front of them . 
 they definitely had the best table in the place-not only was it the farthest one from the nurses ' station , but it also gave them a prime view out the window of the hot groundskeeper , who was vigorously shoveling snow off the drive in a tight , long-sleeved thermal tee . 
 iris nudged hanna . 
 `` omigod . 
 tara 's going to eat a pooberry ! '' 
 hanna swiveled her head . 
 tara , who was sitting with alexis and ruby at the same table they 'd sat at when hanna had joined them for dinner two night ago , had just popped a blueberry into her mouth . 
 `` ewwww , '' hanna and iris exclaimed in unison . 
 for whatever reason , blueberries here were called pooberries . 
 it was a huge faux pas to eat them . 
 tara stopped and smiled hopefully at them . 
 `` hi , hanna ! 
 what 's ew ? '' 
 `` you . '' 
 iris smirked . 
 tara 's smile evaporated . 
 a bloom of red crept into her chubby cheeks . 
 her eyes moved to hanna , an acrid , vengeful look on her face . 
 hanna turned away haughtily , pretending she did n't notice . 
 then iris stood up and tossed her yogurt in the trash . 
 `` c'mon , han . 
 i have something to show you . '' 
 she grabbed hanna 's arm . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 tara whined , but both girls ignored her . 
 iris snorted as they exited the cafeteria and walked down the long corridor toward the patient rooms . 
 `` did you see her shoes ? 
 she claims they 're tory burch , but they look more like payless . '' 
 hanna snickered and then felt a tiny twinge of guilt-tara had been the first girl to speak to her . 
 but whatever . 
 it was n't hanna 's fault tara was so clueless . 
 and besides , hanging out with iris had made hanna 's stay at the preserve at addison-stevens-or the preserve , as everyone here called it-fabulous . 
 she 'd shown hanna the gym and the spa , and last night , they 'd stolen cleansers , toners , and milk masks from a spa treatment room and given each other facials . 
 hanna had awoken this morning atop 1,000-thread-count sheets , well rested for the first time in what seemed like years , and her legs already looked thinner from the organic fruits and veggies she 'd been eating . 
 hanna and iris had bonded instantly , spending hours in their shared bedroom talking . 
 iris had admitted point-blank that she was at the preserve for an eating disorder - `` the only acceptable reason to be here , '' she added . 
 hanna had quickly said that she was here for eating issues , too-which was kind of the truth . 
 the first time iris was sent to the preserve for treatment was when she was in seventh grade , she said . 
 she 'd gone a whole week without eating . 
 she 'd gotten out just in time for summer vacation-right around when ali went missing , hanna could n't help but note to herself-but iris 's mom forced her back in by the beginning of october when her weight dropped low again . 
 the preserve was n't the only hospital iris had been to , but she said she liked it here the best . 
 just knowing iris had eating issues made hanna less self-conscious about her own . 
 safe in their room , she did n't struggle to hide the food journal she 'd kept since the summer after seventh grade , a record of all the calories she ate in a day . 
 nor did she freak out when iris caught her struggling into her jeans from eighth grade , which she 'd brought along for the express purpose to gauge whether she was gaining or losing weight . 
 as it turned out , iris had an old pair of skinny jeans in her closet too . 
 whatever a intended by sending hanna here , it was having the opposite effect . 
 which had led hanna to a new theory : maybe a was on hanna 's side . 
 maybe a had sent her here to get her away from the chaos of rosewood , to keep her safe from whoever had set that fire . 
 now hanna followed iris down the saffron yellow hall to a small door marked emergency exit . 
 iris wiggled her eyebrows , put her finger to her lips , then punched numbers into a small keypad located just to the left of the knob . 
 the bolt released and the door opened . 
 at the top of a set of metal stairs was a small , cozy room , just big enough for two comfy chairs . 
 graffiti covered the four walls , amazing murals of people 's faces , big , spindly trees , a couple of cartoonish owls , and tons ofscribbled messages and names . 
 there was also a big stack of contraband people and us weekly magazines on the windowsill . 
 `` wow , '' hanna breathed . 
 `` this is my secret hiding spot , '' iris said , throwing her arms open as if to say taa-daah ! 
 `` i 'm the only one here right now who knows the combo to get in . 
 most of the staff do n't even know it , and those who do just let me do whatever i want . '' 
 she held up a copy of people . 
 angelina jolie was on the cover , as usual . 
 `` i 've got someone who sneaks these in for me . 
 i 'm totally addicted . 
 i 've got a bunch in the drawer of my nightstand , too . 
 you can read them , as long as you keep quiet about it . '' 
 `` absolutely , '' hanna said , grinning . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 iris gestured at the drawings on the walls . 
 `` they 're all by former patients . 
 is n't it awesome ? '' 
 hanna nodded , though she also felt eerie shivers as she looked at all the names . 
 eileen . 
 stef . 
 jenny . 
 why had they been here ? 
 what had they suffered from-an eating disorder or add , the milder reasons for coming to the preserve , or something much scarier ? 
 ali 's brother , jason , had apparently spent time in a hospital like this back in high school . 
 his name had been all over that ledger emily found in the office at the radley party . 
 it was weird that ali had never shared that secret with any of them . 
 there was only one memory hanna could recall where ali might have hinted at jason 's mental problems . 
 at the beginning of seventh grade , hanna and ali were hanging out alone on a sunday afternoon , trying to pick out their outfits for the next day . 
 as ali was slipping out of a pair of citizens corduroys , the phone rang . 
 ali picked it up and was silent . 
 her mouth got very small , and her face paled a shade . 
 hanna heard screechy , spooky laughter through the receiver . 
 `` for the last time , stop it , loser ! '' 
 ali screamed , and hung up . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 hanna whispered . 
 `` just my stupid brother , '' ali mumbled into her chest . 
 and then she dropped it . 
 but now , hanna was pretty sure jason had been calling from the radley-the logbooks emily found said he checked in for a few hours on the weekends . 
 maybe he 'd called ali from there to scare her . 
 jerk . 
 iris settled on one of the chairs , and hanna plopped down on the other . 
 silently , they both stared at the doodles and names . 
 helena . 
 becky . 
 lindsay . 
 `` i wonder where they all are now , '' hanna said softly . 
 `` who knows , '' iris answered , finger-combing her white-blond hair . 
 `` though i heard a rumor about this one patient who was supposed to check in for , like , two weeks , but her parents forgot about her . 
 she still lives here ... in the basement . '' 
 hanna snorted . 
 `` that 's so not true . '' 
 `` yeah , probably not . 
 but you never know . '' 
 iris reached under the cushion and pulled out a small disposable camera wrapped in green paper . 
 `` i smuggled this in from the outside , too . 
 want to get a picture of us together ? '' 
 hanna hesitated-the last thing she wanted was proof that she 'd been in a mental hospital . 
 `` it 's not like you 'll be able to get it developed , '' she said warily . 
 `` i want to send the camera to my dad . '' 
 iris lowered her eyes . 
 `` not that he opens my letters . '' 
 her bottom lip started to tremble . 
 `` we used to be really close , but then he took this high-stress job as the dean of medicine at some stupid hospital . 
 he has no time for me anymore . 
 and now that i 'm here ... '' she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't exist for him . '' 
 `` my dad 's the same , '' hanna gasped , amazed they had this in common , too . 
 `` i used to talk to him about everything , but then he moved away and got this new girlfriend , isabel . 
 now they 're living in my house-with isabel 's perfect daughter , kate . '' 
 she curled her toes . 
 `` kate can do absolutely nothing wrong . 
 my dad 's totally obsessed with her . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe your dad would like someone better than you . '' 
 iris sounded appalled . 
 `` thanks , '' hanna said gratefully , staring out the little attic window at the empty tennis courts behind the facility . 
 for a long time , she 'd reasoned that her dad no longer loved her as much because she was n't pretty and perfect . 
 but iris was perfect ... and her dad still treated her like shit . 
 maybe daughters were n't the problem-maybe fathers were . 
 fueled with fury , she plucked the camera from iris 's hand and held it outstretched between the two of them . 
 `` let 's give all the sucky dads in the world the finger . '' 
 `` totally , '' iris said , and at the count of three , both of them squished their faces close and raised their middle fingers . 
 hanna pressed the button . 
 `` awesome , '' iris said , advancing the film and slipping the camera back into her bag . 
 hanna slid down the arm so that she and iris shared the chair . 
 they were both skinny enough to fit . 
 the room smelled a little like cinnamon and sun-baked wood . 
 `` how 'd you find out about this place , anyway ? '' 
 `` courtney gave me the code , '' iris said , kicking off her navy studded maloles ballet flats . 
 hanna picked at her thumbnail . 
 the only slightly annoying thing about iris was that she talked nonstop about her old roommate , courtney , who apparently used to be the grand dame of the preserve . 
 in the past day , iris had told twelve separate stories about this courtney bitch-not that hanna had been counting or anything . 
 `` so when did courtney leave ? '' 
 hanna asked as nonchalantly as she could . 
 one corner of iris 's mouth turned down . 
 `` november , i think ? 
 i ca n't remember . '' 
 she reached into the metal cup and pulled out a blue magic marker . 
 `` so what happened to her ? 
 is she normal now ? '' 
 iris uncapped the marker and began doodling on the wall . 
 `` who knows ? 
 i have n't talked to her since she left . '' 
 hanna felt a dart of triumph . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 iris shrugged , absently scribbling . 
 `` she lied about why she was in here . 
 she said it was because of mild depression , but it turned out she had way bigger issues . 
 i only found out afterward . 
 she was as messed up as all the other patients here . '' 
 the wind creaked against the windowpanes . 
 hanna faked a cough , hiding her guilty expression . 
 it was n't like she 'd been particularly forthcoming with iris about why she was in here , either-she had n't told her a thing about ali , a , or mona . 
 iris pulled the magic marker away , revealing what she 'd drawn on the wall . 
 it was an old-fashioned wishing well , complete with an a-frame roof and a crank . 
 hanna blinked hard , stunned . 
 little prickles danced up her arms . 
 the wishing well was eerily familiar ... and definitely not a coincidence . 
 `` why did you draw that ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 iris paused for a moment , looking caught . 
 she nervously twisted the cap back on the marker . 
 hanna 's heart raced faster and faster . 
 finally , iris pointed at hanna 's purse . 
 `` your bag was open on the bureau today . 
 i did n't mean to peek inside , but that shirt thing was sitting right on top . 
 what is it , anyway ? '' 
 hanna stared at her purse and let out a breath . 
 of course-she 'd been carrying around ali 's time capsule flag like it was the hope diamond , never letting it out of her sight . 
 she touched the fabric with her fingertips . 
 sure enough , the drawing of the wishing well was on top , clearly visible . 
 next to it was a strange symbol hanna could n't decipher-it looked like a letter in a circle with a slash through it , like a no parking sign . 
 instead of the letter p , there was a smudged i. . . 
 or a j. maybe for jason . 
 no jason allowed . 
 a shiver rippled through her . 
 every time she looked at ali 's flag , it felt like ali 's presence was close , watching . 
 for a moment , she almost thought she could detect a faint whiff of ali 's favorite vanilla soap . 
 hanna felt iris 's eyes on her , waiting for an answer . 
 do n't tell her , a voice in her head said . 
 if you tell her the truth , she 'll thinkyou 're a wacko . 
 `` it 's for this game we do at school , '' she heard herself say nonchalantly . 
 `` i 'm keeping it for my friend , alison . '' 
 she zipped up her bag and squished it under the seat . 
 iris checked her movado watch and groaned . 
 `` shit . 
 i have therapy now . 
 so boring . '' 
 she uncrossed her legs and stood . 
 hanna stood too . 
 both girls clomped down the stairs , through the secret door , and parted ways . 
 hanna 's nerves still felt jangled from the wishing well drawing . 
 she felt like she needed to pop a valium and lie down . 
 if only she could call mike : she longed to hear his voice , even his lascivious remarks . 
 the no-phone-calls rule they had in this place blew . 
 she was unlocking the door to her bedroom when someone behind her coughed . 
 tara was jiggling up and down , running her tongue disgustingly over her braces . 
 `` oh . '' 
 hanna 's heart sank . 
 `` hi . '' 
 tara placed her hands on her meaty hips . 
 `` so you and iris are roommates ? '' 
 she lisped . 
 `` yeah , '' hanna said in a duh voice . 
 tara had been with hanna when iris introduced herself . 
 and both their names were written on the door in shiny gold ink . 
 `` so you know about her , right ? '' 
 hanna turned the lock and heard the bolt release . 
 `` what 's there to know ? '' 
 tara pushed her hands in the pockets of her terry-cloth hoodie . 
 `` iris is certifiably insane . 
 that 's why she 's here . 
 so do n't do anything to piss her off . 
 i 'm telling you this as a friend . '' 
 hanna studied tara for a moment . 
 her skin felt hot , then cold . 
 she whipped the door open . 
 `` tara , we 're not friends . '' 
 she slammed the door in tara 's face . 
 once inside , she shook the tension out of her hands . 
 `` your funeral , '' she heard tara say through the door . 
 she watched tara through the peephole as she walked away . 
 suddenly , hanna realized why she 'd been repulsed by tara from the very start . 
 tara had the same stubby round body , hideous braces , and dull brown hair as hanna did before her makeover in eighth grade . 
 it was like looking at her former self , back when she was miserable and unpopular and lost . 
 before she was beautiful . 
 before she was someone . 
 hanna sat down on the bed and pressed her fingers to her temples . 
 if tara was anything like the old hanna inside , it was obvious why she 'd said that about iris-and why hanna should n't believe a word of it . 
 tara was insanely , voraciously jealous-just like hanna had been of ali . 
 staring at her frazzled reflection in the mirror across the room , she conjured up the old catchphrase ali used to use all the time , the one hanna had adopted herself after ali disappeared . 
 i 'm hanna , and i 'm fabulous . 
 her days of being like tara were long gone . 
 chapter 17 just another kegger at the kahns ' by the time aria and mike pulled up to the kahns ' monstrosity of a house on thursday night , there were already tons of cars parked in the driveway and on the lawn . 
 music thumped from inside the house , and aria heard a splash from the hot tub out back . 
 `` sweet , '' mike said , leaping out the passenger door . 
 in a blink , he had run halfway around the side of the house toward the backyard . 
 aria glowered . 
 so much for an escort . 
 aria got out of the car and joined a knot of thin , pretty girls from the quaker prep school making their way to noel 's door . 
 each girl was blonder than the last . 
 they were wearing matching fur-trimmed hats that probably cost more than aria 's entire outfit . 
 aria felt shabby and weird next to them in her deep green mohair sweater dress , gray suede boots , and leg warmers . 
 the girls jostled on the porch , each trying desperately to be the first one through the door , bumping into aria as if she was n't even there . 
 just as aria was about to turn and run back to her car , noel flung open the door , dressed in a plain black t-shirt and black swim trunks . 
 `` you 're here ! '' 
 he whooped to aria and only aria , ignoring the other girls . 
 `` are you ready for the hot tub ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' aria answered shyly . 
 at the last minute , she 'd thrown a bikini in her bag , but she had n't decided whether she 'd wear it . 
 she still did n't even know what she was doing here . 
 this was n't exactly her group . 
 noel scowled . 
 `` it 's a hot tub party . 
 you 're going in . '' 
 aria giggled , trying to relax . 
 but then mason byers grabbed noel 's arm and asked where the bottle opener was . 
 naomi zeigler waltzed over and said that a skanky drunk girl was throwing up in the powder room . 
 aria sighed , deflated . 
 it was a typical kahn party-what did she expect ? 
 that just because she and noel had shared something special yesterday , he 'd cancel the kegger and instead host a sophisticated wine-and-cheese event ? 
 as if sensing her annoyance , noel glanced over his shoulder at aria and held up a single finger . 
 be back in a sec , he mouthed . 
 aria wandered past the double staircase and the legendary marble lions that mr. kahn had allegedly procured from an egyptian pharaoh 's tomb . 
 to her right was the living room , stuffed full ofauthentic o'keeffes and jasper johnses . 
 she walked into the gigantic stainless-steel kitchen . 
 kids were everywhere . 
 devon arliss was mixing drinks in a blender . 
 kate randall was parading around the room in a skimpy missoni bikini . 
 jenna cavanaugh was leaning against the window , whispering in emily 's ex-girlfriend 's ear . 
 aria stopped , backtracking . 
 jenna cavanaugh ? 
 no one had bothered to tell jenna that her service dog was lapping up a puddle of beer on the floor , or that someone had fastened a black lacy bra around the dog 's neck , its padded cups hanging down like a bow tie . 
 suddenly aria was desperate to know what jenna and jason had been fighting about in her house last week , when emily had seen them through the window . 
 aria had been ali 's best friend , but jenna seemed to know much more about ali 's family than aria did-including ali 's alleged `` sibling problems '' with jason . 
 aria nudged through the crowd , but then more kids filed into the kitchen , blocking her way . 
 by the time aria could see the window again , jenna and maya had disappeared . 
 a bunch of guys on the rosewood day swim team came up behind aria and grabbed some beer from the cooler under the table . 
 aria felt a tug on her arm . 
 when she turned , she saw a bleached-blond girl with flawless skin and big boobs staring at her . 
 she was one of the quaker school girls aria had stood next to on the front porch . 
 `` you 're aria montgomery , right ? '' 
 the girl said . 
 aria nodded , and the girl gave her a knowing smirk . 
 `` pretty little liar , '' she chanted . 
 a skinny brunette in a fuchsia silk dress sidled up too . 
 `` have you seen alison today ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` do you see her right now ? 
 is she standing right next to you ? '' 
 she wiggled her fingers in front of her face spookily . 
 aria took a step back , bumping into the round kitchen table . 
 the jeers continued . 
 `` i see dead people , '' mason byers said in falsetto , leaning against the counter near the pot rack . 
 `` she just likes the attention , '' naomi zeigler scoffed from the sliding glass door . 
 beyond that was the kahns ' patio . 
 steam rose from the hot tub . 
 aria caught sight of mike way at the edge of the lawn , horsing around with james freed . 
 `` she probably just wants to be on the news , '' riley wolfe added , perched on a stool near the veggies and dip . 
 `` that 's not true ! '' 
 aria protested . 
 more kids entered the room , staring aria down : their eyes were derisive and hateful . 
 aria looked right and left , eager to escape , but she was pinned against the kitchen table , barely able to move . 
 then someone grabbed her left wrist . 
 `` c'mon , '' noel said . 
 he pulled her through the crowd . 
 kids parted immediately . 
 `` are you kicking her out ? '' 
 a boy on the baseball team whose name aria never remembered crowed . 
 `` you should turn her in ! '' 
 seth cardiff encouraged . 
 `` no , he should n't , idiot , '' mason byers 's voice rose above the din . 
 `` this party is a cop-free zone . '' 
 noel dragged aria up to the second floor . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he said , nudging open a dark bedroom that had an enormous oil painting of mrs. kahn on the wall . 
 the room smelled overpoweringly like mothballs . 
 `` you do n't need to be in the middle of that . '' 
 aria sat down on the bed , tears streaming down her cheeks . 
 what had she been thinking , coming here ? 
 noel settled next to her , offering aria a kleenex and his gin and tonic . 
 she shook her head . 
 downstairs , someone turned up the stereo . 
 a girl shrieked . 
 noel rested his glass on his knee . 
 aria glanced at his sloped nose , his bushy eyebrows , his long eyelashes . 
 it felt comforting , sitting here in the dark next to him . 
 `` i 'm not doing this for attention , '' she blubbered . 
 noel turned to her . 
 `` i know . 
 people are idiots . 
 they have nothing better to do than gossip . '' 
 she flopped back on the pillow . 
 noel settled next to her . 
 their fingers lightly touched . 
 aria felt her heart begin to pound . 
 `` i have something to tell you , '' noel said . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 aria squeaked . 
 her throat suddenly felt dry . 
 it was a long time before noel spoke again . 
 trembling with anticipation , aria tried to calm down by watching the rotating ceiling fan above their heads . 
 `` i found another medium , '' noel finally admitted . 
 all the air slowly drained from aria 's body . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` and this one 's supposedly really good . 
 she , like , becomes the person you 're trying to contact . 
 all she needs is to be at the spot where the person died , and then ... '' noel waved his hands in the air , indicating a magical transformation . 
 `` but we do n't have to do it if you do n't want to . 
 like i said , going to the cemetery and just talking also really helps too . 
 it 's peaceful . '' 
 aria laced her hands over her belly . 
 `` but going to the cemetery is n't going to give me answers . 
 it 's not like ali 's going to talk back . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 noel set his drink on the side table , pulled out his cell phone , and scrolled through his contacts . 
 `` how about i call the medium and tell her we can meet tomorrow night ? 
 i could pick you up and we could drive to ali 's old backyard together . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 aria sat up , the bedsprings squeaking . 
 `` ali 's ... backyard ? '' 
 noel nodded . 
 `` we have to go where the person died . 
 that 's how it works . '' 
 aria 's hands tingled and it felt like the temperature in the room had dropped at least ten degrees . 
 the idea of standing over the half-dug hole where ali had been found chilled aria to the bone . 
 did she really want to speak to ali 's ghost that badly ? 
 yet a nagging feeling tugged at her . 
 deep down , she felt like ali really did have something important to say , and it was aria 's responsibility to listen . 
 `` okay . '' 
 aria gazed out the window at the fingernail-shaped moon above the trees . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 she pulled her knees in so that she was sitting cross-legged . 
 `` thanks for helping me with this . 
 and for getting me out of that mess downstairs . 
 and ... '' she took a deep breath . 
 `` thanks for being so nice to me in general . '' 
 noel gave her a crazy look . 
 `` why would n't i be nice to you ? '' 
 `` because ... '' aria trailed off . 
 because you 're a typical rosewood boy , she was about to say , but she stopped . 
 she did n't really know what that meant anymore . 
 they were silent for what seemed like hours . 
 not able to stand the tension any longer , she leaned over and kissed him . 
 his skin smelled like chlorine from the hot tub , and his mouth tasted like gin . 
 aria shut her eyes , forgetting momentarily where she was . 
 when she opened them , noel was there , smiling at her , like he 'd been waiting for her to do that for years . 
 chapter 18 an affair to forget friday morning , spencer sat at the kitchen table , slicing an apple over a bowl of steaming oatmeal . 
 the yard workers had started early this morning , dragging more burnt timber out of the woods and loading it into a long green dumpster . 
 a police photographer was standing near the barn , taking pictures with a high-tech digital camera . 
 the phone rang . 
 when spencer picked up the kitchen extension , a woman 's voice screeched in her ear . 
 `` is this miss hastings ? '' 
 `` uh , '' spencer stammered , caught off guard . 
 the woman spoke in rapid staccato . 
 `` my name is anna nichols . 
 i 'm a reporter with msnbc . 
 would you like to give a comment about what you saw in the woods last week ? '' 
 spencer 's muscles tensed . 
 `` no . 
 please , just leave me alone . '' 
 `` can you confirm an unverified report that you actually wanted to be the leader of the clique ? 
 maybe your frustration with ms. dilaurentis got the best of you and you accidentally ... did something . 
 it happens to all of us . '' 
 spencer squeezed the phone so hard that she accidentally hit a bunch of digits . 
 they beeped in her ears . 
 `` what are you implying ? '' 
 `` nothing , nothing ! '' 
 the reporter paused to murmur something to someone on her end . 
 spencer slammed the phone down , shaking . 
 she was so overcome , the only thing she could do for the next few minutes was stare at the blinking red numbers on the microwave across the room . 
 why was she still getting phone calls ? 
 and why were the reporters digging around to see if she could have had anything to do with ali 's death ? 
 ali was her best friend . 
 and what about ian ? 
 did n't the cops still think he was guilty ? 
 or the person who 'd tried to roast them alive in the woods ? 
 how could the public not realize they were all victims in this , the same as ali ? 
 a door slammed , and spencer shot up from her slumped position against the wall . 
 she heard voices in the laundry room and stood very still , listening . 
 `` it would be better if you did n't tell her , '' mrs. hastings was saying . 
 `` but , mom , '' melissa whispered back , `` i think she already knows . '' 
 the door flung open , and spencer shot back to the kitchen island , feigning obliviousness . 
 her mother paraded in from her morning walk , holding both the family 's labradoodles on a split leash . 
 then spencer heard the laundry room door bang and saw melissa storming around the side of the house toward the driveway . 
 mrs. hastings unhooked the dogs and set the leash on the island . 
 `` hi , spence ! '' 
 she said in a voice that was way too chipper , as if she was working hard to seem nonchalant and unbothered . 
 `` come see the purse i bought at the mall last night . 
 kate spade 's spring line is gorgeous . '' 
 spencer could n't answer . 
 her limbs quivered , and her stomach felt sliced to ribbons . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she said shakily . 
 `` what were you and melissa whispering about ? '' 
 mrs. hastings turned quickly to the coffeemaker and poured herself a cup . 
 `` oh , nothing important . 
 just stuff about melissa 's town house . '' 
 the phone rang again , but spencer made no motion to get it . 
 her mom glanced at the phone , then at spencer , but did n't answer it either . 
 after the answering machine picked up , she touched spencer 's shoulder . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 tons of words felt choked in spencer 's throat . 
 `` thanks , mom . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to talk about it ? '' 
 a worried line formed between mrs. hastings 's perfectly waxed brows . 
 spencer turned away . 
 there was so much she wanted to talk about with her mom , but all of it seemed taboo . 
 why had her parents never told her that her dad and ali 's dad went to yale law school together ? 
 did it have something to do with why mrs. hastings did n't like ali ? 
 the whole time ali 's family lived here , the families maintained a cool distance , behaving like strangers . 
 in fact , in third grade , when spencer giddily announced that a girl her age had moved in next door and asked if she could go over there and meet her , spencer 's dad caught her arm and said , `` we should give them some space . 
 let them settle in . '' 
 then , when ali chose spencer as her new bff , her parents seemed ... well , not upset , exactly , but mrs. hastings had n't encouraged spencer to invite ali over for dinner , like she usually did with new friends . 
 at the time , spencer had thought her parents were just jealous-she thought everyone was jealous of ali 's attention , even adults . 
 but apparently , spencer 's mom had thought her friendship with ali was unhealthy . 
 ali must not have known about their dads going to yale law together , either-if she had , she definitely would have brought it up . 
 she did , though , make a lot of cutting remarks about spencer 's parents . 
 my parents think your parents are so showy . 
 do you guys seriously need another addition on your house ? 
 and toward the end of their friendship , she asked spencer a lot of questions about her father , her voice dripping with disdain . 
 why does your dad wear those g * y tight clothes when he goes on bike rides ? 
 why does your dad still call his mother `` nana '' ? 
 ew ! 
 `` they 'll never be invited to my parents ' gazebo parties , '' ali had said just days before she disappeared . 
 the way things had been going between them , ali might as well have tacked on , and neither will you . 
 spencer wanted to ask her mom why the families pretended not to know each other . 
 think that 's crazy ? 
 a 's note had said . 
 now take another spin through your dad 's hard drive ... starting with j . 
 her hands started to tremble . 
 but what if a was bullshitting her ? 
 things were finally going well with her mom . 
 andrew was right . 
 why rock the boat before she had all the information ? 
 `` i 'll be back , '' she murmured to her mom . 
 `` okay , but come back down so i can show you what i bought ! '' 
 mrs. hastings chirped . 
 the second floor smelled like fantastik and lavender hand soap from the hall bathroom . 
 spencer pushed open the door to her bedroom and snapped the on switch to the brand-new macbook pro her parents had just bought her ; her old computer had died the week before and melissa 's loaner had been destroyed in the fire . 
 then she inserted the cd that held her dad 's entire hard drive-she 'd secretly copied it to a disk when she was trying to find out whether or not she was adopted . 
 the computer beeped and whirred . 
 out the window , the morning sky was a dull gray . 
 spencer could just see the tip of the charred windmill and the dilapidated barn . 
 she swung her gaze to the front of the house . 
 the plumbing trucks were outside the cavanaugh house again . 
 a skinny blond guy wearing a dingy , faded jumpsuit ambled out the cavanaughs ' door and lit a cigarette . 
 jenna cavanaugh was walking out of the house at the exact same time . 
 the plumber watched jenna as she and her guide dog slowly made their way to mrs. cavanaugh 's lexus . 
 as he reached to scratch his lip , spencer noticed he had a gold front tooth . 
 her computer beeped , and spencer turned back to the screen . 
 the cd had loaded . 
 she clicked on the folder marked dad . 
 sure enough , there was a folder called j. inside were two untitled word documents . 
 the chair creaked as she sat back . 
 did she really need to open these ? 
 did she really need to know ? 
 downstairs , she heard the kitchenaid mixer start to whir . 
 a siren whooped . 
 spencer massaged her temples . 
 but what if the secret had something to do with ali ? 
 the temptation too great , spencer clicked on the first file . 
 it opened quickly , and spencer leaned forward , too anxious to take a full breath . 
 dear jessica , i 'm sorry things got cut short at your house tonight . 
 i can give you all the time you need , but i ca n't wait to be alone with you again . 
 much love , peter spencer felt sick . 
 jessica ? 
 why was her dad writing to someone named jessica , telling her that he wanted to be with her ? 
 she clicked on the next document . 
 it was another letter . 
 dear jessica , it said again . 
 per our discussion , i think i can help . 
 please take this . 
 xx , peter below was a screen grab of a bank wire transfer . 
 a row of zeroes swam before spencer 's eyes . 
 it was a huge sum , much more than had been in spencer 's college savings account . 
 then she spied the account names in the bottom corner of the document . 
 the wire had come from a credit line belonging to peter hastings , and it had gone into an account called the alison dilaurentis recovery fund . 
 the beneficiary collecting the funds was jessica dilaurentis . 
 jessica dilaurentis . 
 of course . 
 ali 's mom . 
 spencer stared at the screen for a long time . 
 dear jessica . 
 much love . 
 xx . 
 all that money . 
 the alison dilaurentis recovery fund . 
 she cycled back to the first letter again . 
 i 'm sorry things got cut short tonight . 
 i ca n't wait to be alone with you again . 
 she right-clicked on the document to check when it was last modified . 
 the date read : june 20 , three and a half years ago . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 there was a lot about that sticky , awful summer that spencer had tried her hardest to forget , but she would always , always remember june 20 for as long as she lived . 
 it was the day seventh grade ended . 
 the night of their seventh-grade sleepover . 
 the night ali died . 
 chapter 19 secrets do n't stay buried for long lucy tucked the final corner of the top sheet under the bed mattress and stood up straight . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yep , '' emily said sadly . 
 it was friday morning , and she was about to leave to catch her bus back to rosewood . 
 lucy was walking emily only to the highway , not the bus station . 
 though it was acceptable for amish people to ride buses , emily did n't want lucy to know she was going to philadelphia and not ohio , where she said she was from . 
 after everything lucy had entrusted her with , emily did n't want to admit that she was n't really amish . 
 then again , part of her wondered if lucy had already guessed and just was n't asking . 
 maybe it was better just not to broach the subject at all . 
 emily took a final look around the house . 
 she 'd already said good-bye to lucy 's parents , who asked her countless times if she could n't stay one more day for the wedding . 
 she 'd petted the cows and horses one last time , realizing she 'd miss them . 
 she 'd miss other things about here , too-the quiet nights , the smell of freshly made cheese , the random moos from the cows . 
 and everyone in this community smiled and said hello to her , even though she was a stranger . 
 that did n't happen in rosewood . 
 emily and lucy pushed out the door , shivering in the sudden , bracing cold . 
 the smell of freshly baked loaves of bread was in the air , all for the wedding celebration that would take place tomorrow . 
 it seemed like every amish family in the community was preparing for the wedding . 
 men were brushing the horses for the procession . 
 women were hanging flowers on mary 's family 's door , and obedient amish children were clearing litter from the surrounding farmyard . 
 lucy whistled under her breath , her arms swinging loosely at her sides . 
 since their conversation about leah , lucy had seemed much lighter , like a huge camping backpack had been lifted off her shoulders . 
 emily , on the other hand , felt leaden and weak , as if the hope that ali was alive had kept her energetic all this time . 
 they passed the church , a squat , nondescript building without any religious symbols on it whatsoever . 
 a few horses were tied to posts , their snorting breath visible in the frosty air . 
 the graveyard was in the back of the church , cordoned off by a wrought-iron gate . 
 then lucy stopped , considering . 
 `` do you mind if we stop in there for a sec ? '' 
 she fiddled nervously with her wool gloves . 
 `` i want to see leah , i think . '' 
 emily checked her watch . 
 her bus was n't for another hour . 
 `` sure . '' 
 the gate squeaked as lucy pushed it open . 
 their shoes swished against the dead , dry grass . 
 lined up were gray , simple graves for babies , old men , and an entire family named stevenson . 
 emily squeezed her eyes shut , trying to let reality sink in . 
 all of these people were dead ... and so was ali . 
 ali is dead . 
 emily tried to let it fill her body . 
 she thought not about the horrible parts of ali 's death , like her heart beating for the last time , her lungs filling with their very last breath , her bones turning to dust . 
 instead , she thought about ali 's thrilling , decadent afterlife . 
 it was probably filled with beautiful beaches , perfect , cloudless days , and shrimp cocktail and red velvet cake-ali 's favorite foods . 
 every guy there had a crush on her and every girl wanted to be her , even princess diana and audrey hepburn . 
 she was still fabulous alison dilaurentis , ruling heaven just as she ruled earth . 
 `` i 'll miss you so much , ali , '' emily mouthed quietly , the wind carrying the words away . 
 she took a few deep breaths , waiting to see if she felt any different , any cleaner . 
 but her heart still thrummed and her head continued to ache . 
 it felt like a vital , special part of her had been ripped clean out . 
 she opened her eyes and saw lucy staring at her from a few rows over . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 emily struggled to nod , stepping around a few crooked headstones . 
 dry weeds jutted haphazardly around many of them . 
 `` is that leah 's grave ? '' 
 `` yes , '' lucy said , running her fingers along the top of the stone . 
 emily walked over , and looked down . 
 leah 's gravestone was gray marble , the inscription plain . 
 leah zook . 
 emily blinked at the dates on the stone . 
 leah had died june 19 , almost four years ago . 
 whoa . 
 ali had gone missing the very next day , on june 20 . 
 then , emily noticed an eight-pointed star above leah 's name . 
 a spark ignited in her brain ; she 'd seen that pattern recently . 
 `` what 's that for ? '' 
 she pointed at it . 
 lucy 's face clouded . 
 `` my parents really wanted it on the headstone . 
 it 's the symbol of our community . 
 but i did n't want it there . 
 it reminds me of him . '' 
 a crow landed on one of the headstones , flapping its inky wings . 
 the wind gusted , making the cemetery gate hinges creak . 
 `` who 's ` him ' ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 lucy looked off in the distance at a lone , spindly tree in the middle of the field . 
 `` leah 's boyfriend . '' 
 `` th-the one she used to fight with ? '' 
 emily stammered . 
 the crow lifted from the tree and flapped away . 
 `` the one you did n't like ? '' 
 lucy nodded . 
 `` when he left on rumspringa , he got a tattoo of that on his arm . '' 
 emily stared hard at the headstone , a horrible thought congealing in her mind . 
 she looked again at the date on leah 's headstone . 
 june 19 . 
 the day before ali went missing , the very same year . 
 all at once , a memory unfurled before her , exact and clear , of a man sitting in a hospital room , his sleeves rolled up to his elbows , the overhead lights bright and hot . 
 there was that star tattoo , black and obvious on the inside of his wrist . 
 there was a connection here . 
 there was a reason a had sent emily to lancaster . 
 because someone had been here before her . 
 someone she knew . 
 she raised her eyes to lucy and gripped her shoulders . 
 `` what was your sister 's boyfriend 's name ? '' 
 she asked urgently . 
 lucy took a deep breath , as if mustering up the strength to say a name she had n't dared in a long , long time . 
 `` his name was darren wilden . '' 
 chapter 20 minefields , indeed hanna stood at the bathroom mirror , slathering on another coat of bliss lip gloss and fluffing her auburn hair with a round brush . 
 after a moment , iris breezed in beside her , shooting hanna a smile . 
 `` hey , bitch , '' she said . 
 `` what up , ho ? '' 
 hanna said in return . 
 it had become their morning routine . 
 even though they 'd stayed up almost all night , writing love letters to mike and oliver , iris 's boyfriend from home , and picking apart stars ' bodies in the pages of people , neither of them looked too much the worse for wear . 
 as usual , iris 's pale blond hair hung in flawless waves down her back . 
 hanna 's eyelashes looked extra long thanks to the dior mascara she 'd borrowed from iris 's bottomless makeup stash . 
 just because it was group therapy friday did n't mean they had to look like pathetic slobs . 
 as they exited their room , tara , ruby , and alexis followed , obviously spying . 
 `` hey , hanna , can i talk to you for a sec ? '' 
 tara simpered . 
 iris whipped around . 
 `` she does n't want to talk to you . '' 
 `` ca n't hanna speak for herself ? '' 
 tara demanded . 
 `` or have you brainwashed her , too ? '' 
 they had reached the window seats that looked out onto the gardens behind the facility . 
 a few pink-patterned boxes of kleenex sat next to the window seats ; apparently , this was a prime spot for girls to sit and cry . 
 hanna sneered at tara , who was obviously seething with jealousy and rejection and was trying to pit hanna and iris against each other . 
 not that hanna believed a word of it . 
 puh-lease . 
 `` we 're trying to have a private conversation , '' hanna snapped . 
 `` no freaks allowed . '' 
 `` you ca n't get rid of us that easily , '' tara spat . 
 `` we have gt today too . '' 
 the gt room was just ahead through a large oak door . 
 hanna rolled her eyes and whirled around . 
 unfortunately , tara was right-all the girls on the floor had gt this morning . 
 hanna did n't understand gt at all . 
 private , one-on-one therapy she could handle-she 'd met with her therapist , dr. foster , again yesterday , but all they 'd talked about were the facials the preserve offered , how she 'd started dating mike montgomery just before she checked in , and the benefits of her insta-friendship with iris . 
 she had n't mentioned mona or a once , and there was no way she was going to spill any of her secrets to tara and her gang of trolls . 
 iris looked over , noticing hanna 's sullen expression . 
 `` gt is okay , '' she assured her . 
 `` just sit there and shrug . 
 or say you have your period and do n't feel like talking . '' 
 dr. roderick-or `` dr. felicia , '' as she liked everyone to call her-was the polished , chirpy , whirlwind of a woman in charge of gt . 
 now she poked her head out into the hall and grinned broadly . 
 `` come in , come in ! '' 
 she singsonged . 
 the girls filed in . 
 cushy leather chairs and ottomans were arranged in a circle in the center of the room . 
 a small fountain burbled away in the corner , and there was a large line of bottled waters and sodas on a mahogany sideboard . 
 there were more boxes of kleenex on the tables , and a big , mesh bin near the door held those foam fun noodles hanna , ali , and the others used to play with in spencer 's pool . 
 a bunch of bongo drums , wooden flutes , and tambourines were stacked on shelves in the corner . 
 were they going to start a band ? 
 after all the girls sat down , dr. felicia shut the door and sat too . 
 `` so , '' she said , cracking open an enormous leather-bound day planner . 
 `` today , after we talk about how our weeks have gone , we 're going to play minefield . '' 
 everyone made varying grunts and groans . 
 hanna looked at iris . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` it 's a trust exercise , '' iris explained , rolling her eyes . 
 `` she scatters this stuff around the room , and it 's supposed to represent bombs and landmines . 
 one person is blindfolded , and her partner leads her around the mines so she does n't get hurt . '' 
 hanna made a face . 
 this was what her dad was paying a thousand dollars a day for ? 
 dr. felicia clapped her hands to get everyone 's attention . 
 `` okay , let 's talk about how we 're doing . 
 who wants to start ? '' 
 no one spoke . 
 hanna scratched her leg , her mind on whether she would get a french manicure today or a hot oil hair treatment . 
 a slender , dark-haired girl across the room named paige chewed her fingernails . 
 dr. felicia cupped her hands around her knees , sighing wearily . 
 then her gaze locked on hanna . 
 `` hanna ! '' 
 she chirped . 
 `` welcome to the group . 
 everyone , this is hanna 's first time here . 
 let 's all make her feel safe and accepted . '' 
 hanna curled her toes inside her black proenza schouler ankle boots . 
 `` thanks , '' she mumbled into her chest . 
 the burbling fountain roared in her ears . 
 it kind of made her have to pee . 
 `` do you like it here ? '' 
 dr. felicia 's voice swooped up and down . 
 she was one of those people who never blinked but always smiled . 
 it made her seem like a deranged cheerleader on ritalin . 
 `` it 's great , '' hanna said . 
 `` really , um , fun so far . '' 
 the doctor frowned . 
 `` well , fun is good , but is there anything you 'd like to discuss with the group ? '' 
 `` not really , '' hanna snapped . 
 dr. felicia pursed her lips , looking disappointed . 
 `` hanna 's my roommate , and she seems fine , '' iris jumped in . 
 `` she and i talk tons-i think this place is doing wonders for her . 
 i mean , at least she does n't pull out her hair like ruby . '' 
 at that , everyone turned to ruby , who indeed was grasping her hair in mid-yank . 
 hanna shot iris a grateful smile , appreciative that she 'd diverted felicia 's attention elsewhere . 
 but after dr. felicia asked ruby a few questions , she turned back to hanna . 
 `` so , hanna , would you like to tell us why you 're here ? 
 you 'd be amazed at how much talking helps . '' 
 hanna jiggled her foot . 
 maybe if she sat here silent for long enough , felicia would move on to someone else . 
 then she heard someone across the room take a breath . 
 `` hanna has normal , run-of-the-mill problems , '' tara said in a high-pitched , scathing voice . 
 `` she has eating issues , like every perfect girl does . 
 her daddy does n't love her anymore , but she 's trying not to think about it . 
 and oh , she had a bitchy ex-best friend . 
 blah , blah , blah , nothing worth talking about . '' 
 satisfied , tara leaned back , crossed her arms over her chest , and shot hanna a look that said , you asked for it . 
 iris sniffed . 
 `` wow , tara , good for you . 
 you spied on us . 
 you have ears . 
 and what ugly little rat ears they are . '' 
 `` now , '' dr. felicia warned . 
 hanna did n't want to give tara the satisfaction either , but as she reviewed tara 's words , the blood drained from her face . 
 something tara had just said was very , very wrong . 
 `` h-how did you know about my best friend ? '' 
 she stammered . 
 mona 's face swam into her mind , her eyes fiery with rage as she gunned the engine of her suv . 
 tara blinked , caught off guard . 
 `` it 's obvious , '' iris jumped in acidly . 
 `` she had her ear pressed to our door all night . '' 
 hanna 's heart beat faster and faster . 
 a salt truck roared by outside . 
 the sound of its plow blade scraping against the pavement made her wince . 
 she looked at iris . 
 `` but i never said anything about my bitch ex-best friend . 
 do you remember me saying anything about her ? '' 
 iris scratched her chin . 
 `` well , no . 
 but i was tired , so maybe i 'd fallen asleep by then . '' 
 hanna ran her hand over her forehead . 
 what the hell was happening ? 
 she 'd taken an extra dose of valium last night to help her sleep ; had it made her blurt out stuff about mona ? 
 her mind felt like a dark , endless tunnel . 
 `` maybe you did n't want to talk about this friend , hanna , '' dr. felicia rushed in . 
 she rose to her feet and walked to the windows . 
 `` but sometimes our minds and bodies have a way of pushing our problems out nevertheless . '' 
 hanna glared at her . 
 `` i do n't just blurt shit out . 
 i do n't have tourette 's . 
 i 'm not a moron . '' 
 `` you do n't need to get worked up , '' dr. felicia said gently . 
 `` i 'm not getting worked up ! '' 
 hanna roared , her voice echoing off the walls . 
 felicia backed off , her eyes round . 
 a tense ripple swept through the other girls . 
 megan coughed , `` psycho , '' into her hand . 
 pinpricks danced across hanna 's skin . 
 dr. felicia returned to her chair and riffled her notebook pages . 
 `` well . 
 let 's move on . '' 
 she turned a page in her notebook . 
 `` uh ... gina . 
 have you spoken to your mom this week ? 
 how did that go ? '' 
 but as dr. felicia asked the other girls about how their weeks had been , hanna 's mind would n't quiet down . 
 it was like there was a tiny splinter in her brain that desperately needed to be dislodged . 
 when she shut her eyes , she was in the rosewood day parking lot again , mona 's car barreling toward her . 
 no , she shouted to herself . 
 she could n't go down this path , not here , not ever again . 
 she forced her eyes open . 
 the fun noodles in the corner blurred and wobbled . 
 the girls ' faces warped and stretched , like she was looking at them through a fun house mirror . 
 unable to stand it any longer , hanna pointed a shaking finger at tara . 
 `` you have to tell me how you know about mona . '' 
 silence fell . 
 tara 's pimply brow crinkled . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` did a tell you about her ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 tara shook her head slowly . 
 `` a who ? '' 
 dr. felicia stood up , crossed the room , and touched hanna 's arm . 
 `` you seem confused , honey . 
 maybe you should go back to your room and rest . '' 
 but hanna did n't move . 
 tara matched her stare for a while , then rolled her eyes and shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea who mona is . 
 i thought your bitchy best friend was alison . '' 
 hanna 's throat shunted closed . 
 she sank back into her seat . 
 iris perked up . 
 `` alison ? 
 is n't that the girl whose flag you have ? 
 why is she an ex-best friend ? '' 
 hanna barely heard her . 
 she stared at tara . 
 `` how do you know about alison ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 begrudgingly , tara reached into her grubby canvas bag . 
 `` from this . '' 
 she tossed a copy of people hanna had never seen before across the room . 
 it skidded to a stop next to hanna 's chair . 
 `` i was going to tell you about this before gt . 
 but you were too cool to talk to me . '' 
 hanna snatched the magazine and opened to a marked page . 
 splashed out across the spread was the headline a week of secrets and lies . 
 beneath it was a picture of hanna , spencer , aria , and emily , running from the fire in the woods . 
 the caption said the pretty little liars , followed by each of their names . 
 `` oh my god , '' hanna whispered . 
 then she noticed a box and a graph in the bottom right-hand corner . 
 did the pretty little liars kill alison dilaurentis ? 
 they 'd surveyed a hundred people in times square . 
 almost the whole pie-92 percent-was purple for yes . 
 `` i love your nickname , by the way , '' tara simpered , crossing her legs . 
 `` pretty little liars . 
 so cute . '' 
 everyone crowded around hanna 's chair to read . 
 she felt powerless to stop them . 
 ruby gasped . 
 a patient named julie clucked her tongue . 
 and iris-well , iris looked horrified and disgusted . 
 everyone 's opinions about hanna were changing instantaneously . 
 from now on , she would be that girl . 
 the psycho everyone thought killed her best friend four years ago . 
 dr. felicia snatched the magazine from hanna 's lap . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 she scolded tara . 
 `` you know magazines are n't allowed . '' 
 tara cowered , shy and sheepish now that she was in trouble . 
 `` iris always brags that she gets early editions of the magazine snuck in , '' she mumbled , peeling away the wrapping on her water bottle . 
 `` i just wanted to see a copy for myself . '' 
 iris rose to her feet , almost knocking over a chrome floor lamp next to her . 
 she strode over to tara . 
 `` i had that issue in my bedroom , you bitch ! 
 i had n't even read it yet ! 
 you went through my stuff ! '' 
 `` iris . '' 
 dr. felicia clapped her hands , trying to regain control . 
 a nurse peered through the little side pane in the gt door , probably trying to decide whether or not she should come to dr. felicia 's aid . 
 `` iris , you know your room is locked . 
 no patient can get in . '' 
 `` it was n't in her bedroom , '' tara cried . 
 she pointed toward the hall . 
 `` it was on the window seat near the lobby . '' 
 `` that 's impossible ! '' 
 iris screamed , whirling around and facing dr. felicia again . 
 her eyes yo-yoed from the magazine in dr. felicia 's fist to hanna 's stricken face . 
 `` and you . 
 you tried to come off as so cool , hanna . 
 but you 're just as messed up as everyone else in here . '' 
 `` pretty little liar , '' a girl across the room teased . 
 a huge lump formed in hanna 's throat . 
 now all eyes were on her again . 
 she wanted to get up and run out of the room , but it felt like her butt was stitched into the seat . 
 `` i 'm not a liar , '' she said in a small voice . 
 iris snorted , looking hanna up and down disdainfully , as if hanna had suddenly sprouted a rash of zits all over her face and arms . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` girls , stop ! '' 
 dr. felicia pulled iris by her sleeve . 
 `` and , iris and tara , you both broke the rules and you 're both in trouble . '' 
 she shoved people into her back pocket , then pulled tara to her feet , grabbed iris 's arm , and marched both girls out the door . 
 before they left , tara turned around and shot hanna a smirk . 
 `` iris , '' hanna pleaded to iris 's receding back , `` it 's not what you think ! '' 
 iris turned in the doorway , staring at hanna blankly , as if she were a stranger . 
 `` sorry , but i do n't talk to freaks . '' 
 and then she whirled around and followed felicia down the hall , leaving hanna behind . 
 chapter 21 the truth hurts a big greyhound huffed in the parking lot of the lancaster bus station , its final destination , philadelphia , emblazoned above the windshield . 
 emily tentatively climbed aboard , breathing in the smell of new upholstery and heavy-duty bathroom cleaner . 
 even though she 'd only spent a few days with lucy and her family , the bus seemed jarringly modern , almost monstrous . 
 emily had barely said a word to lucy after lucy admitted that wilden had been her dead sister 's old boyfriend . 
 lucy had repeatedly asked emily what was wrong , but emily said she was fine-just tired . 
 what could she say ? 
 i know your sister 's old boyfriend . 
 i think he really might have killed leah . 
 there 's a hole in the back of someone 's yard where he might have dumped her . 
 her brain had been on warp speed ever since , circling memory after memory of that horrible time . 
 the day after ali vanished , after their talk with mrs. dilaurentis , emily and her friends went in opposite directions . 
 emily had passed right by the big hole where they 'd eventually find the body . 
 the workers , she remembered , had been filling the hole with concrete that very day . 
 all their cars were along the curb next to the dilaurentises ' lawn . 
 there was one at the end that she 'd studied for a second or two , wondering where she 'd seen it before . 
 it was an old black sedan , like something out of a sixties or seventies movie . 
 it was the same car that screeched up to the rosewood day lower school curb the day ali bragged to everyone that she was going to find a piece of the time capsule flag . 
 after his fight with ian , jason dilaurentis had yanked open the passenger door to that car and slumped inside . 
 it was the same car that chugged outside the dilaurentis house the day emily and the others tried to steal ali 's flag . 
 and here it was in her memory again , looming at the dilaurentises ' house the day the concrete covered up that body for three long years . 
 that car belonged to darren wilden . 
 the bus pulled away a few minutes later , the green fields of lancaster disappearing behind them . 
 there were only four other passengers , so emily had a row to herself . 
 spying an outlet near her feet , she leaned down , plugged in her cell phone , and switched it on . 
 the screen glowed with life . 
 emily had to do something about what she 'd learned , but what ? 
 if she called spencer , hanna , or aria , they 'd tell her she was crazy for thinking ali was alive and for following a 's instructions to go to amish country . 
 she could n't call her parents , either-they thought she was in boston . 
 and she could n't call the police-wilden was the police . 
 it was incredible that wilden had really once been amish . 
 emily knew very little about his life , only that he 'd been a rebel at rosewood day but then had reinvented himself as a cop . 
 it probably would n't take too much effort to find out when wilden had left the community and started school at rosewood day , though , and when he spoke to emily and the others in the hospital , he 'd mentioned that he 'd lived with his uncle in high school . 
 according to lucy , wilden had convinced leah , lucy 's sister , to leave the community as well . 
 maybe when she refused , he 'd gotten angry ... and made plans to do away with her for good . 
 wilden could have talked to ali about her secret dreams to run away since he and jason were friends . 
 wilden might have even promised ali to help her run away for good , sneaking her out of rosewood the night she went missing . 
 he dumped a body into the hole in the dilaurentises ' backyard , making it look like ali had been killed . 
 but the body in that hole did n't belong to ali . 
 it belonged to the girl who broke wilden 's heart . 
 horribly , it all fit . 
 it explained why leah had never been found . 
 it explained why ali showed up in the woods last saturday and why wilden was dissuading the police force from investigating the possibility that ali was alive-if they realized it was n't her body in that hole , they 'd have to figure out whose body it was . 
 it was why wilden did n't believe in a and did n't buy that ian knew a secret about what happened that night . 
 a had been right all along-there had been a secret . 
 but it was n't about ali 's death . 
 it was about who had been killed in ali 's place . 
 emily stared at the graffiti someone had drawn on the wall of the bus under the window . 
 mimi luvs christopher . 
 tina has a fat ass . 
 there was even a sketch of two fat butt cheeks next to it . 
 ali was out there , somewhere , just as she 'd always known . 
 but where had she been all this time ? 
 it seemed implausible that a seventh grader could survive on her own . 
 or perhaps she 'd known someone who 'd taken her in . 
 why had n't she contacted emily to let her know she was okay ? 
 or maybe she had n't wanted to contact anyone . 
 maybe she 'd decided to forget her entire life in rosewood , even her four best friends . 
 emily 's phone beeped , signaling three unread texts . 
 she scrolled through her inbox . 
 two were from her sister caroline ; both subject lines read people survey . 
 aria had sent a text too ; its subject line said we need to talk . 
 an old woman at the front of the bus coughed . 
 the bus rolled past a farm , and the cabin temporarily smelled like manure . 
 emily moved the cursor from text to text , trying to decide which to read first . 
 just then , her phone pinged again , this time with a text from an unknown number . 
 her pulse raced . 
 this had to be from a. and for once , emily could n't wait to know what a had to say . 
 she pressed read immediately . 
 it was a photo text . 
 the picture was of a bunch of blurry papers fanned out on a table . 
 the top document was titled alison dilaurentis disappearance : timeline . 
 the paper below it said interview , jessica dilaurentis , june 21 , 10:30 p.m. another paper had a crest of something called the preserve at addison-stevens , with the last name `` dilaurentis '' shown . 
 a red stamp on each of the papers said property of rosewood police department . 
 evidence . 
 do not remove . 
 emily gasped . 
 then , she noticed a final piece of paper peeking out from underneath the others . 
 emily squinted until her eyes hurt . 
 dna report , it said . 
 but emily could n't read the results . 
 `` no , '' emily moaned , feeling like she was going to explode . 
 then , as the bus went over a bone-jarring bump , she noticed an accompanying note with the photo . 
 wan na see for yourself ? 
 the evidence room is in the back of the rosewood police station . 
 i 'll leave a door open.-a chapter 22 ali returns ... sort of friday after school , noel picked aria up at byron 's house . 
 as she got in the car , he leaned over and gave her a little kiss on the cheek . 
 despite the butterflies eating away at aria 's stomach lining , she felt a thrill run down her spine . 
 they drove through the winding streets of various neighborhoods , passing the old farmhouses and the township playground that still had a couple of discarded christmas trees at the far end of the parking lot . 
 neither aria nor noel spoke , though the silence felt comfortable instead of awkward . 
 aria was grateful not to have to scramble for small talk . 
 aria 's phone rang just as they were turning onto ali 's old street . 
 private caller , said the screen . 
 aria answered . 
 `` ms. montgomery ? '' 
 chirped a voice . 
 `` this is bethany richards from us weekly ! '' 
 `` sorry , not interested , '' aria said quickly , cursing herself for answering . 
 she was about to hang up the phone when the reporter breathed in sharply . 
 `` i just wanted to know if you had a response to the people article . '' 
 `` what people article ? '' 
 aria snapped . 
 noel glanced at her worriedly . 
 `` the one with the poll that says ninety-two percent of people surveyed think you and your friends killed alison dilaurentis ! '' 
 the reporter sounded giddy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 aria gasped . 
 `` it 's not true ! '' 
 then she stabbed end and dropped her phone into her bag . 
 noel gazed at her , an anxious look on his face . 
 `` there 's an article in people that says we killed ali , '' she whispered . 
 noel 's eyebrows knit together in a v. `` jesus . '' 
 aria pressed her head to the window , staring vacantly at a passing green sign for the hollis arboretum . 
 how on earth could people believe such a crazy thing ? 
 just because of their stupid nickname ? 
 because they had n't wanted to answer any of the press 's rude , prying questions ? 
 they pulled up to ali 's old cul-de-sac . 
 aria could smell the singed remains from the fire even through the rolled-up windows . 
 the trees were twisted and black , like decomposed limbs , and the hastingses ' windmill was now a pulpy , incinerated carcass . 
 but the worst thing was the hastingses ' barn . 
 half of it had collapsed , nothing more than a bunch of dark , ruined planks on the ground . 
 the old porch glider , once painted antique white , was now a dirty , rusted color , hanging creakily by one hinge . 
 it swayed gently , as if a ghost were lazily swinging back and forth . 
 noel drew his bottom lip into his mouth , eyeing the barn . 
 `` it 's like the house of usher . '' 
 aria gawked at him , amazed . 
 noel shrugged . 
 `` you know . 
 the poe story where the crazy guy buries his sister in that old , ruined , scary house ? 
 and for a while he feels really unsettled and even crazier , and it 's because it turns out she 's not really dead ? '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you know that story , '' aria said , pleased . 
 noel looked hurt . 
 `` i 'm in ap english , same as you . 
 i do read from time to time . '' 
 `` i did n't mean it like that , '' aria said quickly , although she wondered if she kind of did . 
 they parked in front of the dilaurentises ' house and got out . 
 the new owners , the st. germains , had moved back in after the ali media circus had died down , but they did n't look to be home , which was a relief . 
 even better , there was n't a single news van parked at the curb . 
 then aria spied spencer at her mailbox , a stack of envelopes in her hand . 
 spencer saw aria at the exact same time . 
 her eyes shifted from aria to noel , looking a little confused . 
 `` what are you guys doing here ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 `` hey . '' 
 aria walked over , skirting around a large , round hedge . 
 her nerves jumped and crackled . 
 `` did you hear that people think we killed ali ? '' 
 spencer made a sour face . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` we need some real answers . '' 
 aria gestured toward ali 's old backyard , which was still haphazardly surrounded by yellow police tape . 
 `` i know you think the ali ghost thing is crazy , but a medium is going to perform a seance where she died . 
 do you want to watch ? '' 
 spencer took a step away . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` but what if she actually contacts ali ? 
 do n't you want to know what really happened ? '' 
 spencer straightened the envelopes in her hands until they all faced the same direction . 
 `` that stuff is n't real , aria . 
 and you should n't be hanging around that hole . 
 the press will have a field day ! '' 
 a gust of wind whipped across aria 's face , and she drew her coat tighter around her . 
 `` we 're not doing anything wrong . 
 we 'll just be standing there . '' 
 spencer slammed the door to the mailbox hard and turned away . 
 `` well , count me out . '' 
 `` fine , '' aria said indignantly , whirling around . 
 as she stormed back to noel , she peeked over her shoulder . 
 spencer was still standing by her mailbox , looking conflicted and sad . 
 aria wished spencer would let her guard down and believe in what could n't be explained . 
 this was ali they were talking about . 
 but after a moment , spencer threw her shoulders back and headed for the front door . 
 noel was waiting by the ali shrine on the curb . 
 as usual , it was crowded with flowers and candles and impersonal notes that said things like we 'll miss you and rest in peace . 
 `` should we go back there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 aria nodded numbly , pressing her wool scarf to her nose-the burnt smell from the fire was making her eyes water . 
 silently , they walked across the stiff , frosty yard to the back of ali 's property . 
 even though it was only a little past 4 p.m. , the sky was already growing dark . 
 it was strangely foggy , and thick mist swirled around ali 's old back deck . 
 a crow cawed from deep inside the woods . 
 crack . 
 aria jumped in fright . 
 when she turned , a woman was suddenly right behind her , breathing down her neck . 
 she had flyaway salt-and-pepper hair , bulging eyes , and sallow , papery skin . 
 her teeth were yellowish and rotting , and her fingernails were at least an inch long . 
 she looked like a corpse who 'd just climbed out of a coffin . 
 `` i 'm esmeralda , '' the woman said in a thin , low voice . 
 aria was too terrified to speak . 
 noel stepped forward . 
 `` this is aria . '' 
 the woman touched aria 's hand . 
 her fingers were ice-cold and nothing but bones . 
 esmeralda glanced toward the taped-off hole . 
 `` come . 
 she 's been waiting to talk to you . '' 
 the lump in aria 's throat tripled in size . 
 they shuffled closer to the hole . 
 the air felt cooler there . 
 the wind had died down to an eerie standstill , and the mist was even thicker . 
 it was like the hole was in the eye of a storm , a portal to a different dimension . 
 this ca n't be happening , she thought , trying to stay calm . 
 ali is n't here . 
 it is n't possible . 
 i 'm just getting caught up in the moment . 
 `` now ... '' esmeralda took aria 's hand and led her to the edge of the hole . 
 `` look down . 
 we need to reach her together . '' 
 aria began to tremble . 
 she 'd never looked into the half-dug hole before . 
 when she glanced helplessly at noel , who was a few paces behind them , he nodded faintly , nudging his chin toward the hole . 
 taking a deep breath , she craned her neck and looked down . 
 her heart hammered . 
 her skin felt cold . 
 the inside of the hole was dark and filled with clumps of dirt and cracked pieces of cement . 
 a couple of pieces of police tape had fallen to the bottom , about nine feet down . 
 though ali 's body had long since been removed , aria could see a matted-down indentation where something heavy had lain for a long , long time . 
 she shut her eyes . 
 ali had been down there for years , covered up by cement , slowly deteriorating into the soil . 
 her skin had fallen off her bones . 
 her beautiful face had rotted . 
 in life , ali was captivating , someone you could n't help but stare at , but in death , she 'd been silent , invisible . 
 for years , she 'd hid in her own backyard . 
 she 'd taken with her the secret of what had really happened . 
 aria reached for noel 's hand . 
 he quickly curled his fingers around hers and squeezed . 
 esmeralda remained at the edge of the hole for a long time , inhaling deep , guttural breaths , rolling her neck around , rocking back and forth on her heels . 
 then she started to writhe . 
 it seemed like something was infiltrating her body , slipping in through her skin and getting comfortable . 
 aria 's breath caught in her throat . 
 noel did n't move , awestruck . 
 when aria 's gaze broke from esmeralda for a moment , she noticed a light on in spencer 's bedroom window next door . 
 spencer was standing at the window , staring at them . 
 finally , esmeralda raised her head . 
 astonishingly , she somehow appeared younger , and there was a whisper of a smirk on her face . 
 `` hey , '' esmeralda said in a completely different voice . 
 aria gasped . 
 noel flinched too . 
 it was ali 's voice . 
 `` so you wanted to talk to me ? '' 
 esmeralda-as-ali said , sounding bored . 
 `` you only get one question , so make it good . '' 
 a dog howled in the distance . 
 a door slammed across the street , and when aria turned , she thought she saw jenna cavanaugh gliding past the bay window in her living room . 
 and aria even thought she could smell a hint of vanilla soap wafting out from the bottom of the hole . 
 could ali be right here , staring at her through this woman 's eyes ? 
 and what was aria supposed to ask her ? 
 there were so many secrets ali had kept from them-about her tryst with ian , the problems with her brother , the truth about blinding jenna , and the possibility that ali was n't as happy as everyone thought . 
 but really , one question stood out cleanly from the others . 
 `` who killed you ? '' 
 she finally asked in a quiet , quaking whisper . 
 esmeralda wrinkled her nose , like this was the stupidest question in the world . 
 `` are you sure you want to know ? '' 
 aria leaned forward . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the medium lowered her head . 
 `` i 'm afraid to say it out loud , '' she blurted , still in ali 's voice . 
 `` i 'll have to write it down . '' 
 `` okay , '' aria said quickly . 
 `` and then you have to leave , '' esmeralda-as-ali said . 
 `` i do n't want you here anymore . '' 
 `` sure , '' aria wheezed . 
 `` anything . '' 
 esmeralda reached into her purse and pulled out a small , leather-bound notebook and a ballpoint pen . 
 scribbling quickly , she folded the note and handed it to aria . 
 `` now go , '' she growled . 
 aria backed away from the hole , nearly tripping as she went . 
 she did n't even feel her legs as she sprinted to noel 's car . 
 noel was right behind her , pulling her to him and holding her close . 
 for a moment , they both were too overwhelmed to speak . 
 aria stared at the ali shrine again . 
 a single candle flame illuminated ali 's school picture from seventh grade . 
 ali 's wide , toothy smile and unblinking eyes suddenly made her look possessed . 
 she thought about the story noel had mentioned - `` the fall of the house of usher . '' 
 just like the sister in the story who had been entombed in that old house , ali 's body had been trapped under the concrete for three long years . 
 were souls released from their earthly vessels as soon as a person died ... or much later ? 
 had ali 's soul escaped that hole just after ali took her last breath ... or only after the workers excavated her rotted corpse from the ground ? 
 the slip of paper esmeralda had given her was still in aria 's palm . 
 she began to slowly unfold it . 
 `` do you need a minute alone ? '' 
 noel asked softly . 
 aria swallowed hard . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she needed him here . 
 she was too afraid to look at the note by herself . 
 the paper crinkled as she spread it out . 
 the letters were round and bubbly-ali 's handwriting . 
 slowly , aria read the words . 
 there were only three , and they chilled her to her very core : ali killed ali . 
 chapter 23 all in the family about an hour later , spencer sat at her desk in her bedroom , staring out the big bay window . 
 the back porch lights threw an eerie glow over the ruined barn and the twisted , hideous forest . 
 all the snow had melted , leaving a film of muck over the ground . 
 a bunch of tree surgeons had hacked away at the brambles with chain saws , leaving a big pile of dead timber on the lawn . 
 a cleanup crew had ransacked the barn today , depositing the remaining furniture near the patio . 
 the round rug where spencer and the others had sat the night ali hypnotized them was propped against the steps of the deck . 
 it had once been white , but it was now burnt-marshmallow brown . 
 aria and noel were no longer gathered around the hole . 
 spencer had watched them from the window ; the whole thing with the medium had taken only about ten minutes . 
 though she was curious about what aria had discovered with madame psychic friend , she felt too stubborn to ask . 
 the medium looked suspiciously like the woman who hung out on the hollis college green , claiming she could speak to trees . 
 spencer hoped the press would n't get wind of what aria was doing-it would just make them look crazier . 
 `` hey , spence . '' 
 she jumped . 
 her father stood in her doorway , still in a dark pin-striped suit from work . 
 `` want to look at windmill web sites with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 her parents had decided to replace the fire-damaged windmill with a new one that would help to power the house . 
 `` um ... '' spencer felt a twinge of regret . 
 when had her dad last asked her to take part in a family decision ? 
 yet she could n't even look at him . 
 the letter she 'd found on his hard drive scrolled through her mind like the cnn news ticker . 
 dear jessica , i 'm sorry things got cut short ... . 
 i ca n't wait to be alone with you again . 
 xx , peter . 
 it was n't hard to draw awful conclusions . 
 she kept imagining her father and mrs. dilaurentis sitting on the beige wraparound sofa in ali 's living room-the very same couch spencer , ali , and the others sat on when they watched american idol-nuzzling noses in the same way some pda-obsessed couples did in the hallways of rosewood day . 
 `` i have homework , '' she lied , the grilled chicken salad she 'd had for lunch churning in her stomach . 
 her dad looked disappointed . 
 `` okay , maybe later then . '' 
 he turned and padded down the stairs . 
 spencer let out a pent-up breath . 
 she needed to talk to someone about this . 
 the secret was too weighty and overwhelming to handle alone . 
 she pulled out her phone and dialed melissa 's number . 
 it rang and rang . 
 `` it 's spencer , '' she said shakily after the voice mail beep . 
 `` i need to talk to you about something with mom and dad . 
 call me back . '' 
 she pressed the end button with despair . 
 where 's mom ? 
 melissa had bleated to their dad the night ali went missing . 
 we need to find her . 
 according to their father 's letter to ali 's mom , the two of them had met up that same night . 
 what if spencer 's mom caught them together and that was why she never wanted to talk about that night again ? 
 the realization hit her again . 
 her dad ... and ali 's mom . 
 she shuddered . 
 it was unthinkable . 
 the woods were eerily still . 
 a flutter to her right caught her eye , and she turned . 
 there was a flash of yellow at ali 's old bedroom window . 
 then a light flipped on . 
 maya , the girl who lived there now , crossed the room and plopped down on the bed . 
 spencer 's phone buzzed , and she let out a bleat of surprise . 
 but instead of a return call from melissa , an im had appeared on her screen . 
 is this spencer ? 
 she stared at the sender 's screen name in disbelief . 
 uscmidfielderroxx . 
 it was ian . 
 before spencer could decide what to do , another message flashed on spencer 's screen . 
 i got your im name from melissa . 
 is it okay that i 'm i ming you ? 
 spencer 's head felt scrambled . 
 so ian and melissa had been in contact . 
 i 'm not sure i want to talk to you , she rapidly typed . 
 you were wrong about jason and wilden . 
 and then someone tried to kill us . 
 he wrote back immediately . 
 i feel terrible that that happened . 
 but everything i told you is true . 
 wilden and jason hated me . 
 they were coming to mess with me that night . 
 maybe they did n't hurt ali ... but they are hiding something . 
 spencer let out a low groan . 
 how do i know you did n't kill ali and are now trying to set us up to take the fall ? 
 the police hate us now . 
 all of rosewood does . 
 i 'm so sorry about that , spencer , ian wrote . 
 but i did n't kill ali , i swear . 
 you have to believe me . 
 the curtains in maya 's window fluttered again . 
 spencer squeezed her phone with her fingers . 
 she could n't put ian at the scene the moment ali disappeared anymore . 
 and neither could melissa . 
 then something occurred to her . 
 ian had been with melissa the night ali vanished-and the night melissa and their dad fought . 
 he might know something about what happened . 
 i have a question about something else , she typed quickly . 
 do you remember melissa fighting with my dad the night ali died ? 
 she met him at the door and was yelling at him about something . 
 did she say anything to you about it ? 
 the cursor flashed . 
 spencer drummed her fingers on her tiffany desk blotter , impatient . 
 twenty long seconds passed before ian responded . 
 i think this is something you should talk about with your parents . 
 spencer bit down hard on her lip . 
 i ca n't , she hammered on the keyboard . 
 if you know something , say it . 
 there was another long pause . 
 a couple of crows fluttered out from the burnt woods , settling on a far-off telephone pole . 
 spencer 's gaze wandered over to the ruined , crumbled barn , to the taped-off hole in the dilaurentises ' backyard . 
 her nerves felt snappy and raw . 
 in one sweeping glance , she could see everywhere ali traveled in her last few hours alive . 
 finally , a new message appeared . 
 melissa and i were sleeping in the den , ian wrote . 
 i remember her getting up that night and talking to your dad . 
 when she came back , she was really upset . 
 she said she was pretty sure your dad was having an affair with ali 's mom . 
 she also said that your mom had just found out . 
 `` i 'm afraid she 's going to do something stupid , '' she said . 
 something stupid like what ? 
 spencer shot back , her heart pounding . 
 i do n't know . 
 `` god , '' spencer said out loud . 
 where had her mom caught them ? 
 were mrs. dilaurentis and her father in the dilaurentises ' kitchen , tempting fate in plain sight ? 
 spencer pressed her fingers to her temple . 
 the day after ali disappeared , ali 's mom had sat the girls down and asked if ali told them about overhearing something in the house-she thought she saw ali in the doorway . 
 what if ali caught their parents too ? 
 maybe ali entered her house through the back door , padded down the corridor to the kitchen , and came upon them ... together . 
 if spencer walked in on a scene like that , she knew just what she 'd do-turn around and march right back out again . 
 maybe that was what ali did too . 
 and then whatever happened to her ... happened . 
 spencer 's phone pinged again . 
 and , spence , i hate to tell you this-but i already knew about the affair before she told me . 
 i saw your dad and ali 's mom together two weeks before that night . 
 i accidentally told ali about it , too . 
 i did n't mean to , but she knew i was keeping something from her . 
 she forced it out of me . 
 spencer held the phone at arm 's length . 
 ali knew ? 
 `` jesus , '' she whispered . 
 another im popped up . 
 i never told you why jason was coming to mess with me that night ali went missing . 
 i hoped i would n't have to . 
 but it 's because i told ali about the affair . 
 she took it really hard , and jason thought i 'd told her just to be cruel . 
 he and wilden hated me for a lot of things , but that was the final straw . 
 before spencer had a chance to process what he said , more words appeared . 
 and there 's something else i always thought was weird . 
 have you noticed how similar you , melissa , and ali all look ? 
 maybe that 's why i liked all of you . 
 spencer frowned , feeling dizzy . 
 ian 's implication trickled into her brain and began to fester . 
 it was weird how ali had looked absolutely nothing like her dad . 
 she had n't inherited his flyaway , frizzy hair or his beakish , hooked nose . 
 then again , ali had n't inherited her mother 's long , pointy nose , either , like jason had , but instead had been blessed with a petite button one with a tiny bit of an upturn at the tip . 
 it looked a lot like spencer 's father 's nose , come to think of it . 
 and , even scarier , like her own . 
 she thought about what her parents had told her in the hospital : that although olivia had carried spencer , she was the product of her dad and her mom . 
 if what ian suggested was true , it would mean that spencer and ali were ... related . 
 sisters . 
 and then spencer remembered something else . 
 she jumped to her feet and wheeled around , gazing unfocusedly into her room . 
 then she ran down to her dad 's office . 
 thankfully , it was empty . 
 she pulled the yale yearbook off the wall and held it upside down . 
 the blurry polaroid photo fell to the oriental rug . 
 spencer picked it up and stared at it . 
 the lines were blurry , but the heart-shaped face and corn-silk blond hair were unmistakable . 
 spencer should have known immediately . 
 the picture was n't of olivia . 
 it was of jessica dilaurentis-a very pregnant jessica dilaurentis . 
 shaking , spencer turned it over and looked at the date that was written on the back . 
 june 2 , almost seventeen years ago . 
 it was a few weeks before ali was born . 
 she clutched her stomach , holding in a nauseated heave . 
 if her mother had known about the affair , it explained why she hated ali . 
 it had probably driven her crazy , knowing that the physical embodiment of her failed marriage was living next door to them-and worse , that she was the girl who everyone loved . 
 the girl who got whoever and whatever she wanted . 
 in fact , if spencer 's mother 's suspicions were confirmed on that spooky night that seventh grade ended , she might have been pushed right over the edge . 
 it could have made her do something unthinkable and unplanned , something she needed to desperately cover up . 
 let 's never talk about that night again , her mother had said . 
 and the day after the seventh-grade sleepover , just after mrs. dilaurentis got done questioning the girls , spencer came upon her mother sitting at the kitchen table , so distracted she did n't even hear spencer call her name . 
 because she was so guilt-addled , maybe . 
 so horrified at what she 'd just done to her daughters ' half sister . 
 `` oh my god , '' spencer croaked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` no what ? '' 
 spencer spun around fast . 
 her mother stood in the doorway of the office , dressed in a black silk dress and silver givenchy heels . 
 a thin squeak escaped from the back of spencer 's throat . 
 then her mother 's eyes moved from the yale yearbook that was sitting open on the desk to the polaroid photo in spencer 's hand . 
 spencer immediately shoved it in her pocket , but a cloudy look came over her mother 's face . 
 swiftly , she crossed the room and touched spencer 's arm . 
 her hands were ice-cold . 
 when spencer looked into her mother 's narrowed eyes , she felt a flicker of fear . 
 `` get your coat , spence , '' mrs. hastings said , her voice eerily calm . 
 `` we 're going for a ride . '' 
 chapter 24 another breakthrough at the preserve hanna opened her eyes and found herself in a small hospital room . 
 the walls were pea green . 
 next to her was a big bouquet of flowers and near the door was a smiley-faced get well soon balloon with accordion arms and legs . 
 oddly , it was the same balloon her father had given her after mona hit hanna with her suv . 
 and come to think of it , the walls of that room had been this same greenish color , too . 
 when she tilted her neck to the right , she saw a pale silver clutch sitting on the pillow next to her . 
 when had she last used that ? 
 and then she remembered : the night of mona 's sweet seventeen party . 
 the night of her accident . 
 she gasped and jolted up , noticing for the first time the clunky cast on her arm . 
 had she traveled back in time ? 
 or had she never left the room in the first place ? 
 had the past few months been nothing but a horrible nightmare ? 
 then a familiar figure loomed over her . 
 `` hi , hanna , '' ali lilted . 
 she looked taller and older , her face more angular , her hair a slightly darker blond . 
 there was a smudge of soot on her cheek , as if she 'd just emerged from the fiery woods . 
 hanna blinked . 
 `` am i dead ? '' 
 ali giggled . 
 `` no , silly . '' 
 then she cocked her head , listening for something in the distance . 
 `` i have to go soon . 
 but listen , okay ? 
 she knows more than you think . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 hanna cried , struggling to sit up . 
 an entranced look came over ali 's face . 
 `` we were best friends once , '' she said . 
 `` but you ca n't trust her . '' 
 `` who ? 
 tara ? '' 
 she blurted , perplexed . 
 ali sighed . 
 `` she wants to hurt you . '' 
 hanna struggled to pull her arms out from under the sheets . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 who wants to hurt me ? '' 
 `` she wants to hurt you like she already hurt me . '' 
 tears rolled down ali 's cheeks , first salty and clear , then thick and bloody . 
 one plopped square in the middle of hanna 's cheek . 
 it felt hot and sizzling , like acid seeping through her skin . 
 hanna shot up , breathing hard . 
 she felt her cheek , but it no longer stung . 
 the walls around her were pale blue . 
 moonlight streamed through the big picture window . 
 there were no flowers on her nightstand or balloons in the corner . 
 the bed next to her was empty , the sheets pulled tight . 
 the little shoe-a-day calendar on iris 's side of the room was still turned to friday . 
 hanna must have fallen asleep . 
 iris had n't yet returned to their shared bedroom after the dreadful gt incident . 
 hanna wondered if she was still in another part of the facility , enduring her punishment for sneaking magazines in . 
 hanna had been too ashamed to go to the cafe for lunch , not wanting to give tara the satisfaction that she 'd taken away hanna 's only friend . 
 the only people she 'd seen were betsy , the nurse who administered meds ; dr. foster , who apologized to hanna for her peers ' behavior ; and george , one of the janitors who had come to clean out iris 's people magazines , tossing them into a big gray dumpster . 
 it was so silent in the room that hanna could hear the tinny , high-pitched ringing of the fluorescent bulb in her bedside lamp . 
 her dream had felt so real , like ali had just been there . 
 she knows more thanyou think , , ali said . 
 she wants to hurt you like she already hurt me . 
 she had to be talking about tara and what she did in gt . 
 for an ugly , chubby loser , tara was much shrewder than hanna thought . 
 a key turned in the lock and the door creaked open . 
 `` oh . '' 
 iris 's face soured when she saw hanna . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 hanna gasped , sitting up fast . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm golden , '' iris said blandly . 
 she walked over to the mirror and began to inspect her pores . 
 `` i did n't know i was going to get you in trouble , '' hanna gushed . 
 `` i 'm so sorry felicia took away your magazines . '' 
 iris 's eyes met hanna 's in the mirror . 
 her face was etched with disappointment . 
 `` it 's not about the magazines , hanna . 
 i told you everything about me , but i had to find out everything about you from some stupid magazine . 
 tara knew before i did . '' 
 hanna swung her legs over the bed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 iris crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` sorry does n't cut it . 
 i thought you were normal . 
 and you 're not . '' 
 hanna pressed her thumbs into her eye sockets . 
 `` so some shit happened to me , '' she blurted . 
 `` you heard some of it in group . '' 
 she launched into an explanation about the night ali went missing , her makeover , a , and how mona had tried to kill her . 
 `` everyone around me is crazy , but i 'm normal , i swear . '' 
 hanna dropped her hands in her lap and looked at iris 's eyes in the mirror . 
 `` i wanted to tell you , but i just do n't know who to trust anymore . '' 
 iris stood very still for a few long moments , her back still turned . 
 the vanilla-scented glade plug-in in the corner outlet let out a sfft . 
 it reminded hanna eerily of ali . 
 finally , iris whirled around . 
 `` god , hanna . '' 
 she exhaled . 
 `` that sounds awful . '' 
 `` it was , '' hanna admitted . 
 and then the tears came fast and hot . 
 it felt like every shred of tension and fear she 'd been holding in for months erupted from her . 
 for so long , she 'd thought if she pretended she was over mona and ali and a , it all would eventually fade away . 
 but it was n't fading . 
 she was so angry at mona it physically hurt . 
 she was angry at ali for being so nasty to mona that she 'd turned into vicious , heartless a. and she was furious at herself for falling for mona 's friendship-and ali 's . 
 `` if i had n't been friends with ali , none of this would 've happened , '' hanna wailed , crying so hard now that her chest heaved uncontrollably . 
 `` i wish she 'd never been in my life . 
 i wish i never knew her . '' 
 `` shhhh . '' 
 iris petted hanna 's hair . 
 `` you do n't mean that . '' 
 but hanna did mean it . 
 all ali gave hanna was a few months of bliss and then many years of pain . 
 `` would it have been the worst thing if i had stayed an ugly , chubby loser ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 at least then she would n't have hurt people . 
 at least people would n't have hurt her . 
 `` maybe i deserved what mona did to me . 
 maybe ali deserved what someone did to her , too . '' 
 iris sat back , flinching as if hanna had pinched her . 
 hanna realized too late how her words probably sounded . 
 but then iris stood and straightened her skirt . 
 `` the staff is making us watch ella enchanted in the theater room . '' 
 she rolled her eyes and made a face . 
 `` i 'll tell them you 're sick if you want me to . 
 maybe you need some time alone . 
 i understand if you do n't want to see tara and the others right now . '' 
 hanna was about to nod , but then her stomach let out a gurgle . 
 she squared her shoulders . 
 it was true-she did n't want to face tara and the other patients , now that they knew the truth . 
 but all of a sudden , she did n't really care . 
 everyone here was screwed up . 
 they were no better than she was . 
 `` i 'll be there , '' she decided . 
 iris smiled . 
 `` take your time . '' 
 the door clonked shut on her way out . 
 hanna felt her pulse begin to slow . 
 she dabbed her eyes with more kleenexes , slid her feet into her ugg slippers , and walked to the mirror . 
 fixing her puffy eyes was going to take a lot of makeup . 
 then , she noticed iris 's black patent leather chanel purse on the bureau , the corner of a magazine poking out . 
 hanna pulled at it , hardly believing what she saw . 
 it was the newest issue of people . 
 the one with the story about hanna inside . 
 alarm bolted through her . 
 had n't the nurses taken this away ? 
 frantically , hanna leafed to the page where the story about her began . 
 a week of secrets and lies . 
 her eyes scanned the text . 
 there were details about their friendship with alison . 
 their dealings with mona-as-a . 
 seeing ian thomas 's body , narrowly escaping the fire . 
 there was the box that said 92 percent of the country thought hanna and the others killed ali . 
 and then hanna noticed another sidebar . 
 and where 's hanna marin ? 
 said bold type . 
 you 'll never believe it ! 
 next to it was a picture of the front of the preserve . 
 hanna 's blood went ice-cold . 
 there was a list of drugs hanna was taking , the sleeping pills and the valium . 
 there was an itinerary of how she spent her days , down to what she ate for breakfast , how long she ran on the treadmill , and how often she wrote in her leather-bound food journal . 
 below the article was a blurry picture of hanna in leggings and a t-shirt , sticking her tongue out at the camera , the graffiti on the walls of the secret attic room behind her . 
 hanna 's raised middle finger had been cropped out , as had the other girl in the picture . 
 `` oh my god , '' hanna whispered . 
 she stared at the magazine , nausea burbling up in her stomach . 
 in group , hanna had blamed tara . 
 but something did n't fit . 
 even if tara had somehow found iris 's disposable camera , some of these details were too specific . 
 they were things only someone who spent every waking moment with hanna could know . 
 just before hanna hurled the magazine across the room , she saw something else in the photo . 
 behind her head , right next to iris 's sketch of the wishing well , was another drawing in the exact same style and the same color ink . 
 it was of a girl with a heart-shaped face , cupid-bow lips , and wide , big blue eyes . 
 hanna brought the magazine closer to her face , staring at it until her eyes crossed . 
 it was the spitting image of a girl hanna knew very , very well . 
 a girl she thought she 'd seen in the woods the week before . 
 and suddenly , ali 's voice lilted in her ear . 
 she wants to hurt you just like she already hurt me . 
 ali had n't been talking about tara at all ; she 'd been talking about iris . 
 chapter 25 aria says good-bye an hour after her meeting with esmeralda , aria parked at the gates of st. basil 's cemetery . 
 the majestic mausoleums and headstones were dappled with silver moonlight . 
 a couple of tall , old-fashioned lanterns lit the brick pathway . 
 there was a gentle breeze shaking the bare willow trees . 
 aria knew every step to ali 's grave , but that would n't make the journey there any easier . 
 ali killed ali . 
 it was shocking ... and unbelievable ... and filled aria with penetrating , unbelievable guilt . 
 someone murdering ali was one thing , truly tragic . 
 but ali killing herself ? 
 it could have been prevented . 
 ali could have sought help . 
 and still , aria was skeptical that ali could have done such a thing . 
 she 'd seemed so happy , so carefree . 
 but the day mrs. dilaurentis questioned them about ali 's whereabouts , after aria and her friends parted ways , she 'd started down the dilaurentises ' driveway and noticed the lid to one of their garbage cans had blown off . 
 bending down to put it back on the can , she spied an empty bottle for pills nestled atop the trash bags . 
 the prescription was for ali , but the medication 's name had been rubbed off . 
 at the time , aria had n't thought much of it , but now she reexamined the memory more closely . 
 what if the pills were to treat depression or anxiety ? 
 what if ali took a whole handful of them on the night of the seventh-grade sleepover , too overcome to go on ? 
 she could have climbed into that hole on purpose , folded her hands over her chest , and waited for the drugs to take effect . 
 but there was no way to prove it-ali 's body had been so decomposed by the time the workers found her that there was no way to test for a drug overdose . 
 r u avoiding me ? 
 ali had texted aria in those last few weeks she was alive . 
 i want 2 talk . 
 but aria had ignored almost every one of them-there was only so much teasing about byron 's affair she could take . 
 what if ali had needed to talk about something else ? 
 how had aria missed something so huge ? 
 even though she 'd only seen noel an hour ago , she pulled out her phone and called him . 
 he answered right away . 
 `` i 'm at the cemetery , '' she said . 
 then she paused , figuring noel would know why . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' noel said . 
 `` it 'll make you feel better , i promise . '' 
 aria picked up the crinkly wrapping around the bouquet of flowers she 'd picked up at the grocery store just minutes ago . 
 she was n't sure what she was going to say to ali here-or what answers she 'd get . 
 but at this point , she was willing to try anything to feel better . 
 she swallowed hard , pressing the phone to her ear . 
 `` ali might have been reaching out to me about something , but i ignored her . 
 this is all my fault . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' noel soothed . 
 the other end crackled with static . 
 `` i think that about my brother sometimes , too ... but you ca n't . 
 it 's nothing i could 've prevented , and it 's nothing you could 've stopped , either . 
 and it was n't like you were ali 's only friend . 
 she could 've reached out to spencer or hanna or her parents . 
 but she did n't . '' 
 `` i 'll talk to you later , okay ? '' 
 aria said , her voice thick with tears . 
 then she hung up , grabbed the flowers , opened the passenger door , and started up the walk . 
 the grass was wet and squishy under her feet . 
 within minutes , she was climbing the hill and approaching ali 's headstone . 
 someone had set up fresh flowers at the headstone 's base and taped a picture of ali to the stone itself . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 she jumped . 
 a shiver went down her back . 
 jason dilaurentis was standing a few feet away under a big sycamore tree . 
 she braced herself , ready for him to get angry , but he just stood there , his eyes darting back and forth . 
 he wore a heavy black jacket with a thick , padded hood , black pants , and black gloves . 
 for a wild second aria wondered if he was going to rob a bank . 
 `` h-hey , '' she finally sputtered . 
 `` i just ... wanted to talk to ali . 
 is that okay ? '' 
 jason shrugged . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he began to walk down the hill , giving her space . 
 `` wait , '' aria called . 
 jason stopped , leaned his hand against a tree , and peered at her . 
 aria considered her words . 
 one short week ago , when they were dating , jason had encouraged her to discuss ali with him-he said everyone else seemed too uncomfortable to even utter her name in his presence . 
 she brushed her hands on her jeans . 
 `` we 've found out a lot about ali that we did n't know , '' she finally said . 
 `` a lot that 's really painful . 
 i 'm sure it 's been hard on you , too . '' 
 jason kicked his toe into a loose clump of soil . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` and sometimes you just do n't know what 's going on inside of people , '' aria added , thinking about how ali had happily pirouetted across the lawn the evening seventh grade ended , seemingly overjoyed to see her best friends . 
 `` people always seem so perfect on the surface , '' she added . 
 `` but ... it 's not always the case . 
 everyone hides things . '' 
 jason 's toe kicked up more dirt . 
 `` but it 's not your fault , '' aria went on . 
 `` it 's not any of our faults . '' 
 and all of a sudden , she really believed that . 
 if ali really had committed suicide , and if she 'd known she was going to do it ahead of time , aria still might not have been able to do anything to stop her . 
 it broke her heart that she had n't sensed it coming , and it sucked that she did n't know why ali had done it ... but maybe she just had to accept it , grieve , and move on . 
 jason opened his mouth as if to speak , but a shrill ring pierced the air . 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone . 
 `` i should get this , '' he said , glancing at the screen , his tone apologetic . 
 aria gave him a wave as he turned and walked down the hill into the shadows . 
 then she faced ali 's headstone . 
 alison lauren dilaurentis . 
 nothing else . 
 had ali known the night of the sleepover would be her last on earth , or had it been a spur-of-the-moment , i ca n't take it anymore thing ? 
 the very last time aria saw ali alive , ali had been about to hypnotize them , but spencer had jumped up and tried to open the blinds . 
 it 's too dark in here , spencer said . 
 it has to be dark , ali argued , whipping the blinds shut . 
 that 's how it works . 
 then , when ali turned , aria got a peek at her face . 
 she had n't seemed manipulative and domineering , but fragile and scared . 
 seconds later , spencer told ali to leave ... and ali did . 
 she backed down , something she 'd never done before , like her spunk and resolve had evaporated . 
 aria knelt down in the grass , touching the cool marble of ali 's headstone . 
 hot tears rushed to her eyes . 
 `` ali , i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` whatever was going on , i 'm sorry . '' 
 a jet roared overhead . 
 the fragrant bouquet of roses next to ali 's grave made aria 's nose itch . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she repeated . 
 `` i 'm so , so sorry . '' 
 `` aria ? '' 
 a high-pitched voice called . 
 aria jumped . 
 there was a blinding light in her face . 
 her hands shook , and for a moment , she was sure it was ali . 
 but then the light shifted . 
 a woman cop in dark-framed glasses and a rosewood pd ski cap knelt down . 
 `` aria montgomery ? '' 
 `` y-yes ? '' 
 aria stammered . 
 the cop touched aria 's arm . 
 `` you need to come with me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 aria laughed nervously , pulling her arm away . 
 the walkie-talkie on the cop 's belt bleeped . 
 `` it would be best if you spoke to the boys downtown . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 i did n't do anything . '' 
 the cop curled her lips into a smile that did n't reach her eyes . 
 `` what are you so sorry about , aria ? '' 
 she glanced at ali 's grave , obviously having heard everything aria had just said . 
 `` is it because you 've been hiding evidence from us ? '' 
 aria shook her head , not understanding . 
 `` evidence ? '' 
 the cop gave her a knowing , condescending look . 
 `` a certain ring . '' 
 aria 's throat instantly went dry . 
 she clutched her yak-fur bag to her chest . 
 ian 's ring was still nestled in the inner pocket . 
 she 'd been so busy trying to contact ali , she had n't thought about it in days . 
 `` i did n't do anything wrong ! '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' the cop murmured , neither interested nor impressed . 
 she unclipped a pair of handcuffs from her belt and glanced at jason , who was standing just a few feet away . 
 `` thanks for your call , telling us she was here . '' 
 aria 's mouth fell open . 
 she whipped around and stared at jason too . 
 `` you told them i was here ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` why ? '' 
 jason shook his head , his eyes wide . 
 `` what ? 
 i did n't - '' `` mr. dilaurentis told the officer at the station everything he knew , '' the cop interrupted . 
 `` he 's just doing his civic duty , miss montgomery . '' 
 she wrested aria 's bag from her hands , then placed her cuffs over aria 's wrists . 
 `` do n't be angry at him for what you did . 
 what all of you did . '' 
 the reality of what the cop was saying slowly sank in . 
 could she really mean what aria thought she meant ? 
 she whipped around to jason . 
 `` you 're making this up ! '' 
 `` aria , you do n't understand , '' jason protested . 
 `` i did n't - '' `` come on , '' the cop blustered . 
 aria 's arms were now roughly bent behind her back . 
 she could see jason 's lips moving but could n't make out the words . 
 `` and since when do the police take advice from psychos ? '' 
 she exploded to the cop . 
 `` do n't you know jason 's been in and out of mental hospitals for years ? '' 
 the cop cocked her head , seemingly perplexed . 
 jason made a gurgling sound . 
 `` aria ... '' his voice cracked . 
 `` no . 
 you 've got it all wrong . '' 
 aria paused . 
 jason sounded aghast . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 the cop grabbed her arm . 
 `` come on , miss montgomery . 
 let 's go . '' 
 but aria 's gaze was still on jason . 
 `` what do i have wrong ? '' 
 jason stared , his lips parted . 
 `` tell me ! '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` what do i have wrong ? '' 
 but jason just stood there , watching as the cop pulled aria down the hill to the flashing cruiser . 
 chapter 26 the evidence does n't lie the trip from lancaster to rosewood was supposed to take two hours at the most , but emily had made the mistake of getting on a bus that stopped at a couple of authentic pennsylvania dutch farms on the way back . 
 it had then deposited her in philadelphia , meaning she 'd had to get on another bus to rosewood , which sat in the station for an additional forty-five minutes before then getting stuck in jammed traffic on the schuylkill expressway . 
 by the time the greyhound sighed into rosewood , emily had bit every fingernail to the quick and had torn a giant hole in the vinyl bus seat . 
 it was almost 6 p.m. , and a cold , ugly sleet had begun to fall . 
 the bus opened its doors , and emily scampered down the steps . 
 the town was quiet and dead . 
 the traffic lights changed from red to green , but no cars passed through . 
 ferra 's cheesesteaks still had an open sign in the window , but there was n't a single customer inside . 
 the smell of roasted coffee beans wafted from the unicorn cafe , but the place was locked up tight . 
 emily started to run , skidding down the shiny sidewalk , careful not to slip in her pathetically thin , tractionless amish boots . 
 the police station was only a few blocks away . 
 there were lights on in the main building , where emily and the others had gone when they 'd figured out mona vanderwaal was old a . 
 the back of the complex , where new a had told her to go , had no windows , making it impossible to tell whether it was occupied . 
 emily spied a big metal door propped open by a coffee cup and gasped . 
 a had left the door open , as promised . 
 a long hallway stretched in front of her . 
 the floors smelled like industrial-strength cleaner , and an exit sign glowed at the far end of the corridor . 
 the only sound was a faint , annoying buzz from the overhead fluorescent light , and emily could hear every breath she took . 
 she ran her fingers along the edges of the walls as she walked , stopping at each office door to read the names on the plaques . 
 filing . 
 maintenance . 
 employees only . 
 four offices down , her heart leapt . 
 evidence . 
 emily peered through the little window in the metal door . 
 the room was long and dark , with a mess of shelves , folders , file boxes , and metal filing cabinets . 
 she thought of the papers in that photo a had texted . 
 the interview with ali 's mom . 
 the timeline of when ali went missing . 
 the weird paper from the preserve at something-or-other , which sounded like a swanky housing development . 
 and , last but not least , the dna report , surely saying the body in the hole was n't ali 's , but leah 's . 
 suddenly , a hand clapped on her shoulder . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 emily jumped away from the door and whirled around . 
 a rosewood cop held her roughly by the upper arm , his eyes aflame . 
 the exit sign above him cast eerie red shadows along his cheeks . 
 `` i ... '' she stammered . 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be down here ! '' 
 then he stared at her harder . 
 recognition flickered across his face . 
 `` i know you , '' he said . 
 emily tried to back away from him , but he held her tight . 
 his jaw dropped . 
 `` you 're one of the girls who thought she saw alison dilaurentis . '' 
 the corners of his lips curled into a smile and he pressed his face close to hers . 
 his breath smelled like onion rings . 
 `` we 've been looking for you . '' 
 a streak of fear shot through emily 's stomach . 
 `` it 's darren wilden you should be looking for ! 
 the body in that hole is n't alison dilaurentis-it 's a girl named leah zook ! 
 wilden murdered her and dumped her there ! 
 he 's guilty . '' 
 but the cop just laughed and , to emily 's horror , began to handcuff her hands behind her back . 
 `` sweetheart , '' he said as he led her down the hall , `` the only guilty one here is you . '' 
 chapter 27 that 's amore ! 
 mrs. hastings refused to tell spencer where they were going , only that it was a surprise . 
 the large , turreted houses on their street swept by , followed by the rambling springton farm and then the upscale gray horse inn . 
 spencer took her money out of her wallet and rearranged her bills by serial number . 
 her mom had always been a quiet driver , fiercely concentrating on the roads and traffic , but something was different today , and it had spencer on edge . 
 they drove for almost a half hour . 
 the sky was pitch-black , all of the stars twinkling brightly , everyone 's porch lights blazing . 
 when spencer closed her eyes , she saw that awful night ali went missing . 
 last week , her foggy memory had conjured an image of ali standing at the edge of the woods with jason . 
 but that vision shifted again , and the person she thought was jason morphed into someone smaller , slighter , more feminine . 
 when had her mother finally come back to the house ? 
 had she confronted mr. hastings about what he 'd done-and revealed what she 'd done ? 
 maybe that was why he 'd wired an exorbitant sum of money into the alison dilaurentis recovery fund . 
 surely a family that gave so much cash to the fund to help find ali could n't be responsible for her murder . 
 spencer 's cell phone beeped , and she jumped . 
 swallowing hard , she reached for her phone in her bag . 
 one new text message , the screen said . 
 your sister is counting on you to make this right , spence . 
 or else the blood will be on your hands too.-a `` who 's that ? '' 
 spencer 's mom eased on the brakes for a red light . 
 she unglued her eyes from the suv stopped in front of her and glanced over at spencer . 
 spencer clapped her hand over her cell phone 's screen . 
 `` no one . '' 
 the light turned green , and spencer squeezed her eyes shut again . 
 your sister . 
 spencer had spent a lot of time resenting ali , but that all felt wiped away now . 
 she and ali had shared the same dad , the same blood . 
 she 'd lost more than a friend that summer-she 'd lost a family member . 
 her mother veered off the main road and pulled the mercedes into otto , rosewood 's oldest and nicest italian restaurant . 
 golden light shone from inside the building 's grotto dining room , and spencer could almost smell garlic and olive oil and red wine . 
 `` we 're going out to dinner ? '' 
 she said shakily . 
 `` not just dinner , '' her mom said , pursing her lips . 
 `` come on . '' 
 the parking lot was clogged with cars . 
 at the far end , spencer saw two rosewood police cars . 
 just beyond that , blond twins climbed out of a black suv . 
 they looked about thirteen and both were dressed in puffy jackets , wooly white hats , and the matching sweatpants that said kensington prep field hockey in collegiate-style letters down the legs . 
 spencer and ali sometimes used to wear their field hockey sweats on the same day , too . 
 she wondered if anyone had ever glanced at them and thought they were twins . 
 spencer 's breath caught in her throat . 
 `` mom , '' she said , her voice cracking . 
 her mother turned . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 say something , a voice in spencer 's head screamed . 
 but her mouth felt welded shut . 
 `` there she is ! '' 
 two figures were illuminated by floodlights across the parking lot , waving wildly at them . 
 mr. hastings had changed from his work clothes into a blue polo shirt and khakis . 
 next to him , melissa smiled primly , wearing a blue tulip-skirt dress and clutching a satin purse under her elbow . 
 `` sorry i did n't call you back , '' her sister said as spencer approached . 
 `` i was afraid if we talked , i 'd ruin the surprise ! '' 
 `` surprise ? '' 
 spencer bleated weakly , distracted . 
 she glanced at the police cars in the lot again . 
 say something , a voice in her head screamed . 
 your sister is counting on you . 
 mrs. hastings started toward the door . 
 `` well ? 
 should we go in ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' mr. hastings agreed . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 spencer cried . 
 everyone stopped and turned . 
 her mother 's hair looked glossy under the lot 's fluorescent floodlights . 
 her dad 's cheeks were red from the cold . 
 they were both smiling expectantly at her . 
 and suddenly , spencer realized her mother had no idea what spencer was about to say . 
 she had n't seen the photo of mrs. dilaurentis that spencer was holding . 
 she had n't known what spencer and ian had been iming about just seconds before that . 
 for the first time ever , spencer felt sorry for her parents . 
 she wished she could throw a blanket over them and protect them from this . 
 she wished she 'd never found this out in the first place . 
 but she had . 
 `` why did you guys do it ? '' 
 she said quietly . 
 mrs. hastings took a step forward , one of her high heels making a solid clunk against the stone walkway . 
 `` why did we do what ? '' 
 spencer noticed then that cops were sitting inside the cars . 
 she lowered her voice , directing her words at her mom . 
 `` i know what happened the night ali died . 
 you found out about dad and mrs. dilaurentis 's affair-you saw them at ali 's house . 
 and you found out how ali was my ... was dad 's - '' mrs. hastings head jerked back like she 'd been slapped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` spencer ! '' 
 mr. hastings cried , appalled . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 the words were spilling out now . 
 she barely even noticed that the wind had picked up and was biting into her skin . 
 `` did it start when you were in law school together , dad ? 
 is this why you never told us that mr. dilaurentis was a student at yale the same time you were-because something between you and jessica had happened then , too ? 
 is that why you never spoke to ali 's family ? '' 
 another car pulled into the lot . 
 her father did n't respond . 
 he just stood in the middle of the parking lot , bobbing ever so slightly back and forth like a buoy . 
 melissa dropped her clutch and bent quickly to retrieve it . 
 her mouth was open and her eyes looked glassy . 
 spencer turned to her mother . 
 `` how could you have hurt her ? 
 she was my sister . 
 and , dad , how could you cover it up when she was your daughter ? '' 
 the bones in mrs. hastings 's face seemed to turn to ash . 
 she blinked slowly , as if she 'd just woken up . 
 she turned to her husband . 
 `` you and ... jessica ? '' 
 spencer 's father opened his mouth to speak , but only a few unintelligible syllables came out . 
 `` i knew it , '' mrs. hastings whispered . 
 her voice was eerily calm and steady . 
 a muscle in her neck twitched . 
 `` i asked you a million times , but you always said it was n't true . '' 
 and then she lunged for mr. hastings and started pummeling him with her gucci purse . 
 `` and you used to go over to her house ? 
 how many times did you do that ? 
 what the hell is wrong with you ? '' 
 it felt like all the air had drained from the parking lot . 
 spencer 's ears buzzed , and she processed the scene as if in slow motion . 
 everything was unfolding all wrong . 
 her mom was acting like she did n't know . 
 she thought back to ian 's ims . 
 was it possible that her mother had n't known any of this , that this was the first she 'd heard of it ... ever ? 
 her mother finally stopped hitting her dad . 
 he wheeled back , gasping . 
 beads of sweat dripped down his face . 
 `` just admit it . 
 for once , just tell me the truth , '' she gasped . 
 the next few seconds stretched out forever . 
 `` yes , '' her father finally admitted , his head hung low . 
 melissa shrieked . 
 mrs. hastings let out a shrill wail . 
 her dad paced nervously . 
 spencer closed her eyes for a long minute . 
 when she opened them again , melissa had disappeared . 
 mrs. hastings turned to her husband again . 
 `` how long did this go on ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 ropy veins stood out at her temples . 
 `` and was she yours ? '' 
 mr. hastings 's shoulders shook . 
 a thin , guttural sound escaped from his lips . 
 he covered his face with his hands . 
 `` i did n't know about the kids until later . '' 
 mrs. hastings backed up , her teeth bared and her fists clenched . 
 `` when i come home tonight , i want you gone , '' she roared . 
 `` veronica - '' `` go ! '' 
 after a pregnant pause , her father did as she asked . 
 a moment later , his jaguar revved to life and he gunned his way out of the parking lot , leaving his family behind . 
 `` mom . '' 
 spencer reached for her mom 's shoulder . 
 `` leave me alone , '' her mother snapped , collapsing against the stone wall just outside the restaurant . 
 happy italian accordion music tinkled out through the outdoor speakers . 
 inside the restaurant , someone let out a high-pitched laugh . 
 `` i thought you knew , '' spencer said desperately . 
 `` i thought you found out about this the night ali went missing . 
 you seemed so distracted the next day , like you 'd done something awful . 
 i thought this was why we could n't ever talk about that night . '' 
 her mother whirled around , her eyes wild , her lipstick smudged . 
 `` you honestly think i could have killed that girl ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` am i really that much of a monster to you ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 spencer squeaked in a tiny voice . 
 `` i just - '' `` you just nothing , '' her mother growled , shaking a finger at her so violently , spencer took a couple of frightened steps back into the flower beds . 
 `` you know why i told you we should never talk about that night , spencer ? 
 because your best friend went missing . 
 because ali 's disappearance has taken over your life and you need to move on . 
 not because i murdered her ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 spencer wailed . 
 `` it was just that ... i mean , melissa could n't find you that night and she seemed so - '' `` i was out with friends , '' her mother boomed . 
 `` late . 
 and the only reason i even remember that is because the police asked me about it nearly fifty times over the next few days ! '' 
 there was a cough behind them . 
 melissa was crumpled next to a small topiary . 
 spencer grabbed her arm . 
 `` why did you tell dad over and over that you needed to find mom ? '' 
 melissa shook her head , baffled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you guys were at the door that night and you kept saying , ` we need to find mom . 
 we need to find mom . ' '' 
 melissa gaped at spencer helplessly . 
 then , her eyes doubled in size , the memory coming to her . 
 `` you mean when i asked dad about needing a ride to the airport to catch my flight to prague ? '' 
 she said weakly . 
 `` i knew i 'd be too hungover , but dad basically told me tough luck . 
 i should 've thought about that before getting drunk . '' 
 she blinked at spencer in bewilderment . 
 a family with a young girl got out of a minivan . 
 the husband and wife were holding hands , smiling at each other . 
 the girl stared curiously at spencer , her thumb in her mouth , before following her parents inside the restaurant . 
 `` but ... '' spencer felt dizzy . 
 the smell of olive oil floating from the restaurant was suddenly overpoweringly putrid . 
 she searched her sister 's stricken face . 
 `` you were n't fighting with dad because mom found out about the affair ? 
 you did n't run back to ian and say , ` my dad is having an affair with mrs. dilaurentis , and i think my mom went and did something horrible ' ? '' 
 `` ian ? '' 
 melissa interrupted , her eyebrows shooting up . 
 `` i never said that . 
 when did he tell you that ? '' 
 spencer ground to a halt . 
 `` today . 
 he said he 's been iming you , too . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 melissa exploded . 
 spencer clutched the sides of her head , feeling disoriented . 
 ian , melissa , and her mother 's words mixed together in a hazy swirl , twisting and blending until she had no idea what was the truth . 
 was spencer even iming ian at all ? 
 she 'd been iming someone who claimed he was ian , but did she really know for sure ? 
 `` but what about what you and mom have been whispering about all week ? '' 
 spencer begged , desperate to make sense of the situation , to justify what she 'd just done . 
 `` we were planning a special dinner for you . '' 
 her mom looked up , the fight suddenly draining from her voice . 
 melissa uttered a sigh of disgust and walked away . 
 `` andrew and kristen cullen are in there . 
 we were going to take you all to the new production of the importance of being earnest at the walnut street theater . '' 
 goose bumps rose on spencer 's arms . 
 her stomach roiled . 
 her family had been trying to show how much they loved her , and look what she 'd done . 
 tears began to cascade down spencer 's cheeks . 
 of course her mother had n't killed alison . 
 her mother had n't even known about the affair . 
 whoever had imed her had lied . 
 a shadow fell over her . 
 when she turned , she saw a gray-haired , stern-looking rosewood cop . 
 his gun gleamed in his belt . 
 `` miss hastings , '' the cop said , shaking his head solemnly . 
 `` you 're going to have to come with me . '' 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 spencer shrieked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it would be better if you did this quietly , '' the cop murmured . 
 wordlessly , he stepped in front of her , nudging her mother out of the way . 
 he pinned spencer 's hands behind her back , and she felt cold , hard metal on her wrists . 
 `` no ! '' 
 spencer cried . 
 it was happening so quickly . 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 her mother just stood there , mascara running down her cheeks , her mouth a small o. `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she begged the officer . 
 `` communicating with a criminal on the lam is a serious crime , '' he said . 
 `` conspiracy after the fact . 
 and we have the ims to prove it . '' 
 `` ims ? '' 
 spencer repeated , her heart sinking into her gut . 
 the ims from ian . 
 had one of the cops overheard what she just said to her family ? 
 had melissa run to the police and told on her ? 
 `` you do n't understand ! '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` i was n't conspiring with anyone ! 
 i do n't even think those ims are from ian ! '' 
 but the cop was n't paying any attention . 
 he opened the door to the backseat , placed a hand on spencer 's head , and shoved her inside . 
 he slammed his own door shut , then pulled out of the lot , sirens blaring , lights flashing , heading straight to the rosewood police station . 
 chapter 28 now who 's the crazy one ? 
 hanna skidded down the preserve hall past the cafeteria , arriving at the entrance to iris 's secret lair . 
 `` let me in , iris , '' she snarled . 
 she pressed her ear to the door , but there were n't any sounds from upstairs . 
 hanna had been looking for iris for the past hour , but iris seemed to have vanished . 
 she was n't in the theater watching ella enchanted with the other patients . 
 she was n't in the dining room , the gym , or the spa . 
 aggravated , hanna leaned against the locked door . 
 there were a few doodles on the jamb . 
 at the top left corner was the name courtney , iris 's old roommate . 
 next to courtney 's name was a winking smiley face . 
 hanna was dying to get back inside the attic and see the drawing of ali-she had no idea how she 'd missed it when she was up there . 
 hanna was sure iris knew ali , she just did n't know how . 
 from jason , perhaps ? 
 iris had said she 'd stayed at different facilities besides this one ; perhaps she 'd been at the radley , where jason had been treated . 
 she could have met ali when she came to visit her brother , instantly striking up a friendship that turned to jealousy . 
 the day after ali went missing , ali 's mom grilled them with questions they could n't answer . 
 did ali ever talk about anyone teasing her ? 
 certainly no one from rosewood would tease ali ... but someone from a mental hospital might . 
 when hanna and ali had been trying on clothes in her closet and ali had gotten that prank call , maybe it had been iris moaning on the other end , not jason . 
 perhaps iris was furious that ali was able to come and go from the hospital , whereas she was condemned inside . 
 or maybe iris was simply jealous that ali was ali . 
 she 's psychotic , tara had warned hanna in the hall a few days ago . 
 do n't cross her . 
 hanna should have listened . 
 and maybe ... just maybe ... iris had killed ali . 
 iris had told hanna that she 'd been out of the hospital at the exact same time ali had vanished . 
 hanna thought of that letter with the slash through it on ali 's time capsule flag-it might have been a j , but it also could 've been an i. for iris . 
 had a sent hanna to the preserve so she 'd learn about iris ... or was iris a , leading hanna right into her trap ? 
 she wants to hurt you , ali had said . 
 hanna jogged down the hall , her tory burch flip-flops smacking against the soles of her feet . 
 as she rounded the corner , a nurse stopped her . 
 `` no running , honey . '' 
 hanna paused , out of breath . 
 `` have you seen iris ? '' 
 the nurse shook her head . 
 `` no , but she 's probably watching the movie with the other girls . 
 why do n't you go in too ? 
 there 's popcorn ! '' 
 hanna wanted to smack the cheerful grin off her face . 
 `` we need to find iris . 
 it 's serious . '' 
 the nurse 's smile wilted a little . 
 there was a flicker of fear behind her eyes , as if hanna was a homicidal maniac . 
 then hanna spied a red phone on the wall . 
 `` can i use that ? '' 
 hanna begged . 
 she could call the rosewood pd and tell them everything . 
 `` sorry , sweetie , but that phone is switched off until four p.m. on sunday . 
 you know the rules . '' 
 the nurse gently took hanna 's elbow and began guiding her back toward the patient rooms . 
 `` why do n't you get some rest ? 
 betsy can bring you an aromatherapy eye mask . '' 
 hanna wrenched away . 
 `` i. need . 
 to . 
 find . 
 iris . 
 she 's a killer . 
 she wants to hurt me , too ! '' 
 `` honey ... '' the nurse 's gaze flickered to the red emergency button on the wall . 
 staff could press it to summon help with a patient disturbance . 
 `` hanna ? '' 
 hanna spun around . 
 iris stood about ten paces away , leaning casually against the water bubbler . 
 her blond hair gleamed , her teeth so white they almost looked blue . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 hanna whispered , walking toward her . 
 iris pursed her ultra-red lips . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i 'm iris . 
 and i 'm fabulous . '' 
 a bolt of electricity slashed through hanna 's chest as iris parroted ali 's old mantra . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she repeated , louder . 
 the nurse swept forward and stepped between them . 
 `` hanna , honey , you seem really excited . 
 let 's just calm down . '' 
 but hanna did n't listen . 
 she stared into iris 's wide , glowing eyes . 
 `` how do you know alison ? '' 
 she cried . 
 `` were you in the hospital with her brother ? 
 did you kill her ? 
 are you a ? '' 
 `` alison ? '' 
 iris chirped . 
 `` that friend of yours who was murdered ? 
 the one you told me you wanted dead ? 
 the one you thought got what she deserved ? '' 
 hanna backed up , keenly aware that the nurse was still standing right behind her . 
 a few stunned seconds crept by . 
 `` i was just ... talking . 
 it 's not true . 
 and i told you that in confidence . 
 when i thought we were friends . '' 
 iris threw her head back in cruel laughter . 
 `` friends ! '' 
 she hooted , as if it was the punch line to a joke . 
 her laughter made hanna 's hands quiver . 
 this was all painfully familiar . 
 ali laughed just like this when she teased hanna about overeating . 
 mona laughed like this when hanna 's too-small sweet seventeen court dress ripped and split its seams on the dance floor . 
 hanna was everyone 's punch line . 
 the girl everyone loved to ruin . 
 `` tell me how you knew alison , '' hanna growled . 
 `` who ? '' 
 iris teased . 
 `` tell me how you knew her ! '' 
 iris giggled . 
 `` i have no idea who you 're talking about . '' 
 something inside hanna stirred , struggled , and then broke free . 
 just as hanna lunged for iris , a loud boom sounded behind them . 
 a bunch of nurses and guards burst through a side door , and two strong arms grabbed hanna from behind . 
 `` get her out of here , '' yelled a voice . 
 someone dragged hanna into the hallway and pressed her up against the far wall . 
 searing pain shot through her shoulder . 
 hanna kicked her bare legs , fighting to get free . 
 `` let go of me ! 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 a security guard swam into view . 
 `` that 's enough , '' he snarled . 
 there was a click , and then hanna felt hard metal handcuffs close around her wrists . 
 `` i 'm not the one you want ! '' 
 hanna screamed frantically . 
 `` it 's iris ! 
 she 's a killer ! '' 
 `` hanna , '' the nurse scolded sharply . 
 `` why is n't anyone listening to me ? '' 
 the guards began to push her down the hall . 
 every other patient in the ward was standing outside the theater room , gaping at the commotion . 
 tara looked thrilled . 
 alexis had her knuckles in her mouth . 
 ruby looked hanna up and down , giggling . 
 hanna twisted around and stared at iris . 
 `` how do you know alison ? '' 
 but iris just gave a mysterious smile . 
 the guards marched hanna through a door and down an unfamiliar hallway . 
 the vinyl floors were dingy , and the overhead fluorescent lights snapped and buzzed . 
 there was a strange smell in the air , too , kind of like something in the walls was decaying . 
 a tall figure in a police uniform came into view at the end of the hall . 
 he calmly watched as the guards dragged hanna to him . 
 as they got closer , hanna realized it was the rosewood chief of police . 
 her heart lifted . 
 finally , someone who would listen to her ! 
 `` hello , miss marin , '' the chief said . 
 hanna breathed a sigh of relief . 
 `` i was just going to call you , '' she blurted . 
 `` thank god you came . 
 ali 's killer is here . 
 i can lead you right to her . '' 
 the chief chuckled reproachfully , looking almost amused . 
 `` lead me right to her ? 
 that 's a good one , ms. marin . '' 
 he leaned down until his face was parallel with hers . 
 his skin glowed red under the neon exit sign . 
 `` considering that you 're under arrest . '' 
 chapter 29 master of puppets when they reached the rosewood police station , the cop undid aria 's cuffs and showed her into a dark interrogation room . 
 `` we 'll be back for you later . '' 
 aria stumbled inside , her hip banging against the sharp edge of a wooden table . 
 slowly , her eyes adjusted . 
 the room was small and windowless and reeked of sweat . 
 four chairs surrounded the table . 
 aria dropped into one of them and started to cry silently . 
 the door squeaked , and someone else staggered into the room . 
 it was a girl with long , auburn hair and thin legs . 
 she wore a pair of black yoga pants , a long-sleeved striped t-shirt , and gold flats . 
 aria shot to her feet . 
 `` hanna ? '' 
 she cried . 
 hanna slowly raised her head . 
 `` oh , '' she said in a numb , subdued voice . 
 `` hi . '' 
 her eyes were glazed over . 
 there was a small cut near her mouth . 
 her eyes darted to and fro . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 aria gasped . 
 hanna 's lips parted slowly . 
 a sarcastic smile flickered across her face . 
 `` same reason you are . 
 apparently we were part of some conspiracy to kill ali . 
 we helped ian escape and obstructed justice . '' 
 aria clutched the sides of her head . 
 could this really be happening ? 
 how could the cops believe such a thing ? 
 before she could answer , the door opened again . 
 two more people were thrust inside . 
 spencer wore a green sheath and tall black heels , while emily had on a prairie dress , thin leather shoes , and a small white skullcap . 
 aria gaped at them in astonishment . 
 they stared back . 
 for a moment , everyone was speechless . 
 `` they think we did it , '' emily whispered , walking to the table . 
 `` they think we killed ali . '' 
 `` the cops found out about ian 's ims , '' spencer admitted . 
 `` i talked to him online earlier today . 
 and they thought ... well , they thought we were conspiring together . 
 but , guys ... i 'm not sure it is ian we were talking to . 
 i think it 's a. '' `` but you swore it was ian ! '' 
 aria spouted . 
 `` i thought it was , '' spencer said defensively . 
 `` but now i 'm not sure . '' 
 she pointed at aria . 
 `` the cops said they know about ian 's ring . 
 did you give it to them ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 aria cried . 
 `` but maybe i should have . 
 they thought i was keeping this huge secret . '' 
 `` how could they have known about ian 's ring ? '' 
 hanna wondered aloud , her eyes fixed on a black stain on the linoleum floor . 
 `` jason dilaurentis was at the cemetery , '' aria said . 
 `` the cop said he told them , but jason claimed he did n't . 
 i do n't know what to think . 
 i have no idea how jason could 've known about the ring . '' 
 she thought of the other thing jason said after aria exposed that he 'd been a mental patient . 
 you 've got it all wrong . 
 what did she have wrong ? 
 `` maybe wilden told him , '' hanna whispered . 
 `` he could have heard us talking at the hospital . 
 he was outside the room . '' 
 aria slumped in her chair and watched as a spider climbed industriously up the gray cinder-block wall . 
 `` that does n't even make any sense , '' spencer piped up . 
 `` wilden 's a cop . 
 he would n't tell jason-he 'd just handle it on his own . '' 
 `` and why would wilden wait days to ambush me ? '' 
 aria added . 
 `` besides , i thought wilden was on our side . '' 
 emily snorted . 
 `` right . '' 
 aria glanced at emily , really taking in her bizarre outfit . 
 `` what on earth are you wearing ? '' 
 emily bit her chapped lip . 
 `` a sent me to an amish commune and then told me to get the dna report from the evidence room . '' 
 her green eyes were wide . 
 `` some cop found me before i could get inside . '' 
 aria squeezed her eyes shut . 
 no wonder the cops thought they were guilty . 
 they probably figured emily was tampering with evidence . 
 `` but , guys , wilden is lying about the dna of the body in the hole , '' emily went on . 
 `` it 's not ali-it 's an amish girl named leah zook . '' 
 spencer 's mouth fell open . 
 `` you still think ali is alive ? '' 
 `` i saw her , '' emily said , shrinking against the wall . 
 `` i know it sounds crazy , but i did , spencer . 
 i ca n't let this go . 
 i tried to tell the cops , but they would n't listen . '' 
 spencer snorted . 
 `` of course they did n't listen . '' 
 aria wrinkled her nose . 
 `` emily , it was definitely ali in that hole . 
 ali killed herself . 
 that 's what a helped me to figure out . '' 
 spencer whirled around and stared at aria . 
 `` is this what the psychic told you ? '' 
 `` it might be true , '' aria protested . 
 `` it 's as good a theory as anything else . '' 
 `` no , a crazy girl named iris killed ali , '' hanna inserted loudly , trying to smooth her tangles . 
 `` a sent me right to her . '' 
 then everyone looked at spencer , waiting to see what her theory was . 
 there were goose bumps on spencer 's arms . 
 `` a told me my mom killed ali because ... well , because my dad had an affair with ali 's mom . 
 ali 's my sister . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 aria gasped . 
 emily just stared . 
 hanna looked disgusted , like she might throw up into the dented metal trash can in the corner . 
 `` but my mom did n't do it , '' spencer explained . 
 `` she did n't even know about the affair . 
 i probably ruined my parents ' marriage . 
 a was just ... messing with me . 
 i think a messed with all of us . '' 
 everyone stiffened . 
 the realization hit aria like a heavy boxing glove to her temple . 
 a had messed with all of them . 
 a was behind all of this . 
 jason had n't told the cops about ian 's ring-a had . 
 maybe a had even planted it in the woods so aria would find it . 
 a had sent emily to look for the dna report in the evidence room , only to report her to the on-duty cop . 
 a told the police about ian 's ims , too , making it look like they 'd conspired with him . 
 a had been toying with them all along , pulling all the strings . 
 and now they were in jail for a murder they did n't commit . 
 aria gazed around at the others . 
 by the stunned looks on their faces , it seemed like they 'd just come to the same conclusion . 
 `` a 's our worst enemy , '' she whispered . 
 she patted her pocket , reaching for her cell phone . 
 surely a had sent them a group text to show just how gullible and stupid they all were . 
 gotcha ! 
 it probably said . 
 or , who 's laughing now ! 
 but then aria remembered-the cops had confiscated all their phones . 
 if a had sent them a message , they would n't get it . 
 chapter 30 free at last about thirty minutes later , there was a knock on the holding-cell doors . 
 all the girls jumped . 
 emily 's heart catapulted to her throat . 
 this was it . 
 they were going to be interrogated ... and then they were going to jail . 
 a woman police officer peered into the room . 
 there were purple circles under her eyes and a coffee stain on the chest of her uniform shirt . 
 `` get your things , girls . 
 you 're being released . '' 
 everyone fell silent , stunned . 
 then emily collapsed with relief . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` did you find a ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 hanna said at the same time . 
 the cop 's expression was stony . 
 `` all charges against you are dropped . '' 
 but there was an uncomfortable look on her face , like there was something else she wanted to say . 
 `` let 's just say circumstances have changed . '' 
 emily followed the others out of the room , working the words over in her mind . 
 circumstances have changed ? 
 that could mean only one thing . 
 her heart leapt . 
 `` that body in the hole was n't ali 's , right ? '' 
 she cried . 
 `` you found her ! '' 
 so they had been listening when she told them that wilden was a murderer ! 
 spencer nudged emily 's ribs . 
 `` would you shut up about that ? '' 
 `` no , '' emily snapped . 
 a might have sent them to jail , but emily 's theory was still right . 
 she knew it at the bottom of her heart . 
 she turned back to the cop , who was walking briskly down the hall . 
 `` is ali okay ? 
 is she safe ? '' 
 `` you girls are going home , '' the cop answered . 
 her keys jingled on her belt . 
 `` that 's all i can tell you . '' 
 they received their personal items from another officer at the front desk . 
 emily immediately checked her phone , thinking that perhaps ali had texted , but there were no new messages . 
 not even a derisive note from a , laughing that emily had walked right into the trap . 
 the female cop hit a buzzer , and double doors opened to the parking lot . 
 it was crammed with police cars and news vans . 
 emily had n't seen so much commotion since the fire in the woods . 
 `` emily , '' a voice said . 
 darren wilden ran at them from across the dark parking lot , his quilted police jacket flapping open . 
 `` good . 
 they let you out . 
 i 'm sorry about this . '' 
 emily recoiled , her heart jumping to her throat . 
 why was wilden here ? 
 should n't he be arrested ? 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 aria demanded , stopping near an empty patrol car . 
 `` why did they suddenly set us free ? '' 
 wilden guided them away from the crowd , not answering . 
 `` just be glad you 're out of this mess . 
 we 're getting guys to escort you home . '' 
 emily planted her feet . 
 `` i know what you did , '' she said in a low voice . 
 `` and i 'm going to make sure everyone else knows it too . '' 
 wilden swiveled around , staring at her . 
 his walkie-talkie made a noise , but he ignored it . 
 finally , he sighed . 
 `` what you think you know is n't true , emily . 
 i know you went to lancaster . 
 and i know what you were led to believe . 
 but i did n't hurt leah . 
 i 'd never do that . '' 
 the blood drained from emily 's head . 
 `` what ? 
 how do you know where i was ? '' 
 wilden stared at the glowing parking space lines in the lot . 
 `` you guys were right about your new a. i should have listened . '' 
 aria stomped her foot . 
 `` oh , now you believe us ? 
 why could n't you have listened last week , maybe before we were almost fried alive in a forest fire ? '' 
 `` and before a sent me to the preserve at addison-stevens ! '' 
 hanna wailed . 
 `` i was locked up with crazy people ! '' 
 emily shot up . 
 the preserve at addison-stevens . 
 that name was in ali 's evidence file . 
 it was a mental hospital ? 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't believe you guys , '' wilden was saying , striding past a chain-link fence . 
 behind it were unused police vehicles and a large white school bus . 
 `` it was a mistake . 
 but we know everything now . 
 we have all the notes he sent you . '' 
 the girls stopped dead . 
 `` he ? '' 
 spencer squeaked . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 hanna whispered . 
 `` ian ? '' 
 just then , another police car wailed into the lot . 
 policemen ran over and started to pull someone out of the backseat . 
 there were shouts , and then a kicking leg , then a flash of teeth . 
 the cops finally managed to get whoever it was out of the car and began marching him toward the station . 
 when there was a break in action , emily saw a tall , lanky man with greasy blond hair and a moustache . 
 her stomach curdled . 
 there was a worried crinkle between spencer 's eyes . 
 `` why does he look familiar ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` i do n't know , '' emily whispered , her mind frantically searching . 
 members of the press rushed to the cops and started snapping pictures . 
 `` how long have you been planning this , mr. ford ? '' 
 they screamed . 
 `` what made you do it ? '' 
 and finally , rising above the rest , `` why did you kill alison ? '' 
 aria grabbed emily 's hand hard . 
 emily 's knees went weak . 
 `` what did they say ? '' 
 `` he killed alison , '' spencer murmured . 
 `` that guy killed alison . '' 
 `` but who is he ? '' 
 hanna blurted . 
 `` come on , '' wilden said gruffly , shoving them away . 
 `` you should n't see this . '' 
 none of the girls could move . 
 the man 's untied shoelace dragged along the pavement as the cops shoved him toward the station . 
 his head was hung low , exposing a bald patch . 
 emily raked her nails up the side of her arms . 
 ali was ... dead ? 
 what about leah ? 
 what about the girl emily had seen in the woods ? 
 the reporters kept screaming , their voices blurring incoherently . 
 then one reporter shouted louder than the others . 
 `` and what about the body that was just found ? 
 are you responsible for that murder , too ? '' 
 hanna turned to wilden . 
 `` another murder ? '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 emily 's insides turned to mush . 
 `` girls , '' wilden said sternly . 
 `` come on . '' 
 by now , ali 's alleged killer was at the front steps , only twenty or so feet away from emily . 
 he noticed emily and smiled lewdly , revealing a gold front tooth . 
 electricity crackled in emily 's veins . 
 she knew that smile . 
 nearly four years ago , workers began pouring concrete into the hole in the dilaurentises ' backyard the day after ali went missing . 
 wilden had been there ... but so had a lot of other guys , too . 
 after mrs. dilaurentis interrogated them , emily cut through ali 's backyard to the woods . 
 one of the workers turned and leered at her . 
 he 'd been tall and lanky , and when he smiled , he 'd had that same horrible gold front tooth . 
 emily turned to spencer , aghast . 
 `` that guy was one of the workers who filled in the gazebo hole the day after ali went missing . 
 i remember him . '' 
 spencer was very pale . 
 `` i saw him a few days ago . 
 on my street . '' 
 chapter 31 the very good and the very evil four junior rosewood cops arrived to escort spencer and the others home . 
 spencer climbed into the back of the cruiser that would drive her back , choking on the smell of fake car leather , vomit , and sweat . 
 a dark-haired cop slid into the front seat , started the engine , and pulled to the exit . 
 out the window , the press was clamoring at the police station door , eager for another glimpse of the killer . 
 spencer stared hard at the windows in front of the police station . 
 all the blinds were shut tight . 
 could that guy really have done it ? 
 he was such a stranger , an outsider . 
 it seemed so out of the blue . 
 she wrapped her fingers around the metal cage separating the front seat from the back . 
 `` who else did that guy kill ? '' 
 she called . 
 the cop did n't answer . 
 `` how did you find out he killed ali ? '' 
 she tried . 
 he merely turned up his cb radio . 
 frustrated , spencer kicked the back of his seat hard . 
 `` are you deaf ? '' 
 the cop gave her a chilling glare in the rearview mirror . 
 `` my orders are to bring you home . 
 that 's all . '' 
 spencer let out a small whimper . 
 she was n't exactly sure she wanted to go home . 
 what kind of state would her house be in right now ? 
 was her dad still there ? 
 had he fled to be with mrs. dilaurentis ? 
 it was all so surreal and unthinkable . 
 spencer was certain that within minutes , she 'd wake up in her bed , discovering it was just a dream . 
 but another minute passed . 
 and another , and she was still here , living her worst nightmare . 
 all of a sudden , she realized something . 
 when her mother begged her dad to admit the truth , he 'd blurted , i did n't know about the kids until later . 
 he 'd said kids , not kid . 
 was that a mistake ... or a slip ? 
 was jason her father 's child-and spencer 's half brother-too ? 
 they passed downtown rosewood , a quaint , brick-paved shopping district full of chic furniture stores , antique shops , and homemade-ice cream parlors . 
 spencer plunged her hand into her gold kate spade satchel and found her sidekick at the bottom . 
 amazingly , there were no new texts from a . 
 she called her house . 
 the phone rang and rang , but there was no answer . 
 then , she typed cnn 's web address on the keypad . 
 officer tight lips might not tell her anything , but the news would . 
 sure enough , the top story was about how there had been a new arrest in the alison dilaurentis murder case . 
 pretty little liars exonerated , the subhead added . 
 spencer quickly clicked on a live video feed . 
 a dark-haired reporter was standing in front of the ali shrine , the collection of photos , candles , flowers , and stuffed animals on the curb of the dilaurentises ' old house . 
 police lights blinked behind her . 
 her eyes were red-rimmed , as if she 'd been crying . 
 `` the saga of alison dilaurentis 's murder has finally ended , '' the reporter announced gravely . 
 `` a man has just been arrested for alison 's murder on the basis of overwhelming evidence . '' 
 a blurry black-and-white photo of the greasy blond man flashed on the screen . 
 he was lurking in a convenience store parking lot , drinking a can of beer . 
 his name was billy ford . 
 like emily suspected , he 'd been part of the crew that had dug the hole for the dilaurentises ' gazebo almost four years ago . 
 investigators now thought he 'd stalked her . 
 spencer shut her eyes , gripped with guilt . 
 thank god the workers are n't here , ali had said when they passed the half-dug hole on the night of their seventh-grade sleepover . 
 they keep harassing me . 
 at the time , spencer had thought ali was bragging : ha ha , even older guys think i 'm hot . 
 meanwhile ... `` after another body was found earlier this evening , '' the reporter was saying , `` police received a tip that the deaths might be connected . 
 their investigation led them to mr. ford , and they found photos of ms. dilaurentis on a laptop in his truck . 
 also on the laptop were pictures of the foursome now known as the pretty little liars-spencer hastings , aria montgomery , hanna marin , and emily fields . '' 
 spencer bit down hard on her fist . 
 `` also found in the car were records of correspondence in the form of text messages , photo messages , and ims under the handle uscmidfielderroxx , '' the reporter continued . 
 spencer pressed her forehead against the cool window glass , watching the trees blur past . 
 uscmidfielderroxx was ian 's im . 
 the shadowy memory from the night ali was murdered flooded her mind . 
 after spencer and ali had gotten in a fight outside the barn , ali ran off into the thicket . 
 there had been a signature giggle , rustling sounds , and then spencer had seen two distinct shapes . 
 ali ... and someone else . 
 i saw two blonds in the woods , ian had told spencer when he 'd accosted her on her porch , pleading that he was innocent . 
 spencer stared at the photo of the man on her cell phone 's tiny screen . 
 billy had blond hair . 
 and he was new a , sending each of them texts that blamed jason , wilden , and even spencer 's mom . 
 but how did he know so much about all of them ? 
 who was he ? 
 why did he care ? 
 her cell screen flashed white . 
 new text message . 
 spencer grappled with the keyboard and pressed read . 
 it was from andrew campbell , spencer 's boyfriend . 
 i heard about jail ... and that you were released . 
 are you okay ? 
 are you home ? 
 do you know what 's happening on your street ? 
 spencer sat back in the seat , the streetlights whizzing past outside the window . 
 what did he mean , on her street ? 
 another text popped in her inbox . 
 this one was from aria . 
 what 's going on ? 
 your road is blocked off . 
 there are police cars everywhere . 
 a horrible idea began to form . 
 the radio had said there was another murder . 
 the police car made a wide left turn onto her street . 
 at least ten vehicles were jackknifed across the road , blue lights flashing . 
 neighbors stood on their yards , their faces slack . 
 police officers moved in and out of the shadows . 
 they were right in front of spencer 's house . 
 melissa . 
 `` oh my god , '' spencer cried . 
 she pulled at the door and leapt out of the car . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 her driver growled . 
 `` you 're not allowed out until we 're in your driveway ! '' 
 but spencer did n't listen . 
 she sprinted toward the flashing lights , her limbs aching . 
 her house was ahead . 
 she passed through the front gate and up the long drive . 
 all sound disappeared . 
 shapes blurred in front of her . 
 she could taste bile at the back of her throat . 
 then she saw a figure on the front porch , her body in silhouette . 
 she shaded her hand over her forehead , squinting in the bright porch light . 
 her knees buckled . 
 a relieved wail gurgled from her throat . 
 she sank to the grass . 
 melissa ran toward her and engulfed her in a hug . 
 `` oh , spence , it 's so awful . '' 
 spencer trembled . 
 the sirens rang in her ears . 
 a couple of neighborhood dogs howled along , disoriented and scared . 
 `` it 's so terrible , '' melissa sobbed on spencer 's shoulder . 
 `` that poor girl . '' 
 spencer stepped back . 
 the air was frigid and sharp . 
 the smell of the fire was still pungent and suffocating . 
 `` what girl ? '' 
 melissa 's jaw twitched . 
 she grabbed spencer 's hand . 
 `` oh , spence . 
 you do n't know ? '' 
 then she gestured toward the sidewalk . 
 the police were n't surrounding their house but the cavanaughs ' across the street . 
 yellow police tape covered the cavanaughs ' entire backyard . 
 mrs. cavanaugh stood in the driveway , screaming in agony . 
 a german shepherd in a blue vest stood next to her , sniffing the ground . 
 a small shrine had already begun at the curb , rife with pictures and candles and flowers . 
 when spencer saw the name written in pale green chalk on the pavement , she lurched back . 
 `` no . '' 
 spencer looked at melissa imploringly , hoping this was a dream . 
 `` no ! '' 
 and then she understood . 
 a few days ago , she 'd gazed out her bedroom window and seen a greasy-haired man dressed in a plumber 's jumpsuit lope up the cavanaughs ' driveway . 
 he 'd given a beautiful girl a predatory look , revealing a gleaming gold front tooth . 
 but the girl had n't seen his look . 
 she had n't known to be afraid . 
 she could n't see anything ... ever . 
 spencer turned to melissa in horror . 
 `` jenna ? '' 
 melissa nodded , tears spilling down her cheeks . 
 `` they found her in a trench in her backyard , where plumbers were replacing one of the burst pipes , '' she said . 
 `` he killed her just like he killed ali . '' 
