 hit and run ever told a lie to save yourself ? 
 maybe you blamed the dent in your parents ' mercedes on your brother so you could still go to the spring formal . 
 maybe you told your algebra teacher you were n't part of the group of kids who cheated on the midterm , even though you were the one who stole the answer key from her desk . 
 you are n't normally a dishonest person , of course . 
 but desperate times call for desperate measures . 
 four pretty girls in rosewood told some very dark lies to protect themselves . 
 one of those lies even involved walking away from a crime just miles from their home . 
 even though they hated themselves for leaving the scene , they thought no one would ever know about it . 
 guess what . 
 they were wrong . 
 it had been raining for eight days straight at the end of june in rosewood , pennsylvania , a wealthy , idyllic suburb about twenty miles from philadelphia , and everyone was beyond fed up . 
 the rain had drowned perfectly manicured lawns and the first blooms in organic vegetable gardens , turning everything to mud . 
 it had waterlogged golf course sand traps , little league baseball fields , and the rosewood peach orchard , which had been ramping up for its beginning-of-summer bash . 
 the first sidewalk chalk drawings of the season swirled down the gutter , lost dog signs turned to pulp , and a single wilted bouquet on the cemetery plot containing the remains of a certain beautiful girl everyone thought was named alison dilaurentis washed away . 
 people said such biblical rain would surely bring bad luck in the coming year . 
 that was n't welcome news for spencer hastings , aria montgomery , emily fields , and hanna marin , who 'd already had more bad luck than they could handle . 
 no matter how fast the windshield wipers on aria 's subaru swept across the glass , they could n't brush off the driving rain quickly enough . 
 aria squinted through the windshield as she headed down reeds lane , a twisty road that bordered thick , dark woods and the morrell stream-a bubbling creek that would most likely flood within the hour . 
 even though there were upscale developments a stone 's throw away over the hill , this road was pitch-black , without a single streetlight to guide them . 
 then spencer pointed at something ahead . 
 `` is that it ? '' 
 aria hit the brakes and nearly hydroplaned into a speed limit sign . 
 emily , who looked tired-she was getting ready to start a summer program at temple-peered through the window . 
 `` where ? 
 i do n't see anything . '' 
 `` there are lights near the creek . '' 
 spencer was already unbuckling her seat belt and springing out of the car . 
 the rain soaked her immediately , and she wished she 'd worn something warmer than a tank top and workout shorts . 
 before aria had picked her up , she 'd been running on the treadmill in preparation for this year 's field hockey season-she hoped she 'd be an early decision shoo-in for princeton after completing the five ap classes she was set to start taking at penn , but she also wanted to be rosewood day 's star field hockey player to get that extra edge . 
 spencer climbed over the guardrail and peered down the hill . 
 when she let out a little scream , aria and emily looked at each other , then bounded out of the car , too . 
 they pulled their raincoat hoods over their heads and followed spencer down the embankment . 
 yellow headlights shone over the raging creek . 
 a bmw station wagon was t-boned into a tree . 
 the front end was smashed and the airbag dangled limply on the passenger side , but the engine was still humming . 
 windshield glass littered the forest floor , and the odor of gasoline eclipsed the smell of mud and wet leaves . 
 near the headlights was a slight , auburn-haired figure staring dazedly around as though she had no idea how she 'd gotten there . 
 `` hanna ! '' 
 aria yelled . 
 she ran down the slope to her . 
 hanna had called them all in a panic just a half hour before , saying she 'd been in a crash and needed their help . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 emily touched hanna 's arm . 
 her bare skin was slick with rain and covered in tiny shards of glass from the windshield . 
 `` i think i 'm okay . '' 
 hanna wiped the rain from her eyes . 
 `` it all happened so fast . 
 this car came out of nowhere , knocking me out of the lane . 
 but i do n't know about ... her . '' 
 her gaze drifted to the car . 
 there was a girl slumped in the passenger seat . 
 her eyes were closed , and her body was motionless . 
 she had clear skin , high cheekbones , and long eyelashes . 
 her lips were pretty and bow-shaped , and there was a small mole on her chin . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 spencer asked cautiously . 
 hanna had n't mentioned that anyone was with her . 
 `` her name 's madison , '' hanna answered , brushing off a wet leaf that had just blown against her cheek . 
 she had to scream over the sound of the pounding rain , which was so violent it was almost like hail . 
 `` i just met her tonight-this is her car . 
 she was really drunk , and i offered to drive her home . 
 she lives somewhere around here , i guess-she gave me directions piecemeal , and she seemed really out of it . 
 does she look familiar to any of you ? '' 
 everyone shook their heads , slack-jawed . 
 then aria frowned . 
 `` where did you meet her ? '' 
 hanna lowered her eyes . 
 `` the cabana . '' 
 she sounded sheepish . 
 `` it 's a bar on south street . '' 
 the others exchanged a surprised look . 
 hanna was n't one to turn down a cosmopolitan at a party , but she was n't the type to go to a dive bar alone . 
 then again , they all needed to blow off some steam . 
 not only had they been tortured the previous year by two stalkers using the alias a-first mona vanderwaal , hanna 's best friend , and then the real alison dilaurentis-but they were also sharing a terrible secret from spring break a few months before . 
 they 'd all thought real ali had died in a fire in the poconos , but then she 'd appeared in jamaica to kill them once and for all . 
 the girls had confronted her on the roof deck at the resort , and when ali had lunged at hanna , aria had stepped forward and pushed her over the side . 
 when they ran to the beach to find her body , it was gone . 
 the memory haunted each of them every day . 
 hanna wrenched the passenger door open . 
 `` i used her phone to call for an ambulance-it 'll be here soon . 
 you guys have to help me move her to the driver 's seat . '' 
 emily stepped back and raised her eyebrows . 
 `` wait . 
 what ? '' 
 `` hanna , we ca n't do that , '' spencer said at the same time . 
 hanna 's eyes flashed . 
 `` look , this was n't my fault . 
 i was n't drunk , but i did nurse a drink all night . 
 if i stay here and admit i was driving , i 'll definitely get arrested . 
 i might have gotten away with stealing and crashing a car once , but the cops wo n't go easy on me a second time . '' 
 last year , she 'd drunkenly stolen her old boyfriend sean ackard 's car and smashed it into a tree . 
 mr. ackard had decided not to press charges , and hanna had done community service instead . 
 `` i could go to jail , '' hanna went on . 
 `` do n't you realize how that would look ? 
 my dad 's campaign will be ruined before it even begins . '' 
 hanna 's father was running for senator in the fall ; his campaign was already all over the news . 
 `` i ca n't let him down again . '' 
 the rain fell relentlessly . 
 spencer let out an awkward cough . 
 aria chewed on her lip , her eyes drifting to the motionless girl . 
 emily shifted her weight . 
 `` but what if she 's really hurt ? 
 what if moving her makes things worse ? '' 
 `` and then what do we do ? '' 
 aria added . 
 `` just ... abandon her ? 
 that seems so ... wrong . '' 
 hanna stared at them in disbelief . 
 then , setting her jaw , she turned back to the girl . 
 `` it 's not like we 're leaving her here for days . 
 and i do n't think she 's hurt at all-it seems like she 's just passed-out drunk . 
 but if you do n't want to help me , i 'll just do it myself . '' 
 she squatted down and tried to lift the girl by the armpits . 
 the girl 's body tilted awkwardly to the side like a heavy sack of flour , but she still did n't stir . 
 grunting , hanna planted her feet and hoisted the girl upright again . 
 then she began to shift her across the center console and into the driver 's seat . 
 `` do n't do it like that , '' emily blurted , stepping forward . 
 `` we have to keep her neck stable , in case there 's any damage to her spine . 
 we need to find a blanket or a towel , something to keep her neck steady . '' 
 hanna eased the girl back down into the seat , then peered into the back of the station wagon . 
 there was a towel in the footwell . 
 she grabbed it , rolled it up , and wound it around the girl 's neck like a scarf . 
 for a moment , hanna looked up . 
 the moon had drifted out from behind a cloud and momentarily lit up the road , and the whole forest was alive with movement . 
 the trees swayed violently in the wind . 
 as a flash of lightning turned the sky white , all of them swore they saw something move near the creek bed . 
 an animal , maybe . 
 `` it will probably be easier for us to carry her around the outside of the car instead of trying to shift her from the inside , '' emily said . 
 `` han , you take her under the arms , and i 'll take her feet . '' 
 spencer stepped forward . 
 `` i 'll get her around the middle . '' 
 aria reluctantly peered into the car , then grabbed an umbrella from the backseat . 
 `` she probably should n't get wet . '' 
 hanna looked at all of them gratefully . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 together , hanna , spencer , and emily lifted the girl out of the passenger side of the car and slowly shuffled her around the back and toward the driver 's seat . 
 aria held an umbrella over the girl 's body so that not a drop of rain hit her skin . 
 they could barely see through the driving storm , having to blink every few seconds to keep the rain out of their eyes . 
 and then , halfway around the back , it happened : spencer 's feet slipped in the quicksandlike mud and she lost her grip on the girl . 
 madison tilted violently inward , her head banging against the bumper . 
 there was a snap-maybe of a tree limb , but maybe of bone . 
 emily tried to bear the brunt of madison 's weight , but she slipped , too , jostling madison 's limp , fragile body even more . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 hanna screamed . 
 `` hold her up ! '' 
 aria 's hands wobbled as she tried to hold the umbrella steady . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 `` i-i do n't know , '' emily gasped . 
 she glared at spencer . 
 `` were n't you watching where you were going ? '' 
 `` it 's not like i meant to do it ! '' 
 spencer stared into madison 's face . 
 that snap resonated in her mind . 
 was the girl 's neck now tilting at an unnatural angle ? 
 an ambulance wailed in the distance . 
 the girls stared at one another in horror , then started shuffling faster . 
 aria yanked the driver 's - side door open . 
 the key was still in the ignition , and the left-turn signal was blinking . 
 hanna , spencer , and emily moved the airbag aside and set the girl down in the buttery leather seat behind the wheel . 
 her body listed to the right . 
 her eyes were still sealed shut , and the expression on her face was placid . 
 emily let out a whimper . 
 `` maybe we should stay here . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 hanna screamed . 
 `` what if we did hurt her ? 
 we look even guiltier now ! '' 
 the sirens grew louder . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 hanna grabbed her purse from the backseat and slammed the driver 's - side door hard . 
 spencer shut the passenger door . 
 they scrambled up the hill and dove into aria 's car just as the ambulance appeared on the ridge . 
 emily got in the car last . 
 `` go ! '' 
 hanna screamed . 
 aria jammed her key in the subaru 's ignition , and the car sputtered to life . 
 she did a quick three-point turn and sped away . 
 `` oh my god , oh my god , '' emily sobbed . 
 `` keep driving , '' spencer growled , peering out the back window at the whirling lights on top of the ambulance . 
 two emts jumped out of the ambulance and carefully maneuvered down the hill . 
 `` we ca n't let them see us . '' 
 hanna swiveled around and stared out the window . 
 all kinds of emotions knifed through her . 
 relief , definitely-at least madison would get help . 
 but the regret was like a vise around her throat . 
 had moving madison made her worse ? 
 what had just happened ? 
 a low sob burst from her lips . 
 she put her head in her hands and felt the tears come . 
 emily started crying , too . 
 so did aria . 
 `` stop it , guys , '' spencer snapped , though tears were running down her cheeks as well . 
 `` the emts will take care of her . 
 she 's probably fine . '' 
 `` but what if she 's not fine ? '' 
 aria cried . 
 `` what if we paralyzed her ? '' 
 `` i was just trying to do the right thing by driving her home ! '' 
 hanna moaned . 
 `` we know . '' 
 emily hugged her tight . 
 `` we know . '' 
 as the subaru wound around the hairpin turns , there was something else everyone wanted to say but did n't dare : at least no one will know about this . 
 the accident had happened on a desolate stretch of road . 
 they 'd gotten away from the accident before anyone had seen . 
 they were safe . 
 the girls waited for the accident to hit the news : car careens off embankment on reeds lane , they imagined the headlines would read . 
 the story might recount the girl 's high blood-alcohol level and how badly the car had been smashed up . 
 but what else would the reporters say ? 
 what if madison was paralyzed ? 
 what if she remembered she had n't been driving , or even remembered the girls moving her ? 
 all the next day , each of them sat by the tv , checked their phones for breaking news , and kept the radio on low , on alert . 
 but no news came . 
 a day passed , and then another . 
 still nothing . 
 it was like the crash had never happened . 
 on the third morning , hanna got in her car and drove slowly down reeds lane , wondering if she 'd imagined the whole thing . 
 but no , there was the bent guardrail . 
 there were the skid marks in the mud and a few shards of glass on the forest floor . 
 `` maybe her family was really embarrassed about what happened and made a deal with the cops to keep it quiet , '' spencer suggested when hanna called her to express her uneasiness at the lack of news . 
 `` remember nadine rupert , melissa 's friend ? 
 one night , when they were seniors , nadine got drunk and wrapped her car around a tree . 
 she was fine , but her family begged the cops to keep the dui a secret , and they did . 
 nadine was out of school for a month getting rehab , but she told everyone she was at a spa retreat instead . 
 later , though , she got drunk again and told melissa the truth . '' 
 `` i just wish i knew if she 's hurt , '' hanna said in a small voice . 
 `` i know . '' 
 spencer sounded worried . 
 `` let 's call the hospital . '' 
 they did , on three-way , but since hanna did n't know madison 's last name , the nurses could n't give them any information . 
 hanna hung up the phone , staring into space . 
 then she went on the website for penn state-which was the school madison said she attended-and did a search for her , hoping she 'd find her last name that way . 
 but there were quite a few madisons in the sophomore class , way too many to go through one by one . 
 would she feel better if she came forward and confessed ? 
 but even if she explained that another car had come out of nowhere , knocking her off the road , no one would believe her-they 'd assume she 'd been as wasted as madison . 
 the cops would n't congratulate her for being honest , either-they 'd haul her off to jail . 
 they 'd also realize that she 'd needed help moving madison and had had to recruit her friends . 
 they 'd be in trouble , too . 
 stop thinking about it , hanna decided resolutely . 
 her family wanted to make it go away , and you should do the same . 
 so she went to the mall . 
 she tanned poolside at the country club . 
 she avoided her stepsister , kate , and was a bridesmaid in her father 's wedding to isabel , wearing a hideous green dress . 
 eventually , she stopped thinking about madison and the accident every second of the day . 
 the crash had n't been her fault , after all , and madison was probably fine . 
 it was n't like she knew madison , anyway . 
 she 'd probably never see her again . 
 little did hanna know that madison was connected to someone they all knew very well-someone who hated them , in fact . 
 and if that someone knew what they all had done , terrible things might happen . 
 acts of retribution . 
 revenge . 
 torture . 
 that very person might take it upon himself-or herself-to become the very thing all four girls feared most . 
 a new-and far more frightening-a . 
 1 beware , ye liars on a blustery monday morning in late march , spencer hastings stared into the vintage louis vuitton trunk on her queen-sized bed . 
 it was packed full of things for her upcoming journey on the rosewood day prep eco cruise to the caribbean , a combination of class trip and environmental-science seminar . 
 using the trunk was a long-standing good-luck tradition : it had once belonged to regina hastings , spencer 's great-great-grandmother . 
 regina had bought a first-class reservation on the titanic but decided to stay in southampton for a few extra weeks and take the next steamer out . 
 as spencer tossed a third bottle of sunscreen onto the top of the pile , her phone let out a bloop . 
 a text bubble appeared on the screen from reefer fredericks . 
 hey buddy , it said . 
 what are you up to ? 
 spencer found reefer 's number in her contacts list and dialed it . 
 `` i 'm packing for the trip , '' she said when he answered on the first ring . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` just putting some last-minute things together , '' reefer answered . 
 `` but i 'm bummed . 
 i ca n't find my speedo . '' 
 `` oh , please , '' spencer teased , curling a tendril of honey-blond hair around her finger . 
 `` you do n't own a speedo . '' 
 `` you got me . '' 
 reefer chuckled . 
 `` but i really ca n't find my trunks . '' 
 spencer 's heart did a flip as she thought about reefer in swim trunks-she could tell through his t-shirt that he was toned . 
 his school was going on the cruise , too , along with several other private schools in the tristate area . 
 she 'd met reefer at a princeton early admission dinner a few weeks earlier , and although she had n't been into his hippy , pothead vibe at first , he ended up being the best thing she got out of her disastrous pre-frosh weekend on campus . 
 since she 'd returned to rosewood , they 'd been texting and calling each other ... a lot . 
 during a dr. who marathon on bbc america , they 'd called one another during the commercial breaks to discuss the doctor 's bizarre alien adversaries . 
 spencer introduced reefer to mumford and sons , and reefer schooled her on the grateful dead , phish , and other jam bands , and before she knew it , she had developed a massive crush on him . 
 he was fun , clever , and more than that , nothing seemed to shake him . 
 he was the human equivalent of a hot-stone massage-just the type of guy spencer needed right now . 
 she hoped that something would happen between them on the trip . 
 the top deck of the cruise ship seemed like the perfect setting for a first kiss , the tropical sunset like a huge bonfire all around them . 
 or maybe their kiss would happen on a dive-they were both taking a scuba class together . 
 maybe they 'd be swimming around a crop of neon-pink coral , and suddenly their hands would touch under the water , and they 'd swim to the surface , pull off their masks , and then ... reefer coughed on the other end , and spencer blushed as if she 'd voiced the thoughts aloud . 
 in actuality , she was n't sure what reefer thought about her-he 'd been flirty at princeton , but for all she knew , he was like that with all girls . 
 suddenly , a banner on her tv caught her eye . 
 death in jamaica : murdered girl investigation begins . 
 a familiar blond girl 's picture flashed on screen . 
 tabitha clark , a caption read . 
 `` uh , reefer ? '' 
 spencer said abruptly . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 spencer hung up and stared at the tv . 
 a stern-looking gray-haired man appeared next . 
 michael paulson , fbi , said a caption under his face . 
 `` we 're beginning to put together the pieces of what might have caused ms. clark 's death , '' he said to a group of reporters . 
 `` apparently , ms. clark traveled to jamaica alone , but we 're trying to re-create a timeline of where she was and who she was with that day . '' 
 after that , the news shifted to a story about a murder in fishtown . 
 suddenly , the cheerful , colorful resort-wear folded neatly in the steamer trunk looked perverse and ridiculous . 
 the smiling sun on the sunscreen bottle seemed to be sneering at her . 
 it was ridiculous to be jetting off on a tropical trip like nothing was wrong . 
 everything was wrong . 
 she was a coldhearted killer , and the cops were narrowing in on her fast . 
 ever since spencer and her friends discovered that they 'd killed tabitha clark-not the real alison dilaurentis , as they 'd all thought-spencer had n't been able to draw in a full breath . 
 at first the cops had thought tabitha had accidentally drowned , but now they knew she 'd been murdered . 
 and the police were n't the only ones . 
 new a knew , too . 
 spencer had no idea who new a , the insidious text messager who knew everything about their lives , might be . 
 first , she and the others had thought it was real ali-maybe she 'd survived the fall off the roof deck and was after them once and for all . 
 but then the authorities identified the washed-up remains as tabitha 's , and they realized how crazy they 'd been to even consider that ali had survived the fire in the poconos . 
 her bones might not have been found , but she 'd been inside the house when it exploded . 
 there was no way she could have gotten out , even though emily still clung to that theory . 
 next , the girls had thought a might be kelsey pierce , whom spencer had framed for drug possession the previous summer . 
 kelsey made sense : not only had spencer wronged her , but kelsey had also been in jamaica at the same time the girls were . 
 but that turned out to be a dead end . 
 next they had thought a was gayle riggs , the woman to whom emily had promised-and then unpromised-her unborn baby , and who happened to be tabitha 's stepmom . 
 but that theory fell through when gayle ended up dead in her driveway . 
 even more chilling ? 
 they were pretty sure new a had killed her . 
 which was baffling-and terrifying . 
 did gayle know something she should n't have ? 
 or had a meant to kill spencer and the others instead ? 
 and a knew everything . 
 not only had a sent pictures of the girls talking to tabitha during dinner the night they 'd killed her , but the girls had also received a picture of tabitha 's broken body on the sand . 
 it was like a had been poised and ready on the beach , camera in hand , predicting the fall before it happened . 
 there was another weird twist , too : tabitha had been a patient at the preserve at addison-stevens , a mental hospital , at the same time real ali had been there . 
 had they been friends ? 
 was that why tabitha acted so much like ali in jamaica ? 
 spencer 's phone bleated again , and she jumped . 
 aria montgomery 's name flashed on the screen . 
 `` you 're watching the news , are n't you ? '' 
 spencer said when she answered . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 aria sounded distraught . 
 `` emily and hanna are on the line , too . '' 
 `` you guys , what are we going to do ? '' 
 hanna marin said shrilly . 
 `` should we tell the cops we were at the resort , or should we keep quiet ? 
 but if we do keep quiet , and then someone else tells the cops we were there , we 'll look guilty , right ? '' 
 `` calm down . '' 
 spencer eyed the news again . 
 tabitha 's father , who was also gayle 's husband , was on the screen now . 
 he looked exhausted-as he should . 
 both his wife and his daughter had been murdered in the span of a year . 
 `` maybe we should just turn ourselves in , '' aria suggested . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 emily fields whispered . 
 `` okay , maybe i should turn myself in . '' 
 aria backtracked . 
 `` i was the one who pushed her . 
 i 'm the guiltiest . '' 
 `` that 's ridiculous , '' spencer said quickly , lowering her voice . 
 `` we all did it , not just you . 
 and no one is turning themselves in , okay ? '' 
 a tiny movement outside caught her eye , but when she went to the window , she did n't see anything suspicious . 
 her mother 's fiance , mr. pennythistle , had parked his enormous suv in the driveway . 
 the new woman who 'd moved into the cavanaugh house across the street was kneeling in the flower bed , weeding . 
 and to the left , spencer could just make out alison dilaurentis 's old bedroom window . 
 when ali had lived there , the pink curtains were always flung open , but the room 's new owner , maya st. germain , always kept the wooden blinds twisted closed . 
 spencer sat down on the bed . 
 `` maybe it does n't matter that the cops figured out tabitha was killed . 
 there 's still no way they can trace the murder back to us . '' 
 `` unless a talks , '' emily warned . 
 `` and who knows what a is capable of-a might not stop at blaming tabitha 's murder on us . 
 a could frame us for killing gayle , too . 
 we were there . '' 
 `` has anyone heard from a ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` it 's weird that a 's been quiet since gayle 's funeral . '' 
 the funeral had been almost a week ago . 
 `` i have n't , '' spencer said . 
 `` me neither , '' emily piped up . 
 `` a 's probably planning the next big attack . '' 
 hanna sounded worried . 
 `` we need to stop it before it happens , '' spencer said . 
 hanna snorted . 
 `` how are we going to do that ? '' 
 spencer walked over to her bed and nervously fingered the gold latch on the steamer trunk . 
 she did n't even have the beginning of an answer . 
 whoever new a was , new a was crazy . 
 how could she anticipate a lunatic 's next move ? 
 `` a killed gayle , '' spencer said after a moment . 
 `` if we figure out who a is , we can go to the cops . '' 
 `` yeah , and then a will turn around and tell the cops about us , '' hanna pointed out . 
 `` maybe the cops would n't believe a murderer , '' spencer said . 
 `` yeah , but a has pictures to prove it , '' aria hissed . 
 `` not of us specifically , '' spencer said . 
 `` and anyway , if we figure out who a is , maybe we could find them and delete them . '' 
 aria sniffed . 
 `` that all sounds great if we were , like , james bond . 
 right now we do n't know who a is . '' 
 `` you know , it 's good we 're going on this trip , '' hanna said after a moment . 
 `` it 'll give us time to think . '' 
 aria scoffed . 
 `` you really think a is going to leave us alone ? '' 
 hanna breathed in . 
 `` are you saying a might come ? '' 
 `` i hope not , '' aria said , `` but i 'm not holding my breath . '' 
 `` me neither , '' spencer said . 
 she 'd considered the possibility of a being on board , too . 
 the idea of being trapped in the middle of the ocean with a psycho was chilling . 
 `` how do you guys feel about going back to the caribbean ? '' 
 emily asked nervously . 
 `` i feel like it will remind me of ... everything . '' 
 aria moaned . 
 `` at least we are n't going to jamaica , '' hanna said . 
 the cruise ship was stopping in st. martin , puerto rico , and bermuda . 
 spencer shut her eyes and thought about how excited she 'd been to go to jamaica last spring break . 
 they had all planned to put real ali , the evil a notes they 'd received from her , and their near-death in the poconos behind them . 
 she 'd packed bikinis , t-shirts , and the same neutrogena sunscreen she 'd plopped in the steamer trunk , hope rising in her chest . 
 it 's all over , she 'd kept thinking . 
 my life is going to be great now . 
 she glanced at the clock on her bedside table . 
 `` guys , it 's ten . 
 we 'd better go . '' 
 they were supposed to be at the boat docks in newark , new jersey , a little after noon . 
 `` shit , '' hanna said . 
 `` see ya there , '' aria answered . 
 everyone hung up . 
 spencer dropped her phone in her canvas beach bag , then hefted it onto her shoulder and righted the steamer trunk on its wheelie-board . 
 when she was almost to the door , something out the window caught her attention once more . 
 she walked over to the window again and stared out at the dilaurentises ' yard . 
 at first , she was n't sure what was different . 
 the tennis courts , which the new family had built over the half-dug hole where the workers had found courtney dilaurentis 's body , were empty . 
 the wooden blinds at ali 's old window were still shut . 
 the multilevel deck at the back , where the girls used to hold court , gossiping and boy-rating , was swept clean of leaves . 
 but then she saw it : there was a child-sized life preserver in the middle of ali 's yard . 
 it was red-and-white striped , like a candy cane , and had large , curly , piratelike script across the bottom that read dead men tell no tales . 
 acid rose in spencer 's throat . 
 even though there was no one around , it still felt like the preserver was a message expressly from a. better hang on to this for dear life , a seemed to be saying , because i might just make you walk the plank . 
 2 emily 's little mermaid the road leading up to the newark shipyards was a nondescript two-lane highway with generic-looking office complexes , gas stations , and seedy bars . 
 but when emily fields and her father took a sharp left and pulled onto the waterfront , the sky opened up , the scent of salt hung heavy in the air , and the enormous celebrity cruise ship rose before her like a giant , many-tiered wedding cake . 
 `` whoa , '' emily breathed . 
 the ship stretched several city blocks , and there were more circular portholes on each level than she could count . 
 emily had read in the eco cruise brochure that the vessel contained a theater , a casino , a gym with nineteen treadmills , a yoga studio , a hair salon and spa , thirteen restaurants , eleven lounges , a rock-climbing wall , and a wave pool . 
 mr. fields pulled into an available parking space near a big tent with a banner that read passengers , check in here ! 
 there was a line of thirty or so kids with suitcases and duffels . 
 after he cut the engine , he sat staring straight ahead . 
 seagulls circled the sky . 
 two girls squealed excitedly when they saw each other . 
 emily cleared her throat awkwardly . 
 `` thanks for the ride . '' 
 mr. fields turned abruptly and looked at her hard . 
 his eyes were iron-cold , and two curved lines accentuated his mouth like parentheses . 
 `` dad ... '' emily 's stomach started to hurt . 
 `` can we talk about this ? '' 
 mr. fields set his jaw and faced front . 
 then he turned up the radio . 
 they 'd been listening to a new york news station for the second half of the drive ; now a reporter was droning on about someone nicknamed the preppy thief who 'd escaped from a new jersey holding cell that morning . 
 `` ms. katherine delong might be armed and dangerous , '' the reporter was saying . 
 `` and now , on to weather ... '' emily twisted the volume down again . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 but her father did n't pay any attention . 
 emily 's jaw wobbled . 
 last week , she 'd broken down and told her parents that she 'd secretly had a baby girl over the summer and had given her up for adoption shortly after she was born . 
 she 'd omitted a few of the more sordid details , like accepting money from gayle riggs , a wealthy woman who 'd wanted the baby , and then changing her mind and returning the payment , which a had intercepted . 
 but she 'd told them a lot . 
 how she 'd hid in her sister carolyn 's dorm room in philadelphia during the third trimester . 
 how she had seen an ob-gyn in the city and had a scheduled c-section at jefferson hospital . 
 emily 's mom had n't blinked through the whole story . 
 after emily had finished , mrs. fields took a long sip of her tea and thanked emily for being honest . 
 she even asked emily if she was okay . 
 the clouds had parted in emily 's mind . 
 her mom was being normal-cool , even ! 
 `` i 'm holding up , '' she 'd answered . 
 `` the baby is with a really great family-i saw them the other day . 
 they named her violet . 
 she 's seven months now . '' 
 then a muscle in mrs. fields 's cheek twitched . 
 `` seven months ? '' 
 `` yep , '' emily said . 
 `` she smiles . 
 and waves . 
 they 're wonderful parents . '' 
 and then , like a light switch abruptly flipped on , reality hit emily 's mom at full force . 
 she blindly groped for her husband 's hand as though she were on a sinking ice floe . 
 after letting out a squeak , she leapt up and ran to the bathroom . 
 mr. fields sat , stunned , for a moment . 
 then he turned to emily . 
 `` did you say your sister knew about this , too ? '' 
 `` yes , but please do n't be mad at her , '' emily said in a small voice . 
 since that day , emily 's mom had barely come out of her bedroom . 
 mr. fields handled the chores , making dinner , signing emily 's permission slips , and doing the laundry . 
 every time emily tried to broach the subject with him , her dad shut her down . 
 and forget about talking to her mom : whenever emily even got near her parents ' bedroom , her father appeared , seemingly out of nowhere , like a rabid , protective guard dog , shooing her away . 
 emily had no idea what to do . 
 she would have preferred her parents send her to reform school or to live with her uber-religious relatives in iowa , like they 'd done when they were mad at her in the past . 
 maybe she should n't have told her parents about the baby , but she did n't want them to find out from someone else-like new a . 
 the rosewood pd knew , too , as well as isaac , the baby 's father , and mr. clark , gayle 's husband . 
 amazingly , the news about the baby had n't made its way around rosewood day , but it did n't matter-emily still felt like a pariah . 
 add in the fact that she 'd witnessed a murder two weeks prior and that the police were now investigating tabitha 's death , and most days she could barely hold it together . 
 she was also more certain than ever that a was real ali-that she 'd survived the fire in the poconos and was out to get them once and for all . 
 real ali had framed kelsey pierce , driving emily to almost kill her at floating man quarry . 
 then she 'd thrown suspicion on gayle , shooting her when she got in the way . 
 emily shivered . 
 what would she do next ? 
 a loud horn on the boat roused her from her thoughts . 
 `` well , i guess i should go , '' emily said softly , glancing at her dad again . 
 `` thanks for , um , still letting me go on this . '' 
 mr. fields took a sip from his water bottle . 
 `` thank the teacher who nominated you for the scholarship . 
 and father fleming . 
 i still do n't think you should go . '' 
 emily fiddled with the university of north carolina ball cap in her lap . 
 her parents did n't have money to send their kids on frivolous class trips , but she 'd won a scholarship through her botany class . 
 after her parents had found out about the baby , mr. fields had gone to father fleming , their priest , to ask if they should still let her attend . 
 father fleming had said they should-it would give them time to process what had happened and figure out their feelings . 
 there was nothing left for emily to do but open the door , grab her bags , and start toward the check-in tent . 
 she had n't walked but three steps when her dad gunned the engine and took off down the road , not even staying to see the boat off as most parents were . 
 she blinked back tears , trying hard not to cry . 
 as she joined the line , a twentysomething guy wearing a pair of red , star-shaped sunglasses bounded up to her . 
 `` i 'm on to you ! '' 
 he said , wagging a finger . 
 tabitha 's face flashed in emily 's mind . 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 she croaked . 
 `` you 're totally a secret cirque du soleil fan ! '' 
 the guy stuck out his hand . 
 `` the name 's jeremy . 
 i 'm your cruise director this week . 
 how would you like to be a guest in tonight 's kickoff cirque du soleil performance in the theater ? 
 the show 's theme is mother earth , in honor of this being an eco cruise and all . '' 
 several kids nearby stopped and smirked . 
 `` i think i 'll pass , '' emily mumbled , scurrying forward . 
 she flashed her passport to the check-in girl and was given a key to her cabin , a meal card and daily menu , and a map of the boat . 
 last but not least , she received a pamphlet that listed the various classes , activities , seminars , group meetings , and volunteer opportunities for the week-students were required to participate in one for-credit class and volunteer in the ship 's `` community , '' helping to clean , cook , plan events , or take care of the ship 's enormous endangered-fish aquarium , and so on . 
 the volunteer spots were on a first-come , first-serve basis ; emily had already signed up for lifeguard duty at the main pool . 
 she still did n't know which class she 'd take , though , so she scanned the list quickly . 
 there was exploring the reefs responsibly , hunt for sunken -lrb- eco -rrb- treasure , clean up the tide pools in a kayak . 
 she decided on a course called caribbean bird-watching . 
 she boarded an elevator that would take her to her room . 
 a calypso band played loudly on an upper deck , the bass thudding through the walls . 
 a few girls were talking about a great bar in st. martin they 'd heard about . 
 two guys chattered about kiteboarding in puerto rico . 
 everyone was dressed in shorts and flip-flops , even though it was forty-five degrees outside . 
 emily envied their carefree excitement-she could n't even coax the corners of her lips to bend into a smile . 
 all she could think about was her mother 's vacant eyes , her dad 's punishing scowl , the hatred in their hearts . 
 the fbi agent on the news this morning . 
 gayle 's dead body . 
 tabitha 's face just as she realized she was falling . 
 a lurking in the darkness , laughing , ready to hurt her for real . 
 she thought about ali , too-real ali and their ali . 
 all this time , emily had been hiding a secret : in the poconos , the girls had escaped the house just before it blew up , with real ali still inside . 
 what the others did n't know , however , was that emily had left the cabin door open so that real ali could escape , too . 
 she 'd told everyone she 'd closed it tight . 
 and when the cops did n't find her body , emily was positive real ali had gotten out and was still alive . 
 for many , many months , emily had hoped that real ali would come to her senses and apologize to all of them for being a. emily would be the first one to forgive her , of course . 
 after all , she 'd loved ali-both alis . 
 she 'd kissed both of them , their ali in her tree house in seventh grade , and real ali last year . 
 but that was before real ali messed with her daughter . 
 some of the notes from a threatened violet 's life . 
 it was then that she realized real ali was beyond the pale . 
 real ali did n't care for emily at all , and she certainly had no intention of trying to make things right . 
 she was just ... evil . 
 almost immediately , the hope and love emily had felt withered away , leaving a huge hole in her heart . 
 the elevator dinged , and an automated voice announced that they were on the sunshine deck . 
 a bunch of kids marched down the long , garishly carpeted hall to find their rooms . 
 not wanting to get stuck behind them , emily turned toward the sliding-glass door that led to a small patio overlooking the water instead . 
 she stepped through it and let the chilly sea air fill her lungs . 
 gulls called overhead . 
 traffic swished in the distance . 
 the waves had foamy white tops , and a lifeboat bobbed seven decks below . 
 then emily heard a cough and jumped . 
 a girl with olive skin and long , chestnut-colored hair stood at the far end of the balcony . 
 she wore dark sunglasses , a white eyelet dress , and ballet flats with pink-and-white grosgrain ribbon trim . 
 emily did n't speak at first . 
 the girl was so ethereal and quiet that she thought she might be a ghost . 
 but then the girl turned and smiled . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 emily said , stepping back . 
 `` y-you scared me . 
 i was n't sure you were real . '' 
 the corners of the girl 's mouth turned up . 
 `` do you often see people that are n't real ? '' 
 `` never anyone like you , '' emily blurted , and then clamped her mouth shut . 
 why had she just said that ? 
 the girl raised her eyebrows , taking her sunglasses off . 
 and then she strolled over . 
 up close , emily could see the dimples on her cheeks . 
 her arresting green eyes sparkled , and she smelled so fragrantly of jasmine perfume that emily felt a little light-headed . 
 `` maybe i am a ghost , '' the girl whispered . 
 `` or a mermaid . 
 we are at sea , after all . '' 
 then she touched the tip of emily 's nose , turned around , and disappeared through the sliding door . 
 emily remained in a cloud of jasmine , her mouth hanging open , the tip of her nose tingling . 
 she was n't sure what had just happened , but she definitely liked it . 
 for one fleeting second , the ghost-or mermaid , or whatever she was-had made her forget absolutely everything wrong with her life . 
 3 the best couples always compromise `` welcome to the activity and volunteer fair ! '' 
 a sandy-haired guy said to aria montgomery and her boyfriend , noel kahn , as they walked up to the ship 's casino . 
 `` are n't you so psyched to be here ? '' 
 `` uh , sure , '' noel said , looking at the guy warily . 
 `` awesome ! '' 
 the guy said . 
 aria was almost positive she 'd owned an identical version of the star-shaped sunglasses he was wearing when she was six . 
 he stood uncomfortably close to her when he talked . 
 `` the name 's jeremy . 
 i 'm your cruise director for the week , '' he went on . 
 `` and we 're going to have fun , fun , fun ! 
 we have the best shows on the sea-and the funniest comedian in lou the earth crusader . 
 you 'll laugh-and learn how to save the planet ! '' 
 he ushered them inside . 
 `` walk around ! 
 make new friends ! 
 and do n't forget to choose an activity and a volunteer task ! '' 
 aria looked around . 
 humming slot machines , green-felt poker and blackjack tables , and a curved , marble-topped bar stretched as far as the eye could see . 
 but there were no liquor bottles behind the bar , no cards sitting on the tables , and when noel pressed a button on the slot machine , a message came up that said try again later . 
 noel glanced at another cruise worker , a glossy-lipped woman in a white suit . 
 `` can we gamble ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , on casino night ! '' 
 the woman had a glazed-over , barbie-doll expression on her face . 
 `` you do n't win real money , though-you get these cute little dolphin coins you can take home as souvenirs ! 
 they 're made by tribal women in south africa from 100 percent recycled wool ! '' 
 noel wrinkled his nose . 
 aria nudged him in the ribs . 
 `` it 's probably a good thing we ca n't play for money , you know . 
 remember that time we played blackjack and you tried to count cards ? 
 i whipped your butt . '' 
 `` you did not , '' noel said gruffly . 
 `` did too ! '' 
 `` well , i demand a rematch . 
 even if it 's for recycled dolphin tokens . '' 
 one corner of noel 's mouth rose . 
 aria smiled happily . 
 it felt so good to be getting along with noel again . 
 they 'd been fighting a lot recently , first because aria was sure that noel had a crush on his family 's exchange student , klaudia , who luckily was having visa issues and could n't come on the cruise . 
 then aria had discovered a secret about noel 's father , which had led to more trouble between them . 
 but they 'd reconciled about everything , and now they were great . 
 they moved deeper into the casino , looking at activity booths for hiking expeditions , art walks , and mandatory for-credit classes like convert your vehicle to corn power ! 
 then noel squeezed her arm . 
 `` are you sure it was okay that i took that lesson this morning ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` of course , '' aria answered in a mature voice . 
 the ship had disembarked a few hours earlier , and noel had almost immediately abandoned aria to surf with an ex-pro in the wave pool . 
 now he smelled overpoweringly like chlorine , and his eyes were a little droopy , the way they always got when he 'd had a hard workout . 
 `` come on , '' noel urged . 
 `` tell the truth . '' 
 aria sighed . 
 `` okay , maybe i 'm a little disappointed we did n't spend the first few hours together . 
 especially when the boat sailed out of the harbor . 
 they played ` over the rainbow ! ' 
 it was really cute and romantic . 
 but we 'll have lots of time to spend together , right ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 noel took aria 's face in his hands . 
 `` you know , i really like this new let 's - always-be-honest policy . '' 
 `` me too , '' aria said , but then fiddled with the ties on her sailboat-printed blouse . 
 she and noel were really trying to stick to an honesty-is-the-best-policy rule , telling each other the truth about everything . 
 when aria did n't want to watch game of thrones on hbo again , she said so . 
 when noel really , really wanted mcdonald 's drive-thru instead of another dinner at aria 's favorite vegan restaurant , he made it clear . 
 it was liberating , but aria also felt like a fraud because she still had n't told him her big secrets , like what had happened in iceland last summer-only one person knew about that . 
 he did n't know that there was a new a in town , either , or that she and her friends had done something terrible in jamaica . 
 worse , now that tabitha 's death had been deemed a murder , noel was suddenly interested in the story . 
 while the two of them were hanging out at his house a few days earlier , a cnn report about tabitha had popped on the screen . 
 noel had paused and squinted at tabitha 's picture . 
 `` she looks really familiar , '' he 'd murmured . 
 aria had quickly changed the channel , but she could feel noel 's mind working . 
 he 'd taken note of tabitha while in jamaica . 
 when would he make the connection ? 
 once he did , he 'd likely tell the police everything he remembered about her from the trip . 
 he 'd tell them that aria had been with him in jamaica , too , and then the police would ask her questions . 
 on the phone with the girls , she 'd mentioned an idea that had been brewing in her mind all week : turning herself in . 
 on one hand , it would be a huge relief-she would n't have to hide anymore . 
 on the other , her life would be over . 
 did she really want that ? 
 aria had hoped to use the time on this cruise to really figure out what she wanted to do , but she worried about the police investigation . 
 what if the cops figured it out before she 'd decided ? 
 what if a gave them a clue they did n't even know a had yet ? 
 aria would rather the confession be on her terms , her decision , but it felt like she was running out of time . 
 now they passed a bunch of booths offering sign-ups for short-fiction workshops , pottery classes , and an ecotour sponsored by greenpeace . 
 then aria spied a sign that said scavenger hunt ! 
 next to it were pictures of kids looking at clues , riding down zip-lines , and trekking through the rain forest . 
 explore the islands ! 
 a sign read . 
 make an environmental difference ! 
 win big prizes ! 
 `` cool . '' 
 aria grabbed a flyer . 
 a pudgy strawberry-blonde with a name tag that said gretchen stepped forward , a big smile on her freckly face . 
 `` interested ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we give you clues that send you all around the three islands . 
 there 's some research involved , so it would meet your for-credit class requirement . 
 it 'll be a lot of fun , too . '' 
 `` that sounds great . '' 
 aria could easily imagine hunting for clues and exploring the islands with noel . 
 but when she looked at noel for his opinion , he was talking to a tall guy with sunburned cheeks at another table . 
 become a champion surfer in seven days , read a banner over sunburned guy 's head . 
 amazingly , it was a for-credit class , too , the cruise ship 's version of pe . 
 `` dude , sign me up , '' noel said excitedly , grabbing a pen from a cup with a surfer on the front . 
 `` noel , wait . '' 
 aria caught his arm . 
 `` does n't this look like it could be fun for both of us ? '' 
 she pointed to the scavenger hunt sign . 
 noel frowned . 
 `` let 's surf instead . '' 
 aria turned to sunburned guy , who was presumably the instructor . 
 `` is it okay that i 'm not a strong swimmer ? '' 
 he wrinkled his freckled nose . 
 `` can you do the crawl ? '' 
 `` i can dog-paddle , '' she said optimistically . 
 she had never technically learned how to swim-there were so many other more interesting activities she 'd wanted to try out when she was little instead . 
 cliff-diving in jamaica had terrified her half to death . 
 she 'd always made emily stay very close to where she landed so she could rescue her if she needed it . 
 the instructor looked skeptical . 
 `` surfers need to be able to paddle through some pretty tough waves . 
 i do n't think you 'd be able to handle it . '' 
 noel looked crushed . 
 aria smiled at him . 
 `` take the surf lessons anyway . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 he said quickly . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 aria squeezed his hands . 
 `` who cares if we do n't do the same activity ? 
 we could do the same volunteer job , maybe . 
 or hang out at other times . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 noel 's voice wavered . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 aria kissed his nose . 
 `` i want us both to be happy . '' 
 noel wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground . 
 `` you 're the sweetest person in the world . '' 
 he put her down , and for a moment , aria did feel pretty sweet . 
 but then the back of her neck prickled , and she sensed someone 's presence behind her . 
 she peered through the crowd of kids , the activity booths , and the blinking slot machines . 
 there was a big banner over an empty table that read protect the seas . 
 save the planet . 
 live life to the fullest . 
 a shadow moved behind it , and then a door marked staff only eased shut . 
 aria 's heart jumped , and she stared hard at the door , willing whoever it was to return . 
 the door remained shut . 
 and yet , drifting over the sound of the slot machines , the whoops of the activity leaders , and the chattering of all of the kids stuffed into the room , there was a thin , eerie laugh . 
 aria 's heart dropped to her feet . 
 whenever she heard that laugh , whether by coincidence or not , someone was always close . 
 a. 4 hello , roomie ! 
 later that night , hanna marin sat with her boyfriend , mike montgomery , in a plush booth at cafe moonlight , an al fresco restaurant on the top deck of the boat . 
 bright , twinkling stars served as the ceiling , and a light , salty-smelling breeze occasionally blew out the candles on the tables . 
 waiters dashed to and fro delivering big salads featuring organic vegetables , jerk-seasoned free-range chicken , and the best organic sweet-potato fries hanna had ever tasted . 
 a reggae band played a bob marley song , the musicians dressed up in tropical-print garb . 
 when the song ended , the cruise director , whom hanna had started calling `` creepy jeremy '' because of how close he stood to people when he spoke and the weird smile that seemed to be tattooed across his face , grabbed the microphone . 
 `` these guys are amazing , huh ? 
 but if you think you 're better , show off your skills at the america 's got talent extravaganza on sunday night ! 
 start working on your act now , guys ! 
 first prize is a vespa scooter ! '' 
 mike crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` noel and i are going to do a hip-hop act . '' 
 hanna gave him a crazy look . 
 `` you 're actually going to participate in the talent show ? '' 
 mike shrugged . 
 `` did n't you hear him ? 
 first prize is a vespa . 
 and noel and i put together some sick rhymes in jamaica . '' 
 hanna nearly choked on a fry . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was reminisce about jamaica . 
 but everything today had reminded her of that awful trip : the artificial strawberry smell of someone 's spray-on sunscreen , the brand of orange drink sold in one of the cafes , a boy 's t-shirt that said jamaican me crazy ! 
 there was a jamaican-themed party planned for two days from now , which did n't even make sense since they were n't going to jamaica on this cruise . 
 she grabbed another fry and stuffed it into her mouth , resolving not to think about jamaica on this trip-or any of the other shitty things that had happened . 
 like the fact that she 'd recently witnessed a murder . 
 and , oh yeah , that she was the intended target . 
 or that the cops were this close to figuring out what they did to tabitha . 
 what would happen when they did ? 
 her family would be disgraced , of course . 
 her dad 's senatorial campaign would be ruined . 
 hanna would have a long life in prison to look forward to . 
 james freed , a friend of mike 's , appeared at their table . 
 `` dude . '' 
 he sank into a seat . 
 `` did you hear about the catholic girls ' school that 's here ? 
 they are h-o-t . '' 
 he whispered the letters dramatically . 
 `` apparently they 're dying for some . '' 
 `` hello , james ? '' 
 hanna leveled a stare at him , reminding him she was mike 's girlfriend . 
 james looked at hanna apathetically . 
 `` hey . '' 
 then he turned back to mike . 
 `` some of the beaches in st. martin allow nudity . 
 wan na help convince the catholic girls to take a little trek with us ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 mike practically began to drool . 
 hanna pinched his arm . 
 `` like hell you will ! '' 
 `` just kidding , '' mike said quickly , then leaned toward her . 
 `` unless you want to make it a threesome . '' 
 hanna pinched him again . 
 then she flicked a lock of auburn hair over her shoulder and peered at james . 
 `` what catholic school are you talking about ? '' 
 again , james looked at hanna like she was one of the pesky horseflies that had buzzed around them during the ship 's departure . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 villa ... something . '' 
 `` villa louisa ? '' 
 hanna spat . 
 `` i think that 's it . '' 
 james squinted at her . 
 `` why , are you thinking of stalking them ? '' 
 hanna pressed her nails into the heel of her hand . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 two weeks ago , she 'd won mike away from what she now called his `` mistake , '' colleen bebris , despite the fact that a had sent the entire school an embarrassing video montage of hanna trying to dig up something naughty about colleen by stalking her . 
 though mike seemed to have forgotten the video , no one else had . 
 girls from rosewood day and some of the other private schools nudged each other and giggled at her as she 'd boarded this morning . 
 when she 'd tried to take a spin class this afternoon , a not-even-that-cute-or-thin girl from the quaker school had quickly set her water bottle on a free bike , saying it was saved . 
 hanna felt like she had a big sign on her back that said loser and just did n't know about it . 
 hanna knew of the villa louisa girls , but she did n't know any personally . 
 people from other schools called them villa gorillas . 
 they pranced around the king james mall wearing their plaid jumpers and naughty-girl kneesocks like they were sooo sexy , making eyes at every available -lrb- and unavailable -rrb- guy . 
 every gorilla was thinner and blonder and more beautiful than the next , and the rumor was that they were all incredibly sexually talented . 
 a lot of people had theories as to why : the holy water the nuns blessed them with actually contained an ancient aphrodisiac . 
 their uniforms were too tight in all the right places . 
 they all had uber-strict parents who forbade them to speak to any boy , anytime , and they were dying for male interaction . 
 apparently , kate , hanna 's stepsister , knew a few girls from the school , but kate had decided to stay home to do a community service project with her boyfriend , sean ackard , instead of going on the cruise . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 mike looked excited as he nudged hanna . 
 `` maybe your roommate is someone from villa louisa ! '' 
 `` then you 're never coming in my room , '' hanna joked . 
 but she felt a little worried . 
 everyone on the cruise had been assigned roommates randomly-jeremy had boasted that he 'd personally pulled names out of a captain 's hat . 
 no one had known who they 'd be stuck with until they got on the ship . 
 there had been no sign of hanna 's roommate when she 'd put her stuff down this morning . 
 rooming with a villa gorilla was a terrible possibility . 
 hanna could n't be the uglier roommate . 
 and she felt like she was skating on thin ice with popularity-hungry mike , anyway , what with everyone snubbing her . 
 the conversation between mike and james moved from the villa girls to the fact that several people had already had things stolen from their rooms . 
 `` it 's not ipads or cell phones , either , '' james said . 
 `` it 's random crap like shampoo and socks . '' 
 `` dude , i 'd better hide my boxers , '' mike joked . 
 then james pulled a flask out of his bag . 
 `` want some ? '' 
 he asked , pushing it toward mike , though not hanna . 
 when he unscrewed the cap , the scent of freshly squeezed limes wafted out . 
 hanna inhaled the fragrant limes of the margarita-it was one of her favorite aromas , though it had been ages since she 'd smelled it . 
 suddenly , a memory of the last time she really remembered the scent wriggled its way into her mind . 
 the memory was about the other secret she was keeping , the one about madison last summer . 
 she 'd been in philly with her dad that day to attend a political rally for one of his cronies-her dad 's campaign had n't really ramped up yet , but he 'd done his fair share of handshaking and drumming up financial support . 
 afterward , when her dad had gone to a fancy dinner at the four seasons , hanna had wandered over to south street , wanting to get lost in the crowd of sightseers . 
 even though she was psyched that her dad was running for office , the secret from spring break weighed heavily on her . 
 what if someone found out about it ? 
 she 'd noticed someone smiling at her from one of the side streets and saw an attractive guy standing in front of a bar called the cabana . 
 he was cute in that clean-cut , interchangeable-frat-boy way . 
 `` drinks are half-off right now , '' he said , pointing to the bar . 
 `` come in for happy hour . '' 
 `` uh , i have a boyfriend , '' hanna said quickly . 
 one corner of the guy 's mouth turned up . 
 `` i 'm the bartender . 
 i 'm just on a break right now . 
 i 'm not trying to hit on you . '' 
 hanna peered into the bar . 
 it was n't really her type of place-there was an outdated phillies schedule in the window , a nak * d girl-silhouette doormat at the front door , and the smell of stale beer and cigarettes . 
 but there was an old-timey jukebox in the back playing a classic country song . 
 no one knew , but old country songs were her weakness . 
 she wanted to sit in the darkness and not think for a while . 
 besides , this did n't seem like the kind of place anyone from her dad 's campaign would go , meaning they would n't catch her . 
 so she followed the guy in . 
 a couple of downtrodden-looking men and women nursed beers at the bar , and two guys were halfheartedly playing darts in the back . 
 the bartender who 'd coaxed her inside had now taken his post behind the counter . 
 `` i 'm jackson , by the way , '' he 'd said . 
 `` what can i get you ? '' 
 hanna did n't really want anything to drink , but she asked for a margarita anyway . 
 as she inhaled the drink 's syrupy sweetness someone called out from the other end of the bar , `` watch out . 
 those things are super potent . '' 
 it was a slender girl a few years older than hanna with wide blue eyes and high cheekbones . 
 there was something sporty about her broad shoulders , freshly scrubbed skin , and high blond ponytail . 
 she nudged her chin toward hanna 's drink . 
 `` seriously . 
 jackson should have warned you . '' 
 hanna licked her fingers clean . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll remember that . '' 
 the girl grabbed her cocktail , got up , and slid into a seat next to her . 
 `` he 's kind of cute . '' 
 hanna shrugged . 
 `` he looks like he rows crew . 
 not my thing . '' 
 the girl sipped her drink . 
 `` i dare you to ask him to do a shot with us . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' hanna said quickly . 
 she was n't in the partying mood . 
 the girl cocked her head . 
 `` is someone scared ? '' 
 hanna flinched . 
 ali used to dare hanna , emily , aria , and spencer to do all kinds of things they did n't want to do , teasing that they were scared when they refused . 
 she always made them feel like such losers . 
 `` fine . '' 
 hanna flagged jackson over and ordered three lemon drops-one for him , too . 
 the bartender and the girl knocked theirs back , but hanna dumped hers on the floor when they were n't looking . 
 the girl sloppily wiped her mouth and gave hanna an approving grin . 
 `` what 's your name , anyway ? '' 
 `` olivia . '' 
 hanna blurted out the first name that came to mind . 
 it was the name of her father and isabel 's wedding planner , whom she 'd spoken with earlier that day . 
 `` i 'm madison . '' 
 madison raised her empty shot glass . 
 `` i 'm having one last hurrah before i head back to penn state . 
 i 'm on academic probation there , and if they catch you with even the teensiest bit of alcohol on your breath , they go ballistic . 
 where do you go to school ? '' 
 `` temple . '' 
 it was another think-fast answer-emily was starting a summer program at temple next week . 
 madison asked hanna more questions about herself , and hanna made up more details . 
 she said she was a cross-country runner , that she wanted to be a lawyer , and that she lived in yarmouth , which was near rosewood but not rosewood . 
 it felt good to slip into someone else 's identity for a few hours . 
 this fictitious olivia did n't have two murderous bffs and various stalkers . 
 her life seemed so enviously simple . 
 the only real thing she shared was that she was going on a trip to reykjavik , iceland , soon with aria , noel , and mike . 
 `` is that the place where you can smoke pot in the streets ? '' 
 madison asked excitedly . 
 hanna shook her head . 
 `` no , that 's amsterdam . '' 
 madison looked disappointed . 
 madison told hanna that she lived in the area , though she did n't say where . 
 at first , she put on a good face about going back to school next fall , but as she downed drink after drink , her enthusiasm seemed forced and manufactured . 
 within an hour , madison became aggressively flirtatious with every guy at the bar-especially jackson , who she said shopped at the store where she worked . 
 eventually , she slurred her words , dropped things , and spilled her sixth drink across the bar . 
 as hanna ran for napkins , jackson scooped up the empty glass . 
 hanna wanted to tell him to cut madison off-she could barely stand up . 
 `` we 're taking a quick break , but we 'll be right back ! '' 
 the steel drum player boomed , jarring hanna from her thoughts . 
 she looked around . 
 the plate of fries was now empty . 
 james was gone , and mike was fiddling with his cell phone . 
 she gritted her teeth , annoyed she 'd given madison any thought . 
 had n't she just told herself not to think about all the crappy things in her past ? 
 `` i still have no signal , '' mike grumbled , punching buttons . 
 `` what if it stays this way through the whole trip ? '' 
 `` the crew told us the service is spotty , '' hanna reminded him . 
 `` besides , why do you need your phone so badly right now ? 
 are you secretly texting with a villa girl ? '' 
 `` never , '' mike said , then stood . 
 `` i 'm going to unpack . 
 wan na meet up later in your room ? '' 
 his eyes danced playfully . 
 `` yes , but only if my roommate is n't a villa girl , '' hanna said . 
 `` i 'll let you know . '' 
 then she headed toward her cabin , which was two decks down and through a labyrinth of hallways . 
 on her way there , she spied zelda millings , a cool girl from doringbell friends who was always at noel kahn 's parties . 
 `` hey , zelda ! '' 
 she called out . 
 zelda looked at hanna , then sniffed and pretended to talk on her cell phone . 
 hanna glanced around , horrified that someone might have seen . 
 as she slipped the keycard into the lock and opened the door , the room looked different than when she 'd left it . 
 the lights hanna had turned off were on again , and the tv was blaring . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 hanna called tentatively , peering around . 
 someone had dumped their suitcase on the second bed . 
 a pair of bright-yellow skinny jeans lay on the floor . 
 a silky scarf , several t-shirts-in size extra-small-and a pair of espadrilles were spread across the mattress . 
 hanna 's gaze scanned the rest of the room . 
 there was n't a plaid catholic schoolgirl uniform in sight . 
 yes . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called again , more happily this time . 
 a figure appeared in the balcony doorway . 
 `` hanna ? '' 
 hanna 's eyes adjusted . 
 standing before her , in a cloud of her signature kate spade twirl , was a girl with long , supple limbs , white-blond hair , and ice-blue eyes . 
 it was someone hanna had n't prepared for at all . 
 `` oh , '' hanna said stupidly . 
 it was n't a villa girl . 
 it was naomi zeigler . 
 she braced herself , waiting for an insult to spew from naomi 's mouth-probably something about her being a stalker . 
 or maybe naomi would groan and march out of the room , disappointed that she 'd gotten stuck with hanna , the ship 's biggest dork . 
 but the corners of naomi 's lips edged up in a grin . 
 `` oh thank god , '' she blurted , slumping in relief . 
 `` i was so afraid they were going to stick me with someone like chassey bledsoe ! '' 
 she strode up to hanna and linked her arm through her elbow , which was stiff with caution . 
 `` i am so glad you 're here , '' naomi gushed . 
 she squeezed hanna 's arm . 
 `` i need someone to party with . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 hanna licked her lips . 
 she wanted to ask naomi where her bff , riley wolfe , was , but now that she thought about it , she had n't seen riley anywhere . 
 maybe she had n't come . 
 she glanced at her reflection in the mirror over the bureau . 
 her auburn hair hung glossily down her back , the zits on her forehead seemed to have suddenly cleared up , and her arms looked toned and trim , not bloated from stress eating . 
 even though naomi was probably glomming on to hanna because her other friends were n't aboard , it had been a long time since a popular girl had begged her to hang . 
 and with everyone still snickering about her little stalking episode , the offer felt even more tantalizing . 
 with naomi at her side , she 'd become a queen bee again in no time . 
 and is n't that what she 'd wanted , forever ? 
 i 'm hanna marin , and i 'm fabulous , she used to say when she was friends with mona . 
 and , okay , maybe she did n't feel quite as fabulous these days , but surely she still had a little bit of sparkle left in her . 
 she turned to naomi and squeezed her arm back . 
 `` let 's party . '' 
 5 speaking of villa girls ... at 10 p.m. that same night , emily stood on the fiesta deck next to spencer , aria , and hanna at the welcome to paradise luau . 
 fragrant leis hung in loops from the archways . 
 palms sprouted out of brightly painted pots . 
 pink and yellow strobe lights flashed from the ceiling . 
 the place was so stuffed that emily had had her toes stepped on a zillion times . 
 the air had a sweaty , humid quality to it , and every few seconds a flash popped . 
 `` it 's great to see you all groovin ' , people ! '' 
 jeremy called from the stage as the dj launched into `` i 'm sexy and i know it . '' 
 a bunch of girls screamed . 
 emily watched them as they barreled toward the dance floor , keeping her eyes peeled for a tall girl with dark hair and haunting eyes-ghost girl , she 'd begun to call her . 
 she 'd thought of little else since their interaction on the balcony . 
 had there been something magical between them , or was it just her imagination ? 
 and why had she let the girl go without asking who she was ? 
 spencer , whose eyes kept wandering all over the crowd , too , pointed at a table across the room . 
 `` how about some ice cream ? '' 
 she was looking at the make-your-own sundae bar in the corner . 
 it was slightly less crowded than other parts of the party , so emily and the others made a beeline for it . 
 as they chose their glasses and long silver spoons , aria nudged emily , her gaze on someone across the room . 
 `` hey , is that your roommate over there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 emily looked through the dancing bodies . 
 a tall girl with dip-dyed blond-to-brown hair in a tight black dress and black boots was holding court in a booth . 
 her chocolate-brown eyes were heavily lined and shadowed , and her lips were a vampy red , reminding emily a little of angelina jolie . 
 the silver cross around her neck made her seem both untouchable and irresistible . 
 a few snooty-looking blond girls were sitting with her , and about eight guys flocked around them , flirting . 
 emily rolled her eyes . 
 `` yes . '' 
 hanna , who had just plopped a modest-sized scoop of vanilla into her bowl , gasped . 
 `` your roommate is erin bang bang ? '' 
 emily gave her a crazy look . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` erin bang bang . 
 but just the guys call her that , not the girls . 
 she 's from villa louisa , that catholic school that 's obsessed with sex . '' 
 `` i heard a rumor about that girl today , '' spencer said as she deliberated over chocolate or rainbow sprinkles . 
 `` she 's the one who dumped justin bieber because he was too boring , right ? '' 
 `` noel told me she made out with the pastry chef minutes after the boat disembarked , '' aria piped up . 
 `` he created a dessert in her honor . '' 
 hanna made a face . 
 `` she 's not that great . '' 
 emily stared at the labels on the tubs of ice cream . 
 they all had politically correct names like free-trade vanilla , sensitively harvested chocolate , organic strawberry , and cruelty-free rocky road -lrb- no marshmallows -rrb- . 
 then she eyed erin again . 
 `` this afternoon , she walked into our room for about one minute , took one look at me , and walked out again , '' she said stiffly . 
 `` i guess she thought i was a sucky choice for a roommate . '' 
 `` aw , em . '' 
 hanna placed her hand on her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sure it was n't because of anything you did . '' 
 `` i 'd love to be your roommate , '' aria added . 
 `` i 'm stuck with this girl from tate who 's obsessed with the talent show at the end of the trip . 
 she 's already working on a song-and her voice is awful . '' 
 emily smiled at all of them , instantly feeling better . 
 one good thing had come out of this a mess : she 'd reunited with her friends for real . 
 they moved closer to erin bang bang 's booth . 
 now she was sitting on the lap of a tall guy with surfer-dude blond hair . 
 `` what do you say to a titanic moment later on ? '' 
 she cooed to him loudly , sounding a little drunk . 
 surfer dude widened his eyes . 
 `` which moment would that be ? 
 ` i 'm the king of the world ' ? 
 the part where leo sketches kate in the nude ? '' 
 `` whatever moment you want , '' erin bang bang said , trailing her finger up the boy 's cheek . 
 `` want to meet in your room in an hour ? '' 
 emily turned away . 
 so much for a heart-to-heart bonding session tonight . 
 for some reason , she felt like erin was rejecting her , not just being a slut . 
 spencer grabbed a napkin from the stack . 
 `` forget about her , em-we 'll have a great time together . '' 
 she pointed at a talent show poster on the wall , which featured silhouettes of kids dancing a la the ipod ads . 
 `` why do n't we do an act together ? '' 
 hanna rolled her eyes . 
 `` why is everyone so into this stupid talent show ? 
 did n't they go out in , like , fourth grade ? '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 aria nudged her . 
 `` we could all make up a dance routine . '' 
 `` what about a hula dance ? '' 
 emily suggested , spooning up whipped cream from the top of her sundae . 
 `` we could wear bathing suits and make grass skirts . '' 
 `` perfect , '' spencer said . 
 when she noticed hanna 's sour face , she poked her arm . 
 `` you 're doing it with us whether you like it or not . '' 
 `` fine , '' hanna said , rolling her eyes . 
 sundaes in hand , they pushed through the crowd toward a booth that had just opened up . 
 emily slumped into the seat and gazed around the huge room once more . 
 kids hung on the railings and crammed against the bar . 
 when she saw a flash of a white dress , her heart sped up a little . 
 ghost girl ? 
 but then the girl stepped out from the crowd . 
 she had a stubby blond ponytail and a big nose . 
 emily 's shoulders drooped in disappointment . 
 a new song came on , and jeremy 's voice boomed through the speakers . 
 `` this is going to be the last song of the night . 
 i hope everyone had a great time , but we got ta get our beauty sleep ! '' 
 spencer snorted into her hand . 
 `` beauty sleep ? 
 that dude is so weird . '' 
 `` does anyone else think he 's sort of a lech ? '' 
 hanna whispered . 
 `` i swear i 've felt someone watching me all day . 
 and when i turn around , he 's always there . '' 
 `` are you sure it 's not a ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` a 's not on the ship , '' emily insisted . 
 `` did n't you see all that security checking ids at the gate ? '' 
 aria raised an eyebrow . 
 `` who says a does n't have an id ? 
 i 'm with hanna . 
 ever since i boarded the cruise , i 've felt ... weird . 
 like someone is watching , but then ducking away before i can see who it is . '' 
 `` but ... '' emily trailed off . 
 she did n't even want to consider the idea of a being on the boat . 
 she glanced around . 
 a shadow slipped behind a large potted plant , but when emily turned to see who it was , no one was there . 
 james freed was grinding against a few girls from pritchard . 
 phi templeton carried a big dish of ice cream to her seat . 
 as beyonce launched into a new verse , jeremy cleared his throat . 
 `` one other thing , guys . 
 not to be a buzzkill , but some items have gone missing from people 's rooms . 
 please know we do n't tolerate this behavior . 
 respect the earth , respect people 's stuff , you know ? '' 
 zora-jean jaffrey , a bookish girl from rosewood day whom everyone called z-j , banged her spoon against her sundae glass from the next table over . 
 `` that thief took my makeup bag ! '' 
 she said to her group of friends . 
 `` my mom quilted it for me and everything ! '' 
 when the song ended , the lights came up . 
 kids started toward the exit . 
 spencer leaned forward . 
 `` so what 's our game plan , guys ? 
 what should we do about a ? '' 
 `` we should try to put together all the clues as to who a might be , '' emily said , shrugging . 
 `` it 's someone who knows everything , who was in jamaica and rosewood . 
 i feel like the answer is right in front of us , and we just do n't see it . '' 
 `` watch what you say , '' aria said warily . 
 `` a might be right in front of us-literally . 
 if anyone sees anything weird , send a text , okay ? '' 
 `` and maybe we should just enjoy ourselves a little , too . '' 
 spencer dabbed her mouth with a napkin . 
 `` we have n't had a chance to breathe since tabitha 's body was found . 
 this might be a good opportunity . '' 
 `` that 's not a bad idea , '' aria murmured . 
 `` i just hope i can relax . '' 
 then hanna mumbled something about hanging out with naomi zeigler , her roommate . 
 as emily was tossing her napkin in the trash , aria touched her arm . 
 `` are you going to be okay alone ? '' 
 emily shrugged . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 lonely , she thought , but fine . 
 `` if you need to talk tonight , call me . 
 promise ? '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 emily hugged her . 
 `` same with you , okay ? '' 
 `` same for all of us , '' spencer said . 
 they parted ways . 
 emily boarded a stuffed elevator to the sunshine deck . 
 when the car stopped on her floor , she got off and walked down the hall , looking at the marker boards the ship had affixed to everyone 's doors . 
 most of them had dirty drawings or scrawled messages making plans for when and where to meet . 
 when she arrived at her own door , though , there were a bunch of hearts on the board and eleven notes for erin , all signed with guys ' names . 
 a guy wearing a lacoste polo with longish blond-brown hair and a beaky nose was penning a note as she approached . 
 he stepped back and watched emily pull out her keycard , then shrugged . 
 `` do you want to do something tonight ? '' 
 he asked after a moment . 
 `` ew , no , '' emily said , brushing past him and slamming the door . 
 her room had a preppy , nautical theme , with navy-and-white-striped bedspreads , lots of wood trim , and light fixtures and drawer pulls in the shapes of anchors , swordfish , and manta rays . 
 the bathroom light was on , the timer ticking away , and there was a sky-blue towel on the floor that emily did n't remember putting there . 
 a type of perfume emily had never smelled before lingered in the air , and a discarded t-shirt lay on erin 's bed . 
 but erin was nowhere in sight . 
 she flopped back on the mattress , shut her eyes , and felt the almost imperceptible sensation of the boat cutting across the sea . 
 she heard a slight rustling sound , but figured it was probably the water lapping against the side of the ship . 
 but how was that possible ? 
 this room was eight flights up from ground level , nowhere close to the water . 
 there were more rustles . 
 emily looked around . 
 the room seemed eerily still all of a sudden , as though all of the sound and air had been sucked out through a straw . 
 the sound came from the little closet in the corner on erin 's side of the room . 
 bump . 
 she swung her legs off the bed and stared at the small door . 
 something was scraping against the walls desperately , as if clawing to get out . 
 suddenly , the bathroom timer dinged , and the only light in the room clicked off , drowning the room in darkness . 
 it was so black , in fact , that emily could n't see an inch in front of her face . 
 a horrible thought took shape in her mind . 
 what if the others were right ? 
 what if a-real ali-was on the boat ? 
 there was another bump , and then a scrape . 
 it seemed like someone was inside , trying to break free . 
 emily shrieked and scuttled to the opposite wall , ducking behind one of the long curtains . 
 and then , she smelled it : a slight whiff of vanilla , wafting out from across the room . 
 it was the soap both alis , real and theirs , had always used . 
 emily 's fingers trembled as she reached for her cell phone , ready to dial aria , but then the phone slipped from her fingers , banging to the floor and tumbling under the bed . 
 then there was a loud , long , nerve-rattling creak . 
 she peered at the closet through a gap in the curtains and could just make out the door in the darkness . 
 the little starfish-shaped doorknob began to turn , and the door began to open , revealing whoever it was inside . 
 she yelped , untangled herself from the curtains , and dove for the door that led to the hall , but her foot caught on one of erin 's discarded boots and she went flying onto the carpet . 
 she scrambled to her hands and knees , then glanced behind her and screamed . 
 the closet door was wide open now , and a figure matching ali 's height and weight was staring at her . 
 `` stay away ! '' 
 she screamed , crawling toward the door . 
 `` i 'll call security ! '' 
 `` please do n't ! '' 
 the figure cried . 
 `` then get out of my room ! '' 
 emily screamed . 
 `` get out now ! '' 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 emily paused with her hand on the knob . 
 it was a plaintive , desperate cry , not a threatening one . 
 the voice did n't sound like ali 's , either . 
 `` w-why ? '' 
 she stammered . 
 `` because i 'm a stowaway ! '' 
 the figure said . 
 `` i have nowhere else to go ! '' 
 emily noticed a small , quilted makeup bag on the floor of the closet , illuminated by a thin strip of moonlight . 
 stitched on the side was the name zora-jean . 
 `` my name is jordan richards , '' the girl said . 
 `` i snuck on this boat because i had no money . 
 i did n't think it would actually work , but now i 'm here , and i do n't have a room , and ... '' then she stepped into the moonlight . 
 she had large green eyes , full lips , and thick , dark hair held back by a velvet headband . 
 she wore a white eyelet dress and ballet flats with grosgrain trim . 
 emily gasped . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` me , '' the girl answered , and then faintly smiled . 
 ghost girl . 
 emily sank down to her bed , trying to focus . 
 `` you snuck on the boat ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 ghost girl-jordan-nodded . 
 `` this morning . 
 i wanted to come on the cruise , but my parents did n't have the money . '' 
 she made a wry face . 
 `` actually , they did n't want to spend the money . 
 we 're not exactly close . '' 
 `` okay , '' emily said slowly . 
 `` how did you get on ? '' 
 jordan leaned against the wall next to the closet . 
 `` there was so much confusion when everyone was checking in that i thought , what if i just walked on ? 
 would anyone notice ? 
 so i did . 
 but then the ship pulled away from the dock , and i panicked . 
 i did n't have my passport . 
 i did n't have any stuff . 
 and i did n't have a room to sleep in . 
 i was screwed . '' 
 `` do n't you know other people on the ship who could help you out ? '' 
 jordan shook her head . 
 `` i just moved to the philly area a few weeks ago , so i do n't really know anyone yet . '' 
 `` what school are you going to ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 `` ulster , '' jordan said , staring absently out the little circular porthole . 
 a crack formed in emily 's brain when she looked at z-j 's bag again . 
 `` you were the person stealing stuff from people 's rooms , right ? '' 
 jordan looked sheepish . 
 `` a lot of people left their doors open while moving in , '' she said . 
 `` it was easy to slip in and out of the rooms . 
 that 's how i got into your room , too . 
 i camped out here for a couple hours and took a nap . '' 
 she grabbed z-j 's bag and a couple of other duffels from inside the closet . 
 `` anyway , i 'll let you get some rest now . 
 sorry i freaked you out . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 emily caught her arm before she could go . 
 `` d-do you want to stay here ? '' 
 jordan froze , halfway standing . 
 `` for the night ? '' 
 `` for ... maybe longer than the night , '' emily blurted . 
 `` i have a feeling my roommate is n't going to sleep here much . 
 there 's a spare bed . '' 
 jordan squinted . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 emily traced her finger over the threads on the comforter . 
 she 'd surprised herself by asking , but maybe it was n't such a bad idea . 
 she felt sorry for jordan , definitely , but she was also lonely being in the room by herself . 
 besides , emily found it almost impossible to take her eyes off jordan 's high cheekbones , her kissable lips-in a platonic way , of course . 
 her cheeks flushed , and she was suddenly afraid jordan could read her thoughts . 
 `` we ca n't have you sleeping on a chaise by the pool . '' 
 she patted the bed next to hers . 
 `` it 's yours if you want it . '' 
 jordan nodded slowly . 
 `` i 'd love that , if you 're sure . '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' emily said , and then , because she thought it sounded buddy-buddy , added , `` roomie . '' 
 jordan held her gaze . 
 `` roomie , '' she repeated , as if it were an antiquated word she 'd never heard before . 
 then she stood up , walked toward emily , and gave her a huge hug . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 this is wonderful . '' 
 emily remained as stiff as she could , though she wanted to bury her face in jordan 's neck and inhale the sweet scent of her skin . 
 `` you 're welcome so much , '' she said back . 
 but really , it was jordan she should have been thanking . 
 6 spencer 's last-ditch effort the following morning , spencer and her roommate , kirsten cullen , stepped out of their room and started toward the elevators . 
 the air smelled of lingering shampoo from people 's bathrooms ; bacon , eggs , and coffee from the restaurant ; and sunscreen . 
 the turquoise sky and navy-blue sea loomed large out the huge windows at the end of the corridor , and the hallway walls were papered with flyers reminding everyone to sign up for the end-of-cruise talent show . 
 spencer made a mental note to sign up their hula routine later that day . 
 kirsten stretched her arms over her head and let out a low moan . 
 `` i am so jealous of you for not getting seasick last night . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 i do n't even know if i 'll be able to dive today ! '' 
 spencer nudged her playfully . 
 `` we 're at sea . 
 where do you think we 're going to dive ? '' 
 the two of them were taking scuba , which counted as a class credit , and they were headed for the first lesson , which was taking place in one of the fitness centers . 
 spencer was overjoyed that she 'd been randomly paired with kirsten , especially hearing about her friends ' matches . 
 field hockey buddies for years , she and kirsten had already roomed together when traveling to out-of-state games . 
 `` this is just a getting-to-know-you , everyone-try-on-the-equipment , here-are-some-water-safety-tips kind of thing , '' spencer added knowingly . 
 `` i 've been through plenty of these before . '' 
 spencer had gotten her scuba certification at fourteen ; she could probably write the book on scuba safety . 
 after getting off on the top floor , they passed one of the restaurants , which teemed with guys loading their plates at the buffet line , girls whispering at the tables , and kids flirting and gossiping near the espresso bar . 
 then spencer spied someone 's tall , straight back in front of the giant aquarium , and she suppressed a nervous squeak . 
 `` reefer ? '' 
 she called out , her voice cracking only a little . 
 reefer turned . 
 his whole face lit up when he caught sight of her . 
 this was the first time they 'd seen each other on the boat . 
 they 'd tried to connect yesterday , but , like kirsten , reefer had spent the evening in his room , seasick . 
 `` can i walk you to scuba ? '' 
 reefer asked , a little bashfully . 
 `` sure , '' spencer said , trying to temper her smile . 
 she glanced at kirsten to see if it was okay , but kirsten had tactfully walked on . 
 `` oh , and surprise . '' 
 reefer proffered a smoothie from behind his back . 
 `` this is for you . 
 it 's banana-papaya . '' 
 `` my favorite , '' spencer breathed , thrilled he 'd remembered . 
 she 'd mentioned liking those flavors together just once on the phone . 
 their hands touched as she took it from him . 
 chills zinged up spencer 's spine . 
 she snuck a peek at reefer 's face , taking in his chiseled jaw and his amber-colored eyes . 
 this was the first time she 'd laid eyes on him since princeton-since she 'd realized she liked him . 
 how could she have not remembered his strong shoulders or how pink and kissable his lips were ? 
 why had n't she taken note of the cute freckles on his cheeks ? 
 even his dreadlocks , threadbare hemp sneakers , and oversized tie-dyed shirt were suddenly endearing . 
 she pushed a lock of hair behind her ear , feeling the back of her neck redden . 
 `` um , how are you feeling ? '' 
 she blurted , suddenly needing to fill the silence . 
 `` you must have been bummed to miss out on the welcome party . '' 
 she 'd almost been tempted to knock on his cabin door with a glass of ginger ale and some dramamine , but she 'd worried that might seem too forward . 
 `` eh , it 's all good , '' reefer said , starting down the hall toward the scuba class . 
 `` i watched movies on pay-per-view . 
 did you get sick ? 
 those waves were pretty vicious . '' 
 spencer shook her head . 
 `` i 've never been seasick . 
 i 'm used to boats . '' 
 `` lucky , '' reefer sighed . 
 `` have you been diving for a while ? '' 
 spencer nodded . 
 `` i 've been certified for a couple years . 
 i 'm hoping to go on some private dives without the rest of the group . 
 i do n't really like diving around a lot of people . '' 
 reefer held the door to the stairwell open for her . 
 `` would you mind some company ? 
 i mean , i only got certified last year , but i 'm a quick learner , i swear . 
 and i bet you 're a pretty good tour guide . '' 
 spencer put a finger to her mouth , coyly pretending to contemplate the offer . 
 `` but what if i wanted those dives to be private ? 
 what do i get in return for bringing you along ? '' 
 reefer paused on the staircase , his eyes sparkling playfully . 
 `` how about my most cherished 1977 grateful dead concert t-shirt ? '' 
 spencer gave him a skeptical look . 
 `` the one you bought off ebay that still smells like pot after all those washings ? 
 no thank you . '' 
 `` it does n't smell like pot ! '' 
 reefer urged . 
 `` it smells fine . 
 i wear it to school all the time and no one questions me , i swear . '' 
 spencer secretly felt thrilled at the idea of wearing a t-shirt that reefer had worn , too . 
 it seemed so ... boy-friendly . 
 they 'd reached the door to the seahorse gym , the site of the first scuba class , by then . 
 elliptical machines , stair climbers , and treadmills lined the window wall , and about thirty folding chairs stood on the mats . 
 kirsten was in the front row , filing her nails . 
 quite a few kids grabbed coffee and bagels from a catered tray in the back . 
 tim , the instructor spencer had met at the activity fair the day before , stood over a couple of cardboard boxes , sorting through oxygen tanks and wetsuits . 
 spencer faced reefer again , feeling a tingly , excited rush . 
 reefer was smiling at her , too . 
 then she was suddenly gripped with a wonderful idea . 
 she touched reefer 's arm . 
 `` let 's ditch . '' 
 reefer widened his eyes . 
 `` class ? '' 
 `` we both already know how to dive . 
 why not ? '' 
 reefer , clapped a hand over his mouth , feigning shock . 
 `` are n't you the girl who 's gotten the perfect attendance award every year ? '' 
 spencer shrugged . 
 `` i 'm on vacation . '' 
 she could just picture it : grabbing reefer 's hand and pulling him down to one of the lower lounges , which were probably empty at this time of morning , and sitting in a back booth . 
 they 'd gossip about people on the boat , plan outings for after their dives , and then their heads would move closer together , and then ... `` raif ? '' 
 it was coming from someone inside the classroom . 
 reefer turned . 
 his eyebrows shot up , and he took a step through the door . 
 `` it is you ! '' 
 a girl whooped . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 `` wow ! '' 
 reefer said . 
 and then he was hugging her . 
 really hugging her . 
 spencer stood in the doorway , feeling like a forgotten child 's toy tossed out a car window . 
 she cleared her throat a little more loudly than she meant to , and reefer turned around , his dreadlocks bouncing . 
 `` oh , spencer . 
 sorry . 
 this is - '' `` naomi , '' spencer blurted , staring at the girl who had stepped into view . 
 she gave spencer a haughty , threatening look . 
 `` hi , spencer , '' naomi chirped . 
 `` you 're taking scuba , too ? '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' spencer mumbled , eyeing naomi 's fingers , which were grazing reefer 's . 
 she glanced at the door , considering ditching without him . 
 but suddenly , it did n't seem like a very fun idea at all . 
 7 a partner in crime that morning , aria and about thirty other kids stood in the shade of the giant pink waterslide on the top deck of the cruise ship , eagerly awaiting the start of the eco scavenger hunt . 
 the air smelled like wood-floor cleaner , spicy deodorant , and boat fuel that the captain had insisted was totally eco-friendly , though aria had her doubts . 
 everyone fanned their faces , applied high-powered sunscreen to ward off the punishing caribbean sun , and chattered excitedly about what the activity was going to entail . 
 finally , the activity leader got off her cell phone and turned to the group . 
 `` welcome ! '' 
 she cried , her freckly face breaking into a smile . 
 `` my name is gretchen vine , and you guys are in for a treat . 
 think of this hunt like the amazing race-we give you clues and cash to get to your destination , and the first group to figure out all the riddles wins . '' 
 `` wins what ? '' 
 a brunette girl whose string bikini straps peeked out from underneath her shirt asked . 
 gretchen smiled and unveiled two white gift certificates to the apple store , and everyone oohed . 
 `` they 're worth a thousand dollars each . '' 
 then gretchen passed out little red wallets that said eco treasure hunt on the front . 
 `` carry your clues in here , '' she instructed . 
 `` you 'll need to show me what you found at the end of each day . '' 
 `` will we get to do any camping ? 
 extreme hikes ? 
 role-playing ? '' 
 a boy called . 
 gretchen frowned , fiddling with her necklace . 
 `` well , we need you to return to the ship every night-otherwise we 'd have to send out a search party . 
 the hikes take you over a lot of terrain , but i would n't call them extreme . 
 and i 'm not sure what you mean by role-playing-perhaps you can elaborate ? '' 
 the speaker , a guy with longish brown hair and thick eyebrows , waved his hand dismissively . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 gretchen told them they would have to scour beachheads , traipse over dunes , bushwhack through tropical rain forests , and navigate busy city streets to extract information that would lead them , ultimately , to the prize . 
 aria exchanged excited glances with kids next to her . 
 there were quite a few couples holding hands in the group , and she felt a longing pang . 
 maybe noel would have chosen the scavenger hunt if he had known about the prize . 
 `` okay , the first thing i need you guys to do is split up into groups of two , '' gretchen said after she 'd called roll . 
 the couples paired up . 
 other kids turned to people they knew . 
 aria spun around , but everyone from rosewood day had already found partners . 
 even her roommate , a sweet , quiet girl named sasha who 'd also signed up for the scavenger hunt , had paired up with another bookish-looking girl from her school . 
 as more and more people grouped together , she felt a self-conscious twinge . 
 years ago , when kids at rosewood day teamed up at recess , formed partnerships in art class , or picked groups for an english project , goofy , friendless aria was often the last to be chosen . 
 is it because i have a pink stripe in my hair ? 
 she would wonder . 
 or is it because of some innate , loserish quality that i do n't even know i have ? 
 `` those of you who do n't have a partner , raise your hands , '' gretchen announced . 
 aria sheepishly lifted her palm a few inches . 
 several other kids did , too . 
 gretchen matched those who did n't have partners with one another . 
 when she got to aria , she pointed her toward the guy who 'd just asked about camping and role-playing . 
 `` you two okay to work together ? '' 
 the boy looked at aria and shrugged . 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 he extended a hand to aria . 
 `` i 'm graham pratt . '' 
 `` aria montgomery . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 he had pretty hazel eyes and wore gray toms shoes , beaten-up army-surplus shorts , and a faded t-shirt with what looked like a shield on the front and a small hole in the shoulder . 
 `` do i know you from somewhere ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he seemed familiar , but she could n't quite place him . 
 `` do you go to a school on the main line ? '' 
 graham 's brow crinkled . 
 `` no , i go to school in philly . '' 
 then he brightened . 
 `` wait . 
 are you in sca ? '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` society for creative anachronism ! '' 
 graham grinned . 
 aria hid a smile . 
 her cousin stewart was in sca , and he talked about it nonstop . 
 it was like a year-round renaissance fair , where people role-play parts in a medieval society . 
 he 'd met his wife there , in fact-she 'd been a kitchen wench , and he played the guy who collected dead plague victims in a wooden cart . 
 `` uh , no , '' aria answered after a moment . 
 but then , in an attempt at diplomacy , she added , `` but it 's always sounded really cool . '' 
 `` you should join ! '' 
 graham looked excited . 
 `` there 's a meet-up in camden next month . '' 
 `` i 'll get back to you on that , '' aria said . 
 `` but i still think i know you from somewhere . 
 did you spend time overseas ? 
 i lived in iceland for a few years , but i traveled to france , germany , austria , holland ... '' graham shook his head . 
 `` the last time i went to europe was with my parents when i was six . 
 last summer i backpacked through chile , though . '' 
 `` that must have been amazing ! '' 
 `` it was . '' 
 graham looked wistful . 
 `` it was for an sca conference-we anointed a new king . '' 
 then he peered at her curiously . 
 `` what was iceland like ? '' 
 `` magical , '' aria said softly , though when she opened her mouth to wax poetic about iceland , all she could think about was her last trip to the country , the one she 'd taken with noel , mike , and hanna-the one she never wanted to think about again . 
 she fixed her gaze across the boat instead . 
 several kids were swimming laps in the pool . 
 emily , who had volunteered to lifeguard , sat on the stand , twirling a whistle around her finger . 
 aria considered waving , but emily seemed like her thoughts were a million miles away . 
 she turned back to graham . 
 `` so anyway , i 'm really excited about the scavenger hunt , '' she said , deciding to change the subject . 
 `` me too , '' graham said . 
 `` a buddy of mine was supposed to do it with me , but he changed his mind at the last minute . '' 
 `` yeah , i tried to get my boyfriend into this , but he wanted to surf instead , '' aria said . 
 `` it 's cool , though . 
 he seemed really excited for it . '' 
 graham nodded . 
 `` i 'm not sure my girlfriend would have wanted to do this , either . 
 she was more of the tanning type . '' 
 `` is she on the cruise ? '' 
 graham scratched his nose , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` no . 
 and , uh , well , we 're actually not together anymore , so ... '' he trailed off and sat down on one of the benches that lined the pool . 
 `` so you 're from the main line , huh ? 
 does that make you a snob ? '' 
 `` far from it ! '' 
 aria scoffed . 
 `` most of the time , i feel really out of place there . 
 like it 's not really where i 'm supposed to be . '' 
 `` i used to feel that way in my old town-it was a really stuffy suburb , too , '' graham said . 
 `` i was thrilled when my family moved to philly last year . '' 
 `` where did you live before that ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` maplewood , new jersey , '' graham said . 
 `` maplewood ? '' 
 aria blurted . 
 according to the tabitha clark memorial website , tabitha had gone to high school in maplewood . 
 graham gave a resigned sigh . 
 `` let me guess-you 've been following the tabitha clark case . '' 
 aria 's stomach felt like it had been filled with hot , explosive fizz . 
 `` did you know her ? '' 
 graham stared into the middle distance , his blue eyes muddy . 
 and then , before he said another word , aria knew why he looked so familiar . 
 she recalled a video she 'd seen on the tabitha clark website of a cute boy dancing with tabitha at prom . 
 she saw his name next to posts about a pizza party fund-raiser in tabitha 's honor . 
 she even recalled his voice on cnn , talking about the last time he saw tabitha , a few months before she died . 
 all of this passed through her mind in a matter of seconds . 
 and then graham raised his teary eyes to aria , uttering exactly what she feared . 
 `` yeah . 
 tabitha was my girlfriend . '' 
 8 license to kill later that night , hanna took mike 's hand as they stepped off the elevator on the palm tree deck . 
 `` nine-oh-seven is that way , '' he murmured , then turned right and started down a long corridor . 
 hanna followed him , shooting a haughty look at phi templeton , who had paused eagerly at her cabin door . 
 hanna and mike were on their way to a top-secret , exclusive party in mason byers 's suite , but not everyone was invited . 
 they passed a long mirror , and hanna gazed at her reflection . 
 she was definitely party-ready . 
 her skin glowed with a brand-new tan ; the gauzy , burnt-orange sundress she 'd bought at the king james floated softly away from her hips ; and the gladiator heels she 'd purchased just before the trip made her legs look so superlong that she did n't mind that they pinched her feet a little . 
 mike stopped at the last door at the end of the hall . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 they listened for a moment . 
 bass thumped from inside . 
 a girl squealed , and a bunch of guys laughed . 
 the scent of booze and cigarettes wafted under the door . 
 hanna bit her lip . 
 `` what if the chaperone hears us ? 
 i do n't want to get in trouble . '' 
 mike 's thick brows knitted together . 
 `` since when do you care about getting in trouble ? '' 
 hanna wound a piece of perfectly curled auburn hair around her finger . 
 `` i do n't want to have to give up any more tanning time to sit in some cruise ship 's idea of detention . 
 it 's bad enough i have to work in the dungeon . '' 
 she had n't bothered to sign up for a volunteer job before the cruise , so she 'd been randomly assigned a position in the ship 's administration office . 
 the office was in the bowels of the ship , run by a woman named vera who wore a thousand tiny barrettes in her hair and was obsessed with country music . 
 hanna was supposed to do mind-numbing data entry about the ship 's capacity the whole morning-vera tried to make it seem so interesting that this particular vessel could hold almost a hundred more guests than were on board . 
 mostly , she 'd just googled how she could make a grass skirt look sexy for the end-of-trip talent show . 
 `` do n't worry , '' mike said . 
 `` mason paid off this hallway 's chaperone to keep quiet . 
 we 're cool . '' 
 then he knocked on the door . 
 it opened a crack . 
 `` password ? '' 
 said a gruff voice . 
 `` flipper , '' mike whispered . 
 the door opened , and they walked into a suite packed with bodies . 
 the patio door was open wide , letting in the warm , fragrant air , and a bunch of people leaned over the railing or sat on the deck chairs . 
 on the kitchen 's counter were a bunch of airplane bottles of liquor , a half-drained jug of rum , plastic cups , and pretzels , peanuts , and mandm 's from the minibar . 
 rihanna blared from an ipod dock , and a few people were dancing on one of the beds . 
 the room smelled thickly of perfume , sweat , and all-natural carpet cleaner . 
 `` welcome to our soiree . '' 
 mason strode forward and offered hanna and mike cups filled with rum and diet coke . 
 he was wearing his rosewood day blazer , a striped tie loosely knotted around his neck , and a pair of seersucker shorts that looked suspiciously like boxers . 
 hanna accepted the drink , then started through the crowd . 
 a lot of kids from rosewood day were here , as well as people from doringbell friends , pritchard , and tate . 
 a couple of blond bombshells from villa louisa were doing shots with james freed and a few other boys from the lacrosse team . 
 maybe it was something about the hot , humid air , or maybe it was the smell of the coconut sunscreen everyone was wearing , but suddenly hanna was reminded of the parties they 'd attended in jamaica-especially that crowded dinner the night they met tabitha . 
 they 'd all been sitting at the table , drinking and having a good time , when emily had grabbed their arm . 
 `` it 's ali , '' she 'd said , and there was tabitha on the top step , looking eerie and familiar in that yellow dress ... jesus . 
 why was she thinking about it again ? 
 she grabbed mike 's arm . 
 `` let 's dance . '' 
 `` aye , aye , captain , '' mike said . 
 they hit the dance floor and started moving to a wiz khalifa song . 
 hanna shook her arms and legs like a dervish , trying to purge the negative thoughts from her mind . 
 a lil wayne song came on next , and then there was a medley of stuff from madonna 's latest album . 
 by the time someone put on vintage nirvana , she was slightly winded from dancing and much more relaxed . 
 `` i 'll get more drinks , '' mike said . 
 hanna nodded woozily and wandered out to the balcony , where kids were staring at the moon . 
 a hand touched hanna 's bare shoulder , and she turned , thinking mike was back . 
 instead , it was naomi . 
 hanna instantly inhaled a heady whiff of her fruity kate spade perfume . 
 hanna brightened . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` hey , girl , '' naomi chirped . 
 `` good to see you here . '' 
 hanna smiled but did n't answer , not wanting to seem too eager . 
 it still baffled her that naomi was being nice . 
 they 'd hung out at the welcome soiree a little and had gotten breakfast this morning , which had instantly upped her cool-girl cred-a few girls had said hi to her in the corridors afterward . 
 naomi had even asked if hanna wanted to tan this afternoon , but hanna had had her jewelry-making class . 
 hanna kept waiting for naomi to prank her , ditch her , or laugh in her face , but so far , so good . 
 naomi had finally woken up and realized hanna was cool . 
 `` i do n't know how you dance in those shoes . '' 
 naomi pointed to the high , strappy gladiator heels on hanna 's feet . 
 `` they 're incredible . 
 are they from salt and pepper ? '' 
 hanna flinched . 
 actually , the shoes were from salt and pepper , but the store was in the slightly down-market section of the king james mall-definitely uncool . 
 the only reason hanna shopped there was because their knockoffs were so good people often could n't tell the difference . 
 `` um , my mom bought them for me , '' she mumbled . 
 `` i do n't know where she got them . '' 
 `` c'mon , han , '' naomi said in a knowing voice . 
 `` i saw those in the store window . '' 
 then she leaned closer , a conspiratorial look in her eye . 
 `` i almost bought them myself , actually . 
 shopping there is my little secret . 
 it 's such a great store , but everyone would make fun of me if they knew . 
 look-i 'm wearing salt and pepper shoes , too . '' 
 she lifted her foot to show off a pink kitten heel that hanna did , indeed , recognize from the store 's shelves . 
 `` it is a pretty great store . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 it 's the best ! '' 
 naomi 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` we ca n't tell anyone about it though-it has to be our little secret . 
 otherwise everyone will go , and there will be nothing good left . '' 
 `` definitely , '' hanna said in a mock-haughty voice , secretly thrilled that she and naomi were in on something together . 
 `` not even riley , '' naomi went on . 
 `` and definitely not your stepsister . 
 got it ? '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 hanna ran her fingers over the plastic ridges on her cup , feeling triumphant . 
 naomi and kate had been bffs since kate had started at rosewood day . 
 hanna and kate had been getting along lately , and kate had told her she was in a fight with naomi . 
 the way kate had put it , though , naomi was the one at fault . 
 naomi propped her elbows on the railing and stared back in at the party . 
 `` zelda millings looks pretty good in that halter dress , do n't you think ? '' 
 hanna studied the pale blond girl who 'd snubbed her the day before across the room . 
 `` eh , '' she said , feeling triumphant that the tables had turned . 
 `` it makes her boobs look really small . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 naomi nodded sagely . 
 `` but at least that color does n't make her look like an albino . '' 
 `` she 's going to have a wicked sunburn at the end of the week , '' hanna mused . 
 naomi twisted her mouth . 
 `` you know who i wish would get wicked sunburns ? '' 
 `` the girls from villa louisa ? '' 
 hanna blurted out . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 naomi whooped , then touched hanna 's arm . 
 `` oh my god , do n't you think they 're so annoying ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 hanna felt a rush of satisfaction . 
 it felt good to bash the villa gorillas . 
 `` did you know emily fields is rooming with that erin bang bang girl ? '' 
 naomi winced . 
 `` she 's the worst . 
 i got stuck working in the administration offices on the boat because i was really lazy about signing up for something else , and she works the shift with me . 
 that bitch did n't say one word to me the whole time . '' 
 hanna frowned . 
 `` wait , you 're working in the admin office ? 
 so am i ! '' 
 `` with vera ? '' 
 naomi asked . 
 `` oh my god , vera ! '' 
 hanna giggled . 
 `` what 's with all those sappy love songs ? '' 
 `` and those barrettes ? '' 
 naomi added , holding in a laugh . 
 `` she looks like a poodle ! '' 
 `` does n't that office have the weirdest smell ? '' 
 hanna pretended to gag . 
 `` yeah , like a mix of feet , wet dog , and old lady , '' naomi groaned . 
 `` it could be worse , though , '' hanna said . 
 `` i heard some people who signed up late are on cleaning duty . 
 they have to scrub the boys ' toilets . '' 
 `` ew ! '' 
 naomi shrieked . 
 hanna grinned as she sipped her drink , feeling light-headed and free . 
 she felt like she 'd just discovered a new clothing designer whose jeans and tees and dresses fit her perfectly-and her name was naomi . 
 that naomi was giving hanna the same where have you been all my life ? 
 look made her feel even better . 
 then naomi shifted her weight . 
 `` i 've wanted to ask you something for a while . 
 did you ever get help for ... you know . 
 that eating thing ? '' 
 hanna bristled . 
 a million years ago , mona-as-a had forced her to confront naomi and riley last year and admit she had an eating disorder . 
 hanna glanced through the door , considering running away . 
 `` the only reason i ask is because i wanted to get a referral , '' naomi added when hanna did n't say anything . 
 hanna frowned . 
 `` for who ? '' 
 naomi looked down . 
 `` for myself , '' she murmured quietly . 
 hanna almost laughed out loud . 
 `` you binge ? 
 yeah , right . '' 
 naomi was a size 0 . 
 hanna had barely ever seen her eat . 
 naomi lowered her eyes . 
 `` with exercise . 
 it 's something i 've struggled with on and off for years . 
 i 've wanted to talk to you about it , actually-you 're the only person i know who 's suffered with it , too . 
 it 's not like i can talk to riley or kate about it . '' 
 `` i do n't really do it anymore , '' hanna said cautiously . 
 `` i did n't , either . '' 
 naomi traced her finger around the lip of the glass . 
 `` until last summer . 
 some weird stuff happened , so i started again . '' 
 hanna blinked hard . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' she said softly , still not quite believing what she was hearing . 
 but naomi 's expression looked earnest and guileless . 
 hanna had yearned to talk about bingeing with someone who 'd been through it as well , but so far she had n't come across anyone who 'd admit to it . 
 `` if you ever want to talk about it , i 'm here , '' she offered after a moment . 
 `` i know how hard it is . '' 
 `` thanks , '' naomi murmured , reaching across and squeezing hanna 's hand . 
 just then , mason byers stumbled out onto the patio . 
 his hair was mussed , and he was wearing a gold rosewood police badge on his lapel . 
 `` the name 's officer byers , ladies , '' he slurred . 
 `` are you two old enough to drink ? '' 
 `` of course we are , '' naomi winked . 
 `` can i see some id ? '' 
 mason demanded . 
 mike stuck his head out , too . 
 `` we 're making up a strip card game that uses everyone 's fake ids . 
 wan na play ? '' 
 he waved his own fake id in the air . 
 `` let me see that . '' 
 hanna stepped back into the room and grabbed for it . 
 mike had bragged about a new fake id , but he 'd been cagey about showing it to her . 
 she burst out laughing . 
 quincy thomas , the name on the card , had a blond crew cut and glasses . 
 the description said he was six foot ten , almost a foot taller than mike was . 
 she tossed it back to him . 
 `` no one 's going to think that 's you ! '' 
 mike held it protectively to his chest , his cheeks blazing . 
 `` all right , smart ass , let 's see yours . '' 
 hanna reached into her purse and pulled out her own fake id , which she 'd bought last year online and which featured her own picture and stats . 
 mason offered up his id , too , which he 'd gotten in new york city . 
 other kids added their ids to the pile . 
 one girl had a very convincing-looking japanese passport , even though she herself was n't japanese . 
 erin bang bang used her own photo for her fake . 
 the picture was so arresting and model-gorgeous that hanna guessed no bouncer or bartender would even bother to look at her birth date . 
 bitch . 
 `` hey , yours is pretty good , '' mike said to naomi as she dropped hers on the pile . 
 `` she even looks like you . '' 
 `` that 's because it 's my cousin 's , '' naomi explained . 
 a strange look came over her face . 
 `` it 's not like she needs it anymore . '' 
 hanna glanced at the photo , then did a double-take . 
 even though she 'd seen the girl for only one night , the face was unforgettable . 
 it was like a ghost staring back at her . 
 madison . 
 she backed away , tripping over an upended suitcase and nearly falling on her butt . 
 as she righted herself , her hands were suddenly shaking so badly she had to shove them into the folds of her dress . 
 the room felt hot and close , and so many people were staring at her , naomi included . 
 `` um , i have to ... '' hanna fumbled past everyone to the door . 
 she ran to the end of the hall , desperate to catch her breath . 
 then she noticed a french door that led to a small , open-air courtyard . 
 she slid it open and staggered to a shuffleboard court , leaning over onto her knees . 
 madison was naomi 's cousin . 
 and what did naomi mean when she said she did n't need the id anymore ? 
 was she dead ? 
 beep . 
 it was hanna 's phone . 
 she pulled it out of her purse , figuring it was mike . 
 but then she looked at the screen . 
 one new text message from anonymous . 
 `` no , '' she whispered , scanning the dark courtyard . 
 then she looked down at the screen . 
 with shaking fingers , she pressed read . 
 be careful who you hit and run , jailbird . 
 see you on the fiesta deck ! 
 - a 9 pretty little stowaway tuesday evening , emily and jordan sat on the bed in emily 's room . 
 empty potato chip wrappers from the vending machines were strewn around them , and jordan had made them virgin banana daiquiris from some drinks she 'd found in the mini bar . 
 one of emily 's swimming mixes was playing through her portable ipod speakers , and discovery , the only channel that had a signal besides cnn international-which jordan said she hated-was airing a show about yosemite park in the background , though neither girl was watching it . 
 `` okay , i need a verb , '' emily said , staring down at a book of mad libs she 'd found at the bottom of her bag , left there from an overnight swimming trip . 
 `` um , kissed , '' jordan said after a moment , popping a chip into her mouth . 
 emily wrote kissed into the space . 
 `` next i need a noun . '' 
 `` boobs , '' jordan said quickly . 
 emily laid down her pen and looked at the other words jordan had chosen . 
 sexily , tongue , humping , and sensual massage . 
 `` you realize this is a kid 's game , right ? 
 not a porno ? '' 
 `` what can i say ? '' 
 jordan snickered . 
 `` i 'm inspired by the spirit of erin bang bang . 
 even i 've heard rumors about how many guys she 's been with . '' 
 emily shuddered . 
 `` every time i see her , she 's with someone different . '' 
 jordan glanced at the door . 
 `` are you sure she 's not going to mind me staying here ? '' 
 emily shrugged . 
 `` i doubt erin 's going to be back for the rest of the trip , to be honest . 
 and if she does come in , we 'll just say you had a fight with your roommate . 
 you can even sleep in my bed if it makes you feel more comfortable . '' 
 her cheeks reddened a little at the suggestion , but surely jordan knew she meant it in a friendly way , right ? 
 jordan gave emily a relieved smile . 
 `` you 're a lifesaver , you know that ? '' 
 emily rolled her eyes . 
 `` you 've only told me that a zillion times . '' 
 then she stared back down at mad libs . 
 `` okay , i need an adverb . '' 
 `` lustily , '' jordan spouted quickly , and they both dissolved into laughter . 
 after emily penned it in , she breathed in the sudden scent of freshly popped microwave popcorn . 
 someone must have made some in the kitchen at the end of the hall . 
 `` that 's one of my favorite smells , '' she mused . 
 `` mine too , '' jordan said , clutching a pillow . 
 `` you got any others ? '' 
 emily thought for a moment . 
 `` rubber balls and gasoline , i guess . 
 and the smell of my old best friend 's bedroom . '' 
 `` alison 's ? '' 
 jordan asked . 
 emily nodded . 
 she 'd told jordan about ali almost immediately . 
 it was one of those things she just had to get out of the way when she made new friends these days-everyone had seen pretty little killer , the docudrama about what ali did to them , anyway . 
 `` i used to sneak into her bedroom during sleepovers , '' she admitted , blushing . 
 `` her room smelled like flowers and powder and just ... her . '' 
 `` you really loved her , huh ? '' 
 emily cast her eyes downward . 
 that was something else she 'd admitted to jordan right away : there was no use in hiding her attraction to girls anymore . 
 it was easy to tell jordan things , though-she was so accepting of everything that came out of emily 's mouth . 
 she 'd just smiled faintly and said that was fine with her . 
 she cleared her throat and looked up at jordan . 
 `` i meant to ask you . 
 do you need to call your parents ? 
 i have a phone card you can borrow . 
 they 're probably wondering where you are , right ? '' 
 jordan shrugged . 
 `` i said i was staying at a friend 's house for a while . 
 they wo n't check up on me . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 for a whole week ? '' 
 `` they probably do n't even notice i 'm gone . '' 
 jordan fiddled with her velvet headband . 
 `` my parents are way more concerned with their own lives . 
 they do n't really have time for me . 
 add in the fact that i 'm not the perfect daughter they always wanted , and they 'd probably rather i was just gone for good . '' 
 she said it nonchalantly , finishing with a sarcastic laugh , but the pain was obvious in her voice . 
 emily drew a squiggle in the margin . 
 `` sometimes i think my parents want me to disappear , too . '' 
 jordan looked up at her , clearly waiting for emily to say more . 
 `` i 've done some stuff to make them really mad , '' emily said vaguely . 
 even though she 'd shared a lot , she was n't ready to get into that . 
 but suddenly , jordan 's face had moved closer . 
 the air smelled heavily of jasmine perfume . 
 `` i do n't know why anyone would want you to disappear , '' she blurted . 
 `` no matter what you did . '' 
 emily held her breath , noticing for the first time that jordan 's eyes were the color of tourmaline gemstones . 
 then her cell phone let out a few sharp bleeps . 
 she groaned , rolled over , and looked at the screen . 
 hanna had sent a text . 
 a is on the boat . 
 meet me near the tiki bar now . 
 emily turned the phone over so jordan could n't see the message . 
 `` i-i 'll be back , '' she whispered , and was through the door before jordan could ask what had just happened . 
 ten minutes later , emily stood at the tiki bar , a steady rain pelting the awning above her head . 
 naturally , the deck was empty . 
 somewhere down below , she could hear the strains of new age music from a late cirque du soleil performance in the theater . 
 the elevator doors opened , and spencer and aria walked out . 
 they spied her and jogged over , shielding their heads from the rain . 
 hanna emerged up a staircase wearing a long sundress , high heels , and an incongruous oversized white hoodie that stretched to her mid thighs . 
 her eyes were wild , her face was pale , and she held her phone tightly in her right hand . 
 `` the bitch somehow made it on board with us , '' she snapped when they approached . 
 she thrust the phone at the girls . 
 emily stared at the text message on the screen . 
 be careful who you hit and run , jailbird . 
 see you on the fiesta deck ! 
 aria squinted at the note . 
 `` hit and run ? 
 what is a talking about ? '' 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 hanna said . 
 `` the accident on reeds lane ? 
 that horrible night in the rain ? 
 a knows . '' 
 emily 's mouth dropped open . 
 the night of hanna 's accident felt so far removed-it had happened at the beginning of the summer , before anything else . 
 she 'd found out she was pregnant just after spring break in jamaica , and though she 'd still been living at home when hanna had called , she was moving in with carolyn the following week , much to her sister 's chagrin . 
 when hanna called emily , she had almost declined-she had a little belly bulge at the time , and what if the other girls guessed what was going on ? 
 it was hard enough to hide it from her parents . 
 her mother had even commented on emily 's new billowy-shirt style . 
 but a split second later , she 'd felt terrible . 
 hanna needed her . 
 and then aria had called , saying she 'd swing by and pick her up , and emily did n't know how to say no . 
 in the end , if any of them noticed her belly , no one said anything . 
 they were all too preoccupied with the car crash . 
 emily leaned against the bar . 
 `` how does a know about that ? '' 
 she asked , looking at hanna . 
 they 'd been on such a desolate stretch of road , and they 'd driven away before the ambulance had arrived . 
 but then more of the night came back to her . 
 they 'd possibly hurt the girl . 
 and then they 'd run , like it was a prank . 
 hanna fiddled with a large , carved tiki-head candle on top of one of the tables . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 but you know that girl in the car , madison ? 
 it turns out she 's naomi zeigler 's cousin . 
 naomi and i have been getting along , and at first i thought it seemed suspicious , but then i figured she 'd turned over a new leaf . 
 until i saw her fake id-it 's madison 's picture . '' 
 aria 's brow furrowed . 
 `` so you think naomi was being nice to you because she 's a ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' hanna said . 
 `` but if she 's not , a is going to tell her about the crash . 
 naomi will turn us in for sure . '' 
 `` yeah , if a does n't turn us in first . '' 
 spencer pointed at hanna 's phone . 
 `` a called you jailbird . '' 
 `` hanna , did naomi say anything about the accident ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` sort of , '' hanna admitted , looking at spencer . 
 `` she mentioned going through some terrible stuff last summer . 
 and she got this weird look on her face when someone asked her who it was on her fake id . 
 she was like , my cousin does n't need her id anymore . '' 
 `` like she was dead ? '' 
 spencer gasped . 
 emily 's eyes widened . 
 `` in the crash ? '' 
 `` she could n't have died in the crash . '' 
 hanna 's eyes darted back and forth . 
 `` she was still breathing when you guys got to the scene . '' 
 `` was she ? '' 
 aria squinted . 
 `` did anyone actually check ? '' 
 emily looked around at the others . 
 `` i do n't remember if we did or not . '' 
 `` i do n't , either , '' aria said . 
 spencer 's face was green . 
 `` what if we killed her when we moved her ? '' 
 she slumped against one of the metal posts that propped up the awning . 
 `` i dropped her . '' 
 `` do n't jump to conclusions yet , spence , '' aria said quickly , though she looked just as sick . 
 `` how do you think a knows about that ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 hanna shrugged . 
 `` if a is naomi , she could have seen the accident from her house . 
 it is just over the hill from the crash , not that i 'd ever made that connection . '' 
 `` or maybe madison lived , and she saw the girl playing you in pretty little killer and figured it out , '' aria piped up . 
 `` no , madison would 've had to figure it out before that , '' hanna insisted . 
 `` if naomi is a , she must have known almost immediately-and decided to stalk all of us . 
 that could be how she found out about gayle and kelsey . '' 
 emily nodded , considering this . 
 she had spent time at gayle 's house that summer , and gayle had offered to buy emily 's baby in a cafe . 
 if naomi had been following her , it would have been easy for her to figure out what was going on . 
 aria ran her hands down the length of her face . 
 `` i 'm not sure naomi makes sense as a , though . 
 how could she know about all the other secrets a knows ? 
 like jamaica-that happened before the thing with madison . '' 
 `` well , it 's easy to explain how she knew about what happened to us in the summer-naomi lives in rosewood . '' 
 hanna 's eyes were wide . 
 `` she 's friends with kate-she 's been at my house hundreds of times . 
 she definitely could have dug up tons of dirt on me like that . '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 spencer bit her lip . 
 `` actually , naomi was around a lot when a was threatening me about kelsey , too . 
 she was one of the witches in macbeth . '' 
 `` and she latched onto klaudia-a lot of my a notes were about her for a while , '' aria added thoughtfully . 
 `` and she was at noel 's when i got a message from a about his family . '' 
 everyone looked at emily , waiting for her to contribute her own naomi story . 
 she just shrugged . 
 `` i have n't had any interaction with her . '' 
 `` she was at gayle 's funeral , remember ? '' 
 hanna pointed out . 
 `` do n't you think that 's weird ? '' 
 emily stared at the flag flapping on the pole overhead . 
 she was n't sure if it was weird or not . 
 `` a lot of people live in rosewood , though-someone else could have been watching us . 
 and jamaica still does n't make sense , '' she whispered . 
 `` naomi was n't there-we would have seen her . 
 how could she know about that ? '' 
 `` there 's got to be a connection , '' hanna said . 
 `` maybe she was there and we did n't know it . '' 
 spencer 's fingers flew on her phone . 
 `` nope , naomi was in st. bart 's for spring break-it says so on her facebook page . '' 
 `` okay , maybe there are two as-one who saw what happened in jamaica , and then naomi , who 's carrying out all the evil deeds , '' hanna suggested . 
 spencer squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` god . 
 my head is going to explode . 
 now we have to think about who a second a could be ? '' 
 emily breathed in . 
 `` i think i have an idea . '' 
 hanna looked at her sharply . 
 `` let me guess . 
 real ali ? '' 
 `` yeah , ali , '' emily said in a small voice . 
 if jordan had snuck aboard so easily and effortlessly , who was to say real ali could n't have done the same thing ? 
 she glanced over her shoulder , terrified that real ali was watching them . 
 a bolt of lightning flickered at sea . 
 puddles glistened under the lights . 
 the idea of coming face-to-face with real ali on a boat terrified her . 
 there were only so many places she could hide . 
 `` real ali is dead , '' spencer said dismissively . 
 `` it 's got to be someone else . '' 
 aria cleared her throat . 
 `` something weird happened to me today , too . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` you know how i signed up for that scavenger hunt ? 
 i got partnered with this guy who 'd recently transferred from a school in new jersey . 
 we talked for a while , and i found out he knew tabitha . '' 
 `` you 're kidding , '' hanna said worriedly . 
 aria nodded . 
 `` it gets worse , though . 
 he used to be tabitha 's boyfriend . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 hanna shrieked . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 spencer gasped . 
 `` i know . '' 
 aria looked tormented . 
 `` i think the universe is out to get us . '' 
 `` or a is out to get us , '' spencer said . 
 `` could n't he be a ? 
 he has a better motive than naomi-or real ali . 
 maybe more of a connection , too-he could have been in jamaica with tabitha . '' 
 aria rocked from foot to foot . 
 `` i do n't know about jamaica , but i doubt it . 
 and graham said he was in chile last summer-how could he have witnessed our secrets , or stolen that money from gayle 's mailbox ? 
 i could probably get him to prove it somehow the next time i see him . '' 
 spencer 's eyes boggled . 
 `` you ca n't see him again ! 
 what if you slip and say something ? '' 
 then she blinked hard . 
 `` and does this mean that more people who knew tabitha are on the boat , too ? 
 she could have tons of friends here-they could all be a , together ! '' 
 aria shook her head . 
 `` no , no , graham transferred from tabitha 's school to a school in philly . 
 none of her friends are here . '' 
 `` still i agree with spencer , '' hanna said . 
 `` stay away from that guy . 
 it sounds like a situation you do n't need right now . '' 
 aria looked annoyed . 
 `` i ca n't just drop him . 
 i 'd feel terrible . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 spencer demanded . 
 aria stared at her fingers . 
 `` do you guys really think we 're going to get away with this in the end ? 
 this might be my last chance to make things right with someone who cared about her before i go to jail . '' 
 spencer looked at her crazily . 
 `` are you going to tell him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i feel i owe him something . 
 i want to make his life better somehow . '' 
 `` you do n't owe him anything ! '' 
 spencer roared . 
 `` the only reason you feel that way is because a is screwing with your mind ! '' 
 `` well , that 's a good reason , is n't it ? '' 
 aria shrugged helplessly . 
 `` a totally has us cornered ! 
 i do n't know what else to do ! '' 
 everyone shut their eyes . 
 a huge rush of dread swept through emily . 
 a did have them cornered . 
 what if a turned them in for everything ? 
 they 'd done so much , especially if madison had died . 
 and a seemed to know absolutely everything . 
 spencer cleared her throat . 
 `` look . 
 if we figure out who a is , we can nail gayle 's murder to him or her and protect ourselves . '' 
 she looked at hanna . 
 `` you 're naomi 's roommate . 
 search through her stuff . 
 see if she has a second phone , like mona did . 
 or break into her e-mail and see if any of the a notes are in her sent box . '' 
 hanna bit a fingernail . 
 `` you really want me to get that close to a 's stuff ? 
 have n't you forgotten the other things a has done ? 
 like with gayle ? 
 or what about how she laced your brownies with lsd ? '' 
 `` but - '' spencer protested , then froze . 
 a footstep on a loose plank squeaked across the deck . 
 spencer grabbed emily 's arm . 
 emily squinted hard through the shadows , terrified of what might be there . 
 the scent of fruity perfume wafted through the air toward her , then vanished . 
 for a few moments , all she could hear was her heartbeat pounding in her ears . 
 hanna 's phone chimed , and everyone jumped . 
 `` it 's just mike , '' hanna said , checking the screen . 
 `` he 's sneaking me into his room for the night . '' 
 `` you 're staying with mike ? '' 
 aria looked worried . 
 `` you guys could both get in trouble . '' 
 `` i 'd rather get in trouble than get killed , '' hanna said , then hurried away , looking back and forth into the shadows before descending the stairs . 
 after a moment , spencer peered at the others , let out a despairing moan , then walked off , too . 
 only aria and emily remained . 
 they stepped out from under the awning and exchanged a terrified glance . 
 `` tell me this is n't happening , '' emily whispered . 
 aria wiped raindrops out of her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't live like this much longer , em . '' 
 `` i know . 
 neither can i. '' another bolt of lightning snapped at sea . 
 emily stepped forward and wrapped her arms around aria 's shoulders . 
 aria squeezed back , and the two of them remained that way for a few seconds , shielding each other from the elements . 
 and maybe from a , too . 
 10 diving right in on wednesday morning , spencer stood on the docks of st. martin . 
 the cruise ship , which had pulled into the island at sunrise , sat in the harbor among much smaller speedboats and ferries , looking a little like an eighteen-year-old in a classroom of first-graders . 
 the sky was a pinkish-gray , the air smelled like sun-baked pavement , and shopkeepers lifted the metal grates of their jewelry stores and placed plaques in the windows that read diamond sale ! 
 and best prices on the island ! 
 about twenty or so kids from the diving class were on the dock , too , struggling into rash guards and picking through the rented diving equipment . 
 kirsten slathered sunscreen on her arms , then offered the tube to spencer . 
 `` are you really thinking of diving away from the group ? '' 
 spencer opened her mouth to say that she was , but then hesitated . 
 maybe it was n't such a good idea to dive alone-not with a around . 
 she gazed up and down the docks , feeling a nervous pull in her stomach . 
 a is on the boat with us . 
 on one hand , it seemed impossible . 
 but on the other , it made perfect sense-a was everywhere . 
 of course a was on the boat . 
 a could be watching her that very second . 
 `` morning , spencer . '' 
 reefer stood behind her , wearing plaid swim trunks that showed off his muscled legs and holding a pair of neon-green swim fins . 
 `` is n't it a lovely day ? '' 
 naomi , who was standing next to him , added with a smirk . 
 instead of wearing a rash guard , like a sensible scuba diver , she had on a skimpy , metallic string bikini that showed off her ample cl ** vage . 
 when she noticed spencer looking her up and down , she moved a little closer to reefer , practically stepping on his foot . 
 `` hi , '' spencer said woodenly , then turned her back on them . 
 ever since scuba class , reefer had n't had any time for her . 
 she 'd received a sweet text from him at dinner the night before , saying he 'd look for her , but then he 'd sent another a few minutes later , saying , `` sorry , naomi needs to talk , let 's catch up soon . '' 
 after dinner , when she and aria were wandering around the arcade , she 'd noticed reefer sitting with naomi in a corner , their heads angled together intimately . 
 she bent down and grabbed a dive tank in her arms . 
 when she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the chrome , she winced . 
 her skin looked sallow in her bright-yellow body glove rash guard . 
 and she 'd been so tired last night , she had n't bothered to take a shower , so her hair hung in dirty , salty clumps . 
 how could she compare with naomi ? 
 and what about what hanna had said about naomi ? 
 was it possible that she could be a ? 
 even if she was n't , she had a lot of reasons to be angry at them-especially if a told her what they 'd done to her cousin . 
 last night , after hanna had gotten that message , spencer had lain in bed , thinking about the car accident on reeds lane . 
 she could n't believe she 'd nearly forgotten about it . 
 as they 'd driven away from that horrible scene , she 'd turned to hanna nervously . 
 `` what if the girl wakes up and realizes who you are ? '' 
 `` well , i told her my name was olivia and that i was from yarmouth , '' hanna mumbled . 
 `` but what if she sees a picture of you in an old people ? '' 
 hanna turned her head sharply and stared out the window . 
 `` well , let 's hope she does n't . '' 
 judging by the fact that no cops had knocked on spencer 's door , asking questions , or that the news did n't even report on the story , madison did n't seem to remember . 
 spencer had hoped it was because madison had been too drunk , but there had always been a little voice inside her , whispering that it could have been because of something else . 
 the first rule of lifesaving class said never to move someone who 'd been in an accident . 
 and then there had been that horrible crack of bone when spencer had dropped madison , a sound that now rang in spencer 's ears as though on autorepeat . 
 she was the worst person in the world . 
 she felt naomi 's eyes on her and shuddered . 
 then she felt reefer staring at her , too . 
 she rolled back her shoulders and started toward the drive truck . 
 reefer broke away from naomi and followed behind . 
 `` i looked for you by the aquarium this morning , '' he said . 
 `` um-hmm , '' spencer murmured , biting down hard on the inside of her lip . 
 `` i thought that was going to be our regular meeting spot . '' 
 `` i decided to get an early start , '' she said in a clipped voice , not making eye contact . 
 `` spencer . '' 
 reefer caught her arm , but spencer wrenched it away and kept going , not bothering to stop for a swim mask that slipped from her fingers and rolled across the pavement . 
 reefer scooped it up and ran after her . 
 `` spencer . 
 stop . '' 
 spencer rolled her eyes and paused . 
 reefer stared at her plaintively . 
 `` are you mad about something ? '' 
 of course i 'm mad ! 
 spencer wanted to scream . 
 but she plucked the dive mask from reefer 's fingers and smiled tightly . 
 `` nope . '' 
 reefer glanced over his shoulder at naomi , who was now talking to tim . 
 `` we 're just buddies , you know . 
 we met at a princeton party . 
 she was touring the campus . '' 
 spencer frowned . 
 naomi wanted to go to princeton ? 
 she had n't known that . 
 `` she sort of hijacked me last night , '' reefer whispered . 
 `` i wanted to have dinner with you , but she dragged me to the arcade and talked about some family stuff she was going through . '' 
 spencer felt a prickle . 
 `` family stuff ? 
 like what ? '' 
 a cousin 's death ? 
 a driver fleeing the scene ? 
 what if a had already told naomi what had happened ? 
 `` just like , a family fight or whatever , i do n't know . '' 
 reefer shrugged . 
 `` i did n't want to just ditch her . 
 okay , to be honest , we did hook up in princeton . 
 but it 's in the past . 
 i 'm into someone else now . '' 
 he stared into spencer 's eyes meaningfully . 
 even though spencer wanted to remain hard-hearted , she could n't help but melt a little . 
 tim slammed the door of the van open and gestured everyone closer . 
 spencer looked everywhere but at reefer , not wanting to forgive him too easily . 
 then naomi sidled up next to him and placed her arm on his shoulder . 
 `` i had such a great time with you last night , raif . 
 it 's so good to reconnect . '' 
 spencer really hated how naomi called him raif , like they had some sort of special understanding . 
 reefer opened his mouth , about to answer , when tim clapped his hands . 
 `` okay , everyone ! 
 before we head to the first dive , i want everyone to pair off . 
 you and your partner will look out for each other when we 're in the water . 
 you 'll make sure you 're always safe . '' 
 when spencer turned to reefer , naomi had already touched his arm possessively . 
 spencer stepped away-so much for that . 
 but suddenly , she felt a hand on her back . 
 `` no way . 
 you 're with me . '' 
 reefer was grinning at her hopefully . 
 naomi stood behind him , looking shocked . 
 a second later , she shrugged and huffily stalked off across the group . 
 `` if that 's okay , that is , '' reefer added in a lower voice . 
 `` do you want to be my partner ? '' 
 spencer pretended to think about it . 
 `` i suppose . 
 but you owe me for ditching out on dinner last night . '' 
 `` how about i take you out to dinner ? '' 
 reefer asked , looping his arm in her elbow . 
 `` somewhere on an island . 
 i do n't know about you , but i 'm already getting sick of those organic sweet-potato fries and all the garlic they put in the veggie burger . '' 
 a brief flurry of guilt washed over spencer-it seemed crazy to want to go on a date when a was so close to telling on them . 
 but maybe she should enjoy these last few moments of freedom . 
 she 'd probably never get to do this again . 
 `` sounds good , '' she answered . 
 they climbed into the van together and took seats next to each other in the middle row , while naomi was relegated to a back seat by the equipment . 
 as they pulled out of the parking lot , the sun came out from behind a cloud . 
 the warmth felt delicious on spencer 's skin . 
 and for the first time in weeks , at least for a minute , she felt at peace . 
 11 aria 's pygmalion that morning , aria stood with graham on a street corner of the french section of the island of st. martin . 
 rickety-looking buses whizzed past at alarming speeds . 
 old , sun-weathered men sat at an outdoor cafe , drinking cappuccino . 
 the surf pounded in the distance , and there were about a hundred seagulls in a nearby parking lot , fighting over an open bag of potato chips . 
 aria took a deep breath and stared at the eco scavenger hunt clue again . 
 it was written in poem form and attached to a large lump of coal . 
 `` use me for jam , cabinets , and wood , '' graham read aloud . 
 `` and when i 'm a barrier , i protect sea turtles-that 's good ! '' 
 he looked at aria . 
 `` any ideas ? '' 
 aria touched the coal . 
 black dust came off on her fingers . 
 `` how can a piece of charcoal also make jam ? '' 
 graham fiddled with a string on his hooded sweatshirt , which smelled overpoweringly like flowery fabric softener . 
 `` maybe it 's a plant . 
 one part of it is used for charcoal , but maybe another part-the berries-makes good jam . '' 
 `` that makes sense ! '' 
 aria grinned . 
 `` how did you think of that ? '' 
 graham shrugged . 
 `` we have to be resourceful at our sca meet-ups in the woods . 
 i can almost guarantee you that part of this tree we 're looking for probably could provide a decent component for gunpowder , too . '' 
 he smiled proudly . 
 `` i 'm in charge of ammunition within my unit . '' 
 aria wanted to comment that she was pretty sure people in medieval times did n't have gunpowder , but she held her tongue . 
 she looked around . 
 `` maybe a local would know what tree around here could be used to make jam . '' 
 graham nodded , then headed down the uneven sidewalk in the direction of a sign that aria was pretty sure said juice bar in french . 
 she took in the drawing of a knight on the back of his t-shirt . 
 besides the gunpowder trivia , she 'd had to listen to a long aside about the virtues of makeshift toilets and cooking over a cauldron at his society of creative anachronism gatherings . 
 it still had n't really sunk in that graham had dated tabitha . 
 after gretchen had dismissed them , she 'd run back to her cabin and scoured the tabitha memorial sites for graham 's posts . 
 most of them were vague , innocuous-just saying things like rip and miss you , tab . 
 but when tabitha 's father spoke out about the resort 's negligence , graham had chimed in , saying he thought the cliffs should n't have served alcohol to minors . 
 when the news broke that tabitha had n't died an alcohol-related death , graham 's posts had turned irate . 
 whoever did this , the cops are going to find you and take you down . 
 just reading that post had made the vegetarian chili aria had eaten for dinner rise up in her throat . 
 last night , she had a dream of finding tabitha in the sand . 
 as she 'd turned tabitha 's limp body over , graham had come up behind her . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 he 'd seemed so surprised . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 and then , slowly , his face had registered what she 'd done . 
 `` it was an accident ! '' 
 aria had cried . 
 `` it was almost like she pitched herself over the side-i hardly pushed her ! '' 
 tears had welled in graham 's eyes . 
 and then he reached out his arms to strangle her . 
 that was when she woke up . 
 she felt like she needed to do something for graham . 
 her friends might have been dead-set against her seeing graham again , but she 'd meant what she said the night before about how this was the only way she could think of to make the overpowering guilt lift . 
 by being graham 's friend , by being his shoulder to cry on about tabitha-if that was what he needed-maybe she could make small amends for everything she 'd done . 
 bells jingled , and graham emerged from the juice bar , looking triumphant . 
 `` the guy running the place says that the sea grape makes good jam . 
 he says sometimes they serve as a natural barrier for sea turtles , too . '' 
 aria frowned . 
 `` i 've never heard of a sea grape tree . '' 
 graham pulled out his cell phone , pressed the browse button , and typed sea grape into google . 
 pictures of a large-fronded tree with green grape clusters appeared on the screen . 
 `` the largest group of sea grape trees is on the southernmost tip of the island , '' he read aloud . 
 `` i guess that 's where we 're going , '' aria said , then turned on the sidewalk toward the ocean . 
 graham exited out of google , and his phone returned to the main screen . 
 when aria saw that the wallpaper was a picture of tabitha , a scream froze in her throat . 
 tabitha was sitting on a stone wall , dressed in a pink shirt and skinny jeans . 
 she turned away , but not before graham caught her looking . 
 `` oh . 
 that was my girlfriend . 
 the one who was ... you know . '' 
 aria nodded , taking in tabitha 's familiar blond hair , big blue eyes , and the faint burn scars on her neck from a childhood fire . 
 `` she 's , um , pretty . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 graham sighed heavily . 
 `` she was gorgeous . '' 
 his voice got a little choked up . 
 aria paused at a corner . 
 `` you miss her , huh ? '' 
 graham nodded . 
 `` it 's ... hard . 
 and weird . 
 i do n't know anyone our age that 's died , you know ? 
 i 've sort of had a hard time with it , which is totally lame , because we were n't even together when she passed away . '' 
 a car whizzed past , kicking up the ends of aria 's hair . 
 `` you were n't ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we dated in tenth grade , but i always felt like she was just waiting for something better to come along . 
 even when i asked her to the tenth-grade dance , she was so blase about it , like she would 've rather gone with someone else . '' 
 he kicked a loose pebble on the ground . 
 `` i said some pretty awful things when we broke up , mostly about her being crazy . 
 but then , after she went to the hospital again , i felt like the biggest jerk in the world . '' 
 `` s-she was in the hospital ? '' 
 aria asked , hoping she sounded surprised . 
 `` yeah . 
 she was in and out of a hospital for years , '' graham answered , stepping back from the edge of a curb to avoid getting clipped by a fast-moving scooter . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` depression . 
 she had a lot of problems with her family . '' 
 there were no more cars coming at the corner , so they crossed the street . 
 `` did you ever visit her ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` once . '' 
 he made a wry face . 
 `` the place she was in looked really beautiful on the outside and had this amazing lobby , but once you went to the patient rooms , it was pretty miserable . '' 
 `` huh , '' aria said , keeping her features completely neutral . 
 that sounded like the preserve at addison-stevens , all right . 
 `` did she have any friends there ? '' 
 graham stared up at the sky for a moment , thinking . 
 `` there were these two blond girls who were , like , the queen bees of the place . 
 they insisted on hanging out with tabitha when i visited her-i think they were sizing me up , deeming if i was worth talking to or not . '' 
 even though the sun was blaring down hard on the top of her head , aria shivered . 
 she wondered if one of them was ali . 
 `` there was a guy , too , '' graham went on . 
 `` i could tell he was into her-he kept giving me these nasty looks across the room . '' 
 he set his jaw . 
 `` she was probably hooking up with him . 
 all the girls thought he was pretty hot . '' 
 then he glanced at aria . 
 `` i 'm making her sound crazy , but she was n't - she was pretty awesome . 
 everyone was after her-i do n't know why she picked me . '' 
 there was another sigh . 
 `` i 've talked to a therapist about it . 
 she was actually the one who told me to go on this trip . 
 she thought it would help me get over what happened , separate from the craziness surrounding maplewood right now . '' 
 `` i hear that . '' 
 aria 's skin felt so prickly she just wanted to scratch and scratch . 
 what would graham think if he knew he was standing next to tabitha 's murderer ? 
 they approached a public beach with a small boardwalk . 
 a weathered man stood under a striped umbrella , selling sodas out of a cooler . 
 two tanned boys sat on a lifeguard stand , gazing at a few swimmers in the water . 
 to the left was a heavy thicket of trees . 
 green , globelike fruit hung in bunches from the branches , and a sweet , pleasant odor filled the air . 
 the trees looked just like the search images on graham 's phone . 
 thick leaves waved over their heads , and aria spied an envelope pinned to one of the trunks . 
 it had the cruise line 's logo in the upper right corner . 
 `` the next clue ! '' 
 she cried . 
 she tore it off the trunk . 
 inside were instructions to put the clue back in the envelope for other hunters to find it , and then a link to a website that would tell them where to go next . 
 she showed graham what she 'd found . 
 `` we rock ! 
 high five ! '' 
 she raised her palm in the air , and graham slapped it . 
 suddenly , his eyes widened at something on the beach . 
 aria swiveled . 
 two girls stood near the lifeguard stand , slathering sunscreen on their bare legs . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 graham stuffed his hands in his pockets and turned away . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 aria squinted at him , then back at the girls . 
 one had long , hippie-wild hair and wore birkenstocks , and the other had pixie-short brown hair and a nose ring . 
 she recognized both of them from the cruise ship-they 'd been behind her in the waffle line at breakfast this morning . 
 `` do they go to your school ? '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' graham mumbled . 
 `` they 're cute . '' 
 graham looked tortured . 
 `` yeah , but whatever . '' 
 `` you would n't ask one of them out ? '' 
 graham snorted . 
 `` like they 'd say yes . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 graham chuckled sadly . 
 `` honestly ? 
 i do n't know how to talk to girls-especially after tabitha dumped me . 
 and i do n't know why they 'd want to go out with a dork who pretends he 's a knight . '' 
 aria stopped next to a french-language no parking sign and stared at him . 
 `` you 're not a dork ! 
 look at you ! 
 you 're cute , you 're funny , you 're smart-so many girls would be dying to go out with you ! '' 
 graham blushed . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 aria placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` i do n't . 
 and you know what ? 
 i 'm going to prove it to you . 
 with my help , you 're going to be dating one of those hotties by the end of this trip . '' 
 graham 's head snapped up . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` i 'm serious ! 
 now which one are you into ? 
 elf girl , with the nose ring , or miss hippie ? '' 
 graham chuckled at the nicknames . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'm sort of into elf girl . 
 her real name is tori . 
 but seriously-nothing 's going to happen . 
 i 've liked her for two months , and it has n't gone anywhere . '' 
 `` have you actually ever talked to her ? '' 
 `` well , no . '' 
 graham buried half his foot in the sand . 
 aria groaned good-naturedly . 
 `` that should be your first clue that nothing 's going to happen . 
 she seems perfect for you . 
 go offer to get her a soda from the drinks cart . '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 graham looked panicked . 
 `` yes , now ! '' 
 aria really , really liked this idea . 
 here was her chance to do something nice for graham . 
 it was a chance to atone for tabitha , too . 
 square things up with the universe . 
 restore her karma . 
 she marched over to the drinks cart and purchased four oranginas , two for them and two for the girls . 
 `` now you do n't even have to buy her a drink . 
 just go and offer these to elf and hippie . 
 that 'll strike up a conversation . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 aria exclaimed , laughing out loud . 
 `` french beverages , whatever ! 
 now c'mon , do it ! '' 
 graham licked his lips . 
 but after a moment , the tortured look on his face fell away , and he seemed almost a little excited . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 he padded across the sand , holding the squash-shaped bottles in his hands . 
 the girls shaded their eyes when he approached . 
 they accepted the drinks and unscrewed the tops . 
 graham squatted down and said something to elf girl , and elf girl giggled . 
 yes , aria thought , taking a swig of her orangina . 
 she felt like cupid . 
 suddenly , her phone chimed from inside her bag . 
 she reached for it . 
 one new text message . 
 the sender was a jumble of letters and numbers . 
 a shiver snaked up her spine . 
 two tourists wearing fanny packs stared confusedly at a map across the street from the beach . 
 a beautiful black woman in an island-print bikini spread out her towel on the sand . 
 a girl approached the drinks cart and asked for a limeade . 
 when she moved out of the way , aria locked eyes with her . 
 it was naomi . 
 her blue eyes did n't blink . 
 there was a nasty smile on her face , and she held a cell phone tightly in one hand . 
 aria spun away fast , almost walking into a moving car . 
 then she looked down at her own phone and pressed read . 
 good for you for helping him get back in the game , aria . 
 everyone needs a little `` push , '' do n't they ? 
 - a 12 duets late that afternoon , after her caribbean jewelry-making course finished , hanna plopped down at a bistro table with mike and perused the big leather menu the waitress had just delivered to them . 
 mike sniffed the air and made a face . 
 `` ugh . 
 something smells like goat poop . 
 i think it 's me . '' 
 hanna snickered . 
 `` that 's what you get for working on the on-board organic farm . '' 
 naturally , the cruise ship had its own chicken coops , alpaca pens , and greenhouse , and mike had signed up for volunteer duty . 
 `` what possessed you to work there , anyway ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you should have asked to be on the gym staff or something . '' 
 mike shook his head woefully . 
 `` when i saw hydroponic and greenhouse in the description , i thought it was a pot farm . 
 i did n't know i 'd have to spend two hours milking goats . 
 do you know how badly those things reek ? '' 
 hanna poked him . 
 `` well , you 'd better take another shower , stinky . 
 otherwise you 're sleeping on the floor tonight . '' 
 mike sat up . 
 `` so does that mean you 're staying in my room again ? '' 
 hanna stared absently at the shuffleboard tape marks on the deck . 
 `` is that okay ? '' 
 `` of course it is , '' mike said emphatically . 
 `` but c'mon , hanna . 
 squeezing into a twin bed is n't really your thing . 
 did you and naomi have a fight ? '' 
 hanna pretended to be fascinated with the ice cubes in her glass , not wanting to meet mike 's eye . 
 though it was really cozy to snuggle in bed with mike , she was the type of sleeper who thrashed around at night , needing a lot of space . 
 she 'd woken up several times last night on the verge of falling out of the bed . 
 besides that , mike 's room smelled kind of like a wet dog , and his roommate , a kid from tate , farted in his sleep . 
 `` it seemed like you guys were getting along at mason 's party , '' mike added . 
 hanna winced as she relived the moment when she 'd clapped eyes on naomi 's fake id . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 mike buttered a piece of bread . 
 `` i do n't get you girls and your stupid feuds . 
 you know what i think you and naomi should do ? 
 strip down , have a good old-fashioned mud-wrestle , and pretty soon you 'll work out all of your problems ! '' 
 `` and then we 'll kiss , i suppose ? '' 
 hanna deadpanned . 
 mike 's eyes lit up . 
 `` only if you want to ! '' 
 hanna smacked him , then gave her order to the waitress . 
 she knew mike wanted a better explanation , but what could she say ? 
 i 'm afraid to be around naomi because i crashed her cousin 's car and left the girl for dead , and now i 'm worried that naomi either just found out or that she 's always known and is torturing me as a. sorry i never told you any of this until now ! 
 she really , really did n't want naomi to be new a , especially because of how they 'd bonded at the party . 
 things had felt so natural between them , like they were long-lost friends . 
 and what about all that stuff naomi had said about exercise bingeing ? 
 had she made that up simply to gain hanna 's trust , so she could carry out her diabolical plans ? 
 it did make sense that naomi was a , though-at least one of the as . 
 she could have effortlessly eavesdropped on so many secrets , what with her fast friendship with kate . 
 and she could have trailed hanna to the photo session with skeevy patrick , who had wanted to post her slightly inappropriate pictures online . 
 naomi had been at the flash mob when hanna met liam wilkinson , her father 's rival 's son-she could have spotted them making out in the alley . 
 gathering dirt on hanna 's little colleen-stalking mission would have been a piece of cake , too . 
 and she had plenty of motive . 
 how many dirty looks had naomi and riley given hanna and the other girls after ali invited them into her brand-new clique ? 
 how many times had naomi tried to take hanna down-and failed ? 
 okay , so jamaica did n't really make sense-but maybe she was working with someone else , someone who 'd recruited her onto the a-team once madison died . 
 if naomi knew hanna had been the driver , had potentially hurt madison while moving her , and then had abandoned her-well , that would push anyone to seek revenge . 
 it was n't like hanna had meant to crash the car , though . 
 she 'd actually thought she was being a good samaritan for driving madison home . 
 at the end of the night , it was clear madison was in no state to drive-she had been slurring her words and practically falling asleep on the bar . 
 hanna had looked at jackson , the bartender . 
 `` do you have numbers for cabs ? '' 
 jackson propped his elbows on the counter and chuckled , as though this were a frat party . 
 `` yeah , she 's pretty wasted , huh ? '' 
 `` no cabs ! '' 
 madison crowed . 
 `` i 'm fine ! '' 
 she twirled the key ring around her finger , but it flew off and skidded under a video poker machine . 
 when she bent down on her hands and knees to retrieve it , the whole bar got a view of her pink thong . 
 `` that 's it , '' hanna had said , slapping down a twenty to cover madison 's bill . 
 she gathered madison 's purse from under the stool and yanked the girl to her feet . 
 `` i 'm driving you home , okay ? 
 where do you live ? '' 
 `` i can drive , olivia , '' madison whined , using the fake name hanna had given her . 
 `` i 'm serfectly pober ! 
 i mean perfectly bober ! 
 i mean ... '' and that was when she turned green , bent at the waist , and puked on her coach flats . 
 patrons backed away , looking disgusted . 
 jackson wrinkled his nose . 
 `` come on , '' hanna said , dragging madison out the door before she could vomit again . 
 she felt a tiny spiral of worry as she took madison 's keys-she 'd had a drink , too . 
 but it was hours ago , and she 'd nursed it . 
 she 'd drive a few miles under the speed limit to make sure no cops would stop her . 
 now a bunch of girls rushed to the side of the ship , pulling hanna from her thoughts . 
 `` are those dolphins ? '' 
 someone cried . 
 mike rose to see , but hanna remained in her seat , her thoughts still churning . 
 it seemed so unlikely that naomi could have found out she was the driver that night-not unless madison woke up and remembered , which would have been impossible if she 'd died . 
 had she seen the crash happen from her new house , taking in everything through the trees ? 
 but that did n't make sense , either-if she 'd watched , surely she 'd seen that car come out of nowhere and run hanna off the road . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 hanna looked up . 
 naomi stood above her , dressed in a green diane von furstenberg wrap dress and raffia sandals . 
 she held a glass of grapefruit juice in her hand and smelled , as usual , of kate spade twirl . 
 `` i just heard the best gossip about that erin bang bang girl , '' naomi said conspiratorially . 
 hanna blinked , unnerved by naomi 's approach . 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 naomi plopped down in mike 's seat . 
 `` apparently , someone heard her talking on the phone with her mom . 
 and get this-she was pretending like she was a complete angel , saying how she was praying every morning , spending a lot of time with her classmates , and avoiding parties and boys . 
 can you believe it ? '' 
 hanna eyed naomi carefully . 
 her eyes were twinkling , and she had a sweet smile on her face . 
 she seemed so harmless , not like a malicious killer . 
 but this was probably part of her plan as a. still , hanna thought about the strategy spencer had suggested to earn naomi 's trust and figure out if she was a . 
 she could fake-friend her . 
 all of a sudden , it seemed feasible . 
 maybe hanna could even figure out if naomi really knew about the accident with madison , too . 
 she cracked a tiny smile . 
 `` if only we could post erin 's dalliances in a place where mama bang bang would see . '' 
 `` seriously . '' 
 naomi chuckled , taking the bait . 
 hanna laid down her napkin . 
 `` i saw a sign that it 's karaoke night tonight . 
 want to go ? '' 
 naomi raised an eyebrow . 
 `` only if you 'll sing a duet with me . 
 i hate doing karaoke alone . '' 
 `` you got it ! '' 
 `` let 's go now , '' naomi suggested . 
 `` i have the perfect song for us . '' 
 hanna stood just as mike returned from dolphin-spotting . 
 he gave her a confused look , which she avoided with a kiss to his cheek . 
 `` i 'll see you later , '' she said breezily , then glided away . 
 hopefully he did n't notice how badly her hands were shaking as she followed naomi to the elevators . 
 the karaoke lounge was two levels down , and they could hear caterwauling all the way from the elevator bank . 
 there was a small , dimly lit stage at the front of the room , and the room 's small , round tables were filled with kids . 
 hanna noticed a cute , dark-haired guy sitting by himself near the bathrooms . 
 it was graham , the boy aria was partnered with for the scavenger hunt . 
 aria had shown her pictures of him on the tabitha clark memorial website . 
 as if sensing her gaze , graham turned and looked at hanna , too . 
 he did n't blink . 
 hanna flinched and turned away . 
 she followed naomi to peruse the book of songs , her heart banging the whole time . 
 i could be standing next to a right now , she kept thinking . 
 this girl could know all the horrible things i 've ever done . 
 she eyed `` california gurls '' by katy perry and considered suggesting it , but then decided it was too cheesy . 
 but suddenly , naomi pointed at it , too . 
 `` i think we could rock this one , do n't you ? '' 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 hanna wrote it down next to their names . 
 there was no way she was quibbling with a . 
 they sat down at a table and waited their turn . 
 though hanna had to keep jiggling her leg to assuage her nerves , she pretended to be completely calm , watching as a bunch of guys from ulster growled out something by a metal band and three girls with the same blond haircut pretended they were britney spears . 
 naomi pulled out her cell phone , and though hanna was dying to look at what she was writing , she kept her gaze pasted on her drink , her heart thudding hard . 
 naomi dropped her phone back in her bag . 
 `` i wish they would serve us , '' she sighed . 
 `` i so need a cocktail . 
 i 'm having major guy issues , and i want to drown my sorrows . '' 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 hanna asked , shakily resting her chin in her palm . 
 fake-friending rule # 1 : always pretend to care about the fake friend 's boy problems . 
 naomi sighed . 
 `` the guy i 'm into likes spencer . '' 
 hanna sipped the water that had been placed in front of her , surprised spencer had n't brought this up when they 'd talked about a last night . 
 `` that sucks , '' she said fumblingly . 
 `` it does suck . '' 
 naomi 's eyes widened . 
 `` hey , got any dirt on her ? 
 you know , something that would make him run screaming ? '' 
 hanna coughed . 
 `` i do n't really know anything that good . '' 
 except that she 's a murderer , a voice growled in her head . 
 or that she took drugs last summer and framed someone else for possession . 
 or that she helped me move your cousin into the driver 's seat of the car i was driving . 
 then again , if naomi was a , she already knew all of that . 
 `` aw , i 'm just kidding . '' 
 naomi nudged her playfully after a moment , probably registering hanna 's uncomfortable expression . 
 she squeezed hanna 's hand . 
 `` you 're so lucky you have mike , you know . '' 
 `` yeah , '' hanna said , feeling herself relax , smiling as she thought of him . 
 `` he 's better than sean ackard , '' naomi added . 
 `` you know i dated him too , right ? '' 
 hanna nodded . 
 `` in ninth grade . '' 
 naomi looked surprised . 
 `` how did you remember that ? '' 
 hanna laughed . 
 `` i pined over sean for years-i knew everyone he dated . 
 but , you know , when i got him , he was a huge disappointment . 
 he was just so ... good . '' 
 `` you mean the no-sex thing , right ? '' 
 naomi rolled her eyes . 
 `` he 's always been like that . 
 i was at this party with him once , and all the couples were peeling off to make out . 
 but sean and i sat on the couch , watching this stupid movie on tv like we were the parents . 
 it was so lame . '' 
 `` what does kate see in him ? '' 
 hanna giggled . 
 `` maybe she 's into virgins , '' naomi snickered . 
 `` i heard she 's going to v club with him now . '' 
 `` actually , i - '' hanna was about to say she 'd seen kate and sean leave a v club meeting a few weeks ago but stopped herself just in time . 
 she 'd been with liam when she caught kate and sean at the v club meeting . 
 then again , if naomi was a , she would know that , too . 
 hanna straightened up , feeling nervous . 
 `` you know , if you really want a cocktail , we could sneak off the boat when we get to puerto rico and go to a bar or something . 
 i have a fake id . 
 and you have your , um , cousin 's , right ? '' 
 a strange expression flashed across naomi 's face . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` are you guys close ? '' 
 her heart was pounding hard . 
 she felt ridiculously transparent . 
 naomi picked at her nails . 
 `` like sisters . 
 her name 's madison . 
 she went to st. agnes . 
 now she goes to penn state . 
 or , well , she did go to penn state until the accident . '' 
 hanna 's stomach dropped . 
 `` did she ... die ? '' 
 she braced herself for the answer . 
 or for naomi to start screaming that she knew everything and wanted hanna dead . 
 naomi glanced at hanna for a long moment , almost as though she were sizing her up . 
 but before she could answer , the beginning notes of `` california gurls '' boomed through the space , and the lyrics appeared on the screen behind the stage . 
 naomi leapt up . 
 `` god , i 'm such a buzzkill ! 
 c'mon . 
 let 's forget about this and have fun . '' 
 they rushed up to the front and grabbed the microphones . 
 but when hanna opened her mouth to sing , her voice sounded unsteady and thin . 
 she kept picturing madison in a hospital bed , post-crash , one of those horrible masks on her face breathing for her . 
 she pictured naomi , madison 's favorite cousin , sitting by her side , a blubbering mess . 
 finding out that someone else was to blame would drive anyone to revenge . 
 but how was naomi able to play it so cool right now ? 
 she glanced over at naomi now . 
 her eyes were clear , her tears gone , and she was singing gleefully into the microphone as though she 'd put the pain behind her . 
 as the peppy chorus began , a bunch of kids in the audience sang along . 
 naomi 's voice rose . 
 she turned around and slapped her butt . 
 hanna could n't help but snicker . 
 then hanna threw her head back and sang louder , too . 
 her voice sounded good blended with naomi 's . 
 when she opened her eyes , naomi grabbed her hands and spun her around . 
 she flipped her skirt , and hanna grabbed two glowsticks from a nearby table , pretending firecrackers were exploding from her boobs . 
 the crowd cheered . 
 when hanna looked out at their faces , even graham was smiling . 
 when the song ended , a bunch of guys sitting along the wall chanted , `` en-core ! 
 en-core ! '' 
 `` the public loves us ! '' 
 hanna giggled as they stepped off the stage . 
 `` that 's because we 're awesome ! '' 
 naomi looped her arm through hanna 's elbow . 
 `` we should perform that at the talent show , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` um , sure , '' hanna said , remembering her promise to spencer and the others to do the hula with them . 
 but it was n't like she could say no-not to the girl who was potentially a. and then , as if on cue , when she got back to her seat , her cell phone light was blinking . 
 there was a new text message . 
 naomi 's head had turned and she was talking to ursula tippington , paying no attention . 
 hanna cast a glance at naomi 's phone on the table beside her . 
 all she had to do was reach over and grab it , but her limbs felt as if they were filled with sand . 
 swallowing hard , she opened her text . 
 hanna marin got in a crash moved a girl to cover her ass hanna marin fled the scene but someone saw it all-me . 
 - a 13 people who float in glass boats should n't throw stones `` welcome to puerto rico ! '' 
 jeremy boomed over the loudspeaker on thursday morning . 
 he said it with a flamboyant spanish accent , rolling the rs . 
 emily watched as a lot of kids waved scarves at the people on shore . 
 an acoustic , dreamy version of `` over the rainbow '' tinkled over the loudspeakers , and everyone groaned . 
 that same song had played when they 'd pulled out of newark , then the following morning at sea , then to summon them to dinner the night before . 
 it was getting a little old . 
 she sat down on a bench , inhaling the humid air . 
 jordan had left her a note on her bedside table earlier , saying she was grabbing coffee but that emily should meet her . 
 when her phone rang , she expected to see jordan 's name , but it was hanna instead . 
 `` i have spencer and aria on the phone , too , '' hanna said as soon as emily answered . 
 `` i hung out with naomi . 
 she does n't seem to know that we were involved in madison 's accident-but someone does . 
 a sent me another note about it . '' 
 `` did you find out if madison died ? '' 
 emily asked , her heart stopping in her chest . 
 please say she did n't , she thought . 
 if someone else died because of her , she was n't sure how she could go on . 
 but then , finding out that madison had n't been just passed-out drunk , as they 'd all thought , was enough of a mind game . 
 how could she have fled the scene , leaving a hurt , innocent girl behind ? 
 emily kept picturing the police reading her charges , the looks on her parents ' faces . 
 her mother would probably keel over dead-and that would be yet another death emily was responsible for . 
 `` i do n't know if she died yet , '' hanna admitted . 
 `` we were interrupted before i could get to that , and i felt weird pushing it . '' 
 `` you have to try to find out what happened , hanna , '' aria urged . 
 `` if she did die , or if she was hurt , that makes a stronger case for naomi being a. '' `` i know , i know . '' 
 hanna sounded distraught . 
 then she sighed . 
 `` but i 'm confused . 
 naomi seems so poised and innocent . 
 could she be that good of an actress ? '' 
 `` i got a note from a yesterday , and when i looked up , naomi was staring right at me , '' aria said . 
 `` my note made another reference to jamaica . 
 we need to figure this out soon and bring a down before a ruins us . '' 
 `` you know who i 'm not so sure about ? '' 
 hanna said . 
 `` tabitha 's ex . 
 he was all alone in the karaoke bar , aria , and it seemed like he was watching me . '' 
 `` he 's not a , '' aria said stubbornly . 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 spencer asked . 
 `` he was there when you got the a note yesterday , too , was n't he ? '' 
 `` but how could he know about everything else we did ? '' 
 aria said . 
 `` he was in south america last summer , remember ? '' 
 `` so he says . '' 
 there was a tense pause on the line . 
 finally , spencer sighed and said she had to go . 
 the other girls hung up , too , but they promised to meet up later to talk about their hula dance . 
 after she hit end , emily chewed hard on her gum . 
 though she did n't believe naomi was a , she also remembered something from the previous summer-maybe she and naomi did share a connection . 
 after the accident , when emily was in philadelphia , she 'd been waddling home from the fish restaurant where she worked , deep in conversation with derrick , her friend and coworker . 
 they 'd been talking about how heartbreaking real ali 's return to rosewood had been for emily , especially the kiss they 'd shared . 
 `` are you sad she died in the fire ? '' 
 derrick had asked . 
 `` sort of , '' emily said , looking away . 
 it was n't like she could tell derrick that ali had n't died in the fire-that she 'd escaped through the door emily had left open . 
 ali had died when aria pushed her off the roof in jamaica , though . 
 then she had stopped short , spying someone across the intersection . 
 there , standing at the window of the bcbg store , was naomi zeigler . 
 `` oh my god , '' she 'd gasped , pulling derrick around the corner . 
 she waited until naomi had walked on , then figured she was safe . 
 but what if naomi had seen ? 
 emily 's phone bleated again , bringing her back to the present . 
 aria , said the caller id . 
 `` what are you doing today , em ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` do you want to get breakfast ? '' 
 just then , emily spied jordan rounding the corner . 
 she was wearing a pair of khaki bermuda shorts and a sky-blue t-shirt emily had loaned her . 
 the same silk headband held back her long , dark hair . 
 `` uh , i ca n't , '' she said . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 aria sounded worried . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` everything 's great , '' emily said in a lower voice . 
 `` better than great , actually . '' 
 she peeked at jordan as she strode toward her , a huge smile on her face . 
 `` i 've made an amazing new friend . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 aria sounded pleased . 
 `` that 's nice . 
 at least something good is happening on this trip . 
 do i get to meet her ? '' 
 emily chewed on the tip of her sunglasses . 
 aria might not approve of the fact that she was hiding someone in her room . 
 they were in enough trouble as it was . 
 `` um , i 'll get back to you on that , '' she said abruptly , and then hung up . 
 she dropped her phone in her bag and smiled at jordan . 
 `` what are we up to today ? '' 
 she nudged her playfully . 
 `` it had better be good . 
 i 'm skipping bird-watching for this . '' 
 her bird-watching instructor had a beach expedition planned , though if it was anything like yesterday 's watch , emily would be so bored that she 'd almost fall asleep while staring through the binoculars . 
 there was only so much excitement she could muster up for sea terns and pelicans . 
 jordan extended a hand to help emily up . 
 `` we 're going ashore . '' 
 `` are you sure it 's a good idea to leave the boat ? '' 
 emily asked incredulously . 
 `` i do n't want you to get in trouble . '' 
 jordan raised one shoulder . 
 `` live a little ! 
 now c'mon , cutie ! '' 
 cutie . 
 jordan had also called her hot stuff , honey , and hot cakes . 
 maya st. germain used to call her names like that , and emily had to admit she liked it . 
 since emily had met jordan , her fascination had morphed into a full-blown crush . 
 they 'd stay up each night , talking about their lives . 
 jordan did n't make fun of emily for any of the babble that spilled from her mouth , like ali had . 
 she just listened with an intrigued smile on her face , as though emily were the most interesting person in the world . 
 they walked down the ramp off the boat and stepped into the humid puerto rico air . 
 the sun glimmered on the water . 
 they passed a clump of kids wearing t-shirts from ulster prep , jordan 's school . 
 `` do you want to say hi ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 jordan looked at her blankly . 
 `` to whom ? '' 
 `` to ... '' emily trailed off . 
 they 'd already passed the ulster kids ; the moment was gone . 
 `` so what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked instead . 
 `` wander the streets ? 
 sit at a cafe and listen to mariachi music ? '' 
 `` patience , grasshopper . '' 
 jordan bumped emily 's hip , then took a sharp left and walked to a second dock full of tethered yachts and sailboats . 
 she marched down the dock as though she knew it , stopping at a long , square , motorboat bobbing gently on the waves . 
 `` this 'll work , '' emily thought she heard her mumble . 
 she stepped onto the boat . 
 it rocked slightly under her weight , and she stretched out her arms for balance . 
 she strolled to the cockpit and peered at the gauges . 
 then she opened a hatch next to the steering wheel . 
 after a bit of fiddling , the motor started up . 
 `` well ? '' 
 she called to emily over the growling sounds . 
 `` are you coming aboard or not ? '' 
 emily blinked . 
 `` is this your boat ? '' 
 jordan laughed . 
 `` no , silly ! '' 
 `` then what are you doing ? '' 
 jordan leaned against the steering wheel . 
 `` whoever it belongs to has n't tended to it for a long time . '' 
 she pointed to a sticker on the side . 
 `` see ? 
 the license is out of date . 
 and there 's a ton of film on the side-it has n't been cleaned in years . '' 
 she patted one of the leather seats . 
 `` poor old girl . 
 you miss going out to sea , do n't you ? '' 
 `` but we could get in huge trouble ! 
 i thought you were trying to stay under the radar ! '' 
 jordan grabbed a captain 's hat that was hanging from a peg by the wheel and popped it on her head . 
 `` life is n't worth living if you 're scared all the time . '' 
 emily glanced over her shoulder , half expecting to see a 's shadow slipping behind a chris-craft parked near them . 
 but no one was there . 
 it was just her and jordan and a dockful of boats . 
 jordan was right : she was scared all the time . 
 when had she last actually had fun ? 
 she tentatively put one foot onto the boat . 
 `` just a little ride , okay ? '' 
 `` yay ! '' 
 jordan whooped , rushing over to help emily aboard . 
 she gave emily a huge hug , holding her for a few extra beats . 
 emily 's skin tingled . 
 the promise of more hugs like that was reason alone for breaking the rules . 
 jordan untied the boat from the slip . 
 then , with a spin of the wheel , she backed the boat into the harbor . 
 a salty-smelling breeze kicked up , blowing emily 's hair around her face . 
 in seconds , they were passing the cruise ship , then a bunch of sailboats . 
 as they rounded the old fort on the outskirts of town , emily looked down and noticed something . 
 the bottom of the boat was glass . 
 fish swam gracefully just inches below her , visible in the bright sunlight . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 she placed her palms on the glass . 
 `` jordan ! 
 come see ! '' 
 jordan let the boat idle and walked into the hull , too . 
 tropical fish glided under her feet . 
 ocean plants waved gently . 
 `` wow , '' she said . 
 `` i 've never seen anything like it , '' emily breathed . 
 `` we do n't even need a dive mask ! '' 
 they watched the water in awe for a few minutes . 
 but as emily stared at the abyss , her happy mood began to shift . 
 not even a year ago , tabitha had been washed away in this very same sea . 
 fish just like these had swum around her body impassively , witnessing it wasting away . 
 seaweed had lodged in her hair and ears . 
 the salty water had eroded her slowly , meticulously , until only bones were left . 
 a strange noise gurgled from the back of her throat . 
 jordan turned . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' emily managed . 
 jordan inched closer , her green eyes wide . 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 are you freaked that we took this boat ? '' 
 emily wrapped her arms across her chest , suddenly cold . 
 i 'm freaked about everything , she wanted to say . 
 but if she opened her mouth , she feared all her secrets would spill out in a matter of minutes . 
 she could n't tell jordan about tabitha . 
 it was too dangerous . 
 `` i 'm glad we 're out here , '' she finally managed . 
 `` i needed to do this . 
 get away from my life . '' 
 jordan cocked her head . 
 `` things at home are really that bad , huh ? '' 
 emily nodded , feeling a lump in her throat . 
 `` your parents ? '' 
 jordan guessed . 
 `` you said they did n't want you around . '' 
 tears pricked emily 's eyes , and she nodded again . 
 `` they hate me . '' 
 `` what happened , exactly ? '' 
 emily eyed her , then took a deep breath . 
 this was one secret she could share . 
 `` they found out i had a baby last summer . 
 when i told them last week , they did n't just freak-they shut down . '' 
 jordan blinked slowly . 
 `` you had a baby ? '' 
 emily winced at jordan 's shocked tone of voice . 
 she was probably disgusted . 
 but then she looked at jordan 's face . 
 it was kind and accepting . 
 go on , her expression seemed to say . 
 i 'm listening . 
 i 'll like you anyway . 
 it all spilled out of her . 
 the part about gayle . 
 even reneging on the offer and leaving the baby on the bakers ' doorstep . 
 `` after isaac found out , i just thought it was time for my parents to know , '' she said . 
 `` but now it 's like i 'm no longer part of the family . 
 they 've been pissed at me before , but this is in a totally different league . 
 i know i should hate them , but i miss them so much . '' 
 she stared down at the fish floating by , tears in her eyes . 
 everything she said was painfully true . 
 she 'd been through a lot with her family , but she thought they were all beginning to understand one another . 
 what she 'd done had ruined things between them for good . 
 jordan moved closer and touched emily 's hand . 
 `` you are so , so brave , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i could n't do what you did . 
 not any of it . '' 
 emily blinked away tears . 
 `` it was really , really hard . '' 
 `` what was it like ? '' 
 jordan 's eyes were wide . 
 `` to be pregnant , i mean . 
 to give birth . 
 to go through something so ... earth-shattering . 
 i ca n't imagine it . '' 
 `` scary , '' emily answered . 
 `` but also amazing . 
 my favorite part was feeling her kick . 
 i would lie down at night and put my hand on my belly and just stay that way for hours . 
 at first , it 's like this little flutter inside of you . 
 but then , as she got bigger , the kicks were stronger . 
 it was kind of mind-blowing . '' 
 `` wow , '' jordan whispered . 
 tears welled in her eyes , and she glanced at jordan gratefully . 
 `` no one ever asked me that , you know . 
 it was always about what i 'd done wrong or what a horrible person i was . '' 
 `` you 're not horrible , '' jordan said . 
 `` you 're incredible . '' 
 emily peeked at jordan bashfully . 
 `` i think you 're incredible , too , '' she whispered . 
 jordan placed one finger on emily 's knee . 
 instead of pulling away a split second later , she let it remain there . 
 emily stared at jordan 's pink , moon-shaped nail , then slid closer . 
 her heart started to pound . 
 before she knew it , their lips were touching . 
 emily 's nose filled with the heady aroma of jasmine perfume . 
 she ran her fingers up and down jordan 's bare arms . 
 her skin was as soft as petals . 
 they pressed close together , inhaling each other , and when they broke away , they stared into each other 's eyes . 
 `` yay , '' jordan whispered giddily . 
 `` i was hoping that would happen . '' 
 `` yay for me , '' emily insisted , curling in jordan 's lap and staring at the clouds . 
 `` yay for us , '' jordan corrected . 
 and then she took off the captain 's hat , placed it on emily 's head , and opened her arms again . 
 14 spencer 's unexpected swim `` here you are ! '' 
 a latin waitress plopped down a large tray in front of spencer and reefer . 
 `` the six ceviche tasting menu ! 
 buen apetito ! '' 
 as she strode away , shaking her ample hips , spencer stared down at the six small bowls . 
 `` i ca n't believe you talked me into this . 
 i 've been to the caribbean seventeen times , and i 've managed to avoid ceviche until now . '' 
 `` aw , a ceviche virgin ! '' 
 reefer pushed a fork at her . 
 `` c'mon . 
 you have to try some . 
 you 'll love it . '' 
 spencer looked up , stalling . 
 it was thursday night , and they were at an outdoor latin restaurant in old san juan . 
 palm trees surrounded them , and every table bore a flickering votive candle and a vase of tropical flowers . 
 a band played upbeat , wild music , and several couples were salsa-dancing near the stage . 
 to add to the sexy vibe , a blue infinity pool rippled off in the distance . 
 spencer had already seen two couples strip down to bathing suits and dive into the pool as an alternative to dessert . 
 before their dive that morning , the dive class had watched a film about jacques cousteau . 
 for the rest of the afternoon , spencer had prepared for their dinner out . 
 now her blond hair spilled down her back , her skin glowed from a body facial , and her nails had been painted a shade of red called vixen . 
 she 'd pored through her and kirsten 's cruise wear until she 'd decided on a turquoise strapless linen dress that screamed i 'm gorgeous , but i do n't try very hard . 
 as soon as reefer had seen the dress , he 'd remarked that it was his favorite color . 
 she 'd chosen this restaurant , too , clicking through san juan nightlife websites and picking the place that seemed the most romantic . 
 other kids from the boat had the same idea : in the corner were two couples from tate . 
 across the way , lanie iler and mason byers snacked on fritters . 
 and naomi zeigler had just sat down with a bunch of girls from rosewood day , shooting spencer a nasty look when she spotted her and reefer together . 
 spencer gritted her teeth at naomi 's clonelike turquoise dress . 
 what , had naomi spied on her while she was getting ready ? 
 then again , spencer was the one on the date with reefer , was n't she ? 
 but on the heels of that dart of triumph came a stab of dread . 
 perhaps naomi had followed her here because she was a. swallowing her worry , she took the fork from reefer and daintily tried a bit of ceviche . 
 a sharp , acidic flavor hit her first . 
 then she tasted something cool and mild . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she decided . 
 `` have the one with the chilis . '' 
 reefer pushed another bowl closer . 
 `` it 's amazing when you make it with real chilis , not the dried kind . 
 i was on a ceviche kick for a while a few years ago . 
 i 'm trying to remember my favorite recipe ... '' he tapped on his iphone , tilting it toward spencer . 
 reefer 's recipes from a to z , read the screen . 
 ceviche , naturally , was filed under c. spencer snickered . 
 `` you 're so organized . '' 
 reefer covered the screen with his hand , looking embarrassed . 
 but spencer was n't surprised . 
 he kept his pot supply in little individual , carefully labeled drawers . 
 earlier , when he 'd opened his wallet for his fake id , his cards were alphabetized , an aaa membership at the front , a business card for justin zeis , personal trainer , in the back . 
 `` i like everything in its place , '' he admitted . 
 `` i ca n't stand it when things are messy . '' 
 he bit into a chip . 
 `` you can say it . 
 i 'm a dork . '' 
 spencer leaned forward on her elbows . 
 `` if you 're dorky , then so am i. all of the money in my wallet has to be in order according to the serial number on the front of the bills . 
 if it 's out of order , i panic . '' 
 reefer 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` how long have you been doing that ? '' 
 `` since my first allowance . 
 and before that , i arranged my bath toys along the side of the tub by height and color . '' 
 reefer grinned . 
 `` i used to sort my legos by size and theme . 
 and i insisted on ironing my school clothes myself-i hated how my mom did it . '' 
 `` i still iron my jeans sometimes , '' spencer admitted , then felt a little self-conscious for saying so . 
 reefer chuckled . 
 `` when i first got into botany , my mom gave me a spice rack to organize my seeds . 
 i woke up several times a night to check to make sure no one had put them in a different order . '' 
 spencer grabbed a chip and popped it in her mouth . 
 `` i begged my father to let me do his filing . 
 he thought there was something wrong with me . '' 
 `` you would have been such an asset to the ivy eating club , '' reefer joked . 
 `` a perfect secretary . '' 
 `` too bad that 'll never happen . '' 
 spencer stared morosely at the salt on the rim of her margarita glass . 
 she 'd been so desperate to get into ivy , but after the pot-brownie fiasco , it was clear that would never happen . 
 when she felt reefer 's large , warm hand cover hers , she looked up in surprise . 
 `` you 'll have way more fun at princeton without being part of an eating club , you know , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'll make sure of it . '' 
 `` you will ? '' 
 spencer dared a smile . 
 `` of course . 
 we 're going to have an amazing time . 
 i know tons of fun things to do-things that are much cooler than what those ivy people are into . '' 
 spencer 's heart thumped . 
 he 'd said we . 
 like they were going to be a couple . 
 maybe even an exclusive couple . 
 a trumpet blared in her ear , and she turned . 
 the jazz band stood next to their table for a private serenade . 
 the guitarist strummed a slow rhythm . 
 the drummer shook a maraca . 
 the singer launched into song . 
 even though the lyrics were in spanish , spencer recognized the melody as `` i only have eyes for you . '' 
 `` you 've got a beautiful girlfriend , man , '' the singer said in a broken spanish accent between verses . 
 `` i know , '' reefer said , glancing at spencer cautiously , as if he 'd said too much . 
 spencer smiled giddily . 
 girlfriend ? 
 she tried it on like it was a dress , and it felt pretty damn good . 
 she smiled at him and squeezed his hand . 
 `` want a picture ? '' 
 a waitress materialized with a polaroid camera . 
 spencer and reefer leaned close and smiled . 
 the flash went off , and the device spat out a photograph . 
 spencer took it from the waitress and laid it on the table to dry . 
 reefer stood and offered his hand . 
 `` want to dance ? '' 
 `` yes , '' spencer breathed . 
 they chose a spot on the dance floor close to the pool , and reefer wrapped his arms around her . 
 `` i never took you as the dancing type , '' she murmured as they swayed . 
 reefer made a tsk noise with his tongue . 
 `` you should know by now that looks can be deceiving . 
 i like to dance-especially if it 's with the right person . '' 
 spencer 's heart thudded as he leaned closer to her until his nose grazed her cheek . 
 she swallowed nervously , then tipped toward him , too . 
 the trumpeter let out a series of notes as their lips touched . 
 spencer shut her eyes and tasted lime and ceviche and salt . 
 tingles shot through her body . 
 they pulled away and grinned . 
 a muscle twitched by reefer 's mouth . 
 but then , a half-second later , his gaze focused on someone behind spencer . 
 `` mind if i cut in ? '' 
 naomi 's angular face swam into view . 
 she stared sweetly at reefer , her head cocked and her lashes fluttering . 
 spencer stiffened , wanting to say no . 
 but before either of them could move , naomi nudged her body in front of spencer 's , grabbing reefer 's hands . 
 spencer tried to hold her ground , but then naomi gave spencer a little shove with her hip . 
 spencer staggered backward . 
 her heel caught on the uneven stones , and she wheeled her arms for balance . 
 the moments in the air felt like an eternity , and suddenly her body hit cold water with a loud splash . 
 water gushed into her ears and drenched her dress . 
 her butt hit the bottom of the pool , and she quickly pushed off and swam to the surface , coming up sputtering . 
 she pushed her hair out of her eyes and looked around . 
 the music was still playing just as loudly , but a lot of people on the dance floor had stopped and were staring at her . 
 waiters froze in place , trays in hand . 
 reefer 's mouth hung open . 
 naomi 's eyes were wide . 
 after a moment , she stepped carefully toward the pool 's edge . 
 `` my goodness , spencer , are you okay ? '' 
 she said in a fake-concerned voice . 
 `` you should be more careful ! '' 
 spencer wanted to grab naomi 's ankle and pull her in , too , but naomi had already glided back to reefer , assuming , perhaps , that they were going to continue dancing . 
 but reefer turned to a waiter , who rushed forward with a towel . 
 spencer climbed out of the pool and let reefer wrap the towel around her shoulders . 
 `` that was weird , '' he murmured , oblivious , as he ushered her back to their table . 
 `` maybe we should n't have danced so close to the pool , huh ? '' 
 not with naomi around , spencer thought bitterly . 
 her phone beeped from inside her tote , and she bent down . 
 one new message from anonymous . 
 she glanced behind her . 
 naomi stared out the window , her phone in her lap . 
 there was a wisp of a smile on her face , as if she was keeping a delicious secret . 
 spencer eyed naomi , who was now gliding toward the exit with her head held high , as if her job here was done . 
 then spencer peered down at the text . 
 if you know what 's best for you , spence , you 'd stay away from him . 
 there are plenty of fish in the sea . 
 or , after i get through with you , the prison yard.-a 15 a picture 's worth a thousand words on friday morning , aria and noel stood in the ship 's kitchen at separate workstations . 
 in an attempt to do something together , they 'd signed up to volunteer in the all-natural , all-organic kitchen . 
 little did they know they 'd be assigned to the breakfast shift at 6 a.m. aria peeked into noel 's bowl and frowned . 
 `` i think you put too much flour in the batter , '' she whispered , glancing surreptitiously at bette , the large woman who was in charge of the kitchen . 
 noel 's brow furrowed , and he peered at the laminated recipe next to him . 
 `` it said twelve cups for this size of a batch . 
 i think that 's what i did . '' 
 aria fluffed the batter with a fork . 
 `` i think it 's supposed to be thicker . 
 it 's way too flaky . '' 
 noel snickered . 
 `` you 're flaky . '' 
 he tickled aria 's side , and she swatted him with an oven mitt . 
 she had to admit the early morning breakfast thing was fun : they were the only kids in the kitchen , there was a romantic classical-guitar station on the radio , and the air felt fresh and clean , not yet tropically humid . 
 true , aria had n't realized most of her kitchen chores would involve handling meat : removing thousands of strips of free-range turkey bacon from the freezer , frying up lumpy grass-fed beef sausages , even dealing with something called scrapple , which she was convinced contained pig snouts-albeit organic pig snouts . 
 but even that was a small price to pay for having some solid noel time . 
 noel poured more milk into the batter . 
 `` hey , since we 're up early , we should go for a walk on the beach . 
 i could show you the rap mike and i are going to do for the talent show on sunday . '' 
 he nudged her . 
 `` that would be great ! '' 
 aria said , but then bit her lip , remembering . 
 `` but i ca n't today . 
 i promised i 'd mini-golf with graham this morning . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 noel stared into his bowl . 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 aria tossed another tray of bacon onto the griddle . 
 it sputtered loudly . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 if you 'd asked me earlier , i could have rearranged things . '' 
 they 'd had dinner with a big group of kids last night . 
 aria and noel had barely talked . 
 `` i said it 's fine , '' noel said stiffly . 
 `` you sure are spending a lot of time with that graham guy , though . '' 
 aria wrinkled her nose . 
 that graham guy ? 
 that was something her mom would say . 
 `` it 's not like i 'm into him . 
 he 's one of those guys who dresses up in armor and goes to jousts . '' 
 `` but is he into you ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` definitely not . 
 i 'm trying to get him to talk to his crush , in fact . 
 his old girlfriend died , and he 's too shy to talk to her on his own . '' 
 noel looked up , surprised . 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 aria bit down hard on the inside of her cheek . 
 `` um , i 'm not really sure . '' 
 really , she should n't have told her friends about graham , either-they could n't get it out of their heads that graham might be a. yesterday evening before dinner , when they 'd met to go through their hula routine , emily had told her she 'd seen graham lurking around one of the halls . 
 and hanna , who was hanging out with them even though she was now doing an act with naomi , remarked that it seemed like graham did n't have any friends on the cruise-he was always sitting alone at meals . 
 `` what if he came aboard for other reasons-like stalking us ? '' 
 `` he 's not a , '' aria had urged . 
 `` it was n't even like his relationship with tabitha was recent . '' 
 `` yeah , but you said that he liked her more than she liked him , '' hanna reminded her . 
 `` maybe he thought she was his true love or something . 
 maybe he 's one of those crazy guys who is just dying to get revenge on someone . '' 
 `` you do n't even know him , '' aria had said defensively . 
 `` yeah , but neither do you , '' hanna retorted . 
 now , she cleared her throat and looked at noel . 
 `` i just feel like i need to help the guy out . 
 it 's fun to play matchmaker . '' 
 noel took a sip from the mug of coffee sitting next to him . 
 `` just as long as you do n't play matchmaker and match him with you . 
 you might be leading him on and not even know it . '' 
 the bacon sizzled loudly . 
 `` you do n't trust me ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` of course i do , '' noel said quickly . 
 `` it 's just ... i thought this cruise would be different . 
 i did n't think this eco hunt of yours would take up so much time . '' 
 aria pointed her spatula at him . 
 `` you 're the one who did n't want to do the eco hunt with me . 
 you 're the one who insisted on surfing . 
 you knew i could n't do it with you . 
 you know i ca n't swim very well . 
 but you did it anyway . '' 
 `` you said i could ! '' 
 `` and i meant it , '' aria said . 
 `` i think it 's awesome that you 're having so much fun . 
 but do n't guilt me because i 'm having fun . '' 
 noel 's eyes widened . 
 `` fine . 
 i wo n't say anything . 
 i wo n't bother you at all . '' 
 `` good , '' aria answered , hardening . 
 she turned back to the bacon . 
 noel stirred his mix . 
 his movements became so forceful and impassioned that all of the excess flour rose up in a cloud and covered his face in a fine white mist . 
 he blinked hard , looking like a mime . 
 aria could n't help but laugh . 
 after a moment , noel laughed , too . 
 he shook his head and gently knocked her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm being an ass . '' 
 `` no , i 'm sorry , '' aria said , grabbing a paper towel and wiping the flour off his face . 
 `` i do n't want to fight . 
 i want us to have fun . 
 but you should n't be jealous about graham , okay ? 
 i love you . '' 
 noel spit flour from between his lips . 
 `` you 're both really arty , though . 
 you probably have a lot in common . '' 
 aria 's mouth fell open . 
 seriously ? 
 there had been plenty of times she 'd felt inferior around noel-he was so wealthy , good-looking , and popular that sometimes she still felt like kooky sixth-grade aria , ali 's dorky sidekick . 
 but this was the first time he 'd ever told her he did n't feel good enough for her . 
 `` noel ... '' she touched his arm . 
 `` you 're being ridiculous . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` okay , '' noel said after a moment . 
 `` it 's just that i really wanted to take a walk today so i could give you this . '' 
 he brushed off the flour from his hands and pulled out a gold necklace from his pocket . 
 a pendant spun slowly on a chain . 
 it was tarnished and a little battered , perhaps antique , with an intricate , swirled design on the front . 
 the locket looked vaguely familiar . 
 `` did you get this at one of those expensive jewelry shops in old san juan ? '' 
 she asked . 
 noel shook his head . 
 `` i actually found it on the beach at our surf spot in puerto rico yesterday . 
 i almost stepped on it . 
 it 's like it was meant to be mine-or yours . '' 
 `` it 's like a sunken treasure , '' aria whispered , letting noel hook it around her neck . 
 she peered down at it . 
 there was an initial on the front-an i ? 
 a j ? 
 it was impossible to tell , as the letter was almost worn away . 
 the necklace had had a whole life before her , a whole story she 'd never know about . 
 `` i 'll wear it always , '' she told noel , and wrapped her arms around him , not caring that she was getting flour all over herself . 
 and then , as easy as that , everything felt perfect again . 
 an hour later , aria and graham stood on the green of the ship 's mini-golf course . 
 technically , they were supposed to be discussing the next clue for the eco scavenger hunt-it involved figuring out which part of the ship was constructed with the highest percentage of recycled materials-but their gaze was on a girl bent over a tee at hole 5 instead . 
 it was tori . 
 she was wearing a long peasant skirt , a ribbed blue top , sandals that had little jewels on each strap , and a silver ankle bracelet , which struck aria as both bohemian and shakespearian . 
 tori swung her club and gently tapped the blue golf ball toward a clown 's open mouth , but it hit the rail and rolled back down the ramp . 
 `` so i 've asked around , and i found out tori does n't have a boyfriend , '' aria whispered in graham 's ear . 
 `` you 're totally in . '' 
 graham 's cheeks reddened . 
 `` you asked about her ? '' 
 `` how else were we going to find out anything ? '' 
 aria grabbed a club from the rack . 
 `` now c'mon . 
 let 's go to the hole right behind them . 
 then i want you to compliment her on her putting skills . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 graham snickered . 
 `` she 's missed getting the ball through the clown 's mouth like six times . '' 
 aria glared at him . 
 `` do n't you know anything ? 
 when it comes to flirting , you lie ! 
 you say whatever it takes to make girls feel amazing and special ! '' 
 she rolled her eyes good-naturedly . 
 `` you 're hopeless ! '' 
 `` i bet you 're wondering how i ever had a girlfriend , huh ? '' 
 graham teased . 
 aria waved her hand , not wanting to talk about tabitha . 
 `` you did great with her on the beach yesterday . '' 
 graham had spoken to tori for almost ten whole minutes before freaking out and jogging back to aria , claiming he was afraid they were going to run out of topics . 
 `` she seemed into you , too . 
 now you just have to seal the deal . '' 
 she walked to the hole next to the one tori was playing . 
 a small windmill spun creakily . 
 the goal was to hit the ball through a tiny gap at the bottom . 
 as she handed graham the putter , he smiled at her gratefully . 
 `` it 's really sweet that you 're doing this for me . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to help , '' aria chirped , her confidence renewed . 
 how could her friends think graham was a ? 
 beyond the fact that it did n't make any sense , he was just too nice . 
 this morning , she 'd picked him up at his room , which was right down the hall from noel 's , and graham and his roommate , carson , were playing video games , laughing . 
 then , graham said a polite thank-you to the chambermaid who was coming to clean their room . 
 psychopath stalkers did n't get along with their roommates and thank the staff , did they ? 
 tori finally managed to get the ball through the clown 's mouth . 
 as her friends whooped , aria shoved graham toward her . 
 `` uh , nice one , tori ! '' 
 he said a little stiffly . 
 tori looked over , sized graham up , and smiled . 
 `` hey , graham . '' 
 then she looked at her putter . 
 `` but you 're lying . 
 i suck . '' 
 `` you 're better than i am , '' graham offered bashfully . 
 tori smiled , then walked to the next hole . 
 graham spun back to aria , looking dejected . 
 `` see ? 
 i 'm hopeless ! '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 aria said . 
 `` you 're doing great ! '' 
 she picked up her putter , which she 'd leaned against the windmill . 
 `` let 's follow them . 
 maybe they 'll ask us to play with them . '' 
 `` is n't it going to look really obvious ? '' 
 graham whispered . 
 `` we did n't even play this hole ! '' 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 aria ran her fingertips along the tip of the clown structure as they walked . 
 `` it 's not like anyone is taking this seriously , anyway . '' 
 she eyed tori as she plunked down her ball at the tee and swung her club . 
 `` now you have to figure out what she 's interested in . 
 then pretend you 're interested in it , too . '' 
 she gave him another nudge , and graham stepped toward tori again . 
 he waited until she finished her swing-which , as usual , did n't go anywhere near the hole-and then cleared his throat . 
 `` do you , um , like renaissance fairs ? '' 
 aria winced and considered aborting the operation . 
 she did n't want graham to impose his interests on her . 
 but tori brightened . 
 `` i 've only been to one , but it was pretty cool . 
 why ? '' 
 graham smiled . 
 `` i noticed your ankle bracelet and thought you might have bought it at this renaissance festival outside philly . 
 there 's a guy there who makes his own silver jewelry . 
 i worked in the booth next to his one summer . '' 
 tori stepped over the little divider that separated the putting green from the deck and walked closer to graham . 
 `` what do you do at the festival ? '' 
 `` i do a bunch of things , but at that particular job i helped this old guy build lutes . '' 
 `` what 's a lute ? '' 
 `` they 're small acoustic guitars , only they sound different , '' graham explained . 
 `` i brought one on board , actually . 
 i 'm going to play a death cab for cutie song on it for the talent show . '' 
 tori raised an eyebrow . 
 `` really ? '' 
 graham started to reply , but suddenly tori 's phone rang . 
 she glanced at it and rolled her eyes . 
 `` it 's my mom , '' she said , lifting it to her ear . 
 `` she 's called me , like , every day since we left . '' 
 tori walked toward the waterfall at hole 12 . 
 graham looked confused . 
 `` now what do i do ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 aria guided him back toward the clubhouse . 
 `` now you have something to talk about the next time you see each other . 
 and your next task is to ask her out on a date . '' 
 a nervous smile slowly spread across graham 's face . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he cuffed aria 's arm . 
 `` what would i have done without you ? '' 
 `` just be sure to invite me to the wedding . '' 
 aria slugged graham 's shoulder in a friendly way . 
 then , aria 's phone buzzed in her pocket . 
 still smiling , she pulled it out and looked at the screen . 
 two new picture messages . 
 her fingers started to tingle , and she looked up , feeling like someone was watching . 
 a shadow slipped behind the windmill . 
 the door to the clubhouse banged loudly . 
 something moved behind a trellis . 
 but when aria stared harder , she did n't notice anything amiss . 
 she pressed read . 
 the first picture loaded on the screen . 
 the cliff resort 's famous roof deck was in sharp focus , five heads easily visible over the top . 
 the picture was blurry , but aria could make out her outstretched hands . 
 tabitha , in her yellow dress , stood next to her , about to topple over . 
 when aria hit the right arrow , the next photo appeared . 
 this shot had been taken a split second later , capturing the moment aria had pushed tabitha off . 
 her body hung in midair . 
 aria remained on the roof deck , her hands on her hips . 
 she looked like a cold-blooded killer . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 graham stood behind her . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 aria jumped and hid the screen with her hand . 
 `` uh , everything 's fine , '' she lied . 
 she stabbed at the keypad to delete both the photos , but for some reason , they would n't disappear . 
 every time she clicked into her photo gallery again , there they were , front and center . 
 her heart thudded . 
 just having them on her phone made her feel like there was a bull 's - eye on her head . 
 she had to get them off . 
 her phone beeped again . 
 one new message , a new alert said . 
 aria pressed read . 
 what if a little `` birdie '' showed these to graham-and the police ? 
 i can-and i will.-a 16 across the great divide that afternoon , emily and jordan waited at the top of the cliff in the rain forest . 
 a thick layer of trees waved beneath them , frogs croaked from a hidden hollow , and a zip line swayed in the breeze . 
 emily watched as two kids in front of her grabbed the tandem zip line 's handles and pushed off . 
 they soared through the air , whooping and laughing , and landed safely on the other side of the ravine . 
 it did n't look like a laughing matter to emily , though . 
 more like a death trap . 
 she edged closer to jordan , who was fidgeting excitedly . 
 `` are you sure we should do this ? '' 
 jordan 's brow furrowed . 
 `` you 're not going to chicken out on me now , are you ? 
 i 've wanted to do this for years . '' 
 `` what if the lines break ? '' 
 emily looked nervously at the chasm below . 
 the instructor had said it was at least a forty-foot drop . 
 `` the lines are superstrong . '' 
 jordan inspected emily carefully . 
 `` you 're really scared , are n't you ? '' 
 emily swallowed hard . 
 `` i had this friend who was sort of crazy . 
 she took me to this gulch earlier this year , and we had a fight , and for a moment i was sure she was going to push me over the edge . '' 
 she shut her eyes and thought about that horrible night with kelsey pierce . 
 jordan 's eyes widened . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 `` i was fine , of course , '' emily said quickly . 
 `` my friend was fine , too . 
 it just shook me up , that 's all . '' 
 she did n't even want to get into how mona vanderwaal had fallen off the very same cliff the year before . 
 although she 'd filled jordan in on the basics about ali and a , she had n't gotten into too many of the details . 
 and she certainly had n't told her about new a. `` look , i promise i wo n't push you off anything , '' jordan said . 
 `` and how about this ? 
 if your line breaks , i 'll dive into the abyss after you . 
 if we both die , at least we 'll get to explore the afterlife together . '' 
 `` okay , '' emily whispered . 
 she fumbled for jordan 's hand . 
 jordan looked nervously back and forth , then laced her fingers in hers . 
 though they 'd kissed in private plenty of times since their boat tour yesterday , they had n't been public about anything yet . 
 emily was hesitant to ask why . 
 maybe it was too fast . 
 or maybe jordan was worried about what her new ulster classmates would say about her having a girlfriend , which is how emily had come to think of her . 
 jordan was totally perfect . 
 last night , after their secret boat cruise , they 'd opened up about everything , covering topics emily had n't dared to explore with anyone before . 
 jordan revealed that she 'd had a few lackluster boyfriends , and then she 'd fallen for a toxic girl named mackenzie . 
 when emily pushed for details , jordan could n't go on . 
 `` it was just too painful , '' she admitted . 
 `` you 're actually the first person i 've ever talked to about her . 
 you officially know more about me than anyone else . '' 
 another boy went on the zip line , letting out a keening wail as he drifted across the gully . 
 suddenly , emily and jordan were next in line . 
 `` you girls ready ? '' 
 the instructor asked . 
 emily 's feet felt buried in the mud , but jordan dragged her forward . 
 `` yep . '' 
 she grabbed emily 's hand and squeezed it hard . 
 `` i 'll hold on to you the whole time . 
 i promise . '' 
 emily shakily let the instructor harness her up . 
 she could barely hold the zip line handles , her palms were sweating so badly . 
 the instructor counted down , then yelled , `` go ! '' 
 and jordan jumped off . 
 emily had no choice but to go with her . 
 she felt her body being pulled downward toward the gully and screamed . 
 but then , suddenly , she realized she was n't falling-she was floating . 
 the harness held , and the mechanism speedily pulled her across the ravine . 
 the wind whipped through her hair . 
 below her , she could see the forest floor , carpeted with tons of brilliantly hued flowers . 
 beside her , jordan was laughing her head off . 
 emily shot her a euphoric grin . 
 in seconds , they were on the other side , breathless . 
 emily 's whole body trembled as the instructor removed her harness and helped her take off her helmet . 
 then she turned to jordan . 
 her lips felt wobbly as she smiled . 
 `` can we do it again ? '' 
 `` of course , '' jordan said . 
 `` i knew you 'd love it . '' 
 they rode the line across the ravine three more times . 
 when they boarded the jeep that would take them back to the boat , emily checked her phone . 
 aria had texted , asking if emily could meet her and spencer in the common room . 
 emily did n't ask why , but she assumed it was to rehearse their hula routine . 
 `` i wish you could participate in the talent show , '' emily sighed , resting her head on jordan 's shoulder . 
 `` hanna dropped out , so we need one more . '' 
 she had n't told her friends about jordan yet , but maybe she should . 
 would they really care that jordan was a stowaway ? 
 even jordan herself did n't seem too worried about it . 
 `` i wish i could , too , '' jordan sighed . 
 `` but you know i ca n't . 
 i 'll watch from the audience , okay ? 
 and if you win , you 'd better give me a ride on your vespa . '' 
 `` when i win , '' emily corrected her . 
 at the boat , jordan slipped past the guard in a group of kids so she would n't have to show id . 
 they parted at the elevators , jordan saying she was going to lie down in the room while emily went to meet aria . 
 then jordan leaned in for a kiss . 
 when they pulled away , emily pushed a lock of hair behind jordan 's ear . 
 `` i thought you were uncomfortable about us being affectionate in public , '' she said . 
 jordan shrugged . 
 `` this is new to me . 
 but with you , i do n't have anything to hide . '' 
 she kissed emily once more , then disappeared into the elevator car . 
 emily glided toward the common room , humming the salsa song she 'd heard on the radio on the ride back to the ship . 
 as she passed a long bank of mirrors in the hallway , she laughed . 
 her lips were swollen and full , her skin pink from too much sun . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd looked so happy . 
 she rounded the corner for the common room and scanned the couches . 
 neither spencer nor aria were there yet . 
 she settled down on one of the couches , staring at the satellite feed of cnn on the tv that was mounted to the wall . 
 preppy thief still at large read a banner across the bottom . 
 a reporter appeared . 
 `` we 've been following the story all morning about how an eighteen-year-old new york girl known as the preppy thief escaped from her holding cell in philadelphia three days ago . '' 
 there was a video of a bunch of lawyers walking into a courthouse . 
 `` notorious for stealing private planes , expensive boats , motorcycles , and cars for extravagant joyrides , katherine delong was being held until her trial was set to begin later this week , '' a voiceover said . 
 `` but early sunday morning , security guards found her missing . 
 authorities suspect she is trying to flee the country . 
 she 's very dangerous , and if anyone has information about her whereabouts ... '' a mug shot of the preppy thief popped on the screen . 
 emily squinted at it , then did a double-take . 
 was that ... jordan ? 
 `` emily ? '' 
 emily looked up . 
 spencer and aria stood behind her , the grass skirts they had made a few days ago in their hands . 
 they looked from the television to emily 's stricken face , confused . 
 `` i ... '' emily trailed off , not knowing what to say . 
 her gaze returned to the tv . 
 now the news showed a video of jordan walking out of a courthouse in an orange jumpsuit . 
 next flashed a photo of jordan in a tennis dress and shoes , a familiar silk headband in her hair . 
 another video appeared of jordan in court . 
 a lawyer whispered in her ear . 
 there were shiny handcuffs on her wrists and shackles on her ankles . 
 it felt like the ceiling was crumbling in . 
 anger boiled inside of emily , sudden and fierce . 
 with shaking hands , she grabbed her phone and composed a text to jordan . 
 i know who you are , you liar , she wrote . 
 i do n't want to ever see you again . 
 get out of my room now . 
 as she hit send , she let out a sob . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 aria looked concerned . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` do you know that girl ? '' 
 spencer asked , pointing at the tv . 
 emily 's mouth felt like it was filled with peanut butter . 
 `` that 's my new ... she 's ... i know her . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' aria whispered . 
 `` is this girl the new friend you met ? 
 is she on the boat ? '' 
 emily nodded weakly , afraid to give away any more . 
 beep . 
 her eyes filling with tears , she looked down at her phone , bracing herself for what jordan might say . 
 but when she pulled up the screen , it said one new text message from anonymous . 
 there was a hot flash through her chest . 
 she looked around . 
 the common room overflowed with kids-they were on the couches , sitting at the tables , playing pinball on the simpsons-themed machine in the corner . 
 she thought she saw a flash of blond hair disappear around the corner . 
 emily stood up halfway and peered into the hall , but the figure had vanished . 
 she looked down at the message . 
 cute ! 
 maybe you and miss preppy thief can room together in jail ! 
 - a 17 friendship has its ups and downs `` california gurls , duh duh duh duh duh duh ! '' 
 naomi and hanna sang as they walked down the cobblestoned streets of old san juan later that night . 
 they were on their way to a club naomi had been invited to that afternoon and had decided to fit in a quick rehearsal for their talent show routine on the way . 
 passersby kept giving them strange looks . 
 `` hey , we should see if we can find blue and purple wigs , '' naomi suggested , sidestepping a sewer grate in her high heels . 
 `` maybe there 's a costume store at the last stop . 
 or maybe we can borrow a wig from someone in cirque du soleil . '' 
 she snickered . 
 `` would n't it be funny if we found a guy to play snoop dog ? '' 
 hanna suggested , thinking about the video . 
 `` oh my god , that would be classic , '' naomi squealed . 
 then she sighed . 
 `` damn . 
 the guy i was into would 've made a perfect snoop-he 's such a pothead . 
 but now that he 's with spencer , it 's like he wants nothing to do with me . '' 
 `` we 'll find someone else , '' hanna said quickly as they passed a closed-up boutique with bikini-clad mannequins in the window . 
 she was n't about to mess with a naomi-spencer love triangle , especially if naomi was a. which was something she still was n't quite sure of . 
 naomi breezily pushed a lock of hair behind her ear . 
 `` or maybe i 'll find a way to get him back . '' 
 before hanna could ask what that meant , they 'd turned the corner and arrived at the club . 
 pounding bass and raucous laughter filled the air . 
 a line of well-dressed people stood outside the unmarked double doors . 
 when hanna and naomi waved their vip invites , the bouncer lifted the velvet rope to let them in . 
 `` thanks ! '' 
 naomi trilled , as though she 'd known the guy for years . 
 hanna trailed behind her , feeling the envious stares of everyone in the line . 
 she glanced at her and naomi 's reflections in the long bank of mirrors that lined the hallway . 
 they 'd planned their outfits together , both wearing jewel-toned dresses , high , strappy heels , and coordinated jewelry . 
 they 'd sat side-by-side to do their makeup , gossiping about people on the boat as they applied foundation and swept on mascara . 
 the tunnel opened into a large , square , dark room with a long , stainless-steel bar at one end and a bunch of banquettes at the back . 
 a dj spun records in the corner , and a huge dance floor took up the rest of the space . 
 bodies writhed on all sides of them , each guy more gorgeous than the last . 
 the room smelled like booze , cigarettes , and the gardenia blooms that adorned every table . 
 as the salsa beat rocked in hanna 's ears , she unconsciously began to swing her hips . 
 hanna touched naomi 's shoulder . 
 `` this is great ! '' 
 she yelled over the music . 
 `` right ? '' 
 naomi grinned , strutting up to the bar and batting her eyelashes at the bartender , who came over immediately . 
 naomi ordered two neon-orange cocktails and handed one to hanna . 
 hanna took a small sip-she did n't want to drink too much and let down her guard . 
 people were dancing in every nook and cranny , including on top of the banquettes . 
 there was a photographer wandering the perimeter with a huge digital camera around his neck , occasionally stopping and taking a shot of the dancers . 
 after a moment , he stopped in front of them . 
 `` can i take your photo ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that depends . '' 
 naomi placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` what 's it for ? '' 
 `` the style section of the san juan hola . '' 
 hanna exchanged an excited look with naomi-she 'd always wanted to be in a style section . 
 she set her drink on a nearby table and wrapped her arm around naomi 's shoulders . 
 the photographer snapped and snapped . 
 first hanna gave him a sultry model gaze , then threw back her head . 
 but she knew not to get too carried away-the experience with creepy patrick was still fresh in her mind . 
 `` gorgeous , '' the photographer said when he was through . 
 then he glanced at the crowd behind them . 
 `` i think you have some fans . '' 
 it was true . 
 tons of guys on the dance floor were now giving them the eye , including a dark-haired college-age kid in an oversized t-shirt and baggy jeans . 
 when he met their gaze , he raised his drink at them from across the room and crooked his finger , beckoning them over . 
 hanna and naomi nudged each other and snickered . 
 `` he 's cute , but he knows it , '' hanna yelled in naomi 's ear . 
 `` definitely . 
 come on , let 's dance , '' naomi said , grabbing hanna 's hand and pulling her onto the dance floor . 
 the song was something latin and fast , and they started wriggling to the music , making sexy poses for the hola photographer every time he did a lap . 
 then , as the dj transitioned into a new song , naomi tapped hanna 's arm . 
 `` who do you think is the hottest guy in this place ? '' 
 hanna slowed her dancing and surveyed the options . 
 `` it 's a toss-up between the enrique iglesias look-alike and james bond in the corner . '' 
 naomi squinted at james bond , who was wearing a slim-cut suit , expensive-looking shiny shoes , and ray-bans . 
 `` hanna ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 `` he 's , like , forty years old ! '' 
 `` he is not ! '' 
 hanna said , studying the guy 's toned physique and thick brows . 
 `` he just looks older because he 's sophisticated . '' 
 `` he 's definitely only a six or a seven , '' naomi decided , sipping her cocktail . 
 `` now that guy is a ten . '' 
 she used her straw to point to a blond guy by the bar . 
 he looked like he belonged on the cover of a surfing magazine . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 hanna wrinkled her nose . 
 `` he 's an eight at best . '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 naomi glanced at a guy sitting at a nearby table . 
 he had a shaved head and sexy cheekbones . 
 `` five , '' hanna decreed loudly , feeling more and more confident . 
 `` i hate shaved heads . '' 
 `` and him ? '' 
 a guy with lobsterlike sunburn on his nose and arms . 
 `` ick ! 
 one ! '' 
 hanna cried . 
 they made it into a game , going around the room , tapping guys and assigning them numbers like deranged fairy godmothers . 
 `` six ! '' 
 they called to a slightly overweight guy who had thick , lustrous hair . 
 `` nine ! '' 
 they called to an abercrombie-model look-alike who was dancing shirtless . 
 `` seven ! '' 
 `` four ! '' 
 `` eight and a half ! '' 
 at first , the guys at the club did n't quite understand what the girls were doing , but they caught on pretty quickly . 
 those deemed eights and above looked pleased . 
 a guy who 'd gotten only a six narrowed his eyes and mouthed something that looked like bitch . 
 someone caught hanna 's arm as she was racing past the dj booth . 
 `` what would you rate me ? '' 
 she stopped short and looked at him . 
 his hair was greasy , his nostrils weirdly oversized , and he was wearing a t-shirt that had the chanel logo plastered across the front . 
 he reminded hanna of the guy who worked at the motorola kiosk in the mall . 
 she turned to naomi , who 'd paused , too . 
 `` ali had a phrase for this , you know , '' she screamed into her ear . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 naomi asked . 
 `` not it ! '' 
 hanna turned and fled . 
 naomi burst out laughing and raced behind her . 
 breathless from laughing , they spilled out onto the patio , which was much cooler and quieter . 
 naomi wiped her eyes . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever laughed that hard in my life . '' 
 `` did you see the look on that greasy guy 's face when i said , ` not it ' ? '' 
 hanna squealed . 
 `` i thought he was going to kill us ! '' 
 naomi collapsed into a chair . 
 `` did you play that game a lot when ali was around ? '' 
 hanna swallowed a giggle and shook her head . 
 `` not like that . '' 
 `` she did n't have that game when i was friends with her , '' naomi said . 
 then an uncomfortable look flashed across her face . 
 `` but i guess that was because it was n't the same ali . '' 
 hanna 's spirits dimmed a little . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , then reached for her drink , not knowing what to say next . 
 naomi spun the bracelet around her wrist . 
 `` i feel terrible about what happened with you guys and ali in the poconos . 
 it was all so unbelievable . '' 
 `` thanks , '' hanna mumbled . 
 then she looked up , realizing something . 
 `` were you surprised when you found out that there were two of them ? 
 and that the girl you were friends with was a murderer ? '' 
 naomi picked at her nails . 
 `` well , kind of , but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 naomi stared at the lanterns hanging from the rafters . 
 `` the whole thing is just sad , you know ? 
 i feel like such a jerk for saying this , but sometimes i still miss her . '' 
 `` you 're not a jerk , '' hanna said quietly . 
 it had n't occurred to her before that naomi had lost ali as well . 
 not their ali , of course , but an ali all the same . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 naomi peered at her . 
 `` you 're really easy to talk to . 
 i 'm surprised . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised about you , too , '' hanna said tentatively . 
 the statement was way more loaded than naomi might ever know . 
 `` i 've told you stuff i have n't told a lot of people , '' naomi said , leaning against the railing . 
 `` oh ? 
 like what ? '' 
 `` like the bingeing , for one , '' naomi admitted . 
 the light caught her gold earrings , making them glitter . 
 `` and the stuff just now , about ali . '' 
 `` you mentioned something about a favorite cousin , too , '' hanna said , her heart hammering . 
 `` a girl who got in a car accident ? '' 
 naomi pressed her lips together . 
 `` yeah . 
 madison . 
 i never talk about her . '' 
 `` so ... did she die in the accident ? '' 
 hanna held her breath . 
 naomi shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 but she was messed up pretty bad-a lot of broken bones , and she was in a coma for a few days . 
 she had to learn how to walk again . 
 it was hard on all of us . '' 
 her voice broke . 
 hanna let out a huge mental sigh-madison was n't dead . 
 but hearing what had happened hit her unexpectedly hard , bringing tears to her eyes . 
 now she had a new image in her mind , one of madison hanging on to one of those physical-therapy walker things , struggling to take a step . 
 naomi set her empty cocktail glass on the table , sniffing once more . 
 `` in a weird way , though , that crash was the best thing for my cousin . 
 it got her straight . 
 she was a major alcoholic before that-drinking instead of going to class , drinking as soon as she woke up in the morning , drinking and getting behind the wheel and nearly killing herself . 
 i mean , yeah , it sucked that she totaled the car and had to go through so much pain , but she has n't had a drink since . 
 she seems much happier now . '' 
 `` that 's ... good , '' hanna said , trying to keep her voice steady . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 naomi raised her eyes to hanna and smiled so sincerely it melted hanna 's heart . 
 `` it is . '' 
 they sat in silence for a moment , listening to the pounding bass inside the club . 
 all of a sudden , hanna wanted to reach across and give naomi a big hug . 
 everything she 'd worried about , everything she 'd feared , suddenly went up in smoke . 
 their suspicions about naomi were unfounded . 
 naomi was n't pissed madison had gotten in a car accident-she was relieved because it had turned her life around . 
 whoever a was , it was someone who 'd found out about madison another way . 
 it was amazingly freeing . 
 now she could be friends with naomi without worrying . 
 she could trust everything naomi said to be the truth . 
 hanna stood up and offered naomi her hand . 
 `` are you ready to go back in and not it some more ? '' 
 naomi looked up at her and grinned . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 they strutted back into the club like they owned the place . 
 they 'd been wrong about a before , hanna thought as she squeezed naomi 's hand . 
 they were wrong again this time , too . 
 a probably wanted her to suspect naomi-and , in turn , lose a potential friend . 
 hanna was n't going to let that happen , though . 
 not this time . 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 naomi scolded as they bumped clumsily down the hallway of the ship toward their room . 
 it was a few hours later , and they 'd gotten back onboard just before curfew , acting sober enough for a few minutes to fool the guards . 
 `` you almost took out that fire extinguisher ! '' 
 `` it was in my way , '' hanna declared petulantly , then burst into giggles . 
 she hung on to naomi 's back as naomi inserted the key card into their door . 
 the door opened , and the two girls tumbled inside . 
 hanna grabbed the door to the bathroom for balance . 
 `` it smells so good in here ! '' 
 she cried , inhaling the fresh scents of baby powder and kate spade twirl perfume . 
 `` mind if i take the bathroom first ? '' 
 naomi asked , her hand on the doorknob . 
 `` go for it , '' hanna said , flopping down on the bed . 
 naomi shut the door , and water started to run . 
 hanna rubbed her feet on the soft , silky sheets , feeling satisfyingly exhausted . 
 ping . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 her phone , which was sitting on the nightstand , was n't blinking . 
 her gaze fell on the open laptop on naomi 's bed . 
 a message in the corner of the screen said new e-mail from madison strickland . 
 she looked away . 
 who cared if naomi had received an e-mail from madison ? 
 cousins contacted one another all the time . 
 but one little peek would n't hurt , would it ? 
 hanna cocked her ear toward the bathroom . 
 the shower was still running . 
 slowly , she eased her legs off the bed and tiptoed over to the laptop . 
 the bedsprings squeaked as she sat on naomi 's mattress . 
 on the right-hand side of the desktop were two folders labeled school papers and princeton application . 
 hanna scanned them , then exited . 
 next she waved the mouse over a gmail icon . 
 taking a deep breath , she double-clicked on it . 
 the program opened and launched right into her inbox . 
 the new e-mail from madison appeared . 
 it was part of a thread titled that night . 
 hanna drew in a breath . 
 the first e-mail in the thread was from early july of last summer . 
 hanna scrolled back to the beginning of the conversation , dated july 1 . 
 are you still trying to figure out the name of the driver ? 
 naomi had written to her cousin . 
 yes , madison wrote back that same day . 
 i think i 'm getting close . 
 and then , on july 3 , madison wrote another e-mail : we need to talk in person . 
 i think i know who did this to me . 
 naomi replied on july 5 : they 're going down . 
 i 'll make sure they get what they deserve . 
 there was a long stretch of no replies , but today , madison had written : i 'm so proud of you for doing this for me . 
 hanna signed out of naomi 's e-mail and looked up , catching sight of her all-too-sober expression in the mirror over the bureau . 
 they . 
 madison must have not only figured out that hanna was the driver but also that aria , spencer , and emily had helped her escape . 
 if she 'd shared this with naomi in early july , naomi would have had ample time to stalk all of the girls and dig up their secrets . 
 and i 'm so proud of you for doing this for me ? 
 what did madison mean by that ? 
 her heart pounded in her chest . 
 she had been wrong . 
 again . 
 naomi was a . 
 this proved it . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 naomi stood in the bathroom doorway in a bathrobe . 
 hanna stepped away from naomi 's bed . 
 `` h-hey ! '' 
 `` hey , '' naomi said slowly . 
 her gaze flicked from hanna to the laptop , then back to hanna again . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 `` uh , i was just looking for my sleep mask , '' hanna said , fumbling on naomi 's bed , then on the floor . 
 she was sure naomi could hear her pounding heart all the way across the room . 
 naomi walked to the bed and sat down . 
 she gave hanna a long look but did n't say anything . 
 for a moment , her face was illuminated by the moonlight , and when she smiled , her teeth looked long and garish , almost wolflike . 
 `` the bathroom 's yours if you want it , '' she said finally . 
 `` i 'm cool , '' hanna said . 
 `` i 'm just going to go to bed . '' 
 if only she could text mike and beg to stay with him another night . 
 but then naomi would be on to her for sure . 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 naomi shifted her laptop to the floor and pulled the covers over her . 
 `` nighty-night , bestie ! '' 
 `` night , '' hanna croaked , huddling under the duvet and knowing she would n't sleep a wink . 
 18 too hot to handle saturday morning , spencer rushed into the empty arcade where her friends were waiting . 
 emily paced nervously past the unoccupied video consoles for modern warfare and dance dance revolution . 
 aria tapped her nails on top of a change machine . 
 hanna picked at a loose thread on her jean shorts , the lights from a pinball machine flashing across her face . 
 her hair was matted , and there were dark circles under her eyes . 
 she 'd texted them that morning saying she needed to talk , pronto . 
 `` i do n't have much time , '' spencer said , checking her watch . 
 she was due to meet reefer in the sauna at 10-and it was 9:45 . 
 `` i found something last night . '' 
 hanna 's voice was high and tweaky , like she 'd drunk too many cups of coffee . 
 `` i looked on naomi 's e-mail , just like you told me to do . 
 there was an e-mail thread with madison strickland about the accident . 
 i 'm pretty sure they know it was us . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 aria looked startled . 
 `` so madison is alive ? '' 
 `` naomi said she was alive , but badly injured , '' hanna said . 
 `` the thing is , naomi also said that she was , in a weird way , happy that madison had gotten in the accident . 
 there 's no way that 's true-not with what these e-mails said . '' 
 spencer shut her eyes and let out a breath . 
 once again , that crack of bone resounded through her mind . 
 she had done that . 
 she could empathize with aria now for how she felt about tabitha-it seemed different , somehow , when you were the one who 'd pushed or dropped someone . 
 `` did the e-mails name us specifically ? '' 
 `` not specifically , but one said they 're going down . 
 they . 
 naomi must know we were all involved . 
 she wrote the e-mail on july 5 , too-before we gave that money back to gayle , before the spencer-and-kelsey thing happened , before everything last summer . 
 and then there was a new e-mail from madison that said i 'm so proud of you for doing this for me . '' 
 emily ran her hand across her forehead . 
 `` okay , so now we think naomi is a. or one of the as . '' 
 `` it looks like it . '' 
 hanna looked pained just saying the words . 
 `` it seemed like she did n't know a thing , but i guess she 's just a really , really good actress . '' 
 `` if naomi is a-or even working with another a-then naomi knows everything . '' 
 aria pulled out her phone and showed it to the girls . 
 `` look what a sent me . '' 
 everyone studied the blurry image of the face of the cliffs resort that had popped up on the screen . 
 at the top of the frame were five girls on the roof deck . 
 a blond girl stood precariously near the edge ; a brunette of aria 's height and build had her arms outstretched , ready to push . 
 if you knew what you were looking for , it sealed their life-in-prison sentence . 
 `` you need to erase that ! '' 
 spencer grabbed aria 's phone and hit various buttons . 
 `` go ahead and try . '' 
 aria crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` there 's something wrong with my software-i ca n't delete anything . 
 if anyone sees it-graham , the teachers on this trip , the cops-we 're done . '' 
 hanna 's head whipped up . 
 `` you 're still speaking to graham ? '' 
 aria squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` he 's not a , okay ? '' 
 `` but what if naomi tells him what we did ? '' 
 spencer whispered . 
 `` she could have been the one who sent you those photos , aria-whoever she 's working with could have taken them and shared them with her . 
 what if she mentions the picture on your phone , and what if he , like , goes crazy with revenge and hurts you ? '' 
 aria flicked the coin return slot on the change machine . 
 `` he really does n't seem like that kind of person . '' 
 then hanna swallowed . 
 `` what are we going to do about naomi , guys ? '' 
 `` and whoever this second a might be ? '' 
 aria added . 
 `` one a at a time . '' 
 spencer leaned against a gran turismo driving console . 
 `` is there a way to prove naomi is definitely a ? '' 
 hanna tapped her lips . 
 `` spence , you said you saw someone running the other direction the night gayle was murdered . 
 do you think it could have been a girl ? '' 
 `` i guess , '' spencer answered uncertainly . 
 `` but i did n't see her face . '' 
 spencer looked at hanna . 
 `` can you go through naomi 's computer again ? 
 there could be something on there that links her to gayle 's murder . 
 you should see if she has the photos she sent to aria on her computer , too-that would prove she 's a . 
 if you find them , erase them . 
 otherwise she might send them to the cops . '' 
 hanna cracked her jaw . 
 `` but she caught me looking at her laptop . 
 i do n't want to go back to my room ever again ! '' 
 `` sneak in when she 's not there , '' aria suggested . 
 `` what if she already sent those photos to the cops ? '' 
 hanna said . 
 `` even if we do find something about gayle , they 'll think we planted it there just to destroy her credibility . '' 
 `` i doubt naomi did , '' aria said . 
 `` why else would she still be threatening us ? 
 why else have n't the cops knocked on our doors to arrest us ? '' 
 everyone stared at one another , not having an answer . 
 hanna 's hands shook . 
 emily wound the same piece of hair around and around her finger . 
 `` whatcha talking about , girls ? '' 
 a voice boomed behind them , and everyone jumped and turned . 
 jeremy stood in the doorway , his eyes concealed behind his star-shaped glasses . 
 spencer shivered . 
 how long had he been standing there ? 
 aria flinched . 
 `` uh , nothing , '' she said , shoving her phone back in her pocket . 
 everyone ducked their heads and marched toward the exit , the meeting over . 
 jeremy watched them , a strange smile on his face . 
 when spencer passed , he pushed something into her hand . 
 `` you forgot this from the restaurant last night . 
 i grabbed it for you before i left . '' 
 she stared at the object in her palm . 
 it was the polaroid the waitress at the restaurant in puerto rico had taken when they were being serenaded . 
 there was a sour feeling in her stomach ; she had n't remembered jeremy being there . 
 `` you two make such a cute couple , '' jeremy trilled . 
 `` it 's so nice to see young love bloom . '' 
 but as he shoved his glasses up his nose and did a military-style turn , spencer 's body filled with dread . 
 reefer . 
 she had to break it off with him-now . 
 there was no way she was stealing a 's guy . 
 five minutes later , she stood just outside the sauna . 
 the door was made of cracked wood slats that had darkened from moisture and time . 
 dry heat seeped from its pores , and the sharp scent of cedar hung heavily in the air . 
 the smell would forever remind her of her grandpa hastings , who had loved saunas so much he built one in his house in florida . 
 she 'd caught him lounging in there nak * d once and had never set foot in that wing of the house again . 
 taking a deep breath , she adjusted the straps on her bikini and pushed the creaky door open . 
 it was so hot inside that she immediately began to sweat . 
 the only light in the room was from the glowing coals in the corner . 
 she could just make out someone sitting on the bottom step . 
 his dreadlocks hung limply on his shoulders , and he had a towel wrapped around his waist . 
 her stomach flipped . 
 this was going to be so , so difficult . 
 `` fancy meeting you here , '' he said flirtatiously , standing up . 
 `` reefer , i - '' spencer started , but reefer slid his hands down her back and his lips touched her neck . 
 spencer shut her eyes and groaned . 
 he smelled so good , like lemon and salt . 
 `` reefer , wait . '' 
 spencer pulled away from him and caught her breath . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 reefer asked , panting . 
 `` is it too hot in here ? 
 want to cool off in the pool ? '' 
 spencer swallowed hard . 
 `` i do , but ... reefer , i do n't think i can do this anymore . '' 
 reefer stared at her . 
 the only sound was the small creaks of the sauna 's wooden beams settling . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked , his voice cracking . 
 spencer wiped a bead of sweat from her eyes . 
 `` it 's naomi , '' she said . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 she sat down on the bench and stared into the darkness . 
 if only she could tell him the truth . 
 this is a girl who already wants to kill me , she wished she could say . 
 she 's killed before . 
 i have no idea what she 's capable of . 
 and we 're in the middle of the ocean , with nowhere to hide , with no police ... but she could n't say any of that . 
 instead , she cleared her throat . 
 `` she really likes you . '' 
 `` but i do n't like her . '' 
 reefer sounded puzzled . 
 spencer picked at a scab on her knee , then looked up , realizing something . 
 `` you said you met naomi at a princeton party . 
 when was that ? '' 
 `` months ago . 
 way before i met you . '' 
 `` was she visiting any other times ? '' 
 reefer thought for a moment . 
 `` yeah . 
 that same weekend you were in princeton for the eating club thing . 
 but it was just in passing-nothing happened between us . '' 
 spencer blinked . 
 `` naomi was there that weekend ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 why ? '' 
 her heart thudded . 
 `` was she at the party where ... the brownie incident happened ? '' 
 she closed her eyes and thought about all the kids stuffed into that off-campus house . 
 she had n't seen naomi there , but she 'd been high , and her attention had been on harper and the other ivy girls . 
 `` no , a different one , '' reefer furrowed his brows . 
 `` why does it matter ? '' 
 `` no reason , '' spencer said faintly . 
 her head was spinning . 
 if naomi had been at princeton the same weekend she went to the ivy pot luck , she could have been the one who laced spencer 's pot brownies with lsd . 
 had n't spencer heard a freaky giggle when she 'd stepped outside the ivy house ? 
 had n't she thought she 'd seen a shock of blond hair just like naomi 's slip into the woods ? 
 and was it possible that hanna 's accident had started all this ? 
 spencer had begged hanna to come clean . 
 after jamaica , they did n't need another secret on their hands . 
 hanna had shaken her head . 
 `` i ca n't do that to my dad 's campaign , '' hanna said a few days later . 
 she and spencer had been sitting at wordsmith 's , a bookstore near rosewood day . 
 `` but it was n't even your fault , '' spencer said , jiggling her foot . 
 `` that other car swerved at you from out of nowhere , and then just disappeared . '' 
 `` i think that 's what happened . '' 
 hanna shut her eyes , as if trying to replay the scene on the back of her eyelids . 
 `` but now i 'm not sure . 
 maybe i was in the wrong lane . 
 the rain was so heavy , and the road is so twisty , and ... '' she trailed off , putting her head in her hands . 
 for a while , the only sound in the store was the classical music that played over the speakers . 
 spencer had looked at her cell phone ; she 'd received a text from phineas , a friend she 'd made at the university of pennsylvania summer program she 'd enrolled in , asking her if she wanted to go to a party that night . 
 she was about to text him back when she looked over and saw someone standing stock-still in one of the aisles , head cocked . 
 the person slipped out of sight before spencer could see who it was , but it looked like she had the same color blond hair as naomi 's . 
 now spencer peered cautiously at reefer . 
 `` i just do n't want anyone mad at me right now . '' 
 reefer lifted his palms . 
 `` would it help if i told her to back off ? '' 
 `` do n't do that ! '' 
 spencer said quickly . 
 `` i-i just do n't think we should start anything until we get off the ship . '' 
 reefer looked crushed . 
 `` you really think that 's best ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 they stepped away from each other . 
 reefer turned his back and adjusted the towel around his waist , and spencer made the mistake of looking at his dewy skin and taut lats . 
 her stomach swooped . 
 as though pulled by an invisible string , she fell into him again . 
 he pressed her against the wooden wall and kissed her hard . 
 `` i knew you could n't resist me , '' reefer joked . 
 spencer laughed sheepishly . 
 `` okay , so maybe we make out in private until we get off the boat . '' 
 `` if it means making out with you , i 'm in . '' 
 then he opened the door . 
 `` let 's go to the pool . 
 my skin feels like it 's boiling off . '' 
 spencer nodded reluctantly . 
 `` but if we see naomi , we have to leave . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 they padded down the tiled hall toward the pool area . 
 a bunch of kids were having chicken fights in the shallow end , and girls were tanning on lounge chairs near the bar . 
 there was a squeak under spencer 's feet , and it was n't until she was already in the air that she realized she 'd slipped . 
 she fell hard on the tiles , banging her elbow . 
 white-hot pain shot through her ankle . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 she shrieked , curling into a ball . 
 reefer dropped to his knees . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 spencer touched her foot . 
 it was already swelling up . 
 `` what did you slip on , anyway ? '' 
 reefer asked . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 spencer looked around for something that had blocked her path , but the corridor was empty . 
 then the familiar scent of baby oil filled her nostrils . 
 there was a slick puddle a few inches away from where she 'd landed . 
 spencer had taken this route on her way to the sauna , though . 
 the baby oil had n't been there a few minutes ago-she was sure of it . 
 a cold feeling swept over her bones . 
 all at once , a high-pitched giggle swirled down the corridor . 
 as reefer helped spencer stand , her phone chimed . 
 she clumsily removed it from her beach bag and read the new text . 
 careful , careful ! 
 i might just slip , too-and tell.-a 19 dead man 's float `` aria ? '' 
 noel called from outside a small striped changing tent near the pool deck . 
 `` are you coming ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' aria said , staring down at her body in the purple string bikini hanna had insisted she buy for the trip . 
 she 'd been so busy with the scavenger hunt that she had n't worn it yet , but now she felt self-conscious . 
 it was skimpier than any suit she 'd ever worn , the legs cut high , the top cut low . 
 `` how can i teach you how to swim if you do n't come out of the dressing room ? '' 
 noel pointed out . 
 it was saturday afternoon , and aria and noel had just finished their lunch shift at the cafe and finally had some time to spend together . 
 when noel suggested teaching aria how to swim properly , aria thought he was kidding . 
 `` i 'm the best teacher ever , i promise , '' he 'd insisted . 
 she emerged from the tent . 
 the air had turned chilly in the last hour , and the pool area had cleared out . 
 steam rose from the hot tub . 
 floating lounge chairs , kickboards , and fun noodles were stacked in plastic bins on the deck . 
 there was something eerie about the emptiness , though-the starfish , dolphin , and octopus decorations on the railings looked angry instead of friendly . 
 she lowered the towel and dropped it on one of the chaises . 
 noel , who was dressed in flowered trunks , sucked in a breath . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 `` oh , stop , '' aria said , smiling to herself . 
 she walked to the steps and started into the pool . 
 the water lapped around her toes , then her calves , then her midsection . 
 she ducked her head under and came up sputtering . 
 `` cold ! '' 
 `` you 'll get used to it . '' 
 noel floated up to her . 
 `` come here , '' he whispered , grabbing her around the waist and holding her close . 
 aria wrapped her legs around him , feeling weightless and free . 
 they kissed for a long time , the chlorine-filled water brushing against their bodies . 
 in the bowels of the ship , the new age cirque du soleil music started to play . 
 `` let 's see your swim technique , '' noel said when they broke apart . 
 `` do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 aria waded into the deeper end until her feet no longer touched the bottom . 
 then her legs flailed wildly . 
 her arms slashed this way and that . 
 after a while , she settled into a swim stroke that mike called the aria paddle . 
 when she finally made it to the wall , she turned around . 
 noel looked horrified . 
 `` you really did n't ever take swim lessons as a kid . '' 
 aria shook her head . 
 `` mike did , but my parents never insisted on it . 
 i always took sculpting . 
 or drama . 
 or hip-hop dance . '' 
 `` we should probably teach you the basics , '' noel said . 
 `` do you know how to do the dead man 's float ? '' 
 aria winced at the name . 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 noel led her back to the shallow end . 
 `` this will help you in case you ever get stranded at sea . '' 
 aria gave him a crazy look . 
 `` thanks , but i do n't plan on that happening . '' 
 `` no one ever does . '' 
 noel put his hands on his hips . 
 `` lie facedown in the water . 
 i 'll hold you up . '' 
 aria did as she was told . 
 she felt noel 's hands prop her up under her waist . 
 `` stretch out your arms ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` now totally relax ! '' 
 it was weird not to thrash around to stay afloat-she kept thinking she was going to sink . 
 but after a moment , she went with it and opened her eyes underwater . 
 the bottom of the pool had diamond-shaped tiles . 
 she could just make out noel 's blurry feet . 
 she turned her head to breathe , then plunged under again . 
 her limbs felt heavy , but buoyant . 
 it was zen , like she really was dead . 
 tabitha 's body floating in the waves flashed in her mind . 
 then came a voice : you did that . 
 you 're going to be punished . 
 instantly , her focus shattered . 
 she breathed in a mouthful of water and came up sputtering , staring at noel as if he 'd seen into her thoughts . 
 `` what happened ! '' 
 noel cried , oblivious . 
 `` you were doing great ! '' 
 aria wiped water out of her eyes . 
 `` i got scared , '' she muttered . 
 it was n't a lie . 
 over the next hour , aria learned how to tread water with the flutter and frog kicks . 
 she struggled with sculling , but had a pretty decent first try at the elementary backstroke . 
 by the time the sun came out again and a few kids appeared on the pool deck , aria felt exhausted but almost successful . 
 she and noel retreated to the hot tub and shared a pitcher of lemonade . 
 `` you do make a pretty good teacher , '' she told noel , kissing him on the cheek . 
 `` it 's romantic , too . 
 both of us almost nak * d , you holding me up ... '' `` want to make it a regular thing ? '' 
 noel sipped his drink . 
 `` if you knew how to swim , we could surf together . 
 you 'd love it . 
 it 's addictive . '' 
 `` i do n't think i should surf quite yet , '' aria said , shutting her eyes and letting the hot tub jets massage her legs . 
 `` but sure . 
 we can do more lessons . '' 
 `` how about later ? 
 i could take a day off surfing . '' 
 aria opened her eyes . 
 there was such a tender look on noel 's face that she hated to let him down . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said regretfully . 
 `` i have to meet graham . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 noel looked disappointed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 aria felt genuinely bad-noel looked so upset . 
 `` we 're just friends . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 he likes you , though . 
 a dude can tell . '' 
 `` no , he does n't , '' aria said quickly . 
 `` he 's this close to making a date with tori . 
 they ran into each other at dinner last night , and she invited him to sit at her table , but we 're not really counting that as a date because it was n't planned . '' 
 noel snickered . 
 `` you really like playing cupid , do n't you ? '' 
 `` definitely , '' aria said . 
 `` it makes me feel good . '' 
 she meant that in more ways than one . 
 someone turned on a radio , and a shakira song played . 
 caterers began to set out a buffet , and a few kids got in line . 
 noel lifted the locket that hung around aria 's neck . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're still wearing this . '' 
 `` it 's the nicest thing anyone has ever given me , '' aria murmured . 
 noel dropped the necklace back to her chest , and she stared at it again . 
 there was something so familiar about it , something she could n't place . 
 something next to her towel caught her eye . 
 her cell phone screen had lit up . 
 she climbed out of the hot tub and looked at the screen . 
 one new text . 
 she turned her back so noel could n't see . 
 after she read it through , she pressed delete and , luckily , the note vanished . 
 but she would n't forget the message for a long time . 
 clownfish are pretty , starfish are pale . 
 will aria 's boyfriend visit her in jail ? 
 - a 20 resisting is so hard to do an hour later , emily stood with aria and spencer in a secluded corner near the shuffleboard deck , grass skirts around their waists . 
 she listened to the beginning bars of the hawaiian hula sound they 'd chosen for the talent show swell through the portable ipod speakers . 
 after a moment , she counted off . 
 `` five , six , seven , eight ... '' they all waved their hands gracefully and started wiggling their hips . 
 about thirty seconds in , aria stopped and stared at the others . 
 `` we 're all making our hands go in different directions for that part , '' she said . 
 `` we all need to swish to the right first , then the left . '' 
 `` i 'm doing the best i can , considering the fact that my ankle is killing me . '' 
 spencer held up her left foot , which had an ace bandage wrapped around it . 
 she said she 'd slipped in baby oil earlier . 
 `` and we talked about adding that waddling-like-a-duck move , '' aria said as she paused the song . 
 `` does anyone remember exactly how to do it ? 
 ali was definitely the best at it . '' 
 `` i 'm so sick of ali , '' emily mumbled angrily under her breath . 
 spencer and aria 's heads snapped up . 
 `` what was that , em ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` nothing , '' emily said stiffly , smoothing down the grass skirt . 
 one of the blades pierced her thigh , and she winced . 
 `` does anyone else think these skirts suck ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 spencer leaned against the railing , looking worried . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 emily sighed . 
 `` i just do n't feel in the mood to do this anymore . 
 i mean , what 's the point ? '' 
 she shoved her flip-flops back on her feet , keeping her eyes averted from her friends . 
 `` we 're being tortured by a . 
 we 're practically wanted by the police . 
 do n't you think doing a talent show routine is a little ridiculous ? 
 how are we going to ride a vespa in jail ? '' 
 `` it 's a nice diversion , '' spencer said quietly . 
 `` did something happen , em ? '' 
 aria pressed . 
 `` something with a ? 
 something with that girl you saw on tv yesterday ? 
 is she really on the ship ? '' 
 emily looked away , biting her lip . 
 she regretted that her friends had been there to witness her cnn preppy thief meltdown . 
 she did n't want to drag them into the scandal . 
 `` she got off the boat yesterday , '' she lied-although , for all she knew , it was true . 
 there had been no trace of jordan when emily got back to her room the day before , and she had n't heard from her since . 
 `` and let 's never talk about it again , okay ? '' 
 there was a long , awkward pause . 
 `` okay , '' spencer said , concern in her voice . 
 `` good , '' emily said perfunctorily . 
 but when she shut her eyes , all she could think about was that news broadcast . 
 the preppy thief . 
 jordan being led to jail in an orange jumpsuit . 
 google had provided a hundred links with all the awful details . 
 jordan-or katherine delong , or whatever her name was-didn ' t come from a poor family , as she 'd told emily , but a very wealthy one from outside new york city . 
 there were pictures of her at society events in manhattan and debutante parties in the hamptons . 
 she 'd been stealing boats , cars , planes-basically , anything she could get her hands on-for two years now , jet-setting across the world to attempt bigger and more daring heists . 
 she had finally been arrested and thrown in jail near philly a few months earlier , when she was caught driving her father 's law partner 's ferrari . 
 now the fbi was after her . 
 the articles described her as a `` con woman , '' capable of convincing people of anything and everything just to get her way . 
 other reporters called her a `` sociopath , '' a `` girl houdini , '' and `` a miscreant with no respect for private property . '' 
 apparently , jordan did n't steal the vehicles because she had any use for them-it was all for the thrill . 
 it was crushing . 
 emily had felt reborn with jordan . 
 for a few blissful hours , there had been something good in her world again . 
 but how could she have fallen for another liar ? 
 did jordan even like her at all , or was she exploiting emily 's kindness and generosity to keep a low profile ? 
 what if emily got in trouble just for associating with her ? 
 a knew about it , too-what if a told ? 
 sighing , she grabbed her bag from the ledge where she 'd left it . 
 `` i 'm going back to my room for a while . 
 i 'll be ready for the performance tomorrow , though . 
 i promise . '' 
 she padded toward the elevator , glancing over her shoulder just once . 
 aria and spencer were whispering , probably trying to decide whether or not to follow her . 
 she was glad when they did n't . 
 there was no one in the elevator for her ride to her floor , and the hallway to her room was empty . 
 but when she saw a figure sitting at her door , she froze , her heart suddenly beating fast . 
 it was jordan . 
 jordan glanced up at the same time . 
 her lips parted , and she started to stand . 
 `` emily ! '' 
 emily turned around and walked the other way , the grass skirt scratching against her legs . 
 `` emily ! '' 
 jordan called again , running after her . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 emily kept going , saying nothing . 
 `` i know you 're mad , '' jordan blurted . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you sooner . 
 i tried , a few times , but ... i just did n't know how . '' 
 `` well , now it 's all out in the open , is n't it ? '' 
 emily said brusquely , pulling open the heavy door to the stairs . 
 she had no idea where she was going . 
 she just knew she had to go somewhere . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 jordan 's voice cracked . 
 `` you 're just going to walk away from us ? '' 
 emily pulled her bottom lip into her mouth and climbed the first set of stairs , the grass skirt swishing loudly against her legs . 
 `` emily , please , '' jordan said . 
 `` you 're the best thing that 's happened to me in a long time . '' 
 emily paused mid-step . 
 when she turned , jordan 's face was stained with tears . 
 her pert nose was red-rimmed from crying , and her hands were worrying the hem of her t-shirt . 
 a t-shirt , incidentally , she had borrowed from emily 's closet-because emily was so frickin ' nice and naive . 
 the image of jordan on tv flared in her mind . 
 walk away , a wounded voice inside her said . 
 but she also knew what jordan meant . 
 something amazing had happened between them . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` you lied to me . 
 i do n't know anything about you . 
 i did n't even know your real name ! '' 
 `` i know . 
 and i feel terrible about it . 
 but it was n't because i wanted to hurt you . 
 i wanted to protect you . '' 
 emily ran her fingers over a crack on the wall . 
 `` did you really escape from jail ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jordan said in a quiet voice . 
 `` why were n't you wearing that orange jumpsuit when i first saw you ? '' 
 `` i was in my regular clothes in the holding cell . '' 
 `` and why did you pick the name jordan ? '' 
 `` it 's my middle name . '' 
 jordan stared at her feet . 
 `` and richards is my mom 's maiden name . 
 i 've always liked them both better . '' 
 `` why did you steal planes ? 
 cars ? '' 
 jordan lowered her eyes . 
 `` it was something my best friend dared me to do . 
 we were in it together . '' 
 emily scoffed . 
 `` your best friend made you steal a plane ? '' 
 `` it was that girl mackenzie i started talking about . 
 she dared me to steal bigger things , do more dangerous stuff , basically because she loved the power over me . 
 she promised she 'd love me back if i did , but it did n't work that way . '' 
 emily curled her toes . 
 the story was awfully familiar-ali had treated her like that , too . 
 `` mackenzie was the one who turned me in , actually , '' jordan went on . 
 `` i told her i did n't want to steal things anymore , that it was getting too crazy . 
 so she called the cops on me . '' 
 emily gasped . 
 `` did she get in trouble ? '' 
 jordan shook her head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 did n't she steal stuff , too ? '' 
 jordan 's lips twitched . 
 `` i did n't tell the cops that . '' 
 she peeked at emily sheepishly . 
 `` really lame , right ? '' 
 emily stared at the big number 6 painted on the wall next to the stairs . 
 she 'd covered for ali , too . 
 hell , she 'd even let her out of the poconos house . 
 `` it 's not lame . 
 but your relationship with your friend is n't love . 
 it 's not even friendship . '' 
 `` i know , '' jordan said quietly . 
 `` but once i realized it , it was too late . 
 only now do i really know what love is . '' 
 emily looked up ; the air felt electrically charged . 
 jordan was looking so deeply into emily 's eyes that emily felt a magnetic pull toward her . 
 she thought about how jordan had held her close on the glass-bottomed boat , accepting everything about her . 
 and how she 'd kissed emily out in the open at the elevators . 
 and how they could talk about anything , and how much they laughed , and how right kissing her felt . 
 she walked slowly back down the stairs until she was by jordan 's side . 
 when she slipped her hand into jordan 's , it felt as though she 'd come home . 
 but then terror struck her . 
 `` what if someone else knows where you are ? '' 
 she thought of a 's note . 
 cute ! 
 you can room together in jail ! 
 jordan 's mouth made a line . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 emily swallowed hard . 
 `` what if someone recognizes you from the news ... and tells ? '' 
 `` i 've kept a really low profile , '' jordan insisted . 
 `` i do n't think anyone on this ship is on the lookout for me , anyway . 
 you should n't worry . '' 
 `` but ... '' emily trailed off , thinking of all the things a could do with the information . 
 `` what are you going to do when this cruise ends and we 're back on land ? 
 they 're going to catch you-you ca n't run forever . 
 what will happen to us ? 
 will i ever see you again ? '' 
 jordan pulled her close and rocked her back and forth . 
 `` hey , '' she said soothingly , rubbing a figure-eight pattern on emily 's back . 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 `` but i have to worry ! '' 
 emily cried . 
 `` you need a plan ! 
 you need to figure out a way to stay safe ! '' 
 jordan smiled placidly . 
 `` em , i do have a plan . '' 
 emily blinked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 slowly , jordan led her out of the stairwell , past the busy arcade , and into one of the lounges , which had big velvet booths and long aquariums lining the walls . 
 other than jeremy , who was leaning against the bar , talking to one of the bartenders , they were the only people in the room . 
 they sat down in a back booth near a glowing atm machine . 
 the second hand of the art deco clock on the wall made a full rotation before jordan spoke again . 
 `` i 'm never going back to the states , '' she began . 
 `` you 're right-i 'll be arrested as soon as i set foot there . 
 as long as i stay in another country , though , i 'll be safe . 
 so when we dock in bermuda , i 'm getting on a plane . 
 i was going to do it at our first stop in st. martin , but then i met you , and i just ... could n't . '' 
 emily 's eyes widened . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` thailand . 
 i have it all worked out . 
 there 's a fake passport waiting for me in bermuda , along with a plane ticket . '' 
 emily pictured a mental map of the world , trying to gauge the distance between rosewood and thailand . 
 it felt like jordan was going to the moon . 
 `` what are you going to do there ? '' 
 `` live an amazing life . '' 
 jordan said wistfully , twisting a cloth napkin that had been set on the table in her hands . 
 `` it 's incredible there , em-beautiful beaches , an amazing culture , and you can live like a king on nothing . 
 i was thinking of teaching english to make money . 
 and i want you to come with me . '' 
 emily sat back in the plushy booth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` think about it ! '' 
 jordan grabbed emily 's hands across the table , almost knocking over a glass of water . 
 `` we 'd live on the beach . 
 you 'd get to swim in the ocean every day . 
 we could travel , have amazing adventures , and you 'd get to escape everything here that you hate . '' 
 a kid emily did n't recognize passed by them to use the atm , and emily pressed her lips together until he finished . 
 then she looked at jordan plaintively . 
 `` but what if i wanted to see my family ? 
 would n't a plane ticket be really expensive ? '' 
 `` you could n't see your family ever again . 
 the authorities might figure out we escaped together-you 'd be considered an accessory for hiding me . 
 if you came back to the states , you could be arrested , too . '' 
 the words hit emily like a punch to the stomach . 
 never see her family again ? 
 never live in america again ? 
 then again , what did she have in the states that she really treasured ? 
 a family who hated her ? 
 a college future she was n't even excited about ? 
 good friends , yes , but they 'd probably jump at the chance to get out of town , too . 
 and there was violet , of course , but the bakers were the best parents she could ask for . 
 if emily left , she 'd never have to worry about getting arrested for tabitha 's murder . 
 she 'd never have to worry about a coming after her , and she 'd never be haunted by ali 's ghost-or any other ghosts of rosewood past again . 
 her family would probably celebrate her disappearance . 
 it would n't even register on isaac 's radar . 
 unc would find a new swimmer . 
 she looked at jordan 's huge , hopeful eyes , her parted lips , and the adorable dimple next to her eyebrow . 
 she had found so much in one person , and letting her go seemed like a terrible mistake . 
 and could she really afford to make another one of those ? 
 21 hanna 's slumber party `` c'mon , people , two more reps ! '' 
 the jillian michaels impersonator yelled as she stood in front of the small workout room , raising two pale-blue dumbbells over her head . 
 `` do it even though it hurts ! 
 feel the burn ! '' 
 hanna 's arms felt like rubber , but she lifted the dumbbells as high as she could anyway , letting out a grunt . 
 when she looked at herself in the mirror , she was making a constipated , old-woman grimace . 
 then she dropped the weights to the floor and sighed . 
 `` give yourself a round of applause ! '' 
 the instructor whooped . 
 a few people burst into tepid clapping . 
 hanna collapsed onto her mat . 
 it was saturday afternoon , and she 'd been in the gym for two hours now-before taking the 7-day shred class , she 'd pounded on the treadmill for thirty minutes , then tried to lose herself for another twenty on the stairmaster . 
 but none of it had helped her forget about naomi , or a , or naomi as a. everyone in the class headed for the door , and hanna draped a towel over her shoulders and followed . 
 but when she saw naomi 's shining face in the window , she backtracked . 
 `` hey there , superstar ! '' 
 naomi said brightly , pushing into the room . 
 she was dressed in gray terry-cloth shorts , a white tank top , and new balance sneakers . 
 `` you vanished so early this morning ! 
 have you been here this whole time ? 
 you should 've told me you were coming to the gym-i would 've joined you ! '' 
 `` uh , it was a last-minute thing , '' hanna said , avoiding naomi 's gaze , which felt far too intrusive . 
 naomi linked her arm through hanna 's . 
 `` i was just talking to the pilates instructor-she sounds really awesome . 
 maybe we could sign up for a joint session tomorrow ? '' 
 `` uh , sure . '' 
 hanna fiddled with her towel , unnerved by how close naomi was standing to her . 
 a vision of gayle 's dead body on the driveway flashed through her mind . 
 naomi did that . 
 naomi placed her hands on her hips . 
 `` are you pissed at me ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' hanna bleated , trying to sound innocent . 
 `` well , you 're acting weird , '' naomi said , hurt evident in her voice . 
 `` you 're treating me like i have barf in my hair . '' 
 hanna mustered a carefree shrug . 
 `` i 'm just tired . '' 
 then she gestured toward the fountain , mumbled how she was dying for a drink , and made a beeline for the faucet . 
 she knows everything , a voice inside her head roared . 
 everything she told you was a lie . 
 she 's not happy her cousin was in the crash-she 's furious , and she 's out for blood . 
 when she was finished drinking , naomi was waiting . 
 `` can we at least rehearse for the talent show this afternoon ? '' 
 hanna felt trapped . 
 thankfully , at that very moment , her cell phone chimed . 
 it was only an e-mail from shopbop.com about summer must-haves , but naomi did n't know that . 
 `` mike wants to meet me-he says it 's an emergency . 
 bummer . '' 
 naomi looked suspicious . 
 `` do you still want to be my partner for the talent show ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 hanna lied , afraid of what naomi might do if she said no . 
 she shot her an i 'm - sorry-i 'm - so-busy smile . 
 `` we 'll catch up soon , okay ? '' 
 and then , ducking her head , she darted for the stairwell door and scrambled to the floor her room was on-she was desperate for a change of clothes . 
 she feared naomi would follow her , but she did n't appear on the landing . 
 hanna unlocked her door and rushed inside . 
 even though it had only been a few hours since she 'd been there , the room did n't seem like hers any longer . 
 naomi 's suitcase was in a completely different place now . 
 different clothes were on her bed , and the chair had been moved to the window . 
 hanna peeked around for naomi 's laptop , but it was nowhere to be seen . 
 she 'd probably never leave it unattended again . 
 she collapsed onto her bed for a moment , all at once feeling as tired as she 'd pretended to be at the gym . 
 her head sank into the cool , soft pillow . 
 her aching limbs relaxed into the cushy mattress . 
 it felt so good to stretch out after so many hours of exercise . 
 the white noise of the fan was lulling and soothing . 
 i 'll just close my eyes for a minute , she thought to herself , her breathing slowing . 
 and then , darkness surrounded her like a heavy blanket , cloaking everything . 
 when she opened her eyes again , she was sitting in an unfamiliar bmw . 
 a pine tree air freshener spun from the rearview mirror . 
 the radio was set to a hip-hop station . 
 she blinked and looked out the window . 
 it was pouring outside . 
 tall buildings surrounded her , and a neon sign for south street steaks flashed in the distance . 
 the passenger door opened , and a figure flopped into the passenger seat . 
 `` you really do n't have to do this , olivia , '' a familiar voice slurred . 
 `` i 'm totally fine to drive . '' 
 hanna blinked hard . 
 it was madison . 
 her blond hair was mussed , her face was flushed , and she was wearing the same striped t-shirt she 'd worn that night at the bar . 
 hanna looked around again . 
 this was that night at the bar . 
 the air felt like summer . 
 madison 's breath smelled thickly of booze . 
 hanna had a salty margarita taste in her mouth . 
 then she had an epiphany . 
 was she getting a do-over of that night ? 
 could she change fate ? 
 could she get out of the car , hail madison a cab , and send her home another way , staying out of this mess completely ? 
 then naomi would never have anything against them . 
 she would never become a . 
 this nightmare would n't be happening . 
 but when she tried to pull the door handle to leave , her fingers would n't respond . 
 and then , unwittingly , she felt her hand twist the key in the ignition and rev the car 's engine . 
 before she knew it , she was pulling into traffic . 
 stop ! 
 she told herself , but her foot continued to press the gas . 
 `` get on 76 west , '' madison mumbled , pointing to the sign above them . 
 hanna tried to steer the car in another direction , but it was useless . 
 she found herself merging onto the highway , just as she had the first time . 
 she focused on the road , which was barely visible through the rain . 
 `` stay on 76 until 202 , '' madison instructed . 
 those were the directions to get to rosewood . 
 `` where do you live , exactly ? '' 
 hanna asked , even though she now knew . 
 madison giggled . 
 `` you 're going to hate me , but i do n't exactly remember . 
 my parents just bought a new house , like , last week , and i keep forgetting the address . 
 but i think i can get us there . '' 
 an oncoming car sent up a plume of water against the windshield . 
 pull over ! 
 she told herself . 
 wait at least until this rain stops ! 
 but , frustratingly , she kept driving . 
 madison directed hanna to reeds lane . 
 hanna 's heart thudded as she navigated the curves , dreading the moment that was about to come . 
 and then , there it was : a car appeared out of nowhere , veering straight into her lane . 
 she screamed and cut the wheel . 
 madison let out a strange urp sound , and her head banged against the seat . 
 the tires skidded on the wet road , and before hanna knew it , the car had slid down the embankment . 
 she hit the brakes hard , and the wheels locked and the back end fishtailed . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 a huge oak approached in the windshield . 
 she tried to turn away from it , but it was too late . 
 there was a deafening crunch , and then a symphony of shattering glass . 
 hanna shielded her face and felt the airbag deploy . 
 the seatbelt cut hard against her shoulder and waist , and then everything stopped . 
 when she opened her eyes , the radio was still playing . 
 the engine still hummed . 
 a tree branch poked through the windshield . 
 glass had shattered everywhere . 
 hanna looked to her right . 
 madison 's head was tilted at a strange angle . 
 a thin ribbon of blood flowed out of her nose . 
 when hanna looked down into the footwell , she screamed . 
 madison had no legs . 
 she was only a torso . 
 `` madison ? '' 
 hanna whispered shakily . 
 she shook madison 's shoulder . 
 `` madison ? '' 
 suddenly , madison 's eyes popped open . 
 hanna recoiled . 
 the girl 's eyes were clear and lucid , and she stared unflinchingly at hanna . 
 `` your name is n't olivia , '' she said in a haunted voice . 
 `` it 's hanna marin . 
 i know everything about you . '' 
 hanna 's eyes boggled . 
 she pushed the airbag out of the way and tried to scramble out of the car , but madison caught her arm before she could . 
 when she turned back , it was n't madison 's face staring back at her . 
 it was ali 's . 
 `` hey , hanna ! '' 
 the corners of ali 's lips stretched wide into a smile . 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 hanna shot up in bed , breathing hard . 
 she was in the calm , quiet stateroom on the boat . 
 the covers had been thrown back , and she was clutching a pillow with her trembling fingers . 
 she pinched the bridge of her nose and tried to erase ali 's face from her thoughts , but her smile was burned in her brain . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 naomi was sitting on her own bed , looking curiously at hanna . 
 hanna jumped . 
 `` h-how long have you been sitting there ? '' 
 naomi smiled , her wide blue eyes seemingly innocent . 
 `` not too long . 
 you were really passed out , though . 
 saying some crazy stuff , too . '' 
 `` l-like what ? '' 
 hanna gasped . 
 the dream spun in her head . 
 what if she 'd called out madison 's name ? 
 naomi shrugged but did n't answer . 
 she grabbed hanna 's hands to pull her up . 
 `` i have a surprise for you . '' 
 `` a surprise ? '' 
 hanna echoed weakly . 
 naomi pulled a plastic bag from behind her back and took out two candy-colored wigs . 
 `` look what i found in one of the shops on the concourse level ! 
 wo n't they be perfect for our routine tomorrow ? '' 
 she plopped the blue one on hanna 's head , then arranged the purple one on her own . 
 `` i think i know why you 're acting so weird , hanna . 
 you have stage fright , do n't you ? 
 you 're freaked about singing in front of all of those people . 
 but it 's going to be great . 
 i 'll be right next to you . 
 nothing can go wrong-i promise . 
 so are you still in ? '' 
 the fruity kate spade perfume naomi always wore was suddenly so overpowering that hanna thought she might throw up . 
 she looked down at her arm . 
 naomi was still gripping her wrist , and her eyes flashed , looking so much like madison 's . 
 she pulled her arm away fast . 
 `` i-i have to go . '' 
 naomi frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 hanna stood up , her mind a blank . 
 her only goal was to get to the front door as quickly as possible . 
 `` s-something came up , '' she stammered . 
 `` but what about the talent show ? '' 
 hanna glanced back just once . 
 there was such a hurt look on naomi 's face , but hanna knew now it was all just a facade . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she practically whispered . 
 then she flung the door open , slipped into the hall , and slammed it shut before naomi could follow her . 
 she was almost to the elevators when she caught sight of herself in the hall mirror . 
 the blue wig naomi had bought sat crookedly on her head , half of the hair sticking straight in the air , the other half sweeping across her forehead . 
 as she reached to pull it off , something fluttered out and skidded to the floor . 
 it looked like a receipt . 
 on the back , something was scrawled in blue felt-tip pen . 
 when hanna leaned down to look closer , her heart stood still . 
 you ca n't hide from the truth , little liar . 
 you 're going to get what you deserve.-a 22 she 's made her bed ... the next morning , there was a loud knock on spencer 's door . 
 `` spencer ? '' 
 reefer called . 
 `` are you in there ? '' 
 `` go away , '' she answered in a muffled voice . 
 `` i 'm sick . '' 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 reefer sounded worried . 
 `` can i come in ? 
 please ? '' 
 spencer hid her face with a pillow and groaned . 
 she 'd remained in her room for as long as she possibly could . 
 texts had come in from aria , hanna , and emily , bright and early , reporting that hanna had n't yet been able to sneak on naomi 's computer and find out anything else . 
 then emily and aria had called , asking spencer if she wanted to run through the talent show routine one more time-the performance was that night , and they still had n't nailed all the dance steps . 
 they 'd stopped bugging her after she said she was n't feeling well , but reefer had n't given up . 
 `` pleeeease ? '' 
 reefer drawled again . 
 spencer sighed , stood up , and hobbled toward the door , wincing as she put weight on her twisted ankle . 
 the light was bright in the hall , and she squinted . 
 reefer 's jaw dropped when he saw her . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 `` what part ? '' 
 spencer turned away . 
 `` the fact that i smell like vomit , or the fact that there 's gum all through my hair ? '' 
 `` all of it ! '' 
 reefer cried . 
 spencer glanced at her reflection in the sunburst mirror in the hall and shuddered . 
 it was bad enough that she 'd spent the whole night vomiting because of some bad shrimp scampi she 'd eaten at dinner-or , well , she assumed it was the shrimp , even though other people had eaten the same thing and had n't even gotten a stomachache . 
 that morning , she 'd also awakened to a huge glob of chewing gum as a brand-new hair accessory . 
 it was going to take a miracle to get it out without chopping off all her hair . 
 `` someone put it in my hair in the crush to get out of the cafe after dinner , '' spencer said . 
 `` i turned around , and suddenly it was there . '' 
 reefer sat down on the desk chair , looking puzzled . 
 `` did you see who did it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` maybe you were chewing gum before you went to sleep and forgot to take it out . '' 
 she shook her head vehemently . 
 `` i never chew gum before bed . '' 
 reefer walked over to her and hugged her waist . 
 `` maybe this is the universe 's way of telling you that we should n't sneak around anymore . '' 
 spencer wriggled out of his grip . 
 `` we have to sneak around . '' 
 `` still ? '' 
 reefer put his hands on his hips . 
 `` i told you , '' spencer said . 
 `` i do n't think it 's fair for naomi . 
 and you said you were fine with it . '' 
 reefer sniffed . 
 `` i did n't know you were going to be so serious about it . '' 
 then reefer ran his hands through her hair , seemingly not grossed out by the gum . 
 she tried to resist , but reefer smelled like sunscreen and chlorine , and in a second , his lips were on hers and they fell onto spencer 's bed . 
 his skin was warm from the sun . 
 spencer shifted positions so she could help reefer pull his shirt over his head . 
 crack . 
 suddenly , the bed was on the ground . 
 the floor shook . 
 the picture of the ship hanging above spencer 's bed wobbled on its nail , then fell . 
 spencer covered her head just before it crashed to the mattress . 
 reefer blinked . 
 `` i knew i was wild , but i did n't know i was that wild . '' 
 spencer crawled to the carpet and stared at the bed frame . 
 all four legs splayed horizontally , as though no longer able to bear the weight of the mattress . 
 the wood was n't splintered , as she might have expected , but had broken off clean , as if it had been sawed through . 
 then she stood up and examined the nail on which the picture over the bed had hung . 
 it dangled precariously from the wall , in danger of falling out itself . 
 it had clearly been messed with . 
 the first evening of the trip , the seas had been rocky , and though spencer and kirsten 's tubes of toothpaste had tumbled off the shelf in the bathroom , not a single piece of furniture or decoration had budged . 
 they 'd both joked that everything in the room was probably bolted down , not hanging by a faulty nail . 
 spencer 's skin prickled . 
 the thought that had been quietly , insidiously swirling around her head for the last twenty-four hours pushed to the forefront of her mind . 
 `` that 's it , '' she announced . 
 `` i ca n't take it anymore . 
 this has gone far enough . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 reefer asked . 
 `` do n't you see ? '' 
 spencer cried , her voice cracking . 
 `` the slip on the floor , the food poisoning , the gum thing , and now the bed ? 
 someone is doing this to me ! '' 
 the smile faded from reefer 's face . 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm serious . '' 
 `` who would be doing this to you ? 
 and why ? '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` is n't it obvious ? 
 naomi ! '' 
 reefer 's eyes widened . 
 `` come on . 
 she 's not that crazy . '' 
 `` yes , she is ! '' 
 spencer peered around the cabin nervously . 
 `` does that tv look like it 's sitting too close to the edge to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 then she looked at the untouched breakfast tray she 'd ordered from room service and gave the pastries an experimental sniff . 
 `` will you taste that muffin to make sure naomi did n't lace it with acid ? '' 
 reefer stared at her . 
 `` um , spencer , if it 's laced with acid , then i 'd be on acid . 
 but you 've lost all perspective . 
 naomi is n't gaslighting you . '' 
 `` yes , she is ! '' 
 spencer cried . 
 she rushed over to the closet and peeked inside , worried her bags were booby-trapped to fall on her head . 
 then she held her bottle of allergy pills to the light . 
 were they the same blue shape as before ? 
 what if naomi had replaced them with something else-something dangerous ? 
 reefer placed his hands on her shoulders . 
 `` you 've got to calm down . 
 you ca n't go around blaming bad luck on someone else . 
 everything that has happened to you is because you made it happen , okay ? '' 
 a lump formed in spencer 's throat . 
 reefer was right-but not for the reasons he thought . 
 maybe she had made her bad luck happen-maybe this was a karmic revenge for all the terrible things she 'd done . 
 framing kelsey . 
 helping hanna with madison . 
 tabitha . 
 this was the universe 's way of punishing her . 
 then she blinked hard , reality snapping back into focus . 
 this was n't karma-this was a ! 
 and a would n't stop until she got what she wanted . 
 and just like that , spencer knew what she had to do . 
 she looked up at reefer , a lump in her throat . 
 `` we have to break up , '' she said . 
 reefer 's jaw dropped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said in monotone . 
 she knew she 'd crumble if she looked reefer in the eye , so she stared at her hands . 
 `` this just does n't feel right . '' 
 `` you really think she 's torturing you , huh ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why do n't you let me talk to her ? '' 
 spencer looked away . 
 `` can you just do what i ask ? '' 
 reefer stepped back as if she 'd shoved him . 
 his eyes glistened with tears for a moment , but then he steeled his jaw , breathed in , and turned around . 
 `` fine , '' he said in a defeated voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' spencer called weakly . 
 but he had already slammed the door . 
 23 the wrong idea that afternoon , aria and graham stood outside the theater on the bottom level of the boat . 
 the bright-blue walls featured photos of the cirque du soleil performers , who all looked freakish and possessed with their buggy eyes , weirdly tight leotards , and absurdly long limbs . 
 another wall was devoted to signs for that night 's talent show-it started at seven , and there was a pre - and post-party . 
 the rest of the wall space , though , was covered with strange hieroglyphs relating to cirque du soleil . 
 aria and graham were here because the final eco scavenger hunt clue , which they 'd found in a compost pail in the ship 's kitchen , required them to decipher the hieroglyphs . 
 but to aria , the characters just looked like nonsensical squiggles . 
 `` any ideas ? '' 
 aria stepped aside as one of the acrobats , who had a single ostrich plume sprouting from her head , strutted through the theater door . 
 that morning , when he and aria had reported to gretchen , she 'd told them they were in the lead . 
 `` if we figure out this clue , those apple store gift cards are ours . '' 
 even though aria had n't been into the idea in the beginning , she 'd mentally browsed through the apple store , contemplating whether to buy a white ipad with tons of memory or a macbook air . 
 `` that 's probably why they made it so impossible . '' 
 graham 's forehead wrinkled as he studied the wall . 
 `` that one looks like a cloud . '' 
 he pointed to a puffy-looking image . 
 `` and that one looks like a falling girl . '' 
 aria flinched . 
 if she turned her head a certain way , it did look like a body descending through space . 
 the photo of tabitha 's tumbling form appeared in aria 's mind , followed by a 's latest note . 
 will aria 's boyfriend visit her in jail ? 
 the door to the theater swung open , and another acrobat strutted out . 
 she glanced at them and smiled . 
 `` want a clue ? '' 
 aria and graham nodded eagerly . 
 the acrobat edged closer . 
 `` see that picture there , the one that sort of looks like a dinner fork ? 
 it stands for an e. and the image that looks like a carrot stands for the letter s. '' aria looked at the wall again . 
 `` so it 's like a cryptogram ? '' 
 `` precisely , '' the acrobat said , then pirouetted away . 
 aria peered at the symbols . 
 she and her father , byron , used to do the cryptogram puzzle in the philadelphia sentinel every morning . 
 the puzzle always featured a scrambled quote . 
 the trick was to figure out the cipher so it made sense . 
 when she reached into her purse for a pencil , her fingers brushed against a golf tee from the mini golf course she and graham had visited the other day . 
 she smacked her forehead . 
 `` graham , i 'm so rude ! 
 how did it go with tori last night ? '' 
 graham had sent her a text the afternoon before saying that he and tori had made dinner plans . 
 she 'd written him back with a list of things to talk about , adding that he should pull out tori 's chair when she sat down and never , ever order for her . 
 she could n't believe she 'd forgotten to ask . 
 graham pushed a lock of hair off his forehead . 
 `` it was fine . '' 
 then he pointed at a three-letter word with a dinner fork icon in it . 
 `` if that stands for e , then that word is the . 
 and so are those two . '' 
 `` oh . 
 right . '' 
 aria wrote it in , then filled in the ts and hs elsewhere in the puzzle , too . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` so it was just fine ? 
 not amazing ? '' 
 `` and maybe that 's to . '' 
 graham pointed to a two-letter word starting with t . 
 it was like he did n't hear her . 
 `` yep , '' aria said , writing it in . 
 her stomach sank . 
 had the date been a disaster ? 
 maybe graham had talked nonstop about sca or his dead ex-girlfriend . 
 maybe tori had left after the appetizers . 
 she was dying to ask , but all of a sudden the hall felt too quiet and exposed . 
 they stared at the puzzle for a few minutes longer , writing in more words . 
 within a few minutes , they had the whole message : protect the seas . 
 save the planet . 
 live life to the fullest . 
 `` okaaaay . '' 
 graham twisted his mouth . 
 `` what are we supposed to do with that ? '' 
 `` i 've seen that phrase somewhere , '' aria murmured , shutting her eyes . 
 then the answer popped into her mind : the banner in the casino , from that first day . 
 she 'd noticed it because she 'd sworn she 'd seen something-or someone-moving in the shadows beneath it . 
 `` come on , '' she said , grabbing graham 's hand . 
 the casino was dark and empty , the slot machines buzzing atonally . 
 the banner still hung over the tables . 
 aria walked beneath it and placed her palms on the table 's surface . 
 when she ran her hand along the underside , her fingers touched cardboard . 
 she squatted down ; two cards had been taped right where the tabletop met the legs . 
 she pulled off the tape and held the cards to the light . 
 congratulations ! 
 they both read . 
 aria opened one . 
 it was , indeed , a $ 1,000 gift card to the apple store . 
 she waved it at graham . 
 `` we did it ! '' 
 graham threw his fist in the air . 
 then he scooped aria up and swung her around . 
 she giggled , but did n't squeeze him too hard , not wanting to give him the wrong idea . 
 when graham pulled back , his cheeks were a delighted pink . 
 `` we should celebrate , do n't you think ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how about lunch at that restaurant on the upper deck ? '' 
 `` well ... '' aria 's mouth wobbled . 
 she wanted to tell him that he should do something with tori instead . 
 she also wanted to see noel . 
 but graham seemed so happy . 
 and they had just won . 
 `` i 'm in , '' she decided , grabbing one of the gift cards from his hand . 
 `` just let me freshen up . '' 
 an hour later , aria climbed up a spiral staircase to galileo 's , a little restaurant on a small landing atop the main deck . 
 twinkling fairy lights were strung around the railing and threaded through potted ficus trees . 
 kids were sitting at tables , a jazz band was tuning up in the corner , and the walls were plastered with posters advertising the talent show . 
 first prize : vespa ! 
 they all proclaimed . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 graham appeared behind her , dressed in a blue button-down and a clean pair of jeans . 
 his hair was neatly combed , he 'd shaved , and she could smell his woodsy cologne from here . 
 when he saw her , his face twitched nervously . 
 `` you look nice . '' 
 `` oh , i wear this old thing all the time , '' aria said , waving her hand at her blue maxi-dress and espadrilles . 
 graham walked to the bar and ordered them two ginger ales , then led her to a high table by the railing . 
 once they sat down , a sly look came over his face , and he produced a flask from his back pocket and shook it . 
 liquid sloshed inside . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 aria whispered . 
 `` something to help us celebrate , '' graham said , then paused . 
 `` is that okay ? '' 
 aria must have had a strange look on her face ; she was surprised graham drank . 
 he 'd been so adamant about the cliffs serving alcohol to minors on the tabitha clark memorial website , after all . 
 `` i guess i could have a little , '' she said after a moment , and allowed graham to pour the pungent liquid into her glass . 
 when she took a sip , she nearly coughed . 
 `` yikes . '' 
 it had to be about 150 proof . 
 graham downed his drink quickly . 
 `` i need this right now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 aria pushed her glass away . 
 `` i thought you 'd feel pretty relaxed now that we 've won . '' 
 then she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` is it because you 're nervous about your talent show performance ? 
 playing a death cab song on the lute sounds awesome to me . '' 
 `` it 's not that , '' graham mumbled . 
 `` tori 's going to be so into it , '' aria gushed . 
 `` speaking of which , spill it . 
 how did the date really go ? '' 
 graham shrugged one shoulder . 
 `` i told you . 
 it was fine . 
 we hit the restaurant on the main deck . 
 she got sushi , i had a turkey burger . '' 
 aria blinked . 
 listing the food one had eaten on a date was n't a particularly good sign . 
 `` did you have a lot to talk about ? '' 
 `` i guess . '' 
 graham tore the napkin that had come with his ginger ale to shreds . 
 `` to be honest , i 'm not really sure i 'm into tori , after all . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 aria cried . 
 `` she seemed perfect for you ! 
 and i 'm positive she was interested . '' 
 she sat back in her chair . 
 `` are you scared to let yourself like someone else because of tabitha ? '' 
 `` i 'm definitely not scared . 
 she just was n't for me . '' 
 graham picked up his glass and drained the rest of the drink . 
 ice cubes rattled at the bottom of the empty glass . 
 when he set it back down , he gave her a long , piercing look that aria did n't understand . 
 `` there 's something i need to tell you . 
 something i 've been trying to muster up the courage to say all day . '' 
 aria cocked her head . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 graham continued to stare . 
 and then , suddenly , puzzle pieces snapped together in aria 's head . 
 he likes you , noel had said . 
 a dude can tell . 
 you might be leading him on and not even know it . 
 she swung her hands to the right , almost knocking over her glass . 
 `` um , you do n't need to tell me anything , '' she said , trying to keep her tone light . 
 `` no , i really need to - '' `` we should just have fun tonight , '' aria interrupted , reaching for her drink-all of a sudden , alcohol sounded like a great idea . 
 `` celebrate our win . '' 
 `` but ... '' graham trailed off abruptly , his eyes widening as he stared at something on aria 's chest . 
 she looked down , wishing she 'd chosen a dress that did n't show so much cl ** vage . 
 `` is n't the sea rocky tonight ? '' 
 she asked loudly , gesturing over the rail . 
 but graham did n't take the bait . 
 he pointed at the locket around her neck . 
 `` where did you get that ? '' 
 aria touched it self-consciously . 
 `` my boyfriend gave it to me . '' 
 graham 's hand shot forward . 
 he grabbed the necklace and yanked it closer . 
 the chain pressed against the back of aria 's neck , forcing her forward . 
 his lips were inches from hers . 
 aria cried out , turned her head so that he could n't kiss her , then wrenched away from him so forcefully that she nearly toppled her barstool . 
 when she righted herself , graham was just staring at her again , not apologizing for what he 'd done . 
 aria grabbed her purse , avoiding eye contact . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 graham stood too . 
 `` aria , wait . '' 
 `` do n't . '' 
 her head started to pound . 
 suddenly , everything felt so sour and sullied . 
 `` i 'll talk to you later , okay ? '' 
 she tried to wheel around , but graham caught her arm . 
 she cried out again . 
 when she looked at his face , it was grave , almost angry . 
 `` but i have something to tell you , '' he demanded . 
 `` you 're hurting me , '' aria said shakily , staring down at his nails in her arm . 
 her heart thundered in her chest . 
 graham released his grip , suddenly looking horrified . 
 she shot away fast , diving for the spiral staircase and clomping down as fast as her high shoes could carry her . 
 `` aria ! '' 
 graham called after her , but she did n't stop . 
 only when she got to the bottom did she peer up the stairwell . 
 graham stood at the top , looking flummoxed . 
 his eyes were wide and sad , the corners of his mouth turned down in a frown . 
 she skittered away and felt guilt wash over her . 
 had she led graham on ? 
 was he crushed now ? 
 how had this gone so horribly wrong ? 
 the elevator could n't come fast enough . 
 she hit the button again and again , afraid graham might decide to come and talk to her . 
 then a tinkling sound of piano keys sounded behind her . 
 there was a baby grand piano in the waiting area , and someone was pressing a high note over and over again . 
 it sounded like the soundtrack to psycho . 
 she turned around , ready to tell whoever it was to stop it , but there was no one at the bench . 
 she blinked hard around the empty room-had she heard the sound at all ? 
 but no , the sound of a just-plucked piano string echoed in the air . 
 someone had been playing the piano . 
 and she knew , immediately , who it had been . 
 24 something 's missing `` welcome to bermuda ! '' 
 jeremy 's voice chirped over the speakers that afternoon . 
 the opening bars of `` over the rainbow '' played . 
 instead of rushing to the railing and waving at everyone on the dock , as hanna had done every other time they arrived at an island , she remained parked behind a stack of books in the lending library , her gaze trained on her stateroom door down the hall . 
 `` how long are you going to sit like that ? '' 
 mike asked , propping his feet up on the oak desk next to her and rifling through an old sports illustrated swimsuit issue . 
 `` i already told you , '' hanna said under her breath . 
 `` i 'm waiting until naomi leaves . '' 
 mike peeked over the centerfold . 
 `` you seriously ca n't deal with seeing naomi for even one second ? 
 are you scared of her ? '' 
 hanna glared at him . 
 `` you can leave at any time , you know . '' 
 when mike had asked her what she was up to that morning , hanna said she wanted to check out the library on her floor . 
 mike had offered to come with her , but after a half hour of watching hanna stake out her room and not leaf through a single book , he 'd caught on to what she was really doing . 
 `` i still think mud-wrestling is the way to go , '' mike said , turning back a page to look again at a supermodel in a high-cut string bikini . 
 `` thanks for the suggestion , '' hanna said . 
 `` i just do n't really want a confrontation . 
 she caught me looking at her computer , and she 's pissed . 
 i want to go back into the room when she 's not around , that 's all . '' 
 it was almost the truth . 
 hanna did n't feel it necessary to add that she wanted to go back into the room so that she could look at naomi 's computer again . 
 or that naomi was probably extra-pissed at hanna because she 'd ditched out on her without an explanation . 
 `` you were going through her stuff ? '' 
 mike said . 
 `` what 's gotten into you ? 
 first you stalk colleen , now it 's naomi ... '' `` would you stop asking questions ? '' 
 hanna hissed , feeling more and more exasperated . 
 mike laid down the magazine . 
 `` god , fine . '' 
 he stood up and stretched . 
 `` i 'm going to find noel so we can run through our talent show song one more time . 
 call me when you 're done playing stake-out . '' 
 as he stormed off , the door to her stateroom opened , and naomi sauntered out , dressed in a white eyelet dress and blue sandals . 
 several chunky bangles lined her wrists , and she carried a small red leather bag under her arm . 
 hanna held her breath as naomi walked by the library , praying she would n't stop inside . 
 she did n't . 
 as soon as naomi stepped into the elevator , hanna crept down the hall toward their room . 
 when she was almost there , a figure passed through the intersecting hallway , and she froze . 
 it was jeremy . 
 his fingers were entwined behind his back , and he was whistling `` yankee doodle dandy . '' 
 she leaned against the wall , her confidence shaken . 
 as the elevator dinged , a horrible thought struck her . 
 what if naomi forgot something and came back ? 
 she scuttled back to the library and dialed spencer . 
 `` it 's hanna , '' she whispered when she answered . 
 `` i 'm right outside my room , and i want to look at naomi 's computer , but i do n't want to get caught . 
 can you be a lookout ? '' 
 spencer groaned warily . 
 `` i do n't want to piss her off even more . '' 
 hanna glanced at the elevator again . 
 hopefully naomi had n't just taken a quick jaunt down to the gift shop . 
 `` please , spence ? 
 it 'll take five minutes . 
 we need to nail her . '' 
 spencer let out a long sigh , then hung up the phone with a clunk . 
 in less than a minute , the elevator chimed , and she limped out . 
 her face was pale , and one side of her hair was matted . 
 spencer caught hanna looking and said , `` there was gum in my hair . 
 it was a bitch to get out . '' 
 then she gestured down the hall . 
 `` let 's make this quick . '' 
 hanna let herself into her room . 
 inside , naomi 's bed was neatly made , her clothes folded on the bureau . 
 hanna looked right and left , and finally spied the laptop underneath naomi 's desk . 
 her heart did a flip as she lifted the cover . 
 she found naomi 's photo folder quickly and opened it . 
 her gaze went immediately to a folder titled vacay . 
 she opened it up , then clicked on the first icon . 
 the same photo that had been on aria 's phone appeared . 
 it had almost been too easy . 
 `` oh my god , '' hanna whispered . 
 `` here they are . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 spencer ran from the doorway and peered at the screen . 
 `` jesus . 
 delete them ! '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 hanna highlighted the images and dragged them into the trash . 
 `` go back to the door and make sure she is n't coming ! '' 
 she instructed . 
 spencer did as she was told , though after a few seconds she 'd wandered away again . 
 she poked her head into hanna 's bathroom . 
 `` hey , your shower 's nicer than mine . '' 
 `` how do you think naomi got those pictures , anyway ? '' 
 hanna murmured , answering yes to a prompt that asked if she was sure she wanted to delete the photos . 
 `` i thought we covered this . 
 the second a must have sent them to her . '' 
 `` do you understand the implications of a second a ? '' 
 hanna wished the photos would delete a little quicker . 
 `` it means someone else hates us , too . 
 it also means someone else has these photos . 
 that 's the person who saw what happened in jamaica . '' 
 `` i know , '' spencer said gravely . 
 `` who do you think it could be ? '' 
 `` hanna , if i knew , maybe we would n't be in this mess ! '' 
 spencer sounded exasperated . 
 hanna did n't know either , but the possibility of a second a was really starting to sink in , and it was terrifying . 
 even if they took naomi down and found proof that she was gayle 's murderer , they would n't be safe . 
 this alleged second a could still nail them for everything . 
 finally , a message popped up saying that the photos had been removed . 
 phew . 
 `` holy shit , '' spencer cried . 
 she emerged from the bathroom carrying a bottle of baby oil , ex-lax tablets , and a large package of bubble gum . 
 `` look at what i found in naomi 's bag ! '' 
 `` do n't mess with her stuff ! '' 
 hanna hissed , jumping up . 
 `` do n't you see ? '' 
 spencer waved the bottles around . 
 `` this proves without a doubt that she 's the one who 's torturing me ! 
 she used the ex-lax to make me think i had food poisoning . 
 she spilled the baby oil so i 'd slip . 
 and she put this '' - she held up the gum - `` in my hair ! '' 
 `` spence , i need you at the door ! '' 
 hanna guided her down the little hall . 
 then she shoved naomi 's stuff back into the bathroom and turned back to the computer . 
 now that she 'd deleted those photos , she needed to find something incriminating about naomi that would connect her to gayle . 
 an e-mail , maybe . 
 she opened her gmail account again , hoping to find a note signed a. maybe they 'd get lucky and even find something that gave away whoever it was naomi was working with . 
 but when the screen loaded , there were n't any messages in the gmail inbox at all . 
 frowning , hanna clicked on some of the other folders within the server , but they were all empty . 
 the conversation naomi had had with madison was gone , almost like it had never existed . 
 25 forget your troubles stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , breathe . 
 stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , breathe . 
 emily reached the wall , did a flip turn , and pushed off toward the other side of the pool . 
 her arms cut rhythmically through the water . 
 her legs kicked with full power . 
 halfway down the lane , she had to swim around a fun noodle , then a floating toy that looked suspiciously like a giant penis . 
 the pool technically was n't for lap swimming at that time of day-plenty of kids were milling around in the water , soaking up the bermuda sun . 
 but swimming laps was the only thing that helped emily think , and she needed to think as hard as she possibly could . 
 she had n't yet given jordan an answer about running away with her , but jeremy had just announced that they were pulling into bermuda . 
 she had to make a decision soon . 
 stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , stroke , breathe . 
 could she really leave rosewood forever ? 
 never see her family again ? 
 and was it really safe , going off with a criminal ? 
 what if someone hunted jordan down and hauled her back to the states ? 
 then what would emily do ? 
 but then she thought about thailand . 
 she 'd looked up the beaches online last night and almost swooned . 
 there were tons of posts about the country that said it was easy-going , clean , affordable , and accepting . 
 no one cares what you do here , someone had written . 
 you are free to be yourself . 
 was n't that what emily wanted ? 
 was n't that not what rosewood-or a swimming future at unc-could ever provide ? 
 she could wake up every morning next to jordan . 
 they could go shopping in the thai markets , travel to remote and amazing villages , make pilgrimages to other countries . 
 maybe she could teach english , like jordan was thinking of doing . 
 her mother 's scowling face floated into her mind , then her father 's . 
 carolyn 's appeared next followed by beth 's and jake 's . 
 going to thailand meant leaving her family behind . 
 all she wanted was for them to love her , and they could n't . 
 maybe it was a good thing to flee from the pain . 
 maybe jordan could be her family instead . 
 she swam to the end of the lane and grabbed the edge of the pool . 
 hanna was sitting in one of the lounge chairs , and emily flagged her over . 
 hanna looked pale beneath her tan . 
 emily could tell she was still upset about what she 'd found-and what she had n't found-on naomi 's computer . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 emily ran her fingers across the pool 's surface , unable to meet hanna 's eye . 
 `` what do you know about thailand ? '' 
 hanna frowned . 
 `` i 've heard it 's pretty cool , i guess . 
 why ? '' 
 emily bit her lip . 
 `` if you had the opportunity to go there , to leave all this behind , would you ? '' 
 `` sure , '' hanna said emphatically . 
 all of a sudden , emily 's mind felt as clear and cloudless as the sky . 
 she pushed out of the pool , hurried across the deck , and grabbed her towel . 
 hanna followed her . 
 `` wait . 
 what 's this all about ? 
 are you going to thailand ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' emily said quickly . 
 but her voice caught . 
 hanna frowned . 
 `` emily . 
 what are you planning ? '' 
 emily gazed at her friend for a beat . 
 all at once , emily thought of the sleepovers at ali 's house when she and hanna would be the last two girls to fall asleep . 
 `` let 's look through ali 's photo albums , '' hanna had whispered once , and they had turned the pages of the old book by nightlight . 
 `` she does n't look so great in that photo , '' hanna would say , pointing at one of ali from fourth grade or one of ali without any makeup on christmas morning . 
 even though hanna desperately sought ali 's worst shots , she seemed to understand that emily was looking through the albums to see ali at her very best , and she 'd occasionally point out one of ali looking beautiful . 
 `` she has the prettiest eyes , does n't she ? '' 
 she 'd say wistfully . 
 or , `` she looks like a model . '' 
 all for emily 's benefit . 
 her eyes brimmed with tears from the memory . 
 she 'd miss all her best friends terribly . 
 `` i 'm not planning anything , '' she said , running away before hanna could stop her . 
 off the starboard side of the ship , she could see the bermuda docks . 
 kids were already jamming the elevator area to be the first to disembark . 
 was jordan among them ? 
 would emily get to her in time ? 
 the elevators were too crowded , so emily ran down the three flights to her room in bare feet . 
 she flung open the door and looked around hopefully , but jordan was already gone . 
 frantic , she pulled a terry-cloth cover-up over her head , then grabbed her suitcase from under the bed and stuffed her things into it . 
 she slung the bag over her shoulder and scuttled out the door , joining the convoy of kids making their way off the ship . 
 she clambered down the stairs and burst through the door that led to the ramp . 
 the gangplank had been lowered , and a crowd of kids waited to disembark . 
 emily stood on her tiptoes and searched for jordan 's dark hair . 
 when she did n't see her , her heart jumped into her throat . 
 `` jordan ? '' 
 she called out . 
 `` jordan ? '' 
 what if she 'd missed her ? 
 would jordan leave without her ? 
 `` jordan ? '' 
 she cried again . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 emily swung around . 
 there , under the boat 's exit sign , was jordan , dressed in a t-shirt emily had loaned her , a pair of jeans , a baseball cap , and dark sunglasses . 
 emily 's knees went weak . 
 jordan 's mouth crumpled into a relieved , ecstatic smile . 
 emily ran into her arms . 
 `` so does this mean you 're coming ? '' 
 jordan said in emily 's ear . 
 `` i guess it does , '' emily said shakily . 
 jordan stepped back and pulled her cell phone from her bag . 
 `` this is going to be amazing , '' she said excitedly , her eyes shining . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 then she dialed a number and put her phone to her ear . 
 `` hello , jasmine ? 
 i 'd like to book an extra ticket to thailand . 
 her name is emily fields . '' 
 she spelled it slowly . 
 `` i 'll pay in cash at the airport , okay ? '' 
 emily opened her mouth , ready to say she 'd help pay , but then she realized-she did n't have that kind of money . 
 she did n't know how jordan had access to that kind of money , either , but she was n't sure she wanted to know . 
 the line for the door slowly moved up . 
 emily grabbed jordan 's hand so she would n't lose her in the crush . 
 as they got closer , emily could see the docks out the door . 
 the light was so bright , she had to shade her eyes . 
 when it was their turn , jordan started off the ramp first . 
 emily followed , her heart pounding . 
 jordan was halfway down the ramp when she stopped short . 
 emily bumped into her back . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 kids flowed around them like water moved around rocks in a stream . 
 jordan 's face had gone ghostly pale . 
 her gaze was on something out in the water . 
 emily craned her neck to see what she was looking at . 
 a speedboat was docked next to the ship . 
 a few men in serious-looking uniforms were climbing off . 
 one was speaking into a walkie-talkie . 
 the other looked like he had a gun in his holster . 
 the boat had an official-looking logo on the side . 
 federal bureau of investigation . 
 emily clapped her hand over her mouth . 
 she watched , paralyzed , as the feds charged up the dock , straight to the ship . 
 and then she heard one of them say `` katherine delong '' clearly into his walkie-talkie . 
 jordan whipped around to face her . 
 `` did you call them ? '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 emily cried , her eyes widening . 
 `` you know i would n't do that to you ! '' 
 jordan 's gaze flicked from emily to the feds and then emily once more . 
 `` i know you would n't , '' she admitted . 
 `` but ... i do n't understand . 
 you 're the only one here who knows who i am . '' 
 a cold , hard knot formed in the pit of emily 's stomach . 
 she was n't the only one . 
 someone else had known for a while now . 
 emily should have warned jordan as soon as a taunted her with that first note , but she 'd been too selfish . 
 the first fbi agent barreled quickly down the dock , his face bright red . 
 jordan grabbed emily 's hand hard . 
 `` come on , '' she said through her teeth . 
 `` we have to get away from them . '' 
 she pulled emily back into the ship and through a stairwell door . 
 they raced up the stairs , taking them two at a time . 
 at first , emily dragged her heavy bag behind her , but then she ditched it in the stairs because it was slowing her down . 
 they finally stopped at deck 5 , where the theater and a bunch of the restaurants were . 
 kids were at the buffet line and putting in their orders at the sandwich station . 
 jordan raced past them and skidded around the corner toward the state rooms . 
 something banged behind them . 
 `` stop right there ! '' 
 a voice boomed . 
 on instinct , emily froze . 
 both feds had burst through the stairwell doors and were starting for jordan . 
 the kids at the buffet paused , agape . 
 someone dropped a plate . 
 one girl even screamed . 
 emily 's legs felt glued to the floor . 
 in seconds , jordan was going to be caught . 
 she was going to be caught , too . 
 she jerked her head to the side , hating herself for even thinking it . 
 as she glanced at jordan , jordan gave her a mournful smile . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said softly . 
 `` run . 
 pretend you 've never seen me before . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 emily cried , ashamed that jordan sensed the thought that had crossed her mind . 
 `` i 'm not going to abandon you like that ! '' 
 but jordan just darted toward the ship railing . 
 `` stop right there , miss delong , '' the tall agent commanded . 
 jordan groped for the railing , her eyes hard . 
 there was something feral about her expression , like she was a cornered , wild animal looking for an escape . 
 everyone in the cafeteria stared . 
 and then , jordan hurdled herself to the top of the railing . 
 she balanced there for a moment , gazing at the lapping waves below . 
 it was then that emily realized what she was about to do . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she screamed , lunging forward . 
 but she was too late . 
 jordan 's body disappeared over the side of the ship . 
 seconds later , there was a splash . 
 everyone ran to look over the side . 
 the turquoise sea rolled against the boat . 
 huge rafts of seaweed floated on the surface . 
 please come up , please come up , emily willed , searching for jordan 's head . 
 but it did n't appear . 
 `` where 'd she go ? '' 
 someone asked beside her . 
 `` that 's a really long jump , '' another person said . 
 `` maybe she did n't make it . '' 
 the feds had already thundered back down the stairs , heading for their boat . 
 emily gripped the railing tightly , scanning the waves for jordan . 
 there was an ugly brown froth on the surface of the sea . 
 a fish jumped out of the waves . 
 but there was no sign of jordan . 
 at least a hundred kids were peering over the side to see if jordan would surface . 
 emily wanted to scream at them , make them turn away . 
 how could this have happened ? 
 who could have tipped off the police ? 
 instantly , the answer came to her . 
 she 'd be stupid to think it was anyone else . 
 as if on cue , her phone pinged . 
 emily yanked it from her purse and glared at it angrily , hating the message she knew she was going to see . 
 oops ! 
 did i go `` overboard '' by calling the authorities , em ? 
 sorry ! 
 - a 26 the bends that afternoon , despite the fact that she still had a teensy bit of gum in her hair and her ankle hurt like hell , spencer sat in a fishing boat with the other members of the dive class . 
 they had motored to a small set of naturally formed coves in an uninhabited part of the island . 
 the rocks looked slick and wet , and the empty turquoise sea spread out behind them . 
 the spot was beautiful , but it was also eerily remote . 
 tim cut the boat 's engine . 
 `` i 've saved the most picturesque dive for last . 
 the coral in this cove is amazingly preserved and in perfect health . 
 see if you can spot all the angelfish-this is where they like to hang out . 
 is everyone ready ? '' 
 everyone murmured yes , and tim led them through the meticulous checks of their gauges and tanks . 
 after he finished , tim gazed at spencer . 
 `` do you and reefer want to go down first ? '' 
 reefer . 
 spencer peeked at him across the boat . 
 reefer was sitting next to naomi , pointedly avoiding her gaze . 
 they had n't said a word to each other since spencer broke up with him . 
 she would have skipped the last dive altogether , but ditching out would mean she would n't pass the course . 
 and even though her future at princeton seemed secure , she was n't putting it past a to try and screw it up once again . 
 a-meaning naomi . 
 spencer glowered at naomi , who was possessively holding reefer 's arm . 
 happy now ? 
 she wanted to snap . 
 you got exactly what you wanted , like you always do . 
 instead , she shot tim a tight smile . 
 `` can kirsten be my partner instead ? '' 
 tim glanced at kirsten , who was sitting with her partner , a girl named jessica . 
 `` it 's cool , '' jessica said , and kirsten stood up and grabbed her swim fins . 
 `` the only thing i ask is that no one strays from the group , okay ? '' 
 tim said as he moved out of the way for the girls to climb into the water . 
 `` these currents can be very dangerous . 
 i do n't want anyone getting swept away . '' 
 a hand went up in the back . 
 `` but i heard there 's even more amazing coral a few coves over , '' a short-haired guy with a pierced eyebrow said . 
 `` can we check it out together ? '' 
 `` definitely not . '' 
 tim 's eyebrows furrowed . 
 `` the coral in those coves is really sharp-someone could hurt themselves . 
 it 's also really deep over there-not safe for novice divers . 
 stay where i can see you at all times , okay ? '' 
 spencer sighed . 
 that meant she 'd have to stay in sight of reefer and naomi , too . 
 she grabbed a dive mask from the milk crate and pulled the strap over her head . 
 then she and kirsten sat on the side of the boat , counted to three , and flipped backward into the water . 
 the water was cool on spencer 's skin , and she felt herself sinking down , down , down . 
 she opened her eyes , sucked in a breath , and looked around . 
 tropical fish darted to and fro . 
 fingerlike seaweed waved in an elegant ballet . 
 she located kirsten a few yards away and waved . 
 kirsten gestured to spencer 's tank and raised her eyebrows-as partners , they were supposed to keep an eye on each other 's gauges . 
 but spencer just shook her head-they 'd been in the water for only a few minutes . 
 there was no need to check the controls yet . 
 what she really needed was a few moments of being truly and purely alone . 
 she turned toward the cove the boy in the boat had been talking about , eager to check out the vast depths . 
 screw the rules . 
 she watched everyone else on the boat descend into the water , including naomi and reefer . 
 once tim 's back was turned , she swam gracefully away from the group , and for a few minutes , all she could hear was the sounds of her mechanized breathing . 
 bubbles floated across her field of view . 
 a school of small , neon-pink fish darted past , followed by a sinuous manta ray . 
 spencer swam even deeper until she was face-to-face with the coral . 
 unbidden , a memory popped into her head . 
 at the beginning of sixth grade , when they 'd first become friends , the hastingses and the dilaurentises both took a trip to their vacation homes in longboat key , florida , for a long weekend , and ali and spencer had taken a scuba class . 
 as they 'd walked down the dock , ali had nudged her side and pointed to an icy blonde leading the group . 
 `` for a second , i was afraid that was naomi zeigler , '' she 'd whispered . 
 `` her family has a condo here , you know . '' 
 spencer had looked at ali . 
 `` why are n't you friends with her anymore ? '' 
 `` we had a fight , '' ali answered simply , adjusting her bikini strap . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 spencer asked . 
 ali shrugged . 
 `` naomi knows what she did . '' 
 she never elaborated further . 
 now spencer understood that it had been courtney talking , a girl who 'd never known naomi . 
 there had never been a fight-naomi had never done anything . 
 or ... had she ? 
 there had been something so chilling about courtney 's voice when she spoke about naomi , a rawness not even the best actress could fake . 
 had she identified something dangerous about naomi when she 'd arrived in rosewood ? 
 was there more to the story than spencer knew ? 
 as she ran her fingers across a piece of coral , a sharp pain prodded at her skull . 
 she wheeled around , thinking something had struck her , but there was n't a person or even a fish anywhere close . 
 she blinked hard , suddenly feeling light-headed . 
 when she took a breath , her lungs did n't fill . 
 had she gone too deep ? 
 did she have the bends ? 
 she tried to breathe in again , but she could n't inhale . 
 suddenly desperate , she fiddled with her dive mask-perhaps it was n't lined up properly with her mouth . 
 but it was , and yet she still could n't draw a breath . 
 her heart began to pound . 
 she tried to swim to the surface , but her arms and legs felt like dead weights . 
 she checked her pressure gauge again , but the tank was still full . 
 that was impossible , though-she definitely was n't getting oxygen . 
 she gasped for air , an idea forming in her mind . 
 she 'd heard about this kind of thing happening . 
 people could mess with the gauges , make them appear at the right levels when in fact the tank was empty . 
 she knew that was what had happened . 
 and she knew who had done it , too . 
 a. spencer woozily glanced through the water , finding naomi within the clump of divers in the distance . 
 the baby oil and bed-breaking tricks were child 's play compared to cutting off her oxygen supply . 
 of course naomi still hated her ! 
 and to think , spencer thought she was safe just because she 'd broken up with reefer ! 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 she cried , the sound getting swallowed up in the water . 
 spots were starting to form in front of her eyes . 
 she flailed her arms and legs and weakly called out for help , but the divers were too far away to notice . 
 she kicked closer . 
 by now her lungs were burning , greedy for air . 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 she called out , waving her arms some more . 
 but all the divers ' backs were to her . 
 spencer 's eyes started to close . 
 her neck lolled back , and her body suddenly felt heavy . 
 darkness crept in , obscuring her vision . 
 her leg bumped a piece of rock , but she could n't move . 
 she had no energy to move . 
 this was the end , and she could n't even fight . 
 a warm feeling washed over her body , and she allowed herself to sink . 
 she could n't hear breathing in her ears any longer . 
 her eyes fluttered closed . 
 the last thing she saw was a light coming toward her , filling her field of vision ... then , air pushed into spencer 's lungs , and she opened her eyes with a jolt . 
 she coughed violently , and salt water spewed from her mouth and exploded from her nose , burning her nostrils . 
 she was lying on the deck of the boat again . 
 reefer crouched over her , his lips wet , a relieved look on his face . 
 `` oh my god , '' he breathed . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 spencer tried to speak , but another cough came out instead . 
 she rolled over to her side and waited for the water to drain from her ears . 
 for a split second , she thought reefer had just been kissing her , that their break-up had been a dream . 
 but then everything rushed back . 
 `` what ... happened ? '' 
 she croaked . 
 `` you just started sinking , '' reefer said . 
 `` i found you and pulled you to the surface , then gave you mouth-to-mouth . 
 tim checked your gauges-you had no oxygen left in your tank . '' 
 a chill snaked up her spine . 
 she searched the crowd of kids that had gathered on the boat and found naomi lurking at the back , her gaze bouncing from spencer to reefer . 
 her lips were pressed together so tightly they were almost transparent , and her eyes were round and wide . 
 she looked shaken-maybe because reefer was comforting spencer . 
 or maybe because her plan to hurt spencer had failed . 
 27 surprise inside a few hours later , aria glanced at herself in the full-length mirror near the auditorium . 
 she was wearing the skimpy bikini she 'd had on for her first swim lesson with noel , the grass skirt , a bunch of beaded necklaces , and her lace-up sandals . 
 as a final touch , she 'd popped a flower behind her ear . 
 she looked across the auditorium lobby . 
 a girl passed carrying a portable easel under her arm . 
 several kids held instrument cases . 
 jeremy , still in his star-shaped sunglasses , ran past them with a clipboard in hand , looking frazzled . 
 two men in suits and a woman in a ball gown , presumably the other judges , followed behind him . 
 everyone was talking excitedly , and the room had a festive , free-for-all attitude about it . 
 hundreds of balloons floated along the ceiling and hollywood walk-of-fame stars lined the ground . 
 she spied noel near one of the auditorium entrances and almost burst out laughing . 
 he was wearing a baggy , shiny tracksuit and a bunch of gold chains around his neck . 
 she ran over to him . 
 `` you look more like a gym teacher than a rapper ! '' 
 noel twisted the baseball cap he had on his head sideways and crossed his arms over his chest , gangsta-style . 
 `` you just wait until you hear my rhymes . 
 mike and i are so ready for this . '' 
 `` when are you on ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` seven-thirty . 
 you ? '' 
 aria checked her phone ; she and everyone else participating in the talent show had been sent a schedule of events . 
 `` seven , '' she said . 
 `` i think we 're one of the first acts . '' 
 it was six-thirty . 
 noel looped his arm in her elbow . 
 `` let 's check out the food . '' 
 they walked into the auditorium and down the aisles to the stage area , where a bar and food tables had been set up . 
 several rows of chairs had been removed to make room for a makeshift dance floor . 
 as they maneuvered past a group of girls practicing a series of cheerleading tumbling passes , aria punched emily 's number into her phone once more . 
 voicemail again . 
 this was the third time she 'd tried emily in the last few hours . 
 she thought about the news alert on the tv screen when she 'd left her room . 
 preppy thief jumps off cruise ship in bermuda , it had said . 
 fbi agents combing harbor . 
 it certainly explained all the fbi ships in the harbor the last time aria had looked out the porthole . 
 apparently , the girl had n't gotten off the boat at the last port , as emily had said . 
 there was a beep , and then aria said , `` em , i 'm at the talent show . 
 i hope everything 's okay and you 're still up to performing . 
 call me when you get this . '' 
 she dropped her phone back into her clutch , then scanned the masses of kids running in every direction . 
 spencer was missing , too , as was hanna . 
 noel grabbed an empty plate and waited in line at a table filled with silver tureens full of food . 
 `` so where 's graham ? '' 
 aria looked away , feeling a sharp pull in her stomach . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 noel raised his eyebrows . 
 `` i thought you guys were best buds . '' 
 aria fingered her grass skirt . 
 `` the hunt is over . 
 i guess we did n't have as much in common as we thought . '' 
 `` did you get him that girlfriend like you promised ? '' 
 she kept her eyes fixed on the tray of shiny forks and spoons on the table . 
 `` turns out she was n't his type . '' 
 she could feel noel 's gaze on her , trying to figure out what she was n't telling him . 
 she probably should tell him the truth-it was part of their pact , after all-but if he found out the guy had practically grabbed her boobs , he 'd probably bust his door down and try to beat him up . 
 it was better that he thought graham had just lost interest . 
 if only that really was what happened . 
 the muscles in her neck ached from when graham had yanked her forward . 
 his furious expression flashed in her mind again and again , and her stomach clenched when she thought about how he 'd chased her to the stairs . 
 `` hey , party people ! '' 
 jeremy called from the stage . 
 shabby-looking guys in roadie t-shirts and ripped jeans scuttled behind him , setting up equipment . 
 `` i realize we 're still setting up , but to get you in the mood , i have a huge surprise for you . 
 a special guest has joined us to perform a few songs as a pre-show event . 
 without further ado , put your hands together for ... vegan sunrise ! '' 
 aria looked at noel questioningly ; she 'd never heard of them . 
 kids clapped halfheartedly , looking just as confused . 
 but when four band members took the stage and started playing a guitar-heavy cover of `` when i come around , '' everyone shrugged and started dancing . 
 the food line moved , and aria and noel filled their plates . 
 she checked her phone a few more times , but still no emily or spencer . 
 the crowd got more raucous and excited , and a girl 's elbow flew out of nowhere , knocking aria 's plate from her hands . 
 she twisted to grab it , but her ankle turned awkwardly , and down she went , too . 
 she felt herself falling but could n't do anything about it ; in seconds , she was on the floor , vegetarian noodles in her hair . 
 a ping sounded in her ear . 
 at first , she thought it was the fork bouncing off the ground , but when she picked herself up , she realized that it was her locket . 
 its two halves had sprung open from the fall . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 noel asked , extending his arm to help aria up . 
 `` sure , '' aria said , picking up her spilled food as best she could and tossing it into a nearby trash can . 
 then she turned back to the locket . 
 inside was a picture of two blond , smiling girls , their cheeks pressed together . 
 as she squinted , she slowly realized that she knew the girls . 
 the one on the right had a round face , big blue eyes , and faint burn scars on her neck . 
 tabitha . 
 then she looked at the girl on the left . 
 her eyes slowly scanned her familiar heart-shaped face , her big blue eyes . 
 she drew back , startled . 
 no . 
 it could n't be . 
 she held the locket away from her face , but the girl 's eyes seemed to follow her . 
 she had a manipulative , winning smile that had entranced aria for years . 
 a scream froze in aria 's throat . 
 all of a sudden , she could n't breathe . 
 ali . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 aria looked up and blinked . 
 noel was staring at her from a few feet away . 
 she gave him a tight , nervous smile and shut the locket fast . 
 the catch had broken , though , and the locket sprung right back open . 
 she stared at the picture once more . 
 it could n't be . 
 surely her brain was playing tricks on her . 
 she tried to close it again , then peered carefully at the front of the pendant . 
 in the strong overhead stage lights , the initial inscribed into the silver was n't an i or a j . 
 it was a t. for tabitha ? 
 something suddenly clicked in her brain . 
 heart thudding , she grabbed her phone , pulled up the tabitha clark memorial website , and stared hard at the picture of the girl on the home page . 
 that was where she had seen this necklace before . 
 on tabitha , before she died . 
 she held up the necklace . 
 `` w-where did you really find this ? '' 
 noel looked confused . 
 `` i told you . 
 it was in the sand in st. martin . 
 why ? '' 
 aria 's thoughts scattered in a million different directions . 
 `` that 's impossible , '' she whispered . 
 it could n't be a coincidence . 
 had a planted it for noel to find ? 
 and then there was the picture-tabitha and ali had been friends . 
 she took a step , but her legs felt wobbly . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 noel touched her arm . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i just have to ... , '' she said faintly . 
 she staggered toward the exit . 
 her phone beeped . 
 it was graham . 
 panicked , aria hit ignore , then dialed spencer 's number . 
 but the call went to voicemail . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 aria demanded after the beep . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 but she was afraid to say anything over the phone , so she hung up and kept running . 
 she called emily next , but she did n't answer either . 
 same with hanna . 
 she ran up the aisle and sprinted to the elevator , pressing the up button repeatedly . 
 `` aria ? '' 
 aria turned . 
 graham was standing by the window , staring at her . 
 `` you walked right past me , '' he said , looking annoyed . 
 `` why did n't you answer my call ? 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` i ... '' aria trailed off , her gaze dropping to the locket in her hands . 
 graham was looking at it , too . 
 his eyebrows met . 
 his mouth grew very small , and all of a sudden , he reached out and touched her wrist . 
 she gasped and closed her fist around it , but it was too late . 
 of course graham recognized his girlfriend 's old necklace . 
 he 'd probably recognized it from earlier . 
 `` i-i can explain , '' aria stammered . 
 graham blinked hard . 
 `` you can ? '' 
 his cheeks were red . 
 his eyes blazed . 
 all at once , another barrel clicked in her brain , and a horrible thought bulldozed all others . 
 he knows what i did . 
 it made perfect sense . 
 graham had n't wanted to talk to her about his burgeoning crush : he wanted to confront aria about being a murderer . 
 she spun around , searching frantically for somewhere to go . 
 the red exit sign for the stairs glowed in the distance . 
 `` aria ! '' 
 graham yelled , lurching after her . 
 he grabbed her arm and clamped down hard . 
 his fingers felt like hot irons on aria 's skin . 
 she screamed and wrenched away from him , pushing through the heavy door and heading down . 
 she 'd never gone below the auditorium level and did n't know what was there . 
 up ahead was a door marked do not enter . 
 graham 's footsteps echoed on the landing below . 
 `` aria , come back here ! '' 
 he roared . 
 she burst through the door anyway and spilled into a large , empty room full of ship machinery . 
 boilers chugged . 
 air-conditioning units hummed . 
 other utility devices rattled and churned . 
 the space was lit by a few spare overhead lights and split into several long , mazelike corridors . 
 there was n't a soul around . 
 behind her , the door opened . 
 `` aria ! '' 
 graham called out , his voice reverberating . 
 aria skidded behind a boiler , but graham spied her and started running , his face red , his nostrils flaring , his teeth bared . 
 she wheeled around , desperately searching for someone to help her , but she was alone . 
 then she scrambled for somewhere to go , somewhere to hide . 
 there was another door past the boilers marked staff only . 
 she ran for it and pushed it open . 
 this room was filled with pipes and monitors and more boilers . 
 the grumbling sound was almost deafening , reminding her of a revved motorcycle engine . 
 the doorknob rattled , and aria rushed to turn the lock , then threw her weight against it . 
 frightened tears ran down her cheeks . 
 `` damn it , aria , you ca n't hide forever ! '' 
 graham pounded on the door . 
 `` please , '' aria whimpered . 
 `` just go away . 
 please . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving until - '' an engine sputtered . 
 he tried to scream over the machinery sounds . 
 `` i need to-i need ... '' `` just leave me alone ! '' 
 aria sobbed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , okay ? 
 i 'm so sorry ! 
 i did n't mean to do it to her ! 
 i was just so scared ! 
 we all were ! '' 
 `` you ca n't ... i ... he ... and ... '' graham 's angry voice rose and fell . 
 aria could only make out every other word . '' 
 ... watching you ! '' 
 `` please go away ! '' 
 aria screamed . 
 `` i said i was sorry ! 
 please let me go ! '' '' 
 ... there 's a picture ! '' 
 graham continued . '' 
 ... watching you ! '' 
 aria blood sizzled . 
 he had to be referencing the awful photo of aria pushing tabitha off the roof . 
 maybe he had taken that photo . 
 maybe that 's what he meant by watching you . 
 thoughts cascaded in her mind like a falling line of dominoes . 
 what if graham was crazy about tabitha and had n't let her go after they broke up ? 
 maybe he 'd followed her to jamaica to rekindle things . 
 maybe he 'd taken pictures of her without her knowing , and had posed on the shore to take pictures of tabitha on the crow 's - nest deck . 
 only , instead of documenting tabitha with some new friends , he had witnessed a murder . 
 maybe he 'd snapped a picture of her lying on the beach , too , after she 'd fallen and died . 
 maybe he 'd even torn this necklace from her throat and planted it for noel to find . 
 it did n't make sense why graham did n't tell someone at the resort right away , but maybe he 'd wanted to get revenge his way . 
 and so ... he 'd become a. aria began to tremble . 
 was it possible ? 
 all the warnings her friends had given her , all the times they 'd said he had motive , and there she was , by his side , making excuses for him . 
 he did have motive . 
 he could have gotten in touch with naomi , somehow , after the crash , and recruited her onto his team . 
 he could be a murderer . 
 a torturer . 
 and now she was trapped in this room with him on the other side . 
 the door thumped and thudded with graham 's pounding fists and kicking feet . 
 when aria shut her eyes , she saw tabitha 's terrified face as she fell . 
 she pictured her broken body on the sand , kissed by the incoming tide . 
 aria was a terrible person . 
 she deserved graham to be mad at her . 
 but she did n't deserve what he 'd done as a. boom . 
 aria screamed and covered her head . 
 the sound was so close , and the room vibrated . 
 the lights flickered overhead , and the sound of metal hitting the ground clanged all around her . 
 she let out a breath and peeked through her fingers . 
 had something exploded ? 
 there was as horrible smell in the air of gunpowder and charred electronics . 
 it sort of reminded her of a firework . 
 or , perhaps , a homemade bomb . 
 a fire alarm started to blare . 
 `` everyone ! '' 
 jeremy 's voice crackled over the loudspeaker after about a minute . 
 `` we need you to evacuate right now ! 
 please go to your lifeboat stations in an orderly fashion ! '' 
 evacuate ? 
 aria 's heart started to pound . 
 she was n't even opening the door . 
 she cocked her ear , waiting for graham to start pounding again . 
 a few seconds passed , and then a minute . 
 finally , aria opened the door a crack . 
 emergency lights flashed overhead . 
 the room was thick with smoke . 
 a boiler had tipped over . 
 pieces of metal were strewn all over the floor . 
 black smoke was pouring out from seemingly everywhere , and flames leapt to the ceiling . 
 the explosion had definitely occurred right there in that room . 
 she let out a scream , then wrenched open the door . 
 she had to get out of there . 
 she looked around for graham , expecting him to grab her . 
 but even through the haze , the realization dawned on her fast . 
 graham was gone . 
 28 women and children first emily followed the stream of kids toward the stairs , her nostrils burning with smoke . 
 above her , emergency lights flashed . 
 kids were screaming about the strange explosion , laughing hysterically , or making nervous comparisons to titanic . 
 and even though they 'd attended a safety meeting the very first day on the boat , no one seemed to remember where their lifeboat stations were . 
 `` everyone ! '' 
 jeremy yelled over the loudspeaker . 
 `` if we get separated , please remember to meet us at the royal arms hotel in hamilton , bermuda . '' 
 jeremy repeated the message three times more . 
 as emily waited to go down the stairs , she glanced at the sky . 
 a plane zoomed overhead , coming from the bermuda airport , which was now a ten-minute boat trip away . 
 was it the plane she and jordan were supposed to be on ? 
 she pictured the people sitting in their seats , the stewardesses cruising up the aisles , the smell of fresh-brewed coffee wafting through the cabin-and the two unoccupied seats meant for her and jordan . 
 the line moved up a little , and a few more kids made it through the stairwell door . 
 a girl in front of emily with cornrows in her hair nudged her friend . 
 `` i heard terrorists blew up the cafeteria . '' 
 `` no , these two guys who were in the talent show did it , '' her friend replied knowingly . 
 `` they knew their act sucked , so they decided to bomb the place and steal the vespa . '' 
 `` you 're making that up . '' 
 cornrows rolled her eyes . 
 `` maybe it was that girl who jumped overboard earlier , '' another voice said . 
 `` maybe this was revenge for whoever ratted her out to the feds . '' 
 `` that 's crazy . '' 
 someone sounded annoyed . 
 `` that girl never came up for air . 
 she 's dead . '' 
 `` can you believe she was on this ship the whole time ? 
 who do you think turned her in ? '' 
 stop talking about her ! 
 emily wanted to scream . 
 it was like jordan was an infamous celebrity , someone weird and unknowable . 
 she likes a lot of milk in her coffee , she thought . 
 she 's fearless . 
 she 's the most amazing girl i 've ever met . 
 she shut her eyes and considered jordan 's body sinking down , down , down , to the depths of the bay , just like tabitha 's had . 
 she wanted to strangle a with her bare hands . 
 why could n't a have just let them go ? 
 why did a have to ruin every . 
 single . 
 thing ? 
 she felt a hand on her shoulder . 
 aria was on the stairs behind her , dressed in a bikini and her grass hula skirt and drenched in sweat . 
 hanna and spencer were there , too , dressed normally but looking hysterical . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 emily asked . 
 aria glanced back and forth at all the kids on the stairs , then dragged emily onto the landing , which was cool , dark , and empty . 
 kids swarmed past , but no one seemed to notice they were there . 
 `` look . '' 
 aria fished the round gold locket she 'd been wearing all week out of her pocket and dangled it under emily 's nose . 
 the two halves of the pendant splayed open . 
 emily squinted at the two girls in the picture inside . 
 one of the girls was ali . 
 when she realized who the other one was , she stepped away , confused . 
 `` is that tabitha ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` this was her necklace , '' aria said . 
 `` noel found it on the beach , but i checked the pictures of tabitha online , and it was definitely hers . '' 
 spencer shook her head , stunned . 
 `` i bet naomi planted it for noel to find and give to aria . '' 
 `` or maybe graham did , '' aria said , still breathing hard . 
 she looked like she was about to burst into tears . 
 `` i was wrong about him , guys . 
 he stared right at the necklace like he knew what it was , and then gave me this look like he knew everything i 'd done . 
 i ran from him and shut myself in the boiler room , but he screamed at me through the door . 
 i screamed out an apology for what we did to tabitha , but it did n't make him stop . 
 he said he was watching me , and he mentioned a picture . 
 i think he was the one who set off the bomb , too . 
 he mentioned gunpowder once when we were talking-he would have known how to make an explosion . '' 
 spencer clapped a hand over her mouth . 
 `` you could have been killed ! '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 aria swallowed hard . 
 emily trembled . 
 `` what picture do you think he was talking about ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' aria said . 
 `` maybe the one of tabitha on the beach . 
 i think he 's the one working with naomi . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 spencer sank onto a stair , looking woozy . 
 `` but why would naomi-or graham , or whoever-plant that necklace for noel to give to aria ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 `` it proves we killed tabitha , '' spencer said , leaning closer so that a bunch of boys clamoring down the stairs would n't hear . 
 `` it connects us to her and that night . 
 a is trying to build an airtight case . '' 
 emily wilted against the wall . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 why would a need to build even more of a case on us ? 
 a-both of them-have the pictures . 
 one of the as saw us . 
 and we did do it . 
 why does a need to gather extra evidence ? '' 
 spencer shrugged , the emergency light flashing red across her face . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but the fbi is nearby , looking for that girl who jumped overboard . '' 
 she glanced at emily when she said this , then looked away . 
 `` this would be a perfect time to tell . 
 we could be arrested within hours , especially if we have this necklace on us . '' 
 hanna looked at aria . 
 `` where is graham now ? '' 
 aria tapped her nails against the railing . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 he disappeared after the explosion . '' 
 spencer frowned . 
 `` that 's strange , do n't you think ? '' 
 aria shrugged . 
 `` i 'm glad he 's gone . 
 i was afraid he was going to jump out and hurt me . '' 
 `` that would make the most sense , do n't you think ? '' 
 spencer hugged her knees . 
 `` i mean , i 'm glad you 're safe , but why was n't he waiting for you after the bomb went off ? 
 why did he leave ? '' 
 emily thought for a moment , absently watching as more kids streamed down the stairs . 
 `` maybe he miscalculated where he set off the bomb , and he had to run from it so he did n't get hurt himself . '' 
 `` or what if graham was n't sure it was us on the roof that night ? '' 
 hanna asked , pausing to cough . 
 `` even those pictures of us are pretty blurry . 
 but maybe when you ran from him , aria , he got his proof . 
 maybe he and naomi are going to tell the cops . '' 
 spencer used the railing to hoist herself to standing . 
 `` the necklace will definitely connect us to the crime . 
 the cops will think we tore it off tabitha that night . '' 
 hanna nodded . 
 `` we have to ditch this necklace now . 
 we do n't need anything connecting us to tabitha-especially with the fbi here . '' 
 `` you should have gotten rid of it as soon as you realized what it was , '' emily said to aria . 
 `` why did n't you throw it overboard ? '' 
 aria looked dazed . 
 the fluorescent light in the stairwell made her already-pale skin look even ghostlier . 
 `` i was n't exactly thinking clearly . '' 
 `` it 's good you did n't throw it overboard , '' hanna said forcefully . 
 `` there are a zillion cops dredging the harbor . 
 one of them could have found it . 
 all sorts of people saw you wearing it , aria-they 'd connect it to you in a heartbeat , and then a would make sure that they linked it to tabitha , too . 
 we need to throw this thing away for good so that it does n't come back to haunt us . 
 we should weigh it down with something so that no one ever finds it . '' 
 there was a screech of feedback through the speakers , and the girls looked up . 
 jeremy breathed into the microphone . 
 `` once again , that 's the royal arms hotel . 
 we 're sending an e-mail out to everyone in case you forget . '' 
 `` i have an idea , '' spencer said after the announcement clicked off . 
 `` there 's a diving cove not far from here-my diving group went out near it this afternoon . 
 apparently it 's really deep . 
 what if we took one of the life rafts and headed for it ? 
 we could swim to the bottom and bury the necklace under the coral . '' 
 emily 's eyes widened . 
 `` but we 're not all assigned to the same life raft . 
 and usually there are more than just four people to a raft , right ? 
 what if we jeopardize someone 's safety ? '' 
 spencer shrugged . 
 `` have you seen how many life rafts there are on this ship ? 
 there are enough to go around . '' 
 `` actually , it 's true , '' hanna said thoughtfully . 
 `` some of the data-entry i dealt with in the admin office mentioned this ship 's capacity and how many kids were on it now . 
 it might seem like there are a million of us on board , but they usually cram about a hundred more people on this boat for normal cruises . '' 
 aria swallowed hard . 
 `` spencer , i do n't know how to swim . '' 
 `` i do , '' spencer reminded her . 
 `` i 'm scuba-certified . 
 i 'll bury it . 
 you do n't even have to get off the raft . '' 
 `` what about when we 're done ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` we 'll be out in the middle of the ocean . 
 how will we find the others ? '' 
 spencer did n't look worried . 
 `` you heard the announcements-we 're meeting up at the royal arms hotel in hamilton . 
 we 'll be able to get there . '' 
 hanna picked at the flaky paint on the wall . 
 `` it might be dangerous to take a boat out alone , especially to somewhere so secluded . '' 
 spencer waved the thought away . 
 `` i 've been to bermuda six times with my family . 
 i know these waters . '' 
 `` i 'm in , '' emily decided . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 `` i 'll do it , '' aria agreed finally . 
 everyone looked at hanna , and she reluctantly shrugged . 
 they rejoined the masses of kids heading to the bottom deck , stopping at the scuba storage closet to grab a mask , a tank , and swim fins . 
 the doors to the lifeboats had been thrown open , and the blue-black ocean and a brilliant sunset splayed out before them . 
 everyone was haphazardly climbing aboard the lifeboats , seemingly not paying much attention to their assignments . 
 friends sat with friends . 
 couples huddled together . 
 kids were still holding drinks from the talent show pre-party . 
 most were still dressed in their performance outfits , including aria . 
 `` come on , '' spencer said , pointing to an empty lifeboat at the end of the corridor . 
 everyone ran for it , and they climbed aboard while the ship safety staff members were busy loading up the other boats . 
 emily held onto the boat 's rubber sides and stared at the choppy harbor in front of her . 
 the shore looked miles away . 
 an fbi boat bobbed in the waves to her left , sending a fizz through her stomach . 
 everyone strapped on life vests , which smelled faintly of mildew . 
 when they 'd safely nestled into the seats , spencer pulled the chain to start the outboard motor . 
 then , a hand grabbed emily 's arm . 
 `` room for one more ? '' 
 emily turned and swallowed a gasp . 
 on the ship 's deck , staring at her , was naomi . 
 `` um ... , '' she squeaked , not moving over . 
 naomi 's gaze darted from emily to spencer to aria to hanna . 
 all of them looked just as shocked . 
 the corners of her mouth turned down in a disgruntled frown . 
 `` can i join you or not ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 `` sorry , naomi . 
 there 's no room . '' 
 hanna gripped spencer 's arm . 
 `` go ! '' 
 spencer hit the gas and pulled away from the deck , nearly yanking naomi into the water . 
 emily rubbed the spot on her arm that naomi had touched . 
 her skin prickled . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 naomi called after them . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` do n't answer her , '' hanna said under her breath . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 naomi called again , watching as spencer turned the boat away from the shore . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 that 's the wrong way ! '' 
 aria whimpered . 
 hanna looked like she was going to throw up . 
 emily 's heart thrummed jackrabbit-fast . 
 spencer 's jaw was set and hard as she steered toward the cove . 
 in a minute , they had pulled so far away that they had a panoramic view of the entire ship . 
 tiny lifeboats peeled away from the hull . 
 an alarm light blared on the top deck . 
 black smoke poured from the windows . 
 and then , emily 's gaze returned to deck where the staff was organizing the remaining lifeboats . 
 naomi was still standing there , hands on hips , glaring . 
 emily watched her rigid figure until she got smaller and smaller , fainter and fainter , until she finally vanished into the growing darkness . 
 29 s.o.s. . 
 it took about twenty minutes to get to the dive spot that spencer 's group had been to that afternon . 
 the sun had almost set ; the last remaining light danced across the sky in purple streaks . 
 spencer turned the boat toward a section of coast that was marred by huge rock formations , natural cliffs , and small caves . 
 jagged coral jutted everywhere . 
 water lapped against slick , high , algae-covered rocks . 
 the cave they were closest to was deep and black , looking like a scary , angry mouth . 
 spencer cut the engine , then strapped on the oxygen tank and flippers , feeling a little uneasy about using the scuba equipment after almost drowning . 
 but she 'd checked the gauges three times , and there was no way naomi could have fiddled with them before they left . 
 `` the deepest part is in that cave . 
 i 'll go alone , okay ? 
 you guys stay here . '' 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 emily said . 
 `` you ca n't swim there alone . 
 i 'm going with you . 
 i 'll tread water on the surface while you dive down . '' 
 `` so will i , '' hanna said . 
 aria 's eyes widened . 
 `` do n't leave me here ! 
 i 'm coming , too . '' 
 spencer glanced at her worriedly . 
 `` can you manage ? '' 
 aria pulled a strap of her life vest . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 we 're all in this together , right ? '' 
 `` i 'll stay close to you , '' emily volunteered . 
 the girls tied the lifeboat to a natural outcropping of rocks and slipped into the cool , algae-filled water . 
 they swam toward the narrow passage and into a dark , swirling pool . 
 after a few more strokes , the passage opened into a wider cavern , where the water was much calmer and warmer . 
 but it was pitch-black in there , too-spencer could hardly see a few feet in front of her . 
 it was barely better when she turned on the scuba flashlight she 'd grabbed from the equipment room . 
 the filmy , slimy seaweed kept slithering over her legs like leeches . 
 she peeked worriedly at aria , but she was bobbing comfortably in the life jacket . 
 she grabbed the necklace from aria 's hand . 
 `` wish me luck , '' she declared , then disappeared under the water . 
 she sank down just like she had earlier that day . 
 this time , her equipment worked , and oxygen filled her lungs . 
 once she was down far enough , she found an outcropping of rocks and pushed the necklace deep into the cove , dislodging a cloud of sand . 
 when it cleared , the necklace was gone . 
 it was hidden-hopefully for good . 
 when she popped back up , the girls were still treading water . 
 there was a tense silence-spencer could tell none of them had spoken the whole time she 'd been down . 
 hanna 's teeth chattered . 
 aria was breathing heavily . 
 emily 's eyes darted back and forth toward the shore , which seemed a million miles away . 
 `` it 's done , '' spencer said when she pulled the dive mask from her face . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 they paddled back through the passage . 
 the sea had grown even colder with the setting sun , and spencer could n't wait to climb back on the lifeboat and head for land . 
 she squinted at the tiny sliver of sun on the horizon . 
 there was barely any distinction between the navy-blue water and the darkening sky . 
 the only sound she heard was the peaceful lapping of waves . 
 she looked right and left , disoriented . 
 something seemed different . 
 emily surfaced behind her . 
 aria swam through next , then hanna . 
 they all treaded water with spencer , looking around in confusion . 
 `` where 's the boat ? '' 
 emily finally said . 
 spencer blinked . 
 just like that , her bearings came back to her . 
 she saw the cruise ship far in the distance . 
 and there was the finger-shaped rock she 'd remembered from the dive earlier that day . 
 but when she looked for the natural hook they 'd tied the boat to , all she saw was a slack piece of rope . 
 she pulled at it , feeling a weight rise up from the deep . 
 an outboard motor appeared on the surface . 
 after that , a limp shell of a raft , all of its air gone . 
 aria gasped . 
 emily and hanna exchanged a silent , horrified look . 
 the waves lapped violently against the rocks . 
 a thin , high-pitched giggle spiraled through the air . 
 hanna let out a tiny squeak and stared at all of them with wide , terrified eyes . 
 `` i-i do n't understand . '' 
 `` something must have punctured it , '' spencer suggested , her voice trembling . 
 emily whimpered . 
 `` is this actually happening ? 
 how are we going to get back to shore ? '' 
 they stared at one another , then at the vast distance between themselves and the ship . 
 spencer swung around and tried to judge the swim to the land , but that was much too far , too . 
 emily could swim it , perhaps , but next to her , aria was thrashing around and breathing heavily , even wearing a life jacket . 
 `` i should have stayed on the raft , '' aria blurted between gulps of sea water . 
 `` maybe this would n't have happened . 
 i could have kept it safe . '' 
 `` stop it , '' spencer said sternly . 
 `` what if you 'd stayed on the raft , and it started sinking , and you could n't get out ? '' 
 aria stared at the smooth walls of the cliffs . 
 `` how could something have punctured the raft anyway ? 
 it does n't seem possible . '' 
 and then , as if in answer , they heard it again : that high-pitched giggle , seemingly wafting out from the ocean depths . 
 it was a vengeful laugh , a satisfied laugh , a laugh that said , now what are you bitches going to do ? 
 and suddenly , a tiny seedling of an idea formed in spencer 's mind . 
 `` naomi did this , '' she whispered . 
 aria 's throat bobbed as she swallowed . 
 hanna 's chin trembled . 
 emily 's fingers shook as she pushed her hair behind her ear . 
 as soon as the words spilled from spencer 's mouth , she knew they were true . 
 naomi had seen them leave . 
 surely she had known what they were going to do , and surely , as a , she saw a foolproof opportunity . 
 spencer could just see the news tomorrow : four pretty girls go for a joyride on a lifeboat when a cruise ship is evacuated . 
 boat springs a leak , the girls drown . 
 it had probably happened before . 
 when the rescue teams finally found them , it would be deemed a horrible accident , but certainly not foul play . 
 no one would go to jail . 
 it was the perfect crime . 
 everyone exchanged a haunted glance . 
 `` naomi left us here to die , '' spencer whispered . 
 `` for all we know , she and graham were in cahoots the whole time . 
 once his bomb did n't finish off aria , they moved on to plan b. '' emily burst into tears . 
 `` what are we going to do ? 
 i do n't want to die like this ! '' 
 `` help ! '' 
 hanna screamed out . 
 but the waves drowned out her voice . 
 `` we should have never come out here , '' emily blubbered . 
 `` this is all my fault , '' aria blubbered . 
 `` if i had n't gotten that necklace , we would n't be here . 
 we would n't be in any of this mess if i had n't pushed tabitha . '' 
 `` do n't talk like that , '' spencer said . 
 `` but it 's true ! '' 
 aria wailed . 
 `` i 'm the only one who deserves this from a . 
 you guys do n't ! '' 
 spencer watched as a wave passed over aria 's head . 
 she bobbed back to the surface , coughing , when another wave took her under again . 
 her arms thrashed uselessly . 
 there was terror in her eyes . 
 emily grabbed aria around the waist and pulled her to the surface . 
 `` you have to stay calm , '' she shouted in her ear . 
 `` panicking wastes energy . '' 
 `` how can i not panic ? '' 
 aria cried . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 a figured out a poetic end for us , tossing us out to sea just like the waves washed away tabitha . 
 even if we survive , what 's the use ? 
 a is going to find us again and do something even worse . '' 
 `` do n't say that , '' spencer soothed . 
 `` we 're going to beat a . 
 we 're going to find a way . '' 
 but as she stared into the dimming light , she realized that everything aria was saying was true . 
 being marooned at sea seemed like the worst possible death , but if they survived , who was to say a would n't come up with something even scarier ? 
 how could she live , knowing a had something in store for her just around the corner ? 
 aria wiped water out of her eyes . 
 `` if we get out of this alive , i 'm telling the cops what i did in jamaica . '' 
 everyone whipped their heads around and stared at her . 
 `` no , you 're not , '' spencer hissed . 
 `` i ca n't take it anymore ! '' 
 aria thrashed her arms . 
 `` do n't you see what 's happening ? 
 a is using our guilt and fear to manipulate us-and it could go on forever if we do n't stop it ! 
 the only way we free ourselves of a is to confess . 
 then a has nothing on us . '' 
 the sea was calmer for a moment . 
 hanna wiped water out of her eyes . 
 spencer sniffed back tears . 
 finally , emily cleared her throat . 
 `` maybe we should all tell , '' she said . 
 `` we ca n't let you do that alone , aria , '' hanna added . 
 `` and it 's true . '' 
 a wave splashed spencer 's left cheek . 
 `` a is powerless if we confess . 
 in a weird way , it 'll probably free us . 
 yeah , we 'll go on trial , and yeah , who knows what our futures will be ? 
 but at least a will be gone from our lives . '' 
 aria swallowed hard . 
 `` you guys do n't have to ruin your lives for something i did . '' 
 spencer rolled her eyes . 
 `` for the last time , aria , we 're in this together . 
 we 're all confessing . 
 we 'd never let you take the blame alone . '' 
 then , through an unspoken understanding , they swam together and formed a protective ring . 
 it felt , suddenly , like they were real and true best friends . 
 even sisters . 
 spencer squinted at something in the distance . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 every so often , once a wave passed , something white cut through the water . 
 aria 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` a boat ! '' 
 hanna waved her arms over her head . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 `` over here ! '' 
 emily screamed . 
 the low growl of an engine sounded over the raging tide . 
 the boat headed straight for them . 
 hanna let out a quasi-hysterical laugh . 
 `` they see us ! '' 
 the boat crested atop a wave and then bounced down its face . 
 it looked like a fishing vessel , with nets strung over the sides and poles jutting up from the hull . 
 the driver had on a khaki fishing hat that was pulled far over his eyes . 
 spencer wondered if it was someone from the cruise ship . 
 `` grab on ! '' 
 a voice cried . 
 a rope appeared in the water . 
 spencer struggled for it , but just as she was about to reach out , aria pulled her foot . 
 `` do n't , '' she said in a low voice . 
 spencer was about to protest , but then she followed aria 's wide-eyed gaze . 
 a girl was standing on the deck . 
 spencer 's head started to spin . 
 naomi . 
 `` grab on ! '' 
 naomi said again . 
 she reeled in the rope and threw it out again like a fishing line . 
 when none of them took the bait , she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong with you people ? 
 do you want to drown ? '' 
 `` swim away ! '' 
 spencer screamed , wheeling around in the water . 
 `` we have to get away from her ! '' 
 but then another voice called out from the boat . 
 `` hurry , girls , please ! 
 we need to get you to safety ! '' 
 spencer stopped paddling , recognizing the voice . 
 emily 's mouth dropped open , too . 
 as a wave moved out of the way , a second figure appeared at the railing . 
 he wore a tight pink polo , seersucker shorts , and star-shaped sunglasses . 
 the look on his face was of pure worry and fear . 
 `` jeremy ? '' 
 spencer blurted , blinking hard . 
 a few other people appeared at the side . 
 that slutty girl emily was rooming with , erin . 
 kirsten cullen and mike . 
 noel . 
 they were saved . 
 30 the long ride home `` grab on . '' 
 jeremy hung over the side of the boat with his arm outstretched . 
 `` i 'll pull you in . '' 
 hanna 's gaze flicked from jeremy to naomi , then to the boat 's captain , a guy with the brim of his hat pulled low . 
 then she stared at the rest of the rescue party . 
 familiar and unfamiliar faces gazed concernedly over the side . 
 mike looked like he was going to start sobbing any minute . 
 noel kahn held out his hand for aria to grab on to , the blood drained from his cheeks . 
 a wave hit the side of hanna 's head , and she went under for a moment . 
 as much as she did n't want to set foot on a vessel with naomi , the situation felt safe . 
 she was freezing . 
 her arms and legs had lost all feeling , and , by the woozy way her head was spinning , she was pretty sure she was exhausted . 
 she grabbed on to the rope and let jeremy , noel , and the other kids on the rescue team haul her aboard . 
 someone threw a big towel over hanna 's shoulders , and she sat there for a moment , breathing hard . 
 there was a flurry of activity at the rail of the boat as the rescue team hauled aria , emily , and spencer onto the deck . 
 then jeremy stood over them , his hands on his hips . 
 `` what the hell were you four thinking , stealing a lifeboat and heading away from shore ? '' 
 jeremy shouted . 
 his star-shaped sunglasses fell off , but he made no move to pick them up . 
 `` do you realize how much trouble you 're in ? 
 what do you have to say for yourselves ? '' 
 everyone exchanged a glance . 
 then spencer stepped forward . 
 `` i-i lost something during my dive earlier this afternoon . 
 a family heirloom . 
 i just thought since we were evacuating anyway , we could take a quick trip out to the cove and see if it was there . '' 
 hanna stared at her , impressed with spencer 's quick thinking . 
 `` when we got to the cove , we all got out and swam around , looking for it , '' she added . 
 `` and then our life raft deflated . '' 
 jeremy shook his head . 
 `` do n't think your parents are n't going to hear about this . 
 and your school . '' 
 hanna swallowed hard and felt aria tense next to her . 
 but then , something inside her released . 
 who cared who jeremy told ? 
 they were about to confess to murder , after all . 
 a motor grumbled , and jeremy instructed everyone to sit down . 
 spencer , aria , and emily sat on one end . 
 noel quickly occupied the last seat next to aria , leaving hanna no choice but to take a seat at the other end of the boat . 
 a seat , unfortunately , right next to naomi . 
 she sat down , avoiding eye contact . 
 but naomi was staring at her anyway . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asked gruffly . 
 hanna turned away , shrugging one shoulder . 
 `` god , hanna , '' naomi said sharply . 
 `` you could at least say thank you . '' 
 hanna spun back around . 
 `` f-for what ? '' 
 she blurted . 
 naomi looked stunned . 
 `` uh , for worrying about you when i saw you idiots go the opposite direction from land ? 
 for organizing a rescue team when i did n't see you on shore ? 
 you 're making it really frickin ' hard to be friends . '' 
 hanna crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` you never wanted to be my friend , naomi . 
 i know everything . 
 you sank our boat . 
 you wanted us to be stranded . 
 you and graham . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 hanna scoffed . 
 `` the guy you 're working with . '' 
 naomi stared at hanna as though an extra eyeball had sprouted on her forehead . 
 `` gee , hanna , you 're totally right . 
 me and graham , whoever that is , followed you in my secret , super-fast spy boat and then sank your boat so you could die . 
 we 're both complete monsters . '' 
 yes , you are , hanna thought weakly , still shivering under the towel . 
 you 're monsters called a . 
 but something was strange . 
 there was no knowing smile on naomi 's lips . 
 no bemused expression . 
 no wide-eyed , you-caught-me gasp . 
 instead , she was shaking her head at hanna like she was crazy . 
 hanna 's mouth tasted salty , and when she breathed in , her lungs felt raspy and raw . 
 maybe it was the fact that she was exhausted , or maybe it was the fact that they 'd decided to confess about tabitha , but nothing seemed to matter much anymore . 
 as hanna stared at naomi , she felt brave . 
 `` i know you know , '' she said . 
 naomi frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you know . '' 
 hanna spoke more forcefully . 
 `` i know that you know i drove madison home the night of the accident . 
 i was n't drunk , but a car came out of nowhere , pushing me off the road , and i crashed into a tree . 
 i know that you know i moved madison to the driver 's seat and left so i would n't get in trouble . 
 you and madison figured it out , did n't you ? '' 
 naomi 's hands went limp in her lap , and her face grew pale . 
 `` what ? '' 
 hanna took a breath and then glanced at jeremy , who was talking to the captain . 
 why did naomi seem so surprised ? 
 her e-mails with madison indicated they knew the truth . 
 and her a notes made it clear she knew everything . 
 and yet there she was , her face pale , her eyes darting back and forth , her hands trembling . 
 it felt like someone had reached into hanna 's mind and tilted everything ninety degrees . 
 was it possible she was wrong about naomi ? 
 `` you ... did n't know ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 naomi slowly shook her head . 
 hanna turned away and stared at the moon overhead , then at a fishing sticker on the side of the boat , then at jeremy 's stupid sunglasses , trying to hold onto something stable and knowable . 
 if naomi did n't know hanna had been with madison , then she had no reason to be after hanna . 
 and if she had no reason to be after hanna , why was she a ? 
 was she a ? 
 it felt like someone had just told her the sky was green , the water orange . 
 hanna looked at naomi . 
 she seemed as vulnerable and disarmed as she had during karaoke , or at the club , or at the gym when she 'd begged hanna to hang out . 
 a single tear rolled down her cheek . 
 she bit on her bottom lip over and over again until it was red and raw . 
 hanna clapped a hand over her mouth . 
 all at once , she felt sick with remorse . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispered . 
 `` i thought you knew everything . '' 
 naomi 's eyes blazed . 
 her lips twitched , and she clenched and unclenched her fists , as though she were considering throwing a punch . 
 but after a moment , she shut her eyes and sighed . 
 `` no , hanna . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' hanna whispered . 
 naomi stared at her . 
 `` you think sorry cuts it ? '' 
 `` but i am , '' hanna protested . 
 `` it 's not like i meant for any of it to happen . 
 madison was barely able to stand up when she left the bar . 
 that 's why i drove her home-i was afraid something awful might happen if i did n't . 
 and you said yourself that the crash was , in a weird way , a good thing-it got her straight . '' 
 naomi looked at hanna in horror . 
 `` my god , hanna . 
 i would have preferred the crash had never happened at all . '' 
 hanna shut her eyes , suddenly realizing how idiotic she sounded . 
 `` of course , '' she whispered . 
 naomi pressed her fingers to her temples . 
 `` i have half a mind to call the cops right when we get home and tell them everything . 
 my cousin used to like to play field hockey on the weekends , did you know that ? 
 now she 'll never be able to again . 
 she 'll probably always walk with a limp . 
 she went to grueling physical therapy for months , which racked up a ton of bills for my aunt and uncle . 
 i should make you pay them . 
 or maybe your rich father . '' 
 hanna opened her mouth and shut it again . 
 she had no defense . 
 naomi was totally right . 
 `` that accident caused a lot of anguish for all of us , '' naomi hissed , her cheeks flushed . 
 `` it was torture when we were n't sure if madison was going to pull through . 
 and you think you can just say you 're sorry and be done with it ? '' 
 `` i should n't have said that . '' 
 hanna hung her head . 
 `` you can tell the police about me if you want . 
 and your parents . 
 and madison . 
 they deserve to know the truth . '' 
 naomi set her jaw and stared at the horizon . 
 `` i just do n't understand how someone could do something like that . 
 and then , after you knew , you pretended you were my friend , like nothing was wrong ! '' 
 `` i did n't know madison was your cousin until i saw the fake id , '' hanna said . 
 tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 `` when i made the connection , i freaked . 
 i thought you knew about me and madison from the very beginning-i figured that 's why you were being so nice to me . 
 you knew , and you wanted to get revenge . '' 
 naomi scoffed . 
 `` i was being nice to you because i wanted us to be friends . 
 i was sick of our stupid fights . '' 
 she stared at her in disbelief . 
 `` is that why you were on my computer when we got back from the club ? 
 to see if i knew for sure ? '' 
 hanna nodded , overwhelmed with guilt . 
 `` i was convinced you knew about madison . 
 i read an e-mail exchange between you and her , and you said you 'd narrowed down who the suspect was . 
 i figured you knew it was me . '' 
 `` have you ever thought about just talking things out ? 
 coming clean ? '' 
 naomi asked . 
 `` it 's complicated , '' hanna mumbled . 
 it was n't like she could tell naomi about a. `` did you put those photos on my computer , too ? '' 
 hanna frowned . 
 `` what photos ? '' 
 naomi balled up her fists . 
 `` a whole folder of new photos was mysteriously added to my desktop . 
 i thought they were a virus , actually , so i did n't look at them , but when i went to delete them , they were gone . 
 were you trying to crash my computer ? '' 
 hanna 's mouth opened , but no words came out . 
 were the photos naomi was talking about the ones of the girls in jamaica ? 
 had someone planted them there ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said one more time , not knowing how to explain . 
 naomi pinched the bridge of her nose . 
 she watched the waves for a few moments , then turned back to hanna sharply . 
 `` just to be clear , i had no idea madison had someone with her in the car . 
 she was so wasted that night she did n't remember , either . 
 what she did remember , though , was flashing headlights coming head-on just before the crash . 
 that 's who we were investigating , you idiot . 
 not you . '' 
 hanna winced , but then nodded sheepishly . 
 `` i remember that car . 
 it was like , one second , there was no one on the road , and the next , there it was , heading right for us . '' 
 `` we managed to find a witness , '' naomi said begrudgingly . 
 `` a lady lives in the house on the hill where the car crashed . 
 she was n't home at the time , but she has a security camera in the driveway , and it caught some of the accident . 
 there was this shadowy image of madison 's car-i could n't tell there were two people in it . 
 there was an image of a second car , too , forcing the bmw off the road . 
 it was like they meant to do it . '' 
 hanna 's heart started to pound . 
 `` do you have any idea who it was ? '' 
 `` we have part of a license plate number , but that 's it . 
 the cops asked madison if she knew anyone who hated her so much they would want to hurt her , but she did n't know anyone . 
 i guess i should ask you the same thing . '' 
 a shiver danced down hanna 's spine . 
 if only she knew who wanted to hurt her . 
 but maybe that was how a knew what had happened that night : a had been the driver of the other car , forcing the accident . 
 of course a had had a front-row seat to what happened next . 
 all a had to do was pull over around the bend , turn off the lights , and watch hanna freak . 
 the boat slowed , and the port of hamilton rose into view . 
 hanna 's friends , who were all the way across the boat , out of earshot , leaned over in their seats , and then turned back to hanna . 
 they were probably watching the conversation , trying to figure out what hanna was saying . 
 hanna wondered if just by her body language they could deduce that naomi was n't a. hanna glanced at naomi again . 
 there were a lot of things she wanted to say to naomi . 
 a thank-you was in order-they would have died without the rescue boat . 
 she wanted to try and make it up to her , too , although she had no idea how . 
 but saying either of those things seemed completely inappropriate . 
 it was one thing when what she 'd done was a contained secret , something she was tortured by but internalized . 
 it was another when she saw how many lives it touched , altered . 
 it added a whole new layer of guilt and shame . 
 `` i 'm really sorry about everything , '' she mumbled once more . 
 `` yeah , well , you should be , '' naomi growled . 
 when she glanced at hanna , there was disgust in her eyes , but then she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm not going to tell , if that 's what you 're worried about . 
 but you owe me-got it ? 
 and let 's just hope they nail whoever that other driver was . '' 
 `` oh . 
 thanks . '' 
 hanna was surprised by naomi 's sudden generosity . 
 but naomi just rolled her eyes and turned away . 
 a wave splashed up , misting hanna 's face . 
 she settled back in her seat , feeling a mix of shame and regret . 
 all at once , she knew that the seed of friendship that had started to grow between them was probably lost forever . 
 too much had been said . 
 too much was damaged-and it was all hanna 's fault . 
 they might not taunt each other in the rosewood halls anymore , but they would n't sit together at steam , either . 
 it was just another thing a had wrecked . 
 the boat pulled up to the dock , and everyone lined up to get off . 
 `` you know , there 's something else i should probably tell you , '' she said gruffly as they stepped on the docks . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 naomi tucked a windswept piece of hair behind her ear . 
 `` ali called me up once , after she came back to rosewood as courtney . 
 she told me everything . 
 that she was the real ali , but she 'd been imprisoned in the hospital at the beginning of sixth grade because of this fluke switch , and that it was sort of your fault it happened . '' 
 hanna 's eyes widened . 
 `` did you tell anyone ? '' 
 naomi shook her head . 
 `` i thought she was drunk-the story was so crazy . 
 and she kept saying , ' i hate them , naomi . 
 they ruined my life . 
 they ruined yours , too , do n't you think ? 
 do n't they owe you something ? ' '' 
 `` do you think that ? '' 
 hanna asked . 
 naomi shrugged . 
 `` it was cool to be ali 's friend , and i was really pissed when she dropped riley and me for you guys . 
 but as time went on , i started to think it was a good thing . 
 ali was really bossy . 
 and she kept a lot of secrets . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 naomi gave hanna a crazy look . 
 `` maybe that she had a twin sister no one knew about ? '' 
 then she cleared her throat . 
 `` she said something else on the phone to me last year , though . 
 she said , ` i 'm going to get those bitches , naomi . 
 we 're going to make them pay for what they did . ' '' 
 `` god , '' hanna whispered . 
 ali had made them pay . 
 then she looked at naomi . 
 `` i wish you would have said something earlier . 
 i wish you would have told someone . '' 
 if naomi had taken ali more seriously , the girls might not have gone through that horrible ordeal in the poconos . 
 if real ali had gotten sent back to the preserve-because surely she would have , if someone had known to believe her-jamaica would n't have happened , either . 
 tabitha would 've just been a weird friend of ali 's from the preserve who acted strangely on ali 's behalf , nothing more . 
 hanna pictured time rewinding , every horrible thing they 'd done turning to dust . 
 what sort of life would she be living now ? 
 how happy would she be , how carefree ? 
 how amazing would it be if a was n't in her life ? 
 a clever , vindictive look crossed naomi 's face , reminding hanna more of the girl she 'd known for years , the girl who 'd always been her enemy . 
 `` i guess that makes us even . '' 
 31 a bittersweet reunion the lobby of the royal arms hotel was done up in beige and brown tones and filled with generic furniture and ugly brass light fixtures , making spencer feel like she was at a hotel near the philadelphia airport instead of on the shores of hamilton , bermuda . 
 the only thing special about the lobby was that it was jam-packed with kids evacuated from the cruise ship . 
 boys from pritchard sat on couches . 
 a bunch of kids from rosewood day swarmed the little restaurant , where three televisions were all tuned to cricket matches . 
 girls from villa louisa leaned against the front desk , talking to their parents on their cell phones . 
 everyone had gotten calls from their parents , who were furious that their children had had to flee for their lives on lifeboats . 
 rumors swirled about lawsuits against the cruise company . 
 mason byers announced that his dad was taking a private plane to bermuda that night and getting him the hell out of there . 
 the story had even hit the news already-the bermuda triangle , a headline had read earlier on a news program before cricket , followed by footage of dozens of tiny lifeboats sailing away from the burning ship . 
 unfortunately , the story about the girls ' brush with death got some airplay , too-reporters practically salivated once they realized they were the pretty little liars . 
 spencer had found out through the news that the authorities were still trying to figure out what had caused the explosion in the boiler room . 
 `` okay , everyone ! '' 
 jeremy shouted into a megaphone , still doing his best to remain chipper . 
 `` we 've got the fire out on the boat , but it is n't safe for travel , so we 're booking you plane tickets . 
 you 'll leave either tomorrow or the next day . 
 we 're trying to get you all rooms here , so no one go anywhere . 
 otherwise you 'll be stranded in bermuda until your parents can come and get you . '' 
 `` as if that 's a bad thing ? '' 
 spencer murmured , rolling her eyes . 
 she stood with her friends in a back hallway near a couple of computer terminals and vending machines , watching the chaos from afar . 
 none of them had quite recovered from their time in the cold water-they all still had towels slung over their shoulders and goose bumps on their arms . 
 their hair had partially dried , but aria had seaweed twisted in her bangs . 
 emily cupped a mug of hot chocolate in her hands , and hanna was still shivering . 
 but maybe that was because she 'd just announced that naomi was n't a. `` she did n't know what i did to madison , '' hanna went on after jeremy finished his announcement . 
 `` and , i mean , she organized a rescue team for us . 
 it 's pretty obvious the real a sent us down the wrong path again . '' 
 spencer nodded , not really surprised . 
 as soon as naomi had arrived with a rescue team in tow , she 'd begun to doubt their suspicions . 
 but it was incredible how expertly a had made it look like naomi was the one after them . 
 sending them notes when naomi was around , for one . 
 organizing hanna and naomi to room together , for another . 
 she shut her eyes . 
 `` but a was on the boat . 
 and a did deflate our life raft-right ? '' 
 aria nodded . 
 `` it 's too much of a coincidence . 
 a definitely did it . 
 so that leaves graham . 
 maybe he 's the one and only a. '' `` but i do n't understand how graham could have followed us to the cove without us seeing him , '' emily said , looking puzzled . 
 `` we were on open water . 
 and he must have acted quickly-we were n't in that cove for very long . '' 
 `` maybe he overheard us talking about going to the cove and headed out there first , '' hanna suggested . 
 `` or he could have already been there when we arrived , hiding in one of the caves . '' 
 aria squinted . 
 `` i do n't know if he could have gotten out there that fast after the explosion . 
 but i guess anything is possible . '' 
 spencer twisted her silver ring around her finger . 
 `` graham probably spied on all of our conversations in the common room . 
 and just because naomi was n't around , we thought we were safe . '' 
 `` has anyone seen graham ? '' 
 hanna whispered . 
 `` he could be listening right now . '' 
 everyone looked up . 
 spencer scanned the crowd in the lobby . 
 jennifer feldman was tapping on her ipad by the check-in desk . 
 lucas beattie was roving around the lobby , taking pictures for yearbook . 
 she did n't see graham anywhere . 
 `` i wonder what his next move is , '' she said uneasily . 
 `` do you think he 's going to tell as soon as we get to back to the states ? '' 
 aria squared her shoulders . 
 `` i think we should confess instead of letting graham turn us in . '' 
 confess . 
 spencer took a deep breath . 
 hanna and emily shifted uncomfortably . 
 it was obvious they were all contemplating the promise they 'd made in the water . 
 emily picked at her cuticles . 
 `` i 'm so afraid of what 's going to happen when we tell . '' 
 `` we have to end this , '' aria said . 
 `` out there in the water , i had this epiphany . 
 i 'd rather clear my conscience than live a lie . 
 even if that means suffering for it , i do n't think i can live another day with this hanging over me . '' 
 spencer nodded . 
 `` i feel that way , too . 
 but you 're underestimating it when you say suffer , aria . 
 we could spend years in court . 
 we could go to jail for the rest of our lives . '' 
 `` a could torment us for the rest of our lives , too , '' aria said . 
 `` but we 'll never get to see our families again , '' hanna said . 
 `` everyone we love will hate us . '' 
 tears filled aria 's eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 but like i said , i can confess for everyone , and - '' `` no , '' spencer , emily , and hanna all said at once . 
 spencer touched aria 's hand and swallowed hard . 
 `` you 're right . 
 we have to end this , and confessing is the only way . 
 i 'm in . '' 
 `` me too , '' hanna said after a moment . 
 emily nodded as well . 
 they were silent for a while , listening to the din of the kids in the lobby . 
 jeremy once more announced that they were booking everyone on flights back to philadelphia that would leave in the next few days . 
 spencer 's stomach sank just thinking about it . 
 once they got home , their lives would be over . 
 if only she could stay in bermuda forever . 
 suddenly , a figure appeared in the doorway . 
 reefer stood with his hands in his pockets . 
 `` can we talk ? '' 
 he asked , eyeing spencer . 
 spencer glanced at her friends , who shrugged and nodded . 
 she walked toward reefer tentatively , her heart suddenly thrumming . 
 as soon as he got close , he grabbed her and pulled her into a hug . 
 `` i just found out what happened , '' he said into her ear . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 what were you doing taking a lifeboat back to those coves ? '' 
 spencer 's body remained stiff and cautious , and she glanced around the room to see who might be watching . 
 even though a was n't naomi , a had still sent texts that she should stay away from reefer . 
 but then she remembered that they were going to confess soon . 
 life was too short to stay away from him . 
 `` it 's a long story , '' she admitted . 
 `` but i 'm fine . 
 naomi rescued me , actually . 
 so i guess she 's not such a psycho after all . '' 
 reefer shook his head rapidly . 
 `` no , spencer , she is . 
 she told me everything . '' 
 spencer frowned . 
 `` told you what ? '' 
 `` she was the one gaslighting you . '' 
 his voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` she poured baby oil on the floor , rigged the bed so it would break , all of it . 
 everything you thought was happening was true . '' 
 spencer blinked hard . 
 `` she actually admitted that ? '' 
 reefer nodded . 
 `` i just talked to her . 
 first she told me about the rescue , but then she admitted what she 'd been up to . 
 she seemed to feel really bad about it . 
 i feel bad about it , too . 
 i did n't believe you . 
 can you ever forgive me ? '' 
 spencer stared at him crazily . 
 `` i should be the one begging for forgiveness . 
 i 'm the one who 's been acting crazy . 
 and i 'm the one who broke up with you . 
 i never should have done that . '' 
 reefer squeezed her tight . 
 `` of course i forgive you , '' he murmured . 
 `` it 's been a weird trip , has n't it ? 
 naomi tormenting you , that fugitive girl jumping overboard , and did you hear about the explosion ? 
 it might have been intentional . '' 
 spencer swallowed hard . 
 `` i did n't hear that . '' 
 she hoped it sounded like the truth . 
 reefer nodded . 
 `` it started in the boiler room . 
 they think a passenger did it . '' 
 spencer looked down , knowing eye contact with reefer would give everything away . 
 `` do they know who did it ? '' 
 she asked . 
 reefer shrugged . 
 `` no clue . 
 they 're trying to bring up security cameras from the boiler room , but two of them were knocked out . 
 i heard that they made out two people on the third camera , though-they 're just trying to figure out who they were . '' 
 spencer glanced at aria , who was still talking to hanna and emily . 
 she was sure the two figures on the security tape were aria ... and graham . 
 she shut her eyes for a moment , considering graham as a . 
 they did n't even know him . 
 it all seemed so ... impersonal . 
 what kind of lunatic stalks and torments his girlfriend 's killers instead of simply turning them in to the police ? 
 a lunatic called a , of course . 
 she turned back to reefer , wanting to think about something else . 
 `` i missed you so much , '' she admitted . 
 `` i missed you , too , '' reefer said , and leaned forward to kiss her neck . 
 spencer tilted her head back , savoring the sensation . 
 but suddenly , as a group of tourists wearing american flag t-shirts waded through the kids , reality snapped into focus once more . 
 they were going to call the fbi tomorrow . 
 how would it go down ? 
 first a call , then a meeting with the investigator , then a tearful confession ? 
 she pictured her parents being summoned to jail , the press clamoring at the door with questions , their names in the news again , everyone staring at them . 
 what would reefer think when he found out ? 
 she let out a small , quiet moan and hugged reefer even tighter . 
 when she was a little girl , she and melissa used to play a game they 'd made up called `` prince charming , '' in which they listed all of the characteristics they wanted in a future boyfriend . 
 at first , spencer always copied what melissa said-tall , dark , handsome , drives a nice car , and has a good job-until she realized they were , more or less , describing their dad . 
 but even when she imagined a unique future prince , things like smells like hemp or can quote obscure grateful dead songs were never on her list . 
 but as she gazed at reefer 's kind , gentle face , the same wistful , someday-my-prince-will-come feelings she used to have when playing the game welled up inside of her . 
 even though reefer was n't the sort of guy she had anticipated ending up with , he was exactly what she wanted . 
 but would he want her , after he found out what she 'd done ? 
 32 the boyfriend problem even though the eco cruise company had chartered flights for the kids to take back to philadelphia , there was still the matter of everyone collecting their stuff from their rooms on the ship . 
 the boat pulled into the hamilton harbor at 7 a.m. on monday , and everyone was allowed one hour to pack up . 
 aria and noel climbed up the ramp , then glanced at the auditorium , which was still decorated for the talent show . 
 it was kind of sad to see the festive balloons , streamers , and search lights . 
 even the food was still set up , though flies were buzzing around it hungrily . 
 noel pointed at the first-prize vespa , which was parked near the stage . 
 `` i wonder who 's going to get that ? '' 
 `` no one , i guess , '' aria murmured . 
 he shook his head somberly . 
 `` yesterday sucked . '' 
 he took aria 's hand . 
 `` i just ca n't believe you thought it was a good idea to go and get some stupid family heirloom that spencer lost on a dive . 
 you could have died . '' 
 aria lowered her eyes . 
 `` i did n't think it was a big deal . 
 we did n't plan on the raft deflating . 
 it was a freak thing . '' 
 `` you just should have thought it through . '' 
 noel cupped the sides of aria 's face in his hands . 
 `` when naomi told me that you guys sailed off into the sunset and had n't come back yet , my heart just about stopped . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you . '' 
 `` do n't be so dramatic , '' aria murmured , but tears sprung to her eyes . 
 those horrible moments in the water were so fresh and raw in her mind . 
 she still could n't wrap her mind around the fact that naomi was n't a , either-and that a might be graham and graham alone . 
 he 'd watched all of them , slipping in and out of the shadows so effortlessly . 
 he 'd been the one to kill gayle and almost kill them . 
 as they walked further onto the ship , the smell of smoke grew stronger . 
 noel wrinkled his nose . 
 `` nasty . '' 
 as they passed the casino , noel glanced at the table up front , which still bore a sign for the eco scavenger hunt . 
 `` did you talk to graham after we evacuated ? '' 
 he said , making a face . 
 `` i 'm surprised he did n't want to rescue you . '' 
 aria swallowed hard , revisiting those horrible moments in the boiler room . 
 spencer had told her that the ship was able to salvage one of the security cameras , but she was of two minds about what the tape would reveal : on one hand , it might be good for graham to be identified and caught . 
 on the other , she was certainly the second figure on the tape . 
 noel would probably lose his mind if he found out she 'd almost been blown to smithereens . 
 she wiped her eyes and looked around the crowd of kids heading to their rooms . 
 graham 's room was on that floor , but he was n't among them . 
 in fact , aria had n't seen him anywhere . 
 she 'd searched the crowds in the hotel lobby , restaurants , and outdoor spaces nonstop , but he 'd been nowhere . 
 then again , if he was a , hiding in plain sight was what he did best . 
 but soon it would n't matter anymore . 
 once they told about tabitha , graham would n't be able to torment them any longer . 
 they 'd be free . 
 `` earth to aria ? '' 
 she jumped . 
 noel was staring at her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 aria tried to smile , but her mouth would n't cooperate . 
 reality hit her like a bucket of cold water over her head . 
 they were going to tell . 
 did n't she owe it to noel to tell him , too ? 
 she did n't want him to find out by watching the six o'clock news . 
 `` i ... '' she began , her voice cracking . 
 noel looked worried . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` i-i 've done something horrible , '' aria whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 noel edged closer . 
 it was unclear if he just had n't heard her or was asking her to elaborate . 
 someone slammed a door . 
 another boat on the harbor blew a loud , ugly-sounding horn . 
 the story throbbed on aria 's tongue , begging to be set free . 
 `` i 've ... '' suddenly , jeremy 's voice screeched over the loudspeaker . 
 `` forty-five minutes left , everyone ! 
 please pack quickly ! '' 
 noel turned back to aria . 
 he looked at her for a few beats , waiting . 
 aria turned away . 
 `` never mind , '' she said . 
 there was no way she could blurt it all out now . 
 he gave her a big hug , then pulled away and touched her collarbone . 
 `` where 's your necklace ? '' 
 aria 's mind scrambled for an excuse . 
 `` i must have lost it in the water . '' 
 she hoped she sounded convincing . 
 `` i guess it wanted to be returned to the sea . '' 
 noel nodded slowly , not seeming that distressed . 
 `` i guess it 's better you lost it than i lost you . '' 
 he gave her a final hug , then headed toward his room . 
 aria stepped back on the elevator-her room was two flights below noel 's . 
 every muscle in her body felt twitchy and charged . 
 that very well might be the last hug she and noel would ever share . 
 would he even speak to her after he found out she was a murderer ? 
 suddenly , just as the doors were closing , a man in a police uniform walked by , his posture stiff , his gaze straight ahead . 
 aria stabbed the door open button and slipped into noel 's hall once more . 
 the cop walked to the end of the hall , then entered an open door on the left . 
 aria was almost positive that was graham 's room . 
 she remembered where it was from when she 'd picked him up to go mini-golfing . 
 it seemed like so long ago now . 
 she watched as noel strode to his room , inserted his key into the door , and walked inside . 
 then , taking a deep breath , she started down the hall , too . 
 she passed noel 's door , heading to the end of the corridor to the door the cop had entered . 
 it was definitely graham 's - aria recognized the knight sticker on the marker board . 
 she peered inside , bracing to see graham , but instead only the cop and jeremy were there . 
 their heads were close , and they spoke in heated tones . 
 `` how long has he been unconscious ? '' 
 the cop asked , hands on his hips . 
 `` since the evacuation , '' jeremy murmured . 
 `` i 'm not sure how bad his injuries are-the doctors are n't telling me much . 
 his family is flying in soon . '' 
 aria blinked . 
 was graham in the hospital ? 
 the cop made a wry face . 
 `` unconsciousness is an easy way not to talk , huh ? 
 the security footage reveals two people , one of whom is him . '' 
 he gazed at a cell phone . 
 `` he has a lot to be afraid of right now . '' 
 `` have you identified the second person ? '' 
 jeremy asked . 
 aria held her breath . 
 but then the cop shifted his weight and said , `` we still ca n't get enough facial characteristics on the second person . 
 we think it 's a male , though . '' 
 aria frowned , confused . 
 she ran her fingers through her long hair , then stared at her sinewy , feminine fingers , each one painted a glittery coral color . 
 she 'd been mistaken for a lot of things over the years , but never , ever , a guy . 
 suddenly , the two looked up and saw her . 
 jeremy 's eyes widened . 
 the cop looked angry . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he barked . 
 `` um , i 'm looking for graham ? '' 
 she said , surprised at how weak and timid her voice sounded . 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 something flickered across jeremy 's face for a split second , then submerged . 
 `` you need to pack up now , okay ? '' 
 an alarm bell went off in her head . 
 `` is graham ... okay ? '' 
 she asked , her voice squeaking . 
 jeremy frowned and stepped toward her . 
 `` seriously . 
 if you do n't get everything out of your room in the next half hour , we 're not letting you back on for it . '' 
 the contours of his face had sharpened , making him look older and menacing . 
 aria turned and walked quickly back to the elevator , feeling that she 'd just seen and heard something she should n't . 
 an uncomfortable feeling came over her , but before she could think too clearly about it , she sped up , wanting to be away from the room that had possibly been a 's once and for all . 
 33 emily gets her wishes the next day , the shuttle van pulled into emily 's driveway , and the kind driver , who 'd talked emily 's ear off the whole drive about his sixteen-year-old son who would be just perfect for her , trotted to the back and grabbed emily 's bags . 
 `` looks like no one 's home . '' 
 he squinted at the fieldses ' blue colonial . 
 the windows were dark , the shutters were drawn , and there were windswept weeds and branches all over the porch . 
 emily shrugged . 
 her dad had sent her a terse text shortly before she landed at newark airport saying he could n't pick her up after all and had arranged for the shuttle . 
 he did n't offer an excuse , and emily wondered if it was just because he did n't want to be stuck in the car with her for two torturous hours . 
 apparently , he did n't sympathize with the fact that she 'd had to escape the ship on a lifeboat . 
 she gave the driver the last twenty-dollar bill in her wallet as a tip , then punched in the garage code and watched as the door slowly rose . 
 sure enough , both her parents ' cars sat quietly in the garage . 
 she walked around them and opened the side door . 
 the familiar smell of her house , a mix of slightly stale potpourri , bleach , and the musky cologne her dad always wore , made her throat tighten . 
 for a few hours , she had thought she 'd never have to come back here . 
 and after everything that had happened , she had n't had time to prepare to return to this life . 
 all of a sudden , her legs would n't move . 
 she could n't endure another sidelong glance from her parents , another heavy sigh . 
 she could n't tolerate the heavy , disappointed silence , her mother 's closed bedroom door , those horrible dinners with her father where neither of them spoke . 
 and it would only get worse once she and her friends confessed . 
 she stood in the laundry room , one hand on the top of the washer . 
 maybe she 'd turn around , walk out the door , and stay at a hotel for the night . 
 they were going to call the police tomorrow-she 'd probably be in custody within twenty-four hours . 
 why not spend the remaining hours of freedom somewhere peaceful and relatively calm ? 
 why torture herself by being around people who hated her ? 
 swallowing hard , she started to turn . 
 but then she heard a thin , eggshell voice call out from the family room . 
 `` emily ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 she froze . 
 it was her mom . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 mrs. fields called again . 
 then there were footsteps . 
 mrs. fields appeared in the living room doorway , wearing a pink sweater and jeans . 
 her hair looked washed . 
 her face had makeup on it . 
 and-even more bizarre-she was looking at emily with a faint smile on her face . 
 emily tentatively touched her cheeks , wondering if she might be dreaming . 
 `` uh , hi ? '' 
 `` hi , honey . '' 
 mrs. fields looked at her bags . 
 `` you want help ? '' 
 emily blinked . 
 these were the first words her mom had said to her in more than two weeks . 
 `` i was n't sure if you wanted me home , '' she squeaked , surprising herself . 
 mrs. fields pressed her lips together . 
 her shoulders rose up and down , and for a brief second , emily saw the disappointment gather in the lines on her mother 's face and the bags under her eyes . 
 here it comes , she thought . 
 her mother was going to burst into tears and disappear again . 
 but then mrs. fields stepped forward , her arms outstretched . 
 before emily knew what was happening , she 'd pulled emily into a hug . 
 emily remained ramrod-straight , her arms at her sides , still waiting for the tears ... or a lecture ... or something awful . 
 but her mom just rested her head in emily 's hair , breathing in and out steadily . 
 `` i heard there was an explosion on the boat , '' mrs. fields said . 
 `` and that you girls almost drowned at sea . '' 
 emily lowered her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said sheepishly . 
 `` i 'm just glad you 're safe . '' 
 mrs. fields shook emily 's hands . 
 emily looked up . 
 `` you are ? '' 
 mrs. fields nodded . 
 `` honey , i 've had a lot of time to think . 
 we 're going to work through this . 
 we 're going to figure out how to be a family again . '' 
 emily pulled away and stared at her mom 's face . 
 `` well , say something ! '' 
 mrs. fields urged , looking nervous . 
 `` that 's what you want , is n't it ? '' 
 `` of course it 's what i want , '' emily blurted . 
 `` i just ... i did n't ever ... i ... '' she felt tears welling behind her eyes . 
 `` i never thought you 'd forgive me , '' she mumbled , bursting into sobs . 
 mrs. fields collected her in her arms again . 
 `` i had a long talk with father fleming when you were gone . 
 i know we do n't talk about a lot of things . 
 but i hate the idea of you hiding something so big . 
 i 've been hard on myself during this time , too , emily . 
 i feel like i 've failed you as a mother . '' 
 `` do n't say that , '' emily blubbered . 
 `` it 's my fault . 
 i should have told you . 
 i was just so ... '' '' ... scared , '' mrs. fields finished for her . 
 `` i know . 
 carolyn told us . '' 
 emily drew back . 
 `` carolyn talked to you about it ? '' 
 mrs. fields nodded . 
 `` she feels like she failed you , too . 
 she wants to come home for a long weekend soon to talk things out . 
 this is a reflection on all of us , emily . 
 and if we 're ever going to heal , we all have to pull together . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 emily stared at her mom in amazement . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 `` i really want to be a family , too . '' 
 emily looked around the laundry room with its chicken baskets , old sweatshirts on hooks , and jugs of detergent . 
 she 'd never paid much attention to this room , but suddenly it was her favorite place in the world . 
 the possibilities spread out before her . 
 reconstructing her relationship with her older sister . 
 making things right with her mom again . 
 having normal dinners , normal holidays-being a family . 
 and being honest with them in the future , not running from them when she had a problem . 
 then she remembered : tabitha . 
 but she pushed that aside for the moment , deciding to concentrate on this and only this . 
 for one day , she could have her family back just the way she wanted it . 
 she 'd probably never have a moment like this again . 
 `` come on , '' mrs. fields said , picking up one of emily 's bags and dragging it into the kitchen . 
 `` sit down , i 'll make you some tea , and you can tell me all about your trip . '' 
 emily let her mom guide her through the living room and sit her down at the kitchen table . 
 it felt good to watch her fill the teapot with water and place it on the stove . 
 she was about to launch into a description of the ship and the islands they visited , but then an express mail envelope caught her eye . 
 emily fields , said the script in the address window . 
 she held it up . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 mrs. fields glanced over her shoulder and smiled . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just came this morning . '' 
 emily ripped open the envelope and pulled out a postcard . 
 when she saw the picture of the bermuda international airport on the front , her heart did a flip . 
 the postcard was unsigned , but she knew immediately who it was from . 
 then she read the date , and her mind stalled . 
 april 3 . 
 that was two days ago , the day of the explosion on the boat . 
 she pictured jordan 's body leaping from the top deck of the ship , the bubbles in the water , the fbi boats searching the bay . 
 a smile spread across her face . 
 then she looked down and read the note once more . 
 emily : i 'm okay . 
 not going to where we planned , but somewhere even better . 
 we 'll find each other someday-that 's a promise . 
 34 the fun has n't even begun the doorbell at byron 's house pealed around 8 a.m. the following morning , and aria shot up from the couch . 
 the house was empty-byron was at work , and meredith had taken baby lola to a doctor 's appointment . 
 she peered through the window in the door . 
 hanna , spencer , and emily were standing on the porch , grave looks on their faces . 
 `` thanks for coming , '' aria said in a small voice when she pulled the door open . 
 no one answered . 
 she led them to the den . 
 all three of her friends lined up on the couch facing the tv . 
 they sat with perfect posture , their eyes glazed and red-rimmed , like they were at a funeral . 
 which , of course , they sort of were . 
 `` are you sure we should do this ? '' 
 spencer blurted . 
 everyone exchanged a glance . 
 `` i do n't want to , '' hanna whispered . 
 `` me neither , '' emily said . 
 her throat bobbed as she swallowed . 
 aria perched on the wing chair , feeling just as conflicted . 
 every moment of this morning had felt like the end of an era . 
 it was the last time she 'd ever wake up in her bed . 
 the last time she 'd ever brush her teeth in her bathroom . 
 the last time she 'd ever kiss lola without a prison guard standing over her . 
 would meredith even bring lola to visit her in prison ? 
 a 's taunting text haunted her , too : will aria 's boyfriend visit her in jail ? 
 hanna picked at her nails . 
 emily stared at a coffee cup she was holding , but could n't seem to bring herself to drink it . 
 and spencer kept picking up a magazine , staring at the cover , and then putting it right back down again . 
 `` maybe we 'll get a really kind judge , '' emily said . 
 `` maybe someone who understands how scared we were about real ali coming back to hurt us . '' 
 spencer scoffed . 
 `` no judge will buy that . 
 they 'll say everyone knew real ali was dead . '' 
 emily wriggled in her seat , either looking like she was about to burst or pee her pants . 
 `` actually , not if we tell the court i left the door open for her the day of the fire . '' 
 everyone 's heads shot up . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 spencer sputtered . 
 emily buried her face in her hands . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i could n't just leave her on the floor like that . 
 i do n't know if she got out , but i did leave the door open . '' 
 `` but i saw the door , '' hanna said . 
 `` you shut it . '' 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 aria stared at the ceiling , trying to recall those hot , horrible , frantic moments before the house blew up . 
 she swore she 'd looked back and saw that the door was closed tight-or was that just a fabrication in her mind after the fact ? 
 `` god , emily , '' spencer whispered , her eyes wide . 
 hanna ran her hands down the length of her face . 
 `` is this why you 're so convinced real ali is the one stalking us now ? '' 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 emily fiddled with the coaster on the coffee table . 
 `` but i 've been thinking about it , and , you guys , maybe it 's a good thing . 
 if i bring up how the door was left open and how afraid we were that she 'd escaped , maybe the judge will understand our paranoia in jamaica . '' 
 `` or maybe he 'll think we 're crazy , '' hanna snapped . 
 aria shook her head . 
 `` you should have told us about this before now . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 emily looked tortured . 
 `` and i 'm sorry . 
 but would it really have changed anything ? 
 we probably would have been even more convinced tabitha was ali in jamaica . '' 
 `` or we would have gone to the police instead of handling it ourselves , '' aria said . 
 `` this might never have happened , '' spencer added . 
 emily slumped down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do you realize what this means ? '' 
 aria pushed her fingers through her hair . 
 `` real ali could be out there ! 
 she could be a ! '' 
 `` that 's what i 've been trying to tell you , '' emily urged . 
 `` ali makes the most sense . 
 she and tabitha had been such good friends that tabitha carried her picture in a locket . 
 maybe she was with tabitha in jamaica , and maybe the plan had been to push us off the roof , not the other way around . 
 maybe that was why she was waiting on the sand , taking those pictures . 
 but then , when things went wrong , she 'd decided to torture us instead . '' 
 `` but what about graham ? '' 
 spencer asked . 
 `` he makes a lot of sense , too . 
 and we 're certain he 's alive . '' 
 aria swallowed hard . 
 `` i thought it did n't matter since we were confessing , but i overheard jeremy and this cop talking yesterday , and graham 's in the hospital . '' 
 hanna squinted . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe from the blast . 
 it was unclear . '' 
 `` who cares if graham 's in the hospital ? '' 
 spencer threw up her hands . 
 `` he 'll get out eventually . 
 and then he 'll tell about everything we did . '' 
 `` there was something else weird , too , '' aria said . 
 `` the cop said they identified two figures on the surveillance tape from the boiler room-one was definitely graham . 
 they could n't identify the second person , but they thought it was a guy . '' 
 spencer cocked her head . 
 `` do you remember anyone else being down there ? '' 
 aria shook her head . 
 emily tapped the table . 
 `` maybe they just caught you at a weird angle or something . 
 or maybe it was a worker just randomly down there the same time you were . '' 
 `` maybe , '' aria said slowly . 
 then she shut her eyes . 
 she was so sick of talking about this , going back and forth as to who might be a , letting a torment their lives . 
 she was done . 
 `` we 're telling the cops about tabitha right now , '' she decided . 
 `` okay , '' emily whispered , widening her eyes at aria 's authoritative tone . 
 spencer just nodded . 
 hanna swallowed hard , but then nudged her head toward aria 's cell phone . 
 `` good . '' 
 aria felt electrically charged and a little crazy . 
 she grabbed her phone and looked up the number for michael paulson , the man at the fbi in charge of the murder trial . 
 it was a washington , dc , area code . 
 she punched the numbers on her phone unnecessarily hard . 
 she pressed the last digit and listened as the line rang . 
 after a moment , someone at the front desk answered . 
 `` can i speak to michael paulson , please ? '' 
 she asked , placing the call on speaker . 
 `` may i ask who 's calling ? '' 
 the woman said in a bored voice . 
 aria glanced at her friends , then turned back to the phone . 
 `` someone who has information on the tabitha clark murder case . '' 
 there was a loaded pause . 
 `` mr. paulson 's at a press conference right now , '' she said after a moment . 
 `` but if it 's important , i 'll be able to reach him . 
 can he call you back shortly ? '' 
 aria said that was fine and hung up . 
 she set the phone down on the coffee table , her heart hammering . 
 what was she going to say when the detective called her ? 
 how was she going to blurt it out ? 
 as soon as she did this , their lives would change . 
 was she seriously ready for that ? 
 hanna grabbed for the remote and turned on the tv . 
 `` i need some noise , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't stand this . '' 
 a commercial for ice cream cakes popped on the screen . 
 everyone stared at it absently . 
 aria wondered if they were all thinking the same thing-they 'd probably never have something as frivolous and celebratory as ice cream cake again . 
 the commercial for ice cream cake ended , and one for ford trucks came on . 
 then one for a local pizza parlor , then life insurance . 
 after that , the local news appeared . 
 the weatherman blathered about how it was going to be cloudy today , but there was a high-pressure system moving in tomorrow . 
 `` break out your shorts and t-shirts ! '' 
 he announced . 
 `` it 's going to be unseasonably warm ! '' 
 `` god , does he have to be so cheerful ? '' 
 spencer snarled at the screen . 
 emily looked desperately at the phone . 
 `` why does n't he call back ? 
 does n't he know it 's important ? '' 
 hanna cradled a pillow . 
 `` there 's something i did n't mention about my conversation with naomi yesterday . 
 apparently , real ali called her when she was back in rosewood as courtney and told her everything . '' 
 now it was her everyone stared at . 
 `` what do you mean , everything ? '' 
 aria asked . 
 `` the truth , i guess . 
 everything that was in that letter she slid under the door at the poconos . 
 naomi did n't believe her , though . 
 she thought she was crazy . '' 
 spencer blinked hard . 
 `` why would ali give away such a big secret ? '' 
 hanna shrugged . 
 `` she thought naomi would take her side . 
 she told me ali tried to recruit her , just like mona tried to recruit you , spencer . 
 ali said , ` we 're going to get those bitches , naomi . ' '' '' 
 ` we ' ? '' 
 aria blurted . 
 `` that 's what she said , '' hanna looked at aria in puzzlement . 
 `` what 's weird about that ? '' 
 aria pushed her hair behind her ear . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just sounded weird for a second , like ali had a team of people out to get us . 
 but maybe not . '' 
 suddenly , spencer , who had been looking at her phone , lifted her head . 
 `` you know how you said graham was in the hospital , aria ? 
 actually , i think he 's in a coma . '' 
 she turned her phone outward . 
 the bermuda triangle cruise claims a victim , said the headline of an online story . 
 aria scanned the text . 
 graham pratt was hospitalized from injuries following the explosion on board the splendor of the seas eco cruise ship . 
 the medical staff in bermuda says he is in a coma but resting comfortably . 
 `` whoa , '' aria whispered , her heart pounding hard . 
 a coma ? 
 had he been knocked out from the blast ? 
 but why had n't she seen him lying like an x on the boiler-room floor , unconscious ? 
 the news anchor materialized on the screen with a story about a traffic accident near the conshohocken curve , breaking her concentration . 
 aria grabbed the remote , wanting to put on something else , when the camera turned to a familiar face . 
 tabitha 's blue eyes gleamed . 
 her smile was sparkly and flirtatious , as though she was keeping a secret . 
 new developments , read a caption under her photo . 
 the remote fell from aria 's fingers to the floor . 
 hanna grabbed her arm and squeezed . 
 `` we just received new information about tabitha clark , the teenager who was murdered in jamaica last year , '' the blond reporter said . 
 `` the medical examiner has finished the autopsy , and he has some surprising results . 
 for more , here 's jennifer rubenstein . '' 
 emily 's face went pale . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 `` here we go , '' spencer whispered . 
 `` they 're going to say tabitha was pushed . '' 
 the picture cut to michael paulson , the very man they were waiting for , standing in front of a sea of microphones . 
 a man in a white lab coat stood next to him . 
 flashbulbs popped . 
 `` after a lengthy examination of miss clark 's remains , '' paulson said , stepping forward , `` my team and i have concluded that she was killed by severe trauma to the head . 
 there were multiple blows to her skull , and it appears that she was beaten with a blunt object . '' 
 hanna , who had been covering her eyes with her hands , peeked out . 
 `` wait . 
 what ? '' 
 aria cocked her ear toward the tv , certain she 'd heard that wrong , too . 
 `` whoever killed her did so at close range , '' paulson went on . 
 `` those are all the findings i can release for now . '' 
 the reporters hurled questions , but suddenly one of paulson 's aides tapped his shoulder and pushed a phone toward him . 
 paulson turned from the camera , mouthed a few terse words to the aide , but then took the phone and put it to his ear . 
 aria 's phone bleated , and everyone jumped . 
 she looked down at the caller id . 
 it was the dc number she had just called . 
 paulson was still on the tv screen , waiting for her to answer . 
 aria widened her eyes at the phone , then at her friends , and then at the television again . 
 tabitha clark killed by head trauma at close range , read the caption at the bottom . 
 slowly , she inched over to the phone and pressed ignore . 
 the phone stopped buzzing as the call was sent to voicemail ; he did n't leave a message . 
 then she muted the tv and turned to the others . 
 her palms felt prickly . 
 her head felt like it had detached from the rest of her body . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' she said shakily . 
 `` why did n't the autopsy say her back was broken from the impact of the fall ? 
 i mean , blunt-force trauma to the head at close range ... '' '' ... is n't something we did , '' hanna finished for her . 
 `` the fall did n't kill her . '' 
 aria blinked hard . 
 the gears in her brain turned very slowly . 
 `` so ... does that mean ... someone else killed her ? '' 
 on the muted tv , reporters hurled questions at mr. clark . 
 aria attempted a smile . 
 hanna reached over and squeezed her hand . 
 spencer and emily hugged , both of them bursting into tears . 
 a strange mix of feelings flooded over aria : relief , elation , but also paralyzing fear . 
 someone else had done this . 
 they were innocent . 
 the words were beautiful music in her ears . 
 and yet her hands were shaking badly and her heart was thudding hard . 
 they 'd been about to confess to a crime they did n't commit . 
 ruin their lives . 
 destroy their relationships . 
 they 'd done it to get a off their backs , but maybe this was exactly what a wanted them to do all along . 
 because , perhaps , a was tabitha 's real killer . 
 not them . 
 `` guys , graham does n't make sense as a anymore , '' she said slowly . 
 `` he had no reason to frame us before jamaica . 
 whoever is doing this to us is someone we 've known for a long , long time . '' 
 everyone exchanged a horrified glance , definitely thinking the same thing at the same time . 
 `` real ali , '' spencer whispered . 
 `` it 's got to be , '' hanna gulped . 
 suddenly , aria 's cell phone bleated . 
 at first , she thought it was the detective calling back , but then she saw the words on the screen . 
 one new text message . 
 her stomach swirled . 
 any remaining notion that graham was guilty was gone . 
 people in comas did n't send texts . 
 hanna 's phone rang next . 
 spencer 's chimed . 
 emily 's let out a low-pitched buzz . 
 everyone looked at one another , the blood draining from their faces . 
 then aria grabbed her phone and pressed read . 
 you got me , bitches-i did it . 
 and guess what ? 
 you 're next . 
 - a what happens next ... yep , i did it . 
 and i 'm only getting started . 
 the rescue crew may have thrown the girls a lifeline , but these liars are still a sinking ship . 
 it 's just a matter of time before they go down for good . 
 spencer 's a little out of breath from chasing reefer all over the main deck . 
 she may have reeled him back in for now , but nothing with stoners is ever set in stone . 
 if i have anything to say about it , their relationship will crumble before they ever reach the ivy gates of princeton . 
 poor little hannakins , losing another friend thanks to moi . 
 i guess no one ever told her that bridges over troubled water always get burned . 
 speaking of burns , i hear someone from the ship will be rehabbing in rosewood 's very own burn clinic . 
 and nothing soothes a guilty conscience like a little volunteer work ! 
 the preppy thief stole emily 's heart then swan-dived into the sunset , but jordan 's postcard makes it sound like their love story 's not over quite yet . 
 or is it ? 
 for emily , all roads lead back to ali . 
 and nothing 's harder to extinguish than an old flame ... as for aria , tabitha 's necklace is n't the only thing she needs to keep buried . 
 if a certain someone finds out about her starry , scary night last summer in iceland , it 'll blow up a whole lot more than a cruise ship . 
 enjoy the sunshine while you can , ladies . 
 tans fade so quickly when you 're behind bars . 
 kisses ! 
 - a 
