 1 facebook hacking is so sophomore year it 's a typical saturday afternoon , and my best friends charlotte chamberlain and madeline vega and i are sitting outside la paloma country club in tucson , arizona , where we all live . 
 it 's the last few weeks of summer before we start our junior year and we 're not losing a second of tanning time . 
 we 're all wearing our brand-new missoni bikinis that are sort of matchy-matchy but not quite , the air smells like banana boat sunscreen and freshly cut limes in the neighboring moms ' cocktails , and the high-pitched squeals from the kiddie pool off to the left carry across the neatly landscaped stone patios . 
 as we sip perrier through skinny red straws-this place is super-strict about underage drinkers-char takes a breath . 
 `` so i have an idea for the next prank for the lying game , sutton , '' she says , turning to me . 
 `` we go on facebook , and - '' `` no , no , no , '' i cut her off , lowering my copy of us weekly to my chest . 
 `` we 've done the facebook thing to death , char . 
 it 's too easy . 
 the lying game is about originality , remember ? '' 
 charlotte flushes , which just makes her freckles stand out more . 
 `` it was a variation on a theme , obviously . '' 
 she pushes her chloe aviators to the top of her head and offers a very well-practiced careless shrug that almost has me convinced she does n't care about my opinion . 
 the thing is , though , she does . 
 she and madeline both ... as well as everyone else at hollier high . 
 not that i 'm trying to boast or anything . 
 that 's just the way it is . 
 `` variation on a theme ... how ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 `` such as ... changing nisha banerjee 's profile picture to lindsay lohan 's latest mug shot ? '' 
 char suggests , snickering . 
 from my left , madeline , whose dark hair is gathered back into a messy knot , adjusts the ties on her crocheted bikini 's halter top . 
 `` it 'd be an improvement on that tennis team group shot she 's got now . 
 she looks totally deranged in it . '' 
 i cross and uncross my long legs , which are more muscular than mads 's lithe ballerina ones . 
 `` she ca n't help it . 
 nisha is deranged . '' 
 nisha banerjee is a tightly wound , quasi-popular girl who 's also my biggest tennis rival . 
 i sit up . 
 `` it 's too small-time , though . 
 the first lying game prank of the year has to be big . 
 no exceptions . '' 
 my best friends reflect on this for a moment , knowing i 'm right . 
 mads , char , and i started the lying game back in sixth grade during a sleepover , wanting to prank all of the cute guys in our class . 
 we were the most popular girls in school and we could do something like that , knowing they 'd just fall over us even more . 
 after that first prank-water-ballooning them from the school roof-we pulled other small-time pranks , like gluing lori sanchez 's locker shut or slipping a love letter from darien holbrook , the biggest heartthrob from that year , into the desk of miranda foos , a hopeless dork . 
 the pranks have escalated since then , some of them downright scary and illegal . 
 still , we get away with most of it . 
 and everyone at school expects us to push the boundaries . 
 which means we ca n't do something lame like switch a facebook profile picture . 
 `` that reminds me , '' charlotte says , changing the subject . 
 `` the twitter twins want to know if we 're going to nisha 's back-to-school party on thursday . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` not if they are . '' 
 gabriella and lilianna fiorello , and their constant addiction to their phones and all forms of social networking , are annoyance personified . 
 their desperation to get in on the lying game reeks worse than the latest viktor and rolf flowerbomb perfume , which , fittingly , is their signature scent this summer . 
 not that i blame them for trying so hard to get in , of course . 
 everyone wants to be in our clique . 
 but i told the twitter twins the same thing i tell everyone : membership is strictly limited to three , madeline , charlotte , and me . 
 no exceptions for anyone . 
 now charlotte sits up to face madeline and me , adjusting the strap of her one-shoulder swimsuit . 
 i have n't said anything yet , but since char started dating garrett austin , she 's put on a few happy pounds around her middle , surely from all the ice-cream outings and fancy dinner dates they 've gone on . 
 char eats when she 's in love ; that i know for sure . 
 `` we kind of have to go to nisha 's , '' charlotte insists , chewing thoughtfully on her lower lip . 
 `` she 's invited the whole tennis team , including the seniors . 
 you know how the team eats that stuff up . 
 if you want to be captain over her , you should at least put in an appearance . '' 
 i sniff . 
 `` i do n't have to do anything . '' 
 but then i shrug . 
 `` oh , whatever . 
 i 'll go . 
 she 'll definitely have a way better turnout if people know we 're going , and laurel 's been whining about wanting me there . '' 
 at that , i glance toward the snack bar . 
 laurel , my adoptive sister , is leaning against the window , repeating the order we gave her , her brow furrowed in concentration . 
 we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember-the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten-free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit-no melon or strawberries . 
 i 'm sure she sees it as a test , but i just wanted a few extra minutes of privacy so we could talk lying game pranks . 
 laurel practically invented the phrase hanger-on . 
 she was so thrilled that i 'd begrudgingly said she could join us at the pool today that she immediately posted it as her status on facebook . 
 i suppose a lot of girls would be thrilled that their little sisters admired them so much , but for me , it 's a little suffocating . 
 madeline 's cheery voice interrupts my thoughts . 
 `` so it 's settled . 
 we 'll go . 
 nisha 's lame , but we 'll make it fun . '' 
 `` fine , great . '' 
 i wave my hand in front of my face . 
 `` we 'll go to nisha 's . 
 it 'll be like community service . 
 but way more important than that is the inaugural lying game prank . '' 
 i drum my watermelon-tipped fingernails against the iron arm of my chaise . 
 `` who should the target be ? '' 
 i grin wickedly in charlotte 's direction . 
 `` garrett ? '' 
 charlotte sets her mouth in a line , her cheeks turning as red as her hair . 
 `` do n't you dare , sutton . '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' i say , deciding to go easy on her . 
 garrett is , after all , char 's first big boyfriend . 
 `` what about boys of the non-boyfriend variety ? '' 
 madeline suggests . 
 `` boys of the dirty , evil-scumbag-douche-lord variety ? '' 
 i raise my eyebrow . 
 `` are we talking about a certain lifeguard , mads ? '' 
 i glance over at finn hadley , the tanned , muscled , blond-from-the-sun boy who sits atop the lifeguard stand near the diving well . 
 finn was mads 's intended summer fling , and he seemed to be into her , too , texting her regularly , putting his arm around her whenever he saw her , even bringing her treats from the snack bar . 
 but then we caught him in a ... private lesson with an off-duty au pair on the tennis courts after hours a week ago . 
 enough said . 
 `` that 's not a bad idea , '' i say , narrowing my eyes on finn . 
 i ca n't let guys go around thinking they can screw with my friends . 
 especially not for nannies whose idea of personal style is faux-hipster keds . 
 `` but i still do n't think he 's a big enough target , '' i say after a moment . 
 i pat mads 's leg . 
 `` how about this-we report him to the management for smoking pot on duty ? '' 
 mads cocks her head . 
 `` a joint in his locker ? '' 
 `` that 's what i was thinking , '' i say , giving her a high five . 
 char makes a face . 
 `` but guys , that 's a repeat . 
 we did that to dave jaffrey last spring . '' 
 `` yeah , but ... '' i trail off , my gaze on someone across the pool . 
 he 's tall , with dark hair , beckham-esque shoulders , and an ian somerhalder brooding thing going on . 
 his lean torso is tanned and rippled with muscles , and his easy lope is completely un-ignorable-every girl he passes gives him an appreciative stare , and he takes the time to greet quite a few of them . 
 my competitive streak awakens inside me . 
 this guy could be a contender for a summer fling of my own , even though summer 's almost over-i 've been weighing my options for a while now . 
 there was a half second last week when aidan grove , a lacrosse player who 's been into me since seventh grade , looked like a front-runner since i 'm a sucker for calf muscles . 
 but now , i 'm not so sure . 
 mr. vampire diaries might just have taken the lead . 
 i flick my low , shiny ponytail over one shoulder as casually as i can and push my sunglasses up my nose for maximum intimidation factor . 
 to my delight , he 's walking over . 
 i tilt my body and put my hand on a tanned , bare hip . 
 he 's coming right toward me . 
 and now he 's stopping . 
 who knew this could be so easy ? 
 `` hey , sutton . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 the boy says , offering an easy smile . 
 then he glances to the left . 
 `` hey , char . 
 hey , mads , '' he says , almost as an afterthought . 
 `` hey , '' char says , sounding bored . 
 but i 'm confused . 
 how does this guy know my name , all of our names ? 
 and then , as i look at him , something clicks . 
 my jaw nearly drops . 
 but ... wait . 
 there 's no way . 
 this ca n't be - `` hey , thayer , '' mads says , as if answering my thoughts . 
 it 's madeline 's younger brother . 
 i fiddle with my sunglasses to disguise my utter shock . 
 i 'd forgotten that mads 's baby brother , whom i 'd never given the time of day before , had returned from soccer camp last night . 
 what the hell were they feeding them there ? 
 is this seriously the same skinny kid who never spoke ? 
 thayer is still staring at me . 
 `` finding out a lot of good stuff about will and kate , sutton ? '' 
 for a moment , my mind is blank-i have no idea what he 's talking about . 
 then i look at the us weekly still overturned on my lap . 
 on the cover is the royal couple at a ball . 
 `` o-oh , '' i say haltingly , like i 've never spoken to a boy in my life . 
 i can feel the blush rising to my cheeks . 
 `` um ... '' thayer grins , perhaps knowing that he 's made me tongue-tied . 
 before soccer camp , he would never do something like this . 
 but then again , that was back when he had regular , freshman-sized shoulders , eyes i never bothered to really look into , and , well , no voice . 
 i ca n't even recall our last conversation . 
 it was probably when he 'd come over to see laurel , who 's been his best friend for eons . 
 every time i answered the door instead of her , his face would turn violet , and he 'd trip over his words just like i 'm doing now . 
 get it together , sutton , i tell myself , and i straighten up . 
 boys fall over me , not the other way around . 
 i peel the magazine from my midriff and offer it to thayer . 
 `` you want it ? 
 i remember how crazy you used to be for mads 's old issues of people . '' 
 thayer blushes . 
 `` it was just that issue about the olympic swimmers . '' 
 i giggle and poke his calf-which , i might add , is even sexier than aidan 's . 
 `` just admit it . 
 you totally love the celeb gossip . '' 
 thayer grins and pokes me back . 
 `` do not . '' 
 `` do too ! '' 
 i say , nudging him with my foot . 
 thayer 's legs are rock-hard . 
 this is starting to get fun . 
 `` you guys , '' a voice says from a few yards away . 
 when i look up , laurel stands there with a cardboard box from the snack bar in her hands . 
 it 's filled with only sodas , though , none of the weird items we requested . 
 `` they do n't have gluten-free bread . 
 they 've never had gluten-free bread . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i blink innocently . 
 `` i swear i had some last time i was here . '' 
 `` yep , '' char joins in . 
 `` it was totally delish . '' 
 `` and star fruit ? '' 
 laurel sticks out her lip in a pout . 
 `` they just laughed at me when i asked for that . 
 they did n't even know what i was talking about ! '' 
 i ca n't help but explode into laughter . 
 char follows suit , and then mads , and the three of us are suddenly a giggling mess . 
 laurel stands above us looking forlorn . 
 she turns to thayer with that doe-eyed expression she always has for him . 
 laurel has had a crush on thayer forever . 
 `` they tricked me , '' she whines . 
 thayer 's playful , flirty expression shifts into one of annoyance . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you guys are horrible . 
 when are you going to grow up ? '' 
 he says it loudly , so that the whole pool can hear . 
 a gasp does n't rise up in the crowd , but there might as well be one . 
 everyone turns and stares . 
 mads blinks as if he 's slapped her . 
 charlotte raises her eyebrows . 
 i try my hardest not to alter my expression , but it 's almost impossible . 
 before any of us can say anything , thayer waves his hand dismissively , links his arm through laurel 's , and stalks off toward the diving board . 
 after a moment , everyone at the pool goes back to what they were doing . 
 but neither i nor my friends can speak . 
 it 's one thing for me to put the other two down , and occasionally , when she 's feeling feisty , char has even gotten some good jabs in at me that i 've let slide . 
 but someone 's little brother dissing us ? 
 not cool . 
 finally , charlotte sets down her glass . 
 `` what is up with your brother , mads ? '' 
 madeline shakes her head . 
 `` he was voted mvp at soccer camp . 
 i guess he thinks he 's something now . '' 
 she makes a face . 
 `` he is something else , all right , '' i murmur . 
 i try to sound annoyed-which i am , of course . 
 but i feel some other things , too . 
 things i do n't want to admit to myself . 
 it 's probably the sun . 
 maybe someone spiked my drink . 
 but as i watch thayer sauntering off with laurel , grinning lazily at every girl in his path , i feel the distinct rumblings of an emotion that has n't hit me in a long , long time . 
 jealousy . 
 2 up for a challenge , down for the deed here 's the thing about me and parties : even the ones i do n't want to go to i have to look smoking hot for . 
 as in , the hottest girl there-that 's how i keep my status , after all . 
 but on sunday , as mads and i scour the racks at jolie , our favorite boutique , the pickings are so slim i 'm considering shoplifting a missoni scarf or two in protest . 
 the place is packed , too , so maybe that has something to do with it . 
 all three of us are frustrated-madeline 's on her second walk-through of the floor , and charlotte 's stuck in the dressing room wrestling with the slit sleeves on a yellow silk elizabeth and james minidress . 
 i eye a row of candy-colored butter nail polish bottles on the glass-top display table . 
 the turquoise has possibilities . 
 a gawky brunette in a lime-green sundress and gladiator sandals looks like she 's considering approaching the display , but a glare from me sends her back toward the wall of belts instead . 
 i deftly sweep the turquoise polish from the table into my gray miu miu satchel . 
 done and done . 
 no one even looked my way . 
 `` ugh , '' madeline groans from behind me . 
 i turn to face her as though nothing is amiss . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask , scanning the store for something that would go nicely with my new acquisition . 
 rows of pastel tops sway on hanging racks like wearable meringue . 
 `` thayer , '' madeline says . 
 i stiffen slightly . 
 `` what 'd baby brother do now ? '' 
 i ask , sifting idly through a bunch of bangle bracelets . 
 `` he just texted to ask if i was going to nisha 's party , '' madeline says , in a horrified voice that suggests he 'd just texted to ask her if she was planning to shave her head . 
 `` can you believe him ? '' 
 char , who has just emerged from the dressing room with the yellow dress slung over her arm , gapes at us . 
 `` but he 's only a sophomore ! '' 
 `` seriously . '' 
 madeline shakes her head at her phone as if thayer can see her . 
 `` wait , he asked if you were going as if you had n't already been invited ? '' 
 i sputter . 
 madeline nods . 
 `` as if he 's the cool one , not me . '' 
 then she points at a bracelet i 've picked up from the table . 
 `` i love that . '' 
 `` it 's yours . '' 
 i wink at her , and she widens her eyes back , grinning , knowing what i 'm going to do . 
 but my mind is n't really on the five-finger discount . 
 it 's on thayer 2.0 . 
 who is this guy ? 
 unbidden , the image of his chiseled abs and defined calves floats in my mind . 
 i force myself to push it away . 
 `` he definitely thinks he 's the man since coming back from soccer camp , huh ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` like he 's the only guy who 's ever played a sport before . '' 
 madeline rolls her eyes . 
 `` thayer had some kind of crazy transformation while he was away . 
 suddenly he thinks he 's a sex god or something . 
 apparently he had a serious girlfriend while he was there . 
 she was super into him , and now she wo n't stop calling . 
 he claims she 's stalking him . '' 
 `` please , '' charlotte says as she sashays toward the register . 
 `` i 'm sure he does n't mind being stalked . '' 
 i smile , but i 'm not so sure about that myself . 
 thayer used to be so quiet-at least , that 's what i thought of him . 
 but it 's starting to seem like i had the wrong idea about thayer all along . 
 as charlotte winds around the racks , she plucks up a la perla bra-and-panties set and adds it to her pile . 
 `` la perla ? '' 
 the corners of my mouth twitch . 
 `` planning a hot night with garrett ? '' 
 charlotte 's cheeks flare a bright pink , but she does n't deny it . 
 as the salesclerk rings up the purchase , i slide the bracelet up my sleeve , easy as that . 
 then i look at madeline . 
 `` so thayer is n't into stalker girl , then ? '' 
 i try to sound nonchalant , like i do n't really care . 
 madeline leans against the counter . 
 `` i do n't know what their deal was this summer , but i definitely do n't think he 's into her anymore , '' she says , eyeing me . 
 `` honestly ? 
 i think he might have a crush on you , sutton . '' 
 i feel an unexpected little zing in my stomach . 
 then i freeze , trying to suppress my reaction . 
 `` aw , how cute , '' i say teasingly . 
 `` but sutton mercer does n't do younger guys . 
 thayer should know that . '' 
 my friends nod and turn away , but my heart is pounding . 
 yes , i 've known thayer liked me before , but suddenly it feels different . 
 only , am i insane ? 
 thayer might be hot now , but ... he 's still thayer . 
 madeline 's younger brother . 
 laurel 's best friend . 
 quiet . 
 sensitive . 
 the opposite of me . 
 thayer 's the guy who 's spent hours at our house on weekends , playing cards-cards ! 
 - with laurel the lame , the guy who sneaks over late nights to hang out in our backyard shed that we 'd made over into a quasi-clubhouse . 
 he 's a kid . 
 not in my league . 
 still , a hazy memory flits through my mind : last summer , thayer and laurel passed through the kitchen while i sat at our round oak table , thumbing my ipad . 
 i barely glanced up at them as laurel opened the refrigerator and pulled out a tall glass pitcher of iced tea . 
 but that did n't stop her from approaching me brightly . 
 her ponytail swung like the pendulum of a clock . 
 `` want some ? '' 
 she offered , hopeful and perky . 
 i barely mumbled an acknowledgment , ignoring her hurt expression . 
 i felt thayer watching me , but it just annoyed me back then . 
 when i looked up , his hazel eyes were trained on me , as though he could see what i was thinking and was disappointed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 his lips twitched , and he turned away silently . 
 i 'd glared at him as he and laurel went outside toward the clubhouse , wondering what that look had been for . 
 did he think i needed to be nicer or something ? 
 who was he to tell me what to do ? 
 and why , most of all , did i care what he thought of me ? 
 but the look stuck with me for days . 
 maybe thayer had been challenging my authority for a while now . 
 the sound of the register opening brings me back to jolie . 
 i shrug , brushing the moment off me like a used towel . 
 the salesclerk hands charlotte her shopping bag , crisp and sharply edged . 
 charlotte smiles and we make our way toward the exit . 
 suddenly , she stops in her tracks , a slow grin spreading across her face . 
 `` you guys , i have the best idea , '' she says . 
 madeline and i look at her , and she leans in conspiratorially . 
 `` what if we prank thayer ? '' 
 her eyes gleam . 
 `` for the lying game . '' 
 madeline 's mouth turns up at the corners , amused . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asks , waving her hand in an i 'm listening gesture . 
 charlotte runs her free hand through her auburn waves . 
 `` so , sutton would never go for thayer in a million years , right ? '' 
 `` right , '' i say quickly . 
 maybe too quickly . 
 `` well , what if we make it seem like she likes him ? 
 sutton pretends that she 's totally into him , and then when he falls on his knees professing undying love-preferably in a highly public place-we all pop out and surprise him , telling him it was a huge joke ! '' 
 she practically bounces on her heels from excitement . 
 madeline bites her lip , contemplating . 
 `` it would definitely take him down a few pegs , '' she agrees . 
 `` which he deserves , especially after calling us out like that at the pool . '' 
 her eyes light up as she warms to the plan . 
 `` i like it . 
 but what about you , sutton ? 
 do you want to do it ? 
 do you think you could reel thayer in ? '' 
 i arch an eyebrow at her . 
 `` who do you think you 're talking to ? '' 
 it 's a silly question . 
 reeling unsuspecting guys in is lying game 101 . 
 and i 'm the best at it . 
 `` but , i mean , he is your brother , '' i continue , considering . 
 `` are you sure you want to crush him so badly ? '' 
 madeline puts her hands on her narrow hips . 
 `` look , you do n't need to demolish him two hundred percent or anything like that , but ... yeah . 
 he has it coming . 
 you saw how cocky he 's gotten lately . 
 and it 's not just annoying me-it 's driving my father crazy , too . '' 
 her eyes darken , and she turns away . 
 char and i exchange a look . 
 we all know about mr. vega 's temper , which seems to flare up for the stupidest reasons . 
 i would n't want to get on that man 's bad side . 
 we step through the exit of the shop into the blazing heat of august in tucson . 
 i raise my arm and offer the salesclerk a wave , bangle falling down my sleeve and dancing on my wrist . 
 she smiles back , preoccupied , her dirty blond hair falling in a shiny curtain over her shoulders . 
 feeling triumphant , i turn to the girls . 
 `` i 'm in , '' i decide . 
 `` i 'm always down for a challenge . '' 
 3 fair play that night , my two friends and i walk the grounds of the annual pima county summer fair on the west side of town . 
 mosquitoes , plentiful because of this summer 's particularly wet monsoon season , flit around us , and fire-flies flicker . 
 the greasy smell of funnel cake clings to our clothes and makes our mouths water , even though we would n't dare order one . 
 as the pirate-ship ride to our left gets going , the passengers start to scream excitedly . 
 you 'd never get me on that thing . 
 my mom always says county fair rides are held together by bubble gum and duct tape and little else . 
 charlotte traipses back from the cotton candy booth , a truffula tree of spun pink sugar in her hand . 
 `` oh my god , did you see the guy running the cotton candy stand ? 
 i think he had , like , three teeth . '' 
 i give the scrawny-looking guy a wink , and charlotte practically spurts cotton candy out her nose . 
 `` gross , '' madeline says , more to char than cotton candy guy . 
 she giggles and hands charlotte a napkin . 
 but her chin 's all sticky , and little flecks of paper get stuck there , making her look even more ridiculous . 
 we collapse into laughter , giggling so hard we have to hold on to each other to stay upright . 
 the crowd streams around us , giving us weird looks , but we do n't care . 
 `` what 's next on our agenda ? '' 
 i ask , finally straightening up and tugging at the hem of my ella moss tissue tee . 
 mads looks around . 
 `` gabby and lili want us to meet them by skee-ball . 
 apparently gabby 's smoking it . '' 
 she holds her iphone screen up to my face so i can see their latest twitpic . 
 `` that could be a picture of anything , '' i scoff . 
 `` i need a visual confirmation . '' 
 `` then let 's go . '' 
 mads links arms with each of us , beaming with contentment , and we head back into the fray . 
 the fair is swarming with people . 
 we 've only moved about three feet , back to the ragged , dusty path between booths , when we bump directly into laurel . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 laurel says eagerly . 
 her foot lands squarely on my brand-new vince camuto cap-toe ballet flats , and i glare at her . 
 `` i thought we lost you back by the front entrance , '' i snap . 
 i could n't get out of driving laurel here , but mads , charlotte , and i slipped away from her the second she was distracted by someone in her class . 
 a hurt expression flits across her face , and i turn away . 
 sometimes i wonder if i 'm too mean to laurel . 
 we actually used to be friends , but then we just ... drifted apart . 
 it happens . 
 plus , i think that deep down , i 'm kind of pissed at her . 
 laurel is my parents ' biological daughter , the child they never thought they could have . 
 there 's always a fear inside me that they love her just a little bit more . 
 laurel sweeps her hair back off of her shoulder . 
 `` i just saw aidan grove by the skee-ball . 
 he asked if you were here tonight , '' she reports , looking proud of herself . 
 `` i told him you were . '' 
 she reminds me of a puppy who wants a treat for a well-executed sit or roll over . 
 `` he is so smitten , '' charlotte agrees . 
 she does n't bother to look up from her phone , texting furiously as she barely maneuvers the sea of bodies streaming past us on all sides . 
 her hand is jostled and she squeaks a protest . 
 `` stupid autocorrect ! '' 
 she sighs again , but her eyes shine with enthusiasm . 
 `` garrett just got here . 
 oh ! 
 there he is ! '' 
 she spies a figure walking through the crowd and starts to wave . 
 we all crane our necks to see garrett coming toward us . 
 he 's got close-cropped hair , high cheekbones , and small , intense eyes that look like they 're always squinting-but in a cute way . 
 madeline nudges charlotte , whose cheeks are pink with happiness . 
 `` i guess garrett was okay with you coming with us to the fair instead of riding with him ? '' 
 she asks . 
 charlotte nods , looking sheepish . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` why did n't you come with him ? '' 
 laurel asks . 
 `` sutton told me that when it comes to guys , you have to have the upper hand at all times . 
 which means leaving them wanting more . '' 
 `` and ... ? '' 
 i goad her . 
 `` and you were right , '' charlotte admits . 
 `` exactly , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm always right about those kinds of things . '' 
 `` hey , '' garrett says as he joins us . 
 he drapes his arm around charlotte 's shoulders and gives her a kiss on the cheek . 
 charlotte looks like she 's about to faint . 
 then garrett nods at the rest of us . 
 `` where are you guys headed ? '' 
 `` skee-ball , '' i announce . 
 garrett twists his mouth . 
 `` what sutton says , goes , huh ? '' 
 `` that 's usually how it works , '' madeline answers , shrugging . 
 we head over to skee-ball , where the crowd is thicker than ever . 
 over the clatter of wooden balls bouncing through targets , we 're greeted by a roar of hooting , whistling , and enthusiastic cheers . 
 mads and i exchange a glance . 
 someone was clearly on a roll . 
 could this crowd be all because of gabby ? 
 but then a cloud of wintermint trident surrounds me , and i hear gabby 's screechy voice in my ear . 
 `` oh my god , sutton ! '' 
 she presses me into a cloying hug . 
 `` you totally missed my moment of triumph ! '' 
 i unwind my arms from her torso , shooting mads an eye roll . 
 `` it looks like we 're here just in time for some real excitement , though . '' 
 `` it 's thayer , '' laurel squeals , scanning the scene and grinning . 
 she rises on her tiptoes to get a better look . 
 `` he 's kicking butt ! '' 
 i frown . 
 it 's got to be someone else . 
 last year , laurel used to always whine about how she and thayer never went to any good concerts because he could n't deal with crowds . 
 and forget about things like talent shows and battle of the bands-though we 'd sometimes hear thayer rocking out on his guitar through the walls at mads 's house , he would have never , ever gone onstage and performed in front of all those people . 
 madeline used to say that instead of having attention-deficit disorder , he had attention-terror disorder . 
 i jostle laurel aside and rise , zeroing in on the skee-ball machine just as a ball disappears squarely down the highest-scoring hole . 
 a scoreboard lights up and the crowd cheers . 
 i follow the trajectory of the ball backward and up an exceptionally graceful , well-muscled arm clad in a heather-gray t-shirt ... a t-shirt that covers the chiseled torso of the least likely candidate for rock-god status hollier high has ever known ... wow . 
 thayer gracefully picks up another silver ball and lobs it toward the hole . 
 bing bing bing , another high score . 
 he turns to the crowd and bows . 
 someone certainly has gotten over his shyness . 
 char nudges me . 
 `` check out his number-one groupie . '' 
 she points to nisha banerjee , my tennis rival , who is glued to thayer 's side . 
 she nibbles at a rainbow snow cone that 's stained her lips a deep purple . 
 she catches my eye across the crowd and scowls , but i avert my gaze frostily . 
 because of nisha 's perma-smug expression , of course . 
 and how she does n't bow down to me like she should . 
 and because she 's a ridiculously good tennis player , and i hate having competition . 
 not because she 's standing next to thayer . 
 i do n't care about that . 
 thayer sinks another ball down the 50-point chute , and the crowd roars once more . 
 lili nudges me . 
 `` rumor has it he 's trying to win one of those huge toys for someone . '' 
 she points out the hulking plush dolls looming large on a rickety , overcrowded prize shelf at the back of the booth . 
 there 's a scooby-doo , flounder from the little mermaid , snoopy , and that football-headed baby , stewie , from family guy . 
 `` you have to get a thousand points to win one , though . '' 
 `` for nisha ? '' 
 laurel says , sounding heartbroken . 
 `` maybe , '' gabby trills . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 the thought burns like bile in the back of my throat . 
 there 's no way he likes her . 
 right ? 
 laurel looks at me , then glances at scooby . 
 `` oh my god , remember , sutton ? 
 scooby-dooby-doo ! '' 
 she says it in scooby 's goofy voice , shaking her head from side to side . 
 `` a couple of years ago ? 
 you tried to win him , too ! '' 
 i turn brusquely away from her . 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 did she have to say it so loudly ? 
 i hate when my little sister brings up dorky stuff from my past . 
 okay , okay , yeah , i used to really , really like scooby-doo . 
 when laurel and i were younger-when we were actually friends-i once played skee-ball just like thayer is doing now , determined to get scooby for myself . 
 i did n't get remotely close , though . 
 i take a big step away from laurel , indicating i want her to drop it , now . 
 madeline is shaking her head as thayer pumps his fist in a dorky victory gesture . 
 `` my brother seriously needs to get over himself , '' she snaps . 
 suddenly , thayer looks at me . 
 my eyes narrow into slits , but he does n't seem to notice . 
 the corners of his mouth spread into a huge , gorgeous grin . 
 and then he winks . 
 a rush of something goes through me , but i turn away , pretending to fume . 
 `` yes , '' i say to madeline . 
 `` he definitely does . '' 
 4 fleas and thank you ? 
 an hour or so later , madeline , charlotte , garrett , and i sit at a picnic table outside the soft pretzel stand , where we 're devouring warm pretzels dusted in cinnamon , sugar , and butter . 
 some things are totally worth the calories . 
 the smoky tang of barbecue fills the air , and crickets chirp a peaceful rhythm . 
 a toddler wobbles past us clutching a mylar balloon . 
 just as i wonder who he belongs to , a tired-looking woman with a weary smile jogs briskly after him , an overstuffed canvas tote banging against her hip as she passes . 
 the air is cool and dry against my skin , and even though crowds around us thrum with energy , i feel relaxed and happy . 
 i bite greedily into my pretzel , washing it down with a tart , icy lemonade . 
 char presses her side to garrett 's and lets out a happy sigh . 
 they 're sharing an ice-cream sundae loaded with hot fudge and whipped cream . 
 char does n't need the calories and she knows it , but like i said-she eats when she 's happy . 
 i consider pointing it out , but then realize it would be too cruel to do it in front of her boyfriend , even for me . 
 garrett suddenly leans across the table , eyeing my pretzel . 
 `` can i have a bite ? '' 
 i nod , taking another swallow of lemonade . 
 `` go for it . '' 
 he reaches for the pretzel . 
 as he does , his hand grazes my own . 
 i stiffen slightly . 
 was that ... intentional ? 
 something about garrett 's fleeting touch felt a little ... flirty . 
 a mama bear feeling flares up inside me ... alongside a small , smug flicker of satisfaction . 
 i 'm not proud of it , but it 's there . 
 maybe it has to do with being given up for adoption when i was little , but it 's nice to be wanted . 
 the protective feeling wins out , and i glance at charlotte , but she 's engrossed in an anecdote of madeline 's about finding a girl from her ballet class puking behind a port-a-potty earlier . 
 as for garrett , he 's licking his fingers and peering at something on his phone . 
 i turn to madeline , who is finishing her story . 
 `` i guess that 's what happens when the only thing you 've ` eaten ' all day is an extra-large diet coke , spiked ! '' 
 she cackles , her bun bobbing up and down on top of her head as she laughs . 
 `` that bitch has the sloppiest battement in the studio . '' 
 she slurps noisily at her own lemonade for good measure . 
 i lean forward to chime in when , from across the table , charlotte 's eyes widen at something over my shoulder . 
 `` um , hello there , scooby-doo ! '' 
 her voice is tinged with surprise . 
 i twist around on the bench to find my sister with thayer , giant scooby in tow . 
 laurel gazes at him , giggling as he adjusts the massive stuffed animal against his hip . 
 i bite back a smile . 
 there 's something absurd about seeing strong , built thayer grappling with a plush cartoon dog that 's practically as big as he is . 
 and i 'm totally jealous thayer won him . 
 that dog was supposed to be mine . 
 `` i guess you were n't kidding about wanting to win that thing , '' madeline says , toying with her straw . 
 `` well , i can be pretty determined when i want something , '' he says , shrugging . 
 underneath the table , mads pokes me . 
 get a load of him . 
 all three of them-thayer , laurel , and scooby-plop down at the end of the table . 
 `` nisha was bummed you did n't give the scooby to her , you know , '' laurel says to thayer , shaking her head . 
 `` she was all over you the whole time you were playing . '' 
 thayer 's face splits open into an easy , cocky grin . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 can you blame her ? '' 
 i roll my eyes at madeline . 
 `` so who are you going to give it to , dude ? '' 
 garrett asks . 
 there 's a long pause . 
 thayer laces his hands atop scooby 's big head . 
 `` i guess i sort of have my pick , huh ? '' 
 garrett guffaws loudly . 
 madeline turns purple . 
 charlotte pokes me this time , and i pinch her back . 
 the prank is on . 
 so on . 
 i spin on the picnic bench , folding one knee up into my chest and tilting my head at thayer . 
 `` what do you say to a friendly wager ? '' 
 i ask , staring him squarely in the eyes . 
 thayer arches a quizzical eyebrow . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm challenging you to another game of skee-ball-winner takes scooby and another stuffed animal . 
 i can be determined when i want something , too . '' 
 i layer my voice with meaning . 
 thayer shrugs . 
 `` well , laurel and i were going to hit the bumper cars next , actually . 
 rain check ? '' 
 i open my mouth , then shut it again . 
 that was n't supposed to happen . 
 knowing my friends are watching , i decide to pretend i did n't mean anything by my challenge . 
 i stand , crumpling up my used napkin and paper plate and stalking toward the trash can . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 but then , suddenly , thayer is grabbing my hand . 
 his grip is surprisingly warm and firm . 
 all at once , i 'm unsteady on my feet . 
 `` sutton , '' he says , glancing surreptitiously toward the others on the bench . 
 he pushes scooby at me . 
 `` promise you 'll give him a good home . '' 
 i stare at the stuffed animal now in my arms . 
 part of me is thrilled . 
 thayer played for hours to win scooby . 
 but then i feel annoyed . 
 is he only giving me scooby out of pity , because he did n't want to take me up on my bet ? 
 `` remember that one year you tried to win him ? '' 
 he says softly . 
 i blink at him . 
 of course . 
 thayer had been at the fair with laurel and me , too-he 'd just been so quiet i 'd barely noticed him . 
 did he try to win scooby specifically for me ? 
 my heart starts to beat a little faster . 
 i ca n't believe he even remembered i liked scooby , after all these years . 
 but then i feel ridiculous . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' i say . 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 thayer 's gaze is unbroken . 
 `` i know you remember , sutton . 
 you 're just pretending you 're too cool . '' 
 unbelievable ! 
 the urge to push scooby back at thayer rises up inside me , but out of the corner of my eye i see mads flashing me a subtle thumbs-up from the picnic table . 
 thayer giving me scooby is a good thing . 
 it 's a first step in our lying game prank . 
 i turn scooby over suspiciously . 
 `` this thing is probably full of fleas . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he 's fine , '' thayer says , reaching out and patting scooby on the head affectionately . 
 `` so , do you like him ? '' 
 as i reach out and gingerly finger scooby 's paw , rolling the tufts of his fur between my thumb and forefinger , i realize my fingers are trembling . 
 then i square my shoulders . 
 `` you 're full of crap , you know . 
 you 're only giving me scooby because you did n't want to accept my challenge . 
 because you know you would have lost . '' 
 i poke him playfully . 
 thayer laughs and meets my gaze . 
 `` maybe , '' he answers . 
 `` or maybe not . '' 
 and before i can say another word , he winks , then disappears into the crowd with laurel . 
 5 no time like the present on monday afternoon , the lying game holds an official im chat to check in about all current works in progress . 
 we take our pranking very seriously . 
 i lean back against the ornate sleigh headboard of my bed , the laptop warm against my legs . 
 charlotte , whose im handle is sexxyred , types , are we sure a thayer prank is enough for our annual kickoff prank ? 
 swanlakemafia , aka mads , replies : i was thinking the same thing . 
 but now that i 've started this flirtation with thayer , i do n't know if i want to stop . 
 we 've got to do it , i , suttoninaz , answer . 
 but only as a favor to the best bff ever . 
 i can tell thayer 's bugging you , mads . 
 we 'll think of something else for the big back-to-school prank . 
 swanlakemafia : thanks , sutton . 
 you 're right . 
 and nice job on the scooby score last night ! 
 watch and learn , ladies , i say nonchalantly . 
 but i 'm glad my webcam is n't on right now , because i 'm blushing-and snuggled up next to scooby . 
 i would n't want my friends to see him there and get any ideas that i really like thayer or something . 
 it 's just that he 's so cozy to sleep with . 
 and he barely smells like funnel cake and corn dog at all . 
 we still need to come up with our real prank then , i type , manicured fingers flying across the keyboard . 
 thinking caps on ! 
 after a moment , an image loads into the chat screen : charlotte , winking , a eugenia kim straw fedora perched at an angle across her forehead . 
 cute . 
 it 's her take on a thinking cap . 
 she looks a little like britney spears pre-breakdown # 1 . 
 adorbs , i tap . 
 but keep the ideas coming . 
 we have a reputation to uphold . 
 off to ballet , bitches . 
 i declare this lying game meeting officially dismissed , mads types before signing off . 
 later , char , i type , flipping my laptop shut and sliding off my bed . 
 even with the windows shut and the central ac blasting , i can still hear the angry , insistent throttle of a leaf blower buzzing like a chain saw outside . 
 gritting my teeth , i wander toward the window and thrust aside the curtains . 
 sure enough , across the street , a diligent gardener in a blue baseball cap walks the perimeter of the donovans ' front lawn in increasingly wider circles . 
 their yard is n't that big , but he does n't look remotely close to being done . 
 i sigh in frustration , considering a long , hot shower with my fresh lavender scrub , when i spot the leaf blower 's landscaping partner . 
 i 'd recognize that thicket of dark , shiny hair anywhere . 
 thayer . 
 he 's at the edge of the front walk , neatly clipping the box hedges that line the flagstone path from the driveway to the entrance of the donovans ' house . 
 he 's not wearing a shirt , and the strong , defined arms that he debuted at the country club the other day are on full display . 
 from where i stand , it looks like they 're getting a good workout , too . 
 on the one hand , the fresh bath scrub is yummy-smelling . 
 on the other hand , it 's not like i 'm going to be able to truly relax as long as the leaf blower is making all that noise outside . 
 on the third hand-and as long as thayer 's got his shirt off , i decide to give myself as many hands for this argument as i need-thayer 's out there . 
 just begging to fall head over heels for me . 
 it 's like fate has handed me an early christmas present , wrapped in a bright , shiny bow . 
 game on . 
 it only takes me a minute to fluff my hair in the mirror and swipe on some of my favorite nars lip gloss in a peachy shade . 
 something tells me thayer 's the type to appreciate the natural look in a girl . 
 i grin at my reflection and shoot a quick glance at scooby on the bed . 
 the sight of him there gives me a warm glow-and a double shot of confidence . 
 `` scooby-dooby-doo ! '' 
 i whisper , then smile to myself . 
 stepping into the tucson heat is like crawling into an oven , but i stay focused as i approach thayer . 
 he 's crouching on the ground now , tugging a particularly stubborn weed . 
 `` oh my god , '' i say , surprise ringing in my voice . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 do you work for the donovans ? '' 
 as if i had n't been spying on him through the window . 
 thayer turns , sets his shears down , and appraises me coolly . 
 based on his expression , i can tell he shares my opinion that my cutoffs show just the right amount of long , tanned leg . 
 but even that does n't seem to faze him much . 
 `` no , '' he replies , smiling easily . 
 `` i work for the landscapers . 
 they work for the donovans . '' 
 his eyes are alight with mischief . 
 i tilt my head down , offering my most coquettish grin . 
 `` i guess you had to find some way to keep out of trouble , now that soccer camp is over . '' 
 my tone suggests that keeping in trouble is way more fun than the alternative , of course . 
 `` yeah . 
 and i guess i 've got a lot of excess energy to burn now that i 'm not running drills every morning at five a.m. '' `` that sounds horrible , '' i say , grimacing as i wrap my hair up into a loose , casual bun at the nape of my neck . 
 i read somewhere that guys love when girls play with their hair . 
 `` at tennis camp they let us sleep until six . '' 
 `` spoiled , '' he teases . 
 `` i do usually get what i want , '' i say . 
 thayer locks eyes with me and a small charge passes through me . 
 `` so i 've heard , '' he says . 
 `` how 's scooby , by the way ? '' 
 `` covered in fleas , '' i answer quickly , only a slight hiccup in my voice . 
 `` too bad , '' thayer answers with mock sadness . 
 we look at each other for a moment , each daring the other to make the next move . 
 a weed whacker grumbles from the donovans ' backyard , snapping us out of the staring contest . 
 thayer clears his throat . 
 `` anyhow , it 's not a bad job , really , '' he says , gesturing to the wide , green expanse of the donovans ' lush lawn . 
 `` i like being outside . 
 but i miss california . 
 we got to drive some of the pacific coast highway to get to the camp . '' 
 `` we did that , too , a million years ago , on a trip to disneyland for laurel 's sixth birthday , '' i offer . 
 unexpectedly , the memory rushes back to me : me , hair in twin pigtails , swinging my short legs against the cool leather of the backseat of our old audi sedan , laurel 's nose pressed against her window in search of an r for the license plate game . 
 even though i saw an r , i pretended not to . 
 i was letting her win . 
 that was back when we liked each other . 
 i look at thayer . 
 `` my father made us stop in gilroy , the - '' '' - garlic capital of the world ! '' 
 thayer chimes in , laughing . 
 he runs his hand through his hair , brushing it back from his perspiration-beaded forehead . 
 `` we stopped there , too . 
 totally worth the delay . '' 
 i stare at him , wondering if he 's actually serious . 
 `` we were ready to kill my father , '' i say . 
 `` laurel and i were so hyped to see princess jasmine in the flesh , and he wants to stop for some stinky garlic ? '' 
 i make a face . 
 `` ugh , and did you try the garlic ice cream ? '' 
 `` obviously , '' he says , shrugging like i 'm the weird one in this conversation . 
 `` how can you not ? '' 
 `` easily , '' i say , `` really , really easily , '' and we laugh . 
 thayer crosses his arms over his chest . 
 `` you know , sutton , i 'll bet you 're not half as high maintenance as you pretend to be . '' 
 he frowns , as though considering , then nods . 
 `` i 'll bet that under the right circumstances , you 're the kind of adventurous girl who thinks garlic ice cream is for wimps . '' 
 i know he means it as a compliment , but i shiver . 
 the thing is , ever since i was little , i 've had a secret , deep-down fear that being adopted means i 'm second best , and sometimes i just demand things to see how far i can push people-to see how much they actually care about me . 
 it 's weird that thayer seems to just get that , intrinsically . 
 no one has ever guessed at it . 
 `` i can be pretty adventurous , '' i admit . 
 `` but maybe not garlic-ice-cream adventurous . 
 everyone has their limits . '' 
 `` so what kind of ice cream would you eat ? '' 
 thayer asks . 
 `` chili pepper ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i like some spice . '' 
 `` how about miso ? '' 
 `` totally-i love sushi . '' 
 i point to him . 
 `` what about prosciutto ? '' 
 `` as in ham ? '' 
 he makes a face . 
 `` not sure about that one . '' 
 i feign shock . 
 `` have i grossed out the unflappable thayer vega ? '' 
 `` maybe , '' thayer says , and we both chuckle . 
 suddenly , something strikes me : standing here , hanging out on the donovans ' front walk , talking to thayer like he 's ... a guy feels so normal and natural . 
 more than that , it 's fun , and it fills me with a sparkly feeling i ca n't ignore . 
 but then a voice inside me speaks very , very loudly : this is just a prank . 
 nothing more . 
 i straighten , hitch my shorts back up over my hips , and clear my throat , suddenly clamming up . 
 `` well , i should get going . '' 
 `` would n't want to keep your adoring public waiting , '' thayer quips . 
 i bite my lip . 
 `` no , definitely not . '' 
 my eyes dart across his lithe body again , just for good measure . 
 `` do n't work too hard . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' he assures me . 
 `` anyway , i 'll see you later . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows , feeling a skip in my chest . 
 `` you will ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'm hanging out with laurel . '' 
 of course . 
 `` cool , '' i say . 
 i 'm about to turn and wander back home when thayer reaches forward , placing a hand on my forearm . 
 the contact sends a thrill straight to my core . 
 `` watch out , '' he says , gesturing to the rake i was about to step on . 
 `` right , '' i say , regaining my balance . 
 but i feel like he meant watch out in another way , too . 
 watch out , sutton . 
 you 're getting in over your head . 
 6 zen and now `` and ... breathe ... '' it 's tuesday evening , and alexis , my favorite instructor at prana yoga , winds her way through the studio , her cleanly pedicured feet nearly soundless against the sleek , blond bamboo flooring . 
 the silver toe ring nestled around her left third toe makes a tiny click with each step , but it 's barely audible over charlotte 's labored ujjayi breathing . 
 it 's not very yogic , and i have to restrain myself from pinching her so she 'll quiet down . 
 om , i remind myself . 
 breathe . 
 i focus on the clicks of alexis 's toe ring tapping out a steady , rhythmic morse code and draw my concentration inward . 
 if i can make my mind blank , maybe i 'll stop thinking about thayer 's lazy smile . 
 or the way he touched my arm before i left the donovans ' yard yesterday . 
 or how he said watch out like it meant something . 
 or the fact that i actually slept with my arm tucked around scooby last night . 
 and when i woke up at 2 a.m. and could n't find him , i kind of freaked out a little . 
 he 'd only been on the floor , but really-how old was i ? 
 did n't i stop sleeping with toys when i was three ? 
 i bend my right leg until my thigh is nearly parallel to the floor , sinking lower into the release of the muscle as alexis gently nudges my extended front arm into proper alignment . 
 `` one long line , '' she reminds me , nodding as i make the adjustment . 
 her sandy corkscrew curls bob as she surveys madeline 's posture , which is , of course , ballerina perfect . 
 `` chaturanga to up dog , '' alexis intones , her voice low and hypnotic , like car tires crunching over gravel . 
 madeline drops gracefully into a firm , strong plank on my left while , from the right , charlotte grunts as she lowers into the pose . 
 we all invert back into down dog , then stand , shake out for a moment , and drag our sticky mats to the wall for headstands . 
 `` remember that headstands , like all inversions , are about clarity . 
 perspective , '' alexis says . 
 she kneels at the front of the studio and lights a cluster of eucalyptus candles , then rises and dims the overhead lights . 
 the room is bathed in a soft glow , the candles giving off a clean , fresh scent . 
 clarity . 
 perspective . 
 it 's a good thing we 're here , i think . 
 i could use some of both of those . 
 thayer never did come by to see laurel yesterday . 
 and what 's worse is that i noticed . 
 and cared . 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 i mean , i ca n't actually like thayer , can i ? 
 and i definitely ca n't be seen dating him or anything like that . 
 i have my reputation to think of . 
 still , though-thinking about yesterday , his skin on mine , the jokes back and forth , the easy way i felt around him , i feel the hairs on the back of my neck prickle . 
 this is so totally not okay . 
 there 's only one thing left to do . 
 i have to call the prank off , shove my feelings down into some kind of emotional lock box before they become anything more , and pretend none of this insanity ever happened in the first place . 
 i press my fists firmly into the ground and send all of my energy to my legs , imagining them shooting straight up into the sky . 
 but then thayer 's face materializes in my mind again . 
 i wince , and my legs wobble . 
 there 's a soft thud beside me as charlotte allows her legs to fall over her head in plow pose . 
 as if she can read my mind , she whispers , `` how 's it going with thayer , sutton ? '' 
 here goes , i think . 
 no time like the present . 
 `` i do n't know , guys , '' i say , working as much boredom into my tone as i can . 
 i 'm grateful that charlotte and madeline are both twisted up like human pretzels and ca n't see my face when i answer . 
 `` i 've been thinking , and pranking thayer seems kind of ... lame . 
 i think it might be beneath the standards of the lying game . '' 
 they 're silent next to me . 
 maybe they 'll be cool with it . 
 `` besides , '' i go on , `` what if people actually believe that i like him ? 
 i do have my reputation to think about . 
 no offense , madeline , '' i add as an afterthought . 
 madeline does n't look remotely offended-in fact , her face is a mask of tranquility , her delicate features serene and open-but charlotte looks vindicated . 
 `` i knew it ! '' 
 she crows , her voice gleeful . 
 `` knew what ? '' 
 i ask shakily , turning my face away . 
 my heart suddenly thuds . 
 is it obvious how i 'm starting to feel ? 
 does mads know , too ? 
 `` you do n't think you can get thayer to fall in love with you , do you ? '' 
 char asks triumphantly . 
 what ? 
 i break out of the pose and stare at her . 
 i had n't expected her to say that . 
 `` no , i - '' madeline cuts me off . 
 `` oh , please , '' she says , the beatific expression on her face never wavering . 
 `` he 's already half in love with sutton . 
 he has a picture of you in his bedroom , '' she says to me , tilting her chin toward me slightly while keeping her eyes closed . 
 as much as i wish it would n't , my pulse quickens at the thought . 
 `` he does ? '' 
 `` yeah , he 's had it since last year at least , '' madeline says . 
 `` i found it underneath one of his math books . 
 do n't ask me where he got it from or what he does with it '' - she shudders , causing her willowy frame to waver briefly - `` but this prank should be a gim me for you . '' 
 then she giggles . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see the look on his face when he realizes it 's all a joke . 
 i mean , come on . 
 my baby brother with a hot older girl ? 
 never . 
 gon na . 
 happen . '' 
 from upside down , her grin actually looks like a frown , filling me with a queasy foreboding . 
 `` he deserves to be pranked just for thinking it could ! '' 
 charlotte chimes in . 
 `` it 's going to be so good , do n't you think , sutton ? '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i say shakily . 
 but as alexis ushers us into shavasana , the final relaxation , the last thing i feel is calm . 
 the leader of the lying game ca n't be seen begging off of a prank . 
 i ca n't look like a failure in front of my friends . 
 i 'm going to have to go through with this . 
 it 's the only option . 
 but then i think what mads just said . 
 i ca n't wait to see the look on his face when he realizes it 's all a joke . 
 i 've said that about a lot of pranks we 've pulled : i 'm going to die laughing when she realizes we tricked her ; his expression is going to be priceless ; i bet they 're going to scream . 
 never before , though , have i thought about how those people truly felt . 
 and most of the people we pranked deserved it for one reason or another . 
 but did thayer , really ? 
 so he came back from soccer camp acting like he was the man . 
 but then i think of thayer 's teasing smile when he gave me the scooby , the way he seemed to see right through me in the donovans ' yard yesterday . 
 i shiver . 
 the temperature in the room has dropped , and the moisture-wicking fabric of my tank suddenly feels flimsy and thin . 
 a light snore from charlotte jolts me . 
 i elbow her less than gently as alexis flicks the lights back on . 
 the three of us stand , straighten our tops , and roll up our sticky mats , getting ready to leave . 
 `` so , what 's the deal , sutton ? '' 
 charlotte asks , adjusting her white terry headband and flashing a pearly smile in alexis 's direction . 
 alexis dips her chin in a quick nod of reply . 
 `` is operation loverboy a go , or not ? '' 
 i grit my teeth . 
 this is it , i tell myself . 
 clarity . 
 `` only if you promise never to call it that again , '' i snap , narrowing my eyes . 
 i fish my iphone out of the pocket of my silver nylon gym bag . 
 `` he 'll be mine by the end of the weekend . '' 
 and then i furiously tap a text to thayer . 
 missed u yesterday . 
 i 'd better see you today or else it 's ham ice cream for you . 
 it 's more aggressive than i 'd normally be-than i 'd normally need to be-but i might as well look at this plan like ripping off a band-aid . 
 it 's better to get the painful part over with as quickly as possible . 
 7 no place like home `` sutton ! '' 
 my mom calls out from downstairs . 
 `` breakfast is ready ! '' 
 `` ca n't a girl sleep in for once ? 
 it 's summer ! '' 
 i yell back , but really , i 've been up for hours . 
 i 'm sitting at my desk , scrolling idly through facebook and staring angrily at my phone . 
 thayer still has n't responded to the text i sent him last night . 
 not even with a smiley . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 it does n't matter , i try to tell myself . 
 you 'll win him over . 
 then again , if thayer does eventually like me , the end result is the same : all of us laughing in his face . 
 maybe it 's better if he does n't fall for me . 
 but that does n't sit well with me , either . 
 i slip the phone into the pocket of my robe and pad downstairs . 
 just as i 'm crossing the foyer , the doorbell rings . 
 my heart lifts-is it thayer ? 
 i get even more excited when i see a tall , broad shape through the clouded glass of the door . 
 but when i open the door , it 's garrett standing on the porch . 
 i frown . 
 `` uh , are you looking for charlotte ? '' 
 i ask tentatively . 
 garrett smiles awkwardly , then pulls something out of his bag . 
 `` actually , i came by to see if this is yours . '' 
 he holds out a cell phone with a swarovski crystal-bedazzled case . 
 `` i found it at the club yesterday . 
 the battery is dead , so i could n't be sure , but i thought i recognized it . '' 
 i stare at the phone without touching it . 
 he thought this bedazzled , sparkly monstrosity was my phone ? 
 eww . 
 the lying game girls all have matching tory burch cases-classic and chic . 
 `` not mine , '' i say . 
 `` you should take it back to the club for lost and found . '' 
 `` oh , okay , sorry . '' 
 garrett gives me another wobbly smile as he slides the phone into the pocket of his cargo shorts . 
 `` so ... what 's up ? '' 
 i stare down at my robe and slippers , then back at him . 
 `` uh , i just woke up . 
 i look like death . '' 
 garrett 's eyes widen . 
 `` no , you do n't . 
 you look cute . '' 
 is he serious ? 
 `` garrett , i 'm barely awake , '' i say . 
 `` can we talk later ? '' 
 or not at all ? 
 i think . 
 `` of course . '' 
 garrett looks embarrassed . 
 `` i 'll let you have breakfast or whatever . '' 
 he steps off the porch , making a few too many flustered movements . 
 `` see you around , sutton . '' 
 `` yep , see you around . '' 
 i shut the door fast , watching him scamper back to his car , which is parked at the curb . 
 weird . 
 maybe he 's just being friendly to all of char 's bffs as a way to get in our good graces . 
 somehow , though , i doubt it . 
 shrugging the situation off as best i can , i stride into the terra-cotta-tiled kitchen . 
 inside , laurel is on her hands and knees scrubbing at our floor with a soaked dishrag . 
 orange liquid pools all around her like a moat . 
 my mother leans over the kitchen table with a roll of paper towels and a spray bottle of cleaner , and my father holds out a plastic bag for collecting the soggy , orange-juice-soaked towels . 
 i sidestep them and head for the coffeemaker . 
 `` how many mercers does it take to clean up an orange juice spill ? '' 
 i say snidely . 
 my mom looks up at me . 
 the morning light illuminates the fine lines at the corners of her eyes , making her seem more tired , more vulnerable than usual . 
 `` who was at the door ? '' 
 `` no one , '' i say quickly , grabbing a steaming mug of coffee that 's already been poured and settling down at the table . 
 my mom glares . 
 `` you could help , you know , sutton . '' 
 i bristle . 
 it was n't my mess . 
 `` it looks like laurel 's got it under control , '' i say , shrugging . 
 laurel stands and drapes the wet dishcloth over the stainless steel basin of the sink . 
 `` sorry again , mom . 
 all your freshly squeezed oj down the drain . '' 
 our mother touches laurel 's shoulder gently . 
 `` do n't worry about it , honey . 
 accidents happen . '' 
 i glare at them behind my coffee . 
 if i were the one to douse the room in freshly squeezed orange juice , mom would be giving me her disappointed look , the one that says i take every single thing i get for granted and always have . 
 and dad would be running his fingers through his hair at the temples , suddenly stressed because mom is stressed . 
 it 's like a chain reaction with them when it comes to me . 
 but since laurel screwed up , everything is a-okay . 
 mom gets a jug of tropicana out of the fridge . 
 dad ties off the heavy black garbage bag and crosses the floor to rest it in the doorway leading to the mudroom , then pauses to pat drake , the family great dane , on the head . 
 i take a sip of coffee and almost spit it out . 
 it 's black-who drinks it that way ? 
 i open a packet of splenda and dump it in . 
 behind me , laurel sighs loudly . 
 `` i poured that for myself , sutton . '' 
 she 's glaring at me . 
 `` i needed it . '' 
 funny , when laurel is around our family instead of my friends , she takes on the role of the whiny , annoying , self-righteous , victimized younger sister . 
 `` why did you need it so badly ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's still summer . 
 just go back to bed . '' 
 `` i 'm hanging out with thayer all day , and we 're planning on watching a meteor shower tonight , '' laurel snaps . 
 `` i 'm going to need energy . '' 
 thayer . 
 i clamp down hard on the inside of my cheek . 
 is that why he did n't text back-because he was texting laurel ? 
 `` where are you watching this meteor shower ? '' 
 laurel 's eyebrows shoot up , and i suddenly wonder if i 've seemed too eager and curious . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i do n't , '' i say quickly . 
 laurel huffily fixes herself more coffee . 
 our parents flit around trying to get ready for work-my father is a doctor , my mom a lawyer . 
 i check my phone under the table , glancing at it without actually expecting much-but i 'm rewarded with a bright new speech bubble indicating a new message . 
 a little hum shoots down my spine . 
 i silently scroll a thumb over the screen . 
 it 's thayer . 
 where do you stand on savory sorbets ? 
 i smile . 
 okay , that was a cute message . 
 maybe , just maybe , it was even worth the wait . 
 is it an invitation of some sort ? 
 i said i wanted to see him-does he want to go out for sorbet ? 
 i suppress a grin , sliding the phone back into my pocket . 
 i feel relieved , maybe too relieved , that he wrote me back . 
 but i 'm in no rush to respond . 
 now he can wait . 
 mom sits down at the table with a bowl of granola and soy milk . 
 `` so , laurel , is it nice to have thayer back from soccer camp ? '' 
 thayer . 
 he 's everywhere . 
 that fluttery feeling is back . 
 `` uh-huh , '' laurel stammers . 
 her eyes dart back and forth nervously and her movements are suddenly jerky , like a marionette . 
 `` he grew a few inches , did n't he ? '' 
 mom asks between bites . 
 `` i have n't noticed , '' laurel says , but a rosy flush creeps up her neck and perspiration beads her upper lip . 
 she fiddles with her tory burch studded leather wrap bracelet , winding it forward and back across her wrist . 
 i swallow hard , the fluttery feeling inside me turning slightly acidic . 
 i 've known forever that laurel likes thayer , but i wonder if her feelings have intensified with his summer upgrade . 
 the thought fills me with jealousy-and drive . 
 stealing a crush from my sister is old news , another trick that 's seriously beneath me . 
 but maybe , just maybe , this is another perk to getting thayer to like me . 
 it will be nice to remind laurel that no matter how things are with mom and dad at home , she is n't the blazing superstar everywhere she goes . 
 8 beauty sleep is overrated i open my eyes and look around . 
 the room is cast in a blue-black haze , images shapeless and sounds muffled , as though the entire scene were unfolding underwater . 
 wherever i am , it 's nighttime , and i am not alone . 
 in the dim light , i make out the four walls of a small , nearly bare room , a curtain-less window looking out into a parking lot . 
 the air smells of pine-scented room spray and stale cigarette smoke . 
 i hear a banging , then murmurs of conversation coming from somewhere nearby , some place outside of this room . 
 i 'm not sure where i am . 
 i 'm not sure how old i am , either . 
 not seventeen , certainly-more like four , five . 
 i look down and see a threadbare floral nightie that barely skims my knees on my body . 
 the elastic cuffs of the sleeves cut into the flesh of my upper arms , and a stiff , scratchy , polyester motel blanket is pulled up to my chin . 
 when i look over , i see a shadowy figure sitting at a small metal table by the window , drumming her fingers across the surface , staring into space . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i call out . 
 the figure turns , but i ca n't see her face . 
 i try my hardest-i want just one memory of my real mother , something i can hold on to . 
 only , this makes no sense : i was adopted when i was only a few weeks old , not four . 
 i do n't have any memories of my mother . 
 i have no idea who she is or what she looks like . 
 still , i struggle to see . 
 then , a hand that 's the exact shape and size as my own taps me on the shoulder . 
 i turn again and look into another face . 
 a mirror . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my mirror image does n't speak . 
 i start awake with a small scream . 
 this time , i 'm in my regular bedroom . 
 my butter-soft egyptian cotton sheets are tangled in a sweaty ball at my ankles . 
 my bare legs are cool and sticky from the blast of the air-conditioning . 
 i look at the clock-it 's not even midnight . 
 i fell asleep early tonight , exhausted after several hours of playing tennis with charlotte at the court down the street ; i do n't want to give nisha the satisfaction of being rusty when the season starts next week . 
 i stretch and sigh . 
 there 's no way i can go back to sleep now . 
 i quickly slip on a waffle-knit hoodie and make my way downstairs , stepping softly as i go . 
 i fill a glass of water at the sink . 
 suddenly , something behind me catches my eye . 
 at the far end of our immaculately landscaped backyard , a soft yellow light glows from within the latticework of crisscrossing branches . 
 the clubhouse . 
 laurel and thayer are out there , looking up at the stars . 
 i can picture their silhouettes in profile . 
 they 're tilted toward each other , whispering in the dim space . 
 about what , i wonder . 
 what would it be like , to be the one curled up in there , with thayer all to myself ? 
 `` did we wake you ? '' 
 i jump at the figure in the doorway , dropping my glass of water in the process . 
 it hits the granite countertop and shatters . 
 when i pull my hand away , i see blood . 
 `` ouch ! '' 
 the cut is shallow , but there 's a lot of blood . 
 i lean against the countertop , suddenly woozy . 
 thayer strides over to me . 
 `` oh my god . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i eke out . 
 `` but maybe you could get me a band-aid ? '' 
 thayer looks like he does n't want to leave my side . 
 `` where are they ? 
 `` in the hall bathroom , in the medicine cabinet . '' 
 i point with my non-injured hand . 
 thayer walks away quickly , and i use the time to catch my breath . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 i do n't go around dropping glasses , even in the middle of the night . 
 does he know i 'm being extra clumsy because of him ? 
 can he tell how i 'm starting to feel ? 
 how am i starting to feel ? 
 i still have n't answered his text about sorbet . 
 i tell myself it 's because i want to keep him on his toes , but really , i have n't decided how to respond . 
 i 'm realizing that the usual rules of flirting do n't necessarily apply with thayer . 
 a moment later , thayer reappears with a first-aid kit in hand . 
 he pulls out a thick square of gauze and holds it firmly against my palm , leading me gently to the kitchen table to sit down . 
 `` keep the pressure on while i clean up , '' he says . 
 `` thanks , '' i mumble . 
 `` no problem , '' thayer says over his shoulder as he wipes off the countertop , picking up the larger shards of glass and tossing them in a garbage bag . 
 `` i should n't have scared you like that . 
 what are you doing up ? '' 
 `` a dream woke me , i guess , '' i say . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 i look away , shy . 
 i do n't usually talk about my birth mom with guys . 
 or with anyone , for that matter . 
 thayer ties off the plastic bag and loops it around the doorknob of the door leading to the mudroom . 
 then he grabs the first-aid kit and takes a seat next to me at the table , sliding my chair out and tilting it so that we 're facing each other . 
 i inhale , feeling the air charged and alive between us , and he leans in to me . 
 gently , he takes my injured hand and stretches it out , removing the gauze and placing it aside , on the table . 
 `` this is going to sting , '' he warns , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 he tears open an antiseptic wipe and runs it across my cut . 
 i shiver from the quick , sharp burn . 
 then he lifts my palm to his face and blows lightly . 
 i shiver again . 
 this time , i think it has more to do with thayer than the cut . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 thayer asks softly . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say , wincing . 
 `` i do n't mean from the cut , '' he says . 
 `` i mean about ... your dream . 
 whatever woke you up . 
 you seem ... '' he trails off , perhaps not able to find the words . 
 `` i was dreaming about my mother , '' i blurt suddenly . 
 `` my real mother , i mean . 
 you know i 'm adopted , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 if thayer can tell i 'm nervous , he does n't react . 
 he just peels the backing off a large band-aid , fixing it tightly over my cut . 
 then he balls my hand into a fist , cupping it in his own , putting pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding . 
 his strong grip comforts me , and i continue . 
 `` i do that , sometimes-dream about her . 
 it wakes me up every time . 
 except , it 's not really her , even-not that i 'd really know . 
 i have no memories of her . 
 and it was a closed adoption , so my parents-the mercers , i mean-won ' t talk about it . '' 
 for a moment , the kitchen is still , the low hum of the air-conditioning the only sound other than my own and thayer 's breathing . 
 when a few more seconds pass and thayer does n't say anything , i start to panic . 
 maybe i shared too much . 
 maybe he does n't want to hear my lame dreams or angst about my birth parents . 
 it 's not something i like to think about myself . 
 i do n't even write the feelings down in my journal . 
 but then thayer squeezes my hand more tightly . 
 `` that must be hard , '' he says simply . 
 a rush of emotion washes over me . 
 it is the best thing , the only thing , really , to say . 
 `` do you hope to meet her someday ? '' 
 thayer asks . 
 i consider this . 
 astonishingly , it 's a question no one has ever asked me . 
 `` i think so , '' i say . 
 `` i mean , there 's part of me that 's really angry at her , of course-every adopted kid feels that way , probably . 
 i want to know why she gave me up , why she could n't keep me . '' 
 `` maybe she had a good reason . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` but more than that , i 'd just like to see her . 
 talk to her . 
 figure out if we even have anything in common . '' 
 suddenly , i feel tears blinking at the corners of my eyes . 
 i swallow hard , horribly embarrassed . 
 i am not going to cry around thayer . 
 i give an exaggerated shrug . 
 `` anyway , whatever . 
 you asked what i was dreaming about , so there you have it . '' 
 `` thanks for telling me , '' thayer says . 
 then he takes a breath . 
 `` i 'm not a great sleeper , either . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` insomnia , mostly . 
 but i used to sleepwalk , '' he confesses , looking sheepish . 
 `` it used to freak my parents out so badly . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` well , once they came downstairs to find me sitting up on the couch in the den , remote control in hand , with an infomercial blaring . '' 
 `` and you do n't remember it ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` nope . 
 i was sound asleep . '' 
 i cuff him on the arm . 
 `` they 're just lucky you did n't order anything . 
 they could 've gotten stuck with a whole bunch of snuggies . '' 
 `` or life alert alarms , '' thayer jokes . 
 `` or those infrared flashlights that show you where your cats and dogs peed on the carpet , '' i add . 
 we both snicker , and i 'm grateful to thayer for turning the conversation away from my mother and lightening the mood . 
 when he pulls his hand away from mine , i realize i miss its warmth . 
 then i ask , `` where 's the weirdest place you 've ever woken up ? '' 
 `` in the bathtub , with the water running , '' he answers without any hesitation . 
 `` i was twelve , and my parents lost it , thinking i might drown one day . 
 my dad threatened to take me to one of those sleep specialists and run tests . 
 you know-with the electrodes and the monitoring , like you 're some kind of lab rat . 
 i was n't into it . '' 
 his eyes darken . 
 `` he was so , so angry . '' 
 `` he was worried , '' i say diplomatically . 
 thayer sniffs . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 i do n't say anything more , but i think i know what thayer is getting at . 
 this one time , mr. vega flipped out at madeline because she was walking around the neighborhood barefoot . 
 not because he was worried that she 'd step on something sharp , but because of what the neighbors would think . 
 i 'm not saying he was n't concerned about thayer drowning in the bathtub , of course , but i wonder if some of his anger was because the whole thing was an added complication , an annoyance , an oddity , for him . 
 `` parents are weird , are n't they ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 thayer nods . 
 `` you said it . '' 
 we look at each other like we have a special sort of understanding . 
 i want to reach out , to brush a hand across the sharp angles of his cheekbones , to tilt his gaze back to me . 
 or , at the very least , grab his hand and squeeze it tight . 
 but i realize i 'm scared . 
 what if he pulls away ? 
 what if he laughs ? 
 `` so do you still sleepwalk ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nah . '' 
 thayer shakes his head . 
 `` i grew out of it , i guess . 
 but i still have anxiety dreams all the time . 
 my big one is showing at up school and realizing i 'm in my underwear . '' 
 `` that one 's a classic . '' 
 `` do you dream about that , too ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , i have other recurring dreams . '' 
 `` about ... ? '' 
 you , i almost say , then stop myself . 
 but thayer gazes at me as though he 's reading my mind . 
 all of a sudden , he twines his feet around the legs of my chair and shifts me toward him . 
 i ca n't help but gasp , but i say nothing , and i certainly do n't move away . 
 we 're so close now i 'm enveloped in his clean , grassy scent . 
 i stare at him , and he stares back . 
 there 's a rushing sound in my ears , perhaps the noise of blood pumping quickly through my veins . 
 i struggle not to freak out completely . 
 `` so , are you going to nisha 's party tomorrow night ? '' 
 i ask casually . 
 thayer looks startled for a moment , as though he did n't expect the question . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 probably . 
 why-do you want me to go ? '' 
 i open my mouth , then shut it again . 
 of course i do . 
 but the idea of saying it fills me with jitters . 
 it makes me feel needy , uncool , way off center . 
 `` well , i do n't care either way , '' i say lightly , though my voice cracks at the end . 
 `` but , um , i think my sister does . 
 i think she might have a crush on you . '' 
 i arch an eyebrow , waiting for his reaction , anything to suggest that he might return her feelings . 
 thayer does n't flinch . 
 a slow grin breaks out across his beautiful face . 
 he tilts his head so close to mine we 're practically breathing the same air . 
 `` do you really want to talk about laurel right now ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 my mouth drops open in shock . 
 `` um , '' i say , but then my mind goes blank . 
 is he going to kiss me ? 
 his confidence is intoxicating . 
 i look away , my heart thudding like a hammer against my ribs . 
 thayer reaches up and sweeps my hair back off of my shoulders . 
 `` um , '' he teases , angling my face toward his . 
 so it is going to happen . 
 i lower my eyes and inch toward him . 
 thayer 's rough hand grazes my forehead lightly . 
 i hold my breath , excited and expectant , as our faces move closer , and ... `` thayer ? '' 
 for the second time since waking up , i jump . 
 thayer shoots away from me and stands up . 
 laurel looms in the doorway , her arms crossed over her chest . 
 there 's an inscrutable expression on her face , and i wonder how long she 's been standing there . 
 `` i was wondering what was taking so long , '' laurel says after a moment . 
 thayer 's cheeks redden . 
 he hitches up his jeans and points to the first-aid kit on the table . 
 `` sutton broke a glass . 
 i was helping her clean up . '' 
 his gaze is only on laurel , not me . 
 i shift away , staring at my bandaged hand . 
 all of a sudden , the prospect of kissing thayer seems unthinkable , impossible . 
 maybe he 'd never intended to do it at all-maybe he was just screwing with me . 
 and he moved away from me like a slingshot , as though he was horrified at the idea that laurel would catch us together . 
 does he find me that unkissable ? 
 whatever , i think . 
 i rise from my chair and snatch the first-aid kit from the table . 
 `` thanks for your help , thayer , '' i say coolly . 
 then i turn to laurel . 
 `` have fun in your little clubhouse , '' i snap . 
 i flounce past them and down the hall , shoulders thrown back . 
 i want to turn around and see if thayer is staring , but i do n't dare . 
 on my way up the stairs , i tell myself sternly : it was nothing . 
 you do n't have feelings for thayer . 
 you do n't have feelings for thayer . 
 but no matter how many times i repeat it , it feels like , for the very first time , i 'm lying to myself . 
 9 a total waste of a pedicure on thursday evening , as the settling dusk paints the sky a brilliant , streaky watercolor of pink , orange , and yellow , charlotte , madeline , and i jam into my vintage volvo , floyd , and head to nisha 's party . 
 i grip the steering wheel tightly and accelerate through the turns . 
 the air smells of cut grass and charcoal grills , and sabino canyon and the catalina mountains rise large and beautiful in front of me . 
 finally , i turn onto nisha 's street , the wind tickling my cheek almost playfully . 
 i grin and crank up the volume on the radio as a jay-z remix comes on . 
 madeline lets out a whoop . 
 charlotte sticks her head out the window like a dog , then pulls it back in when she realizes it 's messing up her hair . 
 `` tonight 's going to be key for operation loverboy-i can just feel it ! '' 
 charlotte squeals next to me , breaking into a little impromptu shimmy in her seat . 
 her turquoise dangle earrings sway back and forth , and the heady , cloying scent of prada candy that she 's doused herself in wafts my way . 
 `` operation what ? '' 
 i ask , shooting her a stern look . 
 `` operation loverboy , '' charlotte repeats . 
 `` you know . 
 you and thayer , sitting in a tree ? '' 
 we pull along the curb a few houses down from nisha 's low , spanish-style ranch-being fashionably late means losing out on the best parking spots , unfortunately . 
 as i kill the ignition , i shoot char daggers . 
 `` i thought i told you not to call it that . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 charlotte waves a hand at me dismissively . 
 `` i do n't care what we call it . 
 i just want to do it . 
 tonight 's the night , sutton . 
 you look super-hot . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 my stomach is jumping , but maybe it 's because i 've hardly eaten all day . 
 i check my reflection in the rearview mirror , and i have to say , char is right . 
 my hair cascades down my shoulders in soft waves . 
 the red-and-white printed silk halter top brings out the rosiness in my skin and the green flecks in my eyes . 
 and my smile is bigger and wobblier than usual because , well , i 'm excited . 
 ready for the possibility of ... possibility . 
 i ca n't remember the last time i went to this much trouble for a guy , cared so much , fussed so badly over every single diorshow-coated eyelash and every last strand of hair . 
 but after last night i just ca n't ignore these feelings . 
 they 're front and center . 
 huge letters on a marquee . 
 the first thought i have when i go to sleep and wake up . 
 i ca n't believe it myself , but , yeah : i 'm into him . 
 for real . 
 and now i need to know , once and for all , if he 's into me . 
 what that means for my friends , the other kids at school ... laurel , i have no idea . 
 but i ca n't worry about that just yet-i have to figure it out with thayer first . 
 we get out of the car . 
 across the street , two little girls dressed exactly alike are perched on matching bicycles , pedaling around their driveway . 
 the grosgrain ribbons in their pigtails are perfectly coordinated to the piping on their bicycle baskets , and their sandals are the exact same shade of bubble gum pink . 
 laurel and i used to dress like that , back when we were friends and had less control over our wardrobe . 
 a wave of guilt washes over me as i consider how far apart we 've grown , and what i may do tonight . 
 steal thayer from her . 
 if i can . 
 but i need to keep up the front for a little while longer , because if thayer does n't like me ... i hold back a shudder . 
 `` you guys , you should have been there last night , in the kitchen , '' i say to my friends as we head down the sidewalk . 
 `` i 'm telling you , thayer 's , like , in love with me , big-time . 
 i 'm going to ask him on a picnic for tomorrow night . 
 i 'll seal the deal there . '' 
 `` sweet , '' charlotte chirps . 
 `` he deserves it , '' mads adds . 
 i throw back my shoulders confidently as we stride up nisha 's driveway . 
 bass pounds from the backyard . 
 kids stand on the front lawn , too , and , not surprisingly , every boy we pass stares at us . 
 as i turn around to lock floyd , i even see a curtain flutter next door . 
 if i 'm not mistaken , it 's ethan landry 's house . 
 why does n't he just come tonight ? 
 it 's not like he 's bad-looking-he could totally hang out at a party if he acted normal . 
 suddenly , i 'm bombarded by voices : `` sutton ! 
 you look ah-mazing ! '' 
 `` is that top thakoon ? '' 
 then i hear the distinctive , electronic click of an iphone camera and look up . 
 gabby and lili beam at me , phones in hand . 
 i extend my palm . 
 `` girls , no pictures of me in twitter-land without my permission . '' 
 gabby peers at the screen , then presents the photo to me for approval . 
 i take in the image of myself on the sidewalk . 
 my smile is wide and surprised . 
 but i look a little nervous , too . 
 a little , dare i say , in love . 
 lili is already tapping away furiously . 
 `` thank god you guys are here . 
 making a grand entrance , as usual . '' 
 then she glances at charlotte . 
 `` oh . 
 garrett was looking for you . '' 
 charlotte smiles coolly . 
 `` whatev . 
 it never hurts to keep a guy waiting . '' 
 but even as she says it , she 's rising on her tiptoes to pick him out of the crowd . 
 i want to make fun of her , but then i remember garrett showing up on my porch the other day with that weird story about the phone . 
 i 'd forgotten to mention it to her-or maybe i did n't want to . 
 i only hope garrett does n't say anything , either . 
 char might think i was deliberately hiding it or something . 
 we enter the living room , which is spacious and decorated in stylish neutrals . 
 a cluster of tiny tea lights twinkle from a marble console table , and the smell of gardenia mixed with beer envelops me . 
 almost all of my classmates are here-at least , the ones who should be here , chatting eagerly and enjoying the very last gasp of summer . 
 starling russe , who 's on the tennis team , spots me and waves broadly , brandishing a giant plastic red cup . 
 the florid hue of her pert nose tells me that whatever she 's drinking , it 's not her first . 
 there are discarded red plastic cups on the floor , a bunch of chips spilled on the table , and a splash of something suspicious on one of the walls . 
 the music is so loud it 's making everything vibrate . 
 `` did we miss anything good ? '' 
 madeline asks gabby loudly , craning her neck to take in everything at once . 
 gabby rolls her eyes . 
 `` not really . 
 nisha 's freaking , though . 
 i guess she assumed we were going to keep this place spotless or something . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` she 's wound so tight . '' 
 then i spy nisha at the foot of the stairs , holding court among a cluster of other girls from the team . 
 but she does n't look stressed to me . 
 she 's gesticulating lavishly and tossing her glossy dark ponytail over one shoulder . 
 several of the tennis girls glance my way and wave , but nisha just gives me a snottily arched eyebrow . 
 whatever . 
 my presence here makes the party , and she knows it . 
 i continue surveying the room . 
 there 's jeff katz from the football team , and greg richter , the actually cool class president . 
 a couple of senior girls dressed in bcbg frocks stand impassively by the sliding-glass doors , glancing at their phones . 
 my gaze sweeps across the faces again and again , but then i realize : thayer is n't anywhere . 
 is it possible he did n't come ? 
 i lean over to madeline . 
 `` it 's too hot in here . 
 i 'm gon na get a drink and head to the backyard . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` good luck finding my brother . '' 
 i freeze , wondering if i 've somehow given myself away . 
 does she know how i feel ? 
 does she realize that for me , it 's not a prank anymore ? 
 but madeline is smiling at me excitedly without a trace of guile in her expression . 
 i breathe out , feeling drunk even though i have n't had a sip of anything yet . 
 suddenly , i really do need to get outside to cool down . 
 i push through pockets of people , making my way through the house . 
 the kitchen is where the crowd is thickest , kids milling around an overflowing keg , draped across the punch-stained kitchen table , and perched , legs swinging , on the limestone countertop . 
 garrett works the pump for a throng of beefy jocks , though he does n't hold a cup of beer himself . 
 i debate getting his attention to let him know that charlotte 's arrived , but i quickly decide against it . 
 he might think i deliberately sought him out . 
 then a wave of polo cologne almost knocks me on my butt . 
 `` hey , sutton , looking good , '' says a voice , and a freckled , green-eyed face pops up into my field of view . 
 it 's aidan grove , my five-second summer crush . 
 now he 's looking at me eagerly , like tonight might be the night for us . 
 but he 's not who i 'm here for . 
 `` hey , aidan , '' i say distractedly , glancing over his shoulder into the backyard . 
 where is that messy dark hair , those twinkling hazel eyes ? 
 what if thayer decides not to come ? 
 i think of the conversation we had in the middle of the night . 
 are you going to nisha 's ? 
 probably . 
 why , do you want me to go ? 
 `` so how 's your summer been ? '' 
 aidan asks . 
 `` looking forward to going back to hollier ? '' 
 `` uh , sure , '' i say , my eyes still on the crowd . 
 then i have an epiphany : maybe thayer is running late , later than me . 
 which is infuriating , because i timed our arrival for maximum impact , but maybe thayer knows how to beat me at my own game . 
 i reach into my bag and pull out my cell . 
 maybe he texted . 
 but i can see right away that my home screen wallpaper is completely undisturbed . 
 a recent snapshot of charlotte , madeline , and me greets me brightly , unmarred by a text bubble or missed call notification . 
 `` how 's your tennis game this year ? '' 
 aidan asks . 
 i look up , astonished he 's still standing there . 
 `` uh , you know . '' 
 `` you want a beer ? '' 
 i barely mumble a response . 
 my insides feel like they 're on fire . 
 i have never been so completely confounded by a member of the opposite sex . 
 i have never not been the one to call the shots . 
 whatever 's going on with thayer , it 's totally unfamiliar and new . 
 and honestly ? 
 it 's kind of thrilling . 
 my excitement must show on my face , because aidan 's mouth turns up at the corners . 
 `` i 'll get you a beer , then ! '' 
 he says emphatically . 
 `` let 's party ! '' 
 i place a hand on his shoulder , cutting him off . 
 `` uh , on second thought , i 'm cool . 
 i think i see madeline outside , '' i say , nodding toward the back door . 
 `` i have to ask her about something . '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` is n't that madeline right there ? '' 
 he points behind me , and lo and behold , there 's madeline talking to finn hadley , the very idiot that ditched her for the au pair earlier this summer . 
 if i were n't so preoccupied , i 'd march over there and give her a stern talking-to . 
 i turn back to aidan . 
 `` um , i just need ... '' i offer him an apologetic smile and push past him to the door . 
 who cares if i do n't have a good excuse ? 
 aidan is history . 
 there are fewer kids outside , and the sound of crickets and the dull buzz of conversation meld together in a pleasant hum . 
 the night air is cool , and the damp , dewy grass tickles at my toes through my strappy wedge sandals . 
 i inhale the scent of the warm summer evening , flavored by the scent of woodsmoke a few houses down . 
 and then , from across the lawn , i see a rustling of the hedges as the gate from the front drive swings open . 
 a boy steps through and onto the back patio . 
 my breath catches in my throat . 
 thayer . 
 my heart hammers as he saunters through the gate , his thick hair still damp from a shower . 
 one curl falls messily across his forehead . 
 he wears a short-sleeved button-down that hangs perfectly on his solid frame and jeans that outline his muscular legs . 
 `` thayer , '' i call out , raising one hand to wave . 
 but then , when my gaze locks on the figure behind him , i lower my hand immediately . 
 the girl shuts the latch of the wooden gate and trots forward to take thayer 's hand . 
 her grasp is possessive and showy . 
 he 's mine , it says . 
 all mine . 
 i take a big step back , hoping , praying , he has n't heard me call his name . 
 and as the two of them step into the light , i get a good look at that blond ponytail , that compact , trim-from-tennis frame , and the pair of james jeans she only bought because i had them . 
 and my stomach sinks to my feet . 
 the girl holding on to thayer for dear life is my sister . 
 laurel . 
 10 turnabout is fair play `` thayer ! 
 hey , man ! '' 
 i stand , rooted to the edge of nisha 's backyard , watching as thayer 's soccer buddies cluster around him greeting him eagerly . 
 it 's a lot of guy-ish back-slapping and understated head-nodding . 
 laurel remains by thayer 's side through every second , her eyes glued to his face . 
 when she 's forced to let go of his hand while he says hi to the team , she looks almost like a boat that 's drifted away from its slip . 
 she keeps a pale hand hovering near the small of his back and gazes up at him adoringly , possessively . 
 what i ca n't tell , though-and what 's seriously killing me right now-is whether thayer feels the same way about her . 
 i think about the idiotic , i-don ` t-want-to-reveal-my-feelings-so-i 'll - make-you-think-i-don ` t-care thing i said last night : i think laurel wants you to go . 
 she has a crush on you . 
 what if thayer took it to heart ? 
 what if they went back into the clubhouse last night and thayer confronted her about it ? 
 maybe laurel was like , yeah , i really like you . 
 do you like me ? 
 and thayer , thinking i would never like him , perhaps shrugged and said , totally . 
 let 's be a couple . 
 he never actually denied having feelings for her , after all . 
 and they were holding hands . 
 my head starts to spin . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm jealous of laurel-because of thayer . 
 everything about this night is totally inside out , and i only just got here . 
 `` sutton ! 
 here 's that beer ! '' 
 i whirl around . 
 aidan is coming toward me , holding a bottle in his hands . 
 there 's a hopeful expression on his face , meaning he completely missed my signals inside . 
 but maybe this is perfect timing . 
 i look back at thayer , who still has n't acknowledged my presence . 
 two can play at this game , i think . 
 there 's one way to discover exactly what thayer thinks of me : to feign interest in someone else . 
 it 's usually at the bottom of my bag of tricks , but i 'm seriously running out of options here . 
 i turn to aidan . 
 `` thank you soo much , '' i croon , taking the proffered beer from him and clinking my bottle against his . 
 `` cheers . '' 
 as i take a deep swig , i can almost feel the moment when thayer turns and locks eyes on me . 
 i peek over , and yes , he 's staring . 
 good . 
 but then he catches me looking and arches a questioning eyebrow in my direction . 
 not a jealous eyebrow . 
 not an envious , love struck expression . 
 it 's almost like he 's challenging me : c'mon , sutton . 
 i know you 're just doing this to make me jealous . 
 you 're such a silly girl . 
 i turn stiffly back to aidan and thrust my beer at him . 
 `` can you hold this for a second ? 
 i need to adjust my top . '' 
 `` sure , '' aidan says , and watches me as i reach up to my neck , untie the thin straps of the halter , and allow the fabric to pool ever so slightly so that just a bit more of my collarbone is exposed . 
 `` can you get my hair ? '' 
 i murmur to aidan . 
 `` uh ... '' aidan fumbles for a moment , then places both bottles awkwardly on an iron patio table . 
 he steps forward and lifts my hair so that i can retie my top . 
 his hands shake slightly . 
 i hope i 'm having the same effect on thayer , but i 'm not going to give him the satisfaction of looking over at him to check it out . 
 `` is that good ? '' 
 aidan asks . 
 `` that 's perfect , '' i purr , turning back to aidan and running a finger through my loose curls . 
 aidan laughs . 
 he grabs his beer and takes another sip . 
 i take a sip of mine , too . 
 finally , i ca n't stand it anymore . 
 i turn and look at thayer . 
 he 's standing in the same spot with the soccer guys , but his gaze is still on me . 
 when he sees me glancing his way , he raises a hand in a casual wave . 
 i whip my head back to aidan . 
 thayer is going to have to work much , much harder than that . 
 `` so , '' i say to aidan , sidling closer to him . 
 `` has anyone ever told you that you have amazing calf muscles ? '' 
 aidan turns pink . 
 `` oh , well , we run a lot in practice , i guess . '' 
 after thayer 's magnetic confidence , aidan 's nervousness feels like a letdown . 
 i wonder what i ever saw in him . 
 but i smile and purr , `` oh , i can tell . '' 
 encouraged by my response , aidan launches into a lecture about the various weight exercises he does to enhance his calves . 
 i sneak another glance at thayer , and my heart picks up speed . 
 he 's pushing through the crowd , heading right to me . 
 laurel has been left behind at the fence , and she looks bereft and slightly lost . 
 i feel a slight regretful twinge-even though laurel drives me crazy , she 's still my sister . 
 but what i feel for thayer is totally different than what i 've felt for anyone else . 
 all 's fair in love and war , right ? 
 i step closer to aidan , touching his forearm lightly . 
 `` want to dance ? '' 
 he grins broadly . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he takes my hand and leads me back into the house . 
 he steps through the threshold toward the humid , crowded air of the kitchen , and i turn , offering one last look over my shoulder at thayer . 
 his mouth is set in a thin , tight line , and his forehead is creased in frustration . 
 that 's how i know my plan is working . 
 11 you can dance if you want to the basement-level rec room of the banerjee house has been transformed into a makeshift dance floor . 
 the space is huge and finished in smooth , cream-colored stucco and adobe tiling , with moody , striking desert-scape photography adorning the walls . 
 the plush sectional sofas have been pushed aside to make room for the crush of bodies . 
 tea lights flicker down here , too , casting wavering shadows along the walls . 
 someone has queued an eighties dance playlist , and the room is frenzied , smelling of a sweaty mix of summery , floral perfumes . 
 it 's actually slightly suffocating , and i 'd rather be outside again in the cool , fresh night air , but dancing with aidan is the best way to fast-track my plan . 
 i glance around me as i lead aidan onto the dance floor . 
 thayer has n't come inside . 
 once again , i 'm tense . 
 did he decide i was n't worth it ? 
 aidan and i sway to some classic madonna-aidan doing more of a dorky knee-dip/head-bob thing-and i try to lose myself in the music , closing my eyes and feeling the rhythm . 
 but my mind is scattered in a million different directions . 
 what is thayer doing right now ? 
 has he gone back to laurel ? 
 i move closer to aidan , resting a hand on his hip flirtatiously and drawing his face in toward mine . 
 aidan grins and wraps his arms around my shoulders in response , resting his clasped hands lightly on the back of my neck . 
 we turn and twirl , navigating the crowded floor as people actually step aside for us . 
 until there 's a tap at aidan 's shoulder and we pause , mid-step . 
 i look up , and my heart soars . 
 two searing beautiful hazel eyes search mine . 
 `` mind if i cut in ? '' 
 thayer asks , his look implying that no is not an option . 
 the question is for me , not for aidan , and i ca n't bring myself to decline . 
 aidan puffs out his chest just like a male bird during mating season . 
 but something in thayer 's face makes him back down . 
 `` okay , '' he says reluctantly . 
 he looks at me . 
 `` another beer ? '' 
 `` thanks , aidan . '' 
 i offer him a sweet smile to smooth the moment over . 
 thayer moves toward me , and when he touches my hip , anticipation ripples down my spine . 
 the music switches from upbeat to a slow , languid ballad . 
 we exchange a glance , barely hesitating before melting into each other . 
 suddenly , everything feels utterly right . 
 he does like me . 
 i can feel it in his fast heartbeat , his shallow breathing , his sigh . 
 i inhale deeply , taking in thayer 's clean scent . 
 he places one hand on the small of my back , and my skin tingles . 
 i rest my fingers on his shoulders , tracing patterns against the strong , firm muscles of his back . 
 we pull away for a moment and stare at each other , both with small smiles on our faces . 
 we do n't speak . 
 there is no need to speak . 
 thayer leans in to whisper in my ear . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' he says softly . 
 his lips against my cheek make me shiver . 
 i nod slowly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he takes my hand and winds me through the crush of people again , upstairs and out the front door . 
 there is n't anyone else in the front yard , and we crunch through the gravel until we 're out of the porch lights . 
 a slight breeze blows the spiny branches of a mesquite tree , and stars glitter a psychedelic pattern against an obsidian backdrop . 
 halfway across the yard , thayer turns to me and puts his hands on my shoulders . 
 there 's a heartbreakingly gorgeous smile on his face , and suddenly , i feel silly for the games i 've played . 
 `` thayer , i 'm sorry , '' i start . 
 `` shh , '' he says . 
 he puts his finger to his lips , then moves forward to kiss me . 
 softly , at first , and then with more urgency . 
 i fold into him , wrapping my hands around his waist and pulling him toward me tightly . 
 his hands slide down my back as i rake my fingers through his messy waves . 
 his lips trace my earlobe , my jaw , my neck . 
 i moan , arching back and clutching him tighter . 
 i 've kissed other guys before , but nothing compares to this . 
 we do n't speak , just kiss and touch and breathe each other in . 
 we 're completely intertwined , like we 're the only two people who exist in the universe . 
 in fact , it 's almost like we 're one person , we 're so completely and utterly in tune with each other . 
 i never want to separate . 
 until i hear a rustle from the hedges . 
 and then a wicked cackle . 
 i shoot away . 
 that 's madeline 's laugh . 
 but before i can say anything , before i can stop them , charlotte and madeline are jumping out of the bushes , camera phones in hands , triumphant looks on their faces . 
 `` gotcha , thayer ! '' 
 they scream as the flashes go off . 
 12 surprise , surprise thayer and i blink in the flashes of light . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 char crows again . 
 `` you are so busted , thayer ! '' 
 madeline squeals . 
 thayer makes an annoyed face . 
 `` what the hell , guys ? '' 
 `` say cheese ! '' 
 madeline trills , taking another picture . 
 then she turns to charlotte and slaps her high five . 
 `` another lying game success ! '' 
 thayer squints . 
 `` lying game ? '' 
 he says it like he 's never heard of it before . 
 but i know he has . 
 i 'm sure laurel 's told him about it , if he did n't already know from school . 
 i feel paralyzed . 
 i want to somehow put on the brakes , make this all stop , but the words wo n't come out of my mouth . 
 everything is happening too fast . 
 madeline straightens and whirls toward me , her blue eyes shining like gemstones . 
 `` sorry we interrupted before you had a chance to invite him to the picnic , sutton , '' she says . 
 `` but when we saw you guys dancing , we knew you were going to seal the deal tonight . 
 we just could n't hold back . '' 
 thayer looks at me . 
 `` seal the deal ? 
 what are they talking about ? '' 
 madeline puts her hand on her hip . 
 `` what do you think we 're talking about , thayer ? '' 
 charlotte guffaws . 
 `` you do n't think sutton would actually go for you , do you ? '' 
 dark realization dawns on thayer 's chiseled features . 
 he stares at me , his eyes wide . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` i ... '' it comes out of me like a burp . 
 just say it , i tell myself . 
 just tell your friends that you really wanted to kiss him . 
 but my mouth ca n't form the words . 
 the moment i say it , my friends will lose all respect for me . 
 what was i thinking , dancing with thayer for real , for keeps , in front of everyone ? 
 how could i have thought they 'd just accept this ? 
 and it 's all my fault . 
 if i 'd have fought harder to stop the prank , this would n't have happened . 
 even if i 'd had to pull back from thayer , pretend i did n't like him , at least it would be better than this . 
 charlotte gasps . 
 `` oh my god . 
 he really fell for it ! 
 he actually thought she liked him ! '' 
 `` this is better than we imagined , '' madeline says . 
 `` you really thought you were so hot that the most popular girl in school would want to go out with you ? '' 
 thayer steps back as though we 've punched him . 
 `` sutton , is this true ? '' 
 a wave of nausea ripples through me . 
 no , i want to say . 
 of course not . 
 but then my stomach lurches . 
 i know what i have to do . 
 i have no choice . 
 i thrust my hands into my pockets and work to keep my voice steady . 
 `` it was a prank , thayer , '' i hiss , mustering up every bit of scorn i possibly can . 
 `` you needed to be knocked down a few pegs . 
 you can thank us later . '' 
 thayer 's brows knit together . 
 he balls his hands into fists . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding me ? '' 
 `` nope ! '' 
 charlotte crows gleefully . 
 he staggers backward , almost barreling into a cactus . 
 `` so , everything we talked about ? 
 that moment we had at your house ? 
 those texts ? 
 none of it was true ? '' 
 i ca n't even look at him . 
 `` no . '' 
 thayer shakes his head slowly . 
 `` god , sutton . 
 you 're an even bigger bitch than everyone says . '' 
 i feel dizzy , the air rushing from my lungs . 
 i know what people say about me , of course . 
 i know what they think . 
 it 's just , i do n't care about their opinions . 
 only thayer 's . 
 `` it 's okay , baby bro , '' madeline singsongs . 
 `` we can find you someone more your speed . 
 maybe a middle schooler ? '' 
 but thayer barely hears her . 
 he 's still staring at me . 
 `` that would be better than getting involved with you , '' thayer says , his voice thick with disgust . 
 `` have you ever been honest a day in your life ? '' 
 inside , i reel , but my expression is totally controlled . 
 `` with guys i like , thayer . 
 not with you . '' 
 thayer 's face contorts into an ugly grimace , and he whirls around , kicking clouds of dust up from the gravel of the banerjee front drive as he runs into the middle of the street . 
 a lump forms in my chest . 
 i want to follow him . 
 i want to fix this . 
 but with my friends standing here , watching me , i ca n't . 
 charlotte cackles , doubling over . 
 `` oh my god , mads , i think he 's actually crying . '' 
 still giggling , madeline straightens up and claps me on the shoulder . 
 `` that . 
 was . 
 amazing . 
 good work , sutton . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' i say woodenly . 
 `` i ca n't wait to send that picture around , '' charlotte exclaims . 
 `` we knew you could bag him , '' madeline says . 
 and then my best friends link arms with me , one on either side , and lead me back to the party . 
 not that i 'm in the mood for it anymore . 
 right now , there 's only one thought running through my mind : what did i just do ? 
 13 regrets only `` sutton , can you please stop bogarting the twizzlers ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 oh , sure . 
 sorry . '' 
 i idly pass the giant bag of strawberry licorice across the couch to charlotte . 
 it 's later that same night , and we 're back in madeline 's family room . 
 we stayed at the party for a while after the `` prank '' was exposed , and i went through the motions as best as i could , but i ca n't get thayer-and that devastated look on his face-out of my mind . 
 i did n't see him again at the party , not that i would have known what to do or to say to him if i had . 
 there 's part of me that does n't want to be here at all . 
 i 'd rather be home , snuggled up with scooby-doo , thinking about how it felt to kiss thayer-and how i could fix everything that happened tonight . 
 thayer must have come home earlier than we did , and we have n't heard a peep from his room since we got here . 
 still , traces of him permeate the vegas ' media room : a battered copy of spin sitting on the sleek , mid-century modern coffee table , a row of slightly tarnished soccer trophies locked in a tall glass cabinet , a key chain tossed in a decorative bowl with the hollier high logo . 
 thayer is all around me . 
 too bad he wants nothing to do with me now . 
 then madeline shoots up . 
 `` charlotte , be careful with the diet coke ! 
 if you spill on the leather sofa , my dad is going to kill me . '' 
 something in her tone suggests that it 's not an exaggeration . 
 `` god , sorry . '' 
 charlotte sets her glass on a coaster on the coffee table . 
 `` we should n't be drinking soda , anyway-we should have champagne to celebrate the smashing success of the first lying game prank of the season ! '' 
 `` done and done , '' madeline says . 
 `` and maybe it 'll give us some inspiration for the back-to-school prank . 
 as long as we 're on a roll . '' 
 then she rises and pads to the mad men-style hutch that stands adjacent to the oversized flat-screen tv on the far side of the room . 
 she slides the cabinet doors open and pokes around inside it , her bun bobbing up and down lightly as she hunts . 
 after a moment , she emerges , triumphantly brandishing a half-full bottle of absolut . 
 `` will vodka do ? '' 
 `` absolut-ly , '' charlotte trills , but i ca n't even muster the energy to roll my eyes at her nerdiness . 
 madeline dips into the kitchen , returning with three clean glasses stacked in the crook of her arm and a carton of orange juice tucked under her chin , somehow managing to make the awkward juggling act look graceful . 
 `` we 'll save the champagne for after the back-to-school prank . 
 like a grand finale . 
 this is just a warm-up . '' 
 she winks , heavy lashes fluttering against her alabaster cheek . 
 she pours three generous cocktails , vodka sloshing over the sides of the glasses , which she hastily wipes with the hem of her gray calvin klein ribbed tank top . 
 she passes two of the drinks to charlotte and me . 
 we each take one and raise our arms , clinking glasses . 
 i will the corners of my mouth into the most convincing smile i can manage . 
 my face feels stiff , like a carnival mask . 
 `` cheers , '' i mumble . 
 `` to the lying game ! '' 
 madeline toasts , brimming with enthusiasm . 
 she fixes her sparkling blue eyes on me . 
 `` seriously , sutton , your work was inspired . 
 thank you so much for putting thayer in his place for me . '' 
 she sounds intensely sincere . 
 almost alarmingly so . 
 `` do n't mention it , '' i say , waving a hand at her dismissively . 
 my stomach flips over just thinking about the look on thayer 's face before he darted off . 
 `` honestly , you 're the master . 
 the queen of the lying game , '' charlotte praises . 
 she sounds more than a little bit awestruck , and that lump rises in the back of my throat again . 
 i choke down a swallow of my drink , the acidic tang of the vodka burning on the way down . 
 `` flattery will get you everywhere , ladies , '' i say , as breezily as i can . 
 `` but please-the queen is tired from a hard night 's work . 
 can we just watch the movie and not talk ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 of course , '' madeline agrees . 
 she scrambles for the titanic blu-ray she pulled from her overstocked media shelf and slides it into the dvd player . 
 the machine blinks and whirs as it powers on and clicks into gear . 
 `` just as long as you do n't expect us to feed you grapes and fan you , '' charlotte grumbles , smiling good-naturedly . 
 she takes another healthy gulp of her drink , sighing contentedly . 
 `` you know you would if i asked you to , '' i quip . 
 i 'm acting like my old self , but my heart 's not in it . 
 in fact , i think i left it somewhere back on nisha 's front lawn , or buried deep in the crags of sabino canyon . 
 even as the movie cues up and leo 's boyish face fills the enormous screen , i ca n't stop thinking about thayer . 
 the look in his eyes as his expression crumbled . 
 the disgust on his face as he realized he 'd been a lying game target . 
 and ... that kiss . 
 more than anything , that kiss . 
 it was incredible ; toe-curling , earth-shattering , monumental . 
 it was like no other kiss i 'd experienced in my life . 
 and i 'm not exactly a novice when it comes to kissing boys . 
 why could n't i date a younger guy ? 
 what would really be so bad about that ? 
 i weigh the idea in my mind , considering all of the angles . 
 okay , so maybe my friends would make fun of me . 
 maybe definitely , fine . 
 but probably not for long , right ? 
 they 'd tease me in the beginning , of course , but once they got used to the idea , maybe they 'd even think it was cool . 
 who knows-maybe i 'd start a trend somehow , setting off a rash of cougars on the prowl in the halls of hollier . 
 the thing is , being with thayer might make me really ... happy . 
 and i think i might deserve that . 
 i think my friends would agree . 
 and after that kiss , maybe i do n't really care what they think . 
 maybe i just want thayer . 
 the opening credits of the movie roll and the imposing orchestral sound track swells , filling the room . 
 suddenly i ca n't sit still for a second longer . 
 it 's like ants are crawling over every exposed surface of my skin . 
 i leap up from the sofa , ignoring the startled looks charlotte and madeline shoot my way . 
 `` i , uh , need to use the bathroom , '' i mumble , wandering down the hall . 
 `` do you want us to pause it ? '' 
 madeline calls after me , sounding confused . 
 `` no , it 's fine , '' i call back . 
 `` i know the whole thing by heart . '' 
 i tiptoe past the bathroom and make my way stealthily down the hall . 
 i 'm not sure exactly what i 'm doing , but almost unconsciously , i find myself at the door to thayer 's bedroom . 
 a light glows from beneath it , and my heart jumps . 
 i have no idea what i 'll say to him ... but i have to say something . 
 i knock lightly , shifting my weight nervously from one foot to the other . 
 but there 's no answer . 
 i knock again , quickly , and when it 's still silent inside , i cautiously push the door open . 
 i 'm greeted with a gust of fresh air from an open window , but no thayer . 
 a worn-in navy hoodie lies rumpled across his unmade bed , and i 'm tempted to run to it and rub it between my fingers , to breathe it in and slip it on over my tank top . 
 it would be almost like having his arms around me again . 
 surveying the room , i realize that thayer 's computer is still on , casting an eerie glow across his desk . 
 an open im window blinks beckoningly on the screen . 
 heading over , it says . 
 the message is for my sister . 
 my blood runs cold . 
 he 's gone to see laurel ? 
 he 's going to tell her what happened tonight , and she 'll console him ... and then what ? 
 it 's obvious she 's totally in love with him . 
 and they 're so close . 
 just because they have n't been romantic yet does n't mean they never will . 
 i back out of his bedroom and retrace my steps toward the kitchen , taking care not to make any noise . 
 forget the sleepover . 
 forget my friends . 
 i have to find thayer . 
 i have to talk to him , to apologize , to explain , to make him understand ... as quietly as i can manage , i unlock the latch on the back door and slip out into the night . 
 the chirping of crickets and the rush of the wind in the leaves spur me on . 
 before i can take another step , i hear a voice . 
 `` sutton . '' 
 my name sounds low and throaty , slightly choked . 
 and i 'd recognize the voice blindfolded . 
 i could n't forget it if i wanted to . 
 i 've been thinking about it all night . 
 it 's thayer . 
 14 just between us at the sight of thayer standing there , bathed in moonlight , my legs go weak and wobbly . 
 the air is fragrant and thick with the scent of acacia blooms , and a light breeze rustles the cool night air . 
 somewhere in the distance , a dog howls mournfully . 
 `` thayer ! '' 
 i cry . 
 before i can stop myself , i rush toward him , arms outstretched for an embrace . 
 but as i reach for him , he steps back , his eyes cold and flat . 
 his face is devoid of emotion , which is almost worse than if he looked at me with hatred or disgust . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i insist . 
 `` the prank was n't my idea . 
 and it is n't what you think . '' 
 it 's cold out here in the wind , and goose bumps break out across my bare arms . 
 i rub my hands over my forearms , trying to warm myself . 
 but i ca n't reach that cold pit in the base of my stomach . 
 i blink , feeling my eyes well with emotion . 
 thayer 's eyes flicker across my body , making me shiver even harder . 
 his jaw is set and his posture is rigid . 
 `` i should n't be surprised , i guess , '' he snaps , raising his head and gazing over my shoulder into the distance . 
 `` you guys are the lying game . 
 i was just the idiot who acted like a sucker . '' 
 he laughs once , a short , bitter chuckle . 
 `` i ca n't believe how gullible i was . '' 
 `` thayer , no , '' i plead . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 i did n't want to prank you , i swear . 
 i was lying to my friends , '' i admit , winding a strand of hair around my index finger . 
 `` that kiss ... that was real for me . 
 honest . '' 
 `` and i 'm supposed to believe you now ? '' 
 i bite my lip . 
 `` i do n't blame you if you do n't . 
 but ... hear me out , okay ? 
 i 'm the most popular girl at hollier . 
 i have best friends who think i 'm awesome . 
 and compared to how i 'm treated at home , it 's kind of an amazing feeling . '' 
 he sniffs . 
 `` how are you treated at home ? '' 
 `` sort of ... second best , i guess . 
 like i do n't belong there . '' 
 thayer lowers his chin . 
 `` i 've never seen any evidence of that . '' 
 `` well , real or not , it 's how i feel , '' i say . 
 `` maybe it 's just my paranoia about being adopted getting the best of me . 
 but thayer , it 's why i 'm so afraid of losing my friends . 
 that 's all i was worried about , that 's why i did n't stop the prank and why i did n't tell the truth when they caught us . 
 i did n't want them laughing at me . 
 but then i realized how stupid that was . 
 like , unbelievably stupid . 
 i should get to decide who i like . '' 
 i swallow hard , then raise my eyes to his . 
 `` and i like you . '' 
 there . 
 i said it . 
 there 's no going back now . 
 but i 'm still too terrified to really look at thayer . 
 `` you do n't have to forgive me or like me back . 
 i understand if you want someone who 's always been good to you , like laurel . 
 but i thought i 'd let you know how i really felt . 
 you asked me if i 've ever been honest a day in my life , and with you , i do feel honest . 
 and i 'm telling you something honest now . '' 
 then i turn away , embarrassed by my little speech . 
 i 've made it almost the whole way around before i feel thayer 's hand on my shoulder . 
 he spins me back toward him . 
 there 's a serious look on his face , and for a moment , i ca n't tell if he 's angry or not . 
 he takes my hands and squeezes them hard . 
 `` i like you , too , sutton , '' he says . 
 my heart skips a happy beat , but quickly lurches to a stop when i see his pained expression . 
 something is very , very wrong . 
 he untangles his fingers from my own . 
 `` i 'm just not sure it 's such a good idea for us to date publicly . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 thayer sighs , running his fingers through his hair so that it stands up like an exclamation point on top of his head . 
 `` it 's complicated , '' he says finally . 
 i feel like i 've just been slipped some sort of mind-altering drug . 
 `` well , of course it 's complicated , '' i say . 
 `` it 's complicated for me , too . 
 but why for you , exactly ? 
 because you 're mads 's brother ? 
 because of laurel ? '' 
 thayer meets my eyes , unblinking . 
 `` that 's part of it , i guess . 
 there are a lot of factors involved . '' 
 he looks away . 
 `` i 've never met anyone like you , sutton . 
 but you also kind of scare me . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 my voice quavers . 
 he pauses to think . 
 `` it 's like you 're two different suttons , '' he says , his speech slow , deliberate . 
 off in the distance , a car alarm shrieks . 
 `` the sutton i saw the other night , in your kitchen , was incredible : funny , and warm , and honest . '' 
 he emphasizes the word , making me cringe . 
 `` i feel like that sutton just ... gets me . 
 believe it or not , i do n't go around telling people about my sleepwalking . '' 
 `` i do n't ever tell anybody about my dreams , '' i respond , my voice soft . 
 `` right , '' he agrees . 
 `` that sutton and i have a connection . 
 and it 's amazing . '' 
 i cast my eyes downward , taking in the uneven stones that line the vegas ' yard . 
 `` but ... '' `` but the other sutton , the public you-she 's not so nice . 
 and i 'm not sure i want to be part of that world . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` but you love all the attention you 're getting now . 
 i know it ! '' 
 he stops me with a raised palm . 
 `` i like having friends , sure . 
 but i do n't want to be part of the backstabbing , fast-moving , game-playing crowd of yours . 
 it 's not my style . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the prank we pulled on you . 
 but i can be nicer-i will be nicer . 
 i can even end the lying game if you want . 
 things can change . '' 
 he places a firm palm on each of my shoulders , leaning so close to me that his eyelashes almost skim my forehead . 
 `` you just told me how badly you need your world . 
 i 'm not going to ask you to change that . '' 
 he reaches out and brushes my cheek lightly . 
 `` i want to be with you , too . 
 but i 'd rather keep it kind of quiet for the time being . '' 
 he looks at me imploringly . 
 `` can you do that ? '' 
 i blink , totally thrown . 
 never has someone told me that they do n't want to be with me because of who i am-usually that 's what pulls a guy toward me . 
 but thayer also has a point . 
 deep down , i 've known for a long time that what the lying game does is n't exactly nice . 
 we 've gotten caught up in it , though , fueled by it , and it would be hard to stop now . 
 i picture trying to tell madeline and char that the club is ending . 
 will there be enough to hold us together ? 
 will they move on to someone else and leave me hanging ? 
 what if they blame this change on thayer ; what if it causes a rift between him and madeline ? 
 should i care that he wants this to be a secret ? 
 or should i just throw caution to the wind ? 
 what if i never find something like this again ? 
 i tilt my head up , winding my hands around his lower back and pulling him toward me . 
 `` let 's try it , '' i whisper , smiling . 
 because whatever is happening between us , whatever this is , i want more of it . 
 lots more . 
 a cautious smile spreads across thayer 's face , and his lips find mine . 
 he kisses me softly , then leans so his lips brush against my ear . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he runs his fingers down my spine and i melt , kissing him again with more urgency , more emotion . 
 there 's nothing more to talk about now . 
 having a secret boyfriend could actually be kind of hot . 
 of course , it 'll just be another secret to keep , another lie to tell . 
 i have a feeling it will be the first of many . 
 but if it means being with thayer , they 'll all be worth it . 
