 prologue i woke up in a dingy claw-foot bathtub in an unfamiliar pink-tiled bathroom . 
 a stack of maxims sat next to the toilet , green toothpaste globbed in the sink , and white drips streaked the mirror . 
 the window showed a dark sky and a full moon . 
 what day of the week was it ? 
 where was i ? 
 a frat house at the u of a ? 
 someone 's apartment ? 
 i could barely remember that my name was sutton mercer , or that i lived in the foothills of tucson , arizona . 
 i had no idea where my purse was , and i did n't have a clue where i 'd parked my car . 
 actually , what kind of car did i drive ? 
 had someone slipped me something ? 
 `` emma ? '' 
 a guy 's voice called from another room . 
 `` you home ? '' 
 `` i 'm busy ! '' 
 called a voice close by . 
 a tall , thin girl opened the bathroom door , her tangled dark hair hanging in her face . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i leapt to my feet . 
 `` someone 's in here already ! '' 
 my body felt tingly , as if it had fallen asleep . 
 when i looked down , it seemed like i was flickering on and off , like i was under a strobe light . 
 freaky . 
 someone definitely slipped me something . 
 the girl did n't seem to hear me . 
 she stumbled forward , her face covered in shadows . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i cried , climbing out of the tub . 
 she did n't look over . 
 `` are you deaf ? '' 
 nothing . 
 she pumped a bottle of lavender-scented lotion and rubbed it on her arms . 
 the door flung open again , and a snub-nosed , unshaven teenage guy burst in . 
 `` oh . '' 
 his gaze flew to the girl 's tight-fitting t-shirt , which said new york new york roller coaster on the front . 
 `` i did n't know you were in here , emma . '' 
 `` that 's maybe why the door was closed ? '' 
 emma pushed him out and slammed it shut . 
 she turned back to the mirror . 
 i stood right behind her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i cried again . 
 finally , she looked up . 
 my eyes darted to the mirror to meet her gaze . 
 but when i looked into the glass , i screamed . 
 because emma looked exactly like me . 
 and i was n't there . 
 emma turned and walked out of the bathroom , and i followed as if something was yanking me along behind her . 
 who was this girl ? 
 why did we look the same ? 
 why was i invisible ? 
 and why could n't i remember , well , anything ? 
 the wrong memories snapped into aching , nostalgic focus-the glittering sunset over the catalinas , the smell of the lemon trees in my backyard in the morning , the feel of cashmere slippers on my toes . 
 but other things , the most important things , had become muffled and fuzzy , as if i 'd lived my whole life underwater . 
 i saw vague shapes , but i could n't make out what they were . 
 i could n't remember what i 'd done for any summer vacations , who my first kiss had been with , or what it felt like to feel the sun on my face or dance to my favorite song . 
 what was my favorite song ? 
 and even worse , every second that passed , things got fuzzier and fuzzier . 
 like they were disappearing . 
 like i was disappearing . 
 but then i concentrated really hard and i heard a muffled scream . 
 and suddenly it was like i was somewhere else . 
 i felt pain shooting through my body , before a final , sleepy sensation of my muscles surrendering . 
 as my eyes slowly closed , i saw a blurry , shadowy figure standing over me . 
 `` oh my god , '' i whispered . 
 no wonder emma did n't see me . 
 no wonder i was n't in the mirror . 
 i was n't really here . 
 i was dead . 
 chapter 1 the dead ringer emma paxton carried her canvas tote and a glass of iced tea out the back door of her new foster family 's home on the outskirts of las vegas . 
 cars swished and grumbled on the nearby expressway , and the air smelled heavily of exhaust and the local water treatment plant . 
 the only decorations in the backyard were dusty free weights , a rusted bug zapper , and kitschy terra-cotta statues . 
 it was a far cry from my backyard in tucson , which was desert-landscaped to perfection and had a wooden swing set i used to pretend was a castle . 
 like i said , it was weird and random which details i still remembered and which ones had evaporated away . 
 for the last hour , i 'd been following emma trying to make sense of her life and willing myself to remember my own . 
 not like i had a choice . 
 everywhere she went , i went . 
 i was n't entirely sure how i knew these things about emma , either-they just appeared in my head as i watched her , like a text message popping up in an inbox . 
 i knew the details of her life better than i did my own . 
 emma dropped the tote on the faux wrought-iron patio table , plopped down in a plastic lawn chair , and craned her neck upward . 
 the only nice thing about this patio was that it faced away from the casinos , offering a large swath of clear , uninterrupted sky . 
 the moon dangled halfway up the horizon , a bloated alabaster wafer . 
 emma 's gaze drifted to two bright , familiar stars to the east . 
 at nine years old , emma had wistfully named the star on the right the mom star , the star on the left the dad star , and the smaller , brightly twinkling spot just below them the emma star . 
 she 'd made up all kinds of fairy tales about these stars , pretending that they were her real family and that one day they 'd all be reunited on earth like they were in the sky . 
 emma had been in foster care for most of her life . 
 she 'd never met her dad , but she remembered her mother , with whom she had lived until she was five years old . 
 her mom 's name was becky . 
 she was a slender woman who loved shouting out the answers to wheel of fortune , dancing around the living room to michael jackson songs , and reading tabloids that ran stories like baby born from pumpkin ! 
 and bat boy lives ! 
 becky used to send emma on scavenger hunts around their apartment complex , the prize always being a tube of used lipstick or a mini snickers . 
 she bought emma frilly tutus and lacy dresses from goodwill for dress-up . 
 she read emma harry potter before bed , making up different voices for every character . 
 but becky was like a scratch-off lottery ticket-emma never quite knew what she was going to get with her . 
 sometimes becky spent the whole day crying on the couch , her face contorted and her cheeks streaked with tears . 
 other times she would drag emma to the nearest department store and buy her two of everything . 
 `` why do i need two pairs of the same shoes ? '' 
 emma would ask . 
 a faraway look would come over becky 's face . 
 `` in case the first pair gets dirty , emmy . '' 
 becky could be very forgetful , too-like the time she left emma at a circle k. suddenly unable to breathe , emma had watched her mother 's car vanish down the shimmering highway . 
 the clerk on duty gave emma an orange popsicle and let her sit on the ice freezer at the front of the store while he made some phone calls . 
 when becky finally returned , she scooped up emma and gave her a huge hug . 
 for once , she did n't even complain when emma dripped sticky orange popsicle goo on her dress . 
 one summer night not long after that , emma slept over with sasha morgan , a friend from kindergarten . 
 she woke up in the morning to mrs. morgan standing in the doorway , a sick look on her face . 
 apparently , becky had left a note under the morgans ' front door , saying she 'd `` gone on a little trip . '' 
 some trip that was-it had lasted almost thirteen years and counting . 
 when no one could track down becky , sasha 's parents turned emma over to an orphanage in reno . 
 prospective adopters had no interest in a five-year-old-they all wanted babies they could mold into mini versions of themselves-so emma lived in group homes , then foster homes . 
 though emma would always love her mom , she could n't say she missed her-at least not miserable becky , manic becky , or the lunatic becky who 'd forgotten her at the circle k . 
 she did miss the idea of a mom though : someone stable and constant who knew her past , looked forward to her future , and loved her unconditionally . 
 emma had invented the mom , dad , and emma stars in the sky not based on anything she 'd ever known , but instead on what she wished she 'd had . 
 the sliding glass door opened , and emma wheeled around . 
 travis , her new foster mom 's eighteen-year-old son , strutted out and settled on top of the patio table . 
 `` sorry about bursting in on you in the bathroom , '' he said . 
 `` it 's okay , '' emma muttered bitterly , slowly inching away from travis 's outstretched legs . 
 she was pretty sure travis was n't sorry . 
 he practically made a sport of trying to see her nak * d. today , travis wore a blue ball cap pulled low over his eyes , a ratty , oversized plaid shirt , and baggy jean shorts with the crotch sagging almost to his knees . 
 there was patchy stubble on his pointy-nosed , thin-lipped , pea-eyed face ; he was n't man enough to actually grow facial hair . 
 his bloodshot brown eyes narrowed lasciviously . 
 emma could feel his gaze on her , canvassing her tight-fitting new york new york camisole , bare , tanned arms , and long legs . 
 with a grunt , travis reached into his shirt pocket , pulled out a joint , and lit up . 
 as he blew a plume of smoke in her direction , the bug zapper glowed to life . 
 with a crisp snap and a fizzle of blue light , it annihilated yet another mosquito . 
 if only it could do that to travis , too . 
 back off , pot breath , emma wanted to say . 
 it 's no wonder no girl will get near you . 
 but she bit her tongue ; the comment would have to go into her comebacks i should 've said file , a list she 'd compiled in a black cloth notebook hidden in her top drawer . 
 the comebacks list , ciss for short , was filled with pithy , snarky remarks emma had longed to say to foster moms , creepy neighbors , bitchy girls at school , and a whole host of others . 
 for the most part , emma held her tongue-it was easier to keep quiet , not make trouble , and become whatever type of girl a situation needed her to be . 
 along the way , emma had picked up some pretty impressive coping skills : at age ten , she honed her reflexes when mr. smythe , a tempestuous foster parent , got into one of his object-throwing moods . 
 when emma lived in henderson with ursula and steve , the two hippies who grew their own food but were clueless about how to cook it , emma had begrudgingly taken over kitchen duties , whipping up zucchini bread , veggie gratins , and some awesome stir-fries . 
 it had been just two months since emma had moved in with clarice , a single mom who worked as a bartender for vip gamblers at the m resort . 
 since then , emma had spent the summer taking pictures , playing marathon games of minesweeper on the banged-up blackberry her friend alex had given her before she 'd left her last foster home in henderson , and working part-time operating the roller coaster at the new york new york casino . 
 and , oh yeah , avoiding travis as much as she could . 
 it had n't started out that way , though . 
 at first , emma had tried to make nice with her new foster brother , hoping they could be friends . 
 it was n't like every foster family sucked and she 'd never made friends with the other kids ; it just sometimes took a lot of effort on her part . 
 she 'd feigned interest in all of the youtube videos travis watched about how to be a small-time thug : how to unlock a car with a cell phone , how to hack soda machines , how to open a padlock with a beer can . 
 she 'd suffered through a couple of ultimate fighting championship matches on tv , even attempting to learn the wrestling-move vocabulary . 
 but the nicety had ended for emma a week later , when travis tried to feel her up while she was standing in front of the open fridge . 
 `` you 've been so friendly , '' he 'd murmured in her ear , before emma had `` accidentally '' kicked him in the crotch . 
 all emma wanted to do was get through her senior year here . 
 it was the end of august , and school started on wednesday . 
 she had the option of leaving clarice 's when she turned eighteen in two weeks , but that would mean quitting school , finding an apartment , and getting a full-time job to pay rent . 
 clarice had told emma 's social worker that emma could stay here until she got her diploma . 
 nine more months , emma chanted to herself like a mantra . 
 she could hold on until then , could n't she ? 
 travis took another hit off the joint . 
 `` you want some ? '' 
 he asked in a choked voice , holding the smoke in his lungs . 
 `` no thanks , '' emma said stiffly . 
 travis finally exhaled . 
 `` sweet little emma , '' he said in a syrupy voice . 
 `` but you are n't always this good , are you ? '' 
 emma craned her neck up at the sky and paused on the mom , dad , and emma stars again . 
 farther down the horizon was a star she 'd recently named the boyfriend star . 
 it seemed to be hovering closer than usual to the emma star tonight-maybe it was a sign . 
 perhaps this would be the year she 'd meet her perfect boyfriend , someone she was destined to be with . 
 `` shit , '' travis whispered suddenly , noticing something inside the house . 
 he quickly stubbed out the joint and threw it under emma 's chair just as clarice appeared on the back deck . 
 emma scowled at the joint 's smoldering tip-nice of travis to try to pin it on her-and covered it with her shoe . 
 clarice still had on her work uniform : a tuxedo jacket , silky white shirt , and black bow tie . 
 her dyed blond hair was slicked into an impeccable french twist , and her mouth was smeared with bright fuchsia lipstick that did n't flatter anyone 's skin tone . 
 she held a white envelope in her hands . 
 `` i 'm missing two hundred and fifty dollars , '' clarice announced flatly . 
 the empty envelope crinkled . 
 `` it was a personal tip from bruce willis . 
 he signed one of the bills . 
 i was going to put it in my scrapbook . '' 
 emma sighed sympathetically . 
 the only thing she 'd gleaned about clarice was that she was absolutely obsessed with celebrities . 
 she kept a scrapbook describing every celeb interaction she 'd ever had , and glossy signed head shots lined the wall space in the breakfast nook . 
 occasionally , clarice and emma ran into each other in the kitchen around noon , which was the crack of dawn for clarice after a bar shift . 
 the only thing clarice ever wanted to talk about was how she 'd had a long conversation with the latest winner of american idol the night before , or how a certain action film starlet 's boobs were definitely fake , or how the host of a dating reality show was kind of a bitch . 
 emma was always intrigued . 
 she did n't care much about celebrity dirt but dreamed of someday being an investigative journalist . 
 not that she ever told clarice that . 
 not that clarice had ever asked anything personal about her . 
 `` the money was in this envelope in my bedroom when i left for work this afternoon . '' 
 clarice stared straight at emma , her eyes squinting . 
 `` now it 's not . 
 is there something you want to tell me ? '' 
 emma sneaked a peek at travis , but he was fiddling with his blackberry . 
 as he scrolled through his photos , emma noticed a blurry shot of her at the bathroom mirror . 
 her hair was wet , and she 'd knotted a towel under her arms . 
 cheeks burning , emma turned to clarice . 
 `` i do n't know anything about it , '' she said in the most diplomatic voice she could muster . 
 `` but maybe you should ask travis . 
 he might know . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 travis 's voice cracked . 
 `` i did n't take any money . '' 
 emma made an incredulous noise at the back of her throat . 
 `` you know i would n't do that , mom , '' travis went on . 
 he stood and pulled up his shorts around his waist . 
 `` i know how hard you work . 
 i did see emma go into your room today though . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma whirled around to face him . 
 `` i did not ! '' 
 `` did too , '' travis shot back . 
 as soon as he turned his back on his mom , his expression morphed from a fake smile to a wrinkled-nose , narrowed-eyes glower . 
 emma gaped . 
 it was amazing how calmly he lied . 
 `` i 've seen you go through your mom 's purse , '' she announced . 
 clarice leaned against the table , twisting her mouth to the right . 
 `` travis did that ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 travis pointed accusingly at emma . 
 `` why would you believe her ? 
 you do n't even know this girl . '' 
 `` i do n't need money ! '' 
 emma pressed her hands to her chest . 
 `` i have a job ! 
 i 'm fine ! '' 
 she 'd been working for years . 
 before the roller coaster , she 'd had a job as head goat girl at a local petting zoo , she 'd dressed up as a toga-robed statue of liberty and stood on the street corner to advertise a local credit union , and she 'd even sold knives door-to-door . 
 she 'd saved more than two grand and stashed it in a half-empty tampax box in her bedroom . 
 travis had n't found the money yet , probably because the tampons were a better security system against creepy boys than a rabid pack of rottweilers . 
 clarice gazed at travis , who was giving her a sickening , pouty smile . 
 as she creased the empty envelope back and forth in her hands , a suspicious look crossed her face . 
 it looked as if she momentarily saw through travis 's facade . 
 `` look . '' 
 travis walked over to his mom and put his arm on her shoulder . 
 `` i think you need to know what emma 's really all about . '' 
 he pulled his blackberry from his pocket again and began to fiddle with the click wheel . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 emma walked over to them . 
 travis gave her a sanctimonious look , hiding the blackberry screen from view . 
 `` i was going to talk to you about this in private . 
 but it 's too late for that now . '' 
 `` talk to me about what ? '' 
 emma lunged forward , making the citronella candle in the center of the table wobble . 
 `` you know what . '' 
 travis tapped away on the keyboard with his thumbs . 
 a mosquito buzzed around his head , but he did n't bother to flick it away . 
 `` you 're a sick freak . '' 
 `` what do you mean , travis ? '' 
 clarice 's fuchsia-lined lips pursed worriedly . 
 finally , travis lowered the blackberry so everyone could see . 
 `` this , '' he announced . 
 a stiff , hot wind blew against emma 's cheek , the dusty air irritating her eyes . 
 the blue-black evening sky seemed to darken a few shades . 
 travis breathed heavily next to her , reeking of pot smoke , and pulled up a generic video uploading site . 
 with a flourish , he typed in the keyword suttoninaz and hit play . 
 a video slowly loaded . 
 a handheld camera panned over a clearing . 
 no sound escaped from the speakers , as if the microphone had been muted . 
 the camera whipped around to show a figure sitting in a chair with a black blindfold covering half her face . 
 a round silver locket on a thick chain clung to a bony , feminine collarbone . 
 the girl thrashed her head frantically back and forth , the locket bouncing wildly . 
 the picture went dark for a moment , and suddenly someone slipped behind her and pulled the necklace chain back so that it pressed up against the girl 's throat . 
 the girl 's head arched back . 
 she flailed her arms and kicked her legs . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 clarice 's hand flew to her mouth . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 emma whispered . 
 the strangler pulled the chain harder and harder . 
 whoever it was had a mask over his head , so emma could n't see his face . 
 after about thirty seconds , the girl in the video stopped struggling and went limp . 
 emma backed away from the screen . 
 had they just watched someone die ? 
 what the hell ? 
 and what did this have to do with her ? 
 the camera remained fixed on the blindfolded girl . 
 she was n't moving . 
 then the picture went momentarily dark again . 
 when an image snapped back on the screen , the camera was tilted over , fallen on the ground . 
 emma could still see a sideways shot of the figure in the chair . 
 someone walked up to the girl and pulled the blindfold off her head . 
 after a long pause , the girl coughed . 
 tears dotted her eyes . 
 the corners of her mouth pulled down . 
 she blinked slowly . 
 for a split second before the screen went dark , she stared half consciously into the lens . 
 emma 's jaw dropped to her worn converse sneakers . 
 clarice gasped loudly . 
 `` ha , '' travis said triumphantly . 
 `` i told you . '' 
 emma stared at the girl 's huge , blue eyes , slightly upturned nose , and round face . 
 she looked exactly like her . 
 that was because the girl in the video was me . 
 chapter 2 that 's right , blame the foster kid emma grabbed the phone from travis 's hands and started the clip over , staring hard at the image . 
 as the person reached out and began to choke the blindfolded girl , fear streaked through emma 's stomach . 
 when the anonymous hand pulled off the blindfold , emma 's identical face appeared on the screen . 
 emma had the same thick , wavy , chestnut-brown hair as the girl in the movie . 
 the same round chin . 
 the same pink lips kids used to tease emma about , saying they were puffy as though she 'd had an allergic reaction . 
 she shuddered . 
 i watched the video again in horror , too . 
 the locket glinting in the light caused a tiny shard of a memory to surface : i remembered lifting the lid of my baby box , pulling out the locket from under a half-chewed teething giraffe , a lacy receiving blanket , and a pair of knit booties , and putting it around my neck . 
 the video itself brought back nothing though . 
 i did n't know if it had happened in my backyard ... or three states away . 
 i wished i could slap my post-death memory across the face . 
 but the video had to be how i died , right ? 
 especially from that quick flashback i 'd had when i 'd awakened in emma 's bathroom : that face close to mine , my heart beating hard , my murderer standing above me . 
 but i had no idea how this whole death thing worked : had i popped into emma 's world the moment after i 'd taken my last breath , or was it days-months-later ? 
 and how did the video get posted online ? 
 had my family seen it ? 
 my friends ? 
 was this some kind of twisted ransom note ? 
 emma finally glanced up from the screen . 
 `` where did you find this ? '' 
 she asked travis . 
 `` guess someone did n't know she was a star on the internet , huh ? '' 
 travis snatched the phone from her hands . 
 clarice raked her fingers through her hair . 
 she kept glancing from the video screen to emma 's face . 
 `` is this what you do for fun ? '' 
 she asked emma in a hoarse voice . 
 `` she probably does it to get high . '' 
 travis paced around the patio like a prowling lion . 
 `` i knew some girls at school last year who were , like , obsessed with it . 
 one of them almost died . '' 
 clarice clapped her hand over her mouth . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 emma 's eyes darted from travis to clarice . 
 `` wait , no . 
 that 's not me . 
 the girl in this video is someone else . '' 
 travis rolled his eyes . 
 `` someone who looks exactly like you ? '' 
 he deadpanned . 
 `` let me guess . 
 a long-lost sister ? 
 an evil twin ? '' 
 there was a low rumbling of thunder in the distance . 
 the breeze smelled like wet pavement , a telltale sign that a storm was close . 
 a long-lost sister . 
 the idea ignited in emma 's mind like a fourth of july sparkler . 
 it was possible . 
 she 'd asked social services once if becky had had any other kids she 'd abandoned along the way , but they said they did n't know . 
 a thought burned in my mind , too : i was adopted . 
 that much i remembered . 
 it was common knowledge in my family ; my parents had never tried to hide it . 
 they 'd told me my adoption had been a last-minute scramble and they 'd never met my birth mother . 
 could it be possible ? 
 it explained why i was literally stuck to this girl who looked just like me , following her around as if our souls had been tethered together . 
 clarice tapped her long nails on the table . 
 `` i do n't tolerate lying or stealing in this house , emma . '' 
 emma felt like she 'd just been kicked in the stomach . 
 `` that 's not me in the video , '' she protested . 
 `` and i did n't steal from you . 
 i swear . '' 
 emma reached for her canvas bag on the patio table . 
 all she had to do was call eddie , her manager at the roller coaster . 
 he 'd vouch for her hours today . 
 but travis got to her bag first , knocking it over so all of its contents spilled out onto the pavement . 
 `` oops ! '' 
 he cried gleefully . 
 emma watched helplessly as her tattered copy of the sun also rises landed on a dusty anthill . 
 a crumpled ticket for a free all-you-can-eat bbq buffet at mgm grand got caught in the breeze and drifted toward travis 's free weights . 
 her blackberry and a tube of cherry-flavored chapstick skittered to a stop next to a terra-cotta turtle . 
 last but not least , there was a suspicious-looking wad of bills held together with a thick purple rubber band . 
 the wad thudded to the patio , bounced once , and landed in front of clarice 's chunky heels . 
 emma was too stunned to speak . 
 clarice snatched the money and licked her pointer finger to count it . 
 `` two hundred , '' she said when she was finished . 
 she held up a twenty with blue scribble in the upper left-hand corner . 
 even in the fading light , emma could see a big looped b , presumably for bruce willis . 
 `` what did you do with the other fifty ? '' 
 a neighbor 's wind chimes tinkled in the distance . 
 emma 's insides were frozen . 
 `` i-i have no idea how that got in my bag . '' 
 behind her , travis snickered . 
 `` busted . '' 
 he was leaning casually against the stucco wall , just to the left of the big round thermometer . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest , and his top lip was curled in a sneer . 
 the hair on the back of emma 's neck rose . 
 all at once , she understood what was going on . 
 her lips started to twitch , just like they always did when she was about to lose it . 
 `` you did this ! '' 
 she pointed a finger at travis . 
 `` you set me up ! '' 
 travis smirked . 
 something inside emma broke loose . 
 screw keeping the peace . 
 screw adapting to whatever the foster family needed her to be . 
 she shot for him , grabbing travis by his meaty neck . 
 `` emma ! '' 
 clarice shrieked , pulling her off her son . 
 emma staggered backward , bumping against one of the patio chairs . 
 clarice spun emma around so that they were face-to-face . 
 `` what 's gotten into you ? '' 
 emma did n't answer . 
 she glowered at travis again . 
 he had flattened himself against the wall , his arms in front of him protectively , but there was a thrilled glow in his eyes . 
 clarice turned away from emma , sank down in the chair , and rubbed her eyes . 
 mascara smudged on her fingertips . 
 `` this is n't working , '' she said softly after a moment . 
 she raised her head and gazed soberly at emma . 
 `` i thought you were a sweet , nice girl who would n't cause any trouble , emma , but this is too much for us . '' 
 `` i did n't do anything , '' emma whispered . 
 `` i swear . '' 
 clarice pulled out a nail file and started nervously sawing on her pinkie . 
 `` you can stay until your birthday , but after that you 're on your own . '' 
 emma blinked . 
 `` you 're kicking me out ? '' 
 clarice stopped filing . 
 her face softened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said gently . 
 `` but this is the best choice for all of us . '' 
 emma turned away and stared hard at the ugly block wall at the back of the property . 
 `` i wish things were different . '' 
 clarice pulled the sliding door open and padded back into the house . 
 as soon as she was out of view , travis peeled himself off the wall and straightened up to full height . 
 he sauntered casually around emma , scooped up the tiny nub of the joint that was still under the chair , blew off the bits of dried grass that had stuck to the tip , and dropped it into his enormous pants pocket . 
 `` you 're lucky she did n't press charges , '' he said in a slimy voice . 
 emma said nothing as he swaggered back into the house . 
 she wanted to leap up and claw his eyes out , but her legs felt like they had been filled with heavy wet clay . 
 her eyes blurred with tears . 
 this again . 
 every time a foster family told emma she had to move on , she invariably thought back to the cold , lonely moment when she 'd realized becky had ditched her for good . 
 emma had stayed a week at sasha morgan 's house while the police tried to track down her mom . 
 she 'd put on a brave face , playing candy land , watching dora the explorer , and making scavenger hunts for sasha like the ones becky had masterminded for her . 
 but every night in the glow of sasha 's cinderella night-light , emma struggled to read the parts of harry potter she could understand-which were n't many . 
 she 'd barely mastered the cat in the hat . 
 she needed her mom to read the big words . 
 she needed her mom to do the voices . 
 even now , it still hurt . 
 the patio was silent . 
 the wind blew the hanging spider plants and palm trees sideways . 
 emma stared blankly at the terra-cotta sculpture of a shapely woman that travis and his friends liked to dry-hump . 
 so that was that . 
 no more staying here until the end of high school . 
 no more applying to a photojournalism program at usc ... or even community college . 
 she had nowhere to go . 
 no one to turn to . 
 unless ... suddenly , the image from the video fluttered through her mind once more . 
 a long-lost sister . 
 her heart lifted . 
 she had to find her . 
 if only i could have told her it was too late . 
 chapter 3 you know it 's true if you read it on facebook an hour later , emma stood in her little bedroom , her army-navy bags splayed open on the floor . 
 why wait to pack ? 
 she also held her phone to her ear , talking to alexandra stokes , her best friend from back in henderson . 
 `` you could always stay with me , '' alex offered after emma finished telling her that clarice had just kicked her out . 
 `` i can talk to my mom . 
 she might be cool with it . '' 
 emma shut her eyes . 
 she and alex had been on the cross-country team together last year . 
 they 'd both wiped out on a downhill part of a trail run on the first day of practice , and they 'd become fast friends while the nurse cleaned their wounds with ultra-stingy hydrogen peroxide . 
 she and emma had spent their entire junior year sneaking into the casinos and taking pictures of celebrities and lookalikes with alex 's canon slr , trolling the pawn shops but never buying anything , and sunning themselves at lake mead on weekends . 
 `` that 's a lot to ask of your family . '' 
 emma removed a pile of vintage t-shirts from her top drawer and plopped them into the duffel . 
 she 'd stayed with the stokeses for a couple of weeks after ursula and steve relocated to the florida keys . 
 emma had had a great time , but ms. stokes was a single mom with enough to manage already . 
 `` it 's crazy for clarice to kick you out , '' alex said . 
 soft smacking sounds filled the receiver ; she was probably chomping on a piece of chocolate twizzlers , her favorite candy . 
 `` she ca n't honestly think you stole that money . '' 
 `` actually , it was n't just that . '' 
 emma scooped up a stack of jeans and tossed them in the bag , too . 
 `` was there something else ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 emma picked at a loose military patch on the old duffel . 
 `` i ca n't get into it right now . '' 
 she did n't want to tell alex about the video she 'd seen . 
 she wanted to keep it to herself for a little while longer , just in case it was n't real . 
 `` but i 'll explain soon , okay ? 
 i promise . '' 
 after emma hung up , she sat on the carpet and looked around . 
 she 'd pulled all her photography prints by margaret bourke-white and annie leibovitz off the walls and her collection of classic novels and sci-fi thrillers off the shelves ; the place now looked like a pay-by-the-hour motel room . 
 she stared into the open bureau drawer , which contained her favorite things , the stuff she carried to every foster home . 
 there was the hand-knitted monster toy mrs. hewes , a piano teacher , had given her the day she 'd mastered `` fur elise '' despite not actually having a piano at home to practice on . 
 she 'd saved a couple of scavenger hunt clues from becky , the creases soft and the paper nearly disintegrating . 
 and there was socktopus , the threadbare stuffed octopus becky had bought for emma during a road trip to four corners . 
 nestled at the bottom of the drawer were her five cloth-bound journals , stuffed with poetry , the comebacks i should 've said list , the ways to flirt -lrb- wtf -rrb- list , the stuff i love and hate list , and a thorough review of every secondhand store in the area . 
 emma had mastered the thrift store circuit . 
 she knew exactly which days new shipments hit the floor , how to haggle for better prices , and to always paw through the bottom of the shoe bin-she 'd once scored a barely scuffed pair of kate spade flats that way . 
 finally , emma lifted the battered polaroid camera and a large stack of polaroid photos from the corner of the drawer . 
 the camera had been becky 's , but emma had brought it with her to sasha 's house the night her mom had taken off . 
 not long after that , emma had begun to write fake news captions to match the photos about her life and the goings-on of her foster families : `` foster mom gets sick of kids , locks self in bedroom to watch leave it to beaver . '' 
 `` hippies leave for florida unannounced . '' 
 `` semi-decent foster mom gets job in hong kong ; foster kid not invited . '' 
 she was the one and only reporter on the emma beat . 
 if she were in the right mind-set , she 'd craft a new top story for today : `` evil foster brother ruins girl 's life . '' 
 or maybe `` girl discovers doppelganger on internet . 
 perhaps a long-lost sister ? '' 
 emma paused at the thought . 
 she glanced at the tattered dell laptop on the floor , which she 'd bought from a pawn shop . 
 taking a deep breath , she set it on the bed and opened the lid . 
 the screen glowed to life , and emma quickly called up the video site where travis had found the fake strangling film . 
 the familiar video was the very first item on the list . 
 it had been posted earlier that evening . 
 emma pressed play , and the grainy image appeared . 
 the blindfolded girl bucked and scratched . 
 the dark figure pulled the necklace taut around her neck . 
 then the camera fell , and someone emerged and whipped off the blindfold . 
 the girl 's face was ashen and dazed . 
 she looked around frantically , her eyes rolling around in her head like loose marbles . 
 then she looked at the camera . 
 her blue-green eyes were glassy and her pink lips glowed . 
 it was emma 's exact face . 
 everything about it was the same . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 emma whispered , a shiver running up her spine . 
 i wished i could answer her . 
 i wished i could do something useful instead of just dangling over her silently like a creepy ghost-stalker . 
 it was like watching a movie , except i could n't even call out or throw popcorn at the screen . 
 the clip ended , and the site asked emma if she wanted to replay it . 
 the bed springs squeaked as she shifted her weight , thinking . 
 after a moment , she typed suttoninaz into a google search . 
 a few sites popped up instantly , including a facebook page by the same name . 
 sutton mercer , it said . 
 tucson , arizona . 
 screeching tires out the window sounded like a cackle . 
 the facebook page loaded , and emma gasped . 
 there was sutton mercer , standing in a foyer of a house with a bunch of girls by her side . 
 she wore a black halter-style dress , a sparkly headband , and silver high heels . 
 emma blinked at her face , feeling queasy . 
 she leaned in closer , certain she would see a difference that would set sutton apart from herself , but everything , down to sutton 's petite ears and the same perfectly square , perfectly straight teeth , was identical . 
 the more emma thought about it , the more she could believe she had a long-lost twin . 
 for one thing , there were certain times in life where she felt accompanied , as if someone was watching her . 
 sometimes she woke up in the morning after having crazy dreams about a girl who looked like her ... but she knew it was n't her . 
 the dreams were always vivid : riding on a sun-dappled appaloosa at someone 's farm , dragging a dark-haired doll across a patio . 
 besides , if becky was irresponsible enough to forget emma at the circle k , maybe she 'd done the same thing with another baby . 
 perhaps all those duplicate pairs of shoes manic becky bought were n't for emma at all , but for emma 's twin sister , a girl becky had already abandoned . 
 perhaps emma was right , i thought . 
 perhaps they 'd been for me . 
 emma moved the mouse over the girls standing next to sutton in the photo . 
 madeline vega , said a small pop-up tag . 
 madeline had sleek black hair , huge brown eyes , a willowy build , and a gap between her front teeth , just like madonna . 
 her head tilted suggestively to one side . 
 there was a fake-or perhaps real ? 
 - tattoo of a rose on the inside of her wrist , and her bloodred dress plunged provocatively to her breast bone . 
 the girl next to madeline was a redhead named charlotte chamberlain . 
 she had pink , pale skin and pretty green eyes , and wore a black silk dress that tugged over her broad shoulders . 
 two blondes with similar wide eyes and upturned noses stood on either end of the group . 
 their names were lilianna and gabriella fiorello ; in the caption sutton had nicknamed them the twitter twins . 
 i looked over emma 's shoulder . 
 i recognized the girls in the photos . 
 i understood we used to be close . 
 but they were like books i 'd read two summers ago ; i knew i 'd liked them , but i could n't tell you now what they 'd been about . 
 emma scrolled down the page . 
 most of the facebook profile was public . 
 sutton mercer was going to be a senior this year , just like emma . 
 she attended a school called hollier high . 
 her interests were tennis , shopping at la encantada mall , and the papaya quench full body wrap at canyon ranch . 
 under likes and dislikes , she 'd written , i love gucci more than pucci , but not as much as juicy . 
 emma frowned at the line . 
 yeah , i had no idea what it meant , either . 
 next , emma clicked on the photo page and peered at a picture of a bunch of girls in tennis polos , skirts , and sneakers . 
 a plaque that said hollier tennis team rested at their feet . 
 emma rolled the mouse over the girls ' names until she found sutton 's . 
 she stood third from the left , her hair pulled back tautly into a smooth ponytail . 
 emma moved the mouse to the dark-haired indian girl to the right . 
 a tag over her head said nisha banerjee . 
 there was a saccharine , kiss-ass smile on her face . 
 i stared hard at her , a spotty , snapping sensation coursing through my weightless body . 
 i knew i did n't like nisha , but i did n't know why . 
 next emma looked at a shot of sutton and charlotte standing on the tennis courts next to a tall , handsome , graying man . 
 there was no tag over his face , but the caption said , me , c , and mr. chamberlain at arizona tennis classic . 
 after that was a shot of sutton with her arms around a handsome , sweet-looking , blond-haired guy wearing a hollier soccer jersey . 
 love ya , g ! 
 she 'd written . 
 someone named garrett had replied in the comments window : i love u too , sutton . 
 aw , emma thought . 
 my heart warmed , too . 
 the last picture emma clicked on was a shot of sutton sitting around a patio table with two attractive , older adults and a dirty-blond , square-jawed girl named laurel mercer . 
 sutton 's adoptive sister , presumably . 
 everyone was grinning and holding slushy drinks in a toast . 
 i heart the fam , the caption proclaimed . 
 emma lingered on the photo for a long time , her chest aching . 
 all of her daydreams about a mom star , dad star , and emma star family looked pretty much like this : an attractive , happy family , a nice house , a good life . 
 if she cut her own head out of a snapshot and pasted it on sutton 's body , the picture would look no different . 
 yet her story was as opposite from this as could be . 
 there were a few youtube clips on the facebook page , and emma clicked on the first one . 
 sutton stood on what looked like a lush green golf course with madeline and charlotte . 
 everyone knelt down and vigorously shook canisters in their hands . 
 slowly , silently , they spray-painted designs on a large rock . 
 we miss you , t , madeline 's message said . 
 sutton 's message said nisha was here . 
 `` where 's laurel ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 `` a thousand bucks says she 's too scared , '' sutton murmured on the screen . 
 her voice was so familiar it made emma 's throat catch . 
 emma clicked on the other videos . 
 there was one of sutton and her friends skydiving , another of them bungee jumping . 
 a whole bunch of videos showed one of the girls walking around the corner unaware , and the rest of them ambushing her and making her scream . 
 the last video was titled `` cross my heart , hope to die . '' 
 it opened with madeline pirouetting into a pool at night . 
 as soon as she hit the water , she started to flail . 
 `` help ! '' 
 she screamed , her dark hair plastered against her face . 
 `` i think i broke my leg ! 
 i ... ca n't ... move ! '' 
 the camera wobbled . 
 `` mads ? '' 
 charlotte cried out . 
 `` shit , '' someone else said . 
 `` help ! '' 
 madeline continued to flail . 
 `` wait a minute , '' sutton 's voice called haltingly . 
 `` did she say it ? '' 
 the camera zinged to charlotte , frozen midstep . 
 she held a red-and-white life preserver in her hands . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked dazedly . 
 `` did she say it ? '' 
 sutton said again . 
 `` i-i do n't think so , '' charlotte squeaked . 
 she clamped her lips together and dropped the life preserver on the deck . 
 `` very funny . 
 we know you 're faking , mads , '' she yelled , annoyed . 
 `` such a bad actress , '' she said under her breath . 
 madeline stopped splashing . 
 `` fine , '' she panted , paddling for the ladder . 
 `` but i had you going for a minute . 
 char looked like she was going to pee her pants . '' 
 everyone cackled . 
 whoa , emma thought . 
 so this was what they did for fun ? 
 i was a little freaked , too . 
 emma searched the rest of the facebook profile for any references to the weird strangling video travis had found , but there was n't a single mention . 
 the only semi-spooky thing she found was a scan of a black-and-white flyer that said missing since june 17 , a boy 's face grinning back at her . 
 thayer vega , it said in block letters under the photo . 
 emma clicked back to the names on sutton 's profile picture . 
 madeline 's last name was vega , too . 
 finally , she clicked on sutton 's wall . 
 sutton had written a post just a few hours before : ever wish you could run away ? 
 sometimes i do . 
 emma frowned . 
 why would sutton want to run away ? 
 it looked like she had everything . 
 i had no idea , but that post told me tons . 
 if i 'd written it only a few hours before , it meant i had n't been dead for long . 
 did anyone even know i 'd been killed ? 
 i looked at the rest of my wall that was visible on the screen . 
 no rip , sutton notes or plans for a sutton mercer memorial . 
 maybe no one knew then . 
 maybe no one had found me ? 
 was i lying in a field somewhere , my necklace still at my throat ? 
 i gazed down at my shimmering body . 
 even though no one else could see me , every so often i could just make out a tiny flicker of myself-a hand here , an elbow there , a pair of terry-cloth shorts and yellow fitflops . 
 i did n't see any blood . 
 my skin was n't blue . 
 just as emma was about to close up the computer , some more posts on sutton 's wall caught her eye . 
 ca n't wait for your b-day party ! 
 charlotte had written . 
 it 's going to be sick ! 
 emma 's birthday was coming up , too . 
 she checked sutton 's info tab . 
 the birthday listed was september 10 , the same as emma 's . 
 her heart pounded . 
 that was some coincidence . 
 i felt scared and hopeful and confused , too . 
 maybe it was real . 
 maybe we were twins . 
 after a moment , emma opened a new window and logged into her own facebook page . 
 it looked paltry and pathetic next to sutton 's - her profile picture was a blurry close-up of herself and socktopus , and she only had five friends : alex , an old foster sister named tracy , ben and jerry 's chunky monkey , and two of the cast members from csi . 
 then she found sutton 's page again and clicked on the button that said send sutton a message . 
 when the window appeared , she typed : this will sound crazy , but i think we 're related . 
 we look exactly the same , and we have the same birthday . 
 i live in nevada , not too far from you . 
 you 're not by any chance adopted , are you ? 
 write back or call if you want to talk . 
 message sent ! 
 the screen announced . 
 emma stared around the quiet room , the small fan on the desk blowing warmish air in her face . 
 after the possibly life-altering thing that had just happened , she expected the world to have miraculously and drastically transformed-a leprechaun to dance through the open window , clarice 's kitschy terra-cotta patio sculptures to come to life and start a conga line , something . 
 but there was still the long , jagged crack in the plaster in the ceiling and the blotchy , m-shaped stain on the carpet near the closet . 
 the little clock in the corner of the laptop screen clicked from 10:12 to 10:13 p.m. . 
 she refreshed her facebook page . 
 she peeked out a slit in the dusty blinds at the night sky and found the mom , dad , and emma stars . 
 her heart rollicked in her chest . 
 what had she done ? 
 she reached for her phone and dialed alex 's number , but alex did n't pick up . 
 you there ? 
 she texted alex , but there was no response . 
 the traffic on the highway grew sparse and whispery . 
 emma let out a long sigh , thinking of what came next . 
 maybe she could move back to henderson , live in alex 's spare room , and pay rent to alex 's mom . 
 she 'd work full-time-perhaps night shifts at the twenty-four-hour target near alex 's house-and somehow finish high school , too . 
 maybe she could even intern at the local newspaper on the weekends ... . 
 bzzzzzzz . 
 emma 's eyes popped open . 
 out the window , the moon had climbed high in the sky . 
 the clock on the side table said 12:56 a.m. . 
 she 'd dozed off . 
 bzzzzzzz . 
 her phone was flashing . 
 she stared at it for a long moment , as if she was afraid it might leap up and bite her . 
 there was an envelope icon on the screen . 
 her heart churned faster and faster . 
 trembling , she clicked open . 
 emma had to read the facebook message four times before the words really sunk in . 
 omg . 
 i ca n't believe this . 
 yes , i was totally adopted . 
 but i never knew you existed until now . 
 can u meet me at the hiking base of sabino canyon in tucson 2morro at 6 pm ? 
 attached is my cell number . 
 do n't tell anyone who you are until we talk-it 's dangerous ! 
 see you soon ! 
 love , sutton -lrb- your twin -rrb- of course , there was one problem with that note : i did n't write it . 
 chapter 4 reunion interrupted late the following afternoon , emma staggered off a greyhound bus , her green duffel in tow . 
 heat radiated off the parking lot in waves ; the air was so stifling that she felt like she 'd just stepped into the barrel of a giant hair dryer . 
 to her right were small adobe homes and a purple-stucco yoga studio for men called hombre . 
 to her left was a large , crumbling building called the hotel congress , which looked haunted . 
 posters for upcoming concerts plastered the front windows . 
 a couple of hipsters loitered on the street , smoking cigarettes . 
 beyond that was what looked like a shop for dominatrix hookers ; whip-wielding mannequins in catsuits , fishnet stockings , and thigh-high boots filled the front windows . 
 emma spun around again and faced the greyhound bus station . 
 tucson downtown , said a low-slung sign out front . 
 after hours of sitting on a bus next to a guy with a devil beard and a serious addiction to jalapeno-flavored doritos , she was finally here . 
 she was tempted to run up to the large greyhound on the sign and give it a big , wet kiss , but then her phone vibrated in her pocket and she scrambled to answer it . 
 alex 's photo appeared on the screen . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 emma clutched the old blackberry to her ear . 
 `` guess where i am ? '' 
 `` you did n't , '' alex gasped on the other end . 
 `` i did . '' 
 emma dragged her duffel to a bench under the awning and sat down to rest . 
 alex had finally written back to emma 's you there ? 
 text last night . 
 emma had called her immediately , blurting out the whole story in one long , breathless sentence . 
 `` i left clarice a note , '' emma said , moving her long legs out of the way as an older couple pulling wheeled suitcases passed . 
 `` social services wo n't check up on me , either-i 'm too close to turning eighteen . '' 
 `` so what are you going to say to this sutton girl ? 
 i mean , if she 's really your sister , do you think you 'll be able to move in with her ? '' 
 alex sighed wistfully . 
 `` it 's like cinderella , except without the lame prince ! '' 
 emma leaned back on the bench and gazed at the purplish mountains in the distance . 
 `` i do n't want to get too far ahead of things , '' she said . 
 `` let 's just see if we even get along . '' 
 it was all an act . 
 the entire bus ride , emma imagined how meeting sutton might just change her life . 
 maybe she could move to tucson and go to sutton 's school . 
 she could get to know sutton 's adoptive parents , too . 
 maybe they 'll even let me move in with them , she dared to consider . 
 goose bumps rose on her arms . 
 okay , that was a long shot , but who knew ? 
 it was like a cooler version of cinderella . 
 but first things first : the meeting today . 
 emma spotted a single neon-green cab on the other side of the bus station and waved it over . 
 `` please do n't tell anyone , okay ? '' 
 she said to alex. `` i promise , '' alex agreed . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 emma hung up , climbed into the backseat of the cab , and gave sabino canyon as her destination , barely able to temper the giddiness in her voice . 
 the cabbie pulled away and wove through tucson 's streets . 
 emma stared out the grimy window , grinning at the various college buildings of the university of arizona , including one that had photography institute on a big sign out front . 
 emma could n't wait to go inside and check out the exhibit . 
 next they passed the college green . 
 students loitered in the sun . 
 a running group pranced by like a herd of deer . 
 there was a girl dressed up as a marijuana plant in the middle of the courtyard holding a sign that said honk 4 weed ! 
 the cabbie honked . 
 next they pulled onto highway 10 and drove north . 
 the houses grew larger and the streets were speckled with fancy gyms , cute bistros , gourmet markets , and upscale boutiques . 
 emma passed the entrance to la encantada mall , and then the lush elizabeth arden red door spa . 
 maybe sutton and i can have a pedicure day , she thought . 
 actually , that made her a little nervous . 
 she 'd never gotten a professional pedicure before . 
 whenever someone touched her feet , she let out a hitchy laugh like ernie on sesame street . 
 as for me , all i felt was numbness as the car whipped past these landmarks . 
 certain emotions and senses flashed deep beneath the surface-vague blips of elation and thrill as we passed a restaurant called north , the smell of jasmine perfume as the cab swept past the shops at la encantada-but nothing solid emerged . 
 questions buzzed in my head like a swarm of bees . 
 who had written back to emma ? 
 had anyone else discovered i was dead ? 
 i was desperate to get another look at my facebook page , but emma had n't clicked on it again . 
 a whole day had passed since my death-maybe more ; where did everyone think i was ? 
 and why had n't someone found my body ? 
 then again , if someone had murdered me , i could be chopped up in a zillion pieces by now . 
 i wanted to cry out . 
 i wanted to wail . 
 but all i could do was follow emma in a state of mute shock and panic . 
 it was like those terrible dreams where i was falling down , down , down from the top of a tall building . 
 i always tried to call out for someone to catch me , but no one ever answered . 
 the cab took a left , and a mountain rose up before emma 's eyes . 
 a pitted , wooden sign said sabino canyon . 
 `` here you are , '' the driver said , pulling to the curb . 
 this was it . 
 emma handed the cabbie a twenty and crunched across the gravel to a bench . 
 she inhaled the jumbled scents of sunscreen , dust , and sun-baked rock . 
 evening hikers stretched their calves against a parking barrier a few feet away . 
 the shimmering mountain range interrupted the blue sky . 
 little pinpricks of pink , yellow , and purple wildflowers dotted the trail . 
 it 's perfect , emma thought . 
 on instinct , she pulled her old polaroid camera from the duffel . 
 she had n't brought that much with her to tucson-just her wallet , socktopus , a change of clothes , the camera , and her journal , because she was afraid to go anywhere without it . 
 she 'd left most everything else , including her savings , in a storage locker at the vegas bus station . 
 the device made a churning noise as she snapped a photo . 
 emma watched the picture slowly develop . 
 long-lost sisters meet for the first time , she mentally captioned . 
 it was six on the dot . 
 she sat down on a bench , pulled out a maybelline compact , and took stock of her reflection . 
 she wore a striped jersey gap dress that she 'd found at cinnamon 's , a secondhand shop near clarice 's house , and she 'd smeared a lot of shiny gloss over her lips . 
 she covertly sniffed her skin , hoping she did n't smell like bus exhaust or jalapeno doritos . 
 meeting sutton reminded her of walking into a new foster home for the first time . 
 the parents always gave her a long , discerning look , instantly deciding whether she passed or failed . 
 please like me , she always thought as she stood in countless kitchens or on interchangeable front porches . 
 please make this bearable . 
 please do n't let me have a booger hanging out of my nose . 
 more people emerged from the canyon trail . 
 emma checked the clock on her phone . 
 it was 6:10 . 
 what if sutton was late to everything ? 
 people like that drove emma crazy . 
 and what were they going to say to each other , anyway ? 
 `` hi , sutton , '' emma mouthed , practicing a smile . 
 `` so becky lost you , too ? '' 
 she pantomimed reaching out her hand , and then shook her head and pulled back . 
 they 'd hug , would n't they ? 
 what if they just stood there awkwardly , staring into space ? 
 the strange film fluttered through her mind again . 
 who agreed to be strangled for fun , anyway ? 
 she thought about the girls travis had mentioned yesterday . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 cried someone behind her . 
 emma jumped and turned around , looking at the unfamiliar man in shorts and a polo shirt standing a few feet away . 
 with his salt-and-pepper hair and slightly round physique , he reminded emma of dr. lowry , the only social worker she 'd ever liked , mostly because he 'd spoken to emma like a human being and not a foster child freak . 
 but then the photo on facebook of charlotte and sutton standing on a tennis court with this guy popped into her head . 
 me , c , and mr. chamberlain at arizona tennis classic . 
 this was someone from sutton 's world , not hers . 
 not that i had much recollection of him . 
 there was a troubled look on the man 's face . 
 `` w-what are you doing out here , sutton ? '' 
 emma blinked hard , realizing what he 'd called her . 
 she gave him a wobbly smile . 
 her tongue felt bloated and heavy in her mouth . 
 do n't tell anyone who you are , the email had said . 
 it 's dangerous . 
 `` um , just hanging out , '' emma answered , feeling ridiculously foolish . 
 her palms itched , too , just like they always did when she lied to adults . 
 `` are you going for a hike ? '' 
 charlotte 's dad pressed . 
 `` is this where kids meet these days ? '' 
 emma glanced toward the road , hoping she 'd see a girl who looked just like her pulling up to the curb to clear this up . 
 a few cars passed without stopping . 
 a couple of kids on schwinn cruiser bikes rode past , laughing . 
 `` um , not exactly . '' 
 a dog across the path let out a bark . 
 emma stiffened-a chow had bitten her when she was nine , and she 'd been wary of dogs ever since . 
 but the dog was straining at a rabbit that had suddenly emerged from around the bend . 
 charlotte 's dad pushed his hands in his pockets . 
 `` well , see ya . 
 have a nice night . '' 
 he quickly walk-jogged away . 
 emma slumped on the bench . 
 awkward . 
 the clock on her phone now said 6:20 . 
 she clicked onto her new messages folder , but there was no text saying i 'm late , be there soon ! 
 uneasiness began to filter through her body , poisoning everything . 
 her stomach felt like it was eating itself . 
 all of a sudden , the surroundings did n't seem quite so magical anymore . 
 the hikers making their way back down the mountain looked like twisted , dark monsters . 
 there was an acrid odor in the air . 
 something felt very , very wrong . 
 crack . 
 emma 's head whipped around at the sound . 
 before she could see what it was , a small hand covered her eyes and yanked her to standing . 
 `` wha ? '' 
 emma called out . 
 a second hand pressed against her mouth . 
 emma tried to wrench away , but a hard , cold object pressed between her shoulder blades . 
 she instantly froze . 
 she 'd never felt a gun at her back before , but this could n't be anything else . 
 `` do n't move , bitch , '' whispered a husky voice . 
 emma felt hot breath on her neck , but all she could see was the inside of someone 's palm . 
 `` you 're coming with us . '' 
 i wished i could see who `` us '' was , but that was a little wrinkle in this being-dead thing : when emma could n't see , neither could i. chapter 5 she is me emma 's feet tripped beneath her , dragging on the ground . 
 the gun dug into her skin . 
 dark , blurry shapes fluttered through the blindfold someone had quickly tied around her eyes , and the sound of traffic roared in her ears . 
 she let out a panicked whimper . 
 the freaky strangling film flashed through her mind like whirling ambulance lights . 
 those hands pulling that necklace taut . 
 sutton slumping over lifelessly . 
 i thought of the same thing . 
 terror filled me . 
 someone pushed emma across the road . 
 a horn blared , but then emma 's foot hit the curb on the other side . 
 as she staggered across the sidewalk , the sound of cars yielded to loud , throbbing bass . 
 the aroma of grilled hamburgers and hot dogs and cigarettes drifted into emma 's nostrils . 
 there was a loud splash . 
 someone giggled . 
 someone else cried , `` love it ! '' 
 emma 's hands twitched . 
 where was she ? 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 suddenly the scarf was ripped from emma 's eyes . 
 the world lit up for me again at exactly the same time . 
 a familiar girl with long , reddish hair , pale skin , broad shoulders and a thick waist hovered in front of emma . 
 she wore a short blue dress with lace around the neck . 
 charlotte-the name came to emma . 
 `` she 's learned her lesson already , do n't you think ? '' 
 charlotte snapped , throwing the blindfold behind a potted cactus . 
 someone freed emma 's hands from their confines behind her back . 
 she no longer felt the gun pressed between her shoulder blades either . 
 emma whipped around . 
 three pretty girls in party dresses and sparkly makeup stood before her . 
 the tallest one had dark hair , jutting collarbones , a deconstructed ballerina bun , and a tattoo of a rose on the inside of her wrist . 
 madeline vega , the girl in sutton 's facebook profile photo . 
 next to madeline stood two girls with crayola-maize hair and pale blue eyes . 
 both girls held iphones . 
 one was preppy , in a polo dress , a white headband , and wedge sandals with grosgrain ties . 
 the other looked like she 'd stepped off a green day video-she wore lots of eye makeup , a plaid dress , high boots , and a stack of black jelly bracelets around her wrists . 
 they had to be gabriella and lilianna fiorello , the twitter twins . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 madeline gave emma a weak smile . 
 the twitter twins grinned , too . 
 `` since when did we get all eco ? '' 
 charlotte sighed loudly behind them . 
 `` recycling is not part of our rules . '' 
 madeline pulled the short , white a-line dress she was wearing down her thighs . 
 `` it was n't technically a repeat , char . 
 sutton knew it was us the whole time . '' 
 she raised a tube of lipstick into the air , then pressed it between emma 's shoulder blades again . 
 `` my mom 's chihuahua would 've known this was n't a gun . '' 
 emma wrenched away . 
 the tube of lipstick had definitely fooled her . 
 then , she realized something else-madeline had called her sutton , just like charlotte 's dad had . 
 `` wait a minute , '' she blurted , struggling to find her voice . 
 `` i 'm not - '' charlotte cut her off , her gaze still on madeline . 
 `` even if sutton knew it was you , it 's still poor form . 
 and you know it . '' 
 she had a sarcastic voice and a penetrating stare . 
 although charlotte was n't the prettiest in the crowd , she was clearly the alpha . 
 `` besides , since when do we do things like that with them ? '' 
 she pointed at gabriella and lilianna , who lowered their eyes sheepishly . 
 madeline fiddled with the leather strap of her oversized watch . 
 `` do n't be such a hater . 
 it was spontaneous . 
 i saw sutton and just ... went for it . '' 
 charlotte stepped a tiny bit closer to madeline and puffed up her chest . 
 `` we made up the rules together , remember ? 
 or do those tight buns you wear to ballet class cut off the circulation to your brain ? '' 
 madeline 's chin wobbled for a moment . 
 her big eyes , high cheekbones , and bow-shaped lips reminded emma of a figurehead on a ship . 
 but emma noticed madeline slowly massaging a hot-pink rabbit 's foot on the key ring of her bag , as if all the beauty in the world had n't brought her luck . 
 `` it 's better than your too-tight jeans cutting off the circulation to your butt , '' madeline shot back . 
 i reached out to madeline , but my fingers slipped through her skin . 
 `` mads ? '' 
 i called out . 
 i touched charlotte on the shoulder . 
 `` char ? '' 
 she did n't even flinch . 
 nothing new about them came back to me . 
 i knew i loved them , but i really did n't know why . 
 but how could they stand there and think emma was me ? 
 how could they not know their bff was dead ? 
 `` um , guys , '' emma tried again , staring across the wide avenue . 
 the entrance to sabino canyon glowed beckoningly in the sunset . 
 `` there 's somewhere i need to be . '' 
 madeline gave her a duh look . 
 `` uh , yeah ? 
 nisha 's party ? '' 
 she looped her arm around emma 's elbow and yanked her toward the small wrought-iron gate that led to the backyard of the house whose driveway they stood in . 
 `` look , i know you and nisha have issues , but this is the last party before school tomorrow . 
 it 's not like you have to talk to her . 
 where have you been anyway ? 
 we 've been calling you all day . 
 and what were you doing sitting in front of sabino ? 
 you looked like a zombie . '' 
 `` it was freaky , '' lilianna piped up . 
 `` super freaky , '' gabriella agreed in an identical voice . 
 then she reached into her pocket and pulled out a small prescription bottle . 
 popping off the cap , she shook two pills into her hand and pushed them into her mouth , washing them down with a swig from a diet coke bottle . 
 party girl , emma thought warily . 
 she stared at the four girls . 
 should she tell them who she really was ? 
 what if it really was dangerous ? 
 suddenly she felt her shoulder and realized that she 'd lost her duffel bag in the fake kidnapping . 
 when she looked across the street , it was still there . 
 she 'd slip away and get it as soon as she could . 
 and if sutton showed up , maybe she 'd see it and know emma had been there . 
 `` hang on a second . '' 
 emma stopped short next to a large flowering barrel cactus . 
 she wriggled her arm from madeline 's grasp and pulled her phone out of her pocket-at least it was n't in the duffel , too . 
 no new messages . 
 she shaded the screen with one hand and composed several new texts to the cell number sutton had given emma in her facebook reply last night : your friends found me . 
 i 'm at a party across the street . 
 they think i 'm you . 
 i did n't know what to tell them . 
 txt me with further instructions , k ? 
 emma typed quickly-she knew the third-place finish in the speed-texting contest in vegas two years ago would come in handy someday-and pressed send . 
 there . 
 sutton could meet her here and straighten out who was who ... or emma could meet her later and just pretend she was sutton for the duration of the party . 
 `` who are you writing to ? '' 
 madeline leaned over emma 's phone , trying to get a look at the screen . 
 `` and why are you using a blackberry ? 
 i thought you got rid of that thing . '' 
 emma slipped her phone back into her pocket before madeline could see . 
 sutton 's facebook posts flitted into emma 's mind . 
 she straightened up and gave madeline the same coy look she 'd seen her sister make in the youtube videos . 
 `` would n't you love to know , bitch . '' 
 as soon as she 'd finished saying the words , emma clamped her mouth shut and sucked in her stomach . 
 she would n't have been more surprised if a bouquet of daisies had popped out of her mouth . 
 comments like that ended up on her ciss list , not in her day-to-day conversation . 
 madeline let out a haughty sniff . 
 `` fine , ho beast . '' 
 then she whipped out her iphone . 
 a big sticker of a ballet dancer on the back said swan lake mafia . 
 `` smush in ! '' 
 everyone pressed together and smiled . 
 madeline held the phone outstretched . 
 emma stood on the end , grinning weakly . 
 and then they started down the driveway . 
 the night air had cooled significantly , and the jumbled aromas of the charcoal grill , citronella candles , and cigarettes wafted into emma 's nostrils . 
 gabriella and lilianna walked and tweeted at the same time . 
 as they bypassed the front door to cut around the stone path on the side of the house , charlotte pulled emma back so they were walking alone . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 charlotte straightened her flutter-sleeved dress so that her thick bra strap did n't show . 
 her arms were dotted with thousands of freckles . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' emma said breezily , even though her fingers still trembled , and her heart banged madly against her ribs . 
 `` so where 's laurel ? '' 
 charlotte pulled a tube of lip gloss from her purse and smeared it over her lips . 
 `` i thought you said you were going to drive her here . '' 
 emma 's eyes darted back and forth . 
 laurel . 
 that was sutton 's sister , right ? 
 she wished she had a wiki-sutton application on her blackberry or something . 
 `` uh ... '' charlotte widened her eyes . 
 `` you ditched her again , did n't you ? '' 
 she wagged her finger playfully in emma 's face . 
 `` you 're a bad , bad sister . '' 
 before emma could reply , they stepped into the backyard . 
 someone had strung a banner that said goodbye , summer ! 
 across a salmon-colored storage shed . 
 girls in long , flowing maxi dresses and boys in lacoste polos filled the patio . 
 two muscled guys in drenched hollier water polo shirts stood in the pool with two skinny girls in bikinis on their shoulders , poised for a chicken fight . 
 a girl with curly hair and long feather earrings laughed way too loudly with a younger , hotter version of tiger woods . 
 there was a long table filled with mexican hot dogs , vegetarian burritos , sushi rolls , and chocolate-covered strawberries . 
 another table held a bunch of bottles of soda , fruit punch , and ginger ale , and two big jugs of beefeater and cuervo . 
 `` whoa , '' emma could n't help but blurt when she saw the liquor . 
 she was n't much of a drinker-she and alex had once drank too much playing a twilight drinking game and took turns puking in alex 's mom 's zen rock garden . 
 and she never knew what to do at parties either . 
 she always felt shy and reserved , the freak foster kid with no home . 
 `` right ? '' 
 madeline murmured , sidling up to emma . 
 her gaze was on the table , too . 
 `` casa banerjee has gone downhill since nisha 's mom died . 
 her dad 's so oblivious these days , nisha could probably have crack pipes as door prizes and he would n't notice . '' 
 someone touched her arm . 
 `` hey , sutton , '' called a tall , buff , captain-of-a-sports-team type . 
 emma smiled broadly . 
 a petite dark-haired girl waved at emma from the drinks table by the french doors . 
 `` your dress is so pretty ! '' 
 she cooed . 
 `` is it bcbg ? '' 
 emma could n't help but feel a tiny twinge of jealousy . 
 not only did sutton have a family , but she was wildly popular , too . 
 how come emma had gotten such a crappy life and sutton had gotten the great one ? 
 i was n't sure about that , considering emma was alive and i was n't . 
 more kids passed by , brightening when they saw her . 
 emma grinned and waved and laughed , feeling like a princess greeting her loyal subjects . 
 it felt freeing and almost ... fun . 
 she understood why sometimes the shyest kids could climb onstage in school plays and completely lose their inhibitions . 
 `` there you are , '' growled a sexy voice in emma 's ear . 
 emma whirled around to see a handsome blond guy in a gray fitted polo and long khaki-green shorts . 
 a familiar facebook photo shimmered into her mind : garrett , sutton 's boyfriend . 
 `` i have n't heard from you all day . '' 
 garrett handed emma a red plastic cup filled with liquid . 
 `` i called , i texted ... where have you been ? '' 
 `` i 'm right here ! '' 
 i wanted to scream . 
 brief flashes of kisses , hand-holding , and prom slow dances with garrett flitted in and out of my brain . 
 i distinctly heard the words i love you . 
 a longing feeling struck me hard . 
 `` oh , around , '' emma answered vaguely . 
 `` but someone 's got to cut the cord a little , do n't you think ? '' 
 she added , poking garrett lightly in the ribs . 
 it was something emma had always been dying to tell every overprotective boyfriend she 'd had in the past , the kind who texted her nonstop and freaked if she did n't immediately reply . 
 plus it sounded like something sutton might say . 
 garrett pulled her close and stroked her hair . 
 `` good thing i found you . '' 
 his hand moved from her hair to her shoulder , then dangerously close to her boob . 
 `` um ... '' emma jerked away . 
 i was so happy she did . 
 garrett raised his palms in surrender . 
 `` sorry , sorry . '' 
 then her blackberry vibrated against her hip . 
 her heart leapt . 
 sutton . 
 `` be right back , '' she said to garrett . 
 he nodded , and emma wove through the crowds of people toward the house . 
 when garrett turned to talk to a tall asian guy in a world cup jersey , emma crouched low and darted to the side gate . 
 she turned to glance at the party once more and noticed someone staring at her from the large teak table across the patio . 
 it was a dark-skinned girl with big eyes and a tightly drawn mouth . 
 she wore a yellow wrap dress and a gold cuff on her bicep . 
 it was nisha , from sutton 's tennis team photo . 
 this was her party . 
 she stared at emma as though she wanted to hoist her by the scruff of her neck and throw her out on her butt . 
 even though every ounce of emma 's be-nice-and-don ` t-make-trouble being wanted to wave and smile , she steeled herself , thought of sutton , and shot nisha a bitchy look . 
 outrage flashed across nisha 's face . 
 after a moment , she whipped her head around , her ponytail smacking the face of the girl behind her . 
 a cautious feeling flitted through me . 
 nisha and i clearly had issues-big issues . 
 not that i had a clue what they were . 
 chapter 6 who can resist a brooder ? 
 nisha 's driveway was quiet and peaceful . 
 crickets chirped in the bushes , and the air was cool against emma 's bare skin . 
 bluish light from a tv flickered in the window of a house a few doors down . 
 a dog barked behind a block-wall fence . 
 emma 's pulse began to slow , and her shoulders slowly fell from their crunched position by her ears . 
 she pulled out the blackberry and stared at the screen . 
 the message was from clarice : got your note . 
 everything okay ? 
 let me know if you need anything . 
 emma deleted the message , then refreshed her inbox again . 
 no new messages . 
 then she looked across the broad highway . 
 a big floodlight shone across the sabino parking lot . 
 emma gulped . 
 the park bench was now empty . 
 had someone taken her stuff ? 
 where was sutton ? 
 and what was she supposed to do when this party ended ? 
 her wallet had been in her bag . 
 now she had no cash . 
 no id . 
 swish . 
 emma turned around and faced nisha 's house . 
 no one was in the driveway . 
 then , a stiff thwock echoed through the air , a soda can opening . 
 emma pivoted again . 
 a figure stood on the front porch of the house next door . 
 there was a large telescope by his side , but he was staring straight into emma 's eyes . 
 emma backed away . 
 `` oh . 
 sorry . '' 
 the guy stepped forward , his prominent cheekbones catching the light . 
 emma took in his round eyes , thick eyebrows , and closely shorn hair . 
 his mouth was drawn into a straight , tense line that seemed to say back off . 
 he was dressed more casually than the boys at the party , wearing frayed hiking shorts and a threadbare gray t-shirt that showed every contour of his well-muscled chest . 
 i recognized him , but of course-i should 've been getting used to this by now-i did n't know why . 
 giggles emerged from nisha 's backyard . 
 emma glanced over her shoulder , then back at the boy . 
 she was intrigued by his sullen slouch , and by the fact that he did n't seem to care that a party was raging next door . 
 she 'd always been a sucker for the brooding type . 
 `` why are n't you at the party ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the guy just stared at her , his eyes two huge moons . 
 emma walked down the sidewalk until she was right in front of his house . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 she gestured to the telescope . 
 he did n't blink . 
 `` venus ? '' 
 emma guessed . 
 `` the big dipper ? '' 
 a small noise escaped from his throat . 
 he ran his hand against the back of his neck and turned away . 
 finally emma pivoted on her heel . 
 `` fine , '' she said , trying to sound as breezy as possible . 
 `` hang out by yourself . 
 i do n't care . '' 
 `` the perseids , sutton . '' 
 emma turned back to him . 
 so he knew sutton , too . 
 `` what are the perseids ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he curled his hands around the porch railing . 
 `` it 's a meteor shower . '' 
 emma crossed toward him . 
 `` can i see ? '' 
 the guy stood motionless as emma walked through the yard . 
 his house was a small , sand-colored bungalow with a carport instead of a garage . 
 a few cacti lined the curb . 
 up close , he smelled like root beer . 
 the porch light shone down on his face , revealing striking blue eyes . 
 a plate containing a half-eaten sandwich was on the porch swing , and two leather-bound books were on the ground . 
 the tattered cover of the first book said the collected poetry of william carlos williams . 
 emma had never met a cute guy who read poetry-not one who 'd admit it , anyway . 
 finally he looked down , adjusted the telescope lens to emma 's height , and stepped out of the way . 
 emma stooped to the eyepiece . 
 `` since when did you become an astronomer ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` since never . '' 
 emma tilted the telescope to the big , full moon . 
 `` i usually just give the stars names of my own . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 like what ? '' 
 emma flicked the little lens cap , which hung from a black string off the eyepiece . 
 `` well , like the bitch star . 
 there . '' 
 she pointed to a small twinkler just over the rooftops . 
 a few years ago , she 'd named it for maria rowan , a girl in seventh grade who 'd spilled a puddle of lemonade under emma 's desk in spanish and then told everyone emma was incontinent . 
 she 'd even translated it into spanish , incontinencia . 
 emma had fantasized about rocketing maria into the sky , just like the greek gods used to banish their children to the underworld for all of eternity . 
 the guy let out a cough-like laugh . 
 `` actually , i think your bitch star is part of orion 's belt . '' 
 emma pressed her hand to her chest , like an offended southern belle . 
 `` do you talk to all the girls like that ? '' 
 he moved a little closer to her , their arms nearly touching . 
 emma 's heart jumped to her throat at the effortlessness of it all . 
 for a second , she thought about carter hayes , the captain of the henderson high school basketball team , whom she 'd adored from afar . 
 she 'd crafted tons of adorable things to say to carter in her ways to flirt list , but whenever they were alone together , she 'd always somehow found herself talking about american idol . 
 she did n't even like american idol . 
 the guy tilted his head up to the sky again . 
 `` maybe the other stars orion carries around could be the liar star and the cheater star . 
 three naughty girls who were dragged by their hair to orion 's cave . '' 
 he looked at her meaningfully . 
 emma leaned against the railing , feeling the words carried some special connotation she could n't possibly decipher . 
 `` it sounds like you 've done a lot of thinking about this . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he had the longest lashes emma had ever seen . 
 but suddenly his gaze felt less flirty and more ... curious , maybe . 
 and suddenly a flash about him came to me . 
 it was n't a memory exactly , just an odd mix of gratitude and humiliation . 
 it disappeared almost immediately , nothing more than a glimmer . 
 the guy broke his gaze away and vigorously rubbed the top of his head . 
 `` sorry . 
 it 's just ... we have n't really talked since ... you know . 
 a while . '' 
 `` well , there 's no time like the present , '' emma said . 
 a whisper of a smile appeared on his lips . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 they looked at each other again . 
 fireflies danced around their heads . 
 the air suddenly smelled like wildflowers . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 a girl 's voice called through the darkness . 
 emma turned . 
 the guy 's shoulders stiffened . 
 `` where did she go ? '' 
 someone else asked . 
 emma smoothed her hair behind her ears . 
 she peered across the front yard and saw two figures in nisha 's driveway . 
 lilianna 's black doc martens clonked as she walked . 
 gabriella held her iphone outstretched , using a flashlight app to lead the way . 
 `` be right there ! '' 
 emma yelled back . 
 she glanced at the guy . 
 `` why do n't you come over to the party ? '' 
 he made an indignant scoff . 
 `` no thanks . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 she kept smiling . 
 `` i 'll tell you all about the slutty star , the nerd star ... '' the girls reached the end of the guy 's driveway . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 lilianna yelled , squinting in the porch light . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 gabriella called . 
 slam . 
 emma whipped around . 
 the guy was gone . 
 the dried wreath that hung on the front door shook back and forth , the lock closed with a click , and the blinds on the big bay window to the right quickly twisted shut . 
 okaaaay . 
 emma walked slowly off the porch and across the yard . 
 `` was that ethan landry ? '' 
 gabriella demanded . 
 `` were you talking ? '' 
 lilianna asked at the same time . 
 her voice rippled with intrigue . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 charlotte appeared behind the twitter twins . 
 her cheeks were flushed , and her forehead looked shiny . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 gabriella paused from texting . 
 `` sutton was talking to ethan . '' 
 `` ethan landry ? '' 
 charlotte 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` mr. rebel without a cause actually spoke ? '' 
 ethan . 
 at least i could now put a name to his face . 
 and so could emma . 
 but then she took in the girls ' confused looks . 
 leave it to her to instantly bond with a guy who was n't one of sutton 's preapproved friends . 
 at that , she pulled out her phone again . 
 there still were n't any new messages or texts . 
 charlotte 's gaze felt like a piercing-hot laser ; emma had a feeling she had to come up with an explanation-fast . 
 `` i think i 've had too much to drink , '' she blurted . 
 charlotte clucked her tongue . 
 `` oh , sweetie . '' 
 she grabbed emma by the arm and steered her toward the long line of parked cars . 
 `` i 'll take you home . '' 
 emma straightened up , relieved charlotte had bought her story . 
 then she realized what charlotte was offering . 
 she was going to take her to sutton 's home . 
 `` yes , please , '' she said , and followed charlotte to her car . 
 it was a relief to me , too . 
 back at my house , maybe we 'd finally get some answers . 
 chapter 7 the bedroom emma never had charlotte pulled her big black jeep cherokee alongside the curb and shifted it into park . 
 `` here we are , madam , '' she said in a fake british accent . 
 she had driven emma to a two-story stucco house with big arched windows . 
 palms , cacti , and a couple of beautifully maintained flower beds covered the gravel front yard . 
 flowers in big stone pots lined the archway to the front door , wind chimes dangled over the front porch , and a terra-cotta sun sculpture hung over the three-car garage . 
 etched into the side of the mailbox at the curb was a simple letter m. two cars sat in the driveway , a volkswagen jetta and a big nissan suv . 
 i could only come up with one word for it : home . 
 `` someone sure got the short end of the twin stick , '' emma muttered under her breath . 
 if only becky had ditched her first . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 emma picked at a loose thread on her dress . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 charlotte touched emma 's bare arm . 
 `` did mads freak you out ? '' 
 emma regarded charlotte 's red hair and blue dress , wishing she could tell her what was going on . 
 `` i knew it was them the whole time , '' she said instead . 
 `` okay . '' 
 charlotte turned up the radio . 
 `` see you tomorrow then , drunky . 
 remember to take lots of vitamins before you pass out . 
 and , hey , sleepover at my house on friday ? 
 i promise it 'll be good . 
 my dad 's still out of town , and my mom wo n't bother us . '' 
 emma frowned . 
 `` your dad 's out of town ? '' 
 the man she 'd seen at sabino canyon popped into her head . 
 a worried look crossed charlotte 's face , the first crack in her armor emma had seen all night . 
 `` he 's been in tokyo for the past month . 
 why ? '' 
 emma ran her hand along the back of her neck . 
 `` no reason . '' 
 the guy on the trail must have been someone else . 
 she slammed the car door and walked up the driveway . 
 the air smelled citrusy from the orange and lemon trees in the front yard . 
 a silver windsock flapped on the eaves of the front porch . 
 the swirling patterns in the stucco reminded emma of icing on a cake . 
 she peeked through the foyer window and saw a crystal chandelier and a grand piano . 
 small reflective stickers on an upstairs bedroom window said , child inside . 
 in case of fire , please rescue first . 
 no foster family had ever bothered to put those stickers on emma 's windows . 
 she wished she could take a photo , but then she heard an engine rev behind her . 
 emma turned and saw charlotte watching her from the curb , one eyebrow raised . 
 just leave , emma silently willed . 
 i 'm fine . 
 the jeep did n't budge . 
 emma scanned the sidewalk , crouched down , and overturned a large rock near to the porch . 
 to her astonishment , a silver key glimmered underneath . 
 she almost burst out laughing . 
 hiding keys under rocks was something she 'd seen on tv ; she did n't think people actually did it . 
 emma climbed the porch stairs and stuck the key into the lock . 
 it turned easily . 
 she stepped across the threshold and gave charlotte another wave . 
 satisfied , charlotte pulled away from the curb . 
 the engine snarled , and the red taillights vanished into the night . 
 and then emma took a deep breath and pushed open the door to the house . 
 my house , not that i could recall much of it . 
 the creak of the porch swing i used to sit on and read magazines . 
 the smell of the lavender room spray my mom drenched the place with . 
 i could distinctly remember the sound of our doorbell , two high-pitched , tweet-like dings , and that the front door would sometimes stick a bit before opening . 
 but other than that ... the foyer was cool and silent . 
 long shadows dripped down the wall , and the tall wooden grandfather clock ticked in the corner . 
 the floorboards creaked beneath emma 's feet as she took a tentative step onto the striped carpet runner that led straight to the staircase . 
 she reached out to flip on a nearby light switch , then hesitated and pulled back . 
 she kept expecting alarms to sound , a cage to drop over her head , and people to jump out and shout , `` intruder ! '' 
 grasping the banister , emma tiptoed up the stairs in the darkness . 
 maybe sutton was upstairs . 
 maybe she just fell asleep , and this was all a big misunderstanding . 
 this night could be salvaged . 
 she could still have the fairy-tale reunion she 'd imagined . 
 a brown wicker hamper stuffed with dirty towels sat just outside a white-tiled bathroom at the top of the landing . 
 two night-lights glowed near the baseboard , casting yellowish columns of light up the wall . 
 dog tags jingled from behind a closed door at the end of the hall . 
 emma turned and gazed at a bedroom door . 
 pictures of supermodels on a parisian catwalk and james blake and andy roddick playing at wimbledon hung at eye level , and a pink-glitter placard that said sutton swung from the knob . 
 bingo . 
 emma pushed gently at the door . 
 it gave way easily and soundlessly . 
 the room was fragrant with notes of mint , lily of the valley , and fabric softener . 
 moonlight streamed through the window and spilled across a perfectly made four-poster bed . 
 a giraffe-print rug sat to its left , and an egg chair in the corner was strewn with t-shirts , bikini tops , and a few balled-up pairs of sports socks . 
 on the windowsills were candles in big glass jars , blue , green , and brown wine bottles with flowers protruding from their mouths , and a bunch of empty valrhona french chocolate wrappers . 
 every available surface was covered with pillows-there were at least ten on the bed , three on the chair , and even a couple of others strewn around on the floor . 
 a long , white-wood desk held a sleeping macbook air laptop and a printer . 
 a single card that said sutton 's eighteenth birthday bash ! 
 fabulousness required ! 
 was propped up next to the mouse . 
 a filing cabinet beneath the desk had a big pink padlock on the handle and a sticker that said the l game . 
 was that like the l word ? 
 but there was one crucial thing missing , emma thought . 
 sutton . 
 of course i was missing . 
 i gazed around the quiet room along with emma , hoping it might spark a memory-or a clue . 
 was there a reason the window that faced the backyard was halfway open ? 
 had i deliberately left a copy of teen vogue open to an article about fashion week in london ? 
 i could n't remember reading that issue , let alone why i 'd stopped at that page . 
 i could n't remember any of the items in this room , all the things that used to be mine . 
 emma checked her phone again . 
 no new messages . 
 she wanted to look around the house , but what if she bumped into something ... or someone ? 
 she reached for her phone and composed a new text to sutton 's number : i 'm in your bedroom now . 
 wherever you are , text me back to let me know you 're okay . 
 i 'm worried . 
 she pressed send . 
 a split second later , a muffled ding-dong emanated from across the room , which made emma jump . 
 she moved in the direction of the sound , a silver clutch bag next to the computer . 
 she unzipped it . 
 inside was an iphone in a pink case and a blue kate spade wallet . 
 emma pulled out the phone and gasped . 
 the text she 'd just written glowed on the screen . 
 she immediately began to scroll through the day 's texts . 
 there was the last one emma had sent . 
 above that , at 8:20 , was a text from laurel mercer , sutton 's sister : thanks for nothing , bitch . 
 emma dropped the phone and backed away from the desk , as if it was suddenly covered in toxic mold . 
 i ca n't look through her phone , she scolded herself silently . 
 sutton might walk in any minute and see . 
 that would n't be the greatest way to start off the sisterly relationship . 
 she picked up her blackberry again and sent sutton a private message on facebook saying the same thing-maybe sutton was just downstairs on a different computer and had forgotten her phone ? 
 then she surveyed the rest of the room . 
 behind the desk was a bulletin board plastered with pictures of sutton and her friends , the girls emma had met just hours ago . 
 some of them looked recent : in a picture of sutton , charlotte , madeline , and laurel at the monkey house at the tucson zoo , charlotte wore the same blue dress she 'd had on at the party tonight . 
 there was one of sutton , madeline , laurel , and a familiar dark-haired boy standing at the edge of a canyon waterfall . 
 laurel and the guy splashed each other while sutton and madeline struck aloof , blase poses . 
 other photos looked much older , maybe from junior high . 
 there was a picture of the trio of friends standing over a bowl of cookie dough in someone 's kitchen , trying to shove goopy spoons in one another 's faces . 
 madeline wore a ballet leotard and was , er , flatter than she was now . 
 charlotte had braces and rounder cheeks . 
 emma stared at sutton ; it was her identical face , just four years younger . 
 tiptoeing to sutton 's closet in the corner , emma wrapped her hand around the knob . 
 was snooping in sutton 's closet just as bad as looking through her texts ? 
 deciding it was n't , she pulled open the door to reveal a big square room filled with wooden hangers and organized shelves . 
 sighing wistfully , she reached out and touched all the dresses , blouses , blazers , sweaters , and skirts , pressing some of the soft fabrics to her cheek . 
 a couple of games were piled in the back of the closet : clue and scattergories and monopoly . 
 on top of that was a box that said junior birdwatcher 's kit . 
 it included a bird book and a pair of binoculars . 
 a tag on the front read : to sutton , love dad . 
 the box looked unopened ; emma figured sutton had n't much liked the gift . 
 she touched a file folder stuffed with what looked like old tests and papers . 
 a spelling quiz from fifth grade had an a-plus on top of it , but a ninth-grade book report on fahrenheit 451 had earned a c , accompanied by a note in red pen that said clearly did not read the book . 
 then she noticed a paper titled `` my family history . '' 
 i do n't know my real family history , sutton had typed . 
 i was adopted when i was a baby . 
 my parents told me when i was a little girl . 
 i 've never met my birth mother , and i know nothing about her . 
 emma felt ashamed for smiling , but she could n't help it . 
 emma spotted a jewelry case toward the back of the closet ; she opened the lid and sifted through sutton 's chunky bracelets , delicate gold necklaces , and dangling silver earrings . 
 she did n't see the locket sutton had worn in the snuff video though . 
 maybe she was wearing it now ? 
 i looked down at my shimmering body . 
 i did n't have it on . 
 perhaps it was with my real body . 
 my dead body . 
 wherever that was . 
 in the three-way mirror at the back of sutton 's closet , emma blinked at multiple versions of her stupefied reflection . 
 where are you , sutton ? 
 she implored in her head . 
 why did you make me come all this way and then not show up ? 
 she exited the closet . 
 when she sat down on sutton 's bed , exhaustion flattened her like a bullet train . 
 her head throbbed . 
 every muscle felt like a wrung-out sponge . 
 she leaned back on the mattress . 
 it was as soft as a cloud , way better than the kmart blue light specials foster families always stuck her with . 
 she kicked off her wedges and heard them thud to the floor . 
 she might as well wait here for sutton . 
 surely she 'd show up sooner or later . 
 her breathing slowed . 
 fake news items swirled through her mind . 
 girl impersonates sister at party . 
 sister is kind of a flake . 
 surely tomorrow would be a better day . 
 twin sisters finally meet , maybe . 
 emma turned over on her side and snuggled into the tide-scented pillow . 
 the shapes and shadows in the big bedroom became blurrier and blurrier . 
 and with another few breaths , everything faded away for both of us . 
 chapter 8 coffee , muffins , mistaken identity ... `` sutton . 
 sutton . '' 
 emma awoke to someone shaking her shoulders . 
 she was in a bright room . 
 green-and-white striped curtains fluttered at the window . 
 the ceiling was smooth and unlined . 
 a low bureau and a large lcd-screen tv sat in the place where clarice 's ratty dresser used to be . 
 wait a minute . 
 she was n't at clarice 's anymore . 
 emma sat up . 
 `` sutton , '' the voice said again . 
 a blond woman hovered over her . 
 there were tiny streaks of gray at her temples and minute lines around her eyes . 
 she wore a blue suit , high heels , and a lot of makeup . 
 the photo of sutton 's family raising slushy drinks into the air flickered in emma 's mind . 
 this was sutton 's mom . 
 emma leapt out of bed , staring crazily around the room . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` you have exactly ten minutes to get to school . '' 
 mrs. mercer shoved a dress on a hanger and pair of t-strap heels at her . 
 she paused on emma for a moment . 
 `` i hope you did n't walk in front of the open window like that . '' 
 emma looked down at herself . 
 at some point in the night , she 'd sleep-stripped off the striped dress she 'd worn to the party and now wore only a bra and a pair of boy shorts . 
 she quickly crossed her arms over her chest . 
 then she stared at the wedges she 'd kicked to the floor last night . 
 they lay in the exact same spot she 'd left them . 
 sutton 's silver clutch and pink-cased iphone still sat on her desk . 
 reality snapped into nauseating focus . 
 sutton did n't come back last night , emma realized . 
 she never found me . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 emma grabbed mrs. mercer 's arm . 
 this had gone too far . 
 something was really wrong . 
 `` this is a mistake . '' 
 `` of course it 's a mistake . '' 
 mrs. mercer rushed across the room and threw a pair of champion mesh shorts , a racer-back tank top , sneakers , and a wilson tennis racket into a big red tennis bag with the name sutton stitched across the side . 
 `` did n't you set an alarm ? '' 
 then she paused and smacked herself lightly on the forehead . 
 `` what am i thinking ? 
 of course you did n't . 
 it 's you . '' 
 i watched my mom as she dropped the tennis bag on the bed and zipped it up tight . 
 even my own mother could n't tell that emma was n't me . 
 mrs. mercer pointed emma toward the dress she 'd laid flat on the bed . 
 when emma did n't move , she sighed , yanked the dress from the hanger , and dragged it over emma 's head . 
 `` i can trust you to put your shoes on by yourself , ca n't i ? '' 
 mrs. mercer said tightly , holding up a shoe by its t-strap . 
 the label said marc by marc jacobs . 
 `` be down for breakfast in two minutes . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 emma protested , but mrs. mercer had already marched out of the room and slammed the door so hard that a snapshot of sutton , laurel , charlotte , and madeline fell from the bulletin board and landed facedown on the floor . 
 emma stared around the silent room in panic . 
 she darted to the ottoman where she 'd left her cell phone . 
 no new messages , said the screen . 
 she raced to sutton 's iphone on the desk . 
 there was one new text since she 'd last checked , but it was only from garrett : you vanished last night ! 
 see you in first period ? 
 xx ! 
 `` this is insane , '' emma whispered . 
 the post she 'd seen on sutton 's facebook wall before she left vegas popped into her head . 
 ever think about running away ? 
 i do . 
 could sutton have run away thinking emma could take her place long enough for her to get a head start ? 
 she strode barefoot out of sutton 's bedroom and down the stairs . 
 the downstairs hallway was decorated with huge framed family photographs : school pictures , shots from family vacations to paris and san diego , and a portrait of the mercer family at what looked like a fancy wedding in palm springs . 
 emma followed the sound of the morning news and the smell of coffee to the kitchen . 
 it was a huge room with sparkling , floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out onto a brick patio and the mountains beyond . 
 the counters were dark , the cabinets white , and there was a bunch of pineapple paraphernalia all over the room-wooden pineapples atop the cabinets , a ceramic pineapple cylinder that held spatulas and slotted spoons , a pineapple-shaped placard near the back door that said welcome ! 
 mrs. mercer poured coffee at the sink . 
 sutton 's sister , laurel , dissected a croissant at the kitchen table , dressed in a flowing printed top that looked identical to a shirt emma had seen in sutton 's closet last night . 
 mr. mercer stepped in through the door , carrying plastic-wrapped copies of the wall street journal and the tucson daily star . 
 emma noticed his doctor 's coat , which said j mercer , orthopedic surgery . 
 like mrs. mercer , he was also a little older than most of the foster parents emma had known , possibly a well-preserved fiftysomething . 
 emma wondered if they 'd tried to have kids on their own before adopting sutton . 
 and what about laurel ? 
 she had the same square jaw as mrs. mercer and the same round blue eyes as mr. mercer . 
 perhaps she was their biological daughter . 
 maybe the mercers had finally conceived as soon as the adoption had gone through-emma had read about that phenomenon somewhere . 
 everyone looked up when emma appeared in the doorway , including an enormous great dane . 
 he rose from a striped doggie bed by the door and trotted over . 
 he sniffed her hand , his big jowls grazing her skin . 
 drake , glinted a bone-shaped tag on his collar . 
 emma stood absolutely still . 
 in seconds , drake would probably start barking his head off , knowing emma was n't who everyone thought she was . 
 but then drake snorted , turned , and trotted back to his bed . 
 a flash about drake suddenly bubbled to the surface for me . 
 his loud panting . 
 the feel of his tongue on my face . 
 how he 'd howl goofily whenever an ambulance roared by . 
 i felt an achy longing to wrap my arms around his big neck and kiss his cold , wet nose . 
 mrs. mercer set down a bottle of vitamins and walked over to emma . 
 `` drink . '' 
 she shoved a glass of orange juice toward emma . 
 `` do you have cash for lunch ? '' 
 `` i need to tell you something , '' emma said loudly and sharply . 
 everyone stopped and stared at her . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i 'm not sutton . 
 your daughter is missing . 
 she might have run away . '' 
 a spoon clattered against a plate , and mrs. mercer 's eyebrows arched . 
 emma braced herself for something awful to happen-alarms to go off , fireworks to erupt , ninjas to emerge from the laundry room and take her down , anything that might indicate what she 'd just revealed was very , very dangerous . 
 but then mr. mercer just shook his head and took a sip of coffee from an aloha from hawaii ! 
 pineapple mug . 
 `` and who , pray tell , might you be ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm her ... long-lost twin sister , emma . 
 i was supposed to meet sutton yesterday . 
 but she 's ... gone . '' 
 mrs. mercer blinked rapidly . 
 mr. mercer exchanged an incredulous look with laurel . 
 `` save the creativity for english class . '' 
 mrs. mercer plucked a croissant from a platter on the island and pushed it toward emma . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 my name is emma , '' she told them . 
 `` emma , hmm ? 
 and what 's your last name ? '' 
 `` pa - '' emma started , but laurel slammed her coffee cup to the table . 
 `` you seriously do n't believe her , do you , mom ? 
 she 's just trying to get out of school . '' 
 `` of course i do n't believe her . '' 
 mrs. mercer pushed a folded piece of paper into emma 's hand . 
 `` here 's your schedule . 
 laurel , can you get sleeping beauty 's shoes and tennis bag from upstairs ? '' 
 `` why do i have to do it ? '' 
 laurel whined . 
 `` because i do n't trust your sister . '' 
 mrs. mercer grabbed a set of keys from a pineapple-shaped holder by the cordless phone . 
 `` she might fall back to sleep . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 laurel groaned and scraped back her chair . 
 emma stared blankly at the shiny brass buttons on mrs. mercer 's business suit , then at the new-agey crystal necklace at her throat . 
 how could this be happening ? 
 why did n't they believe her ? 
 was it that crazy ? 
 maybe . 
 even though i wanted my parents to believe what emma was saying , it did kind of sound insane . 
 laurel walked across the room toward the stairs . 
 `` thanks a lot for last night , jerk , '' she hissed at emma as she passed . 
 emma stepped back as if laurel had just slapped her . 
 then she remembered charlotte 's remark at the party . 
 did you ditch laurel again ? 
 you 're a bad , bad sister . 
 there was also the text from laurel on sutton 's phone : thanks for nothing , bitch . 
 `` i did n't ditch you . '' 
 emma spun around and stared at laurel 's receding back . 
 `` i was waiting for sutton when madeline dragged me to the party . 
 i had no control . '' 
 laurel backtracked and stopped right in front of emma . 
 `` sure , sutton . 
 just blow off the one thing i asked you weeks ago to do . 
 i was basically stranded at red door . 
 i bet you rigged it so you knew my phone was about to die , too , huh ? '' 
 she had natural highlights and tiny freckles across her nose . 
 her wide jaw worked a fresh piece of juicy fruit gum . 
 `` where 's your locket ? '' 
 emma 's hand fluttered to her collarbone and she shrugged helplessly . 
 laurel 's lips parted . 
 she let out a low scoff . 
 `` but i thought it was so special to you , '' she said icily . 
 `` something no one else has . 
 ` the only way someone 's getting this from me is if they chop off my head ! ' '' 
 her voice took on a singsong quality as she mimicked sutton 's . 
 `` girls , do n't fight , '' mr. mercer warned , reaching across the kitchen island to grab his leather briefcase and car keys . 
 `` yes , do n't fight , '' mrs. mercer urged . 
 `` just get those bags , okay ? 
 you have thirty seconds . '' 
 laurel whirled around and started up the stairs . 
 `` whose car are you taking ? 
 sutton , is yours still at madeline 's ? '' 
 mrs. mercer turned to emma , waiting . 
 `` uh , yes ? '' 
 emma guessed . 
 `` we 'll take mine , '' laurel yelled from the floor above . 
 mrs. mercer ushered emma out into the foyer . 
 emma 's nose twitched with the smell of fracas perfume . 
 she looked deep into the woman 's eyes , trying to convey exactly who she was ... and exactly who she was n't . 
 surely she 'd recognize her own daughter , right ? 
 but mrs. mercer just pressed her hands on emma 's shoulders . 
 a tendon stood out in her neck . 
 `` can you please go easy on us today ? '' 
 she shut her eyes and let out a huge sigh . 
 `` we 're throwing you a huge birthday party in two weeks . 
 just once can you actually earn it ? '' 
 emma flinched , then quickly nodded . 
 apparently they really did n't believe her . 
 laurel thundered back down the stairs with a bunch of sports bags and purses in her arms . 
 she pushed the t-straps mrs. mercer had picked out , the tennis duffel , and a buttery-leather beige purse emma did n't recognize into emma 's arms . 
 emma peeked inside the handbag . 
 sutton 's blue kate spade wallet and pink-cased iphone were nestled into the inside pockets . 
 at the bottom of the bag were pens , pencils , dior mascara , and a spanking-new ipad . 
 emma raised her eyebrows . 
 at least she 'd finally find out what an ipad was like . 
 mrs. mercer opened the front door wide . 
 `` get out of here . '' 
 laurel strode to the porch , her car keys jingling in her hands . 
 a silver return to tiffany and co. keychain dangled from the ring . 
 after shoving on her shoes , emma followed . 
 she had a feeling that if she did n't , mrs. mercer would jab her out the door with the decorative rowing oar that stood in the corner of the foyer . 
 as soon as emma stepped outside , sweat beaded at her forehead . 
 sprinklers hissed on the lawn across the street , and little kids in plaid school uniforms waited at the corner for the bus . 
 laurel glared at emma over her shoulder as she walked across the driveway , her high heels making staccato clacks . 
 `` that was a lame way to try to get out of school . '' 
 she hit a button on the keychain remote . 
 after two short bleeps , a black vw jetta under the basketball hoop unlocked . 
 `` your long-lost twin sister ? 
 where 'd you come up with that ? '' 
 emma peered across the street again . 
 she kept hoping to see sutton saunter down the sidewalk , ready with an apology and an explanation . 
 bees swarmed impassively around the flowering bushes . 
 a landscaping truck trundled past . 
 the mountain range glowed in the rising sun , sabino canyon somewhere among it . 
 `` hello , space cadet ? '' 
 emma flinched . 
 laurel walked toward her again , a small white envelope in her hands . 
 sutton , it said on the front in tall capital letters . 
 `` it was under my wiper . '' 
 laurel 's voice was tinged with bitterness . 
 `` do you have another secret admirer ? '' 
 emma considered the note for a moment . 
 a few buds of pollen had stained the upper right corner . 
 should she open something that was n't hers ? 
 but laurel kept staring , waiting , snapping her gum in emma 's ear . 
 finally emma gave laurel a look . 
 `` do you mind giving me a little space ? '' 
 it sounded like something sutton might say . 
 laurel sniffed and took one step away . 
 emma slid her finger under the flap on the envelope and pulled out a sheet of lined paper . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 tell no one . 
 keep playing along ... or you 're next . 
 emma whipped around the yard , but the morning was eerily still . 
 the school bus grumbled to the corner and picked up the little kids . 
 as it pulled away , its squeaky brakes sounded like screams . 
 `` what 's it say ? '' 
 laurel leaned over . 
 emma quickly crumpled the note in her hand . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 her voice was barely audible . 
 laurel 's lip curled in a snarl . 
 then she opened the passenger door and pointed to the seat . 
 `` just get in . '' 
 emma did as she was told , dazedly slumping into the seat and staring straight ahead . 
 her heart pounded so hard she was afraid it might explode . 
 `` you 're being so weird , '' laurel said , starting the car . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 as i watched , spots began to cloud my vision . 
 a rushing sound whooshed in my ears . 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 i heard laurel say again and again . 
 the words rippled out in waves , growing louder and louder . 
 suddenly i saw laurel sitting in a dark grotto . 
 light danced across her face . 
 the corners of her mouth turned down . 
 tears dotted her eyes . 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 what 's wrong with you ? 
 the words clanged in my head like a clapper in a bell . 
 a tiny flare erupted in the darkness of my mind . 
 and then another flare , and then another . 
 it was like a line of falling dominoes , cascading until i had a fully formed scene from my past . 
 a memory . 
 all at once , i could distinctly remember where and when laurel had asked , `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 before . 
 and that was n't the only thing i saw ... . 
 chapter 9 imitation is the highest form of flattery `` the party has officially started , '' i call , strutting out from behind a big boulder where i changed into a silver bikini . 
 my legs are freshly waxed , my face is blemish-free , and my hair glows softly in the lights from the resort . 
 all eyes are on me . 
 garrett whistles . 
 `` you put the hot in hot springs . '' 
 i grin . 
 `` you know it . '' 
 garrett beckons me closer . 
 he 's submerged in the warm , swirling water of the hot springs at the clayton resort , a secret spa in the shadows of the mountains . 
 we are n't technically allowed to be here-the spring is strictly for the wealthiest visitors-but that was n't about to stop my friends and me . 
 we always find ways of getting what we want . 
 `` come on in , dahling , '' madeline calls . 
 she 's already in the hot spring , too . 
 her hair is swept up on the top of her head in a sloppy bun , her arms are lithe from her million-hours-a-week of pilates and ballet , and the heat from the water gives her skin a sexy sheen . 
 mads always looks a little bit better than i do , which always pisses me off . 
 and she 's sitting close to garrett-a little too close . 
 not that i 'm really worried about anything happening-both madeline and garrett know i 'd kill them if it did-but i like to have garrett all to myself . 
 we 've only been dating for two months . 
 everyone thinks i 'm dating him because he 's one of the school 's star soccer players , or because he looks devastatingly gorgeous on top of the lifeguard stand at the w resort pool , or because his family has a beach house in cabo san lucas that they visit every spring . 
 but the truth is , i like garrett because he 's a little ... damaged . 
 he is n't like all the other cocky guys around here , living their charmed , uneventful , hermetically sealed suburban lives . 
 i wedge myself between the two of them , shooting madeline a cool smile . 
 `` you were n't feeling my boyfriend up under the water , were you , mads ? 
 i know you have some trouble telling guys apart . '' 
 madeline 's face flushes . 
 not long ago , shortly after mads 's brother , thayer , took off , mads made out with a dark-haired guy from ventana prep at a party in the desert . 
 after a while , she excused herself to refresh her drink , returned to the designated make-out area , and resumed kissing again ... except this new guy was blond . 
 madeline did n't even notice for at least a couple of minutes ; i was the only one who 'd seen . 
 sometimes i wonder if mads is trying really hard to do the lindsay lohan thing : pretty girl goes rogue , gets wild , and screws up life . 
 i pat madeline 's shoulder , which is warm from the steam . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 your secret is safe with me . '' 
 i pantomime locking my lips and throwing away the key . 
 then i sink down into the hot water . 
 some girls get into the springs slowly , making little squeals as they expose an inch of flesh to the heat at a time . 
 i like to plunge in all at once . 
 the eye-watering burn gives me a rush . 
 charlotte is the next one to emerge from behind the rocks . 
 she 's still wearing a pink terry-cloth cover-up , her hands shielding her pale , pudgy legs . 
 we all cheer hello . 
 laurel follows right behind charlotte , giggling hysterically . 
 i sigh and curl my toes under the water . 
 what is laurel doing here ? 
 i did n't invite her . 
 garrett 's cell phone rings . 
 mom , says the caller id . 
 `` i 'd better get that , '' he murmurs . 
 he pushes out of the spring , water plopping onto the rocks . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he says in a gentle voice , disappearing into the trees . 
 madeline rolls her eyes good-naturedly . 
 `` garrett 's such a mama 's boy . '' 
 `` it 's not like he does n't have a good reason , '' charlotte says in a know-it-all voice . 
 she perches on a rock close to the springs . 
 `` i mean , when we were togeth - '' `` why do n't you get in with us this time , char ? '' 
 i interrupt , wanting to cut charlotte off before she starts in on another one of her i-know-what 's - best-since-i-dated-your-boyfriend-before-you monologues . 
 charlotte pulls her legs away from the water . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she says prissily . 
 i giggle . 
 `` c'mon . 
 what 's a little lobster-splotchy skin among friends ? 
 i bet some guys find heat hives sexy . '' 
 charlotte twists her mouth and moves her bare foot farther away from the water . 
 `` i 'm fine right here , sutton . '' 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 i grab madeline 's iphone from a nearby rock . 
 `` picture time ! 
 everyone gather around ! '' 
 all of us squeeze into the frame and i snap the flash . 
 `` good , but not great , '' i say when i check the result . 
 `` mads , you 're doing your beauty-queen face again . '' 
 i frame my face with my hands and give them an all-i-want-is-world-peace smile . 
 laurel looks over my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not in it at all . '' 
 she points out her arm , the only part of her body that made it in the photo . 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 `` i planned it that way . '' 
 a heartbroken look crosses laurel 's face . 
 madeline and charlotte shift uncomfortably . 
 after a moment , charlotte pokes laurel 's shoulder . 
 `` love the necklace , laur . '' 
 laurel brightens a little . 
 `` thanks ! 
 i got it today . '' 
 `` very pretty , '' madeline chimes in . 
 i lean over to see what all the fuss is about . 
 a large silver circle dangles from laurel 's neck . 
 `` can i see that ? '' 
 i ask laurel in the sweetest voice i can muster . 
 laurel looks at me nervously , then leans closer . 
 `` pretty . '' 
 i trace my finger over the locket . 
 `` pretty familiar . '' 
 i narrow my eyes , lift my hair from my neck , and show her the same necklace around my throat . 
 i 'd had it forever , but i 'd only started wearing it recently . 
 i 'd announced to the group that it was going to be my signature necklace , like how nicole richie always wears drapey boho dresses or how kate moss does the blazer and micro-denim-shorts thing . 
 laurel was there when i said it , too . 
 she was also there when i 'd added that from then on i was never going to take it off . 
 the only way someone was going to get it from me was if they chopped off my head . 
 laurel fiddles with the strap on her bikini top . 
 she 's wearing what i call her slut-kini ; the top 's straps are so thin and the triangles so small that she 's practically giving all of us a free peepshow . 
 `` it 's not quite the same , '' she argues . 
 `` your locket is bigger , see ? 
 and mine is n't even a locket . 
 it does n't open . '' 
 charlotte squints at my neck , then at laurel 's . 
 `` she 's right , sutton . '' 
 `` yeah , they 're different enough , '' madeline agrees . 
 i want to fling molten-hot water into their faces . 
 how dare my friends fuss over my sister 's complete lack of originality ? 
 it 's bad enough laurel tagged along with us . 
 it 's bad enough that my friends let her into our club just because they feel sorry for her after thayer 's disappearance . 
 and it 's really bad enough that my parents-especially my dad-dote on her at home , meanwhile treating me like i 'm a bomb about to detonate . 
 before i know what i 'm doing , my hand wraps around the locket and i yank the chain from laurel 's neck . 
 then i fling it into the woods . 
 there 's a tiny plink of metal bouncing off one of the rocks , and then a nearly inaudible rustling sound as the necklace lands in the thick brush . 
 laurel blinks hard . 
 `` w-why did you do that ? '' 
 `` that 's what you get for copying me . '' 
 tears fill her eyes . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 she lets out a tortured wail , climbs out of the hot springs , catapults over the rocks , and runs into the woods . 
 no one moves for a few long beats . 
 steam swirls around my friends ' faces , but it suddenly seems foreboding instead of sexy . 
 i groan and climb out of the water , too , feeling a stab of guilt . 
 `` laurel ! '' 
 i call into the woods . 
 no answer . 
 i jam my feet into my flip-flops , pull on a t-shirt and a pair of terry-cloth shorts , and start in the direction she went . 
 the solar lights that line the path end a few yards past the springs , giving way to eerie darkness . 
 i take a few tentative steps into a thicket of mesquite trees , my arms outstretched in front of me . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 i hear a flutter close by , then a snap . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 i take another few steps , pushing through tall desert grass . 
 tiny cactus spines prick my skin . 
 more footsteps . 
 a sob . 
 `` laurel , come on , '' i say through clenched teeth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , okay ? 
 i 'll buy you a new necklace . '' 
 one that does n't look exactly like mine , i want to add . 
 after passing a few more trees , i emerge into an empty clearing-a long-dried-out creek bed . 
 hot , stale air hangs heavily around my face . 
 twisted shadows spill across the cracked earth . 
 cicadas croak noisily in the bushes . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 i cry . 
 i ca n't see the resort lights through the trees anymore . 
 i 'm not even sure where the resort is . 
 then , i hear a footstep . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i call out , suddenly alert . 
 something blinks at me from the savanna grass . 
 i hear a whisper , followed by a faraway giggle . 
 and then i feel a hand on my shoulder . 
 something cold and sharp presses up against my neck . 
 my whole body stiffens . 
 strong hands grab me and pin my arms back . 
 something presses against my throat , cutting off my breathing , digging into my skin . 
 pain shoots through me . 
 it 's a knife . 
 `` scream and you die , '' a voice rasps in my ear . 
 and then ... darkness . 
 chapter 10 every guy loves a felon i snapped back to laurel 's car , where emma sat stiffly in the passenger seat as she backed out of the driveway . 
 sutton 's dead , she thought . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 it was impossible to comprehend . 
 dead ... where ? 
 how ? 
 did it have to do with that snuff video ? 
 had someone actually strangled her ? 
 a tight ball filled her stomach . 
 her eyes watered with tears . 
 even though she 'd never met her sister , even though she 'd found out about her existence only two days earlier , it was an earth-shattering loss . 
 discovering she had a twin was like hitting the jackpot , something emma had never dared to dream of . 
 all the hope she 'd bottled up for years had reached a crescendo these past two days . 
 and now ... think about how i felt . 
 i 'd stared hard at the note when emma opened it . 
 actually seeing sutton 's dead written there on the paper in black and white made it undeniable . 
 i was really dead . 
 gone . 
 and i had been murdered-my jumbled memories had been right . 
 the darkness . 
 the flailing . 
 the knife at my throat . 
 now whoever had done this wanted a sister i 'd never met to take my place so no one else would ever find out the truth . 
 as if it was that easy ! 
 if only i had a say in this . 
 i did n't want to hand my life over to someone else . 
 and emma did n't want to step into it either . 
 she sniffed loudly and laurel turned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the corners of her mouth turned down . 
 emma pressed her fingertips against the note . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 laurel deserved to see this , did n't she ? 
 sutton 's very own sister should know she was dead , right ? 
 yet , emma could n't show her . 
 what if laurel did n't believe her , figuring it was just another attempt to skip school ? 
 and what if the second part of the threat was true ? 
 keep playing along , or you 're next . 
 if emma told someone , something terrible could happen . 
 `` nothing , '' she finally answered . 
 laurel shrugged and rolled down the neighborhood street , turning right at a big park with a dog run , a huge playground , and three outdoor tennis courts . 
 when she made another turn , a line of organic markets , high-end nail salons , and funky boutiques flanked one side , and a ups store , a stucco police station , and the stone entrance for hollier high school were on the other . 
 cars jammed the left-turn lane , waiting to enter the school lot . 
 blond girls in ray-bans lazed in convertibles . 
 the bass throbbed inside a big escalade with a hollier varsity football bumper sticker . 
 a dark-haired girl on a sea-green vespa wove through the waiting cars , sometimes with just a few inches to spare . 
 emma stared at the police station as they made the turn into the school . 
 six squad cars sat in the parking lot . 
 a cop in a uniform stubbed out a cigarette on the front walk . 
 laurel gunned the car up a small slope and passed a large red sign that said junior parking lot . 
 she glanced at emma out of the corner of her eye . 
 `` you ca n't lie to mom forever about where your car is . 
 and i do n't really want to be your chauffeur for the rest of the year . '' 
 just then , something occurred to emma . 
 she turned to sutton 's sister . 
 `` why did n't you just drive your car to nisha 's party last night ? '' 
 laurel blew air out of her cheeks . 
 `` duh . 
 because dad took it into the shop . 
 you knew that . '' 
 they drove past the line of parked cars . 
 the mood was like a tailgate party before a football game . 
 kids lounged on the bumpers , sipping jamba juice smoothies . 
 guys played soccer in the dusty square to the right of the lot . 
 three pretty girls wearing sherbet-colored havaiana flip-flops watched a slide show of vacation photos on a laptop propped up inside a mini hatchback . 
 sutton 's dead , emma thought once more . 
 the realization kept sweeping over her like a series of crashing waves . 
 she had to do something . 
 she could n't keep this to herself any longer . 
 no matter what the note said . 
 emma 's heart started to pound . 
 laurel pulled into a space near a large trash can already filled to the brim with water bottles and starbucks cups . 
 as soon as she cut the engine , emma yanked at the door handle , leapt out of the car , and took off through the field toward the police station . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 laurel screamed behind her . 
 `` sutton ? 
 what the hell ? '' 
 emma did n't answer . 
 she picked her way across the hardscrabble vegetation that separated the school from the police-station parking lot . 
 brambles scratched her arms , but she barely noticed . 
 she emerged on a narrow strip of lawn and burst through the station doors . 
 it was cool and dark inside . 
 the big room , arranged into a series of cubicles and desks , smelled like kung pao chicken and sweat . 
 phones rang , walkie-talkies buzzed , and a sports radio droned in the background . 
 the venetian blinds had dust on the slats , and there was a crumpled fanta can full of cigarette butts on the floor near the door . 
 on the far wall was a big bulletin board tacked with if you see something , say something posters and most wanted lists . 
 a black-and-white photo of a young guy with dark hair and familiar soulful eyes caught emma 's eye . 
 missing since june 17 . 
 thayer vega . 
 it was the same eerie poster emma had seen on sutton 's facebook . 
 a wild-haired older man in a trench coat took up most of the only bench . 
 there were handcuffs around his wrists . 
 when he saw emma , he brightened and gave her a big i 'm - the-kind-of-guy-who-shows-my-naughty-parts-to-little-girls smile . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 emma turned . 
 a young cop with white-blond buzz-cut hair eyed her from behind a big desk . 
 a small oscillating fan on his desk blew stale air into her face . 
 the screen saver on his monitor showed pictures of two bug-eyed children in baseball and gymnastic uniforms . 
 emma eyed the handcuffs linked to his belt and the gun in his holster . 
 she licked her lips and took a few steps toward him . 
 `` i want to report a ... a missing person . 
 possibly a murder . '' 
 blondie 's pale , almost nonexistent eyebrows shot up . 
 `` who 's missing ? '' 
 `` my twin sister . '' 
 and then , everything that had happened spewed out of her , spurting like blood from a wound . 
 `` last night , i thought it was just a miscommunication , and sutton was fine , '' she finished . 
 `` but this morning , i got this . '' 
 she unfolded the note and smoothed it out on the cop 's desk . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 tell no one . 
 keep playing along ... or you 're next . 
 it looked so real and scary under the harsh fluorescent lights . 
 blondie 's lips moved silently as he read it . 
 `` sutton , '' he whispered emphatically . 
 it was as though a light bulb had illuminated over his head . 
 he picked up the receiver on his phone and pressed a button . 
 `` quinlan ? 
 you free ? '' 
 he hung up the phone and patted the orange chair next to his desk . 
 `` stay here , '' he told emma . 
 then he grabbed the note , strode to the back of the station , and disappeared into a small office marked detective quinlan . 
 emma stared at the officer 's profile in silhouette against the large , bright back window . 
 his hands moved quickly as he spoke . 
 the door to the detective 's office swung open again , and the blond cop strode out . 
 quinlan , a taller , older , dark-haired guy with a manila folder under his arm and a university of arizona coffee mug in his hand , followed . 
 when he saw emma at the front desk , he grimaced . 
 `` how many times are we going to go down this road ? '' 
 he demanded , waving emma 's note in the air . 
 emma looked around . 
 was he talking to someone else ? 
 besides mr. indecent exposure on the bench , she was the only person in the room . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 quinlan leaned his forearms on the back of the chair . 
 `` although a fake murder threat is a new one even for you , sutton . '' 
 sutton 's name was a punch to emma 's gut . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm not sutton . 
 i 'm her twin sister , emma . 
 did n't he tell you ? '' 
 she jutted a thumb at the blond cop . 
 `` something awful happened to sutton , and now whoever did it is threatening me ! 
 i 'm telling the truth ! '' 
 `` just like you were telling the truth about that dead body near mount lemmon last year ? '' 
 the muscles around quinlan 's mouth grew tight . 
 `` or about how your neighbor was raising ninety chihuahuas in her guest house ? 
 or how you swore , up and down , you heard a baby crying in a dumpster behind trader joe 's ? '' 
 he tapped the folder . 
 `` you do n't think i keep a record of your stunts ? '' 
 emma stared at the folder . 
 the name sutton mercer was written on the tab in thick black ink . 
 it made her think of her foster brother , david , in carson city . 
 david used to call the cops every few weeks to tell them the port-a-potties on a nearby worksite were on fire , mostly so he could watch fire trucks drive around . 
 the 911 dispatchers finally caught on to his tricks , and they did n't believe david the day he called screaming about the brush fire that raged in their backyard . 
 flames had swallowed half the family 's house before they finally sent out a rescue truck . 
 david had officially become the boy who cried port-a-potty . 
 did the cops really think sutton was the girl who cried baby in the dumpster ? 
 emma rummaged through sutton 's bag until she found her pink iphone . 
 with trembling fingers , she called up the video site travis had shown her . 
 `` there 's a video of someone strangling her . 
 maybe you can figure out where this is . '' 
 the site 's main page finally loaded . 
 emma typed suttoninaz in the search window . 
 after a moment , a new page appeared : no matches found . 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma squeaked . 
 she stared pleadingly at the cops . 
 `` this is a mistake . 
 the video was here two days ago , i swear ! '' 
 quinlan grunted . 
 before emma knew what was happening , he reached out and grabbed the beige bag from her shoulder . 
 he pulled out sutton 's blue kate spade wallet , undid the snap , and unveiled the license in the clear windowpane slot in the front . 
 arizona , the license said at the top in blue letters . 
 sutton had grinned for the camera , her makeup perfectly done and not a hair out of place . 
 emma fleetingly thought of her own driver 's license photo , which had been taken in a badly lit dmv without air conditioning the day after she 'd had emergency wisdom teeth extractions . 
 her hair stuck to her forehead , her makeup had begun to leak down her face , and her cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk 's . 
 she sort of looked like a greasy shrek . 
 quinlan tick-tocked the wallet back and forth in front of emma 's face . 
 `` says here you 're sutton mercer . 
 not some girl named emma . '' 
 `` that 's not mine , '' emma said weakly . 
 she felt like the bird that had gotten trapped in clarice 's closed garage a few weeks earlier-frantic and helpless . 
 how was she going to make anyone believe she was n't sutton ... when she looked exactly like her ? 
 a realization struck emma : the killer was watching her while she waited for sutton . 
 maybe it was the killer who had lured her here ? 
 how long had sutton been dead ? 
 after all , if there was no missing girl , there was no crime . 
 she gestured to the note . 
 `` ca n't you at least dust it for fingerprints ? '' 
 he stood back , crossed his arms over his chest , and gave her an are-you-kidding-me ? 
 look . 
 `` i would think a girl who 's had her car impounded would n't be making trouble for herself . 
 we can add to those fines , you know . '' 
 `` but ... '' emma trailed off helplessly . 
 she had no idea how to reply . 
 the blond cop 's phone rang , and he lunged to answer it . 
 a cop wearing a brown cowboy hat burst through the front doors and marched to one of the interrogation rooms . 
 `` here . '' 
 detective quinlan tossed the note and sutton 's wallet into emma 's lap with a look of disgust . 
 then he brought his face close to emma 's . 
 `` i 'm taking you back to school now . 
 if i catch you in here again , i 'm going to lock you up for a night . 
 see how you like it then . 
 got it ? '' 
 emma nodded . 
 quinlan guided emma out the door and across the parking lot . 
 to emma 's horror , he unlocked the back of the squad car and gestured to the backseat . 
 `` in you go . '' 
 emma gaped at him . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 she balled up her fists . 
 unbelievable . 
 after a moment , she climbed into the back of the cop car , where the criminals sat . 
 it smelled like a mix of puke and evergreen air freshener . 
 someone had written asshole on the faux-leather seat . 
 quinlan swung into the front seat and turned the key in the ignition . 
 `` i 'm running over to hollier , '' he said into the cb radio attached to the center console . 
 `` be back in a sec . '' 
 emma slumped down in the seat . 
 at least he did n't turn on the siren . 
 as quinlan made a left out of the lot , emma 's new reality slowly began to take shape . 
 it had been easy-even fun-playing sutton at a party . 
 but she wanted to meet sutton , not take over her life . 
 and although she 'd always wanted to investigate a crime , she 'd never imagined she 'd be part of something like this . 
 but if no one would believe her-and if sutton 's family and the police did n't , who would ? 
 - emma did n't have much of a choice . 
 it was up to her alone to figure out what exactly was going on . 
 but she was n't actually alone . 
 i considered once again why i was here with emma , watching her every move , hovering behind her as she took over my life , hung out with my friends , and kissed my boyfriend . 
 old mrs. hunt , our spooky neighbor with too many cats , once told me that ghosts lingered in our world when they had unfinished business that prevented them from moving on to the next . 
 maybe that 's why i was here , too-to solve my own murder . 
 chapter 11 watch out for devil child ! 
 ten minutes later , emma stood in the girls ' bathroom on the first floor of hollier high . 
 the pink-tiled room smelled like ajax and stale cigarettes . 
 thankfully , there were no feet underneath the stall doors or other girls crowded at the sink . 
 she stared at her tearstained face in the streaky mirror . 
 there were circles under her eyes , worried wrinkles in her forehead , and red blotches on her cheeks and chin , which always appeared when she cried . 
 she tried to smile , but her mouth just snapped right back into a frown . 
 `` pull yourself together , '' she scolded her reflection . 
 `` you can do this . 
 you can be sutton . '' 
 she had to , at least until she figured out a way to get someone to believe her , anyway . 
 she 'd pulled it off the night before , sure , but that had been before she 'd known what was going on . 
 grief coursed through her again , sending a new flood of tears down her cheeks . 
 she grabbed a paper towel from the dispenser . 
 how many times had sutton used this bathroom ? 
 how many times did she peer into this mirror ? 
 how would she feel about emma taking her place ? 
 i was n't sure , to be honest . 
 how could emma figure out who killed me ... as me ? 
 it seemed impossible . 
 and yet ... emma was the only one apart from my killer who knew i was dead . 
 she was the only chance i had . 
 the bell rang . 
 emma dabbed a bit of concealer she 'd found in the bottom of sutton 's bag under her eyes , gave her dark hair a final fluff , and strode out the door as confidently as she could , even though her stomach was roiling . 
 the hallway was packed with people at their lockers , girls hugging and squealing about their summer vacations , and guys in football and basketball jerseys shoving one another into the water fountains . 
 `` hi , sutton ! '' 
 a girl called as she passed . 
 emma forced the corners of her lips into a smile . 
 `` ca n't wait for your party next friday ! '' 
 a guy yelled to emma from the other end of the hall . 
 inside a classroom , two dark-haired girls whispered and pointed right at her . 
 the note flashed back to emma 's mind again . 
 anyone could 've written it ... even someone at school . 
 she pulled out the schedule mrs. mercer had given her at breakfast . 
 luckily , she was close to sutton 's first class of the day , something simply abbreviated as g-103 in room 114 . 
 as emma crossed through the doorway , she saw a big black , red , and yellow flag hanging from the post by the blackboard . 
 a placard that said respect the mighty umlaut ! 
 stood on the teacher 's desk . 
 along the far wall was a poster of a pudgy-faced boy in lederhosen . 
 a speech bubble by his mouth contained the words eins , zwei , drei ! 
 emma scowled . 
 the g on the schedule stood for german . 
 eins , zwei , and drei were the only german words she knew . 
 perfect . 
 she willed herself not to start crying all over again . 
 more kids smiled at emma as she walked down the aisle and fell into a seat at the back . 
 then she noticed a familiar dark-haired guy sitting by the window , staring out at the red running track : it was ethan , the stargazing guy emma had met last night . 
 mr. rebel without a cause . 
 ethan turned and looked over his shoulder , as if he sensed emma was watching . 
 his eyes seemed to come alive when he saw her . 
 emma lobbed him a tiny smile hello . 
 he smiled back . 
 but when another girl walked up the aisle and purred `` hey , ethan , '' ethan only gave her a terse nod . 
 `` psst ! '' 
 a voice called from the other side of the room . 
 emma swiveled around and saw garrett 's spiky blond head a few rows over . 
 he waved at her and winked . 
 emma waved back , but she felt like such an impostor . 
 what would sutton 's boyfriend think if he knew she was really dead ? 
 and now she could n't even tell him . 
 the bell rang again , and everyone scrambled to find their desks . 
 an asian woman with man-short hair and wearing a long blue dress that looked way too stifling for the arizona heat marched stiffly into the room . 
 frau fenstermacher , she wrote on the board in spiky handwriting , drawing a sharp line underneath . 
 emma wondered if she 'd changed her last name for authenticity . 
 frau fenstermacher pushed her clear , lucite-framed glasses farther down her nose as she examined the class list . 
 `` paul anders ? '' 
 she barked . 
 `` here , '' a guy in dark-framed glasses and a grizzly bear band t-shirt mumbled . 
 `` answer in german ! '' 
 the teacher was barely over five feet tall , but there was something solid and menacing about her that made it look like she could kick someone 's ass . 
 `` oh . '' 
 paul blushed . 
 `` ja . '' 
 it sounded like yah . 
 `` garrett austin ? '' 
 `` ja , ja . '' 
 garrett said it like the swedish chef . 
 everyone giggled . 
 frau fenstermacher called more names . 
 emma ran her fingers nervously over an anarchy symbol someone had carved into the top of the desk . 
 say ja when she calls for sutton mercer , she silently chanted over and over . 
 she was sure she was going to forget . 
 nine jas later , frau fenstermacher blanched at the roll sheet . 
 `` sutton mercer ? '' 
 she called in the angriest voice of all . 
 emma 's mouth opened , but it was like someone had stuffed wiener schnitzel down her throat . 
 everyone turned to stare at her . 
 the giggles started again . 
 frau 's eyebrows came to a point . 
 `` i see you there , fraulein mercer . 
 i know who you are , too . 
 you 're a teufel kind . 
 devil child . 
 but not in my class , ja ? '' 
 she spit as she spoke . 
 the whole class swiveled from emma to frau fenstermacher to emma again , as if they were watching a ping-pong match . 
 emma licked her dry lips . 
 `` ja , '' she said . 
 her voice cracked . 
 everyone laughed again . 
 `` i heard she almost got arrested twice this summer , '' a girl in a long sweater vest and skinny jeans whispered to a wavy-haired girl across the aisle . 
 `` and i heard her car was impounded , too . 
 she had so many traffic violations that they finally towed the thing away . '' 
 `` the cops brought her to school this morning , '' the wavy-haired friend whispered back . 
 sweater vest shrugged . 
 `` not surprised . '' 
 emma sank down in her chair , thinking about the file at the police station with sutton 's name on it . 
 what kind of crazy girl was she ? 
 she reached into the pocket and touched the edge of the note , desperately wanting someone to see it , to believe it . 
 but then she loosened her grip , pulled out sutton 's ipad , and placed it on the desk . 
 now if only she could figure out how to turn it on . 
 six more classes of circumspect teachers . 
 eight wrong turns . 
 a lunch period with madeline and charlotte congratulating emma on showing up to school in a police car-apparently , to them , it was a good thing . 
 finally , at the end of the day , emma opened sutton 's locker . 
 she 'd broken down and looked through sutton 's wallet for money before lunch , realizing there was no way she could get through the day without eating something . 
 besides cash , sutton 's america 's next top model-worthy driver 's license , an amex blue , and a wallet-sized virgo horoscope for the month of august , emma had found a tiny slip of paper that listed sutton 's locker number and combination . 
 it was as though sutton had put it there on purpose , hoping emma would find it . 
 if only i 'd put it there on purpose . 
 if only i 'd left emma tons of clues about who 'd done this to me-put a big bull 's - eye on the killer 's head , maybe . 
 i admired her for carefully examining each scrap of paper in my wallet as though it held a vital clue , though . 
 she 'd compiled a list of kids in my classes , too , writing things like sienna , two desks up , history : smiled , seemed friendly , referenced `` the egg-baby incident '' and geoff , catty-corner , trig : kept shooting me weird looks , made a joke -lrb- ? -rrb- 
 that i looked `` different '' today . 
 would i have known to sleuth like this , had our roles been reversed ? 
 would i have dove in to avenge a sister i did n't even know ? 
 there was something else i noticed about emma , too : how she walked down the halls with her lips clamped together , like she was holding her breath . 
 how she popped into the girls ' room to stare at herself in the mirror , as if to work up the courage all over again . 
 we were both keeping secrets . 
 we were both so alone . 
 emma opened the locker . 
 it was empty , save for a moldy-looking notebook at the bottom and a couple of pictures of sutton , madeline , and charlotte taped up on the inside door . 
 just as emma was about to gather the books she 'd received today and somehow wedge them into sutton 's leather purse-what kind of moron did n't carry a real backpack to school ? 
 - she felt a hand on her arm . 
 `` are you thinking about ditching tennis ? '' 
 emma turned . 
 charlotte stood in front of a why drugs are n't cool poster . 
 she 'd pulled her red hair into a high ponytail , and she 'd changed into a white t-shirt , black champion shorts , and a pair of gray nike sneakers . 
 a tennis bag similar to the one sutton 's mom had packed for emma this morning swung from her shoulder . 
 tennis . 
 right . 
 `` i was thinking about it , '' emma mumbled . 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 charlotte looped her arm through emma 's elbow and pulled her down the hall . 
 `` c'mon . 
 laurel put your gear in the team locker room after you attempted your jailbreak this morning . 
 maggie will kill us if we 're late . '' 
 emma gazed at charlotte as they walked , surprised she was on the tennis team , too . 
 physique-wise , charlotte looked more like a wrestler . 
 then emma bit her lip guiltily . 
 was that mean ? 
 not any meaner than i was , according to the one memory that had resurfaced . 
 and i had a feeling , somehow , that was just the tip of the iceberg . 
 emma and charlotte strode down the yearbook hallway , which was decorated with snapshots of students from previous years . 
 emma spotted a photo of sutton laughing with her friends in what looked like the front courtyard at school . 
 next to that photo was a candid of laurel and a familiar dark-haired guy on the gym bleachers , engaged in a thumb war . 
 emma did a double take . 
 it was the same guy she 'd seen on sutton 's photo bulletin board the night before ... and on the missing poster in the police station this morning : thayer , madeline 's brother . 
 emma wondered what had happened to him . 
 where and why he 'd run away . 
 if , like sutton , he had n't run away at all . 
 `` so how was your day ? '' 
 charlotte 's ponytail bounced against her back . 
 `` um , all right . '' 
 emma darted around two girls walking in the other direction , both carrying my fair lady scripts . 
 `` all my teachers acted like they wanted to have my head , though . '' 
 charlotte sniffed . 
 `` like that 's a surprise ? '' 
 emma ran her fingers along the scratchy strap on sutton 's tennis bag . 
 yes , she wished she could admit . 
 it was n't every day a teacher called her a devil child , or made her sit in the very front row so she could `` keep an eye on her , '' or glared at her and said , `` all the desks in this room are bolted down , sutton . 
 just so you know . '' 
 uh , okay . 
 but charlotte had already moved on to whine about her gym teacher and something she called the stink vent . 
 `` and mrs. grady in history totally has it in for me , '' she moaned . 
 `` she called me to her desk after the bell rang and went , ` you 're a smart girl , charlotte . 
 do n't hang around with that crowd i always see you with . 
 make something of your life ! '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 they turned down the biology wing . 
 a human skeleton stood outside one of the classrooms , which made emma shudder . 
 sutton could look like that , she thought . 
 then charlotte nudged emma 's side . 
 `` so enough about me . 
 how are you ? '' 
 she squinted at emma 's chest . 
 `` where 's your necklace ? '' 
 emma felt her bare neck . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 charlotte raised her eyebrows . 
 `` that 's a surprise . '' 
 she hiked her tennis bag higher on her shoulder . 
 `` so how are things with you and garrett ? '' 
 `` uh , he 's fine , '' emma answered slowly . 
 she thought of the happy picture of sutton and garrett on facebook . 
 it was all she had to go by . 
 charlotte shot her a lukewarm , closemouthed smile . 
 `` i heard he 's getting you something pretty special for your birthday . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 `` mm-hmm . 
 lucky . '' 
 charlotte 's voice was strained . 
 emma sneaked a wary peek at her , but charlotte was busy fiddling with a strap on her tennis bag . 
 a moment later , they entered the echoing locker room , which was abuzz with the sounds of slamming locker doors and cheerleaders warming up with a couple of be aggressives and hand claps . 
 emma quickly changed into the shorts and tank top sutton 's mom had packed , then followed charlotte through a rabbit warren of hallways to join the rest of the tennis team . 
 all the girls lay on the floor with their butts in the air doing piriformis stretches . 
 emma noticed laurel in the second row ; when laurel saw them , she quickly looked away . 
 a girl at the very front of the room glowered at emma . 
 nisha . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 another voice called . 
 a twentysomething woman marching up the side of the room smiled in emma 's direction . 
 she had a strawberry-blond ponytail and wore a blue polo shirt with the words hollier tennis coach and the name maggie stitched over one boob . 
 `` go on up ! 
 co-captains in the front ! '' 
 co-captain ? 
 emma almost burst out laughing . 
 most of her tennis experience was from playing wii tennis at alex 's house . 
 she glanced at charlotte helplessly , but charlotte just shrugged . 
 `` chop-chop ! '' 
 coach maggie said , making a rolling motion with her hands . 
 emma shifted her gaze to nisha at the front once more . 
 nisha wore a heather-gray t-shirt that said hollier varsity tennis captain . 
 emma winced . 
 the universe was definitely plotting against her . 
 she slowly wove through the maze of butt-up girls until she reached the front of the room . 
 she gave nisha a co-captainly , let 's - be-friends smile , but nisha shot her back a disgusted glare . 
 maggie blew her whistle , and the rest of the team sat up . 
 `` as you know , it 's tradition that on the first day of practice every year , we wear our hollier uniforms as a show of team spirit . '' 
 a couple of girls let out whoos and whistles . 
 `` nisha banerjee and sutton mercer , our two new co-captains , will do the honors of passing out your uniforms . '' 
 maggie gestured to a stuffed blue plastic tub in front of nisha . 
 emma peered inside and saw carefully folded tennis dresses in neat , even piles . 
 she tried to pull one out , but nisha slapped her away . 
 `` i 've got it . '' 
 nisha turned to the team and began calling out names . 
 one by one each girl marched up to the front of the room . 
 nisha handed them their uniforms , like a principal handing graduates their high school diplomas . 
 after every girl had received an outfit , and after maggie stepped into the coaches ' office , nisha pulled the final dress from the bin and handed it to emma . 
 `` and here 's yours , sutton . '' 
 emma unfolded the dress and held it in front of her . 
 the sleeves were about an inch long . 
 the shirt did n't cover her stomach . 
 either someone had really shrunk it in the dryer , or it had been specially designed for a smurf . 
 several girls snickered . 
 heat rose to emma 's cheeks . 
 `` um ... do we have something a little bigger ? '' 
 nisha tossed her ponytail over her shoulder . 
 `` i already assigned the rest , sutton . 
 that 's what you get for not helping me do uniforms yesterday afternoon ! '' 
 `` but ... i was n't here yesterday ! '' 
 emma protested . 
 technically , she 'd been on the smelly bus to tucson . 
 nisha let out a sharp sniff . 
 `` so i suppose that was someone else who looked exactly like you at my party then ? '' 
 she pointed at the mini-me uniform . 
 `` hurry up and get dressed , co-captain ! 
 you want to show your team spirit , do n't you ? '' 
 with a roll of her hips , she sauntered out of the gym toward the tennis courts , several younger players in her wake . 
 the giggling grew louder and louder , bouncing off the gym 's high walls . 
 emma balled up the uniform in her hands . 
 no one had ever been so blatantly mean to her before . 
 nisha really had it out for sutton . 
 i was thinking the same thing , too . 
 and it actually kind of made me nervous . 
 charlotte approached emma , her mouth a tight line . 
 `` we ca n't let her do this to you , '' she hissed in emma 's ear . 
 `` are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 emma stared at her blankly . 
 `` let 's get her , '' charlotte finished . 
 `` soon . '' 
 get her ? 
 an uncertain shudder rumbled deep within emma 's core . 
 but before she could say a word , charlotte pulled her toward the doorway , leading her into the punishing arizona sunshine , and leaving us both to wonder what she meant . 
 chapter 12 emma 's first family dinner dysfunction as soon as emma stepped through the door from tennis practice , the smell of steak , baked potatoes , and crescent rolls swarmed her nostrils . 
 mrs. mercer stuck her head through the kitchen doorway . 
 `` there you are . 
 dinner 's ready . '' 
 emma pulled a hand through her wet hair . 
 right now ? 
 she 'd hoped she 'd get a couple minutes to herself before dinner . 
 maybe go upstairs , curl up in a ball , mourn the dead sister she 'd never met , figure out what to do next ... she dropped sutton 's tennis bag in the foyer and stepped into the kitchen . 
 mrs. mercer carried tumblers of water to the table while mr. mercer uncorked a bottle of wine and poured two glasses . 
 laurel was already sitting down , fiddling with her fork . 
 she 'd taken off after tennis practice without offering emma a ride . 
 emma slid in next to laurel . 
 there was a tiny folded paper crane near her water glass . 
 laurel cleared her throat and nudged her chin toward it . 
 `` you should open that . '' 
 emma stared at the crane , and then looked cautiously around the room . 
 she 'd rather not open it , thanks , especially if it was going to be another creepy note . 
 but laurel kept staring . 
 the shiny origami paper crinkled as emma slowly deconstructed the bird . 
 on the plain white underside it read : i forgive you . 
 - l `` i heard nisha 's party sucked . '' 
 laurel twisted a cloth napkin in her hands . 
 `` and i finally asked char after tennis . 
 she told me they kidnapped you . '' 
 emma folded the origami paper back into a bird and touched laurel 's arm . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 it was n't much , but at least someone finally believed something she 'd said . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' laurel said , shooting emma a tiny hopeful look . 
 suddenly , a blurry flash about laurel appeared before my eyes . 
 i saw the two of us standing at a gate with a sign on it that said la paloma spa pool-guests only ! 
 we both wore terry-cloth shorts and oversized sunglasses . 
 `` just pretend like you belong here , '' i instructed , taking laurel 's hand . 
 she gave me that same eager , loyal , you 're - the-big-sister-and-i-want-to-be-just-like-you look as she was giving to emma now . 
 so we 'd been friends ... once upon a time , anyway . 
 it certainly had n't seemed that way from my memory of the hot springs . 
 `` still , maybe you can make it up to me , '' laurel said to emma , crossing her arms over her chest . 
 `` manicures at mr. pinky next week before your birthday party ? 
 maybe thursday ? '' 
 `` okay , '' emma said , although thursday might as well have been in the next millennium . 
 would she even be here next week ? 
 mrs. mercer pulled a dish out of the oven with a loud clang . 
 mr. mercer gathered shiny steak knives out of the drawer . 
 laurel leaned forward . 
 the front of her blouse gaped so that emma could see the top of her pink scalloped-edge bra . 
 `` why did you run off this morning ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` mads told me she saw you getting out of a cop car during homeroom . '' 
 emma stiffened . 
 `` i was trying to ditch , '' she whispered back . 
 `` a cop driving by saw me . 
 he said if i did n't go back to school with him , he 'd raise the impound fee on my car . '' 
 `` that sucks . '' 
 a honey-blond lock of hair fell into laurel 's eyes . 
 they were interrupted by mrs. mercer rushing to the table with steaming plates . 
 she dished out portions of steak , spinach , and baked potatoes to everyone . 
 mr. mercer sneaked drake a piece of roll , which the dog swallowed without chewing . 
 when everyone had been served , mrs. mercer sat and unfolded a napkin on her lap . 
 `` i just got a call from coach maggie , sutton . 
 she said you were off your game today . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 emma sliced the baked potato with her fork . 
 tennis had n't exactly been successful , though at least she had n't had to wear the smurf dress-maggie had told emma they 'd straighten out the uniform problem tomorrow . 
 during practice , she 'd returned a few shots-thanks , wii ! 
 - but serves whipped past her head , and when she was playing doubles with charlotte , she ran for a shot and slammed right into charlotte 's side . 
 `` yeah , i guess i 'm a little rusty , '' she said . 
 not to mention she was slightly distracted the whole time . 
 mr. mercer clucked his tongue . 
 `` it 's probably because you did n't practice all summer . '' 
 `` you should put in some time at the courts tonight . '' 
 mrs. mercer wiped her mouth with a pineapple-printed napkin . 
 `` maybe sutton was off her game because nisha banerjee was a total bully today , '' laurel jumped in . 
 emma shot laurel a grateful look . 
 it was nice that she was sticking up for her . 
 sticking up for me , emma meant . 
 but i agreed with her . 
 it was nice that laurel had my back . 
 a softened , wistful look appeared on mrs. mercer 's face . 
 `` how is nisha ? 
 i ran into her dad at the club this weekend . 
 apparently she went to tennis camp this summer . 
 and did a precollege program at stanford . 
 she 's been so strong , especially after what happened with her mom . '' 
 emma sniffed . 
 if strong was a synonym for bitchy , then mrs. mercer was exactly right . 
 `` nisha 's kind of diabolical . '' 
 `` totally , '' laurel added . 
 `` and madeline and charlotte are n't ? '' 
 mrs. mercer bit into a piece of steak . 
 `` madeline and charlotte are awesome , '' laurel piped up . 
 `` and nice . '' 
 mrs. mercer sipped her wine . 
 `` you know how i feel about you girls hanging out with them . 
 they 're always getting in so much trouble . '' 
 emma swallowed a mouthful of steak , thinking about the manila file detective quinlan had trotted out at the police station today . 
 madeline and charlotte were n't the only ones getting in trouble . 
 `` even their parents are ... odd , '' mrs. mercer continued , chewing a bite of spinach . 
 when she swallowed , she added , `` i 've always found mrs. vega too pushy . 
 the way she 's always so crazed about madeline and dance . 
 and mr. vega is so ... intense . 
 those fights he used to have with thayer , right out in public ... '' she trailed off and glanced shiftily at laurel . 
 laurel slathered an even coat of butter on a roll . 
 emma leaned forward , hoping she would elaborate on thayer vega . 
 `` and what 's with charlotte 's mother ? '' 
 mrs. mercer said instead , wrinkling her nose . 
 `` every time i open the paper , she 's in another dress , christening a boat on lake havasu with a bottle of champagne . '' 
 mr. mercer stabbed a bite of steak . 
 `` mrs. chamberlain 's dresses are very ... interesting . '' 
 `` you mean inappropriate ? '' 
 mrs. mercer pressed her hand to her mouth . 
 `` sorry , girls . 
 it 's not nice to talk about people . 
 right , james ? '' 
 `` indeed , '' mr. mercer murmured . 
 then his gaze settled laser beam-like on emma . 
 an alarmed expression flashed across his face . 
 emma tilted her head nervously . 
 her heart began to pound . 
 he was suddenly staring at her like he knew . 
 then he looked away . 
 emma sliced the baked potato open and mashed the starchy insides , just as she 'd done since she was a little kid . 
 `` maybe madeline and charlotte get in trouble because their parents are , like , preoccupied with other things . '' 
 mrs. mercer leaned back in her chair . 
 `` well ! 
 how astute of you , oprah . '' 
 emma shrugged nonchalantly . 
 it was practically the first lesson in foster children psychology 101-most kids acted out when they were n't getting enough attention or nurturing . 
 they had no parents to help them with homework or attend their sports games or encourage them to enter science fairs . 
 no one read them bedtime stories , or gave them kisses every night , or sat down with them at nice family dinners . 
 something suddenly occurred to her . 
 in a way , this was the first real family dinner she 'd had in , well , ever . 
 even with becky , most meals were either in the car after hitting the drive-through or on trays in front of the tv . 
 or else emma ate a bowl of cereal alone while becky delivered an hour-long soliloquy to an empty apartment courtyard . 
 jealousy rippled through her once more , but she quickly brushed it aside and thought again of the note . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 emma would never have a family dinner with her sister . 
 everyone was silent for a while , forks clanking against plates , spoons scraping against serving dishes . 
 mr. mercer 's beeper went off ; he checked it and slid it back in its holster . 
 emma caught him staring at her a few more times . 
 finally he pressed his palms to the table . 
 `` okay , this is driving me nuts . 
 when did you get that scar on your chin ? '' 
 emma 's heart shot to her throat . 
 everyone turned and looked at her . 
 `` uh , what scar ? '' 
 `` there . '' 
 he pointed across the table . 
 `` i 've never seen that before . '' 
 laurel squinted . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 weird ! '' 
 mrs. mercer frowned . 
 emma touched her chin . 
 she 'd gotten the scar when she 'd fallen off the hamburglar at mcdonald 's playland . 
 she 'd blacked out for a couple of seconds , and when she came to , she 'd expected to see becky standing over her comfortingly . 
 instead becky was nowhere in sight . 
 emma finally found her on the other side of playland , crying her eyes out while rocking back and forth on a fry guy ride , her knees jackknifed up so that her feet fit in the little stirrups . 
 when becky saw the blood gushing from emma 's chin , it just made her cry harder . 
 emma could n't very well tell mr. mercer that . 
 she lifted her water glass to her lips . 
 `` it 's been there for a while . 
 i guess you do n't know me as well as you think you do . '' 
 `` is that because you 're some girl named emma ? '' 
 sutton 's mom quipped . 
 emma nearly choked on her water . 
 there was a wry , almost devious smile on sutton 's mom 's face . 
 `` and how is emma today , by the way ? '' 
 mr. mercer added with a wink . 
 mrs. mercer gazed at emma , waiting for her answer . 
 she was kidding , was n't she ? 
 emma was no longer sure . 
 she was n't sure about anything . 
 `` uh , emma 's a little disoriented , '' she said quietly . 
 little did my family know how true that answer really was . 
 chapter 13 the body on the ground an hour and a half later , emma walked down the front path from sutton 's house and made a right turn toward the big park at the end of the development . 
 after some thought , she 'd decided to take mrs. mercer 's advice and practice her tennis swing . 
 maybe she 'd miraculously improve and kick nisha 's perky , tennis-skirted ass tomorrow-or , at the very least , she would n't do a face-plant while trying for a drop shot . 
 her blackberry , nestled in the tennis bag along with sutton 's iphone , beeped . 
 alex , said the caller id . 
 `` so you are alive ! '' 
 alex cried when emma answered . 
 `` you were supposed to check in with me last night ! 
 i thought you fell into the canyon ! '' 
 emma laughed grimly . 
 `` no , i 'm still here . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 alex said . 
 `` how is it ? 
 is your sister awesome ? 
 have you bonded ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' emma sidestepped a razor scooter a kid had abandoned on the sidewalk . 
 it was hard to believe she 'd only been here for a day . 
 `` she 's great . 
 we 're having a great time . '' 
 she hoped her voice did n't sound forced . 
 on instinct she looked behind her , sure someone was listening . 
 `` so are you going to stay there for a while ? 
 are you going to move in with her ? 
 are you just dying ? '' 
 emma swallowed hard , the menacing sutton 's dead note flashing through her mind for the billionth time . 
 something like that . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 `` i 'm so thrilled for you ! '' 
 the phone cut out for a second . 
 `` ugh , i 've got another call , '' alex said . 
 `` i 'll talk to you later , okay ? 
 you 'll have to tell me everything ! '' 
 and then she hung up . 
 emma held the warm phone to her ear for a few seconds more , the guilt gushing inside her like a broken fire hydrant . 
 she 'd never lied to alex before , especially about something so momentous . 
 not that she really had a choice . 
 a snapping noise made emma freeze . 
 was that ... a footstep ? 
 she slowly turned around , the silence ringing in her ears . 
 the night had grown dark and still . 
 a red security system light blinked from the dash of an suv at the curb . 
 something moved by the front wheel , and emma leapt back . 
 a sand-colored lizard skittered from underneath the car and raced around a large wheeled trash bin . 
 she ran her hands down the length of her face , trying to calm down . 
 the park loomed at the end of the street , a large expanse of well-manicured grass , playgrounds , and ball fields . 
 she jogged the rest of the way , the tennis bag jostling against her hip . 
 a couple of sweaty , shirtless guys were packing up their gear on the basketball court . 
 two joggers stretched by a large green trash receptacle . 
 a silver parking meter-style machine stood outside the chain-link entrance to the tennis courts . 
 seventy-five cents for thirty minutes , said a small sign on the post . 
 emma glanced around nervously . 
 the basketball players had left abruptly , taking most of the noise with them . 
 wind swished in her ears . 
 there was another tiny sound to her left , like someone swallowing . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 emma called softly . 
 no answer . 
 get a grip , she told herself . 
 squaring her shoulders , she shoved a couple of quarters into the narrow slots of the meter . 
 floodlights snapped on overhead , so blinding that emma winced and shielded her eyes . 
 she opened the chain-link door and looked out onto the blue-green courts . 
 and then ... she saw it . 
 a guy splayed face-up in the middle of the court , his arms and legs stretched out in an x. emma screamed . 
 the guy shot up , which made emma scream even louder and toss the racket toward his head . 
 it clanged against the court and landed near the net . 
 the guy squinted hard at her face . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 he said after a moment . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 emma said . 
 ethan . 
 ethan scooped up the tennis racket and walked over to her . 
 he wore a black t-shirt , blue gym shorts , and gray new balance sneakers . 
 `` i am so glad it 's you , '' emma said . 
 ethan wrinkled his nose . 
 `` do you always hurl tennis rackets at people you 're happy to see ? '' 
 emma took the racket from him . 
 `` sorry . 
 you scared me . 
 i thought you were ... '' she trailed off . 
 my sister 's killer . 
 an evil note-writing stalker . 
 `` the bogeyman ? '' 
 ethan filled in . 
 emma nodded . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 the jogging couple ran past . 
 a low-rider car trundled by on the street , letting out a honk to the tune of the godfather theme . 
 emma looked at ethan again . 
 `` what were you doing lying in the dark ? '' 
 `` stargazing . '' 
 ethan gestured toward the sky . 
 `` i come here almost every night . 
 it 's a great place for it because it 's so dark here . 
 until you came along , that is . '' 
 he leaned against a stone-covered water fountain just outside the courts . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 spying on me ? '' 
 emma blushed . 
 `` no . 
 i wanted to practice tennis . 
 my game has gone from an a to a d-minus over the summer . '' 
 `` hoping to show nisha who 's boss ? '' 
 emma jolted up . 
 how did he know that ? 
 ethan grinned , as if reading her mind . 
 `` your rivalry is legendary . 
 even i 've heard about it . '' 
 emma inspected ethan 's sharp cheekbones , deep-set eyes , and muscular shoulders . 
 in german class , ethan had stared out the window the whole time , not speaking to anyone . 
 he was the only person frau fenstermacher had n't picked on . 
 in the hall , he 'd walked by himself , big bose headphones clapped over his ears . 
 girls shot him appreciative glances as he passed , but he gave each of them shy shrugs and continued on . 
 `` so do you want a practice partner ? '' 
 ethan interrupted her thoughts . 
 emma cocked her head . 
 `` you mean ... tennis ? '' 
 `` no , croquet . '' 
 he smiled and gestured toward the parking lot . 
 `` i have a racket in my car . 
 but if you do n't want to ... '' `` i 'd love to . '' 
 emma smiled . 
 nerves snapped and danced beneath her skin . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 ethan 's expression was sheepish , maybe even a little nervous . 
 they turned and both tried to walk through the chain-link exit at the same time . 
 they collided into each other , emma 's side hitting ethan 's hip . 
 `` oops , '' emma laughed . 
 they both stepped back at the same time . 
 then emma moved forward through the exit once more . 
 so did ethan . 
 they bumped again . 
 emma stepped on ethan 's foot . 
 `` sorry , '' emma said , quickly jerking away . 
 `` i was just ... '' ethan stepped out of the way once more , extending his arm in an after-you gesture . 
 emma 's cheeks burned . 
 finally they each managed to step through the gate , and ethan retrieved his tennis racket from the car . 
 they hit the ball back and forth for a while . 
 after a half hour had passed , emma could feel her swing getting stronger and her footwork no longer resembling that of a headless chicken . 
 `` wan na take a break ? '' 
 ethan called from the other side of the court . 
 emma nodded . 
 they collapsed on the bench at the sidelines . 
 ethan removed a bottle of fiji water and a package of dark chocolate mandms from his messenger bag . 
 `` you do n't seem so rusty . '' 
 emma took a long drink from the water bottle , careful not to let water dribble messily down her chin . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 but thanks for helping me out . 
 it was really sweet . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 the fluorescent lights buzzed above their heads . 
 ethan rolled a tennis ball under his foot . 
 `` so why did n't you want to come to the party with me yesterday ? '' 
 she asked after a moment . 
 ethan turned away from her to face the large wooden sandbox on the other side of the fence . 
 a couple of shovels and castle molds lay abandoned in the sand . 
 emma bet the whole thing smelled like pee . 
 `` your crowd is n't really my thing . '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 she was n't sure if she was into sutton 's crowd , either . 
 `` you would n't have had to talk to them . 
 i was the one who invited you . '' 
 he picked at a scab on his knee . 
 `` honestly ? 
 i kind of thought it was a setup . 
 i was afraid i 'd go to that party and ... i do n't know . 
 someone would drop pig blood on my head or whatever , horror-film style . '' 
 `` i would n't set you up ! '' 
 ethan sniffed . 
 `` sutton mercer would n't set someone up ? '' 
 he looked at her doubtfully . 
 emma stared at the glowing net in the middle of the court . 
 she had no idea what sutton would or would n't do . 
 all those comments from teachers , the manila file from the police . 
 she was starting to feel personally responsible for all of it , even though she did n't have the slightest idea what any of it was . 
 emma reached into the open bag of mandm 's and grabbed a handful . 
 absently , she arranged a few on her thigh in the shape of a smiley face : two blue mandm eyes , a green nose , and a red and brown mandm smile . 
 `` you do that , too ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 emma looked up . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` make faces with your food . '' 
 ethan pointed at emma 's creation . 
 emma ducked her head . 
 `` i 've done it since i was little . '' 
 she 'd sculpted smiley faces in ice cream sundaes with chocolate chips , or with extra ketchup on a plate after she 'd eaten all her fries . 
 a counselor once caught her making a happy face with cheerios during a session and told emma that she probably did it because she was lonely . 
 but emma just thought everything she ate deserved some personality . 
 ethan popped an mandm into his mouth . 
 `` when i was little , my dad made me a belgian waffle we called bob . 
 bob was a regular waffle with two big blueberries for eyes , a whipped cream nose - '' '' - and let me guess , '' emma interrupted drolly . 
 `` a bacon smile ? '' 
 `` wrong . '' 
 ethan pointed at her . 
 `` a piece of honeydew ! '' 
 `` melon on a waffle ? '' 
 emma stuck out her tongue . 
 `` blegh . '' 
 ethan grinned at her and shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't imagine sutton mercer playing with her food . '' 
 `` there are lots of things you do n't know about me , '' emma teased . 
 `` i 'm a huge mystery . '' 
 more than you know , she silently added . 
 ethan nodded approvingly . 
 `` mystery is cool . '' 
 he leaned toward her a little more , his hand bumping emma 's shoulder . 
 he did n't immediately pull away . 
 emma did n't either . 
 for a moment , it felt like he was smiling at her , not the girl he thought was sutton mercer . 
 click . 
 the overhead lights faded , flooding the court in darkness . 
 emma stiffened and let out a little yelp . 
 `` it 's okay , '' ethan said . 
 `` the meter for the lights just ran out . '' 
 ethan helped emma up , and together they fumbled for the door . 
 after climbing into his car and starting the engine , ethan poked his head out the window and gave her a long , curious look . 
 `` thanks , sutton , '' he finally said . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 he gestured out the window to the court and sky . 
 `` this . '' 
 emma grinned in question , hoping he 'd say more . 
 he pulled out of the lot and headed for the exit . 
 `` fireflies '' by owl city wafted from the stereo speakers . 
 the song was one of emma 's favorites . 
 as he turned toward the street , emma slid down the chain-link fence to the warm asphalt . 
 at least someone here was normal . 
 too bad it was the one person who seemed to want nothing to do with sutton 's life . 
 but watching from above , i was n't so sure about that . 
 there was something about ethan that made me think he had more to do with my life than he let on . 
 chapter 14 vintage emma ominous thunderclouds opened up on thursday afternoon , and coach maggie made an announcement over the loudspeaker after seventh period that tennis practice was canceled . 
 emma was so relieved she contemplated throwing her arms around her arizona history teacher . 
 her legs ached from practice yesterday and hitting with ethan last night . 
 at the end of the day , as emma entered the combination to sutton 's locker , a hand slithered around her waist and pulled her tight . 
 emma whirled around to see garrett shoving a bouquet of tulips in her face . 
 `` happy first-week-of-school-almost-birthday ! '' 
 he proclaimed brightly , leaning in for a kiss . 
 emma tensed as his lips touched hers . 
 he smelled like turpentine from art class . 
 `` get your hands off him ! '' 
 i wailed . 
 but-you guessed it-nobody heard me . 
 i mean , i got it that emma had to pretend like everything was normal . 
 i really did . 
 but seeing garrett affectionately touch someone else filled me with both jealousy and sadness . 
 garrett was n't mine anymore . 
 he would never be mine again . 
 i kept waiting for the moment garrett would stand back , cross his arms over his chest , and say , oh my god . 
 you 're someone else . 
 i kept hoping for it . 
 but it did n't come . 
 `` you 've been such a stranger lately . '' 
 garrett shifted his backpack on his shoulder . 
 yes ! 
 i thought . 
 someone noticed ! 
 emma had the same response , immediately working up a defense . 
 but then garrett added , `` i feel like i have n't seen you in weeks . 
 want to go to blanco for nachos ? '' 
 emma peered inside the locker . 
 `` what , right now ? '' 
 garrett crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` yeah , right now . 
 you do n't have tennis , right ? 
 i do n't have soccer , either . 
 and do n't freak-one plate of nachos is n't going to make you gain five pounds . 
 and anyway i 'd still love you even if you did gain five pounds . '' 
 emma scoffed . 
 she was n't balking because of that-she 'd gotten honorable mention in a hot dog-eating contest in vegas the year before . 
 a tiny japanese girl with an apparently hollow leg had edged her out . 
 it was more that she felt strange going out with garrett ... alone . 
 i 'd still love you , he 'd just said . 
 if he really loved sutton , would n't he have realized emma was n't her ? 
 `` i 'm kind of busy , '' she murmured . 
 garrett took emma 's hands in his . 
 `` we really need to talk . 
 i 've done some thinking about ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` you know , what we talked about this summer ? 
 i think you 're right . '' 
 `` uh-huh , '' emma said warily , suddenly feeling like the conversation was taking place in a language she did n't speak . 
 it was exhausting to pretend she understood what everyone was talking about all day . 
 last night , after tennis with ethan , she 'd logged onto facebook on sutton 's computer , desperate to find out anything she could about sutton-who she was , what she liked to do ... who might have wanted to kill her . 
 thanks to autofill , the site had loaded sutton 's profile , her screen name , and her password . 
 emma had read sutton 's facebook posts again , trying to glean as much intel as she could about her personality , her past , and her friends , but there had n't been much she had n't already seen before . 
 the only new thing emma had learned about garrett , for instance , was that sutton cheered him on at his varsity soccer games , hung out with him and his younger sister , louisa , and made all his fashion decisions for him . 
 sutton had even written posts like `` love the new shirt i picked out for my bf ? 
 he 's like my little doll ! '' 
 at first , i felt like i needed to defend myself . 
 who was she to judge my life ? 
 but then i wondered-why did i care so much about what garrett wore ? 
 was it because i just wanted someone besides myself whom i could dress up ... or was it because i was actually really controlling ? 
 emma had also started to use sutton 's phone-it had rung a zillion times since she 'd come into possession of it , and it would probably be weird not to answer it . 
 she 'd checked the past texts to see if they shed light on anything about sutton , but all of them were either vague instructions on where to meet -lrb- mi nidito at seven -rrb- or timing issues -lrb- running late , c u in 10 -rrb- or insults shot back and forth-loser , she 'd written to charlotte , and charlotte had shot back with bee-yotch . 
 as for the night sutton had written back to emma 's facebook note summoning her to tucson , there was an answered call from lilianna at 4:23 , a missed call from laurel at 8:39 , and then three missed calls from madeline at 10:32 , 10:45 , and 10:59 . 
 there were no voice mails , though . 
 and then there was the file cabinet underneath sutton 's desk , the one that had the big pink padlock on it and the sign that said the l game . 
 emma had searched everywhere for the key . 
 she 'd even taken a shoe to the handle , slamming it down hard on the lock , but all that had done was bring laurel to her doorway to ask what in the world she was doing . 
 she had to open it-but how ? 
 `` what are you two crazy kids up to ? '' 
 madeline appeared from around the corner and inserted herself between emma and garrett . 
 emma had n't seen her since the day before when they 'd eaten lunch together . 
 today she wore a green dress that was so short it surely broke the school 's dress code , black fishnet stockings , and black boots . 
 the corners of her ruby-red lips spread into a smile . 
 `` i was trying to convince sutton to grab nachos with me , '' garrett said . 
 madeline made a face . 
 `` nachos give you cellulite . '' 
 she clamped her hand around emma 's wrist . 
 `` anyway , she ca n't . 
 she 's coming shopping with me . 
 it 's an emergency . 
 i 'm badly in need of a new everything . '' 
 `` but - '' garrett crossed his muscular arms over his chest . 
 `` sorry , '' emma said , gratefully taking madeline 's arm . 
 `` we 're still on for this saturday though , right ? '' 
 garrett called after her . 
 `` dinner ? '' 
 `` uh , sure ! '' 
 emma yelled back . 
 she and madeline turned the corner into the science hall . 
 all the doors stood open , revealing blocky lab tables , cabinets full of shiny glass flasks , and giant posters of the periodic table of elements . 
 `` you do n't mind me stealing you away , do you ? '' 
 madeline said . 
 `` hos before bros , right ? '' 
 `` totally , '' emma agreed . 
 `` garrett is kinda smothering me , anyway . '' 
 `` well , that is his mo. '' madeline bumped her hip . 
 `` race you ! '' 
 she took off down the hall , and emma ran after her . 
 they darted out into the rain and through the parking lot until they reached madeline 's car , an old acura with a dancing ballerina sticker on the back that said swan lake mafia . 
 `` get in ! '' 
 madeline cried , hurtling into the car and slamming the door . 
 emma followed , giggling . 
 rain pelted the windshield and the roof . 
 `` whew ! '' 
 madeline threw her studded leather bag in the backseat and jammed her keys into the ignition . 
 `` la encantada ? '' 
 `` sure , '' emma answered . 
 madeline gunned the engine and whipped out of the parking lot without checking for oncoming cars . 
 a katy perry song came on the radio , and she cranked up the volume and belted out the refrain in perfect pitch . 
 emma 's jaw dropped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 madeline asked sharply . 
 `` you have such a nice voice , that 's all , '' emma blurted . 
 and then , in case that was n't a very sutton-like thing to say , she added : `` sing , bitch ! '' 
 madeline tucked her dyed-black locks behind her ear and sang another verse . 
 halfway down the winding stretch of campbell avenue , madeline 's cell phone bleeped . 
 she pulled it out of her pocket and checked the screen , one eye on the road . 
 her face settled into a scowl . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 madeline stared straight ahead , as if the traffic light they 'd stopped at was infinitely interesting . 
 `` just more thayer crap . 
 whatever . '' 
 she threw the phone into the backseat . 
 it hit the cushion hard . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 madeline let out a little exclamation point of a breath . 
 `` with you ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 that was what good friends did , was n't it ? 
 i 'm sure it was . 
 but i had a feeling my friends and i were n't exactly the touchy-feely kind . 
 the traffic light turned green , and madeline hit the gas . 
 her eyes were glassy , as though she was about to cry . 
 `` it 's just , the cops told my parents they are n't searching for him anymore , '' she said in monotone . 
 `` he 's , like , officially a runaway . 
 there 's nothing more they can do . '' 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' emma said . 
 she 'd hunted around facebook for information about why madeline 's brother had run away , too , but there were hardly any mentions of it . 
 she 'd found a page dedicated to the fact that he was missing , listing the details of what thayer had last been wearing -lrb- an oversized polo shirt and camo cargo shorts -rrb- , where he 'd last been seen -lrb- the hiking trails near the santa rita mountains in june -rrb- , and recounting that there had been a search that had yielded nothing , not a missing shoe , not an empty water bottle , absolutely no trace of thayer . 
 there was an 800 number for people to call if they had any information . 
 sutton was n't facebook friends with thayer , so emma could n't get to his private page and find out anything more . 
 she did notice that laurel interacted a lot with thayer-there were shared pictures of them horsing around , youtube posts on their walls , and comments back and forth about upcoming rock shows at the u of a . 
 but laurel 's page did n't tell her much else . 
 in fact , laurel did n't even comment on thayer 's disappearance-her only entry the day he went missing was a post that said , `` i 'm going to see lady gaga in november ! 
 super psyched ! '' 
 the windshield wipers squeaked and groaned . 
 the rain had cleared , stopping almost as quickly as it had started , and the pavement glittered . 
 a rainbow appeared on the horizon . 
 emma pointed it out . 
 `` look . 
 that 's good luck . '' 
 madeline sniffed . 
 `` luck is for dumb bitches . '' 
 emma eyed the rabbit 's foot swinging on madeline 's keychain , wondering if she really believed that . 
 `` you know , runaways usually do okay , '' she said gently . 
 `` wherever thayer is , he 's probably found other kids like him . 
 they 're probably taking care of each other . '' 
 madeline 's eyes flashed . 
 `` where did you hear that ? '' 
 emma ran her fingers along the hem of the striped dress from anthropologie she 'd picked from sutton 's closet that morning . 
 she knew tons of foster kids who 'd run away to escape their crappy situations . 
 in fact , she 'd even run away once , escaping from the violent mr. smythe . 
 after a particularly volatile night , she 'd packed a bag and took off , hoping to get to los angeles or san fran or somewhere far away . 
 she 'd run into a couple of other kids hanging out in an abandoned trailer park on the way there . 
 they had set up a little campsite with several tents , blankets , and pots and pans . 
 somehow they found food , and they 'd even foraged a couple of bikes , a skateboard , and a psp whose battery they regularly recharged at the local dunkin donuts . 
 because emma was barely eleven , the older runaways took her under their wing , always letting her sleep in a tent , always making sure she had enough to eat . 
 in some ways , they 'd taken better care of her than most foster parents had . 
 the police had come on the fourth day , just when emma was getting comfortable . 
 everyone got sent back to various foster homes or juvie . 
 `` i guess i saw it on tv , '' emma finally explained . 
 `` yeah , well , it does n't matter . '' 
 madeline flicked a lock of long , shiny hair over her shoulder . 
 her face snapped back into its hard , beautiful expression . 
 `` it 's nothing a little credit card damage ca n't fix . 
 i want to wear something new to charlotte 's sleepover tomorrow night . 
 maybe one of those short shirt-dresses from bcbg . 
 and did n't you want new j. brands for your birthday party ? '' 
 they pulled into the big parking lot at the sprawling outdoor mall . 
 madeline found a space and shut off the engine . 
 the two of them started toward the escalators to the upper level . 
 the air felt fresh and clean after the rain . 
 muzak played softly over the mall speakers . 
 as they emerged on the ground level , emma spied a storefront in the very back of the mall : bellissimo secondhand . 
 a butterfly flapped in her chest . 
 `` can we stop in there for a sec ? '' 
 emma pointed . 
 madeline followed her finger and made a face . 
 `` ew . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because you can find amazing things in secondhand stores . '' 
 madeline narrowed her eyes . 
 `` but we never go in there . '' 
 emma linked her arm in madeline 's . 
 `` chloe sevigny 's really into vintage . 
 so is rachel zoe . '' 
 she pulled madeline down the corridor . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to break out of our comfort zones . '' 
 in truth , there was no way emma was shopping for two-hundred-dollar skinny jeans . 
 that was way out of her comfort zone-she 'd feel terrible spending the mercers ' money on something so frivolous . 
 besides , she could n't let all of her personality disappear just because she 'd stepped into her sister 's life . 
 the bells jingled as emma pushed through the front door . 
 the store smelled like all vintage shops did , a little like moth balls and cardboard boxes and old ladies . 
 a bald , smooth-skinned black guy wearing what looked like a snow leopard-skin jacket sat behind the counter thumbing through cosmopolitan . 
 clothes jam-packed the racks , and there was a large wall of heels and boots on the back wall . 
 emma sifted through a rack of dresses . 
 madeline stood motionless near the door with her arms close to her sides , as if she were afraid of germs . 
 `` look . '' 
 emma pulled a pair of gold-tone wraparound sunglasses of the rack on the wall . 
 `` vintage gucci . '' 
 madeline took dainty ballerina steps until she was next to emma . 
 `` those are probably fakes . '' 
 `` they are n't . '' 
 she ran her hand over the interlocking gs and pointed at the label that said made in italy . 
 `` these are a total find . 
 and a steal , too . '' 
 she flicked the price tag hanging from the nose bridge . 
 forty dollars . 
 `` i bet they 'd look awesome on you . 
 and think of it this way-no one else has them . 
 you 'd be special . '' 
 she unfolded the arms of the glasses and placed them on madeline 's face . 
 madeline let out a little note of protest , then adjusted the glasses and stared into the mirror . 
 emma smiled . 
 she 'd been right-they accentuated madeline 's round chin and high cheekbones . 
 as mads pivoted to the right and left , she looked like a glamorous heiress on holiday . 
 her expression softened . 
 `` they are kind of nice . '' 
 `` i told you . '' 
 `` do you really think they 're real ? '' 
 `` they 're real , okay ? '' 
 the shopkeeper lisped exasperatedly , dropping his cosmo to the counter . 
 `` do i look like i carry fakes ? 
 now either buy them or take them off your grimy little face . '' 
 madeline lowered the sunglasses down her nose and gave the shopkeeper a cool , indifferent stare . 
 `` i will buy them , thanks . '' 
 the shopkeeper rang them up silently , his lips in a prissy pucker . 
 as soon as emma and madeline got out of the shop , they both grabbed each other and exploded into giggles . 
 `` what was that coat he was wearing ? '' 
 madeline shook her head . 
 `` a dead cat ? '' '' 
 ` now either buy them or take them off your grimy little face ! ' '' 
 emma imitated . 
 `` so unreal . '' 
 as madeline slung her arm around emma 's shoulders , there was a lift in emma 's chest . 
 for a moment , she 'd actually forgotten the situation she was in . 
 they cruised to the upper floor , arm in arm . 
 at the top of the escalator , emma spied the top of a familiar dark head on the level below and stopped cold . 
 a girl stood outside fetch , the high-end pet store , browsing a table of squeak toys and studded leashes . 
 she craned her neck upward , as if she sensed someone staring at her . 
 nisha . 
 madeline eyed nisha , too . 
 `` i heard she 's next , '' she whispered in emma 's ear . 
 `` we 're going to get her tomorrow . '' 
 `` get her ? '' 
 emma frowned . 
 `` charlotte thought of something brilliant . 
 we 'll pick you up at seven-thirty tomorrow morning . 
 be ready . '' 
 nisha gave the girls a final look , then tossed her hair over her shoulder and walked in the other direction . 
 be ready ? 
 emma wondered . 
 for ... what ? 
 she gazed questioningly at madeline , but madeline 's eyes were obscured behind her new gucci sunglasses . 
 all emma could see was her own reflection staring back at her , looking more confused than ever . 
 she was n't the only one . 
 something about madeline 's voice put me on edge . 
 i had a feeling that whatever they were going to do to nisha was going to be ... trouble . 
 but both emma and i would have to wait until tomorrow to find out exactly what it was . 
 chapter 15 the scene of the crime the following morning , charlotte 's suv roared to the curb in front of the mercers ' house , nearly taking out a trash can . 
 laurel scuttled into the backseat fast . 
 madeline handed her a giant starbucks cup . 
 `` thanks again for letting me in on this , '' laurel gushed . 
 `` you had some good ideas with this one , '' charlotte murmured while typing on her blackberry . 
 `` you deserve some credit . '' 
 emma climbed in behind laurel . 
 madeline handed her a hot coffee , too , though emma did n't remember giving her an order . 
 she took a sip and winced . 
 it was black with splenda , yechh . 
 twins must not share the same taste buds . 
 `` what 's this all about , anyway ? '' 
 she asked . 
 charlotte waved the little stirring straw that had come with her latte at emma . 
 `` do n't you worry about a thing . 
 it 's our turn , sutton . 
 this is for you . '' 
 charlotte turned out of sutton 's neighborhood , passing the park where emma and ethan had played tennis . 
 `` it 's all timed perfectly , '' she said in a low voice . 
 `` i 've been watching nisha since monday . '' 
 `` and you set up everything last night ? '' 
 madeline was wearing her new gucci sunglasses . 
 the sunlight caught the gold frames and sent reflections around the inside of the car . 
 charlotte nodded . 
 `` you girls are going to love it . '' 
 she wheeled around and peered at laurel . 
 `` and you talked to ... you know ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 laurel giggled . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 within minutes , they were pulling into a space in the school parking lot . 
 school did n't start for another half hour , so the bus lanes were empty and the boys ' soccer team , who practiced both before and after school , were still galloping on the field . 
 the girls grabbed emma 's arms and pulled her through the courtyard and a side door . 
 the hallways were deserted . 
 posters for student council elections flapped in the air-conditioned breeze . 
 big swirls from the janitor 's mop gleamed on the floor . 
 the locker room was deserted , too , smelling like a mix of powdery deodorant and bleach . 
 each sports team got its own wide aisle . 
 girls kept the same sports locker from year to year-emma had opened sutton 's designated tennis locker on the first day of practice and found a few things still inside , including a shiny nylon jacket that said hollier tennis on the back . 
 as they rounded the corner to the tennis team 's bank of lockers , madeline stopped short . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 laurel covered her mouth with her hand . 
 emma peered around them and nearly cried out . 
 papers lay scattered over the floor and on the benches . 
 red liquid covered a couple of doors and lockers . 
 there was a tape outline of a body on the floor , with a big splattering of red stuff-blood ? 
 - near the head . 
 yellow police tape strung around the outline said crime scene : do not cross . 
 emma 's vision began to narrow . 
 she took a big step back . 
 could it be ? 
 she thought of the note again . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 maybe someone had found sutton 's body ... here . 
 maybe the snuff film had taken place in a field nearby . 
 the killer had dragged sutton into the locker room and deposited her here for someone to find . 
 and if they 'd found sutton , what would that mean for emma ? 
 i tried to imagine my body lying on the cold locker room floor , blood seeping out of my head , my eyes fluttering closed . 
 had this been it ? 
 had someone dumped me here ? 
 but the locker room setting did n't match the flickers i 'd already had about my death-the screams , the darkness , the knife at my throat . 
 something seemed off about the whole thing . 
 then i noticed laurel 's small , nervous smile behind her hand . 
 `` psst . '' 
 charlotte yanked them into the shower room . 
 the floor was shiny and wet , and someone had left a big bottle of aveda shampoo on a built-in shelf in one of the stalls . 
 charlotte peeked around the doorway and gestured for the girls to do the same . 
 a few girls on various teams passed the tennis lockers , doing a triple take at the crime scene . 
 an angular cross-country runner took a picture of it with her phone . 
 an asian girl saw it and immediately turned around and went the other direction . 
 when nisha appeared at the far end of the hall , charlotte squeezed emma 's hand . 
 `` let the games begin . '' 
 a cold , clammy feeling of understanding washed over emma . 
 but before she could say anything , charlotte put her finger to her lips . 
 shhh . 
 nisha 's dark hair cascaded down her back . 
 she carried a green tennis bag on her shoulder . 
 when she turned the corner and noticed the crime scene , she stopped hard . 
 she took a few tentative steps toward it , staring at the locker surrounded by police tape . 
 a helpless look washed over her face . 
 `` miss ? '' 
 a woman in a police uniform burst into the room , making everyone , including emma , charlotte , and madeline , jump . 
 nisha flinched and pressed her arm to her chest as if to say , who me ? 
 `` can you tell me whose locker this is ? '' 
 nisha 's tawny skin turned ashen . 
 she glanced at the cop 's badge , then at her gun . 
 `` um , that 's my locker . '' 
 laurel let out a tiny yelp of a laugh . 
 charlotte shot her a look . 
 the cop tapped the locker door with the antenna of her walkie-talkie . 
 `` would you mind opening it for me ? 
 i need to search it . '' 
 nisha 's bag slipped from her shoulder to the floor . 
 she did n't pick it back up . 
 `` w-why ? '' 
 `` i have a warrant right here . '' 
 the cop unfolded a piece of paper and flashed it in nisha 's face . 
 `` i need to search this locker . '' 
 charlotte covered her mouth with her hand . 
 madeline 's whole body shook , making tiny i-don ` t-want-to-laugh squeaks . 
 they both turned to emma . 
 charlotte lifted her eyebrows in a silent look that seemed to ask , do n't you love this ? 
 emma looked away . 
 more girls gathered in the locker room , nudging and staring . 
 the cop paced the aisle . 
 nisha opened and closed her mouth a few times without speaking . 
 tears welled in her eyes . 
 `` am i in trouble ? 
 i did n't do anything ! '' 
 `` i 'll be the judge of that , '' the cop said . 
 the handcuffs on her belt jingled . 
 madeline nudged laurel in the ribs . 
 `` where did you find her ? '' 
 `` i put an ad on craigslist . '' 
 laurel beamed . 
 `` she 's a theater major at the u of a. '' the cop nodded at nisha again , this time more forcefully . 
 nisha 's hands shook as she worked the combination . 
 by now charlotte was doubled over , her shoulders shaking . 
 madeline had her tongue wedged between her teeth to stave off giggles . 
 when the locker opened , the cop plunged her hand inside and pulled out a kitchen knife . 
 more red stuff smeared the pointed tip . 
 nisha sank down to the bench in the middle of the aisle . 
 `` i-i do n't know how that got there ! '' 
 emma picked nervously at dry skin on her palm . 
 sure , nisha was a bitch , but was she this much of a bitch ? 
 i watched uncertainly , too . 
 maybe i 'd been a prankster when i was alive , but from the other side , a staged murder definitely turned the proverbial stomach of a girl who 'd just been killed . 
 in fact , it seemed almost eerily coincidental ... . 
 `` i need to search the top part of the locker , too , '' the cop demanded . 
 `` and then you and i are going to take a little trip down to the station . '' 
 `` but this is a mistake ! '' 
 nisha 's eyes filled with tears . 
 emma tugged charlotte 's sleeve . 
 `` guys . 
 come on . 
 that 's enough . '' 
 charlotte shot up and whirled around . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nisha seems kind of freaked out . '' 
 madeline cocked her head . 
 `` that 's why it 's funny . '' 
 `` we do n't want her to have a heart attack , '' emma argued . 
 `` like you have n't done worse , sutton ? '' 
 a water droplet from the shower nozzle plopped on charlotte 's head , but she ignored it . 
 `` do n't get all soft on us now . 
 anyway , we had to go big with her . 
 she knows what we 're about . 
 we could n't just fill her pool with frogs or put nair in her shampoo or something dumb like that . '' 
 `` i think it was a genius idea , '' laurel whispered behind them . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 charlotte grinned . 
 `` i knew we needed something special to kick off a new year of the lying game ! '' 
 emma chomped down on the inside of her cheek to keep from showing surprise . 
 the lying game ? 
 the words swirled in my head , too . 
 sensations bobbed to the surface . 
 screams and laughs , hands clapped over mouths , the hot stomach-pull of excitement . 
 i strained to remember more , but it was just a cascade of feelings that rushed over me . 
 out in the aisle , the cop pressed the latch to open the top compartment of nisha 's locker . 
 charlotte grabbed emma 's hand . 
 `` get ready . '' 
 as the door opened , something shot out of the space . 
 nisha screamed and covered her eyes . 
 emma braced herself , too ... and then she saw a shiny mylar balloon float lazily into the aisle and bob to the ceiling . 
 it was in the shape of a banana with bug eyes and a deranged smile . 
 `` that 's bananas ! '' 
 a robotic voice rang out from the balloon as it bounced off the ceiling . 
 `` that 's bananas ! 
 that 's bananas ! '' 
 a note dangled from the end of the string that said gotcha ! 
 emma could n't help but explode with laughter . 
 now that was funny . 
 nisha wiped her eyes , a tiny wrinkle forming between her eyebrows . 
 she looked over her shoulder for the cop , but the university of arizona drama student had run off , bloody knife and all . 
 nisha ripped the gotcha ! 
 note off the string , crumpled it up , and tossed it to the floor . 
 `` that 's bananas ! '' 
 the balloon bleated again and again in a robotic voice . 
 charlotte emerged from their hiding place in the showers , her high-heeled boots clicking on the tile . 
 nisha turned and glared at her , her face puce . 
 `` you better not tell on us , '' charlotte said in a chillingly even voice . 
 she wagged her finger back and forth . 
 `` or else we 'll get you worse . '' 
 madeline and laurel formed a convoy behind charlotte , shooting nisha the same do n't - mess-with-us looks , too . 
 emma ran past nisha as fast as she could . 
 out in the hall , the girls leaned against the wall and laughed long and hard . 
 madeline grabbed charlotte 's hand . 
 tears rolled down laurel 's cheeks . 
 `` her face ! '' 
 charlotte said between breaths . 
 `` priceless ! '' 
 madeline cried . 
 laurel poked emma 's side . 
 `` c'mon . 
 you can admit it now . 
 you loved it , right ? '' 
 they were all staring at emma like she was the be-all and end-all , the final thumbs-up or thumbs-down . 
 emma stared blankly out the floor-to-ceiling windows that lined the hallway . 
 a mini yellow school bus pulled away from the curb . 
 a group of girls in field hockey uniforms passed , all giggling . 
 then emma turned back and regarded each of sutton 's friends . 
 whatever this was , sutton had clearly been the ringleader . 
 charlotte waved her hand in front of emma 's face . 
 `` well ? 
 a-plus or f-minus ? '' 
 emma hefted her purse higher on her shoulder and mustered a devious smile . 
 `` a-plus , '' she managed to say , trying to channel her sister . 
 `` it was awesome . '' 
 the girls smiled with relief . 
 `` i knew it . '' 
 charlotte gave emma a high five . 
 the bell rang , and they linked elbows and started down the hall . 
 emma was pulled along with them , but all her body parts , down to the individual cells , were quivering . 
 the lying game . 
 if this was something sutton and her friends did often , if this was something they 'd done to a lot of people at school , they might 've pushed someone too far . 
 she thought of what charlotte had said . 
 like you have n't done worse , sutton ? 
 what if that was just it ? 
 what if sutton had done worse-much worse-and someone had killed her for it ? 
 i concentrated hard , but i still could n't see what that horrible thing could have been . 
 but even so , i had a sinking feeling emma might be right . 
 chapter 16 last bus to vegas emma pushed through the congested halls to her locker . 
 her nose still stung with the smell of the fake blood . 
 over her shoulder , she noticed two girls glance at her with a mix of fear and reverence . 
 she distinctly heard them whisper the words `` nisha '' and `` crime scene . '' 
 a guy in a soccer jersey stood in the doorway of the student council room and chanted , `` that 's bananas ! 
 that 's bananas ! '' 
 had the details of the prank gotten out already ? 
 how could they all laugh about it ? 
 `` hi , sutton ! '' 
 a girl called to emma as she passed , but her smile looked twisted and sinister . 
 `` what up , sutton ? '' 
 a tall guy in baggy pants and skate shoes called from inside a science classroom , but was it emma 's imagination or did his voice have a steely , hateful edge ? 
 sutton could 've pranked these people-all of them . 
 anyone could be her killer . 
 she whipped around the corner and nearly collided into a tall figure carrying a large cup of coffee . 
 `` whoa , '' he said , protectively placing a hand on the lid . 
 emma backed up . 
 ethan stood before her , wearing a gray hoodie , long army-green surfer shorts , and faded converse shoes . 
 his unapproachable , surly expression softened when he saw it was her . 
 `` oh . 
 hey . '' 
 `` hey , '' emma answered , grateful to see a friendly face . 
 she started down the hall . 
 `` h-how are you ? '' 
 she tried to sound cheerful , but her voice trembled . 
 `` i 'm cool . '' 
 ethan kept pace with her . 
 `` you ? 
 you 've got that the-bogeyman 's - after-me look again . '' 
 emma ran her hand over the back of her neck . 
 it was suddenly sweaty . 
 her heart was pounding really fast , too . 
 `` i 'm just a little freaked out , '' she admitted . 
 `` why ? '' 
 they turned another corner and walked through the lobby , sidestepping a group of kids break-dancing by the ceramics display case . 
 `` let 's just say i 'm tempted to blow off school for the rest of the year and hide in a cave somewhere . '' 
 `` is this about the nisha prank ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 `` two girls ahead of me in the coffee line were talking about it , '' he went on . 
 one of his shoulders rose in a sheepish shrug . 
 `` it sounded ... crazy . '' 
 emma sank down on a lobby bench . 
 `` yeah . 
 my friends kind of went ... too far . '' 
 ethan sat down next to her , picking up a flyer that said fall harvest dance ! 
 get your tickets now ! 
 and twisting it in his hands . 
 one corner of his mouth pulled up into a sarcastic smile . 
 `` is n't that kind of how it works ? 
 do n't you guys always go too far ? '' 
 a knot formed in emma 's stomach . 
 charlotte 's words spun in her head like clothes in a dryer : like you have n't done worse ? 
 was that how it worked ? 
 she swallowed hard , staring blankly across the room at a large display case next to the auditorium . 
 a gold-lettered poster said in memoriam . 
 black-and-white yearbook portraits of dead students marched up and down the page , along with their names and death dates . 
 sutton should be on that board , emma thought . 
 she wondered if whoever had killed her passed this lobby all the time . 
 two guys played tag down the hall , their footsteps ringing out on the hard floor . 
 emma blinked hard . 
 before she could say anything more , the bell rang . 
 ethan gave emma a parting smile . 
 `` if you 're sick of the pranks , you should tell your friends you want to stop . 
 just walk away from it , y ' know ? 
 everyone would thank you for it . '' 
 he tossed the coffee cup in the trash . 
 `` see you around . '' 
 emma watched him disappear down the hall . 
 her palms felt sweaty . 
 she knew she needed to stand up , but her legs would n't work . 
 the dead faces on the in memoriam poster watched her with eerie , knowing smiles . 
 and then what she needed to do zinged through her body like a dart . 
 `` i have to get out of here , '' she whispered . 
 she 'd never felt so sure of something in her life . 
 whatever sutton was involved in , whatever the lying game was , it was scary and dangerous and way too intense . 
 just sitting here in the school hall made her feel like a target in a rifle range . 
 and maybe , i thought with a shudder , someone was already taking aim . 
 laurel 's jetta made a screeching noise as emma wheeled it into the parking lot of the downtown tucson greyhound station . 
 she hit the brake just before ramming into a cinderblock parking divider . 
 turning off the ignition , she looked cautiously around . 
 the air was oven-hot and the blacktop shimmered . 
 two old men outside the station gave emma a squinty look . 
 across the street , three scruffy college kids shuffling into hotel congress turned and stared right at her , too . 
 even the sex kittens in the sandm window seemed to be watching . 
 emma slipped on sutton 's big dandg sunglasses , but she still felt exposed . 
 it was later that afternoon , and emma was supposed to be at tennis practice . 
 she 'd racked her brain all day for how she could get out of town-and where she 'd go . 
 emma did n't want to use sutton 's atm or credit cards to fund her escape-it would be too easy for the killer to track her . 
 and then she 'd realized : the locker in vegas . 
 she 'd stashed her two-thousand-dollar nest egg there , afraid to bring such a huge wad of cash to tucson . 
 the locker required a numerical combination , which emma had set to becky 's birthday , march tenth . 
 if emma could just get back to the money , she 'd be okay for a while . 
 she could take a cheap bus to the east coast , where no one would find her . 
 maybe , if she got out of the way , people would realize sutton was gone and start searching for her . 
 and maybe i 'd finally figure out why-and how-i 'd died . 
 or would i ? 
 if emma left , would i go with her-to live her new , anonymous life in new york or new england ? 
 constantly following her while she moved on ? 
 or would i disappear forever once she left my life ? 
 what would happen to me then ? 
 emma had swiftly stolen laurel 's keys from her tennis locker . 
 please forgive me , laurel , she 'd silently beseeched as she 'd gingerly plucked the keys from the bag and slipped them into her pocket . 
 not a minute later , she was pulling out of the parking lot , stabbing greyhound bus station into laurel 's gps . 
 emma entered the bus station and stood in line behind a thin balding man with square-framed glasses and a frizzy-haired woman with a giant rolling suitcase . 
 the shifty-eyed ticket attendant glanced up and stared straight at her , then went back to ringing up a sale . 
 a sign over the woman 's head gave a bus schedule for las vegas . 
 the bus left in fifteen minutes . 
 perfect . 
 the thin balding man leaned forward on his elbows at the ticket counter and made small talk about the weather . 
 the overhead light made an anxious , high-pitched squeal . 
 every time the wind gusted , the door blew open and shut , making emma jump . 
 the hair on her arms stood on end . 
 if only this line would move a little faster . 
 a paramore song suddenly exploded from emma 's bag . 
 she pulled out sutton 's ringing iphone . 
 laurel , said the caller id . 
 emma instantly hit silent . 
 the missed call message flashed on the screen , but then laurel called right back . 
 emma muffled paramore once again . 
 why was n't laurel on the tennis court ? 
 emma thought she had at least an hour before laurel would notice her car missing . 
 after another missed call message flashed , a new text appeared . 
 emma opened it . 
 911 , laurel wrote . 
 did you take my car ? 
 are you okay ? 
 if you do n't call back in five minutes i 'm sending out a search party . 
 the frizzy-haired woman in front of emma peered at her curiously . 
 the ticket attendant leered as she licked a finger to count out dollar bills . 
 emma tried to swallow the lump that had formed in her throat . 
 all at once , her escape plan felt foolish . 
 laurel was probably freaking out about the missing car at tennis right now . 
 and even if emma did get on the bus for vegas , the police would find laurel 's car in the parking lot in no time . 
 with no emma inside , everyone would assume the girl they thought was sutton had just run away . 
 and then shifty eyes the ticket attendant would identify emma as the girl who 'd bought a ticket to vegas ... and the cops would be looking for emma there , not for sutton 's body here . 
 laurel called again just as emma stepped out of the ticket line . 
 emma pressed the green answer button and said hello . 
 `` there you are , flake . '' 
 laurel sounded annoyed . 
 her voice was hollow , like the phone was on speaker . 
 `` did you steal my car ? '' 
 `` just get your own car out of the impound lot already ! '' 
 charlotte 's voice called from the background . 
 `` we 'll all pool our money ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' emma blurted . 
 `` i just ... needed to do something . 
 something important . '' 
 she walked to the window and gazed across the street at the girls in the shop window . 
 what could be so important down here ? 
 sex toys ? 
 seeing an emo show at hotel congress ? 
 `` i 'm taking laurel home from tennis , so no worries , '' charlotte said . 
 `` but finish up your little errand before our sleepover , okay ? 
 it wo n't be complete without the executive committee . '' 
 `` do n't forget lili and gabby , '' laurel piped up . 
 `` yeah , but they do n't count , '' charlotte countered . 
 the loudspeaker in the station crackled , making emma jump . 
 `` now departing in stall three , greyhound 459 to las vegas , '' the ticket taker 's bored , nasal voice boomed . 
 `` las vegas , now boarding . '' 
 emma scrambled to muffle the iphone , but it was too late . 
 there was a pause on the other end . 
 `` did they just say greyhound ? '' 
 laurel sounded confused . 
 `` are you going to vegas ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 emma pushed the creaky door out of the station and walked as fast as she could to laurel 's car , afraid the blaring announcement might sound again . 
 `` i-i was just passing by the bus station . 
 the window 's down . 
 but i 'm on my way back home now , okay ? '' 
 the already hot upholstery in laurel 's car burned emma 's shoulders and the backs of her legs as she climbed in and hung up the phone . 
 her fingers shook as she pushed the key into the ignition . 
 a motor growled , and she looked up . 
 a bus chugged under the porte cochere , a big sign that said las vegas on the windshield . 
 people threw their luggage in the lower compartment and climbed aboard . 
 then a small clicking sound made her stiffen and turn . 
 the backs of her ears burned . 
 it felt like someone was staring at her . 
 she looked around . 
 the old men on the bench had vanished . 
 on the street , traffic had come to a standstill . 
 a neon green prius that said discount cab honked . 
 a red hatchback with a big dent in the fender idled behind it , and a black pickup revved its engine impatiently behind that . 
 in front of them all , a silver mercedes crept slowly past the bus station . 
 emma stared hard at its gleaming hood ornament . 
 through the tinted windows , emma could just make out that the driver was looking at something in the bus station parking lot . 
 her . 
 i squinted hard to see who it was , but i could n't make out a face . 
 the green cab honked once more , and the mercedes driver faced forward again and rolled through the light . 
 emma watched the car until it vanished over the hill . 
 only after it had disappeared from view could she exhale . 
 but her jittery paranoia was for good reason . 
 after all , whoever killed me was watching her every move . 
 chapter 17 never have i ever later that evening , laurel drove one-handed while twisting her long blond hair into a messy bun at the nape of her neck . 
 she steered the car up a steep , undulating road toward charlotte 's house , a hidden estate tucked away on a high road halfway up the mountain , nestled into the desert rock . 
 emma took it all in as laurel pressed the intercom button outside the gates of charlotte 's house and waited . 
 a voice buzzed through the speaker a few seconds later . 
 `` it 's laurel and sutton ! '' 
 laurel called into the microphone . 
 a latch clicked , and the gate slowly swung open . 
 a slate-paved path unfurled before them . 
 a lush green lawn surrounded them on either side , complete with saguaro cacti , flowering trumpet bushes , and creosote plants . 
 in the middle of the circular driveway was a stone fountain filled with nak * d stone cherubs . 
 beyond that stood the house itself , a massive adobe mansion of floor-to-ceiling windows and skylights . 
 a brass bell hung from a tower over the massive front door . 
 several horses grazed behind a split-rail fence to the left , and a shiny silver porsche waited outside a five-car garage . 
 laurel glanced at emma as she shifted into park at the end of the long circular drive . 
 `` thanks , for , like , not being weird about me coming tonight . '' 
 emma brushed her hair out of her face . 
 `` it 's cool . '' 
 laurel leaned on the steering wheel . 
 dark lashes framed her eyes . 
 `` you 've been a little ... different this week . 
 are you on a new diet or something ? '' 
 `` i 'm not different , '' emma said quickly . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , it 's not a bad thing . '' 
 laurel pulled the keys out of the ignition . 
 `` except for your crazy-ass car theft . 
 and how you took off in the parking lot the first morning of school . '' 
 she shot emma a crooked smile . 
 `` and , okay , one or two other things , too . '' 
 `` i like to keep everyone guessing , '' emma mumbled , ducking her head . 
 while she did n't want laurel to give her the third-degree about her odd behavior , it was kind of nice that laurel had noticed that her sister was n't exactly acting like herself . 
 the girls walked up a shiny path that led to the front door and rang the bell . 
 two deep strikes of a gong sounded , and a woman with a bright smile greeted them . 
 she wore gray ultra-skinny jeans that left nothing to the imagination , a long striped shirt emma had seen in the window of urban outfitters , and silver heels with cutouts at the toes . 
 a pair of white ray-ban wayfarers perched on her head and diamonds the size of chickpeas glittered in her ears . 
 she had golden , lineless skin , rich blond hair , and bright eyes the color of the caribbean . 
 emma looked at laurel , wondering who this person was . 
 an older sister home from college ? 
 `` hi , sutton , '' the girl said . 
 `` hey , laurel . '' 
 she nodded appreciatively at laurel 's striped madewell duffel . 
 `` love the bag . '' 
 `` thanks , mrs. chamberlain , '' laurel chirped . 
 emma almost swallowed her gum . 
 mrs. chamberlain ? 
 i was pretty astonished , too . 
 i could n't remember her at all . 
 `` guys ! '' 
 charlotte called from the top of the stairs . 
 laurel and emma gave mrs. chamberlain parting smiles-she had an expectant look on her face , almost like she wanted to be invited up to hang out with them-and climbed the winding double-staircase lined with splashy , jackson pollock-style paintings . 
 charlotte pushed through two double doors to a bedroom twice the size of sutton 's - and a gazillion times the size of anything emma had ever lived in . 
 madeline and the twitter twins already sat on a striped rug in the center of the room , munching from a bowl of pretzels and sipping coke zeroes . 
 `` we were just telling lili and gabby about the nisha prank . '' 
 madeline pulled up her off-the-shoulder blouse so that it was n't showing half her bra . 
 `` not that we had n't already heard , of course , '' lili piped up , flicking a piece of lint off one of her avril lavigne-like fingerless gloves . 
 `` maybe one of these days you 'll let us help you with one of your pranks , '' gabby added , readjusting the grosgrain-lined headband that held back her long blond hair . 
 `` we have tons of killer ideas . '' 
 charlotte sat down and grabbed a handful of pretzels . 
 `` sorry . 
 the lying game is limited to only four members . 
 is n't that right , sutton ? '' 
 again she looked to emma , as though emma made the final decisions . 
 a shiver danced up emma 's spine . 
 the lying game . 
 just the name turned her blood vessels to icicles . 
 `` right , '' she said after a pause . 
 gabby made a face . 
 `` so it 's okay for us to be part of the club when the joke 's on us , but not the other way around ? '' 
 she nudged lili , and she nodded , too . 
 their eyes blazed . 
 there was a long pause . 
 madeline exchanged a look with charlotte . 
 `` that was different . '' 
 `` yeah , really different . '' 
 charlotte turned and stared pointedly at emma . 
 emma fiddled with the ankle strap on her shoe , wishing she knew what they meant . 
 charlotte cleared her throat , breaking the awkward tension . 
 `` well . 
 there 's one game we can all play ... . '' 
 she flung open the double doors of a large wooden wardrobe at the far end of the room . 
 `` since we 're all here , we can start . '' 
 she unveiled a bottle of absolut citron from behind her back . 
 `` it 's not a new school season without a round of never have i ever . '' 
 she poured the clear liquid into round glasses and passed them around . 
 `` just to review , you name something you 've never done before . 
 for instance , never have i ever french-kissed mr. howe . '' 
 `` ew ! '' 
 lili squealed . 
 `` and then anyone who has kissed mr. howe has to drink , '' charlotte concluded . 
 `` except they have to be real things , '' madeline said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` not stuff none of us would do . '' 
 `` sutton might kiss mr. howe . '' 
 charlotte shot emma a coy look . 
 `` you never know . '' 
 everyone giggled nervously . 
 `` i 'll go first , '' madeline volunteered . 
 she looked around at all of them . 
 `` never have i ever ... skipped four days of school in a row . '' 
 she sat back on her haunches , not drinking . 
 gabriella and lilianna also held their glasses in their laps . 
 emma did n't move either . 
 madeline flicked emma 's knee with her thumb and forefinger . 
 `` hello ? 
 what about that time you ran off to san diego for the long weekend ? '' 
 `` the really long weekend , '' charlotte giggled . 
 `` i thought you were dead ! '' 
 then she nudged her chin at emma 's glass . 
 `` bottoms up , buttercup ! '' 
 emma did n't know what else to do but take a sip . 
 she nearly gagged . 
 it tasted like sucking on the nozzle at the gas pump and eating a slightly rotten lemon at the same time . 
 charlotte was next . 
 she drummed her nails on the edge of the glass , thinking . 
 `` let 's see . 
 never have i ever ... stolen someone 's boyfriend . '' 
 everyone sat very still once more . 
 madeline glanced at laurel . 
 charlotte turned and stared at emma , making a little ahem under her breath . 
 emma suddenly realized what charlotte was getting at . 
 tentatively she lifted her glass to her mouth again . 
 `` good , '' charlotte said quietly . 
 emma bit down hard on the inside of her cheek . 
 who knew a drinking game would lead to such a gold mine of information about her sister ? 
 watching them , i was transfixed . 
 already i had learned two things about my past . 
 i wanted them to play all night . 
 `` never have i ever gone skinny-dipping in the hot springs , '' laurel said next . 
 everyone drank except for laurel and charlotte . 
 figuring sutton was probably ballsy enough to do something like that , emma swallowed another sip . 
 `` never have i ever cheated on a test , '' charlotte announced . 
 madeline and lili glanced at her and drank a shot . 
 `` what would we do without you , char ? '' 
 madeline said . 
 emma supposed she should drink , too . 
 `` never have i ever written a fake love note to principal larson , '' gabriella said next . 
 charlotte and madeline glanced at emma and giggled , so again , down the hatch . 
 emma no longer gagged with each swallow ; she was starting to get used to the taste . 
 her limbs relaxed . 
 her jaw softened from its clenched position . 
 laurel volunteered next . 
 `` never have i ever made out with a college guy . '' 
 she leaned back and surveyed the crowd . 
 madeline pointed at emma and grinned . 
 `` remember that guy at plush ? 
 you thought he was our age but he was actually twenty-two ? '' 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 the twitter twins squealed in unison , impressed . 
 charlotte raised an eyebrow . 
 `` when was this ? '' 
 madeline frowned . 
 `` july ? '' 
 the tip of charlotte 's nose turned red . 
 `` what did garrett think about that ? '' 
 madeline pressed her hand over her mouth . 
 gabriella coughed . 
 emma rolled the cup between her palms . 
 great , so sutton 's a boyfriend-stealer and a boyfriend-cheater , too . 
 i groped for a memory to explain it , but my mind was static fuzz . 
 i 'd cheated on garrett ? 
 why would i do that ? 
 `` maybe i have my dates mixed up , '' madeline blurted . 
 `` it was before sutton started dating garrett . '' 
 `` yeah , it was , '' emma agreed , hoping it was true , but somehow doubting it . 
 charlotte fiddled with something on her iphone and did n't answer . 
 then it was emma 's turn . 
 she looked around at sutton 's friends . 
 all of them listed a little to the side . 
 there was a goofy smile on madeline 's face . 
 the room had begun to smell strongly of booze . 
 `` okay , '' she said , taking a deep breath , trying to think how to phrase the question she most wanted to ask . 
 `` never have i ever ... pulled a prank for the lying game . '' 
 the twitter twins exchanged a bitter glance , but charlotte , laurel , and madeline rolled their eyes . 
 `` duh , '' charlotte groaned , tilting the glass at her mouth . 
 `` hello , nisha ? 
 today ? '' 
 `` no , something other than nisha , '' emma revised . 
 `` a really ... awful prank . 
 something you felt terrible about when it was over . '' 
 something that would prompt someone to get revenge , she wished she could add . 
 something that would drive someone to drag sutton out into a field and choke her . 
 the lying game members paused , looking a little caught off guard . 
 gabriella and lilianna obviously refrained , but laurel grabbed her drink , glanced nervously at emma , and took a guilty sip . 
 and then at the same moment , charlotte and madeline did , too . 
 charlotte nudged her chin toward emma 's glass . 
 `` i think you should be drinking too , sweetie . '' 
 emma swallowed the rest of the vodka , the liquid searing the lining of her stomach . 
 if she swallowed a match right now , she 'd probably explode . 
 `` honestly , i thought you were going to pull the first prank of the year . '' 
 charlotte poured more absolut into everyone 's glasses . 
 `` what happened to that great thing you bragged about all summer ? 
 the ultimate gotcha ? '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 madeline raised her glass into the air . 
 some of the liquid sloshed over the sides . 
 `` you said it was going to be huge . 
 i 've been on edge for weeks . '' 
 a bitter taste filled emma 's mouth . 
 so the lying game was n't just about tricking other people around school ... it was about pranking people within the group , too . 
 all of a sudden , the snuff film crackled in her mind . 
 she thought of how sutton had gone limp after the necklace had cut off her breathing . 
 how she 'd remained motionless until someone pulled the blindfold off her head and checked on her . 
 what if she had n't been as hurt as she seemed ? 
 how far would she go for a good joke ? 
 suddenly , like a row of dominos , the synapses of emma 's brain began making connections one after another . 
 she thought of the note laurel had found on her windshield . 
 she pictured sutton 's phone and wallet sitting on her desk ; there was practically an x-marks-the-spot over them for emma to find . 
 then there was the matter of emma 's own id going missing so that she had no way of proving who she was . 
 her heart started to race . 
 oh my god , she thought . 
 what if the ultimate prank was happening right now ? 
 what if emma was the main attraction ? 
 the alcohol burned in her stomach . 
 she leapt to her feet , ran toward the nearest doorway , and flung it open . 
 inside was a whole wall of shoes and bags . 
 she slammed the door again and fumbled in the opposite direction . 
 charlotte stood and ratcheted emma 's shoulders to the left . 
 `` bathroom 's that way , sweetie . '' 
 she gave emma a gentle nudge toward a white door on the other side of the room . 
 `` do n't vomit in the tub like last time ! '' 
 `` i 'm totally tweeting this , '' gabriella giggled . 
 `` no , i am , '' lilianna whined . 
 emma staggered into the bathroom and slammed the door . 
 she leaned over the enormous marble sink , the full weight of what was happening taking hold of her and squeezing hard . 
 sutton was n't dead at all . 
 she 'd orchestrated the whole thing . 
 she 'd found out about emma somehow and posted that snuff film online so her long-lost twin would find her . 
 she summoned emma to sabino canyon knowing full well that madeline would see her on their way to nisha 's . 
 sutton had tricked all of them into thinking emma was her ... and she 'd tricked emma , too . 
 emma 's suspicions crashed into my own . 
 did i know about her before i died ? 
 had i somehow lured her here , and then fallen victim to my own prank ? 
 the girl i 'd learned about tonight , the sutton everyone here knew so well , definitely seemed capable of it . 
 but as i searched my faint memories and watched emma , unable to help her at all , it did n't feel true . 
 i did n't want it to be true . 
 emma grabbed a spare toilet paper roll from the shelf and threw it across the room . 
 it bounced off the tiled wall and fell into the tub . 
 then she sank to the woolly mat on the bathroom floor . 
 the room was enormous , with a mini sauna and a vanity containing enough cosmetics to outfit sephora . 
 photographs of charlotte and the rest of the crowd were plastered all over the walls , some of them in frames , some of them pinned up with tacks , others crammed into the corners of the mirrors . 
 madeline stood in fifth position over the toilet . 
 a shirtless garrett grinned at her from next to the shower stall . 
 most of the pictures were of sutton . 
 she stared , smiled , smirked , and blew kisses from every angle . 
 she curtsied and cackled , spun with her arms outstretched , and vogue-posed in fancy dresses , the missing silver locket dangling around her neck . 
 emma suddenly despised the sight of her sister . 
 she glowered at the photo closest to her , a candid of sutton , charlotte , and madeline standing in front of in-n-out burger , shoving double doubles into their open mouths . 
 before she could stop herself , she grabbed an eyeliner pencil from the sink and drew a pig 's nose over sutton 's face . 
 after a moment , she added devil horns and a tail . 
 there . 
 it made her feel a tiny bit better . 
 she heard the girls snicker in the bedroom . 
 emma stood up , glared at her wild-animal expression in the mirror , and splashed cold water on her face . 
 there was only one thing she could do : ruin sutton 's stupid prank before she could leap out from wherever she was hiding and scream , `` gotcha ! '' 
 there was no way she was going to let sutton win . 
 `` emma ... '' i wished so badly that she could see my flickering body and understand this was n't a joke . 
 that i was dead , really and truly . 
 it was one thing when she rolled her eyes at my life and wrinkled her nose at my boyfriend , but i did n't want her to think i was the kind of person who would use her own long-lost sister that way . 
 i did n't want to be that kind of person . 
 and then , all at once , the fluorescent light on the ceiling burnt out . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 emma called . 
 she fumbled for the doorknob but could n't find it anywhere . 
 her foot hit the metal trash can with a clang . 
 something crashed on the other side of the door . 
 charlotte screamed . 
 `` sutton ? 
 was that you ? '' 
 laurel called . 
 an alarm sounded from downstairs . 
 there were footsteps ... and then a siren . 
 emma trembled . 
 all of a sudden , the darkness sparked something in my mind . 
 spots appeared in front of my eyes . 
 i heard a whooshing sound in my ears . 
 and then i was back in that creek bed behind the resort again , calling laurel 's name , a hand over my eyes , a knife against my neck . 
 scream and you 're dead . 
 and just like that , i saw what happened next ... . 
 chapter 18 who 's laughing now ? 
 `` scream and you 're dead , '' the voice hisses in my ear , the knife still at my throat . 
 someone restrains my arms behind my back and ties a scarf so tightly around my eyes that the fabric presses into my eye sockets . 
 next they pull a gag around my mouth , the cotton digging into my cheeks . 
 hands shove me forward . 
 sandy gravel crunches under my feet and brambles scratch my legs . 
 i hear footsteps next to me . 
 keys jingle . 
 i am pushed up a small hill . 
 my toe hits a jutting rock , and cold pain streaks up my spine . 
 i cry out , but then someone behind me pinches my arm . 
 `` what part of ` scream and you 're dead ' do n't you understand ? '' 
 the blade digs deeper into my skin . 
 after a minute of walking , we halt abruptly . 
 a sharp beep punctuates the air , a car door unlocking . 
 i hear the hydraulic hiss of a trunk opening wide . 
 `` get in . '' 
 someone shoves me from behind , and i fall forward . 
 my cheek hits what feels like the spare tire at the back . 
 my legs bend awkwardly to fit the space . 
 thump . 
 the trunk slams shut again , and all is quiet . 
 i smile to myself in the darkness . 
 let the next round of the lying game begin . 
 my friends had me going for a couple of minutes , but they ca n't fool me for long . 
 i ca n't wait until they lift the trunk again , probably hoping to take a picture of me paralyzed with fright . 
 lame ! 
 i 'll scream , scaring them instead . 
 could you have been any more obvious ? 
 `` scream and you 're dead '' was my line-i used it on madeline when i sneaked into her bedroom last spring while pretending to be a burglar . 
 laurel probably said it , knockoff that she is . 
 they 're going to pay for this though . 
 maybe in the form of a 150-minute massage at la paloma tomorrow . 
 i 'll need one to undo all the kinks in my back from squeezing into this tiny space . 
 then the engine growls . 
 the car backs up and pivots to the right , shifting me into an even more uncomfortable , twister-like position . 
 i frown . 
 we 're going somewhere ? 
 what 's the point of that ? 
 i roll again when the car lurches into drive , banging my knee against the underside of the hood . 
 `` mmmm , '' i moan through the gag . 
 ca n't they be a little gentler on me ? 
 keep this up and i 'll be sidelined from tennis this year . 
 i wriggle my hands to see if i can free them to remove the scarf from my eyes , but whoever bound them must have taken an advanced boy scout class in knot tying . 
 probably laurel again . 
 more than likely thayer had taught her . 
 the two of them always used to do queer outward bound shit like that . 
 gravel crackles beneath the tires , then gives way to the smooth , even sound of freshly tarred pavement . 
 the highway . 
 where are we going ? 
 i strain to listen for conversation inside the car , but it 's dead silent . 
 no pounding radio . 
 no high-pitched giggles . 
 not even a low murmur . 
 i try to move my knee , but it 's wedged against the spare tire . 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 i call again , louder this time . 
 `` mmm ? '' 
 i kick the carpeted side of the trunk that borders the backseat . 
 hopefully i 'm kicking someone 's back . 
 the car does n't stop . 
 the tires buh-bump over the concrete highway . 
 the gag around my mouth cuts into my skin . 
 my back aches . 
 my fingers begin to lose feeling from the tight bind . 
 i thrash some more , but it makes no difference . 
 the car keeps going . 
 and then a nervous thought sears my brain : maybe this is n't a prank at all . 
 maybe i 've been kidnapped . 
 amusement gives way to white-hot fear . 
 i scream as loud as i can . 
 i press my wrists against the rough rope , the scratchy fibers cutting my skin . 
 my friends and i do crazy things to one another , but we know when to stop . 
 we 've never sent anyone to the hospital . 
 no one ever gets hurt-not physically anyway . 
 i think of that voice in my ear . 
 it had sounded like charlotte 's attempt at a gruff baritone ... but maybe it was n't . 
 i kick at the back of the trunk . 
 i shift as best i can and kick at the ceiling above me , hoping the trunk will pop open . 
 i kick again and again , the flip-flops sliding off my feet . 
 it feels like we 've driven far by now , maybe into the desert . 
 no one will know where to find me . 
 no one will even know where to look . 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 i scream , again and again . 
 the car finally lurches to a stop . 
 i catapult forward and hit my chin against the interior wall . 
 a door slams . 
 footsteps crunch in the dirt . 
 i freeze , hot tears in my eyes . 
 there 's another sharp bleep , and then the trunk latch pops . 
 i roll onto my back , straining to see through the scarf over my eyes . 
 i can just make out a corona of a streetlight above and a zigzagging blur of passing headlights to the left . 
 a broad-shouldered shape looms above me , backlit by the streetlight . 
 i can just make out what looks like deep reddish hair through my gauzy blindfold . 
 `` mmm , '' i cry out desperately . 
 but then , just like that , everything goes dark again . 
 chapter 19 leaving is not an option back in charlotte 's bathroom , i watched emma fumbling through the darkness . 
 after the memory i 'd just seen , i had to admit i felt a little relieved . 
 whatever had happened was n't a prank gone wrong that i 'd orchestrated myself . 
 i had n't lured emma here . 
 i had n't toyed with her emotions just to one-up my friends . 
 it made me feel a little bit better about everything . 
 i might have been a lot of things , but at least i did n't use my long-lost twin as frivolously and expendably as a lipstick-blotting kleenex at sephora . 
 emma finally managed to find the doorknob . 
 twisting it , she emerged into charlotte 's bedroom . 
 five phones glowed in the middle of the carpet , throwing long shadows onto my friends ' faces . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 emma whispered . 
 `` we lost power . '' 
 charlotte sipped the last of her drink . 
 she sounded annoyed . 
 there was a knock at the door , and everyone yelped . 
 charlotte quickly stuffed the vodka bottle and glasses under the bed . 
 moments later , mrs. chamberlain shone a flashlight into the room . 
 `` you girls okay ? '' 
 `` is the power out at the neighbors ' , too ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 emma noticed she was trying to enunciate very precisely , which just made her sound even drunker . 
 mrs. chamberlain walked to the window and looked out . 
 golden light spilled from the windows of the house nearest to them . 
 `` guess not . 
 spooky , huh ? '' 
 emma shifted from foot to foot . 
 yes . 
 `` oh , do n't worry , girls , '' mrs. chamberlain said . 
 `` it 's just a power outage . 
 if you light candles , blow them out before you go to sleep . '' 
 she shut the door again . 
 everyone turned back to the center of the circle and exchanged wide-eyed glances . 
 suddenly there was a whirring sound , and the lights snapped back on . 
 the stereo , which had been playing an ipod mix before the power went out , blared , making everyone jump . 
 charlotte 's printer in the corner groaned , warming back up . 
 all the girls rubbed their eyes . 
 after a beat , the twitter twins simultaneously grabbed their phones and started typing . 
 charlotte reached into the bowl of chips in the center of the room and took a greedy handful . 
 `` okay , sutton . 
 tell us how you did it . '' 
 `` did what ? '' 
 emma blinked . 
 the girls looked at her hard . 
 `` the power ? '' 
 emma squeaked , suddenly realizing what they meant . 
 `` i had nothing to do with that ! '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 madeline leaned on a large striped bolster pillow . 
 `` good timing , though . 
 just when we were grilling you about losing your touch , you make the lights go out . 
 i do n't know how you did it , sutton . '' 
 `` she 's a regular enchantress , '' charlotte said wryly . 
 `` broomstick and all . '' 
 `` i did n't do it , '' emma protested . 
 `` i swear . '' 
 `` cross your heart , hope to die ? '' 
 madeline demanded . 
 emma paused , confused . 
 madeline had said it quickly , like a chant . 
 `` yes , '' she answered . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 but then she remembered what she 'd been thinking in the bathroom before the lights went out : it was possible her sister was close-really close . 
 which meant this craziness might come to an end very , very soon . 
 the animosity that had soared through her veins instantly yielded to anticipation . 
 was she finally going to meet sutton , the evil pranking genius , face-to-face ? 
 would she be strong enough to stand up for herself and scold sutton about how she 'd sent her emotions on a wild roller-coaster ride , all for a prank ... or would she buckle as soon as she saw her twin , filled with relief that sutton was n't dead , brimming with gratitude that she finally had someone to call family ? 
 emma glanced out the window . 
 the backyard was empty . 
 a pool glistened , the solar lights on the path glowed . 
 then she covertly lifted the dust ruffle on charlotte 's bed with her foot and peeked underneath . 
 the only thing she saw was an old copy of vogue and a sports portrait of garrett , a soccer ball wedged under his arm . 
 she even looked in the bathroom again , thinking maybe sutton would pop out of the sauna , a big grin on her face . 
 but the only sutton in there was the many versions of her on the walls . 
 everyone agreed they were too tipsy to continue never have i ever . 
 charlotte refilled the bowl of pretzels and stuck the first season of the hills into the dvd player . 
 everyone settled in on the couches , in sleeping bags , or on charlotte 's bed . 
 it was like the power outage had had a sedative effect on everyone but her . 
 emma felt more awake and sober than she had before . 
 is sutton in the house ? 
 is she close ? 
 every tiny sound , every movement , emma glanced at the door , certain sutton was going to cartwheel into the room . 
 she was so convinced , i half expected it to happen myself . 
 one by one , the girls ' heads went limp and their eyes closed . 
 charlotte snuggled into her bed . 
 madeline snored softly on the trundle . 
 lilianna burrowed into a black sleeping bag , and gabriella climbed into a pink one . 
 laurel had curled up on the couch next to emma ; her fingers slowly and sleepily twitched . 
 emma watched the dvd until the last episode aired and the credits rolled . 
 she tried to close her eyes , but she was n't sleepy . 
 come out , come out , sutton . 
 what would her life be like once sutton returned ? 
 once again she pictured their first meeting . 
 your life is so crazy ! 
 emma might say to sutton . 
 surely after putting emma through so much turmoil , she 'd let emma stay with her for a while . 
 after all , if this was some sort of demented test , emma had passed with flying colors , had n't she ? 
 she envisioned the mercers ' slack-jawed expressions when they found out emma was telling the truth that first morning at breakfast . 
 perhaps they 'd let her sleep in a guest room . 
 set a place for her at the table . 
 was it too much to hope for ? 
 i did n't think it was . 
 not that it could ever come true . 
 emma 's mouth felt cottony from all the vodka . 
 she groped for her water glass , but she could n't find it . 
 she slid from the couch as quietly as she could and tiptoed out the door and down the stairs toward the kitchen . 
 the marble floors in the foyer felt like ice cubes on the soles of her feet . 
 an angular coat rack by the front door resembled a giant tarantula . 
 emma sucked in her breath and stepped toward a glowing light down the hall . 
 the digital clocks above the microwave and stove shone a stoic green . 
 a metal chandelier hung over the center island . 
 emma 's skin prickled in a mix of fear and excitement . 
 she cocked her head and listened for sounds of sutton sneaking up on her . 
 breathing . 
 giggling . 
 waiting . 
 but there was nothing . 
 emma grabbed a water glass from the cabinet and tried the faucet . 
 the water dribbled noisily into the sink . 
 just as she swallowed the last of the water and turned for the stairs again , she heard a creak . 
 she halted and peered around . 
 her heart thudded . 
 the clocks ticked from 2:06 to 2:07 in perfect synchronicity . 
 another creak rang out . 
 `` is someone there ? '' 
 emma whispered . 
 her vision blurred in the darkness . 
 and then , all of a sudden , there was a loud crashing sound . 
 pain shot through emma 's hip . 
 she started to turn , but someone pushed her harder against the island and pressed a hand over emma 's mouth . 
 the water glass slipped out of emma 's hand and clattered to the floor . 
 fear streaked through her , hot and messy . 
 `` mmm ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 the person did n't pull away . 
 a body pressed up against her , warm and close . 
 `` do n't you dare yell out , '' said a voice in her ear . 
 it was raspy and indecipherable , a mere whisper . 
 `` what were you thinking ? 
 i told you to play along . 
 i told you not to leave . '' 
 emma tried to whip around to see who it was , but the figure shoved her forward and pressed her cheek to the kitchen island . 
 `` sutton 's dead , '' the voice insisted . 
 `` keep being her until i tell you different . 
 and do n't try and skip town again or you 're next . '' 
 emma whimpered . 
 the hand squeezed her wrist so hard she thought her bones might break . 
 then something cold and metallic encircled her neck . 
 it grew tighter and tighter around her throat until emma 's windpipe began to collapse . 
 her eyes bulged . 
 she flailed her arms , but the wire just constricted her throat even more . 
 emma fought for breath , but she could n't inhale , could n't swallow . 
 as she thrashed up and down , her feet began to tingle . 
 i stared in horror . 
 my vision was clouded , just like emma 's ; all i could tell was that the strangler had broad shoulders . 
 i thought of the dark shadow hovering over me in the trunk from the memory i 'd just been given . 
 that voice sounded a lot like this one . 
 but then the stranglehold around emma 's neck loosened . 
 whoever it was pulled emma back up to standing . 
 bright spots danced in front of her eyes . 
 air rushed into her lungs . 
 she leaned over and coughed . 
 `` now keep your head down and count to one hundred , '' the strangler went on . 
 `` do n't look up until you 're done . 
 or else . '' 
 trembling , emma pressed her forehead to the island countertop and started to count . 
 `` one ... two ... '' footsteps rang out behind her . 
 i strained to see who it was , but the figure was a dark shadow . 
 `` ten ... eleven ... '' emma counted . 
 a door slammed . 
 emma cautiously raised her head . 
 the kitchen was as silent and unassuming as it had been five minutes ago . 
 she tiptoed to the front door and peered out , but the strangler was gone . 
 she bent over her knees for a moment , wheezing . 
 as she stood up again , something knocked heavily against her collarbone . 
 she cautiously groped her skin . 
 dangling from a chain around her throat was a round locket-sutton 's round locket . 
 the one she 'd looked for in sutton 's jewelry box but could n't find . 
 the one sutton had been wearing in the snuff film . 
 the chain fit perfectly in the red , freshly strangled indentations on emma 's neck . 
 emma 's world turned upside down all over again . 
 sutton really was dead . 
 there was no doubt about it now . 
 hot , wet tears dotted her eyes . 
 her shaky hand flew to her mouth and muffled a sob . 
 she did a full 180 , peering frantically into the kitchen doorway , the bookcase-filled study , the double staircase , the majestic front entrance . 
 her gaze locked on a shining , uninterrupted red beam above the doorway . 
 next to it was a security system keypad , a green light illuminated over the word armed . 
 emma tiptoed to the device . 
 she 'd lived briefly with a foster family in reno who had this same alarm system-they had a cabinet full of valuable antique wedgwood china , and yet they made four foster kids sleep in the same cramped bedroom-and emma 's foster brother had showed her how to use it . 
 she hit the down arrow , and a list of times when the alarm had been armed and disarmed appeared . 
 the last entry said armed , 8:12 pm . 
 it was from when mrs. chamberlain had shut the door after letting in emma and laurel . 
 there was no record that the power outage had disabled the alarm after that , though . 
 nor did the log indicate that mrs. chamberlain had had to rearm the alarm system after the power snapped back on . 
 there was also no record that someone had tripped it , which would 've happened if the strangler had gotten in through the doors or the windows . 
 so ... how had he gotten in ? 
 how had he gotten out ? 
 emma raised her head , a cold , slippery feeling passing through her . 
 maybe there was no need to get past the alarms . 
 maybe the strangler had been inside the house to start with . 
 she thought about the voice in her ear . 
 i told you to play along . 
 i told you not to leave . 
 and then she thought about the call with charlotte and laurel today . 
 are you at the greyhound station ? 
 laurel had asked . 
 could it be ? 
 i was pretty sure it could be . 
 i thought about the memory i 'd just had . 
 the broad-shouldered figure pulling me out of the trunk . 
 the shock of red hair when she stepped into the light . 
 whoever had strangled emma was indeed someone inside the house : one of my very best friends . 
 chapter 20 dear diary , today i died as soon as laurel pulled into the mercers ' driveway on saturday morning , emma shot out of the car , flung open the door , and started up the stairs . 
 she almost knocked over mrs. mercer , who was crossing the foyer with a pile of laundry in her arms . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 `` i just ... '' emma muttered , then trailed off . 
 she reached sutton 's bedroom , slammed the door shut , and locked it fast . 
 the first thing she saw was a large stack of pink envelopes sitting on sutton 's bed . 
 rsvp said the one on top . 
 emma stared at an unfamiliar girl 's name written in pink pen at the top of the card . 
 ca n't wait ! 
 the girl had added . 
 she turned it over . 
 sutton mercer 's birthday bash , friday sept 10 . 
 gift optional , fabulousness required . 
 there were at least fifty rsvp cards in the pile . 
 emma collapsed on the bed , jostling a few of the rsvp cards to the floor . 
 her head felt like it had been crushed in a vise . 
 every time she closed her eyes , she felt the strangler press up against her , that voice in her ear . 
 keep being sutton , or you 're next . 
 she 'd lain awake all night in charlotte 's bedroom , armed with the new information and petrified from the assault in the kitchen . 
 the home screen of the hills had played over and over . 
 someone had killed sutton-and it was one of her very best friends . 
 how could one of my best friends or my sister do such a thing ? 
 but then i thought about how nasty i 'd been to all of them that night at the hot springs . 
 what if i was like that all the time ? 
 what if , sometimes , i was worse ? 
 emma flopped down on the bed and stared at the pink paper lantern that hung by the window , trying to think things through . 
 the killer must have taken the video down from the site because she knew emma would show it to the cops immediately . 
 the killer also knew , obviously , that emma was n't sutton . 
 emma tried to piece together the timing of everything . 
 had sutton received the note from emma , written her back , and then coincidentally died that very night ? 
 had emma 's arrival been a surprise-but a good surprise-for the killer ? 
 after all , there was an insta-sutton in tucson again . 
 no missing girl meant no crazed search , no hunt for a dead body , no crime . 
 then emma 's eyes widened , hitting on an even scarier idea . 
 what if sutton had n't received emma 's note at all ? 
 what if the killer had been the one to lure emma to tucson , not sutton ? 
 one of sutton 's friends could have easily hacked into her facebook account . 
 she could have seen emma 's note and sent one back immediately , knowing she had a naive girl to manipulate and put in sutton 's place . 
 a tiny spider crawled along the upper corner of sutton 's bedroom , pulling behind it a thin , gossamer thread . 
 emma stood , rolled back her shoulders , and marched over to the filing cabinet under her sister 's desk . 
 the l game , it said . 
 aka the lying game . 
 she held the heavy padlock in her palm . 
 there had to be a way to unlock it . 
 pulling open sutton 's drawers , she searched once more for the missing key , feeling for secret compartments built into the back , looking in every single empty jewelry box and cd case , and even spilling a nearly full pack of camel lights onto the carpet . 
 tobacco flaked onto her hands . 
 `` get it open ! '' 
 i shouted to her uselessly . 
 screw feeling protective of my stuff . 
 i was dead , and we both needed to know why . 
 then something came to emma in a flash . 
 travis . 
 that youtube video he 'd watched about how to open a padlock with a beer can . 
 during the brief time they 'd been friendly , travis had made emma watch it , too . 
 it had n't looked hard . 
 she leapt up and found an empty diet coke can on sutton 's windowsill . 
 grabbing a pair of scissors , she drew out the design for the shim that would be used to break the lock and started to cut . 
 in moments , she 'd made an m-shaped shim , just like the criminal-in-training had made in the youtube video . 
 as soon as she wiggled the shim down the left shackle , the ball released and the lock snapped open . 
 emma could n't help but grin . 
 `` thanks , travis , '' she murmured . 
 she never thought she 'd say that . 
 the lock clunked to the floor . 
 the drawer made a grating screech as it opened . 
 emma peered inside . 
 sitting in the bottom was a thick spiral-bound notebook . 
 that was all . 
 emma pulled it out and held it in her lap . 
 there was nothing written on the front cover-no names or doodles , just a shiny piece of blue card stock . 
 the wire spirals were perfectly coiled and even , without a hint of bending or rust . 
 she turned to the first page . 
 there was sutton 's handwriting , round and neat and eerily similar to emma 's own . 
 january 10 , she 'd written . 
 emma sucked in her stomach . 
 did she really want to read her sister 's diary ? 
 when she lived in carson city , she 'd sneaked into a bedroom that belonged to daria , a pretty , mysterious older foster sister who paid no attention to her . 
 she 'd read every page of daria 's diary , which was mostly about boys and how she thought her legs and arms were too fat . 
 emma had also searched through the pockets of daria 's jeans . 
 she 'd stolen a pair of headphones out of daria 's room , purely because they were hers . 
 she 'd taken little things every time she went in after that : a rap cd , a black jelly bracelet , a department-store sample of chanel no. 5 . 
 after she 'd moved on to another home , emma felt ashamed about what she 'd done . 
 she 'd put all of daria 's pilfered things in a manila envelope , wrote daria 's name on the top , and sent them back to social services , vowing she 'd never do something like that again . 
 it 's nice that she was being all moral , but i just wanted her to read the damn diary . 
 sighing , as though she 'd actually heard my thoughts , emma looked down at the first page again and started to read . 
 each entry was short and sweet , more like quick twitter entries and scattered thoughts . 
 sometimes sutton wrote things like elizabeth and james clogs or b-day party on mount lemmon ? 
 sometimes she wrote exclamations like i hate history ! 
 or mom can kiss my ass ! 
 the entries that seemed like they might be about something deeper were even more baffling though . 
 c has been so bitchy lately , sutton had penned on february 10 . 
 she just needs to get over it . 
 on march 1 : i had an unexpected visitor after school today . 
 he 's such a cute little puppy dog , following me everywhere . 
 on march 9 : m outdid herself today . 
 sometimes i think c is right about her . 
 emma leafed through the pages , trying to extrapolate meaning from the entries . 
 there were a lot about l , who she could only assume was laurel . 
 l came downstairs this morning in an identical outfit to mine . 
 and , playing an awesome prank on l this afternoon . 
 maybe she 'll be sorry she wanted in so badly ! 
 and then on may 17 , l is still ruined over t. pull yourself together , bitch . 
 he 's just a guy . 
 emma 's gaze landed on an entry from august 20 , just a week and a half ago : if l brings up that night one more time , i 'm going to kill her . 
 what night ? 
 emma wanted to yell . 
 why was sutton so ridiculously vague ? 
 it was like she was keeping a journal for the cia . 
 i was just as frustrated as she was . 
 then a small construction-paper square fell out of the notebook and fluttered to the floor . 
 emma picked it up , gazed at the bold writing on the front , and gasped : the lying game membership card . 
 below that was sutton 's name , the title executive president and diva , and then a date in may more than five years ago . 
 on the other side of the card was a list of rules : 1 . 
 do n't tell anyone . 
 telling will be punishable by expulsion ! 
 2 . 
 only three people allowed in the club at one time . 
 -lrb- but someone had crossed out three and written four above it . -rrb- 
 3 . 
 every new prank must be better than the last . 
 those who outdo one another earn a special badge ! 
 4 . 
 if we 're really in trouble , if it 's not a prank , we will say the sacred code words : `` cross my heart , hope to die . '' 
 this means 9-1-1 ! 
 beneath that was a sub-list of pranks that were off-limits . 
 it mostly contained things like hurting animals or little children , damaging stuff that was irreplaceable or really expensive -lrb- charlotte 's dad 's porsche was the example -rrb- , or doing something that would have the government after them -lrb- someone had written a ha ! 
 after that -rrb- . 
 in different-colored blue ink at the very bottom , someone had added no more sexting , underlining it three times . 
 i stared at the membership card , too , my brain buzzing . 
 i had a flash of madeline , charlotte , and me cutting out the cards and presenting them to one another ceremoniously , like we were receiving oscar statuettes . 
 but then , just like that , the memory was yanked away . 
 emma read and reread the membership card several times over , feeling affirmed . 
 at least she had a clear picture of what the lying game was now : girl scouts for psychopaths . 
 she thought again about the snuff film . 
 perhaps it had started out as a prank , too . 
 but maybe one of sutton 's friends took it too far ... . 
 she placed the membership card aside and went back to the journal . 
 on the very next page , she noticed an entry from august 22 : sometimes i think all my friends hate me . 
 every last one . 
 nothing more , nothing less . 
 below it sutton had written down what looked like a jamba juice order : bananas , blueberries , splenda , wheatgrass detox shot . 
 okaaay , emma thought . 
 the next page was full of drawings of girls in dresses and skirts , titled `` ideal summer outfits . '' 
 sutton 's last entry was on august 29 , two days before travis showed emma the video . 
 i feel like someone is watching me , she 'd written in shaky , hurried handwriting . 
 and i think i know who it is . 
 emma read the entry again and again , feeling like someone had reached into her heart and squeezed . 
 i concentrated hard , but nothing came to me . 
 emma placed the journal on sutton 's desk next to her computer . 
 she moved the mouse on the sky blue pad , and the screen flickered to life . 
 she opened safari and clicked on facebook . 
 sutton 's page loaded automatically . 
 as emma scrolled through the posts and notes , patterns began to emerge . 
 in august , sutton had written , i see you on laurel 's wall . 
 in july , she 'd told madeline , you 're such a naughty spy . 
 she wrote charlotte a private message in june : you 're after me , are n't you ? 
 she 'd even written something similar on the twitter twins ' pages : will you two stop plotting against me ? 
 `` what 're you doing ? '' 
 emma jumped and whirled around . 
 laurel leaned against the doorway , iphone in her hand . 
 her blond hair was pulled up into a ponytail , and she 'd changed into a pink terry beach cover-up and black flip-flops . 
 ray-ban sunglasses obscured her eyes , but there was a broad smile on her face . 
 `` just checking email , '' emma said in the airiest voice she could muster . 
 the iphone in laurel 's hand bleeped , but she did n't look at the screen . 
 she kept her eyes fixed on emma , turning a silver ring around her finger . 
 then her gaze fell to the open padlock on the bed . 
 the journal in emma 's lap . 
 the lying game membership card on the desk . 
 emma 's heartbeat pulsed in her fingertips . 
 finally laurel shrugged . 
 `` i 'm going out to the pool if you want to join me . '' 
 she shut the door behind her as she left . 
 emma opened to a page in sutton 's journal again : sometimes i think my friends hate me . 
 every last one . 
 emma gritted her teeth . 
 emma had never known her father . 
 she 'd been abandoned by her mother . 
 and now her sister had been taken from her , too , before she 'd ever had the chance to meet her . 
 emma was n't even sure she would have liked sutton , but now she 'd never know . 
 and sutton 's friends-or sister-weren ' t going to get away with it . 
 not if she had anything to do with it . 
 she was going to find out what they did to sutton . 
 she 'd do whatever it took to prove they 'd hurt her sister . 
 she just had to get close enough to find out more . 
 she swiveled to the computer , clicked the mouse on sutton 's facebook status update window , and began to type : game on , bitches . 
 three responses to the status pinged onto the screen almost immediately . 
 the first comment was from charlotte : a game ? 
 do tell . 
 i 'm in ! 
 then madeline : me too ! 
 and laurel added : me three ! 
 it 's a secret , right ? 
 kind of , emma typed in answer . 
 except now the prank was on them . 
 and this time it was a matter of life and death . 
 chapter 21 unrequited spying `` so where do you want to go for dinner ? '' 
 garrett asked emma , guiding his jeep wrangler down a hill . 
 `` um , i do n't know . '' 
 emma bit her pinkie . 
 `` why do n't you pick somewhere ? '' 
 garrett looked shocked . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 a glassy , indecisive look swept across garrett 's face . 
 he reminded emma of the malfunctioning tickle me elmo doll she had inherited from an older girl her first year in foster care ; sometimes the elmo stared into space and did n't know what to do next . 
 `` but we always go somewhere you like , '' garrett said . 
 emma pressed her nails into her palm . 
 if only she could just tell him she could n't pick a damn restaurant because she did n't know any around here . 
 then she spotted a trader joe 's out the jeep window . 
 `` why do n't we buy some cheese and stuff and have a picnic on the mountain ? '' 
 `` great . '' 
 garrett swerved across three lanes of traffic to get to the grocery store parking lot . 
 it was saturday night just past 7 p.m. , and the sun hung on the horizon . 
 garrett had shown up at the mercers ' door a half hour earlier with a bouquet of flowers in his hands and a bouquet of different fragrances on his body-colognes , body sprays , hair gel , the works . 
 there was such a hopeful , eager expression on his face that emma could n't bring herself to call off the date , even though every cell in her body was dying to . 
 she did n't want to deal with garrett right now ; she wanted to be searching for sutton 's killer . 
 after standing in line behind an old lady who insisted on paying with a check , emma and garrett finally arrived at catalina state park , a shopping bag full of sparkling cider , black olives , crackers , grapes , trail mix , fancy australian licorice , and a wedge of brie swinging from the crook of garrett 's elbow . 
 the air was cool and crisp and smelled like sunscreen . 
 other hikers bounded up the path . 
 after another few twists and switchbacks , they reached the vista and settled on a big boulder . 
 emma could see all the way down the mountain . 
 garrett 's car looked like a toy from up here . 
 `` it 's so nice out tonight , '' garrett murmured , running his hand through his blond hair . 
 he removed his long-sleeved shirt and spread it on the ground as a picnic blanket . 
 his tanned biceps bulged . 
 he twisted the cider bottle open with a satisfying psst . 
 `` uh-huh , '' emma replied . 
 she stared blankly ahead . 
 there were tumbleweeds in her mind where conversation topics should have been . 
 what did garrett and sutton used to talk about ? 
 did they have inside jokes ? 
 what brought them together ? 
 if only sutton 's journal had been normal , emma might 've actually learned something useful like this . 
 sighing , she pulled the crackers , olives , trail mix , and licorice out of the bag . 
 she absentmindedly placed a cracker on the napkin and added two olives for eyes , a trail-mix peanut for a nose , and a piece of licorice for a smile . 
 thinking of ethan , she poked garrett . 
 `` like my new friend ? '' 
 garrett glanced at it for a moment and nodded . 
 `` cute . '' 
 `` you want to make a face , too ? '' 
 garrett shrugged . 
 `` i can hardly draw a circle in art class . '' 
 emma popped one of the olive eyes into her mouth . 
 so much for common ground . 
 but i was kind of glad she did n't like garrett . 
 i could n't remember exactly why i loved him . 
 i could n't recall what it was that made me think of him as damaged , i just knew that i did . 
 and even in death , i wanted him all to myself . 
 emma sat back and stared at the horizon , absently touching the scratches on her throat from last night . 
 tiny red marks lacerated her skin . 
 her windpipe still ached from the pull of the necklace . 
 she 'd taken a bunch of advils and covered up the scrapes with the dior foundation she 'd found in sutton 's bathroom , hoping garrett would n't notice anything amiss . 
 she could still feel the assailant 's hot , stale breath on her neck . 
 she shut her eyes and winced . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 garrett asked . 
 emma nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm just tired . '' 
 `` fun sleepover last night ? '' 
 emma paused . 
 `` actually , sleepover is inaccurate . 
 i did n't get any . '' 
 `` is that a good thing or a bad thing ? '' 
 emma fiddled with sutton 's locket , saying nothing . 
 it still felt foreign around her neck . 
 `` c'mon . '' 
 garrett poked her side . 
 `` you can tell me what happens at your crazy sleepovers . 
 i wish you told me more . '' 
 emma reached for another cracker , suddenly getting an idea . 
 actually , garrett might be useful to this investigation after all . 
 `` well , i 'm not sure ` fun ' is the word i 'd use , '' she said slowly . 
 `` more like ... intense . 
 sometimes i think my friends hate me . 
 i think they 'd stab me in the back if they could . '' 
 it felt weird to recite the words she 'd found in sutton 's journal . 
 a couple of college kids smelling strongly of pot emerged from behind the curve . 
 the air shifted and suddenly reeked of smelly armpit . 
 garrett bit down on a grape ; some of the juice dribbled down his chin . 
 `` are you talking about that night ? '' 
 emma jolted up . 
 `` what night ? '' 
 garrett slowly chewed a cracker . 
 `` the night you wo n't tell me about ? '' 
 emma 's eyes widened . 
 what did he mean ? 
 `` or do you mean charlotte ? '' 
 garrett asked when emma did n't answer . 
 emma lowered her eyes . 
 charlotte ? 
 `` um , yeah , '' she said , hoping this led somewhere . 
 `` i just do n't know what her problem is . '' 
 garrett pressed the edge of his sneaker into a scrubby patch of desert grass . 
 `` you 're going to have to give her some time , sutton . 
 try to see it from her perspective . 
 i dumped her ... to go out with you . 
 a lot of girls would have a tough time with that . '' 
 emma pushed another piece of brie into her mouth to hide her shock . 
 charlotte and garrett ... dated ? 
 she certainly had n't learned anything like that from sutton 's journal . 
 but it made sense . 
 it explained the death stare charlotte had given emma last night when boyfriend-stealing came up in never have i ever . 
 there was that picture of garrett 's nak * d torso hanging outside the shower in charlotte 's bathroom , too . 
 and the picture of him that had been abandoned under her bed . 
 `` she 's clearly not over it , '' emma agreed . 
 `` actually , i do n't think she 's over you . '' 
 garrett sighed and wrapped his arms around his knees . 
 `` i wish it never happened . 
 i thought she understood my position . 
 we were friends , and when we tried being more , there was n't any romance . 
 i did n't think she felt a spark either . '' 
 he broke off a piece of cracker and held it in his palm . 
 `` she 's actually called me a couple of times . 
 sometimes she just hangs up . '' 
 emma sat up straighter . 
 `` like ... prank calls ? '' 
 garrett frowned . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 she just does n't know what to say . 
 i feel bad for her . 
 i mean , she 's so tough , but it 's got to be hard on her . 
 and i still see her all the time with you . 
 i want her to be my friend-i want all of us to be friends . 
 besides , charlotte was there for me during everything that happened with louisa . '' 
 his voice cracked on louisa . 
 a pained look crossed his face . 
 `` we share a lot of history together . '' 
 the words rushed over emma . 
 she felt dazed as she tried to process all garrett had said . 
 then he grabbed her hand . 
 `` i do n't want it to be anything more than that with her though . 
 i 'm with you now . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 he moved a little closer to her and draped his arm around emma 's shoulders . 
 `` that reminds me though ... of what we talked about this summer . 
 our ... plans ? '' 
 emma searched his way-too-close face , trying hard not to pull away . 
 garrett looked so serious all of a sudden . 
 `` uh-huh , '' she lied , hoping he 'd elaborate . 
 `` well , i was thinking of making that happen for your birthday . '' 
 he shot her a bashful smile as he traced a squiggle on her arm . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 `` um , sure , '' she said . 
 garrett snuggled toward her and leaned his face close to hers . 
 emma braced herself as he touched his lips to hers , but he tasted like sweet grapes and fizzy cider , and his lips felt warm and soft . 
 she relaxed a tiny bit into the kiss . 
 a twig snapped close by . 
 emma pulled back and sat up straight , instantly on edge . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 there was another snapping sound . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 garrett frowned and looked around , too . 
 someone emerged from a dirt path off the main trail . 
 it was a girl with pale skin and bright red hair . 
 emma drew in a breath . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 charlotte stopped short and pulled a pair of ipod earbuds from her ears . 
 her gaze darted from garrett to emma , then to their entwined hands . 
 what was charlotte doing up here ? 
 had she been watching ? 
 garrett tugged nervously at the collar of his shirt . 
 `` uh , hi , char . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 charlotte fiddled with a rope bracelet around her wrist . 
 `` oh , just getting a hike in . '' 
 `` cool , '' garrett said . 
 `` nice night for it , '' emma added stupidly . 
 a hawk screamed ominously from a nearby ledge . 
 when charlotte raised her head again , her expression was placid . 
 her mouth no longer trembled . 
 `` anyway , '' she said . 
 `` see you lovebirds later . '' 
 `` l-later , '' emma stammered . 
 charlotte slipped the earbuds back in . 
 garrett waved weakly . 
 emma did , too . 
 just as charlotte made the turn , darkness crept over her face . 
 she glanced over her shoulder , and met emma 's gaze . 
 all at once , emma felt the hands at her neck and heard the raspy voice from last night in her ear . 
 sutton 's dead . 
 could it have been charlotte ? 
 i recalled the broad-shouldered shape standing over me in the trunk and wondered the same thing . 
 could it have been charlotte staring angrily , finally getting her revenge ? 
 then charlotte whipped her head around , red ponytail bouncing . 
 she shook her h * ps to the song on her ipod . 
 as she rounded the next rock , her footsteps did n't make a sound , almost like she 'd never been there at all . 
 chapter 22 dirty secrets on tuesday afternoon , when mr. garrison the gym teacher dispatched the class to either take a walk or play floor hockey-bleh-emma strode along the hedged-in path past the tennis courts toward the empty running track . 
 the afternoon was breezy but warm , smelling faintly of ground coffee beans from the cafeteria 's espresso bar . 
 bits of dried grass turned tumbleweeds blew across the eight yellow-outlined lanes and nestled in the long jump pit . 
 red-and-white-striped hurdles were stacked neatly in the middle of the field , and an abandoned gray sweatshirt lay next to them , along with a half-drained bottle of gatorade . 
 the only sounds were the crows cawing in the far-off trees . 
 emma pulled out sutton 's iphone and composed a text to madeline : spa after tennis practice ? 
 she hit send . 
 emma had been dying to talk to madeline alone ever since her strange encounter with charlotte on the trail on saturday , but madeline had been at a ballet workshop in phoenix all weekend . 
 and emma had just found out that charlotte had a doctor 's appointment after tennis - `` the gynecologist , '' charlotte had covertly whispered to emma at lunch , giving her a loaded look-which meant emma and madeline could have some time alone . 
 she desperately needed to find out charlotte 's state of mind . 
 this weekend , she 'd pored over sutton 's journals , searching for clues about just how angry charlotte was . 
 but there was only the entry that said , c has been so bitchy lately . 
 she just needs to get over it . 
 and , of course , sometimes i think all my friends hate me . 
 every last one . 
 was that enough ? 
 perhaps charlotte had been furious at sutton for stealing garrett away ... angry enough to strangle her . 
 angry enough to kill her . 
 it would 've been easy for her to sneak downstairs in her own house , too , strangle emma in the same way , and slip back upstairs unnoticed . 
 maybe there was a secret staircase in that crazy-big house . 
 emma 's theory terrified me . 
 how many times had i picked on charlotte like i had at the hot springs ? 
 how many times did i put her down ? 
 had stealing garrett made her snap ... or had it been something else ? 
 `` sutton , '' a voice called . 
 emma turned to see a figure looming between the hedges . 
 whoever was there was backlit by the sun , and at first emma could n't quite make out who it was . 
 all kinds of things flashed through her mind in an instant . 
 her gut knotted with nerves . 
 then ethan stepped into the light . 
 emma 's muscles relaxed . 
 `` hey , '' emma said gratefully . 
 ethan walked out to the track and fell into step with her . 
 `` i did n't know you had gym right now . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' ethan said . 
 `` i 'm supposed to be in calculus . 
 but i 'm so lost about functions it 's not even worth it to go . '' 
 their footsteps were nearly silent on the spongy all-weather track . 
 the odor of bus exhaust wafted from the front of the school . 
 a hummingbird darted to a tube-shaped feeder one of the groundskeepers had hung near the field house , its wings flapping lightning fast . 
 `` so did you do it ? '' 
 ethan asked after they 'd made a lap . 
 `` did you have a big no-more-pranks intervention with your friends ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 emma attempted a laugh . 
 `` i 'm still working on it . '' 
 `` still think they 're evil ? '' 
 `` kinda . '' 
 more than you know , emma wanted to say . 
 then her gaze fell to handwriting on ethan 's arm : how frail the human heart must be-a mirrored pool of thought . 
 she recognized it instantly . 
 `` you like sylvia plath ? '' 
 a bloom of red appeared on ethan 's cheeks . 
 `` you caught me . 
 i read depressing girls ' poetry . '' 
 `` it 's better than writing depressing girls ' poetry . '' 
 emma laughed . 
 `` i have a whole notebook full of it . '' 
 a notebook that was stuffed into the pocket of a missing duffel bag . 
 emma felt a longing pang . 
 she 'd probably never see it again . 
 `` have you read the bell jar ? '' 
 she asked ethan . 
 he nodded . 
 `` loved it . '' 
 `` i read it three times this summer , '' emma said excitedly . 
 `` sutton mercer read the bell jar ? '' 
 ethan shot her a quick surprised look . 
 `` and has a notebook full of depressing poetry ? 
 you 're a complex creature . '' 
 mr. garrison blew the whistle , signaling for emma 's class to return to the gym . 
 emma turned back to the hedge-lined path . 
 `` see ya . '' 
 she smiled at ethan , heat rising in her cheeks . 
 she whirled around and crunched back to the gym door , a smile on her face . 
 beep . 
 it was the iphone . 
 emma pulled it out and checked the text . 
 i 'd love a spa nite , madeline wrote back . 
 la paloma at 7 ? 
 sounds great , emma texted back . 
 maybe she 'd finally start getting some answers . 
 `` miss vega and miss mercer ? '' 
 a freshly scrubbed , freckled woman in a lab coat stood at the door of the la paloma waiting area . 
 `` your room is ready . '' 
 `` sweet . '' 
 madeline minimized the gossip site she and emma had been perusing on her iphone . 
 they 'd been playing `` punch-drunk '' - the object was to punch one another first whenever they saw a picture of a drunk-looking celebrity . 
 double punches if the celebrity had a boob hanging out . 
 the aesthetician , whose name tag said sofia , opened a glass door and let the girls pass into a long , narrow hall . 
 a male spa worker walked toward them , giving madeline and emma an appreciative once-over . 
 madeline met his gaze and giggled . 
 as he passed , she quickly slapped his butt . 
 the guy swiveled around , but madeline sauntered on , her long hair swishing . 
 sofia opened yet another glass door and revealed a large porcelain tub . 
 a soft yellow haze shone down from recessed lights in the ceiling . 
 rain forest noises played softly through the speakers . 
 `` i 'll let you get settled , '' sofia trilled , shutting the door . 
 madeline instantly dropped her robe to the floor , adjusted the ties of her black string bikini , and climbed the mini plastic stairs to enter the tub . 
 `` coming in ? '' 
 she called to emma over her shoulder . 
 emma undid the belt of her robe and carefully stepped into the tub . 
 the mud was thick and grainy . 
 it was like sitting in a big bowl of oatmeal . 
 madeline rested her head , a blissed-out expression on her face . 
 sofia appeared again and placed cucumber slices over the girls ' eyes . 
 `` enjoy , '' she lilted , turning down the lights , turning up the rain forest music , and shutting the door . 
 the mud tub burbled . 
 emma tried to enjoy the moment . 
 the cucumber slices smelled fresh next to her nose , but the jungle music blared through the speakers so loudly that it was hard to relax . 
 the sound of heavy rain morphed into tribal drums , followed by a buzzing insect . 
 birds tweeted and cawed . 
 an african flute tooted . 
 when a monkey let out a loud screech , emma started to giggle . 
 she heard a snort from across the tub and pulled the cucumbers from her eyes . 
 madeline 's lips were pressed tightly together , as if she were trying very hard not to laugh , which only made emma 's shoulders shake harder . 
 then two monkeys started hooting together . 
 emma burst out laughing , and madeline did , too . 
 emma covered her mouth , smearing mud all over her face . 
 a cucumber fell from one of madeline 's eyes and plopped into the murky liquid . 
 `` dude , '' madeline said between giggles . 
 `` i think the monkeys are doing it . '' 
 `` it 's definitely monkey mating calls , '' emma agreed , flicking a glop of mud at madeline . 
 they settled back into the mud , every once in a while letting out another giggle or snort . 
 then madeline took a long sip from the glass of lemon water near her head and sighed . 
 `` so what 's been with you this past week ? 
 you 've seemed kind of ... sedate . 
 like someone upped your meds . '' 
 at least someone noticed there was something different about me . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' emma answered . 
 `` just tired . 
 school always makes me want to hibernate . '' 
 `` well , wake up , baby bear . '' 
 madeline pointed at her mock-accusingly . 
 `` your public will be very disappointed in you if you 're not a rock star for your birthday . 
 and by your public , i mean me . '' 
 `` i 'll try not to disappoint , '' emma giggled . 
 steam billowed into their faces , smelling vaguely sulfuric . 
 someone 's shadowy head passed by the frosted-glass doors . 
 then emma took a deep breath . 
 here goes . 
 `` if anyone 's been acting like they 've had a med change , it 's charlotte . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 madeline shook a stray piece of hair from her eyes . 
 `` she 's been no weirder than usual . '' 
 emma 's hip started to itch , but she did n't want to reach into the mud to scratch it . 
 `` do you know where she was the night before nisha 's party ? '' 
 madeline shrugged . 
 `` do you honestly expect me to remember something that happened over a week ago ? 
 my brain 's too fried from a week of school . '' 
 but emma noticed that she would n't make eye contact with her . 
 she fiddled nervously with a bracelet around her wrist . 
 `` char and i had plans that night , and she ditched me , '' emma lied , thinking quickly . 
 `` sometimes i think she 's really pissed at me . 
 she keeps making these little remarks to me about garrett . 
 i think i caught her spying on us on saturday . '' 
 and perhaps plotting to kill me , too , she silently added . 
 just like she killed sutton . 
 a muscle next to madeline 's right eye twitched . 
 steam swirled around her face . 
 `` i do n't think she 's pissed at you . 
 she 's probably just worried about garrett . '' 
 `` worried ? 
 why ? '' 
 the mud sloshed as madeline shifted positions . 
 `` come on , sutton . 
 you 're not exactly gentle on guys . 
 you kind of destroy every boy you touch . '' 
 `` no i do n't . '' 
 emma 's voice cracked . 
 but madeline 's words shook me . 
 i wanted madeline to be wrong , only ... maybe she was n't . 
 i did n't know what to believe about myself anymore . 
 madeline sniffed indignantly . 
 `` look at all those guys last year . 
 you practically forced brandon crawford to break up with sienna at homecoming , and then you did n't return his calls . 
 you acted like you were dying to go out with owen haas , and then you treated him like crap . 
 look at thayer , '' she added . 
 thayer ? 
 was sutton why he left ? 
 i racked my brain to remember , to feel something . 
 nothing surfaced . 
 madeline met emma 's gaze without blinking . 
 the room suddenly felt very small and close . 
 emma lowered her eyes and stared at the four slices of cucumbers floating on the surface of the mud . 
 suddenly madeline climbed out of the tub . 
 brown goop dripped from her stomach and legs . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 emma said , half rising . 
 `` i totally forgot . '' 
 madeline pressed a towel to her head . 
 `` i was supposed to be at my dad 's house right now . 
 can laurel pick you up ? '' 
 she turned her body away from emma as she spoke . 
 there were thick brown smudges on the towel from where she 'd dried her arms . 
 `` wait , mads-what 's going on ? '' 
 emma groped through the mud toward the stairs . 
 it was just like the anxiety dream she sometimes had where she kept trying to run , only to realize the road was a backward-moving sidewalk . 
 madeline had already stuffed her arms through the bathrobe sleeves . 
 `` i 'll talk to you in school tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 she mumbled in a rush and slipped into the hall , leaving muddy footprints all over the tiled floor . 
 the door whooshed shut again . 
 the only sounds in the room were the occasional burps from the mud tub ; even the rainforest music had stopped . 
 emma climbed out of the tub and pressed a towel to her face . 
 what the hell just happened ? 
 and what had sutton done to thayer ? 
 just as she was grabbing a second towel from the table , something on the floor caught her eye . 
 it was an iphone . 
 she turned it over and inspected the back . 
 there was a glittery sticker of a girl with devil horns doing a pirouette . 
 swan lake mafia . 
 madeline 's iphone . 
 emma glanced at madeline 's muddy footprints , then at the door , then back at the phone again . 
 she rinsed her hands at the sink on the counter and took a deep breath . 
 should she do this ? 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i yelled at her as loudly as i could . 
 emma slid the bar on the iphone screen to unlock it . 
 with shaking hands , she pressed on the little thought bubble icon to open madeline 's texts . 
 first on the list was one she 'd written herself , inviting madeline to the spa today . 
 there were a bunch of texts about the prank on nisha : laurel writing to say she 'd found the perfect actress to play the cop , charlotte asking madeline if she could pick up fake blood at the halloween store in the mall . 
 emma scrolled backward through earlier messages . 
 there were a few texts discussing travel plans to nisha 's party the week before , though nothing about a fake kidnapping . 
 footsteps sounded on the other side of the door , and emma froze . 
 whoever it was whistled softly as he passed . 
 emma gripped the phone hard . 
 next she tapped the screen to view madeline 's photos . 
 a shot of an electric guitar popped up . 
 emma pulled the screen to the left . 
 there was a photo of two ballet dancers on a stage , one of them madeline . 
 a shot of the jewelry display case at anthropologie . 
 a picture of madeline and sutton on chaise longues . 
 she flipped through more and more photos : a self-portrait of madeline in a full-length mirror . 
 a shot of sutton , madeline , and charlotte by some kind of outdoor hot tub . 
 sutton and madeline wore skimpy bikinis , but charlotte wore a terry-cloth cover-up . 
 i leaned in closer , recognizing it immediately . 
 my body flickered before me , as if it was shuddering . 
 this was the photo i 'd taken of everyone at the hot springs . 
 my words clanged in my ears . 
 picture time ! 
 and when laurel whined that she was n't in the photo , i 'd smirked and said i planned it that way . 
 emma kept eyeing the door , her fingers trembling . 
 she flipped to the next photo . 
 it was a shot of the same dark location , showing sutton running after laurel down a dark path . 
 laurel ! 
 i 'd called out . 
 i 'll buy you a new necklace , okay ? 
 just seconds later , that knife had pressed to my throat . 
 when the next photo appeared on the screen , emma frowned . 
 it was a close-up of laurel sitting on a big red rock , the sun rising behind her . 
 a round pendant on a silver chain hung around her neck . 
 with shaking hands , emma pulled the chain around her throat and examined the locket . 
 it looked exactly the same as the one in the picture . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma and i whispered at the same time . 
 emma wondered what laurel was doing wearing sutton 's locket-the locket someone had strangled her with . 
 could it be ... ? 
 it could . 
 after all , i 'd thrown hers deep into the woods . 
 the only thing that did n't make sense now was , well , why ? 
 why would my own sister want to kill me ? 
 i obviously had n't been the best sister in life-but how bad could i have been ? 
 the doorknob jiggled . 
 emma dropped the iphone . 
 it landed in a heap of towels just as madeline flung open the door . 
 she 'd changed into her skinny jeans , slumpy striped tunic , and wide belt . 
 `` i was just looking for ... oh . '' 
 her gaze dropped to her iphone on the floor . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 emma tried to smile , even though her insides were screaming . 
 `` i just noticed that , too . 
 i was going to come after you . '' 
 madeline scooped up the phone and stuck it in her pocket . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she stared at emma . 
 emma held her breath . 
 but then madeline whipped around and opened the door . 
 `` see you in school tomorrow . '' 
 she waltzed through the door again , her long hair swinging . 
 emma leaned against the side of the tub and rolled sutton 's round locket between her fingers . 
 i felt more dazed than ever before . 
 whatever was going on here was just like a mud bath . 
 the deeper my sister plunged , the darker and dirtier it got . 
 chapter 23 someone was a very , very bad girl ... `` so you see , medea had to kill her children , '' mrs. frost explained to the class on wednesday . 
 she paced around the room like she was some big-time defense lawyer pleading for an innocent victim 's life . 
 `` it was the only way medea could get back at her husband , jason , for his betrayal . '' 
 everyone in the class scribbled notes . 
 suddenly emma felt a buzz inside her bag . 
 she inched her fingers into the purse until she felt the iphone 's smooth sides . 
 anything would be a welcome distraction from mrs. frost 's obsessive retelling of medea . 
 something about the forcefulness of the english teacher 's literary interpretations made emma wonder if mrs. frost had had a less than faithful husband . 
 `` miss mercer ? '' 
 a voice snapped . 
 emma looked up and saw mrs. frost standing right over her desk . 
 she waved her tattered copy at emma . 
 `` drop the phone right now , or i take it for the rest of the year . '' 
 emma raised both empty palms in the air . 
 `` i surrender . '' 
 everyone giggled . 
 fortunately the bell rang right then , and english was the last class of the day . 
 emma fled into the hall , checking the iphone screen for who had called . 
 even after all this time , even knowing what she knew , she still carried around a tiny seedling of hope that the incoming message might be from sutton . 
 but it was just an email from sutton 's mom . 
 final birthday party menu was the subject . 
 emma scanned the list of crudites , appetizers , and desserts . 
 looks fine , she began to write back , but then she noticed carrot cake cupcakes on the list . 
 carrot cake had always grossed her out-the raisins in the cake mix made her think of gerbil poop . 
 make them red velvet instead , she tapped on the screen . 
 the halls swarmed with students emptying out their lockers and kids in sports uniforms rushing to games . 
 a knot of girls emma did n't recognize stood in the corner near the trophy case , whispering . 
 emma glanced quickly around the hall , her heart jumping whenever she saw blond hair that looked like laurel 's or a willowy frame like madeline 's . 
 she 'd avoided sutton 's friends and her sister all day , claiming she had a photography project to work on at lunch - `` photoshopping unibrows on yearbook portraits again , sutton ? '' 
 charlotte had joked-and ignoring their snarky texts and ims . 
 the idea of facing them right now made her skin itch . 
 why would laurel have been wearing sutton 's locket ? 
 and how come madeline had taken that picture ? 
 was it like some kind of trophy ? 
 emma ducked into the girls ' bathroom to splash some water on her face . 
 just as she reached for a paper towel , a hand touched her shoulder . 
 emma yelped and turned around . 
 `` god . '' 
 nisha stood next to her at the sink , shielding her face with her hand . 
 `` jumpy much ? '' 
 emma turned back and shakily twisted on the tap . 
 `` oh . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 nisha raised a piece of hair behind her ear . 
 `` did you forget already ? '' 
 `` forget what ? '' 
 nisha placed her hands on her hips . 
 she stared at emma with disdain . 
 `` decorating the lockers ? 
 the thing all captains do at the start of every year ? '' 
 emma blinked . 
 how was she supposed to know that ? 
 `` uch . '' 
 nisha made a frustrated noise at the back of her throat . 
 `` you know , some of us ca n't do all of the work by ourselves . 
 some of us have college applications to fill out . '' 
 emma shot up . 
 whoa . 
 `` i want to go to college , '' she said indignantly . 
 `` i want to go to usc . '' 
 nisha paused for a moment , as if waiting for the punch line . 
 then she burst out laughing . 
 `` that 's the funniest thing i 've heard all day . '' 
 she shoved open the bathroom door and started down the hall toward the sports locker room . 
 emma followed . 
 nisha walked briskly . 
 her ponytail swished back and forth , and her hands were clenched into tight fists . 
 they darted down the stairs and whizzed past jason and kendra , the pimply couple who were always making out in the little alcove under the risers . 
 as they passed , emma noticed that jason 's hand had disappeared up kendra 's shirt . 
 nisha strode into the sports locker room , marching past the girls changing into swimsuits , fencing uniforms , and cheerleading skirts and heading straight into a small private office . 
 stacks of construction paper , crayola markers , brightly colored sand , and stickers occupied most of a wide , dented table . 
 a pot of red glitter had tipped over , spilling tiny sparkly shards all over the floor . 
 it made emma think of fairy blood . 
 twenty-five individual name tags , one for each girl on the tennis team , had been laid out in the middle of the table . 
 brooklyn killoran 's name was in pink bubble letters and surrounded by shooting-star stickers . 
 a black piece of construction paper displayed isabella mcsweeny 's name in glow-in-the-dark paint . 
 nisha had drawn flowers sprouting out of each of the letters in laurel 's name and a loopy scribble around the border . 
 and then emma noticed sutton 's tag , her name written in plain font on a white square . 
 there was no glitter or puff paint or stickers that said you go , girl or ace ! 
 it could 've been a name tag on a jail cell . 
 `` i 'm basically done . '' 
 nisha picked up the name tag closest to her , one for a girl named amanda pfeiffer . 
 `` but you can help hang these on the lockers , if you think you can handle that . '' 
 `` when did you make them ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 `` over the weekend . '' 
 nisha flicked a piece of glitter off her wrist . 
 `` why did n't you ask me to help ? '' 
 nisha stared at emma for a moment , and then let out a shrill witch laugh . 
 `` as if i would ask you to help me with anything . '' 
 she yanked a name tag off the table , sending a few crayons to the floor . 
 as nisha walked down the tennis aisle , emma noticed that tiny specks of red fake blood from last week 's prank still covered the walls , lockers , and floor . 
 nisha stood squarely on top of one patch as she pinned her own name tag-drawn out of interlocking tennis rackets-on her locker door . 
 emma bit her lip . 
 `` i 'm sorry about what we did last week . '' 
 nisha moved calmly to the next locker and hung up bethany howard 's name tag . 
 `` whatever , '' she said airily . 
 `` you did n't deserve it , '' emma went on . 
 she wanted to add that perhaps she did n't deserve nisha sticking her with a child-sized tennis uniform last week , but maybe that was pushing it . 
 nisha ripped off a new piece of masking tape , then whipped around to face emma again . 
 her eyes were wild . 
 `` your stupid fake blood ruined my favorite tennis fleece . '' 
 she pointed hard at emma 's chest . 
 `` it was my mom 's fleece . 
 i had to throw it away because of you . '' 
 emma took a step away , flattening someone 's mouth guard with her shoe . 
 but as nisha stood there , seething , emma realized there was n't just anger in her voice . 
 there was pain . 
 with her shoulders hunched and her mouth puckered , nisha looked small and young . 
 emma wondered how nisha 's mom had died . 
 it was the kind of question old emma would have asked . 
 so many foster kids had lost parents . 
 and even though she could never be sure what had become of becky , sometimes emma felt as though she was one of those kids . 
 sometimes , although it made her feel guilty to admit it even to herself , she wished becky had died , because that would have meant she had n't chosen to leave emma . 
 i felt my own guilty pang , for all that i obviously had in my life but seemed to have taken for granted . 
 there had been loss all around , but death had n't seemed like something that could touch a girl like me . 
 how wrong i was . 
 sighing , emma picked up sutton 's drab name tag and taped it to her outer locker door . 
 it looked pathetic next to the other bright , cheery name tags on either side . 
 after a moment , she pulled the handle and looked at the contents of sutton 's tennis locker again . 
 the shiny varsity jacket hung from a hook . 
 an empty bottle of propel water lay crumpled at the bottom . 
 there was a balled-up pair of gym socks on the upper shelf , crusted over with sweat . 
 emma wished she could tell nisha she 'd lost her mom , too . 
 nisha ripped off more tape and silently hung up more signs . 
 emma went to shut the locker , but then she paused . 
 something bulged in the front pocket of the varsity jacket . 
 after a moment , she reached in and pulled out a large folded paper napkin . 
 on the inside was a note written in sloppy , boyish handwriting : hi laurel ! 
 and then there was a drawing of a smiley face with googly drunk eyes and a lolling tongue holding a frothy mug of beer . 
 it was signed thayer . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 emma whirled around . 
 nisha stood right beside her , her altoid breath icy on emma 's neck . 
 emma moved to fold up the napkin before nisha could see it , but nisha 's eyes had already narrowed , reading the words . 
 `` so you steal your sister 's mail , too ? '' 
 emma blinked hard . 
 `` i ... '' nisha shook her finger at emma . 
 `` i heard laurel was ready to kill you for what you did . '' 
 `` kill me ? '' 
 emma repeated . 
 she thought of the picture of laurel wearing sutton 's necklace on madeline 's iphone . 
 nisha watched her carefully . 
 a tiny sparkle stuck to her cheek glinted in the overhead light . 
 `` do n't play dumb , sutton . 
 you knew laurel had a thing for him . '' 
 emma blinked . 
 but before she could say anything more , nisha spun on her heel and walked back to the office , leaving a trail of red glitter in her wake . 
 and leaving emma and me reeling , desperate to know more . 
 chapter 24 does n't every girl think her sister wants to kill her ? 
 on thursday , after yet another terrible tennis practice , emma sat on sutton 's bed with a notebook and pencil on her lap . 
 top story , she wrote . 
 sister tries to track down twin 's murderer . 
 too intense for words . 
 she dropped the pencil on the mattress and shut her eyes . 
 she 'd hoped writing this out like a news headline might put it in perspective , make it seem more normal . 
 nothing about this was normal though . 
 instead she wrote another list about sutton 's friends and the potential motives each of them had to kill her . 
 she 'd probably composed ten versions of the same list so far , scrawled on notebooks , crumpled in trash cans , written in shorthand on sutton 's iphone , which was somehow the most ironic of all . 
 the problem was , every single member of the lying game had motives-charlotte because sutton had stolen garrett . 
 laurel because sutton ... well , she 'd done something to thayer . 
 had that same something pissed off madeline , too ? 
 emma 's old cell phone bleeped from its hiding spot under the bed . 
 she set the notebook aside and reached down to retrieve it . 
 after using a new iphone , her blackberry struck her as old and banged-up . 
 it was like seeing a stray mutt on the street after spending time only with shiny show dogs . 
 alex had sent her a text : everything okay in sister land ? 
 sure , emma replied . 
 she did n't even itch from lying anymore . 
 she and alex had texted a few more times during the week , and emma had n't revealed a single thing about what was really happening . 
 as far as alex knew , emma was staying with the mercers while she and sutton got to know each other , just like a fairy tale . 
 a note pinged back into emma 's inbox immediately : what about the stuff you stashed in the storage locker ? 
 you going to get it , or do you want me to ship it to you ? 
 emma flopped back on the bed and scrunched up her face . 
 she had no idea what to do with that stuff in the locker-especially the money . 
 can leave it there for now , she wrote back . 
 just then , the bedroom door slowly opened . 
 emma wheeled back on the bed , shoving the blackberry under a pillow . 
 laurel appeared in the doorway . 
 mrs. mercer stood behind her , a laundry basket in her arms . 
 `` whatcha doin ' ? '' 
 laurel asked , walking into the room . 
 heat rose to emma 's cheeks . 
 `` have you ever heard of knocking ? '' 
 laurel 's face fell . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` be nice , sutton , '' mrs. mercer scolded . 
 she marched over to sutton 's chest of drawers and dropped a stack of clothes next to the tv . 
 among them was emma 's striped dress . 
 emma wanted to thank her-she had n't had anyone wash clothes for her in years-but she had a feeling this was probably something mrs. mercer did for sutton all the time . 
 laurel remained after mrs. mercer padded out of the room . 
 emma smoothed her hair behind her ears . 
 adrenaline coursed through her veins , and her hands began to tremble . 
 all she could think of was that picture of laurel wearing sutton 's necklace . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i wanted to know if you were ready to get mani-pedis at mr. pinky . '' 
 laurel clasped her hands at her waist . 
 `` if you still want to go , that is . '' 
 emma gazed blankly at the white-and-pink egg chair in the corner . 
 it was still covered with the bikinis and socks sutton had left there before she died ; emma had n't had the heart to move any of it . 
 after nisha 's elusive comment last night , she 'd logged into sutton 's facebook account and searched laurel 's page once more . 
 emma had figured laurel and thayer were friends , but she had n't guessed that laurel had a crush on him . 
 as she looked back at the pictures though , it was obvious . 
 in all the group shots , laurel stood next to thayer . 
 in a shot where thayer laughed at something with charlotte , laurel lurked in the background looking at thayer . 
 a youtube link showed thayer and laurel dancing a tango at a school formal . 
 when thayer dipped laurel low , laurel had a delighted , enchanted smile on her face . 
 it was a smile of someone who wanted something more than just friendship . 
 but in may , a month before thayer allegedly ran away , the wall messages between the two of them abruptly stopped . 
 there were no more pictures of laurel and thayer together . 
 it was as though something-or someone-had forced them apart . 
 do n't play dumb , sutton , nisha had said . 
 you knew she had a thing for him . 
 and there was the entry in sutton 's journal from may 17 : l is still ruined over t. pull yourself together , bitch . 
 he 's just a guy . 
 t obviously stood for thayer . 
 there were no easy answers , though . 
 it was n't as if anyone had written what exactly had happened . 
 and it certainly was n't like i remembered . 
 i hoped i had n't done something to hurt my little sister , but i really did n't know . 
 emma watched laurel as she picked up a bottle of perfume from sutton 's dresser and sniffed the top . 
 she smiled pleasantly , as if she did n't have a mean cell in her body . 
 then emma thought about the crane laurel had placed at emma 's plate last week . 
 maybe she was jumping to conclusions . 
 just because nisha said laurel would kill her did n't mean she actually had . 
 it 's just something people say . 
 and maybe there was a good reason laurel was wearing sutton 's locket in that picture on madeline 's phone . 
 the same locket that now hung around emma 's neck . 
 `` let me put on jeans , '' emma decided . 
 laurel smiled . 
 `` meet you downstairs . '' 
 just as she was halfway across the room to the door , laurel paused and widened her eyes at something on the bed . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 emma followed her gaze and panicked . 
 her notebook lay face-up on the mattress . 
 scrawled across the top sheet were the words girl strangled in mansion . 
 thinks friends to blame . 
 she grabbed for the notebook and covered it with her hand . 
 `` just a project for school . '' 
 laurel paused for a moment . 
 `` you do n't do projects for school ! '' 
 she shook her head and walked out of the room . 
 but before she stepped down the stairs , she cast one more glance at emma . 
 from where i watched it was hard to tell if it was questioning ... or something more . 
 mr. pinky was a small salon tucked into the foothills , in a complex that also contained an organic yogurt shop , a holistic cat daycare , and a place that advertised ultra-cleanse colonics ! 
 lose five pounds in minutes ! 
 in the front window . 
 at least laurel had n't dragged her there . 
 the salon was part upscale spa , part star trek . 
 all the nail technicians wore formfitting jumpsuits that were supposedly trendy , but emma thought they looked ready to board a starship and fly the whole salon to the crab nebula . 
 emma and laurel plopped down on a sleek gray couch to wait . 
 `` so are you ready for your party ? '' 
 laurel pulled chapstick out of her bag and smeared it over her lips . 
 `` i guess , '' emma lied . 
 more rsvp cards had been waiting in sutton 's bedroom when she came home from tennis today . 
 all of them said things like ca n't wait ! 
 and the party of the year ! 
 `` you 'd better be . '' 
 laurel nudged her in the ribs . 
 `` you 've been planning it for long enough ! 
 so has garrett told you what he 's getting you yet ? '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` why ? 
 has he told you ? '' 
 laurel 's smile broadened knowingly . 
 `` nah . 
 but i 've heard rumors ... . '' 
 emma pinched a handful of fabric on the couch . 
 what was the big deal with garrett 's present ? 
 nail dryers hummed across the room . 
 the smell of polish remover and aloe hand lotion filled the air . 
 emma reached into her bag and touched the napkin from thayer . 
 her stomach streaked with nerves . 
 she 'd intended to bring it up at the end of the manicures , but she could n't wait any longer . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 laurel looked up and smiled . 
 emma placed the napkin on the empty cushion between them . 
 `` i found this in my tennis locker . '' 
 a wrinkle formed between laurel 's eyes as she gazed at thayer 's drunk smiley face . 
 her fingers worked a tiny hole in her jeans . 
 there was a sharp rip , and the hole suddenly , forcefully , split open . 
 `` oh , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . '' 
 emma 's voice shook . 
 `` i do n't know how it got there . '' 
 it was n't technically a lie . 
 laurel balled the note in her hands and stared blankly at the rainbow-colored bottles of nail polish on the shelf . 
 emma gripped the arm of the couch hard . 
 would laurel explode ? 
 scream ? 
 come after her with nail scissors ? 
 `` no biggie , '' laurel finally said . 
 `` it 's not like i do n't have a million notes exactly like that from thayer in my room . '' 
 then she calmly pulled out her iphone and checked her email . 
 `` do you miss him ? '' 
 emma blurted . 
 laurel continued to tap her iphone . 
 `` of course . '' 
 her voice did n't rise or dip . 
 it was as though they were talking about the differences between creamy peanut butter and crunchy . 
 then she nodded at the snapple bottle emma had taken from the mercer fridge . 
 `` mind if i have some ? '' 
 emma shrugged , and laurel took a long sip . 
 as soon as she set the bottle back on the coffee table , her shoulders began to convulse . 
 her head jerked back , and she tipped over on the couch . 
 she clutched her throat and stared at emma with frightened , bulging eyes . 
 `` i ... ca n't ... '' emma shot to her feet . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 laurel made a choking sound , flopped once , and went limp . 
 her blond hair fanned out on the couch cushion . 
 her right hand spasmed . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 emma shouted . 
 `` laurel ? '' 
 she shook her shoulders . 
 laurel 's eyes were glued closed . 
 her mouth hung open limply . 
 the iphone she 'd been holding slowly released from her grip and clonked to the carpet . 
 `` help ! '' 
 emma called out . 
 she bent down and listened for breathing . 
 no sounds escaped from laurel 's lips . 
 she pressed her fingers to laurel 's wrist . 
 it felt like there was a pulse . 
 `` wake up , '' she urged , shaking her . 
 laurel 's head bobbed like a rag doll . 
 her chunky silver bracelets jangled together . 
 emma leapt to her feet and looked around . 
 a black girl stared at them from a pedicure chair across the room , vogue in her lap . 
 a small spanish woman rushed over . 
 `` what 's the matter with her ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' emma said frantically . 
 `` is she pregnant ? '' 
 the woman suggested . 
 `` i do n't think so ... . '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 the spanish woman jostled laurel 's arm . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she yelled in her face , slapping her cheek . 
 emma put her ear to laurel 's mouth again . 
 the mouth-to-mouth unit of the babysitter training class she 'd taken in sixth grade rushed to her mind . 
 did you pinch the nose then breathe into the mouth , or the other way around ? 
 then something cold and wet touched her earlobe . 
 emma pulled back in alarm . 
 was that ... a tongue ? 
 she stared at laurel 's face . 
 and then , suddenly , laurel 's eyes popped open . 
 `` boo ! '' 
 emma screamed . 
 laurel exploded with giggles . 
 `` i totally had you ! 
 you thought i was dead ! '' 
 the lady made a tsk sound with her tongue . 
 `` you had all of us ! 
 what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 she stormed away , shaking her head . 
 emma sat back up . 
 her heart felt like a flag flapping crazily in the wind . 
 laurel adjusted her t-shirt , color rising to her cheeks . 
 `` you 've taught me well , sis . 
 but i never thought i 'd get you with something so easy ! '' 
 and then she stood , slid her purse over her shoulder , and cruised to the wall of nail polishes to choose the color for her manicure . 
 emma stared at laurel 's straight , slender back , her head spinning . 
 that certainly was an innovative way to change the subject from thayer . 
 but something unsettled her , too . 
 a girl whose older sister did something to ruin her chances with her crush did n't just shrug it off with a laugh and a prank . 
 if someone had done that to emma , she 'd tell them off . 
 fight back . 
 retaliate . 
 and then emma raised her head . 
 the hot lights above scorched her scalp . 
 she could think of one reason laurel might not be angry anymore . 
 i thought it at the exact same time , too : maybe laurel had already gotten her revenge . 
 chapter 25 a late addition to the guest list `` i 'd like to solve the puzzle , pat , '' a constantly smiling soccer mom said on tv . 
 the screen switched to a shot of the wheel of fortune board . 
 all of the letters of thing had been filled in except for one . 
 `` picking fresh flowers ? '' 
 triumphant music played as vanna turned the final letter . 
 soccer mom jumped up and down , ecstatic that she 'd won nine hundred dollars . 
 it was late thursday evening , and emma was watching a wheel rerun on the game show network from sutton 's bed . 
 wheel of fortune usually calmed her down . 
 it reminded her of watching it with becky on the tattered la-z-boy-she could almost smell the burger king takeout and hear becky calling out the answers and critiquing vanna 's sequined ball gown . 
 but now all emma could think of when she saw that wheel on the screen was how it seemed like a metaphor for her life-a wheel of chance . 
 risk or reward . 
 one twin getting the good life , one twin getting the bad . 
 one twin dying , the other twin living . 
 the living twin choosing either to go after the person she was almost certain had killed her sister ... or slip quietly away . 
 laurel killed sutton . 
 the thought flashed into her mind every couple of seconds , giving her a fresh scare each and every time . 
 she felt positive it was true . 
 all signs had pointed to charlotte before , but now laurel seemed like the only answer . 
 when she got home from the nail salon , she 'd searched for more clues , and too much connected : sutton 's facebook account was on autofill , which meant laurel could 've sneaked into sutton 's room , logged in , found the message from emma , and written an eager note back , summoning emma here . 
 and then there was the sutton 's dead note laurel had found on her car . 
 besides the bit of pollen on the corner , the paper did n't have any creases , folds , or dirt marks like it should have if laurel had really dug it out from under a windshield wiper . 
 and emma had n't actually seen the note on laurel 's car-who was to say laurel had n't lied about someone leaving it there ? 
 she just as easily could have pulled it out of her bag . 
 laurel had been at charlotte 's sleepover , too . 
 she 'd slept next to emma in charlotte 's cavernous bedroom , which would 've made it easiest for her to see when emma had gotten up for a drink . 
 she could 've crept downstairs and strangled emma with sutton 's locket . 
 and speaking of that locket , there was the photo of laurel wearing the locket on madeline 's phone . 
 it looked identical to the one that now hung around emma 's neck . 
 they looked identical to me , too . 
 i thought about the memories i now possessed . 
 how i had flown off the handle so quickly and thrown her copycat necklace into the darkness . 
 laurel 's shattered expression . 
 then i thought about those hands grabbing me and shoving me into the car . 
 the trunk had been tiny and cramped , probably about the size of laurel 's jetta . 
 but i kept returning to the flickering memory of laurel and me giggling together at the la paloma pool . 
 holding hands . 
 friends . 
 what had driven us apart ? 
 why had n't i tried to rekindle that relationship ? 
 i did n't want to believe laurel could 've murdered me . 
 and what about the shock of red hair i 'd seen through my blindfold when the assailant pulled me from the trunk ? 
 had my eyes been playing tricks on me ? 
 emma rose from the bed and started pacing around the room . 
 she did n't have any solid proof yet , but the snuff film had to be from the night sutton died . 
 it made sense . 
 maybe when laurel pulled the blindfold off sutton 's head and discovered she was n't dead , she 'd wrapped the necklace back around her sister 's neck and finished the job . 
 maybe the actual murder happened after the video ended ... . 
 if only the video were still online-it would be enough to make the police believe that what emma was telling them was true . 
 and how had that video gotten online anyway ? 
 why would the killer post something that would seal her own doom ? 
 unless of course laurel posted it online to attract emma . 
 maybe she somehow knew that her adopted sister had a twin . 
 and maybe she knew the video would reach emma ... and emma would reach out . 
 it had worked . 
 emma placed her palms against the smooth white walls . 
 muffled music sounded from laurel 's bedroom next door . 
 for all emma knew , laurel could be inside her room right now plotting what to do next . 
 she walked over to the tv and shut it off . 
 all of a sudden , it felt dangerous to linger so close to the killer . 
 she felt like a prisoner in this room-a prisoner in her dead sister 's life . 
 she yanked the door open and started down the stairs . 
 just as she was about to pull open the front door , someone cleared his throat behind her . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 emma turned . 
 mr. mercer sat in the office off the foyer , tapping away on a netbook . 
 there was a bluetooth earpiece in his ear . 
 `` uh , out for a walk , '' emma said . 
 mr. mercer peered at emma over his glasses . 
 `` it 's after nine . 
 i do n't like you wandering around outside alone in the dark . '' 
 the corners of emma 's mouth jerked into a smile . 
 foster parents never cared when she came and went . 
 they never worried about her safety . 
 even becky let emma walk around at night-if they were staying in a motel , she sent little emma out to the vending machines to get her mountain dew and goldfish crackers . 
 then again , he was n't worried about emma 's safety . 
 he was worried about his daughter , sutton . 
 emma could n't bear to meet his eyes , knowing that his daughter was far from safe , and it might all be due to his other daughter . 
 emma had to get the hell out of there . 
 she spied sutton 's tennis racket leaning against the hall closet and grabbed it . 
 `` i need to practice my serve . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 mr. mercer turned back to the computer screen . 
 `` but i want you back home in an hour . 
 we still need to discuss the ground rules for your party . '' 
 `` okay , '' emma called out . 
 she slammed the door and jogged down the center of the street . 
 everyone had dragged their large green trash cans to the curb , and the air smelled like rotting vegetables and dirty diapers . 
 the farther she got from sutton 's house , the better-safer - she felt . 
 she stopped at the park , noticing the faintest outline of a familiar figure lying in an x on the tennis courts . 
 her heart lifted . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 emma called out . 
 ethan shot up at the sound of his name . 
 `` it 's sutton ! '' 
 `` fancy meeting you here . '' 
 it was too dark to see ethan 's face , but emma detected happiness in his voice . 
 she suddenly felt happier , too . 
 `` can i join you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she opened the chain-link gate without jamming quarters into the meter to turn on the lights . 
 the door slammed shut with a bang . 
 she felt ethan 's gaze on her as she walked to the net and lay down next to him . 
 the court was still warm from the heat of the day and smelled faintly of baked asphalt and spilled gatorade . 
 the stars above glinted like bits of quartz in a sidewalk . 
 the mom , dad , and emma stars pulsed just below the moon . 
 it was frustrating that even after so much had changed , the stars were in exactly the same place they 'd always been , laughing at emma 's futile struggles on earth . 
 tears welled in emma 's eyes . 
 futile struggles was right . 
 all the fantasies she 'd concocted in her mind on the bus ride here . 
 all the fun she thought she and sutton would have as sisters . 
 `` you okay , sylvia plath ? '' 
 ethan teased . 
 the air had grown colder , and emma pulled her arms closely into her sides for warmth . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 emma ran her tongue over her teeth . 
 `` god , whenever i see you i 'm a complete mental case . '' 
 `` it 's cool . 
 i do n't mind mental cases . '' 
 but emma shook her head . 
 she could n't tell him what was really going on , no matter how much she wanted to . 
 `` it 's my birthday tomorrow , '' she said instead . 
 `` i 'm having a party . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 ethan propped himself up on one hand . 
 `` well , happy birthday . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 emma smiled in the darkness . 
 she tracked a slow-moving jet as it sliced across the night sky . 
 in some ways , this would probably be the best birthday she 'd ever had . 
 most of emma 's birthdays had been nonevents-she 'd spent her sixteenth in the social worker 's office waiting to get reassigned to a new foster home , and she 'd spent her eleventh as a runaway with the kids at the campsite . 
 the only real birthday celebration she 'd had was when becky had taken her to a renaissance fair near where they lived . 
 emma had ridden ye olde donkey in a slow circle , eaten a giant turkey leg , and made a construction-paper coat of arms in neon green and turquoise , her favorite colors at the time . 
 on their way to the parking lot at the end of the day , emma had asked if they could do this for her birthday again the next year . 
 but by her next birthday , becky was gone . 
 emma stared at the sky . 
 a cloud passed over the moon , obscuring it for a moment . 
 `` will you come ? '' 
 `` to what ? '' 
 `` to my party . 
 i mean , if you 're not busy . 
 and if you want to . '' 
 emma bit her thumbnail . 
 her heart kicked in her chest . 
 asking him suddenly felt like a big deal . 
 the moon illuminated ethan 's angular profile . 
 emma waited patiently for him to decide . 
 if he says no , do n't get upset , she told herself . 
 do n't take it personally . 
 `` okay , '' ethan said . 
 emma 's stomach swooped . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . 
 i 'll come . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 emma grinned . 
 `` you 'll be the only normal person there . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . '' 
 by the way he said it , emma could tell ethan was smiling . 
 `` i do n't think any of us are normal , do you ? 
 i think we all have crazy secrets . '' 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 ethan paused a moment . 
 `` i have a huge crush on frau fenstermacher . '' 
 emma snickered . 
 `` that 's totally understandable . 
 she 's so sexy . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm super-hot for her . '' 
 `` well , good luck with that , '' emma said . 
 `` i hope you two lovebirds find true happiness . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 ethan shifted positions to lie back down , and his hand bumped hers . 
 emma stared at their two hands together , the fingers just touching . 
 after a moment , ethan curled his pointer finger around hers and squeezed once before pulling away . 
 suddenly , in the safe , close darkness , emma 's insane , dangerous world felt as far away as the stars . 
 chapter 26 a face from the past plink . 
 plink . 
 plink . 
 hours later , emma woke from a dreamless sleep and looked around . 
 what was that ? 
 plink . 
 she whipped around to the window that faced the front yard . 
 a tiny pebble ricocheted off the glass and plummeted to the ground below . 
 emma ran to the window and looked down . 
 a figure stood under the large floodlight by the front porch . 
 emma rubbed her eyes hard . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she cried . 
 she barely felt the stairs on her feet as she whipped down them . 
 the door creaked when she flung it open and stepped into the night . 
 becky stood in the middle of the driveway next to laurel 's car . 
 i gawked at the woman on the driveway . 
 this was the first time i 'd ever seen our mother . 
 she had chin-length , silky dark hair and blue-green eyes . 
 her body was thin-almost too thin-and she wore baggy jeans with a hole in the knee and a faded t-shirt that said the casual clam restaurant . 
 she would 've been someone i 'd just pass by on the street . 
 i felt no connection to her , no instant bond . 
 it did n't feel real . 
 but when emma got to becky , her arms went right through her body . 
 she stepped back , blinking hard . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 she cried again . 
 she tried to touch becky , but it was as though she was made of vapor . 
 emma touched her own face to make sure she was still real . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` it 's not what you think , honey , '' becky said in her gravelly smoker 's voice . 
 `` you have to be careful , '' becky added . 
 `` you have to be quiet . 
 things are about to get very dangerous . '' 
 `` w-what do you mean ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 `` shh . '' 
 `` but - '' then becky stepped forward and pressed her hand over emma 's mouth . 
 it felt like a real hand to emma , solid and stable . 
 `` you need to do this for me . '' 
 suddenly a vision flashed in my brain . 
 i heard that same voice say , you need to do this for me , loud and clear . 
 at least i thought it was the same voice . 
 i was n't sure if the voice was speaking to me ... or to someone else . 
 but just as i was grappling to see this memory , it dissolved . 
 all at once , emma 's eyes popped open . 
 she was in sutton 's dark bedroom once more . 
 the curtains fluttered in the breeze . 
 the glass of water she 'd filled before she went to sleep sat on the nightstand . 
 the dream still pounded in her head . 
 she sat up , and her vision cleared . 
 there was a figure standing over her . 
 becky ? 
 emma thought immediately . 
 but this person 's hair was blond , not brown . 
 her nose turned up at the end , and freckles splashed across her cheeks . 
 emma stared straight into laurel 's tourmaline-green eyes . 
 laurel 's hand clapped tightly over emma 's mouth . 
 `` scream ! '' 
 i yelled frantically at emma . 
 that was just what emma did . 
 she kicked the sheets off and whacked her hands at laurel 's arms . 
 laurel backed away , an astonished expression on her face . 
 in seconds , the bedroom door opened and the mercer parents burst inside . 
 mr. mercer did n't have a shirt on . 
 mrs. mercer wore plaid pajama pants and a lacy tank top . 
 drake bounded in , too , emitting a few short , low barks . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 mr. mercer demanded . 
 `` laurel 's trying to kill me ! '' 
 emma screamed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 laurel backed away from the bed as though it were on fire . 
 emma shuffled back until she was pressed against the headboard . 
 her chest heaved with sobs . 
 `` she was trying to suffocate me . '' 
 laurel let out an indignant squeak . 
 `` no , i was n't ! '' 
 she gestured to the digital clock next to the bed . 
 the red numbers flashed 12:01 . 
 `` i came in here because i wanted to be the very first one to wish you a happy birthday . '' 
 `` do n't deny it . '' 
 emma held the sheets to her chest . 
 `` i saw you ! '' 
 `` sutton , honey , laurel would n't do something like that , '' mr. mercer said gently . 
 `` you probably just had a nightmare . '' 
 mrs. mercer rubbed her eyes . 
 `` are you worried about your birthday party ? '' 
 `` why would i be worried about a birthday party ? '' 
 emma snapped . 
 she whipped a finger in laurel 's direction . 
 `` she . 
 tried . 
 to . 
 kill . 
 me ! '' 
 but when she looked at the mercers again , sleepy skepticism was obvious in both of their faces . 
 `` honey , why do n't you go downstairs and have a glass of milk ? '' 
 mrs. mercer suggested . 
 and then , yawning , they turned for the door . 
 drake and laurel followed . 
 but before laurel turned in the hall , she wheeled around and met emma 's gaze . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 the corners of her mouth arced down . 
 fire shot through emma 's veins . 
 the words becky had said in the dream flashed into her mind once more . 
 things are about to get very dangerous . 
 the words swirled in my mind , too . 
 talk about a dream come true . 
 chapter 27 happy birthday , now die `` there 's the birthday girl ! '' 
 madeline cried , tottering across the patio in bright blue stilettos , a silver party dress , and a foil crown . 
 she plopped an almost identical crown on emma 's head , which said 18 in pink numbers . 
 `` smile ! '' 
 charlotte darted up to them , dressed in a short striped dress and espadrilles . 
 she smushed close to emma and held a digital camera out from their bodies . 
 just as the flash went off , laurel leapt into the picture , throwing her arm around emma and grinning broadly . 
 `` cheese ! '' 
 laurel said overenthusiastically , her smile as white as the gauzy tunic she wore over black leggings . 
 emma tried her best to smile , but she had a feeling she just looked scared . 
 sutton 's friends broke from the hug and launched into another round of `` happy birthday . '' 
 charlotte belted it out at the top of her lungs . 
 madeline sang it like marilyn monroe when she serenaded jfk . 
 and laurel sang sweetly , innocently . 
 emma took a slight step away from her . 
 it was 9 p.m. , and sutton 's birthday party was in full swing . 
 a dj spun records on the patio table near the grill . 
 throngs of kids swayed and twirled on the dance floor . 
 girls from the tennis team held plates of canapes . 
 mrs. mercer had strung tiny pink christmas lights all around the patio and filled punch bowls with virgin sangria . 
 at least twenty-five cheapo digital cameras were strewn around the patio . 
 three laptops sat on a table near the door ; each had usb cords to upload photos to facebook and twitter . 
 the mercer parents had mapped out a radio-controlled car obstacle course in the desert-dust part of the backyard . 
 the air smelled like a melange of everyone 's perfume and hair products , with a slight undertone of booze . 
 a large card table near the door held a pile of wrapped birthday presents , more than emma had ever seen in her life . 
 not that emma was able to enjoy any of it . 
 she might have been dressed up in the pale-pink minidress that she 'd found hanging in sutton 's closet with the word birthday written on the hanger ; she might 've spent an hour in the salon getting her hair curled just so ; and she might 've been wearing high-heeled booties that probably cost more than her entire year 's clothing budget . 
 but it did n't mean she felt particularly festive . 
 every time a flash went off , she winced and wheeled around . 
 every time someone touched her to say hi , she stiffened . 
 every firework mr. mercer and some of the boys set off at the end of the yard made her flinch . 
 they sounded like gunshots . 
 it felt like any minute might be her last . 
 i hoped she was wrong . 
 after they finished happy birthday-ing , madeline , charlotte and laurel surveyed the picture on the preview screen . 
 `` madeline looks drunk , '' charlotte said . 
 `` and i look drugged . '' 
 laurel sidled up to emma and showed her the camera . 
 `` you 're the only one who looks normal . 
 if you put this on facebook , you have to photoshop all of us out of it . '' 
 emma slowly inched away from laurel 's muscular frame ; being this close to her made her tingly with nerves . 
 all night , she 'd watched laurel . 
 she 'd been on the dance floor for most of the party , requesting fast , edgy songs that got everyone moving . 
 an hour ago , she 'd cornered emma by the pool and presented her with a birthday gift , two tickets to a revival of les miserables the following week . 
 `` you can take anyone you want , but i 'd love to go , '' laurel said bashfully . 
 `` remember how we used to act out the scenes when we were little ? 
 you always insisted on being cosette . '' 
 i remember , i wanted to shout out . 
 not that i did exactly , but i wished i could . 
 something seemed so wrong about this . 
 how had laurel and i gone from playing les miz to hating each other ? 
 how could my sister have killed me ? 
 but emma was convinced laurel had done it-the memory of laurel trying to suffocate her this morning burned brightly in her brain . 
 what she could n't figure out was why . 
 would n't she want to keep emma alive so that no one would know sutton was missing ? 
 maybe emma was n't playing sutton well enough . 
 maybe emma was asking too many questions , poking around too many places . 
 something across the patio caught emma 's eye . 
 a tall guy with shorn hair and dressed in a slim-cut black button-down and jeans pushed through the back gate . 
 there was a box of godiva chocolates under his arm and a tense scowl on his face . 
 he looked around the crowd as if searching for someone . 
 emma 's heart did a flip . 
 ethan . 
 emma handed the digital camera back to madeline . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 `` but , sutton , '' charlotte whined . 
 `` we have n't given you our gift yet . '' 
 `` in a minute , '' emma called over her shoulder . 
 as she pushed through the mob of kids , she heard charlotte sigh . 
 `` what 's with her ? '' 
 everyone was either packed around the food table or writhing on the dance floor . 
 the strong scent of rum tickled emma 's nostrils as she wove through the mass of kids , keeping tabs on ethan 's head . 
 he was having a hard time getting past the gate . 
 gabriella noticed him and snickered at the godiva . 
 `` looks like someone still has a burning crush on the birthday girl , huh ? '' 
 she nudged emma in the ribs . 
 emma ignored her , standing on tiptoes . 
 ethan was wedged between jennifer and julia , the only outed-and popular-lesbian couple at school , and three soccer players seemingly reenacting a play from a recent game . 
 emma could see his patience quickly dwindling away , like battery power on a cell phone . 
 emma zigzagged around the girls at the makeover table . 
 and finally , there he was , setting down the chocolate on an empty spot on the gifts table and pivoting back toward the gate . 
 she grabbed his wrist . 
 ethan 's shoulders tensed , but when he saw it was her , he smiled . 
 `` you made it ! '' 
 emma exclaimed . 
 ethan shrugged nonchalantly . 
 `` i was driving by . 
 i ca n't stay long . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 emma 's shoulders sagged . 
 ethan 's long-lashed eyes darted around the rest of the party . 
 then he touched the godiva box . 
 `` anyway , these are for you . 
 happy birthday . 
 i hope you have a great one . '' 
 he leaned in closer . 
 `` i hear all the great poetesses have a chocolate obsession . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 emma ran her fingers along the top of the square-shaped gold box . 
 ethan had selected a dark chocolate mix , her favorite . 
 `` i 'm really glad you came . '' 
 a smile flashed across ethan 's face , too . 
 but then , just as quickly , his expression wilted at something behind her . 
 emma turned just in time to see garrett pushing past a crowd of kids . 
 he grabbed emma , wrapped his arms around her waist , spun her around , and gave her a long , seductive kiss . 
 emma flailed helplessly , balking at the feel of garrett 's lips against hers . 
 her cheeks burned . 
 she could feel everyone 's eyes on her . 
 `` whoo ! '' 
 a girl called near her . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 one of the soccer players said . 
 `` get a room ! '' 
 madeline whooped nearby . 
 finally , garrett pulled away and released her . 
 emma searched for ethan ... only , he 'd disappeared . 
 chapter 28 seduction and murder always go hand in hand garrett had pulled emma all the way into the house before she refused to go any farther . 
 `` that was really rude of you back there . 
 you ca n't just tear me away from a conversation like that . 
 i 'm supposed to be the hostess . '' 
 garrett turned and grabbed her hand . 
 `` i was rescuing you , sutton . 
 landry had you trapped . '' 
 emma scoffed . 
 `` no , he did n't ! '' 
 `` yeah , he did . '' 
 there was a chivalrous but also slightly condescending tone to garrett 's voice . 
 as if he knew what was best . 
 emma 's mouth hung open for a long beat . 
 the music pulsed outside . 
 there was a thwonng of the springs on the diving board as someone jumped off . 
 `` i 'm not your damsel in distress , '' she finally said , her cheeks burning . 
 a confused look registered on garrett 's face . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he grabbed emma 's hands . 
 `` shit . 
 i just wanted some alone time with you . 
 i have n't seen you all night . '' 
 emma leaned against the grandfather clock , remembering the bashful look on ethan 's face when he 'd given her the chocolates . 
 `` once i give you your present , you 'll forgive the intrusion , '' garrett said confidently . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 at that , he grabbed emma 's hand and pulled her up the stairs . 
 emma followed , stepping over a stack of folded t-shirts mrs. mercer had left on one of the risers . 
 what was garrett giving her that he could n't show her downstairs ? 
 `` here we go , '' garrett said in a hushed voice . 
 he pushed open the door to sutton 's bedroom . 
 candles flickered from every possible surface . 
 the smell of lavender essential oils assaulted emma 's nostrils . 
 the faint sounds of billie holiday tinkled out of stereo speakers . 
 garrett had drawn the curtains tight and sprinkled rose petals all over the floor and on the bed . 
 there was a box of valrhona chocolates on the pillow and two glasses of champagne on the nightstand . 
 emma 's mouth dropped open . 
 the conversation on the mountain trail flooded back to her . 
 remember what we talked about this summer ? 
 our plans ? 
 i was thinking about making that happen for your birthday . 
 `` oh my god , '' she mouthed . 
 the billie holiday song morphed into an acoustic love song by jack johnson . 
 garrett smiled earnestly at emma . 
 then , as though he were in a stripping race , he tore off his t-shirt and threw it to the floor . 
 he kicked off his shoes next and unbuckled his belt . 
 `` oh my god , stop ! '' 
 emma cried . 
 garrett froze , his cheeks flushing bright red , and his hands trembling a little . 
 the candles flickered against the wall . 
 `` um ... '' emma started to nervously giggle . 
 something about it seemed so ridiculously ... ridiculous . 
 she 'd known garrett for what , two weeks ? 
 and now she was supposed to be with him ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't do '' - emma gestured to the bed - `` this . '' 
 garrett sat tentatively on the edge of the bed , staring at emma as if her skin had turned purple . 
 `` but ... we 've been talking about it all summer . '' 
 emma 's mouth fell open . 
 `` i mean , i thought about it , '' garrett went on , running his hands over his spiky hair . 
 `` and i realized you were right : there 's no reason to wait . 
 i want my first time to be with you . 
 do n't you want it to be with me , sutton ? '' 
 emma looked everywhere in the room except at the big strip of boxer shorts peeking out of the top of garrett 's jeans . 
 i 'm not sutton , she wanted to scream . 
 `` i-i guess i 've changed my mind , '' she said instead . 
 `` changed your mind ? '' 
 garrett searched her face desperately . 
 then he placed his palms flat on the petal-strewn mattress . 
 `` wait a minute , '' he said in a low , shaky voice . 
 `` were all of our sex talks just some big prank ? 
 is this what you did to thayer ? '' 
 `` no , of course not ! '' 
 emma shook her head fast , wondering what sutton had done to thayer . 
 `` it 's just ... i ca n't ... '' she took a big step back . 
 the essential oil smell was starting to make her woozy . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said again . 
 then she flung the door open and fumbled clumsily into the hall . 
 instead of galloping down the stairs to the party , she turned the other direction and dove into a room one door down . 
 she shut the door just as garrett stepped into the hall . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 he called . 
 emma crouched next to the door . 
 she heard him spinning around , his footsteps soft on the carpet . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 he called again . 
 emma did n't move , forcing herself to breathe quietly and praying he would n't come in . 
 after a moment , garrett groaned . 
 a door slammed , and a few seconds later opened again . 
 emma heard his footsteps down the staircase , then stomping through the foyer . 
 she turned and slumped against the door , sighing in relief . 
 the room she was in had two diamond-shaped night-lights that illuminated a bed with a black-and-white striped bedspread . 
 a white-and-pink egg chair sat in the corner . 
 an avant-garde mobile hung by the window and millions of photos of girls lined the walls . 
 emma blinked hard at the three-way mirror on the wall by the closet . 
 she frowned at the macbook air on the desk and the flat-screen tv on the low bureau . 
 this looked exactly like sutton 's room , but in reverse . 
 so this was ... laurel 's room ? 
 emma 's knees cracked as she slowly rose to her feet . 
 she 'd never seen inside laurel 's room before-laurel always kept the door closed . 
 emma flipped on a light at laurel 's desk and peered at the photos on the bulletin board . 
 the picture of sutton and her friends in front of the monkey house at the zoo looked oddly familiar . 
 so did the one of sutton , madeline , and charlotte waving cookie-batter spoons at one another . 
 they were exactly the same photos from sutton 's room-laurel was n't even in most of them . 
 there was something eerie about laurel 's room being such a precise knockoff of her sister 's . 
 almost like she 's studying sutton , she thought . 
 preparing to become her . 
 emma tiptoed to laurel 's bed and stuck her head under the dust ruffle . 
 besides an extra tennis racket , there were only balled-up socks and a couple of hair ties . 
 she peeked into the closet . 
 a slight smell of perfume and brand-new denim wafted out . 
 while everything in sutton 's closet had its place , laurel 's blouses and dresses hung messily on their hangers , straps and sleeves dangling halfway off , jeans and t-shirts piled in the corner . 
 shoes lay scattered on the floor . 
 emma closed the closet again and rubbed her temples . 
 there had to be something here . 
 some kind of proof of what laurel had done . 
 i hoped there was n't . 
 i hoped she had n't done it . 
 a single blue light on laurel 's computer monitor glowed across the room . 
 swallowing hard , emma paced to the desk and sat down . 
 the screen saver was a montage of sutton , laurel , and the rest of the crowd at dances , restaurants , and sleepovers . 
 it quickly dissolved when emma touched the mouse , showing a dark desktop jammed with icons and files . 
 most of them were labeled things like shakespeare paper or c 's party . 
 a creak sounded outside the door . 
 emma froze and cocked her head . 
 a shout emerged from the party downstairs . 
 someone 's cell phone rang . 
 she strained for any sounds that were close , every nerve ending tingling . 
 slowly she breathed out . 
 turning back to the computer , she pulled up the finder and hurriedly typed lying game into the search field . 
 the little rainbow wheel whirled . 
 one folder popped up , buried deep within a temporary drive . 
 emma clicked on it several times . 
 the computer made a sharp barking sound . 
 the folder listed a series of videos . 
 emma clicked on the first one , and a short clip of madeline pretending to drown in a pool appeared . 
 it was the same video emma had seen on facebook . 
 another video showed sutton , charlotte , and madeline on a green golf course at night , spray-painting a rock . 
 `` a thousand bucks says laurel does n't show , '' sutton said . 
 it was another video from sutton 's facebook page . 
 she clicked on more videos : one of sutton calling the police and telling them she 'd heard a baby crying in a dumpster . 
 one of madeline stealing mrs. mercer 's car while she shopped at aj 's market , the rest of the girls hiding in the bushes with the camera and giggling when mrs. mercer came out of the store and panicked . 
 one of the girls turning the desks in a classroom backward and hanging the american flag upside down on its pole . 
 on and on it went . 
 prank after prank . 
 it never seemed to end . 
 i watched , too , feeling sicker and sicker . 
 every prank we 'd pulled was cunning-and cruel . 
 we 'd hurt a lot of people . 
 maybe not everyone found it funny . 
 emma clicked on the very last video , a file at the bottom of the list titled the queen goes down . 
 a dark screen appeared . 
 for a few seconds , the camera bucked , shooting trees and bushes and the moon and then swirling back to the ground . 
 someone breathed close to the microphone . 
 there was a sharp snap , and the camera became level and still , as if it had been fastened to a tripod . 
 it focused on a close-up of a chair in the middle of an empty field . 
 then , with a whoosh of sound , a figure landed on the chair as if she 'd been pushed . 
 she had a black blindfold over her face . 
 a round silver locket bounced at her throat . 
 emma clapped her hand over her mouth , filled with both terror and relief . 
 this was the video that had started it all for emma . 
 the video that had brought her here . 
 this was her proof . 
 a figure appeared on the screen . 
 emma gasped as the person leaned into the camera and adjusted the lens . 
 moonlight from above made an eerie halo around her head . 
 the lighting features adjusted , and her face came into focus . 
 emma pressed her hands to her mouth . 
 she felt like she was on a roller coaster that had just plunged down a hill . 
 laurel . 
 i gasped silently , too . 
 so it was ... true ? 
 laurel 's empty green eyes stared blankly into the lens . 
 there was a sinister smile on her face . 
 very faintly in the background , emma could hear sutton whimpering . 
 emma 's eyes widened as she realized that this version of the video had sound . 
 her hands trembled . 
 her heart rocketed . 
 her whole body screamed at her to run , but she could n't tear her eyes away from the screen . 
 `` shhh , '' a voice said from behind the camera . 
 sutton turned her head toward the direction of the noise . 
 suddenly charlotte appeared on the screen . 
 she walked over to sutton and straightened the blindfold on her head . 
 and then madeline emerged in the frame , dragging charlotte back out of view . 
 emma 's heart beat so fast she could feel it churning away behind her ribs . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 they 'd all been there that night ? 
 laurel appeared in the frame once more and pulled a ski mask over her head . 
 she waited as the camera tilted right and left . 
 after a moment , someone whispered `` go ! '' 
 from behind the lens . 
 then laurel nodded and approached the back of sutton 's chair . 
 calmly , she pulled the locket hard against sutton 's throat , the video finally synching with the version emma had seen nearly two weeks before . 
 sutton kicked blindly . 
 her shoulders rolled right and left , trying to fight laurel off . 
 laurel pulled and pulled . 
 i watched , horrified . 
 how could they all do that to me ? 
 how could all my friends band together to kill me ? 
 `` harder ! '' 
 emma heard a voice whisper off-screen . 
 it sounded like madeline . 
 laurel yanked with more force . 
 `` a little higher up ! '' 
 charlotte whispered next . 
 it went on for an agonizing twenty seconds . 
 the girls off the camera hooted and giggled , and sutton continued to claw and thrash . 
 and then sutton went limp , and her head slumped forward . 
 emma pressed her hand to her mouth . 
 the camera whipped to laurel . 
 she stood a few steps away from sutton , staring at her in horror . 
 she reached out to touch her sister , then nervously drew her hands away . 
 `` you guys ... '' her voice cracked . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 madeline sounded on the verge of panic . 
 `` what did you do , laurel ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 laurel 's chin trembled . 
 `` i did exactly what you told me to do ! '' 
 charlotte 's footsteps crunched through the dead grass . 
 `` sutton ? 
 you 'd better not be f ** king with us . '' 
 when sutton did n't answer , charlotte let out a shrill combination of a whimper and a shriek . 
 `` shit , guys . 
 shit . '' 
 and then , close by , someone let out a loud scream . 
 the video camera lost picture for a moment . 
 after a clonk it was on the ground , the image of sutton now on its side . 
 footsteps scuffled through the grass , growing softer and softer until they were inaudible . 
 another figure appeared on the screen almost instantly . 
 whoever it was pulled the blindfold off sutton 's head and the gag from her mouth . 
 her hair was matted and sweaty , and her face drained of color . 
 after a moment , sutton opened her eyes and looked blearily into the camera lens . 
 emma searched her sister 's barely conscious face . 
 then the monitor went dark . 
 emma sat rigid in the chair . 
 `` they were all there , '' she said , her voice quavering . 
 `` they all did it . '' 
 suddenly the past two weeks snapped into sickening focus . 
 the reason no one had noticed emma was n't actually sutton was because they all knew she was n't - they were all in on it . 
 madeline had kidnapped emma at sabino and taken her to nisha 's party . 
 charlotte had brought emma home to sutton 's after nisha 's party , and she 'd walked her to tennis practice the next day . 
 laurel had driven emma to and from school . 
 they 'd all been at the sleepover , and laurel and charlotte had figured out emma was in the bus station so they knew they had to stop her from leaving . 
 they needed emma to be sutton . 
 after all , no body , no crime . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 someone called from the hall . 
 emma jumped , banging her knee on the bottom of the desk . 
 it was charlotte 's voice . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 charlotte called again . 
 emma searched the desktop frantically for safari so she could open her gmail . 
 she had to send this video to herself . 
 but her vision was blurry . 
 all the icons looked like hieroglyphs . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 charlotte called again . 
 and then , more softly , to someone behind her : `` maybe she 's in here ? '' 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 a second voice called . 
 garrett . 
 he knocked on laurel 's door . 
 emma darted frantically away from the computer , tipping over the desk chair in the process . 
 she wheeled in the center of laurel 's room for a moment , trying to figure out where to go . 
 under the bed ? 
 in the closet ? 
 she dashed to the window and pressed her back to the wall . 
 another knock . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 garrett called . 
 the doorknob began to turn . 
 she inched over to the window and looked out . 
 laurel 's bedroom faced a long line of hedges in the backyard . 
 kids raged at the party just a few feet away . 
 trembling , she touched the window sash and lifted it up . 
 cool night air wafted in . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 charlotte 's voice called . 
 `` you here ? '' 
 emma glanced over her shoulder . 
 the strip of light under the door began to widen . 
 emma caught sight of garrett 's blond hair in the doorway . 
 here goes , she thought . 
 she turned back to the window and took a deep breath . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 a voice sounded from inside laurel 's room . 
 but by that time , emma had already hit the ground . 
 chapter 29 the great escape emma 's fall landed her square in a hedge and tore a big hole in the hem of her dress . 
 her hand scraped against a rock and her high-heeled ankle twisted on the hard dirt . 
 letting out a groan , she ripped off her shoes and stashed them under a cactus . 
 she peered through the hedge . 
 the guys continued to play speed racer with the rc cars . 
 girls giggled and passed around a chrome flask . 
 gabriella and lilianna stood just a few feet away , their backs to her , heatedly whispering , frustrated looks on their faces . 
 the sliding glass door opened . 
 garrett and charlotte emerged from the house . 
 garrett went one way , but charlotte found madeline and laurel and all three huddled in a knot near the bushes . 
 emma crouched down close by . 
 she did n't dare move a muscle . 
 madeline 's voice floated over the other sounds of the party . 
 `` was she up there ? '' 
 `` i even checked laurel 's room , '' charlotte said . 
 `` she 's gone . '' 
 `` she ca n't be gone . '' 
 madeline made a face . 
 the girls turned for the gate . 
 emma crouched down and crawled to the next bush , then the next . 
 her bare knees dug into the gravel . 
 when she reached the wall surrounding the house , she hoisted herself up and over . 
 the rough surface scraped her arms and the top of her thighs . 
 her bare feet crunched to the gravel on the other side . 
 she looked around wildly . 
 she had no money , no phone . 
 no shoes . 
 where could she go ? 
 a wall of parked cars stood in front of her , blocking her passage to the street . 
 a jeep cherokee stood closest to her , a toyota was to her left , and a crookedly parked subaru impreza pinned her in on the right . 
 then emma spied a narrow escape corridor on the other side of the subaru along the block-wall fence that separated the mercers ' yard from the neighbors ' . 
 all she had to do was get around the subaru and she was free . 
 sucking in her stomach , she squeezed past the car 's side mirror , praying that the car did n't have one of those car alarms that blared as soon as someone touched it . 
 a clang made her stop halfway . 
 three figures stood at the back gate . 
 one was tall and angular , with dark hair and golden skin . 
 another was shorter and thicker , with pale skin that shone luminously in the moonlight . 
 the third girl had a familiar blond ponytail . 
 all of them looked around . 
 laurel had a flashlight . 
 emma quivered , momentarily paralyzed . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 madeline shouted , her voice cold and unfriendly . 
 then laurel gasped . 
 `` there she is ! '' 
 she shone the flashlight across the yard to where emma stood . 
 they ran toward her , tramping through the flowerbeds and past the porch . 
 emma took off down the narrow corridor , her heart drumming in her ears . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 charlotte , madeline , and laurel wove around the cars . 
 `` come back here ! '' 
 emma sprinted , her feet screaming , her gaze on the street just a few yards away . 
 just as she reached the end of the driveway , her foot landed on something sharp and hot . 
 she yelled out and flew to her knees . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 i screamed uselessly at her . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 emma scrambled to her feet . 
 the girls had squeezed past the subaru , too , and started down the corridor . 
 emma locked eyes with laurel . 
 her shoulders were hunched angrily . 
 emma let out a whimper and staggered into the street . 
 and then the automatic light timer on the garage clicked off , bathing the driveway and the street in total darkness . 
 emma froze , her heart jumping to her throat . 
 she groped for the edge of the block wall that surrounded the mercer house , then ducked around it , out of their view . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 the girls called . 
 their high-heeled shoes clicked on the asphalt . 
 they were moving closer and closer in the darkness . 
 for all she knew , they were right next to her . 
 a hand shot out and grabbed her wrist . 
 emma jumped and cried out . 
 she was yanked to her knees and dragged farther into the neighbors ' yard . 
 her palms hit hard , sharp gravel . 
 tears came to her eyes . 
 her foot throbbed in pain . 
 her nose twitched with the sharp smell of a cigarette . 
 she stared at the dark figure in front of her , expecting to see charlotte 's angry face or laurel 's searing gaze . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 a guy 's voice asked instead . 
 emma blinked hard . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 she whispered , her eyes adjusting . 
 she could just make out ethan 's shorn head and angular jaw . 
 he held a cigarette between his fingers , the red tip glowing eerily in the darkness . 
 ethan stubbed out his cigarette in the gravel and stared at emma 's sweaty , harried face , her torn dress , her lack of shoes . 
 `` what the hell 's going on ? '' 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 madeline called out at the same time . 
 she was right next to them , separated only by the block wall . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 emma grasped ethan 's hand hard . 
 `` can you get me out of here ? 
 now ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` please , '' emma whispered desperately , clasping ethan 's hands . 
 `` can you help me or not ? '' 
 he stared at her . 
 a look emma could n't quite discern flashed over his eyes . 
 he nodded . 
 `` my car 's a couple houses down . '' 
 hand in hand , they slipped into the darkness . 
 i only hoped he could get her away before they caught her . 
 chapter 30 someone knows ... ethan led emma to an old red honda civic hatchback with a gray door and a crack in the windshield . 
 the inside smelled like mcdonald 's and old shoes , and the passenger seat was littered with textbooks and papers . 
 emma swept them aside and belted herself in . 
 ethan swung behind the wheel . 
 swiveling around , emma saw laurel standing at the edge of the driveway , looking right and left . 
 the stereo blared as soon as ethan turned the ignition . 
 it was a fast , raging song , and ethan dove quickly for the dial and snapped it off . 
 the wheel squeaked as he maneuvered into the street and drove away . 
 emma 's nails pressed hard into her thighs . 
 she watched the mercer house grow smaller and smaller in the side mirror until it was no longer visible . 
 `` what 's this all about ? '' 
 ethan 's low voice pierced the silence . 
 `` it 's hard to explain , '' emma answered . 
 they passed the park where she and ethan had played tennis . 
 big floodlights illuminated one of the courts , but no one was there . 
 next they drove past the complex that contained the nail salon where she and laurel had gotten manicures . 
 then la encantada , where she and madeline had shopped . 
 the road for hollier curved to the left ; a big one-armed cactus pointed the way . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 emma slumped down in the seat . 
 where could she go ? 
 what about the police ? 
 would they believe her now ? 
 could she get them to search laurel 's room and find the video ? 
 then she took a deep breath . 
 `` the bus station down-town . '' 
 ethan 's eyebrows did a quick lift-and-drop . 
 `` the one near hotel congress ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` you taking a trip ? '' 
 emma hugged her chest . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 he nodded toward her feet . 
 `` without shoes ? '' 
 `` i 'll figure it out . '' 
 ethan gave her a strange look , then took a left turn at the next intersection and merged onto the highway . 
 it was sparse at this time of night , the concrete lanes empty far into the distance . 
 neon signs for highway businesses peppered the drive . 
 great dane trucking . 
 motel six . 
 a tall cowboy hat for arby 's . 
 lights glittered on the mountain . 
 a helicopter zoomed overhead . 
 `` can i ask why you 're fleeing your own party ? '' 
 ethan asked as he veered off the highway at an exit . 
 emma leaned her head against the seat . 
 `` i just need to ... go . 
 it 's too crazy to explain . '' 
 the light turned green , and he made a left at an intersection . 
 they drove in silence for a while on a dark , hilly road . 
 for a few minutes , there was n't a single light anywhere . 
 no cars passed them going the other direction . 
 no houses loomed at the curbs . 
 emma frowned and glanced at the receding highway behind her . 
 the city lights were all in the other direction . 
 `` i think you took a wrong turn . '' 
 `` no , i did n't . '' 
 emma continued to watch the city fade in the rearview mirror . 
 the street rose and dipped . 
 ethan took another turn , but this road was even more desolate than the last . 
 dusty gravel crunched under the tires . 
 tall cacti passed within an inch of the car . 
 emma 's heart suddenly started to thump . 
 `` ethan , this is the wrong way , '' she insisted . 
 ethan did n't answer her . 
 he maneuvered the car up a small slope . 
 lights twinkled in the distance , as far away as the stars . 
 emma felt the scratches on her neck from the near-strangulation last weekend . 
 her mouth immediately felt dry . 
 she peeked at ethan 's profile . 
 his eyes were narrowed . 
 his jaw jutted out . 
 his hands gripped the steering wheel hard . 
 `` emma ... '' i cried weakly . 
 something about this suddenly seemed really wrong . 
 emma 's stomach turned over . 
 slowly , carefully , she reached for the door handle and started to pull . 
 click . 
 the tiny knob that locked the door depressed all on its own . 
 emma hit the button to unlock the door , but it would n't budge . 
 `` stop the car ! '' 
 she shrieked , suddenly reeling with fear . 
 `` stop the car now ! '' 
 ethan hit the brake so hard that emma shot forward , ramming her arm against the glove box . 
 the car lurched back again . 
 the engine idled loudly . 
 she squinted in the flinty darkness . 
 as far as she could tell , they were in the middle of a barren , empty desert . 
 this was n't even a road . 
 `` what ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 she turned to ethan , trembling . 
 the tears flowed freely and easily down her cheeks . 
 `` i want out . 
 please unlock the door . 
 please . '' 
 `` settle down , '' ethan said gently . 
 he unbuckled his seat belt and turned so that he was facing her . 
 then he grabbed emma 's wrist . 
 not tightly exactly , but not very loosely either . 
 `` i just wanted to get us far away from where anyone could see or hear us . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 emma wailed . 
 all kinds of awful possibilities flashed through her mind . 
 `` there 's something i think i know , '' ethan 's voice dropped a half octave . 
 `` something i do n't think you want anyone else to know . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 ethan 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed . 
 `` you 're not who you say you are . '' 
 emma blinked hard . 
 `` i-i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` you 're not sutton . 
 you ca n't be . '' 
 the words sliced through emma 's brain . 
 she opened her mouth , but no sounds came out . 
 how could he know that ? 
 slowly , she felt the door handle with her free hand . 
 it still did n't open . 
 `` of course i 'm sutton , '' she said , her voice shaking . 
 her heart pounded . 
 `` you 're acting nothing like her . '' 
 emma swallowed awkwardly . 
 she was beginning to feel woozy . 
 `` h-how would you know ? '' 
 ethan leaned forward a little . 
 `` for a while i thought sutton had changed-ever since that night you showed up in my driveway . 
 but tonight you 're totally different . 
 you 're someone else , '' ethan said in a lonely , sad voice . 
 `` it 's freaking me out . 
 so you 'd better tell me what 's going on . '' 
 emma stared at him , her body stricken with fear . 
 but as ethan talked , things started to whirl in my head . 
 ethan 's lost , haunting smile . 
 the smell of the desert plants , the dust . 
 the feel of someone pulling something soft over my head and squeezing something thin and sharp around my neck . 
 a giggle . 
 all of a sudden , a chain reaction went off in my head . 
 lights sparking other lights . 
 images rolling into new images . 
 and just like that , a new , lucid memory unfurled before me , like a red carpet unrolled for a queen . 
 all i could do was watch helplessly ... . 
 chapter 31 not funny , bitches the blurry , shadowed figure grabs my shoulders and pulls me out of the trunk . 
 i bang my knee on the side of the car and twist my ankle on the hard ground . 
 hands press against my shoulder blades and shove me forward . 
 i pitch my head down , trying to get a look at the ground beneath me , but it 's too dark . 
 i can smell a desert fire somewhere in the distance , but i have no idea where i am . 
 i could be in tucson . 
 i could be on the moon . 
 the same hands push me to sitting . 
 the bones in my butt dig into what feels like a wooden folding chair . 
 i make a couple of muffled cries , the gag in my mouth sopping wet from my saliva . 
 `` shut up , '' someone hisses . 
 i try to kick whoever is near me , but my feet grope in thin air . 
 there 's more crunching through gravel , and then a tiny electronic ping . 
 through the blindfold , i see a small led beam staring at me . 
 i bite down hard on the gag . 
 `` go , '' a voice whispers . 
 a girl . 
 more crunching footsteps . 
 and then someone 's hands grab my neck . 
 the chain of the locket i always wear pulls against my throat . 
 my head jerks back . 
 i wriggle my hands in their binds , but i ca n't free them . 
 my bare feet thrash , hitting the cold , rough ground . 
 `` harder , '' i hear a voice whisper . 
 `` a little higher , '' says another . 
 the chain digs into my throat . 
 i try to breathe , but my airway ca n't expand . 
 my lungs scream for air . 
 my whole body starts to burn . 
 i thrash my head forward and see the little red light still watching me . 
 two shapes hover behind the light , too . 
 i can see whites of teeth , glitters of jewelry . 
 i 'm dying , i think . 
 they 're killing me . 
 my vision starts to turn gray . 
 spots appear in front of my eyes . 
 my head throbs , my brain desperate for oxygen . 
 i want to fight , but all at once i 'm too weak to kick or wriggle . 
 my lungs shudder , wanting to give up . 
 maybe it would be easier to give up . 
 one by one , each muscle surrenders . 
 it 's like a delicious reprieve , like falling into bed after a long tennis match . 
 all sounds around me dribble away . 
 my vision narrows until it 's a tunnel of light . 
 even the chain collapsing my windpipe does n't hurt so much anymore . 
 i feel my head flop forward , my neck no longer rigid . 
 darkness envelops me . 
 i see no visions . 
 i 'm still afraid , but the fear feels muffled now . 
 it 's too much effort to fight . 
 from far within my head , i hear sharp whispers . 
 someone calls my name . 
 then there 's a muffled scream , and then more footsteps . 
 something heavy hits the ground with a muted thud . 
 seconds later , my skin vaguely registers the sensation of someone pulling the blindfold from my head and the gag from my mouth . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 a soft voice calls . 
 a guy 's voice . 
 wind whips across my face . 
 i feel my hair tickle my forehead . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 the same voice calls again . 
 consciousness begins to dribble back to me . 
 the tips of my fingers tingle . 
 my lungs expand . 
 a spot appears in front of my eyes , and then another . 
 one of my eyelids flutters . 
 i stare groggily around , feeling just like i had when i 'd woken up from the anesthesia after i 'd gotten my tonsils out . 
 where am i ? 
 my vision clears and i see an empty tripod in front of me . 
 a video camera lays tipped over on the grass , the red led power button now flashing . 
 i 'm in a clearing of some sort , though i do n't see any cars or lights . 
 the air smells a little like a cigarette . 
 then i notice someone crouching right next to me . 
 i jump and stiffen . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 whoever it is cries . 
 he touches the rope on my hands . 
 `` jesus , '' he says under his breath . 
 i take him in , still so disoriented . 
 he has close-cropped hair , startling blue eyes , and is wearing a black t-shirt , green cargo shorts , and black converse sneakers . 
 the blindfold that had just been covering my face is in his left hand . 
 for a moment i wonder if he is the one who did this to me , but the look on his face is such a mix of disgust and concern that i immediately dismiss the idea . 
 `` i ca n't really see that well , '' i say in a hoarse , scratchy voice . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 `` it 's ethan , '' he says . 
 `` ethan landry . '' 
 i blink hard . 
 ethan landry . 
 my brain feels like it 's slogging through mud . 
 i ca n't quite think who he is for a minute . 
 i remember a brooding boy roaming the halls . 
 a hopeful face watching me from across a parking lot . 
 `` w-what happened ? '' 
 i ask faintly . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 ethan reaches down to untie my hands . 
 `` i saw someone strangling you . 
 i ran into the clearing and they took off . '' 
 `` they threw me in a trunk , '' i murmur . 
 `` someone dragged me here . '' 
 `` did you see who ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 then i gaze at ethan , trying to figure out what i know about him . 
 why i do n't like him . 
 maybe it 's just one of those things-we have n't liked him for so long we forgot what started it . 
 but it suddenly feels like he 's my only friend in the world . 
 crack . 
 twigs snap behind me , and i turn . 
 three figures emerge from the trees and scamper toward me . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 charlotte cries , stepping into the light . 
 madeline follows . 
 and then laurel appears , a ski mask in her hand . 
 she looks like she might cry . 
 ethan gapes at them . 
 `` this was a joke ? '' 
 `` uh , duh . '' 
 madeline scoops up the video camera from the ground . 
 `` sutton knew it all along . '' 
 ethan stands in front of me protectively . 
 `` you almost killed her . '' 
 the girls pause and exchange a glance . 
 laurel licks her lips . 
 madeline slips the camera into her bag . 
 finally , charlotte sniffs and tosses her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` what were you doing following us anyway ? 
 stalker . '' 
 ethan looks at me for a moment . 
 i turn away , feeling both vulnerable and humiliated . 
 he waves his hand dismissively and backs away toward the brush . 
 but as madeline bends down to cut through the knots around my hands , i catch his eye again . 
 thank you , i covertly mouth , my heart banging steadily but firmly in my chest . 
 ethan nods , resigned . 
 you 're welcome , he mouths back . 
 and then , just like that , everything fades out once more . 
 my memory has hit yet another dead end . 
 chapter 32 the bitter truth in the car , ethan was still gazing intently at emma . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` i 'm sutton , '' emma answered , trembling . 
 `` i swear . '' 
 `` you 're not . '' 
 a sad smile appeared on ethan 's face . 
 `` just tell me the truth . '' 
 emma stared at his glowing teeth in the darkness . 
 she glanced around at the dark desert before them . 
 a terrible thought crackled through her head like a lightning bolt : he sounded so sure . 
 but how could he be positive , unless ... `` did ... did you kill her ? 
 is that how you know ? '' 
 ethan jolted back . 
 he triple blinked , his face turning gray . 
 `` kill her ? 
 sutton 's ... dead ? '' 
 emma bit hard on her lip . 
 ethan looked shattered . 
 `` she was murdered , '' she admitted in a tiny voice . 
 `` i think someone strangled her . 
 someone she knows . 
 i saw it on a video . '' 
 ethan frowned . 
 `` strangled ? '' 
 `` with this necklace . '' 
 she lifted the locket from under her dress to show him . 
 `` in the woods . 
 her friends caught it all on tape . 
 they even posted it online . '' 
 ethan 's gaze shifted to the right . 
 a horrified look of understanding swept over his face . 
 `` oh . 
 oh . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 ethan sank back into the seat and covered his face with his hands . 
 `` was she blindfolded in this video ? '' 
 `` yes ... '' ethan took a deep breath and looked at her again . 
 `` i was there that night . '' 
 emma blinked hard . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 `` i was riding my bike when i saw this familiar car whip past , '' he explained . 
 `` i recognized it by the swan lake mafia sticker on the back window-madeline and i had assigned parking spots next to each other last year . 
 it stuck in my head . '' 
 emma gulped . 
 `` i do n't know why , but something made me follow them down this hill into a clearing , '' ethan went on . 
 `` by the time i got there , the camera had been set up and they 'd just started strangling sutton . 
 i did n't know what was going on or why they were doing it , but it seriously looked like they 'd killed her . '' 
 emma sat completely still as ethan explained what had happened : just as sutton had lost consciousness , he 'd run into the clearing . 
 the girls screamed and hid , knocking the camera off its tripod . 
 he ran to sutton and worked to untie her hands . 
 `` sutton was still breathing , '' he told emma . 
 `` she came around . '' 
 emma stared out the dark windshield . 
 `` so ... you were that person at the end of the video who took the blindfold off her ? 
 you saved her ? '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 he cleared his throat and went on . 
 `` but see , after that night , i did n't hear anything from sutton . 
 not that i thought she owed me anything , but it would 've been nice to get ... i do n't know . 
 a real thank-you , maybe . 
 so when you approached me outside nisha 's party , i figured that 's what was about to happen . 
 something seemed off that night though . 
 different . 
 the way you talked about bitch stars ... your sense of humor . 
 and every time i saw you after that , i kept getting that same nagging feeling . 
 you were ... sweet . 
 and funny . 
 and interesting . 
 and ... remorseful . 
 the sutton i knew-everyone knew-wouldn ' t have felt bad about anything , ever . 
 so i started to wonder if she had multiple personalities . 
 or had had , like , a spiritual awakening that made her not so ... hard . '' 
 he pressed his thumbs into his eye sockets . 
 `` whatever happened , i started to kind of fall for her . '' 
 `` that was me , '' emma said quietly , staring at her lap . 
 `` i was that girl at nisha 's party . 
 and every time after that . 
 not sutton . '' 
 ethan ran his tongue over his teeth , nodding slowly . 
 `` so ... who are you ? '' 
 a firecracker boomed in the distance . 
 after it finished crackling , emma took a breath . 
 `` i 'm sutton 's twin . 
 well , long-lost twin . 
 we never knew each other . 
 i did n't even get to meet her once . '' 
 ethan stared at her without blinking . 
 `` hold up . 
 long-lost twin ? 
 like , for real ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` start from the beginning . '' 
 and then the whole story exploded from inside emma , desperate to get out . 
 `` i tried to leave , '' she explained when she got through explaining the sutton 's dead note . 
 `` i did n't want to be stuck in her life . 
 but her killer saw me at the bus station , i guess . 
 and they cornered me in charlotte 's house and said they 'd kill me if i tried to leave again . '' 
 she shut her eyes , the feeling of the locket against her neck was as fresh and vivid as though it had happened just moments ago . 
 `` sutton 's friends and her sister were the only people who knew i 'd tried to leave . 
 and charlotte 's house is locked up like a fortress . 
 it must have been someone who was already inside-one of sutton 's friends . 
 they tried to strangle me just like they strangled sutton that night in the woods . 
 the night they killed her . '' 
 ethan shook his head vehemently . 
 `` i 'm not saying her friends did n't kill sutton , but if they did , it was n't the night the video was made . 
 that happened two weeks before you got here . 
 and everyone left after i stopped it . 
 sutton included . 
 she was fine . '' 
 `` she left with them ? '' 
 emma asked , shocked . 
 a conflicted look crossed ethan 's face . 
 `` sutton and her friends pull crap like that all the time . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 emma rubbed her temples . 
 `` i never realized they got that dangerous though . '' 
 all at once , it began to rain . 
 the drops on the windshield sounded like tiny bombs going off . 
 emma looked at ethan . 
 `` i have to get out of here . '' 
 ethan frowned . 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 `` anywhere . '' 
 fresh , terrified tears cascaded down emma 's cheeks . 
 `` i 'll get on the first bus that comes along . 
 i ca n't stay . 
 this is insane . '' 
 ethan sat back in the seat , the leather making a crinkling noise . 
 `` are you sure that 's a good idea ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he turned toward her , biting hard on his thumb . 
 `` it 's just ... you tried to leave once already , and that did n't work out . 
 who 's to say this time will go any better ? '' 
 `` but ... '' emma stared frantically out the window at the tall cacti silhouettes . 
 `` it 's my only chance . '' 
 they were both silent for a moment . 
 a police car whipped past on a road in the distance . 
 its blue and red lights punctuated the otherwise coal-black night . 
 `` but ... '' ethan began , tentatively . 
 `` what if leaving is what the killer wants you to do ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 emma crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` the killer wants me to stay here and be her . '' 
 `` hear me out . 
 if sutton 's really ... dead , maybe whoever did this is trying to frame you for her murder . 
 they know you 're a foster kid . 
 they know your life was probably hard . 
 it wo n't be rocket science to prove . 
 if you leave , everyone will know sutton is missing . 
 do n't you think whoever did this will tip off the cops that you 've been impersonating her for two weeks ? 
 and do n't you think you 'll be the person the cops will immediately suspect of killing sutton ? '' 
 emma let her hands fall limply to her lap . 
 would they ? 
 `` it 's just , sutton had a really charmed life , '' ethan said quietly , gazing out the window at the crescent moon . 
 `` she 's popular , she 's well-off , she gets everything she wants . 
 and from everything you 've said ... you 're not . 
 while sutton got a nice house in scottsdale , you ended up in foster care . 
 it 's seriously not fair , emma . 
 lots of people in your position would do anything to switch places with their twin sister . '' 
 emma 's mouth fell open . 
 `` i 'd never kill her ! '' 
 ethan waved his hands in surrender . 
 `` i know you would n't . 
 but ... some people are awful . 
 some people automatically assume the worst . 
 they might make judgments about you without looking into who you really are . '' 
 emma blinked . 
 the walls of the car began to close in on her . 
 she certainly knew about the awful people in this world making judgments . 
 look at clarice-she 'd assumed emma had stolen her money over her thuggish son , simply because she thought that was what foster kids always did . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma whispered , covering her head with her arms . 
 ethan was right . 
 he leaned in and , after a moment , pulled her into a hug . 
 he squeezed hard and buried his head into the crook of her neck . 
 sobs shook emma 's body . 
 i watched as they stayed that way for minutes , clinging to each other . 
 i wished i was emma so badly . 
 i wanted to hug someone-maybe ethan-right now , too . 
 then ethan sat back and gazed at emma . 
 his light eyes crinkled with concern . 
 the corners of his pink , kissable lips arced up in a compassionate smile . 
 he had a sooty splotch on his cheek that emma wanted to reach out and wipe away . 
 `` god , '' he whispered . 
 `` you look exactly like her . '' 
 `` that 's how it works with identical twins , '' emma said softly . 
 her mouth wobbled into a smile , but then a new sob rushed in . 
 ethan touched her chin . 
 `` stay . 
 if sutton really was killed , we 'll find who did it . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' emma murmured . 
 `` you ca n't let whoever did this get away with it , '' ethan insisted . 
 `` i 'll help you . 
 i promise . 
 and when we have proof , we can go back to the cops and they 'll have to believe you . '' 
 the rain abruptly stopped . 
 far in the distance , a coyote howled . 
 emma felt like she 'd been holding her breath for hours . 
 she gazed into ethan 's endless blue eyes . 
 `` okay , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'll stay . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 ethan leaned forward and squeezed her shoulder . 
 emma shut her eyes , the touch of his hands on her bare skin sending sparks down her back . 
 she hoped this was the right decision . 
 she hoped she had n't just made an enormous mistake . 
 i hoped so , too . 
 chapter 33 look out , sutton 's back a while later , ethan dropped emma off at the foot of sutton 's driveway . 
 most of the lights in the house were still on , though all of the cars were gone . 
 when emma opened the door , drake bounded over to her and licked her arm . 
 the same fear did n't paralyze her muscles anymore . 
 she supposed she was getting used to him . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 laurel ran in from the living room and threw her arms around emma 's neck . 
 `` we 've been looking all over for you ! '' 
 then she stood back and looked emma up and down . 
 `` why did you run off like that ? 
 you took off from us like the driveway was on fire ! '' 
 `` i just needed to be alone , '' emma admitted , hoping the lie she 'd concocted in ethan 's car sounded believable . 
 `` i-something weird happened with garrett . '' 
 laurel 's eyes were saucers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma sank into the love seat and hugged a pillow into her chest . 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 she stared at the credenza across the room . 
 someone had brought all of the birthday presents in from the patio . 
 she wondered if sutton 's room still looked like a honeymoon suite . 
 `` did you have fun tonight , otherwise ? '' 
 laurel asked . 
 an apprehensive look crossed her face . 
 emma looked away . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 definitely , '' she lied . 
 informative , yes . 
 terrifying , definitely . 
 but fun ? 
 not even close . 
 `` you were n't ... mad about anything ? '' 
 laurel flicked the tassels on the pillow . 
 `` charlotte said you might 've gone into my room . 
 and that you might 've ... seen something . 
 and then you ran crazily from us in the driveway ... . '' 
 emma leaned into the cushions . 
 even though she wanted to admit that she 'd seen the video , even though she wanted to believe laurel , sutton 's sister , was innocent in all this , trusting her was dangerous . 
 emma 's brain swirled with what she needed to do . 
 according to ethan , the snuff film had happened almost a month ago-not the day before emma had arrived . 
 that meant sutton had been around for weeks after that video was made and before her death . 
 for all emma knew , the strangling incident , the snuff film , had blown over long ago . 
 but what had happened in between ? 
 emma looked up and regarded laurel coldly , her face drained of feeling . 
 all at once she knew what she should do . 
 `` i did see something in your room , '' she said in a monotone . 
 color drained from laurel 's face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma rose to her feet and slowly advanced toward laurel . 
 laurel gasped when emma wrapped her hands around her neck . 
 her eyes bulged . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 she whimpered . 
 emma froze for a long moment , her hands lightly around laurel 's throat . 
 then she pulled away , rolled her eyes , and smacked sutton 's sister playfully on the cheek . 
 `` gotcha , bitch . '' 
 it took a few seconds for relief to flood across laurel 's face . 
 she sat back in the chair and ran her hands over her throat . 
 `` you are so evil . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but now we 're even . '' 
 emma breezily returned to her seat . 
 but her hands trembled as she moved a pillow out of the way . 
 none of this was going to be easy . 
 she was back to square one again-everyone was a suspect . 
 `` there 's our birthday girl ! '' 
 mrs. mercer 's voice rang out from the hall . 
 she swept into the living room . 
 mr. mercer followed with four cupcakes on a pink plate . 
 a sparkler candle stuck out of the biggest one , which he positioned on the coffee table right in front of emma . 
 red velvet . 
 her favorite . 
 mrs. mercer perched on the ottoman , lifting her hands as though conducting an orchestra . 
 `` ready , everyone ? '' 
 they launched into a rousing version of `` happy birthday , '' mr. mercer trilling the high notes , laurel singing loudly and strongly off-key . 
 this was the first time this many people had sung `` happy birthday '' to emma all at the same time . 
 when the song was over , mrs. mercer wrapped her arms around emma 's shoulders . 
 mr. mercer followed , then laurel . 
 `` happy birthday , baby girl , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 `` we love you . '' 
 `` now make a wish , '' mr. mercer instructed . 
 the sparkler on the cupcake crackled and snapped . 
 emma leaned forward and closed her eyes . 
 her birthday wish had been the same ever since becky vanished : for a family . 
 and now , amazingly , backwardly , technically , it had finally come true . 
 but there was something bigger emma needed to wish for now , something that eclipsed all of that : to find who had murdered her twin sister , sutton . 
 once and for all . 
 i leaned in close . 
 that was what i wanted , too . 
 even dead girls deserved birthday wishes . 
 emma repeated the wish once , twice , three times in her head and exhaled strongly , like she was blowing away all her past . 
 the sparkler flickered and went out . 
 everyone applauded and emma smiled . 
 and so did i. my sister had blown out the candle in one breath . 
 that meant our wishes were definitely going to come true . 
 epilogue i hung around my bedroom as she got ready to go to sleep that night , waiting , thinking . 
 staring at the items that used to be mine . 
 waiting for memories to come . 
 they did n't . 
 the three flashbacks i 'd been given back blazed through my head on a continuous loop : my friends ' cruel giggles . 
 the necklace pulling at my throat . 
 the desperate look in ethan 's eyes as he waited for me to breathe again . 
 but what had happened after that memory-and that video-ended ? 
 my friends might not have killed me that night , but someone got me later . 
 it could have been madeline or charlotte or laurel ... but it also could have been someone else . 
 whoever had pulled this off was doing quite an acting job though . 
 there were still so many possibilities and questions , too . 
 what had i done to deserve such a horrible prank from my bffs , anyway ? 
 the lying game was all about one-upmanship-so what had warranted my almost murder ? 
 and what about our poor twitter twins , excluded from the lying game 's inner sanctum ? 
 they claimed they had a lot of killer prank ideas up their sleeves-killer being the operative word . 
 and then there was the mysterious missing thayer vega . 
 would we ever hear from him again ? 
 would we ever find out what i 'd done ? 
 a guy disappearing shortly before a girl 's murder seemed awfully suspicious ... i watched emma as she floated toward sleep , her face untroubled and unsuspecting . 
 i wished we could 've had one day together , one hour . 
 i wished i could whisper in her ear and tell her what i knew for sure : always sleep with one eye open . 
 never take anything for granted . 
 your best friends might just be your enemies . 
 most important , she should n't trust a single thing she knew about me yet . 
 i was n't sure how i knew , but something deep inside , something i could n't quite comprehend , told me i was the trickiest member of the lying game by far . 
 sweet dreams , long-lost twin sister . 
 i 'll see you in the morning ... even though you wo n't see me . 
