 prologue dead like me i 'd always thought the afterlife would be like an eternal stay at a resort on st. barts-hot french waiters bringing me fruity drinks until the end of time , the azure caribbean sky in a permanent sunset , a cool ocean breeze tickling my forever tanned skin . 
 it would be my reward for living a full , fabulous , long life . 
 i could n't have been more wrong . 
 instead i died days before my eighteenth birthday and what was supposed to be an amazing senior year . 
 and rather than sipping a mojito on a white-sand beach , i woke up in las vegas , tethered to a twin sister i never knew i had . 
 i watched as emma paxton was forced into my life and had to begin impersonating me . 
 i watched as she sat at my place at the table with my family and giggled with my friends , pretending she 'd known them forever . 
 i watched her read my journal , sleep in my bed , and try to figure out who killed me . 
 and i seemed to be stuck here until further notice . 
 everywhere emma went , i went , too . 
 everything she knew , i knew as well-the problem was , i did n't know much beyond that . 
 my life before i died was a question mark . 
 certain things have come back to me-like how i was n't exactly the nicest girl at hollier high , how i took for granted all the things i 'd been given in life , and how i 'd made plenty of enemies by playing vicious pranks on people who did n't deserve it . 
 but everything else was a blank , including how i died , and who murdered me . 
 one thing i did know was that my killer was now watching emma 's every move right along with me , making sure that she plays along . 
 i was a breath away when emma found a note saying i was dead and warning her that if she did n't pretend to be me , she 'd be dead , too . 
 i felt the stars explode behind emma 's eyes when she was nearly strangled during a sleepover at my best friend charlotte 's house . 
 i had a front-row seat when a light fixture in the school 's auditorium careened toward her head . 
 they were all warnings . 
 my killer had been so close . 
 and yet , neither of us had seen who it was . 
 it was up to my twin to catch my killer , and there was nothing i could do to help . 
 it was n't like i could communicate with her . 
 emma had cleared my best friends , charlotte chamberlain , madeline vega , and gabby and lili fiorello , as murder suspects-they each had alibis for the night of my death . 
 but the alibi she 'd been counting on to clear my adoptive little sister , laurel , suddenly was n't so airtight . 
 now i watched as my family sat on chaise lounges at the local country club , shading their eyes from the brutal tucson sun . 
 emma settled into a seat next to laurel and buried her nose in a magazine , but i could tell she was studying my sister as closely as i was . 
 laurel pored over a leather-bound beverage menu through the shade of thick black gucci sunglasses , then casually rubbed a dollop of tanning oil on her shoulders as though she did n't have a care in the world . 
 fury streaked through me . 
 i 'll never feel the sun on my skin again and it might be because of her . 
 she had a motive , after all . 
 we shared a secret crush-and i was the one who got thayer in the end . 
 my mother pulled her blackberry from her straw kate spade beach tote . 
 `` you wo n't believe the way the rsvps are pouring in for saturday , ted , '' she murmured , staring at the screen . 
 `` it looks like you 'll be turning fifty-five with a bang . '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' my dad said absently . 
 it was unclear whether he really heard her . 
 he was too busy looking across the pool at a tall , muscular boy running a hand through his dark hair . 
 speak of the devil . 
 thayer vega himself . 
 my heart thumped as emma glanced in thayer 's direction . 
 laurel 's gaze turned , too . 
 no matter how cool my younger sister tried to play it , she could n't hide the flash of hope that passed over her face . 
 not on your life , i thought angrily . 
 i may be dead , but thayer belongs to me-and only me . 
 we 'd had a secret relationship when i was alive , something that i 'd only fully remembered a few days before . 
 for a time , it had seemed like thayer could have been my killer-we 'd had a secret rendezvous the night i died . 
 but thankfully , emma had cleared him-someone had hit him with my volvo , maybe aiming for me . 
 laurel had whisked thayer off to the hospital , where he 'd remained all night . 
 i was relieved he was n't the one who did it ... until i realized that maybe the person who did was sitting next to emma right now . 
 just because laurel took thayer to the hospital did n't mean she stayed with him . 
 she could have come back to give me a piece of her mind ... or to finish me off forever . 
 we all watched as thayer climbed the metal steps of the diving board . 
 he stalked to the end of the board , limping slightly , and tested the spring with a few bounces . 
 his stomach muscles rippled as he gathered momentum . 
 he raised his tanned arms above his head and dived into the water , cutting the still surface with his perfect form . 
 he stayed under for the length of the pool , little bubbles rising to the surface in his wake . 
 i could almost feel the butterflies fluttering in my no-longer-there stomach as i watched him move beneath the water . 
 something about thayer vega still made me feel so alive and it took me a moment to realize that i was n't . 
 laurel 's lips flattened into a grim line when thayer surfaced and grinned at emma , and i realized something else . 
 if emma 's not careful , she 'll end up just like me . 
 1 do n't feed the earthlings emma paxton leaned in close to the saturn-shaped mirror in the tucson planetarium and pursed her lips as she reapplied a coat of cherry-flavored gloss . 
 the entire dimly lit bathroom was astronomy-themed . 
 the bathroom stalls were decorated with glow-in-the-dark star stickers , and the trash cans were in the shapes of rocket ships . 
 a sign above the sink read welcome , earthlings . 
 two bobble-headed aliens stood on the g , their stubby fingers lifted in a wave . 
 taking a deep breath , emma stared at herself in the mirror . 
 `` this is your first official date with ethan , '' she said to her reflection . 
 she drew the last word out , savoring it . 
 she could n't remember the last time she 'd been this excited about a guy-she 'd dated guys before , but she moved around from foster home to foster home too often to ever really fall for someone . 
 but lately , everything in her life had changed . 
 a new home , a new family , and a new hot guy , ethan landry . 
 and a new identity , too , i wanted to add as i floated behind her , watching her in the mirror . 
 as usual , my reflection was n't anywhere to be seen . 
 it had been that way ever since i popped into emma 's life when she was still living in las vegas . 
 for all intents and purposes , emma was n't emma anymore . 
 she was me , sutton mercer . 
 other than my killer , ethan was the only person who knew her true identity . 
 he was even helping emma figure out what happened to me . 
 emma 's phone pinged with a text . 
 it was ethan . 
 here . 
 just got tickets . 
 be out in a second ! 
 she typed back . 
 emma dried her hands , then pushed through the swinging door , fiddling with sutton 's locket . 
 her heart picked up speed when she spotted ethan leaning against a curved , carpeted wall across the crowded room . 
 she loved how broad his shoulders looked in his gray polo and the way his hair fell into his dark blue eyes . 
 his navy blue chuck taylors were unlaced , his hunter green t-shirt hugged his well-defined arms , and his jeans were perfectly broken in . 
 she snaked around the line of people waiting to get into the planetarium and tapped him on the shoulder . 
 he turned around . 
 `` oh , hey . '' 
 `` hey , '' emma said , feeling suddenly shy . 
 the last time she 'd seen ethan things had ended a little awkwardly . 
 thayer vega had shown up at her house , and emma had n't introduced ethan as her boyfriend . 
 it had seemed cruel , somehow , to tell the boy who 'd loved sutton so desperately that she 'd moved on . 
 she 'd called ethan later to explain , and he 'd seemed to understand . 
 but what if he had n't ? 
 before she had a chance to say anything , though , ethan pulled emma to him , and their lips met in a kiss . 
 emma sighed . 
 lucky , i thought . 
 what i would n't give to kiss someone again , although thayer would be my top pick . 
 i was happy for emma , but i hoped all those love chemicals did n't distract her from the real task at hand : figuring out what the hell had happened to me . 
 `` this looks fun , '' emma said , lacing her fingers through his when they broke apart . 
 `` thanks for bringing me here . '' 
 `` thanks for coming . '' 
 ethan pulled two tickets out of his back pocket . 
 `` it seemed appropriate for our first official date . 
 it reminds me of how we first met , '' he said a little bashfully . 
 emma blushed . 
 this was definitely at least number three or four on the top ten cutest ethan moments list . 
 the night she 'd arrived in tucson , before he 'd even figured out who she was , they 'd looked up at the sky together , and emma had told him how she named stars . 
 instead of making fun of her , ethan had found it interesting . 
 ethan walked toward the planetarium entrance . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked as they stepped along a maroon-painted floor through heavy black curtains . 
 emma smiled at him as they slipped into darkness . 
 the air was cool and the room was silent . 
 through the glass ceiling above them , they could see the tiny blinking stars that dotted the night sky . 
 for a moment she just stood there , getting lost in the complex patterns of the constellations . 
 the sky was so vast and overwhelming , and for a few breaths at least , she was able to forget how complicated her own life had become . 
 it did n't matter that she was playing someone else and putting her own life on hold . 
 it did n't matter that her sister had been murdered and her latest suspect was sutton 's younger sister , laurel , whom she 'd thought was at nisha banerjee 's sleepover the night of the crime , but had slipped away to take thayer to the hospital after someone had hit him with sutton 's car . 
 in comparison to the massive scope of the universe , nothing on earth really mattered . 
 `` we still have a little while until the comet , '' ethan said , pressing a button on his diver 's watch to illuminate the time . 
 `` want to check out the exhibits in the other rooms ? '' 
 while new age music played , ethan and emma stopped in front of an exhibit called the dirty snowballs of our solar system . 
 it showed how comets form . 
 ethan coughed , then strutted up to a picture of a swirling comet and spoke in a high-pitched , nerdy voice . 
 `` so , you see , comets start out as chunks of rock and ice left over from the formation of stars and planets . 
 and then the balls of rock get close to the sun , and the sun 's heat melts some of the ice . 
 how do you like that , missy ? '' 
 he hitched up his pants and rubbed his nose , and emma suddenly realized he was impersonating mr. beardsley , their science teacher at hollier . 
 she burst out laughing . 
 mr. beardsley was a zillion years old , forever talking in that nerdy voice , and calling all the girls `` missy '' and all the guys `` son . '' 
 `` you 're good , '' she said , `` but to really nail it , you have to lick your lips a bit more . 
 and pick your nose . '' 
 ethan made a face . 
 `` the idea of that guy picking his nose and then touching my test paper ... '' `` horrifying . '' 
 emma shivered . 
 `` i wish teachers made space more interesting , '' ethan said , strolling to the next exhibit . 
 his brow furrowed in concentration as he studied the photograph . 
 his deep-set blue eyes glanced over the words written below it , his lips moving the tiniest bit as he read . 
 `` they make it so dry and bland , it 's no wonder no one cares . '' 
 `` i know what you mean , '' emma said . 
 `` that 's why i like star trek : the next generation . 
 they make space so fantastical that you do n't even realize when you 're learning something . '' 
 ethan 's light eyes widened . 
 `` you 're a trekkie ? '' 
 `` guilty . '' 
 emma ducked her head , immediately cringing that she 'd revealed something so dorky . 
 i quickly glanced around . 
 thank god no one i knew was in this place to overhear emma 's shameful admission . 
 the last thing i needed to hit the gossip mill was that sutton mercer was into the ultimate nerd tv show . 
 ethan just grinned . 
 `` wow . 
 you really are the perfect girl . 
 i started a next generation fan club in seventh grade . 
 i thought we could have marathon parties , dress up as our favorite characters , go to the convention , that sort of stuff . 
 shockingly no one joined . '' 
 emma rolled her eyes . 
 `` i would have . 
 i always had to watch the show alone . 
 i could n't tell you how many foster brothers and sisters made fun of me for it . '' 
 `` tell you what , '' ethan said . 
 `` how about we have a trekkie marathon party one of these days ? 
 i have dvds of all the seasons . '' 
 `` deal , '' emma answered , resting her head on his shoulder . 
 ethan looked down at her . 
 a slight flush passed over his face . 
 `` any chance this trekkie has a shot at taking you to the harvest dance ? '' 
 `` i think that could be arranged , '' emma said coyly . 
 a headline flashed through her mind : foster girl gets asked to harvest dance : miracle ! 
 she 'd been making up diary headlines for her life ever since she could remember , and this was one for the front page . 
 there had been posters for the school 's harvest dance up for a while now , touting the band they 'd hired for the festivities , the float parade , and , of course , the harvest dance king and queen . 
 it was the kind of dance out of a movie , something emma never thought she 'd attend . 
 her mind played images of ethan dressed in a dark suit , his arms around her waist as they slow-danced . 
 she pictured the dress she 'd wear from sutton 's closet , a short teal one that looked great against her pale skin and chestnut-brown hair . 
 she 'd feel like a princess . 
 i wanted to shake her . 
 did n't she know sutton mercer always got new dresses for dances ? 
 a small child darted past emma and pressed his hands against the glass in front of the comet display , breaking her from her reverie . 
 she focused on the exhibit in front of them , a photograph of a black hole surrounded by a navy sky spotted with blazing stars . 
 a black hole is a region of space in which nothing , not even light , can escape , read a placard next to the photo . 
 emma shivered , suddenly thinking of sutton . 
 was this where she was now ? 
 was this what the afterlife looked like ? 
 uh , not exactly , i thought . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 ethan asked , his brows knit in concern . 
 `` you just got really pale . '' 
 `` um , i need some air , '' emma mumbled , feeling light-headed . 
 ethan nodded and led her out the door marked exit and into a circular courtyard . 
 six stone paths were arranged like the spokes of a wheel . 
 in the center was a massive , antique black telescope . 
 hedges opened up into a small alley , and across the road was a homey restaurant called pedro 's . 
 colorful mexican pots sat in the windows , and chili-pepper lights were strung from the ceiling . 
 emma and ethan sat on a bench . 
 she took several deep breaths as a wave of guilt crashed over her . 
 `` thinking about sutton , are n't you ? '' 
 ethan asked , as if reading her mind . 
 emma looked up at him . 
 `` maybe i should n't be kissing boys and getting excited about going to dances when my sister 's dead . '' 
 ethan 's fingers curled around hers . 
 `` but do n't you think she 'd want you to be happy , too ? '' 
 emma shut her eyes , hoping that was what sutton wanted . 
 but just thinking of sutton reminded emma she was in her own version of a black hole : sutton 's life . 
 if she tried to escape being sutton mercer , she might die . 
 even if sutton 's killer was found , emma would be exposed as a fraud-and then what would happen ? 
 she dreamed of the mercer family taking her in and sutton 's friends welcoming her with open arms , but everyone might be furious that she duped them . 
 `` i want to be with you , '' she said to ethan after a long beat . 
 `` not as sutton . 
 as me . 
 i 'm afraid that will never happen . '' 
 `` of course it will . '' 
 ethan cupped her chin in his hands . 
 `` all this will be over some day . 
 whatever happens , i 'll be there for you . '' 
 emma felt such a rush of gratitude that tears came to her eyes . 
 she moved closer to ethan , her hip pressing against his . 
 she felt fluttery again as she gazed into his lake-blue eyes and smelled his woodsy aftershave . 
 ethan leaned in until his lips were a breath away from hers . 
 she was about to kiss him when she heard a familiar laugh . 
 emma 's head snapped up . 
 `` is that ... ? '' 
 two figures were being seated on pedro 's outdoor patio . 
 one had blond hair and wore a pink sweater , and the other had on baggy pants and walked with a limp . 
 `` laurel and thayer , '' ethan whispered grimly , then made a face . 
 `` well , there goes my idea for dinner afterward . '' 
 laurel shook back her golden hair and slipped her arm through thayer 's . 
 she did it casually , and for a moment , emma wondered if laurel did n't see her . 
 but then laurel 's eyes cut across the street directly to emma . 
 a tiny hint of a smile appeared on her face . 
 not only did she know emma was there , but she was squeezing thayer 's arm for emma 's benefit . 
 bitch , i thought . 
 laurel had resented my secret relationship with thayer for a long time . 
 i 'm sure she 'd been waiting for this moment forever . 
 thayer turned , too , and lifted his hand in a half-wave . 
 emma smiled back , but ethan 's hand tightened on emma 's protectively . 
 emma turned to him . 
 `` look , i know you do n't like him , '' she said in a low voice . 
 `` but he 's not dangerous . 
 there 's no way he could have killed sutton . 
 he was in the hospital all night , remember ? '' 
 ethan looked like he had more to say on the topic , but he let out a sigh instead . 
 `` yeah , '' he said grudgingly . 
 `` i guess . 
 so where does that leave us ? 
 is there anyone we suspect right now ? '' 
 emma 's gaze shifted to laurel , who was peering at emma over the menu . 
 `` remember how i thought laurel was at nisha 's the night sutton disappeared ? '' 
 `` yeah , for the tennis team sleepover , '' ethan said , nodding . 
 `` well she was n't . 
 at least not for the whole time . '' 
 ethan 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 emma drummed her fingertips on the bench 's wrought-iron armrest . 
 `` laurel is the one who picked thayer up the night he was hit with the car . 
 she 's the one who drove him to the hospital . 
 she could n't be in two places at once . 
 and if she lied about that ... '' ethan leaned forward , a light coming on in his eyes . 
 `` you think she dropped thayer off at the hospital , then went back to the canyon to kill sutton ? '' 
 `` i hope not . 
 but i ca n't rule her out if i do n't know where she actually was . 
 i need to find out if she went back to nisha 's or if she was out all night . '' 
 she fidgeted with the hem of sutton 's black cotton miniskirt . 
 `` i 've spent more time with laurel than anyone else since i got to tucson , but i do n't completely understand her . 
 one second , she 's sweet . 
 and the next , she acts like she wants to kill me . '' 
 `` you 've told me yourself that things between sutton and laurel seemed ... strained . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 mrs. mercer talked to me about it last week . 
 she said laurel 's always been jealous of me-i mean , of sutton . '' 
 emma shook her head slightly . 
 the longer she play-acted her sister , the fuzzier the line became where sutton ended and she began . 
 ethan glanced across to pedro 's , where laurel and thayer were sharing a basket of tortilla chips . 
 `` maybe . 
 but from the outside , at least , it seemed like sutton might have been jealous of laurel , too . 
 after all , laurel is the mercers ' biological daughter . 
 it always seemed like being adopted made sutton feel a little ... lost . 
 i saw her in the library at school once poring over a book on genealogy . 
 the look on her face ... '' ethan hesitated . 
 `` well , i 'd never seen sutton mercer look sad before . '' 
 a swell of vulnerability hit me like wave . 
 i had no memory of that , but ever since i 'd woken up at emma 's place in las vegas , i 'd felt a deep , familiar ache that had nothing to do with being dead . 
 i 'd always known i was adopted , and my parents had told me over and over that i was special because they 'd chosen me to be their daughter . 
 but the thought that my real mom had n't wanted me made me feel adrift and empty , like a piece of me was permanently missing . 
 but how had ethan , whom i 'd barely known , seen through me like that ? 
 was i more transparent than i thought ? 
 `` i guess laurel had what sutton never could-a biological family , '' emma said softly , knowing exactly how her twin felt . 
 when she was five years old , her and sutton 's birth mother , becky , had left her at a friend 's house ... and never come back . 
 emma sighed deeply . 
 `` laurel just seems so angry . 
 she was able to keep a lid on it until thayer showed up in sutton 's room and mr. mercer called the cops on him . 
 but now that he 's back , it feels like she 'd do anything to keep him away from the girl he thinks is sutton-the girl laurel knows he loves . '' 
 `` what 's the saying ? 
 that people kill for money , love , or revenge ? '' 
 ethan asked , rubbing his hands together as a cool breeze blew through the courtyard . 
 `` maybe she wanted to get rid of the competition . '' 
 `` well , she certainly accomplished that . 
 it looks like they 're on a date . '' 
 emma glanced across the courtyard again . 
 thayer rested a hand on laurel 's shoulder . 
 she fed him a chip loaded with guacamole , then shot another self-satisfied smirk in emma 's direction . 
 emma wondered what happened to caleb , laurel 's boyfriend as of yesterday . 
 laurel probably did n't even remember his name . 
 i followed emma 's gaze back over to my little sister . 
 thayer was now giving his order to the waitress , his posture easy and natural . 
 laurel watched him adoringly , hugging the pale pink sweater-wrap that engulfed her tiny frame . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 i recognized that sweater . 
 it , like thayer , was mine . 
 maybe my mom and ethan were right-maybe laurel wanted everything that was mine . 
 and maybe , just maybe , she had killed me to get it all . 
 2 to grandmother 's house we go the following evening , emma turned into the mercers ' neighborhood , groaning as her feet pushed the pedal . 
 `` the pain , '' she grumbled . 
 they 'd just had the worst tennis practice ever-it had involved a five-mile run before a grueling scrimmage and drills-and she could barely move her legs . 
 why could n't sutton have just been a couch potato ? 
 laurel sat in the passenger seat , scrolling through her iphone and ignoring emma 's comment , even though she had to be in agony , too . 
 `` so did you have a nice date with thayer last night ? '' 
 emma could n't help but ask . 
 laurel looked up and gave her a saccharine smile . 
 `` yes , as a matter of fact . 
 it was really romantic-i think we might even go to the harvest dance together . '' 
 `` what about caleb ? '' 
 laurel blinked , caught off guard . 
 `` caleb and i never were exclusive , '' she said after a moment . 
 emma sniffed . 
 it certainly looked that way at the homecoming dance , she wanted to say . 
 `` why do you care , anyway ? '' 
 laurel snapped , turning back to her phone . 
 `` now that you have ethan ? '' 
 emma flinched at the disgusted way laurel said ethan 's name . 
 sutton 's friends had seemed pretty accepting of him , laurel especially . 
 she 'd been the one who 'd encouraged her to come clean with their friends about their romance . 
 but was that an act ? 
 or , if laurel had killed sutton , was it a secret wink-wink , nudge-nudge as if to say , i know you 're not my real sister . 
 i know you never cared about thayer . 
 `` no , i do n't care , '' emma said tightly . 
 `` i was just making conversation . '' 
 but i cared . 
 what if thayer did like my sister ? 
 would he do that to me ? 
 then again , he probably figured i 'd abandoned him for ethan . 
 if only he knew the truth . 
 emma turned up the mercers ' driveway . 
 the sun was setting behind their two-story adobe home , a home emma had gawked at when she 'd first laid eyes on it . 
 she still had trouble accepting that she actually lived here . 
 the orange rays glinted off mr. mercer 's range rover . 
 next to it was a gleaming black cadillac emma had never seen before . 
 its california license plate said foxy 70 . 
 `` whose car is that ? '' 
 emma asked , turning off the ignition . 
 laurel gave her a funny look . 
 `` uh , grandma 's ? '' 
 she said in a duh voice . 
 heat rose to emma 's cheeks . 
 `` oh , right . 
 i knew that . 
 she just has n't been here in a while . '' 
 she was used to covering for her i 'm - not-sutton gaffes by now , not that she felt any more graceful about it . 
 and , of course , grandma mercer would be yet another person emma had to fool into believing she was sutton . 
 laurel was already climbing out of the car . 
 `` sweet , '' she said , tossing a lock of honey-blond hair over her shoulder . 
 `` dad 's grilling . '' 
 and with that , she slammed the door . 
 emma pulled up the parking brake . 
 she 'd forgotten mr. mercer 's mom was flying in for his fifty-fifth birthday party , which mrs. mercer had been frantically planning for the past few weeks . 
 so far , she 'd arranged the caterers , organized a band , pored over the guest list , micromanaged the seating arrangements , and dealt with dozens of other details . 
 grandma was here to help , too . 
 with a deep , fortifying breath , emma climbed out and lifted her tennis bag from the trunk . 
 she followed laurel along a stone path that led to the mercers ' backyard . 
 a woman 's gravelly , throaty laugh cut through the air , and as soon as emma turned the corner , she saw mr. mercer standing at the grill , holding a tray of skewered veggies . 
 next to him was a well-preserved older woman holding a martini . 
 she was pretty much what emma pictured when she imagined a grandma mercer : poised , classy , elegant . 
 the woman 's face broke into a cool smile when she saw the girls . 
 `` darlings . '' 
 `` hey , grandma ! '' 
 laurel called out . 
 the old woman moved toward them , amazingly not spilling a single drop of alcohol onto the stone patio . 
 she looked laurel up and down . 
 `` gorgeous , as usual . '' 
 then , she turned to emma and gave her a big hug . 
 her pearl necklace jabbed into emma 's collarbone , and she felt surprisingly solid for such a petite woman . 
 emma returned the hug , inhaling the woman 's gardenia perfume . 
 when sutton 's grandmother pulled away , she held emma at arm 's length and examined her closely . 
 `` my goodness , '' she said , shaking her head . 
 `` i 've obviously been gone too long . 
 you look so ... different . '' 
 emma tried not to squirm in the woman 's grip . 
 different was n't exactly the look she was going for . 
 sutton 's grandmother squinted . 
 `` is it your hair ? '' 
 she put a bony , perfectly manicured finger to her lips . 
 `` what 's with the bangs in your eyes ? 
 how can you see ? '' 
 `` it 's the way everyone 's wearing them these days , '' emma said , pushing her bangs out of her eyes . 
 she 'd let them grow a little because sutton 's bangs were this long , too , but deep down , she agreed with sutton 's grandmother . 
 grandma wrinkled her nose , not satisfied . 
 `` you and i need to have a little talk , '' she said sharply . 
 `` i hear you 're still giving your parents trouble ? '' 
 `` trouble ? '' 
 emma squeaked . 
 grandma 's mouth became a straight line . 
 `` something about shoplifting from a boutique not so long ago . '' 
 emma 's throat went dry . 
 it was true that she 'd stolen a purse from a boutique to gain access to sutton 's police file-quinlan , a detective on the force , had a huge folder on sutton full of various lying game pranks she 'd played throughout the years . 
 as grandma stared unwaveringly at emma , a memory zoomed back to me : i was sitting in my bedroom about to upload tennis team pictures to facebook when i heard voices in the living room . 
 camera in hand , i tiptoed to the staircase , straining to hear . 
 it sounded like grandma and my dad were arguing , but about what ? 
 and that 's when my brand-new digital camera slipped from my hand and landed on the top step with a thud . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 my dad said . 
 he and my grandmother moved from the living room to the base of the stairs before i could scamper off . 
 they stared at me in the same way grandma was looking at emma right now . 
 `` we 've moved past that , '' mr. mercer said , flipping steaks on the grill . 
 he was wearing a black apron with a coiled rattlesnake on the front , and his graying hair was combed off his forehead . 
 `` she 's been doing really well lately , actually . 
 got the highest grade on a german test recently . 
 she 's getting good grades in english and history as well . '' 
 `` you 're too easy on her , '' grandma snapped . 
 `` was she even punished for what she did ? '' 
 mr. mercer seemed to wilt a little . 
 `` well , yes . 
 she was grounded . '' 
 grandma guffawed . 
 `` for what ? 
 a day ? '' 
 actually , mr. mercer had lifted the grounding early . 
 everyone shut their mouths awkwardly , and for a few long beats , the only sounds were the sizzling grill and the calling birds . 
 emma glanced at grandma mercer , who was staring at her son . 
 it was strange to see someone boss mr. mercer around . 
 after a beat , mr. mercer cleared his throat . 
 `` so , girls . 
 chicken or steak ? '' 
 `` chicken , please , '' emma said , eager to change the subject . 
 she took a seat next to laurel on one of the green patio chairs assembled around a glass outdoor table . 
 the patio door creaked open , and out bounded drake , the mercers ' enormous great dane . 
 as usual , he made a beeline straight for emma-it was like he sensed she was uncomfortable with dogs and was trying his hardest to make her like him . 
 tentatively she stuck out her hand and let him lick it . 
 she 'd been afraid of dogs ever since a chow bit her , but she was slowly getting used to the massive animal . 
 mrs. mercer emerged from the house next , a blue-and-white-checkered tablecloth in one hand and her blackberry , which was always ringing , in the other . 
 her expression was drawn , but when she saw her daughters sitting at the table , she broke into a smile . 
 even when mrs. mercer was stressed , the sight of emma and laurel seemed to lift her mood . 
 it was a new experience for emma . 
 usually parent-types looked at her with a tight-lipped , where 's - my-paycheck expression . 
 `` so , girls . 
 how was practice ? '' 
 mrs. mercer raised the checkered cloth in the air and let it settle over the glass table . 
 `` murder . '' 
 laurel grabbed a carrot stick from a vegetable platter on the grill and crunched down on it loudly . 
 emma flinched at laurel 's choice of word , but forced a tired smile on her face . 
 `` we had a five-mile run , '' she explained . 
 `` in addition to tennis drills ? '' 
 mrs. mercer squeezed emma 's shoulder . 
 `` you must be exhausted . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` i 'll definitely need a hot shower tonight . '' 
 `` i need one , too , '' laurel said petulantly . 
 `` do n't take one of your thirty-minute soaks . '' 
 emma opened her mouth , about to tell laurel she 'd never take a thirty-minute soak , but then she realized that was probably something sutton did . 
 she 'd started another list as well : ways i 'm not sutton . 
 it helped her remember who she was amidst all this . 
 when she 'd come to tucson , all she 'd brought was a small duffel , which had been stolen when she arrived . 
 the rest of her belongings-her guitar , her savings , and the secondhand laptop she 'd gotten at a pawn shop-were stashed in a locker at the vegas bus station . 
 lately , it felt like she 'd left her identity in that locker , too . 
 the only person she kept in contact with from her old life was her best friend , alex stokes , who she 'd barely spoken to since she got to tucson . 
 alex thought emma was living happily with sutton at the mercers ' . 
 emma could n't tell her the truth , and all the lies made the distance between them feel too great to cross . 
 mr. mercer swooped up to the table and set down five plates full of grilled food . 
 `` chicken for my girls , steak for me and grandma-medium rare-and super-well-done for my beautiful wife . '' 
 he pushed a lock of hair out of mrs. mercer 's eyes and gave her a kiss on the cheek . 
 emma smiled . 
 it was nice to see that two people could be together for decades and still be so solid . 
 rarely did she ever live with a foster family who had two parents who lived together , let alone loved each other . 
 it was something i noticed now that i was dead , too-my parents did really care for each other . 
 they finished each other 's sentences . 
 they were still affectionate and sweet to one another . 
 it was never something i 'd appreciated when i was alive . 
 grandma mercer turned her steely blue eyes on mr. mercer . 
 `` you look thin , dear . 
 are you eating enough ? '' 
 mr. mercer chuckled . 
 `` seriously ? 
 my washboard abs are no more . '' 
 `` he eats plenty . 
 trust me , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 `` you should see our grocery bills . '' 
 then her blackberry chimed , and she glanced at the screen and frowned . 
 `` i do n't believe it . 
 the party is on saturday , and now the florist tells me she ca n't do desert globemallows in the table bouquets . 
 i really wanted to keep all the flowers and plants native to arizona , but i may have to do a few bouquets of calla lilies if the florist ca n't get her act together . '' 
 emma laughed good-naturedly . 
 `` tragic , mom ! '' 
 sutton 's grandmother 's clear blue eyes narrowed , her face suddenly hard . 
 `` attitude , '' she warned . 
 her voice was so sharp it could cut glass . 
 emma 's cheeks burned . 
 `` i was just kidding , '' she said in a tiny voice . 
 `` i highly doubt that , '' grandma said , spearing her steak . 
 yet again , there was a long , awkward silence . 
 mr. mercer dabbed at his mouth with his napkin , and mrs. mercer fiddled with the chanel bangle around her wrist . 
 emma wondered what subtext she was missing here . 
 i racked my foggy memory for an answer , but i could n't come up with anything . 
 grandma definitely had it in for me , though . 
 mrs. mercer looked around the table , then shut her eyes . 
 `` i forgot the pitcher of water and the glasses . 
 girls , can you go inside and get them ? '' 
 she sounded weary , as though grandma had drained her of strength . 
 `` sure , '' laurel said brightly . 
 emma rose , too , eager to get away from grandma . 
 they made their way into the spanish-tiled kitchen . 
 the dark soapstone countertops gleamed , and pineapple-themed dish towels hung neatly from the oven handle . 
 emma was just grabbing the water pitcher when she felt a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` sutton , '' mr. mercer said in a hushed voice . 
 `` laurel . '' 
 laurel froze with a tray of ice-filled glasses in her hand . 
 `` i heard thayer is coming back to school tomorrow , '' mr. mercer said , shutting the patio door . 
 the sound of grandma critiquing mrs. mercer 's choice of salsa music for the party instantly evaporated . 
 `` just because he 's out of jail does n't change anything . 
 i want you two to keep your distance . '' 
 laurel set her mouth in a line . 
 `` but dad , he 's my best friend . 
 you did n't have a problem with him before . '' 
 mr. mercer 's eyebrows shot up . 
 `` that was before he broke into our house , laurel . 
 people change . '' 
 laurel lowered her head and shrugged . 
 she did n't , emma noticed , make any mention of going on a date with thayer yesterday . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 mr. mercer stared at emma next . 
 `` um , i 'll stay away , '' emma mumbled . 
 `` i mean it , girls , '' mr. mercer said sternly . 
 he stared straight at emma when he spoke , and once again , emma wondered what subtext she was missing . 
 `` if i find out that you 're hanging out with him , there will be consequences . '' 
 and then he turned on his heel and marched back to the patio . 
 as soon as he shut the door , laurel faced emma . 
 there was a sickly smile on her face . 
 `` that was smart to not mention seeing us last night , '' she said icily . 
 emma made a face . 
 `` if thayer means that much to you , you should have said something . 
 convinced dad not to worry . '' 
 laurel flicked her blond hair off her shoulder and stepped closer . 
 her breath smelled like spicy barbecue sauce . 
 `` we all know dad can be overprotective . 
 if you know what 's good for you , you 'll keep your mouth shut . 
 got it ? '' 
 emma nodded faintly . 
 after laurel turned toward the patio , emma crumpled against the island , suddenly exhausted . 
 if you know what 's good for you . 
 was that ... a threat ? 
 i did n't know either . 
 and i was n't eager to find out . 
 3 volleying with the enemy by the time the mercers finished dinner , the sun had set , the frogs had started croaking , and there was a chill to the air . 
 emma had a pile of german homework , but being in the same house as laurel without being able to make any headway on the investigation filled her with restless adrenaline . 
 though she was still aching from practice , she found herself slipping on gray leggings and taking off for the tennis courts down the block . 
 she did n't plan on hitting the ball very hard . 
 the courts were empty . 
 only a few people were out walking their dogs on the trails , and a couple was talking quietly by a mini cooper in the parking lot . 
 emma selected the far court , which had a solid wall for solo play , and dropped three quarters into the meter that turned on the overhead lights . 
 a pop sounded as she pried open a new container of fuzzy yellow balls . 
 she bounced one on her racket a few times before lobbing it gently into the wall , the previous aches and pains from the grueling practice melting away . 
 it felt good to hit the ball over and over , losing herself in her thoughts . 
 could laurel have killed sutton ? 
 emma did n't have any proof , but she also did n't have proof that laurel did n't do it , either . 
 if only she could find something personal of laurel 's , like a diary-or her cell phone . 
 laurel guarded the thing with her life , but maybe there was a way to get her hands on it . 
 of course there was one other way to figure out if laurel had an alibi for that night : asking thayer if she 'd stayed with him at the hospital . 
 the idea of talking with thayer was nerve-racking . 
 emma had fooled everyone except ethan into thinking she was sutton , but thayer and sutton had major history ; they 'd been in love . 
 but the same reason that made it scary made it intriguing-emma was so curious about sutton , and thayer knew her better than anyone . 
 i 'd give anything to see thayer as much as possible , even if i could n't touch him . 
 on the other hand , if thayer did n't realize emma was n't me after spending time with her , well , i was n't sure i could deal with that . 
 suddenly , the overhead lights snapped off , leaving emma in darkness . 
 she bent over her legs , breathing hard , letting the ball bounce off the wall and roll to the other end of the court . 
 footsteps rustled in the grass beside the court , and she stood up , tensed . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 emma called . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 the tennis courts had been emma and ethan 's meeting place since her arrival in tucson , though they had n't planned to get together that night . 
 there was no answer , but she heard rustling sounds in the underbrush surrounding the courts . 
 her eyes not yet adjusted to the darkness , emma inched closer to the backboard and felt her way along the smooth wood . 
 the toe of her sneaker touched the chain-link fence , making a clink sound . 
 she froze , knowing she 'd just given away her position . 
 a second later , the electricity powered back on , flooding the court with light and illuminating a figure standing at the edge of the court . 
 emma screamed . 
 the figure whipped around and screamed , too . 
 but then emma saw who it was : nisha banerjee , sutton 's rival and tennis cocaptain . 
 emma collapsed against the fence , pressing her hands to her eyes . 
 `` nisha ! 
 you scared the shit out of me ! '' 
 `` you were the one lurking on the court in the dark ! '' 
 nisha cried . 
 for a moment , she looked furious , but then she dissolved into giggles . 
 `` god . 
 we both screamed like six-year-olds who just saw their first horror movie . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 emma breathed out , willing her heart to slow down . 
 `` we 're pathetic , huh ? '' 
 nisha took a few steps toward her . 
 she was wearing a red adidas tennis dress and matching wrist sweatbands . 
 her pristine sneakers were tied with tiny bows and her black hair was tucked behind a violet-colored headband . 
 but even though she looked perfect , her eyes were glassy , and her fingers trembled ever so slightly . 
 nisha was not someone who liked being even the slightest bit out of control . 
 `` you playing solo ? '' 
 nisha asked . 
 emma nodded . 
 `` oh . 
 i was going to do that , too , '' nisha said . 
 she ducked her head and tucked her racket under her arm . 
 `` i 'll leave you to it , then . '' 
 but then she gave emma a long glance . 
 her brown eyes looked tired , and there were sloping circles beneath them . 
 emma softened . 
 she was so used to sparring with nisha , but right now , the girl looked weary and a little bit shy . 
 she looked different to me , too . 
 it was strange seeing people from such a removed perspective , like everything i 'd once thought to be true about them was nothing more than a carefully constructed facade . 
 emma cleared her throat . 
 `` why are n't you playing at the courts closer to your house ? '' 
 nisha lived near sabino canyon , and emma had seen a court at the entrance to her neighborhood . 
 nisha shrugged . 
 `` it was crowded . 
 and i felt like being alone . '' 
 emma spun her racket in her hand . 
 `` well , since we 're both here , do you want to volley ? '' 
 nisha 's jaw twitched . 
 emma could tell by the tiny flutter of her eyelashes that nisha had wanted her to ask exactly that . 
 `` um , sure , '' she said , playing it cool . 
 `` if you want . '' 
 `` i do , '' emma said , realizing it was true . 
 she had never seen the girl look vulnerable , and something about it struck a chord . 
 but there was something else she 'd thought of , too : nisha had been laurel 's alibi on august thirty-first , the night sutton went missing . 
 she 'd told emma that laurel had been at her house the whole night , when laurel definitely had n't . 
 had nisha lied ? 
 or had laurel snuck out after nisha had fallen asleep ? 
 they strolled to opposite sides of the court . 
 nisha adjusted her tennis skirt , and emma snickered . 
 `` i have to say . 
 only you would dress like serena williams on a dark and abandoned court , nisha , '' she teased , tossing the ball high in the air and whacking it hard . 
 `` i 'll take that as a compliment , '' nisha said as the ball whizzed toward her . 
 she slammed the ball hard . 
 emma lunged for it , but it flew past her , clanking against the chain-link fence . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 emma laughed . 
 `` love-fifteen , '' she said , trotting over to retrieve the ball . 
 this time she hit a mild shot over the net , which nisha easily returned , setting the tone for a friendly volley . 
 they played a few rounds , both of them remarking how amazing it was that they still had energy after today 's grueling practice . 
 after emma hit a backhand into the net , nisha took a break to drink from her water bottle . 
 `` i hear you 're dating ethan landry . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' emma said , blushing a little . 
 nisha wiped her mouth . 
 `` so he actually talks , then ? '' 
 `` sure he talks . 
 a lot . '' 
 `` that 's news to me . '' 
 nisha placed her water bottle on the bench . 
 `` my mom used to call him silent e . 
 we took the same bus , and he never said one word to me-or anyone-the entire eighth-grade school year . '' 
 `` he 's just shy , '' emma mumbled , having forgotten that nisha and ethan were neighbors . 
 it hurt to hear about ethan 's quiet days . 
 she hated that he had n't had many friends . 
 `` well , shy 's cool . '' 
 nisha swung her legs , then gave emma a jealous glance . 
 `` and he 's certainly gorgeous . '' 
 that was more like it . 
 `` i know , '' emma said , shivering with pleasure , thinking about the kisses she 'd shared with ethan at the planetarium last night . 
 `` what 's going on with you and garrett ? '' 
 nisha had shown up with sutton 's ex at the homecoming dance a few weeks ago , looking very pleased with herself . 
 nisha shrugged . 
 `` nothing really . '' 
 then she took another sip of water and changed the subject . 
 `` remember when we were little , and we used to count how many shots we could get back and forth before one of us messed up ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` our own world records , '' she went on , deepening her voice to sound like a sports announcer . 
 emma smiled to herself . 
 for as many items she 'd put on the ways i 'm not sutton list , there were so many quirky things they did that were just the same . 
 she 'd counted volleys with her russian foster brother , stephan , when they 'd played endless rounds of ping-pong in the basement . 
 even now she often found herself counting in practice and matches out of habit . 
 `` that feels like an eternity ago , '' nisha went on . 
 `` i always liked it when you and laurel included me . '' 
 then her lips tightened , like she 'd said too much . 
 she took a hard pull from the water bottle . 
 `` anyway , '' she said toughly . 
 `` ready for me to whip your ass some more ? '' 
 but emma did n't move . 
 `` it 's lonely to be an only child , '' she said softly . 
 nisha looked at her sharply . 
 `` it 's not like you 'd know . 
 you have laurel . '' 
 emma bit her lip and looked away . 
 she 'd been talking about herself , of course-even with all of her foster brothers and sisters , she still felt adrift and alone . 
 she 'd longed for a brother or a sister-family of some kind . 
 it was one of those moments where she wanted to tell nisha about her experience , but could n't . 
 then nisha sighed . 
 `` but you 're right , it is lonely . 
 especially now that my mom is ... gone . 
 i love my dad , but he 's not exactly great company . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 she knew that nisha 's mom had died over the summer , but nisha had never once mentioned it . 
 right now , though , it seemed like she wanted to talk about it . 
 like she wanted someone to listen . 
 `` you guys were really close , huh ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 a cloud passed over the moon . 
 a roadrunner darted across the parking lot . 
 nisha traced the nike logo on her water bottle . 
 `` we loved to cook together and make these massive indian feasts . 
 my mom thought i was too thin . 
 she was always trying to fatten me up . '' 
 `` that seems to be a mom thing , '' emma said , thinking of grandma mercer and her son . 
 `` do you still ... talk to her ? '' 
 nisha gave emma a strange look , her face reddening . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 emma stared at the white net in the middle of the court . 
 `` it was just a guess . 
 i talk to my birth mom . '' 
 nisha raised an eyebrow . 
 `` but you 've never even met your birth mom . '' 
 `` i know , '' emma said quickly . 
 `` but i know she 's out there . 
 and i wonder about her all the time . 
 when things get really hard , i talk to her . 
 she always listens . '' 
 she smiled wryly . 
 imaginary becky was much more attentive than real becky had ever been . 
 nisha rolled the tennis ball under her palm . 
 `` i talk to her while i 'm in the car , '' she said quietly . 
 `` talking to her in my house seems risky-i do n't want my dad to hear . 
 but when i 'm driving to school or wherever , i have whole monologues with her . 
 when i pause at stoplights , still talking to myself , i can see people looking . 
 they probably just assume i 'm on a bluetooth or something , not talking to my dead mother . '' 
 suddenly , she drew back and stared at emma as though she 'd forgotten emma was there . 
 `` you probably think that 's super-freaky , huh ? 
 are you going to tell your friends about this ? '' 
 she asked , blinking rapidly . 
 `` i wo n't ! '' 
 emma placed her hand over her heart . 
 `` i swear . 
 your secret is safe with me . '' 
 when nisha still looked worried , she lightly touched the girl 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm glad you told me . 
 i think it 's great you talk to her . 
 honestly ? 
 it would be weird if you did n't . '' 
 nisha fiddled with the sweatband around her wrist , still looking embarrassed . 
 `` well , i should get going . 
 that english term paper is calling my name . '' 
 `` yeah , i have about ten minutes before my dad calls the police . 
 he 's been running a tight ship these days . '' 
 emma packed up her bag . 
 as the two girls walked off the court toward the street , matching each other step-for-step , emma realized she 'd forgotten all about asking nisha where laurel really was the night sutton died . 
 instead , she 'd been too busy bonding with sutton 's sworn enemy . 
 and it had been kind of ... nice . 
 i was all for it , as long as emma kept her head . 
 nisha had always been a thorn in my side , and i did n't see her changing now . 
 still , you know what they say : keep your friends close , and your enemies closer . 
 especially when that enemy might know the truth about where emma 's number-one murder suspect was the night i died . 
 4 the ungiving tree on tuesday morning , emma pulled into the lot of hollier high , which was set in the hills of tucson . 
 hundreds of cacti , some spiny , some flowering , served as the landscape . 
 the mountains rose up behind the school , red and majestic . 
 the lot was bustling with students . 
 a jeep full of jocks drove past , an old dave matthews song blaring over the speakers . 
 a group of pretty girls in matching leather jackets swapped lip glosses next to a vintage convertible . 
 school buses huffed around the corner , the track team did a final loop around the field for their morning practice , and a bunch of kids were huddled near the spiny shrubs , trying to hide that they were smoking . 
 as emma got out of the car , two girls in miniskirts walked by , gossiping loudly about thayer . 
 today was his first day back at school . 
 rumors about his absence had been swirling for weeks : that he 'd spent time in jail , that he 'd been working on a major hollywood movie , that he 'd had a sex change . 
 only the first was true : he 'd been in jail for a couple days the other week for trespassing on the mercers ' property and resisting arrest . 
 emma heard a door slam next to her . 
 sutton 's two closest friends , madeline and charlotte , emerged from a black suv . 
 madeline , who had sleek , black hair and a heart-shaped face , was in high-heeled boots , and her slim-cut jeans seemed like they were made specifically for her dancer 's body . 
 the inside of her wrist was tattooed with a single red rose bud , and on the back of her iphone was a sticker that said swan lake mafia . 
 emma still was n't exactly sure what that meant . 
 charlotte , who was slightly pudgy but had beautiful , creamy skin and thick , red hair , slung an enormous monogrammed louis vuitton bag over her shoulder just as a white suv pulled into the space next to them . 
 the twitter twins , lilianna and gabriella , whose only matching features were their blond hair and blue eyes , tumbled out . 
 all of the lying game is present and accounted for , emma thought , thinking about sutton 's pranking clique . 
 well , almost all of the lying game-laurel had evaded emma 's offer to take her to school today , saying she had `` made other arrangements . '' 
 lili clicked over to emma on her black stilettos . 
 `` the administration should just reserve these parking spots for us permanently , '' she trilled , placing a hand on her punkish chain-link necklace . 
 lili and gabby had only become official members of the lying game a few weeks ago , and they brought up their newfound status as often as possible . 
 `` i can just see it now , '' gabby jumped in . '' 
 ` reserved for gabby . ' 
 that would look awesome on a sign . '' 
 she pushed a lock of straight blond hair behind her ear . 
 she was lili 's opposite , wearing a pale pink cashmere shrug , a preppy green polo , skinny jeans , and patent-leather flats with bows on the toes . 
 she looked ready to go to a croquet match . 
 madeline 's phone beeped in her cavernous suede bag . 
 she smiled when she pulled it out . 
 `` my brother is such a dork , '' she said , rolling her eyes happily . 
 her fingers flew across the keyboard as she crafted a response . 
 `` where is thayer ? '' 
 gabby looked around , like he might be hiding behind madeline 's suv . 
 `` he 's coming in a bit later , '' madeline said . 
 `` the principal did n't want him to create a stir before school . 
 he just texted me that he 's hanging out in his room , bored out of his mind , playing mario kart . '' 
 she snickered . 
 `` he has n't played that since he was about nine . '' 
 the first bell rang in the distance , signaling that they had ten minutes before classes started . 
 `` is laurel with him ? '' 
 emma blurted . 
 she had n't meant to say it , but where else could laurel be ? 
 she 'd disappeared this morning with no explanation . 
 madeline looked up sharply . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 emma pressed . 
 `` why do you care ? '' 
 charlotte nudged emma 's side . 
 `` i thought you had a new hottie , sutton . '' 
 `` i do , '' emma insisted . 
 `` i was just - '' `` i wish you would stay away from thayer , '' madeline interrupted . 
 `` i love you , sutton , but you messed him up big time . 
 i ca n't have him running off again . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be with thayer ! '' 
 emma protested through her teeth . 
 `` i was just wondering where laurel was . '' 
 i could n't help but glare at madeline . 
 i had n't messed thayer up . 
 if anything , thayer had messed me up , running off without telling me where he was going , then sneaking back into town to meet me in secluded places like sabino canyon . 
 his limp might have been because of me , but i was n't the one who caused it . 
 `` okay , this convo is officially boring me . '' 
 charlotte tossed her red hair over her shoulder . 
 `` c'mon , guys . 
 i 'm dying for coffee . 
 i barely got any sleep last night . 
 my parents kept me up all night with one of their marathon shout-fests . '' 
 `` lattes on me , '' lili said , adjusting the headband in her hair . 
 charlotte and the twitter twins headed toward the school 's coffee kiosk . 
 emma followed , and madeline fell in step next to her , which emma figured was an olive branch . 
 she tried not to take it personally that madeline had basically barred her from speaking to her brother . 
 she was just being protective of him . 
 they pushed onto the front lawn and took a sharp left , dodging kids carrying instrument cases , a girl with her nose stuck in a book , and a couple making out next to the water fountain . 
 the announcement board was plastered with posters for the harvest dance , most of them featuring a white-silhouetted couple dancing together . 
 when they reached the front entrance , they noticed a crowd gathered just outside the doors . 
 emma 's first thought was that thayer had returned early , but then charlotte stopped short in front of her so quickly that she almost bumped into her back . 
 `` holy shit , '' gabby breathed . 
 madeline pushed her tortoiseshell sunglasses to the top of her head . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 a row of mesquite trees stood sentinel in front of the school . 
 silver streamers were twined through the spindly branches and dozens of lacy bras and blown-up condoms hung from the limbs . 
 penis balloons bobbled around a trunk , which had been spray-painted black . 
 strung across the trees was a sign that read bow down and worship us , bitches . 
 the whole effect was that of a naughty christmas tree-or a vegas bachelorette party gone awry . 
 `` oh my god , '' clara hewlitt , a dark-haired sophomore from the tennis team , breathed , her brown eyes wide . 
 `` it has to be them , '' whispered a lanky junior with a ratty blond ponytail . 
 all eyes clapped on emma and sutton 's friends . 
 emma looked around the courtyard , seeing a lot of faces she recognized , but a lot she still did n't . 
 sutton 's ex , garrett austin , was standing next to his younger sister , louisa , glaring at emma with disdain . 
 lori , a girl from her pottery class , was looking at emma with awe and respect . 
 nisha 's cherry-colored lips were pursed as she read over the graffiti . 
 emma caught her eye but nisha looked away . 
 lili whipped around and looked at emma , madeline , and charlotte . 
 her face was pinched with hurt . 
 `` did you guys leave us out of a prank ? '' 
 charlotte shook her head slowly . 
 `` this was n't us . '' 
 `` honest , '' madeline added quickly . 
 `` not unless i did this while sleepwalking . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 lili brightened . 
 `` well , in that case ... '' she and gabby yanked out their iphones and held it up to the mayhem . 
 `` everyone say twitpic ! '' 
 madeline grabbed the phone from lili 's hand before lili could snap the photo . 
 `` this is n't cool . 
 it 's just lame vandalism . '' 
 lili clapped her mouth closed , looking cowed . 
 `` who do you think did it ? '' 
 madeline scanned the crowd . 
 suddenly her eyes widened . 
 `` over there , '' she hissed , nodding at something near the lamppost . 
 emma followed her gaze . 
 a group of four girls stood in a huddle , their backs to the defaced trees . 
 they all had on dark skinny jeans and converse sneakers and sported edgy haircuts . 
 judging by the tough , bossy look on the face of a blond girl with dip-dyed ends , emma guessed she was the leader . 
 emma could detect an air of satisfaction from each and every one of them . 
 `` no way , '' charlotte whispered . 
 `` i 'm almost positive , '' madeline murmured . 
 `` it has to be them . '' 
 gabby used her phone to zoom in on the girls ' faces . 
 dip-dyed girl looked even meaner and tougher in close-up . 
 `` bitches . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 emma asked , not caring if sutton was supposed to already know . 
 i did n't , though . 
 they looked young , likely freshmen , meaning i never would have met them . 
 i 'd died before the first day of school , and i would n't have been caught dead fraternizing with kids from junior high . 
 `` ariane richards , coco tremont , bethany ramirez , and joanna chen , '' madeline said . 
 `` this sophomore in my dance class told me about them . 
 they were the us of saguaro middle school . 
 but their pranks were super-lame . 
 stealing the school mascot , writing nasty things about girls in lipstick across their lockers , replacing the dry-erase markers with sharpies . '' 
 `` super-lame , '' charlotte said , stifling a yawn . 
 `` they will hereby be known as the devious four , '' lili intoned in a mock-dramatic voice , tapping away on her touch screen . 
 `` and do n't worry , mads . 
 my tweet will put them in their place . '' 
 `` yeah , we 'll see who will be bowing down to who soon enough , '' charlotte said grimly , setting her square jaw . 
 devious four deflower school property , emma headlined silently , running her eyes back over the skanky lingerie . 
 the display was tackier than the shark tattoo her last foster brother , travis , had come home with after a thirty-six-hour drinking binge . 
 `` whoa , '' said a familiar voice . 
 emma turned to see laurel coming up behind them , her blue cotton dress billowing in the breeze . 
 her blond hair gleamed in the sunlight , and her mouth was open so wide emma could see her molars . 
 `` that 's insane . '' 
 at that moment the doors to the school flung open , and ms. ambrose , the principal , burst onto the lawn . 
 the students parted for her-she was making a path straight for emma and the others . 
 emma watched helplessly as the woman strode closer and closer . 
 the corners of the principal 's lips turned down in a frown . 
 the look in her eyes said , you 've crossed the line one too many times , girls . 
 emma put on her best sutton mercer smile . 
 `` hello , ms. ambrose , '' she said sweetly . 
 `` can you believe someone did this ? '' 
 the principal ignored her , grabbing emma 's arm in one hand and laurel 's in the other . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 laurel cried . 
 `` we did n't do this ! '' 
 her cries were drowned out by the stomping feet of two security guards barreling through the crowd . 
 with swift , deft movements , one of the brawny men grabbed charlotte and madeline , and the other took the twitter twins . 
 `` you do n't understand ! '' 
 madeline cried weakly . 
 `` we were set up ! '' 
 charlotte protested . 
 ms. ambrose rolled her eyes . 
 `` you say that every time , girls . 
 you 're coming with us . '' 
 emma felt her legs move under her as the principal pulled her toward the door . 
 just before the crowd closed behind her , she glanced over her shoulder and saw the four freshmen staring at them , huge , ecstatic , we-got-away-with-it smiles on their faces . 
 the girls had probably just wanted to make their mark on the school-literally-but the real damage they 'd done was to the members of the lying game . 
 devious four indeed , i thought angrily . 
 those bitches were going down . 
 5 the devious four ms. ambrose 's office smelled like sugary donuts mixed with old , mildewed books . 
 the walls were covered with cheaply framed photographs , cheesy motivational posters with eagles soaring over glaciers , and a master 's diploma from arizona state . 
 a pamphlet for an educational conference in sedona the following friday sat on the walnut desk , along with several disciplinary files and a red stapler . 
 principal ambrose 's ergonomic chair was pushed back , unoccupied . 
 she had stepped out of the room for a moment , leaving emma and the others in the office alone . 
 the eagle posters sparked a tiny shard of a memory : no doubt i 'd spent lots of time in here . 
 but my other friends-especially laurel and the twitter twins-looked totally spooked . 
 charlotte was sitting next to emma , jiggling her thigh in time with the ticking clock on the principal 's wall . 
 madeline and laurel sat in the two high-backed chairs that faced the desk , staring at their fingernails . 
 the twitter twins were squished into an armchair meant for one person , looking like a human yin-yang symbol . 
 lili let out a long sigh and hunched forward dramatically , resting her face in her hands . 
 `` does anyone have a paper bag i can breathe into ? '' 
 `` calm down , '' madeline said with an eye roll . 
 her porcelain features were set in a stony mask . 
 `` how can you be calm ? '' 
 gabby smoothed a wrinkle in her polo shirt . 
 `` i swear to god , if this gets in the way of my ivy-league dreams i do n't know what i 'll do . '' 
 `` gabs , your grades will get in the way of your ivy-league dreams , '' charlotte snapped . 
 `` and it 's not like they can punish us . 
 we did n't even do anything . '' 
 `` but they think we did , '' lili moaned . 
 charlotte gave her a cold , calculating look . 
 `` you wanted into the lying game . 
 sometimes this comes with the territory . '' 
 `` perhaps you 'd like us to revoke your membership ? '' 
 madeline asked . 
 gabby opened her mouth quickly . 
 but before she could say a word , ms. ambrose swept back in , a pinched look on her doughy face . 
 she looked eerily like a baseball mitt . 
 her brown eyes were the color of old , rotten wood . 
 the skin on her face was folded and worn . 
 she wore her frosted blond hair in a feathered , eighties style-probably the last time she 'd gone to a hairdresser . 
 ms. ambrose sat heavily back into her chair and stared at all of them . 
 `` you girls have spent the last four years turning this school upside down , and i 'm putting a stop to it right now . '' 
 she focused her attention on emma , licking her thin lips hungrily . 
 she was probably dying to get her hands on sutton mercer . 
 little did she know that ship had sailed , i thought grimly . 
 `` ms. ambrose , we did n't do this , '' emma said quickly . 
 `` it was those freshman bitches ! '' 
 lili cried . 
 ms. ambrose whirled around to face lili . 
 `` watch your language , miss fiorello . '' 
 `` ms. ambrose , '' madeline started . 
 `` what lilianna is trying to say is that - '' the principal held up a pudgy hand . 
 `` what i 'm trying to say is that i know it 's you , and the security cameras will show it . '' 
 emma sat back . 
 `` what cameras ? '' 
 she challenged . 
 hollier was a public school . 
 they barely had a budget for security guards , let alone security systems . 
 ms. ambrose 's steely expression wavered slightly , as though she did n't expect emma to call her bluff . 
 emma pushed on . 
 `` if you had cameras , you 'd know it was n't us . '' 
 and if they did have cameras , no doubt the lying game members would have been suspended long before this , she added to herself , thinking of all the videos of pranks she 'd seen on laurel 's computer . 
 several occurred on campus , and one included hanging the school 's american flag upside down on its pole . 
 ms. ambrose pressed her lips together until they almost disappeared . 
 `` either way , once i have proof , i 'll have no trouble expelling all of you . '' 
 `` well , we look forward to seeing that proof , which you 'll have trouble finding , since we did n't do it , '' emma shot back , straightening up . 
 `` and if that 's all , we 're late for homeroom . '' 
 the others jumped up quickly and followed emma out the door . 
 `` miss mercer ! '' 
 ms. ambrose called after her , but emma kept going , even though her heart was hammering hummingbird-fast in her chest . 
 she figured it was something sutton would do . 
 and if there was ever a time to show her friends that she was their fearless leader , it was now . 
 i had to admit i was impressed with emma 's nerve . 
 she was becoming more and more like me by the second . 
 at lunch , emma sat in the petite redbrick patio courtyard just outside the cafeteria , waiting for sutton 's friends to arrive . 
 only seniors and a few select juniors were allowed to eat there , and even though the temperature had dropped , the usual suspects were still holding court . 
 the soccer team sat at the corner table , chowing on subs . 
 garrett craned his neck over the goalie 's head , making it plain that he was glaring at emma . 
 emma flinched and looked away . 
 garrett had had it in for her since the night of sutton 's eighteenth birthday party , when he 'd offered her his body and she 'd blatantly refused . 
 the night of the homecoming dance , he 'd cornered her in the supply room to confront her about dating ethan-and her history with thayer . 
 she did n't have any evidence that he 'd hurt sutton , but she had n't ruled him out as a suspect quite yet . 
 it was possible he 'd known all along that sutton had been sneaking around with thayer and wanted revenge . 
 it was something i 'd thought about , too . 
 garrett was a goody-goody , and i could n't imagine him having the nerve to kill me , but at this point , i was willing to consider anyone a suspect . 
 `` dining alone ? '' 
 a voice said , and emma looked up to see charlotte , a cardboard carton containing four hot beverages in hand . 
 emma breathed in . 
 they smelled like hot chocolate , a nice change from the gallons of coffee sutton and her friends usually drank . 
 `` not anymore , '' emma said , pushing away her german text . 
 charlotte took a seat and pushed her red curls behind her shoulders . 
 `` did you hear that the twitter twins got detention ? '' 
 `` for the prank ? '' 
 charlotte rolled her eyes . 
 `` nah . 
 they got caught tweeting in class . 
 probably to their dad 's lawyer or something . '' 
 emma snorted . 
 `` they need to chill . '' 
 a squeal sounded across the courtyard . 
 a chubby girl in leggings and tory burch flats was pointing at something just out of view . 
 `` it 's thayer vega ! '' 
 a hush fell over the courtyard immediately . 
 charlotte froze , her hot chocolate inches from her lips , and emma edged out of her seat . 
 there , in the doorway , was thayer , with laurel and madeline at his heels . 
 his dark hair hung shaggily around his eyes and he had on a north face down vest and broken-in gray corduroys . 
 he moved across the courtyard confidently-or as confidently as someone could move with a limp . 
 to me , the limp made him even sexier , like he was vulnerable , mortal . 
 then my gaze slid to laurel . 
 she smiled up at him flirtatiously , shaking her honey-blond hair free from its ponytail . 
 he looked down at her with affection . 
 no , i thought . 
 this was my kind of entrance . 
 and thayer was only supposed to look at me like that . 
 the captain of the girls ' soccer team broke the silence . 
 `` thayer vega for harvest dance king ! '' 
 she whooped . 
 a cheer erupted among the students . 
 thayer coughed in embarrassment , then dropped his tray next to emma 's . 
 emma started in surprise . 
 why was n't thayer sitting with the soccer guys ? 
 she glanced at garrett 's table over her shoulder , but none of the boys were even looking thayer 's way . 
 were they all showing solidarity for garrett ? 
 as though reading her mind , thayer nodded at the soccer table . 
 `` apparently i 'm not as useful to them now that i ca n't kick . '' 
 she caught the scent of his minty shampoo as he shifted in his seat to face her . 
 the sun reflected in his eyes , turning them a golden brown . 
 emma drew her bottom lip into her mouth . 
 `` how 's your first day back ? '' 
 `` well , my old soccer buddies aside , i do n't think i 've ever been so popular , '' he said with a hint of a smirk . 
 `` maybe i should go missing more often . '' 
 madeline lowered herself into the seat next to thayer and swatted him . 
 `` do n't even joke about that ! '' 
 then she narrowed her eyes at emma , as if to say , remember what i told you ? 
 emma felt another pair of eyes on her , too : laurel 's . 
 sutton 's sister was glaring fiercely at her , her gaze bouncing from emma 's face to emma 's and thayer 's fingers . 
 emma had n't realized they were almost touching . 
 emma quickly grasped her cup of hot chocolate , angling slightly away from thayer . 
 `` where 's your boyfriend , sutton ? '' 
 laurel said pointedly . 
 `` taking his mom to the doctor , '' emma said coldly . 
 `` where 's your boyfriend ? 
 have you officially dumped him yet ? '' 
 laurel crunched angrily into a carrot stick , not answering . 
 the other people at the table shifted uncomfortably . 
 finally , charlotte cleared her throat . 
 `` so , are you two excited for your dad 's party on saturday ? '' 
 madeline launched into a story about her father 's disastrous birthday party a few years ago . 
 but before she could get to the punch line , a crackling sound blared from the loudspeaker mounted over the doors . 
 `` hello , hollier students , '' came the gravelly voice . 
 `` this is principal ambrose . 
 i have an announcement regarding the harvest dance next friday . '' 
 students perked up across the patio , and conversations ceased . 
 `` due to the recent vandalism to school property , '' ms. ambrose continued , `` i regret to inform the student body that the dance has been canceled . 
 unless the persons responsible step forward , this decision is final . '' 
 everyone collectively gasped . 
 girls groaned . 
 the soccer table looked pissed . 
 one girl actually started crying . 
 emma 's stomach sank . 
 she thought about the moment when ethan asked her to the dance , and how excited she 'd been to see him in a suit . 
 `` told you they did n't have cameras , '' emma said in a defeated voice . 
 `` shit , '' madeline said beneath her breath . 
 `` this is very not good , '' laurel said gravely as all heads turned toward emma , charlotte , madeline , and laurel . 
 the stares were n't friendly . 
 the looks on everyone 's faces said how dare you . 
 the table of girls next to the lying game group stood up in unison and walked away , as though emma and the others were afflicted with the plague . 
 the swish of pom-poms filled the air , and three cheerleaders stalked by and leveled their glares on emma and her friends . 
 `` thanks for ruining everything , '' the tallest one snapped . 
 then she tossed her hair over her shoulder and walked on . 
 charlotte slumped down in her seat . 
 `` i have n't been this ostracized since i was the skinniest girl at fat camp . '' 
 laurel nudged madeline . 
 `` are n't some of those girls in your dance class ? 
 tell them the truth ! '' 
 but madeline 's gaze was on something else . 
 emma swung around . 
 there , sitting just inside the cafeteria , clinking their diet cokes and smirking like they 'd gotten away with murder , were the devious four . 
 emma tried to give them the nastiest look she could , but the girls just stared back , undaunted . 
 i could n't believe the balls these bitches had . 
 where was the respect ? 
 `` we 've got to get them , '' emma murmured . 
 `` how ? '' 
 madeline curled forward over her hogan bag , looking expectantly at emma . 
 `` um , '' emma stalled . 
 she racked her brain for a sutton-worthy idea . 
 `` with another prank . '' 
 `` and , that 's my cue to leave , '' thayer said under his breath . 
 he slipped his black bag over his shoulder and started across the patio . 
 a streak of nerves passed through emma . 
 lately the lying game pranks had been getting out of hand . 
 some of them , like gabby disappearing in the desert , had been downright dangerous . 
 `` what if it 's ... a nice prank ? '' 
 laurel wrinkled her nose . 
 `` why would we be nice to them ? '' 
 but an idea was forming in emma 's mind . 
 `` go with me here . 
 let 's throw our own dance next friday-and keep a very tight guest list . '' 
 she glanced at the girls just inside the cafeteria doors . 
 `` we wo n't invite a certain freshman four , if you know what i mean . '' 
 charlotte let out an excited whoop . 
 `` i love it ! '' 
 `` brilliant ! '' 
 madeline cried . 
 `` it will make everyone love us again , and it excludes the girls that burned us . '' 
 i had to admit that i liked it , too . 
 i was impressed my sister thought of it . 
 and i kind of liked that we were going to pull a prank that did n't target anyone for once . 
 from my new lofty vantage point , it did n't exactly feel good to watch how my friends and i used to treat people-and each other . 
 would things have been different-would i have been different-if emma was in my life before i died ? 
 would she have brought out a better , kinder side of me ? 
 or would being around me have made her as mean as i was ? 
 charlotte flipped her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` i think this calls for a prank-planning session . 
 hot springs , anyone ? '' 
 `` perfect , '' madeline said , just as the bell signaling the end of lunch sounded . 
 `` tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` done . '' 
 emma gathered her books and stuffed them into sutton 's leather satchel . 
 right as she was about to slide from the table , she noticed the devious four once more . 
 they were staring straight at her , watching her every move like a hawk homing in on its prey . 
 look out , sis . 
 when you 're playing with fire , anyone can burn you . 
 even a freshman . 
 6 evidence locker that afternoon , the sun beat down on the hollier tennis team as they went through warm-up stretches . 
 everyone was doing their own versions of yoga poses . 
 clara bent over in a downward-facing dog position . 
 charlotte kicked her leg behind her , stretching her quad . 
 laurel sat a few feet away from everyone else , wrapping sticky white athletic tape around her ankle . 
 she looked lost in thought-probably about thayer . 
 even though phones were n't technically allowed at practice , emma had sutton 's iphone in her palms , reading the most recent text from ethan . 
 so bummed about the dance , he said . 
 do n't be , emma wrote back . 
 my friends and i have an idea that makes up for it . 
 be careful ! 
 ethan warned . 
 do you really want to get into more trouble ? 
 it 's going to be great , emma typed quickly . 
 i promise . 
 hey , are you still up for the game tonight ? 
 there was a boys ' soccer game at wheeler , their rival school , that would clinch their spot in the district finals . 
 as sutton , she was expected to go . 
 as sutton 's boyfriend , ethan was expected to go , too . 
 i guess so , ethan wrote back . 
 emma could feel his hesitation through the phone line . 
 my first soccer game ... and i 'm a senior . 
 lol . 
 if it makes you feel any better , it 's my first game , too , emma wrote back . 
 i 'll pick you up at 7 . 
 `` writing to ethan ? '' 
 charlotte teased , sidling up to emma and plopping down on the bench . 
 emma covered the screen self-consciously . 
 `` how 'd you know ? '' 
 `` because you have a big , dumb , love-struck look on your face . '' 
 charlotte nudged her . 
 `` before the dance was canceled , there were rumors that ethan was going to be voted harvest king . '' 
 emma 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` do n't look so surprised . 
 he 's dating you . 
 of course he 'd be nominated . '' 
 charlotte separated her ponytail down the middle and yanked it tighter . 
 `` are you ready , hollier women ? '' 
 a loud voice boomed . 
 everyone looked over to see coach maggie in shiny navy blue umbros and a white collared hollier tennis shirt , standing with her hands on her h * ps at the edge of the courts . 
 a couple of girls smirked . 
 maggie was always calling them `` hollier women , '' or `` women of hollier , '' or , once : `` women of the racket . '' 
 `` today 's practice will be a test of sheer will , '' maggie went on , pacing along the baseline . 
 `` i 've pitted each of you against the player with whom your skills are most evenly matched . 
 we 'll start with our cocaptains , nisha and sutton . '' 
 she paused dramatically as though expecting a round of applause . 
 when she did n't get one , she tossed two fuzzy tennis balls in nisha 's direction . 
 `` court six , ladies , '' she said , gesturing to the court farthest from where the team sat . 
 charlotte gave emma a sympathetic glance-normally being paired with nisha was n't something sutton exactly celebrated . 
 emma shrugged . 
 `` she 's okay , '' she murmured . 
 charlotte looked surprised , but did n't say anything . 
 nisha glanced sideways at emma as they made their way across the court , like she was trying to gauge whether she and emma would slip back into rival mode , or if their truce from the previous night would hold . 
 emma gave nisha a reassuring smile , hoping to put the girl at ease . 
 `` can we stretch some more first ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm sore after last night . '' 
 nisha sighed with relief . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 a series of footfalls sounded behind them , and the boys ' soccer team thundered past for their warm-up laps around the field . 
 `` hey , nisha , '' garrett called . 
 `` hey , '' nisha said faintly , waving back . 
 then garrett noticed emma next to her . 
 his expression soured . 
 there was an uncomfortable pause , and the girls walked quietly for a few seconds . 
 `` so you are still seeing garrett ? '' 
 emma asked in as friendly a voice as she could muster , thinking about how nisha had avoided the question last night . 
 nisha adjusted the strap of her dark purple tank . 
 `` we were never really seeing each other , '' she said . 
 `` he only went with me to get back at you . '' 
 then emma remembered the real answer she had wanted from nisha last night . 
 `` can i ask you a weird question ? '' 
 nisha put a hand on the hip of her neatly pleated white shorts and waited . 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 `` are you sure my sister was at the back-to-school sleepover the whole night ? '' 
 nisha 's eyes flickered back and forth . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i just think she was somewhere else and lying to me about it . 
 sister stuff , '' emma said vaguely . 
 `` i 'm not going to get you in trouble or anything . 
 but if you remember something , please tell me . '' 
 a few beads of sweat appeared on nisha 's brow . 
 finally she let out a sigh . 
 `` i suppose i 'm not a hundred percent sure she was there the whole night . '' 
 emma 's heart thumped . 
 `` was she there when you woke up in the morning ? '' 
 nisha pushed a strand of hair off her face . 
 `` well , no . '' 
 `` was she there for breakfast or anything ? '' 
 emma asked , clutching her racket . 
 nisha raised one shoulder , then let it drop . 
 `` so she was n't there the whole night , '' emma said . 
 `` but you said she was . '' 
 nisha 's eyes flashed . 
 `` god , sutton . 
 i was trying to piss you off , okay ? 
 i was mad that you told laurel not to hang out with me . 
 i wanted you to know that she went behind your back and did it anyway . '' 
 emma barely heard her . 
 she stepped back and turned to face laurel , who was dueling charlotte on court one . 
 laurel smashed a lob overhead , sending the ball sailing past charlotte 's outstretched racket . 
 she did a happy victory dance like she was a normal , ordinary teenager . 
 but nisha had just given her confirmation . 
 laurel never went back to the sleepover that night . 
 suddenly , it felt like the air had been sucked from emma 's lungs . 
 she bent at the waist , staring down at the baked clay ground . 
 `` hey , are you okay ? '' 
 nisha 's shadow loomed over emma . 
 `` you look like you 're going to pass out . '' 
 `` um , i just ... need water , '' emma stammered . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 she took off in the direction of the school , doing her best to look casual . 
 she pushed through the double doors of the girls ' locker room , the smell of plastic and stale bread making her feel sick . 
 half a chocolate-chip cookie was squished along the wooden bench lining the lockers . 
 she checked the stalls , relieved that they were empty , then found laurel 's locker , which was decorated with shooting stars , gold-foil tennis rackets , and laurel 's name in purple bubble letters . 
 she touched the lock and twisted the combination to zero . 
 i just need to find something , she thought manically . 
 anything . 
 i held my breath . 
 this seemed dangerous . 
 i only hoped she knew what she was doing . 
 emma used the toe of her sneaker to pound the base of the locker-alex had taught her at their old high school in henderson that if you turned a lock to zero and kicked it , the lock would open . 
 the locker creaked , then burst open . 
 score . 
 several notebooks were stashed at the bottom , along with a thick chemistry textbook . 
 on the top shelf was a tube of melon-scented deodorant . 
 emma yanked laurel 's brown leather bag from the metal hook and opened it like a kid tearing open a christmas present . 
 laurel 's iphone , safe in its pink neoprene case , was in the side pocket , amid gum wrappers and ballpoint pens . 
 emma set the purse back inside the locker and pushed the door closed in case anyone came in . 
 the last thing she needed was someone telling laurel they 'd seen her sister snooping through her stuff . 
 then with trembling fingers , she scrolled through the texts , from the most recent to ones from more than a month ago . 
 just this monday , she 'd written to thayer : i 'm glad we talked . 
 another to thayer earlier on monday : it 's important you do n't tell anyone . 
 other than a few where are yous , there was no correspondence when thayer was in rehab . 
 but even laurel 's texts to charlotte and madeline were oddly cryptic-things like sorry i had to bail but something came up and i need to talk to you , but never any details . 
 it was almost like she expected someone to snoop . 
 emma took out sutton 's iphone and snapped a photo of the texts-she could decipher them later . 
 finally , she scrolled to august thirty-first , the day of sutton 's death . 
 laurel had sent a bunch of texts that day , but only one to sutton , time stamped 10:43 p.m. . 
 when emma read it , her throat caught , and her vision went fuzzy . 
 the next time i see you , you 're dead . 
 emma slumped against the locker stall , her hand over her mouth . 
 over her shoulder , i read the text again and again , the black type silhouetted against the green text bubble . 
 suddenly the screen felt too bright , the neon glow taking over my entire vision . 
 and just like that , something shifted in my mind and i was sucked into a full-blown memory . 
 7 can you hear me now ? 
 the headlights of laurel 's jetta flash as she makes a u-turn across the dirt road . 
 jealousy surges through me as her car speeds off , taking thayer farther and farther away from me . 
 my boyfriend is seriously hurt and my sister , who would freak out if she knew the truth about me and thayer , is the one there to hold his hand . 
 i should be the one taking him to a hospital . 
 not her . 
 brushing off my clothes , i stand up from my position in the shrubs . 
 to protect my secret relationship with thayer , i had crouched in the bushes when she arrived . 
 but from the glare she sent in my direction , i could tell she knew i was there . 
 i can only hope she has n't figured out why . 
 i glance around , getting my bearings . 
 a dark mountain looms behind me . 
 next to me is a sign that reads please do n't feed the snakes , and off to my left is a tourist train car bearing a sign that says sabino canyon rides from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m ! 
 chugga chugga choo choo ! 
 i 'm one hundred yards away from sabino canyon 's dusty , empty parking lot , and just feet from where someone hit thayer with my car . 
 i still ca n't believe how this night turned out . 
 my mind replays the events of the evening over and over , like a horror movie stuck on repeat . 
 i recall my giddiness as i picked up thayer at the bus station and drove him to the overlook in sabino canyon , where my dad used to take me bird watching when i was little . 
 i feel my terror as thayer and i ran through the canyon , some unknown pursuer fast on our heels . 
 i hear the roar of my volvo tearing across the pavement and crashing into thayer . 
 the only thing i ca n't see is the face behind the wheel , the face of the person who stole my car and tried to run us down . 
 there 's no way it was an accident . 
 but was the person gunning for thayer-or for me ? 
 i look up to the night sky hoping to see some kind of sign , some kind of message that assures me everything will be okay . 
 but a shiver crawls along my spine and i know everything is not okay . 
 thayer is seriously hurt , and i still do n't know how a night that had started with such romantic promise had devolved into this . 
 a motorbike 's engine chokes in the distance , breaking me from my thoughts and reminding me that i need to get the hell out of this canyon . 
 dried leaves crackle as i emerge from the thicket and send little brown birds fluttering into the sky , calling to each other with soft , squeaking noises , as if discussing where to settle next . 
 i pull out my phone . 
 maybe i ca n't tell the cops what happened to thayer-no one can know he came back to tucson to see me-but i can report my car stolen . 
 i just hope they do n't send detective quinlan . 
 he was so mad after our last prank that i think he 'd arrest me just for the hell of it . 
 i 'm about to dial 911 when i realize i do n't have service . 
 shit . 
 i curse my provider-thayer 's phone worked when he called laurel to pick him up , but of course the canyon has interrupted my signal . 
 a cloud passes over the moon . 
 a coyote wails in the distance . 
 the reality of the situation crashes around me hard . 
 someone stole my car , and now i 'm out in the middle of nowhere with no way to call for help . 
 nisha 's house is n't far from here , and i know the rest of the tennis team is there . 
 but i ca n't go back to the parking lot in case that lunatic who hit thayer is still out there , waiting for me . 
 i 'll need to take a different route , one that winds around the base of the canyon . 
 the wind howls as i set out . 
 the path narrows and the trees thicken above my head . 
 the brush along the sides of the trail claws at my ankles like fingernails , ripping the skin there and drawing blood . 
 i keep going , knowing i wo n't be safe until i reach a populated area . 
 a screech of tires sounds in the distance , followed by a crash . 
 i whirl around and stumble over a root sticking up in the path , breaking my fall with my palms . 
 bits of gravel groove into my skin , stinging like i 'd just dried my hands with sandpaper . 
 my cell phone falls out of my pocket and lands in the dirt , the screen lighting up with an incoming call . 
 instead of sobbing with pain , i cry out with relief . 
 i have cell service again . 
 this nightmare is one phone call away from being over . 
 but then i notice the number on the screen . 
 i let out a long breath and reject laurel 's call . 
 i ca n't deal with her anger right now-or her questions . 
 a second later my phone buzzes with a text . 
 the next time i see you , you 're dead . 
 way to overreact , sis , i think , and press delete . 
 8 a brush with danger `` what are you doing ? '' 
 emma 's head snapped up . 
 when she saw the figure standing at the end of the aisle , backlit by the sun streaming through the frosted windows , her blood went cold . 
 it was laurel . 
 i waved my useless arms , wishing i could yank emma away to safety . 
 all i could see was the memory that had just been given back to me . 
 that dark , spooky canyon . 
 that text appearing on my phone . 
 i 'd dismissed it so carelessly at the time-as sisters , laurel and i had probably threatened to kill each other hundreds of times . 
 but given my current state , i had to consider that when laurel wrote that text , it was n't just a passing expression of anger and frustration . 
 maybe she meant what she said . 
 what if she had dropped thayer off at the hospital and come back to kill me ? 
 it had been so dark on that mountain . 
 so secluded . 
 anything could have happened , and no one would have heard . 
 pushing to her feet , emma shoved laurel 's cell phone into the pocket of her shorts , praying that this was n't the moment that someone decided to send sutton 's sister a text-laurel had a very unique and very recognizable monkey squawk as her text ringtone . 
 she kept sutton 's phone in her other hand . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 emma shot back , trying to harness sutton 's brash , back-off attitude . 
 laurel 's eyes flicked over emma as if she knew she 'd caught emma doing something illicit and was trying to figure out what it was . 
 `` i heard you walked off the court because you were n't feeling well , '' she said in an even voice . 
 `` like a good sister i came to check on you . '' 
 sutton 's phone was beginning to feel slippery in emma 's palm . 
 `` i was a little dizzy , '' she said , wary of laurel 's intense gaze on her . 
 `` i came in here to get my extra water bottle and decided to sit for a minute . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 laurel asked , rocking back and forth on her heels . 
 she said it overemphatically , and the weird smile on her face broadened . 
 `` funny that you 're in front of my locker , then . 
 looking for something ? '' 
 emma 's mind raced , flashing through the times sutton 's killer had attacked her . 
 the hands strangling her from behind . 
 the light crashing down inches from her head , the writing on that chalkboard telling her to stop digging . 
 if laurel followed through with what she said in her text , then she was dangerous-really dangerous . 
 and here emma was , digging again-and finding a piece of evidence that could hurt laurel . 
 emma looked around the cavernous locker room . 
 if she screamed , would anyone hear her ? 
 when laurel stepped forward , emma flinched , certain sutton 's sister was making her move . 
 but laurel slid past her , spun the code to her locker , and opened the door . 
 emma 's heart pounded in her ears as laurel rifled through her purse . 
 her eyes were on emma the whole time . 
 she 's looking for her phone , emma thought . 
 she knows it wo n't be there , because she knows i have it . 
 she 's just doing this to make me sweat . 
 `` well ? '' 
 laurel finally said , pulling out a hairbrush and raking it through her long blond ponytail . 
 `` i mean , i know i 'm fascinating and everything-thayer definitely thinks so . '' 
 a small smile flitted along her lips when she said thayer 's name . 
 `` but should n't you get your water and head back to practice ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 of course , '' emma said , but she did n't move . 
 it felt like laurel 's phone , nestled in emma 's back pocket , was on fire . 
 then laurel turned her back to get a drink from the water fountain , and emma quickly tossed the iphone in laurel 's bag . 
 amazingly , laurel did n't seem to notice . 
 emma turned on her heel and scuttled around the corner to sutton 's locker . 
 her fingers shook as she worked the combination and opened the door . 
 she rummaged around for a moment , pretending to search , and retrieved the bottle of evian that was thankfully sitting on the upper shelf . 
 she tipped it back and guzzled it down , but the liquid did nothing to quench her thirst . 
 when she looked up , laurel was standing at the end of the aisle , staring at her phone with wide eyes . 
 emma nearly screamed . 
 for an agonizingly long moment emma could n't remember if she 'd clicked off laurel 's text to sutton and returned to the phone 's main screen . 
 `` huh , '' laurel said , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma asked shakily . 
 `` i could have sworn i put this in the side pocket of my purse , '' laurel said slowly . 
 alarms blared in emma 's head . 
 she knows you were digging ! 
 run away , now ! 
 but her sneakers felt nailed to the floor . 
 `` i have no idea where you put your phone , '' she mumbled , the words jammed in her throat . 
 `` of course you do n't , '' laurel simpered , rolling her eyes . 
 she slipped the phone in her pocket , then sauntered toward emma , her eyes blazing . 
 heat seemed to radiate from her body , her limbs coiled to strike . 
 `` boo , '' laurel whispered , touching emma 's chest . 
 emma screamed and recoiled , shielding her body with her hands and shutting her eyes tight . 
 when she opened them again , laurel was snickering . 
 `` someone 's jumpy , '' she said as she sauntered past . 
 the door hinges squeaked as she slammed out of the locker room . 
 emma left the locker room , too , standing just outside the doorway . 
 soft thwaps from the tennis balls on the court filled the air as she watched laurel trot across the practice fields and rejoin the team at the tennis courts . 
 she was smiling from ear to ear , as though she had n't just acted completely diabolical and crazy a moment before . 
 but emma knew better . 
 and i did , too . 
 laurel was onto her . 
 and my sister had better watch her back . 
 9 that 's one way to win a few hours later , emma steered into the driveway of ethan 's bungalow , which was located in a development across the street from sabino canyon . 
 it was the smallest house on the block-nisha 's , which was next door , was more than twice the size-and had definitely seen better days . 
 black paint flaked from the shutters , and there was a tiny tear in the screen door , which hung crooked on its hinges . 
 she opened the car door and made her way onto ethan 's front porch . 
 crickets sounded from the wooded area behind ethan 's house , their steady humming ringing in emma 's ears . 
 she raised her hand to press the doorbell , but drew back when she heard a crash . 
 `` damn it , ethan ! '' 
 a woman 's voice rang out just inside the door . 
 a figure passed by the screen , not noticing emma on the porch . 
 `` did n't i ask you to vacuum yesterday ? '' 
 emma drew away from the doorbell . 
 but before she could scamper off the porch , footsteps pounded , and a tall woman appeared in the foyer . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 the woman 's blue-flowered dress hung loose over her skeletal frame and freckles spotted her pale skin . 
 thin , mouse-colored brown hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail , and tiny fly-aways hung in her eyes . 
 i had a feeling i knew her . 
 but i had no idea why . 
 ethan and i had n't exactly hung out at each other 's houses . 
 `` uh , hi , '' emma squeaked , peering at ethan 's mom through the screen . 
 mrs. landry had n't opened it for her . 
 `` i 'm sutton , '' she went on , shifting her weight . 
 `` i 'm here to pick up ethan for the soccer game . '' 
 `` i know who you are , '' the woman said bitingly . 
 there were more footsteps , and ethan appeared behind his mother , looking mortified . 
 `` uh , see you , mom . 
 i 'll be back at nine . '' 
 he pushed around his mother and slipped onto the porch . 
 mrs. landry 's top lip formed a thin , unmoving line . 
 `` it was nice to see you , '' emma said meekly . 
 mrs. landry just sniffed , and walked away . 
 the door slammed loudly behind her . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 emma asked quietly . 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` she 's just in one of her moods . '' 
 emma touched his arm sympathetically . 
 his mom had had cancer , and mr. landry went awol during the chemo treatments . 
 even though mrs. landry was in remission , she 'd never fully recovered emotionally , and she expected ethan to take care of almost every household chore . 
 ethan slid into the passenger seat and buckled his belt , and emma turned on the engine . 
 `` so can i see the text ? '' 
 ethan asked quietly . 
 emma nodded . 
 idling in the driveway , she pulled sutton 's cell phone from her bag , and showed him the picture she 'd taken of laurel 's screen . 
 after she 'd found the text , she 'd called ethan immediately to tell him about it . 
 his brow furrowed as he studied the photo . 
 `` wow , '' he whispered . 
 `` i know , '' emma said , looking at it , too . 
 the next time i see you , you 're dead . 
 ethan sat back in the bucket seat , the vintage leather crunching beneath him . 
 `` so you think laurel killed sutton in some kind of a jealous rage , because she was with thayer ? '' 
 if i could have shivered , i would have . 
 i thought about the call thayer made to laurel just after he 'd been hit . 
 she 'd arrived so quickly , almost like she 'd been waiting around the corner . 
 thayer had said someone was chasing us in the canyon-was it laurel ? 
 had she followed me and thayer that night and realized we were dating behind her back ? 
 had she stolen my car and tried to hit me-only to accidentally hit the boy she loved instead ? 
 had she then come back to the canyon to finish me off ? 
 emma shifted into reverse and turned out of the driveway . 
 `` maybe . 
 love can make people do crazy things . 
 thayer 's hot . 
 and obviously a charmer . '' 
 as soon as the words were out of her mouth , emma regretted them . 
 but ethan just nodded thoughtfully . 
 `` she always used to follow him around-to the point that even i noticed it , '' he said with a wry chuckle . 
 `` it seemed like puppy love at the time , but if you 're right about what happened , then it was much more sinister than that . '' 
 emma paused at the stop sign and watched as cars whizzed past on the main road . 
 `` how do you think she did it ? 
 killed sutton , i mean . '' 
 the words tasted sour on her tongue . 
 it was one thing to talk about sutton being gone , but it felt so macabre to talk about the specifics of her death . 
 i flinched as i considered my final moments . 
 my most recent memories were of my final night on earth , but each time they cut off so abruptly . 
 my death was so close , and i kept waiting to see how it all ended . 
 i wanted to see it ... and i also did n't . 
 regaining my last moments meant that i 'd have to experience them all over again . 
 i 'd be forced to watch the life drain out of me . 
 and i 'd feel it . 
 i had to wonder if there was some reason i had n't seen it yet . 
 maybe when whatever cosmic force was keeping me suspended here in the in-between finally let me remember my death , i would die all over again . 
 i 'd see my killer , take my last breath , and explode into the ether , gone as swiftly and soundlessly as a bird taking flight . 
 then another thought struck me hard , chilling me to my core . 
 all my memories were sparked by things emma uncovered-laurel 's text , lili 's threat about the train prank , thayer 's return . 
 what if my last memory came to me because my killer was doing to emma exactly what had been done to me ? 
 what if we only discovered the truth when it was too late ? 
 ethan placed his hand on emma 's knee . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she did try to strangle sutton in the snuff video . 
 and if she drove back to find sutton , she could have used her car or some kind of weapon . 
 it will be hard to know unless we ... '' ethan 's voice trailed off . 
 he cleared his throat gruffly . 
 `` unless we ... find her . '' 
 `` true , '' emma murmured , a knot forming in the pit of her stomach at ethan 's words . 
 she took a deep breath , stopping behind a chugging motorcycle at a traffic light . 
 `` i just need to get thayer alone for a minute so i can ask him if laurel stayed at the hospital with him all night . 
 if she was there , she 's in the clear , but if not ... '' she let her sentence hang in the air , and they drove the rest of the way in silence . 
 a few minutes later , they pulled into the wheeler parking lot . 
 emma had just been here a few weeks ago for a tennis match . 
 the school was hollier 's main rival , but it was a little more run-down , with chipped columns holding up sagging portico . 
 to the left of the school , floodlights illuminated the soccer field . 
 the players were warming up in tracksuits-maroon and yellow for wheeler and forest green for hollier . 
 they got out of the car and strolled through the busy parking lot toward the field . 
 the air smelled of concession stand hot dogs and soft pretzels , and a bunch of kids were milling around the gates . 
 when they noticed emma and ethan , they turned and stared . 
 a couple girls nudged one another and smiled at ethan . 
 emma slipped her hand into ethan 's . 
 his palms were sweaty . 
 this was his first public appearance as sutton mercer 's boyfriend . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know , '' ethan said stiffly , quickly glancing at his reflection in the chrome siding of one of the food carts just past the entrance . 
 that was when emma noticed how meticulously he 'd dressed tonight-his jeans looked new , his blue polo perfectly matched his eyes , and he 'd shaved , using the kiehl 's aftershave she 'd bought for him this past weekend . 
 it was cute that he was so eager to make a good impression . 
 even though they were at wheeler , it felt like all of hollier had turned out for the match . 
 the stands were full of kids in green , who were stamping their feet and singing the school song . 
 emma looked for madeline 's black hair and charlotte 's shock of red , but she did n't see them . 
 `` that 's weird , '' she murmured . 
 `` they told me they 'd be on the top row . '' 
 `` maybe they 're busy planning another prank on us , '' ethan mumbled under his breath . 
 `` ha , ha , very funny , '' emma said . 
 the lying game had trapped emma and ethan in an abandoned house together last week . 
 `` maybe they 'll lock us in a bathroom this time . '' 
 ethan wrinkled his nose . 
 `` hopefully not the guys ' locker room . 
 that place smells like ass . '' 
 `` maybe the massage room for the sports teams , '' emma teased . 
 `` with our own personal masseuse . '' 
 ethan broke into a smile . 
 `` now that i could get behind . '' 
 there was an empty spot at the top , and emma pulled ethan up the metal steps . 
 a few kids moved over to make room for them to sit . 
 one girl with a short bob lifted her phone , pretending to text , but emma could tell she 'd snapped ethan 's picture . 
 two freshman girls a few rows down giggled and pointed ethan 's way . 
 emma nudged his side . 
 `` do n't look now , but i think you have the beginnings of a fan club . '' 
 ethan flushed . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 his bashfulness did n't fool me , though . 
 as ethan ran a hand through his inky dark hair , i caught a trace of a smile on his face . 
 was it possible loner boy was enjoying the new attention ? 
 i always thought it was telling that the only people who railed against popularity were the unpopular ones . 
 who would n't want to be adored ? 
 a ref blew his whistle , and the two teams ran back to their benches to talk to the coaches before the game started . 
 the scent of yellow mustard tickled emma 's nose , and a soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck . 
 ethan slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her close . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 `` maybe a little , '' emma said . 
 `` sutton used to say night games were her favorite , '' ethan murmured so no one else could hear . 
 `` she said there was something really sexy about playing under the stars . '' 
 emma twisted around to face him . 
 `` really ? '' 
 ethan tucked a dark curl behind his ear . 
 `` i overheard her say that once in the halls . 
 i guess it stuck with me . '' 
 emma pulled in her bottom lip , feeling unexpectedly jealous . 
 it seemed like every guy at school had had a crush on sutton . 
 had ethan , too ? 
 she knew it was ridiculous to be jealous of her dead twin sister , but she could n't help but wonder , sometimes , if ethan saw something in sutton that he did n't see in her . 
 `` is there anything else about her that stuck with you ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` i 've told you everything . '' 
 ethan curled his fingers around emma 's . 
 `` i wish i knew more . '' 
 emma let out a breath . 
 `` so do i. '' `` sutton ! '' 
 gabby cried . 
 she and lili were making their way up the bleachers , wearing matching hollier soccer groupie t-shirts . 
 charlotte , madeline , thayer , and laurel followed a few steps behind . 
 thayer wore his old soccer jersey . 
 somewhat ironically he was number thirteen . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 emma said , waving them toward her . 
 all she had to do was glance at the kids around them , and a whole slew of girls and guys got up , no questions asked , and moved down several rows . 
 it was insane having that kind of power , especially when in her previous life , she would have been the one scurrying away . 
 ethan watched as everyone climbed up the bleachers . 
 `` let the games begin , '' he murmured under his breath . 
 lili reached the top and twirled around , showing off the back of her hot pink t-shirt , which read get crass on the grass . 
 `` like 'em ? 
 we had them custom-made . '' 
 `` you ca n't find something this authentic in the school store , '' gabby added . 
 she was wearing an identical shirt , except in neon yellow . 
 madeline slid in next to ethan on the other side from emma . 
 `` hey , poet , '' she said , nudging him in the ribs . 
 emma avoided eye contact with thayer , willing him not to sit in the empty spot next to her , but to her chagrin , he sank down and said hello . 
 emma 's fingers tightened around ethan 's , as if to say , it 's okay . 
 luckily ethan squeezed back and gave her a small smile . 
 laurel looked sourly at thayer and emma , then took the seat on the other side of thayer . 
 `` how 's hollier soccer 's number-one fan ? '' 
 thayer asked , fake-punching emma in the arm . 
 `` uh , still kicking , '' emma said , realizing how lame she sounded . 
 thayer gave her a stern look . 
 `` you are n't going to cheer for hollier now that i 'm off the team , are you ? 
 personally , i 'm hoping wheeler wins . '' 
 emma frowned good-naturedly . 
 `` traitor . '' 
 thayer laughed louder than necessary , and he stared at emma with twinkling , unblinking hazel eyes . 
 emma felt ethan 's fingers slip from hers . 
 i felt a little hurt , too . 
 thayer was looking at my twin the same way he looked at me in the memories i had of our time together . 
 i wanted to put my hands on his shoulders , to make him see me , not emma . 
 if he loved me so much , how come he could n't see that the girl he 'd fallen for was n't the person sitting next to him ? 
 charlotte took a huge , floppy red hat out of her purse and pulled it low over her forehead . 
 madeline looked at her and giggled . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 charlotte pulled the brim lower over her forehead . 
 `` i 'm sick of everyone staring at me because of that stupid devious four prank . 
 tad phelps actually had the nerve to ask which bras were mine . 
 seven people unfriended me on facebook , and no one was afraid of me in debate . 
 before , they all used to cower when i took the podium , never wanting to argue with me for fear i might retaliate by pranking them . 
 today one girl questioned my use of the phrase ` moral character ' given the , quote , ` recent vandalism to school property . ' '' 
 emma looked out over the bleachers , and sure enough , at least fifteen different people were peering at the lying game members and whispering angrily . 
 `` throwing the dance is n't enough . 
 we need to prove that we did n't do this , '' charlotte said . 
 laurel sighed dramatically . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm saying this , but i actually wish the school did have security cameras . 
 then we could show everyone it was n't us . '' 
 ethan looked up , a hesitant expression on his face . 
 `` you know , there are traffic cameras on the corner next to school . '' 
 laurel narrowed her eyes . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , '' ethan continued , `` i got a ticket once for running the light there , and they sent me my ticket along with a photo . 
 i could see the front of the school in the background . 
 maybe those traffic cams caught the vandalism to the school . '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 madeline 's eyes lit up . 
 but then she visibly deflated . 
 `` how could we ever get access to that though ? '' 
 ethan licked his lips . 
 `` well ... the camera feed goes to an online site that you can access remotely and i 'm pretty good with computers . 
 i , uh , hacked into the site at the time to see if i could get the ticket erased . '' 
 his cheeks reddened visibly . 
 `` i could n't , but i did notice they kept an archive of the video footage . 
 the password 's probably changed , but with a little time , i think i could figure out how to get back in . '' 
 `` omg , that would be amazing ! '' 
 charlotte squealed . 
 `` that 's badass , ethan , '' madeline said admiringly . 
 `` i had no idea you had it in you . '' 
 the other lying game girls cheered and smiled . 
 only one person looked less than delighted : thayer . 
 he kept his gaze on the field , even though play had n't started yet . 
 `` like it 's really that hard to get ahold of surveillance footage , '' he said under his breath , in a voice only emma could hear . 
 she pretended not to notice . 
 emma turned to ethan . 
 `` are you sure you want to do that ? '' 
 the last thing she wanted was for ethan to get in trouble just to make sutton 's friends like him . 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 honest . '' 
 suddenly , a shadow fell over emma . 
 a girl with dark , curly hair in a side ponytail stood in the aisle . 
 tiny yellow shorts barely covered her thin thighs , and a white t-shirt showed off the outline of her bra . 
 it took emma only a few seconds to realize it was one of the members of the devious four-bethany something . 
 `` hi , ethan , '' bethany said , staring at him and only him . 
 she hitched her shorts even higher . 
 ethan blushed , clearly not used to the attention . 
 `` um , hi ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i was dead and practically memory-less , but even i knew that you never , ever talk to a freshman . 
 you pretended you were too busy to realize they exist , even if you were related to them . 
 `` what are you up to this weekend ? '' 
 bethany asked . 
 madeline 's and laurel 's eyes widened . 
 lili and gabby already had their phones out , texting furiously . 
 `` um ... '' ethan stalled , glancing at emma . 
 it was all emma could do to not laugh . 
 `` he 's hanging out with me , '' she said , looping her arm in ethan 's elbow . 
 madeline leaned in . 
 `` why ? 
 does your mom need someone to babysit you ? '' 
 bethany 's cheeks flushed scarlet . 
 she slunk away back to her friends , who surrounded her and started whispering . 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` we definitely need that video footage . '' 
 `` agreed , '' emma said . 
 `` those girls need to go down . '' 
 `` consider it done , '' ethan answered . 
 `` our hero , '' madeline swooned . 
 thayer looked more and more annoyed . 
 he leaned over and stared at ethan . 
 `` landry , when did you become the man ? '' 
 for a second , ethan looked caught off guard . 
 then he took a deep breath . 
 `` i guess when i started dating the hottest girl in school , '' he said smoothly . 
 thayer focused his brown eyes on emma , like he was looking at her for the first time that night . 
 `` yeah , ca n't argue with you there , '' he said in a wistful tone . 
 next to him , laurel choked on the diet coke she was drinking . 
 thayer spun around instantly and clapped her on the back . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 laurel nodded frantically , but she could n't breathe for a few more seconds . 
 `` could you get me water ? '' 
 laurel spluttered , her eyes tearing up . 
 `` sure . '' 
 thayer struggled to get up , then limped down the bleachers . 
 laurel kept coughing until he was out of sight , then calmly took another sip of her soda , angling a sidelong glance at emma . 
 it was a look that said , you 're not the only one who has him eating out of your hand . 
 to me , there was something extra to the look , too . 
 it also said , stay away . 
 or else . 
 10 smoking gun people in the mercers ' neighborhood took hollier soccer seriously . 
 following the school 's victory , horns were honking down the street , and the wessmans , who lived two doors away , had put a hollier banner on their garage . 
 emma pulled into the driveway and heard a ping on her phone . 
 it was ethan . 
 tonight was unexpectedly fun , he wrote . 
 or in the words of the daily emma : shy boy scores big at soccer game . 
 emma flushed , loving that ethan had picked up on her headline habit and was writing some of his own . 
 not too bad , right ? 
 she typed back , feeling a warm , happy sensation all over . 
 besides the minor blip with thayer , ethan had been awesome : he 'd charmed sutton 's friends and even made a couple of hilarious jokes . 
 by the looks madeline and charlotte had given her at the end of the game , emma knew they 'd accepted him . 
 it was nice to know ethan had accepted them , too . 
 emma cut the engine and looked around . 
 surprisingly , she 'd beat laurel back , even though emma had driven ethan home after the game . 
 the mercer parents ' cars were n't there either , and though grandma 's car was parked outside the garage , the house was dark . 
 she stepped through the front door and fumbled for the light . 
 her footsteps echoed loudly in the silent house . 
 she made her way into the kitchen , where moonlight spilled through the french doors and cast long shadows over the wooden table . 
 she 'd come home to plenty of empty houses , but the mercers ' felt oddly cavernous and lonely tonight . 
 she realized with a jolt just how much she 'd gotten used to mrs. mercer greeting her with a warm hello . 
 emma was about to switch on the light when she saw the burning orange glow of a cigarette in the backyard . 
 her heart picked up speed . 
 a few weeks back , when ethan had taken her to a gallery opening , they 'd been sitting outside on a bench when she 'd noticed a dark shape smoking just feet from them , listening to every word they said . 
 the figure had vanished before emma could see who it was . 
 emma let out a low whistle for drake . 
 soon enough , she heard the great dane ambling into the kitchen . 
 drake glanced at her with wide eyes . 
 her fingers were shaky as she ushered him toward the back door-as nervous as she was around the enormous dog , she was more scared of the smoker outside . 
 `` come on , boy , '' she soothed as she stepped through the french doors . 
 her heart lurched when she saw a dark shape reclined in a lawn chair . 
 a curl of smoke wound to the trees , as eerie as a witch 's bent finger . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 a familiar raspy voice said . 
 emma blinked , her eyes adjusting to the darkness . 
 `` grandma . '' 
 she let go of drake 's collar and he trotted across the lawn to sniff a cluster of azaleas . 
 `` who did you think it was ? 
 god ? '' 
 grandma mercer waved her cigarette , motioning emma forward . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 grandma mercer made room for emma on the end of her dark green lawn chair . 
 emma reluctantly sat . 
 to her surprise , grandma proffered her pack of merits . 
 `` want one ? '' 
 emma 's nose wrinkled . 
 she 'd always hated the smell of cigarette smoke . 
 but would sutton have said yes ? 
 `` um , i have a sore throat , '' she lied . 
 then she cocked her head . 
 `` why are n't you with mom and dad ? '' 
 `` they were meeting up with the finches , '' sutton 's grandmother said , then made a face . 
 `` it 's such a chore seeing those people . 
 they 're always trying to set me up with that awful woman 's widowed father . 
 i may be old , but i can find my own dates , thank you very much . '' 
 she pinched her cigarette between wrinkled fingers and leveled a long look at emma . 
 `` sooo , '' she said slowly , stretching the word out . 
 `` are you really not going to say anything about my-what did you call it last time ? 
 ` filthy little habit that will kill you and age your skin prematurely ' ? '' 
 emma laughed out loud . 
 that did sound like something her twin would say-and it was nice to know sutton was n't a smoker either . 
 `` nah . 
 i 've turned over a new leaf . 
 live and let live . 
 or in your case , live until smoking kills you , '' she said with a wry smile . 
 grandma mercer tapped the ash in a glass she was using as an ashtray . 
 `` sounds good to me . 
 so , sutton . 
 how 's the college search going ? '' 
 she crossed her legs . 
 `` are you even going to college next year ? '' 
 `` um , '' emma stalled . 
 something about the question hit her in the gut and she suddenly found it hard to breathe . 
 she 'd never seen anything in sutton 's belongings having to do with college visits or applications . 
 sutton had all the opportunities in the world , and yet she was n't taking advantage of any of them . 
 hey , not all of us were made for college . 
 maybe i had plans to become a big hollywood actress . 
 `` i 'm just trying to keep my options open , '' emma finally said . 
 `` but i 'm applying to loads of good schools . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 grandma mercer asked , cocking a silver eyebrow . 
 `` are you planning to stay in arizona ? '' 
 `` the u of a is good , '' she said quietly . 
 ironically , the university of arizona was one of the colleges she had begun applying to back when she lived in vegas . 
 they offered a lot of scholarships , and she liked their program in journalism . 
 but the financial aid forms had to be way past due by now . 
 would she ever get to go back to that old life ? 
 or would she have to apply to schools as sutton mercer ? 
 could she do something like that ? 
 living in sutton 's room and taking her high school classes was one thing . 
 but attending college on the mercers ' dime , continuing to pretend she was sutton in the dorms , felt different somehow . 
 and the idea that sutton 's murder would still be unsolved by then was unfathomable . 
 grandma wrinkled her nose . 
 `` the u of a has a good sorority life , you mean . 
 life 's more than partying , you know . '' 
 emma stared at her sandals . 
 `` trust me . 
 i know . '' 
 grandma mercer tapped her cigarette on the lawn chair 's handrail , a pensive look on her lined face . 
 `` your father used to love a good party , '' she said , sighing . 
 `` he 's a california boy at heart . 
 but he and your mother quieted down quite a bit when they moved to tucson . '' 
 she sniffed . 
 `` of course , his job was worth relocating for . '' 
 `` they lived in california before tucson ? '' 
 emma asked , unable to hide her surprise . 
 the mercers had never said anything either way , but they were so entrenched in the community here she 'd just assumed they 'd been here forever . 
 grandma gave her a crazy look . 
 `` well of course they did . 
 they moved here just after they adopted you . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 duh , '' emma said faintly . 
 it was strange to think that they 'd once had an entirely different life . 
 grandma sighed . 
 `` i 've always missed them being right down the road from me . 
 we used to have so much fun when sutton was still alive . '' 
 emma 's heart clenched . 
 had she heard the old woman right ? 
 i waited with bated breath . 
 grandma had said sutton . 
 me . 
 `` my sister loved babies , '' grandma mercer went on , her thin lips breaking into a grin . 
 `` and she especially loved you . 
 she fawned over you . 
 called you her little namesake . '' 
 emma 's eyes flicked back and forth as the words slowly sank in . 
 the sutton grandma was talking about was n't her twin . 
 sutton was named after grandma mercer 's sister , her great-aunt . 
 grandma reached for her martini glass and took a long sip . 
 `` if we lived closer , i could 've kept a better eye on you-and kept you out of trouble . 
 your parents were always far too lenient . 
 a few more weekends with me would have knocked the sass right out of you . '' 
 she glanced at emma . 
 but after a moment , her eyes softened and she laid her hand over emma 's . 
 emma smiled , not expecting this tiny gesture of kindness . 
 grandma pursed her lips , like there was something more she wanted to say but could n't quite find the words . 
 `` anyway , '' she said , her voice stern again as she removed her hand . 
 `` anyway , '' emma echoed , feeling awkward once more . 
 drake raised his head and stared at the door , letting out a low whine . 
 emma swung around to follow his gaze . 
 laurel stood just behind the french doors leading into the kitchen , watching emma and grandma . 
 grandma mercer waved . 
 `` guess your sister 's home . '' 
 caught , laurel tossed a casual wave back , then retreated from sight . 
 a moment later the light in her bedroom window snapped on . 
 grandma mercer tutted , then stubbed out her cigarette . 
 `` i hope laurel did n't see the smoke . 
 unlike you , i ca n't trust her to keep a secret . '' 
 emma watched laurel 's shadow moving around in the bedroom . 
 `` actually , laurel 's got a few secrets of her own , '' she murmured . 
 `` you 'd be surprised what she 's capable of . '' 
 like murdering her own sister , i thought grimly . 
 11 too hot to handle the next evening , emma stood in the parking lot of clayton resort . 
 the low-lying , ultramodern red clay buildings were all lit up , seamlessly melting into the mountain backdrop . 
 all around her was an undulating , impossibly green golf course , the flags rippling in the slight wind . 
 several sprinklers came on at once , misting the grassy areas . 
 two swimmers bobbed in the deep end of the horseshoe-shaped pool to the right , talking quietly . 
 everything looked so romantic and pristine , with not a detail out of place . 
 she heard a slam behind her , and turned to see charlotte , madeline , and the twitter twins climbing from madeline 's suv . 
 `` i always say it 's best to plan a prank while trespassing , '' lili whispered with a smirk . 
 her hot-pink bikini poked out from beneath a too-tight white tank top , and she had a purple beach towel tucked under her arm . 
 emma ran a hand over the light yellow cover-up she 'd found in sutton 's underwear drawer , feeling nervous . 
 the girls were planning the top-secret lying game dance tonight , but they were trespassing in the hot springs on the resort property to do so . 
 she would have thought she 'd be used to breaking the law by now , but her rule-abiding , good-girl instincts died hard . 
 my nerves were twisting for a different reason . 
 i knew this place from one of my memories . 
 it was here that my friends dragged me from the springs to the trunk of my car on the night of the snuff film prank , the same night laurel nearly choked me to death . 
 i 'd written that off as a silly prank , but now i wondered . 
 maybe laurel had been practicing for the real thing . 
 madeline took a swig from an evian bottle as gabby and lili trotted ahead . 
 `` i already have so many good ideas , '' gabby said over her shoulder . 
 `` we should do overly cliche dance themes , '' lili babbled . 
 `` for sure we need a punch bowl and a cake that says something like dance off in pastel icing . 
 and we have to hang tons of streamers . '' 
 charlotte , who was wearing a terry-cloth wrap that cinched under her arms , stopped short and grabbed emma 's arm . 
 `` where 's laurel ? 
 i thought she was coming with you . '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 `` i checked her bedroom before i left , but she was n't there . '' 
 madeline bristled . 
 `` i bet she 's with my brother . '' 
 emma figured madeline was right . 
 she 'd been trying to corner thayer all day to ask how long laurel had been at the hospital , but every time she 'd seen him he was with laurel . 
 `` aw , '' gabby swooned . 
 `` maybe it 's good for thayer to have a girlfriend . '' 
 `` especially if she 's one of us , '' lili added . 
 madeline shoved aside a tree branch ; emma ducked as it snapped back toward her face . 
 `` thayer does n't need a girlfriend right now . 
 he needs to get better . '' 
 `` get better ? '' 
 lili repeated . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 madeline clapped her mouth closed . 
 thayer had told emma that he 'd been in rehab , but she was the only person outside of his family who knew . 
 unless , of course , he 'd told laurel ... `` i mean his leg , '' madeline said haltingly . 
 `` it needs to heal up . '' 
 and that was that . 
 `` hot springs , here we come ! '' 
 gabby trilled , pushing aside branches . 
 ahead of them was a clearing of flat red rocks . 
 three jacuzzi-sized pools of natural water bubbled invitingly . 
 i felt a swoop of dread , looking around . 
 yep , these were the springs all right . 
 that night , i 'd gotten pissed at laurel for wearing a necklace just like my locket , like she was trying to steal my style . 
 she 'd claimed later she 'd worn it to stage the fight , but clearly she wanted more than my style . 
 she wanted my life . 
 madeline pulled her ikat-print caftan over her head and set it on a flat rock near the springs . 
 charlotte kept her towel on and walked tentatively toward the steaming pool . 
 emma and the twitter twins disrobed , too , leaving their stuff in a pile . 
 lili dipped her big toe into the water and declared the temperature perfect . 
 as she slid in , she shut her eyes and let out an `` mmm . '' 
 emma slipped into the water , too , feeling the warmth envelop her . 
 for a moment , she let her stress float away . 
 `` okay , time to party-plan , '' gabby said , adjusting the gold-tone clasp in the middle of her bikini . 
 `` so we 're e-inviting everyone who 's anyone at hollier , right ? '' 
 `` except the four people we do n't want , '' madeline said . 
 she pushed her hands over the water , creating tiny ripples . 
 `` maybe we should invite a few cool kids from wheeler , '' lili suggested . 
 `` like the soccer hotties . '' 
 charlotte , who was sitting on the edge , just dipping her legs in , sounded excited . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 emma drummed her fingers on the rocks . 
 `` so if we throw the dance at the school , how are we going to break in after hours once the door is locked ? '' 
 `` um , the exact same way we did it the last time ? '' 
 charlotte said . 
 when emma gave her a blank look back , she added , `` the flamingo and garden gnome prank ? '' 
 `` oh , right , '' emma said , vaguely recalling seeing a video of this . 
 `` duct-tape the lock before school 's out for the day , '' madeline supplied . 
 `` so what are we doing for music ? '' 
 emma asked quickly . 
 everyone was silent for a moment , thinking . 
 chirping sounded in the trees . 
 the hot springs were so secluded that every small noise echoed in the still night air . 
 `` i could make a playlist , '' lili said . 
 `` i do n't think that 'll cut it . '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` we need a real dj . 
 it has to be legit . '' 
 `` tank can do it , '' charlotte suggested . 
 `` he owes me a favor . '' 
 she shot emma a knowing look . 
 i racked my brain for a guy named tank , but nothing came to mind , and charlotte did n't elaborate . 
 `` so what if the devious four find out about the party and decide to crash ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 lili twisted her mouth . 
 `` we could make everyone show their invites at the door . '' 
 `` or we could get a bouncer , '' charlotte suggested . 
 `` make things super-classy , even have a velvet rope . 
 i bet the guy who works at plush would do it for a small fee . '' 
 `` you know , maybe we do want the devious four to crash . '' 
 madeline 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` maybe we want to prank them when they walk through the doors . '' 
 `` a prank inside a prank ! '' 
 charlotte clapped her hands . 
 `` i love it ! '' 
 emma bit her lip . 
 she had wanted this prank to be nice , not to embarrass someone . 
 then again , the devious four had gotten them into major trouble-and bethany had asked ethan out in front of her . 
 `` speaking of parties , '' she said , deciding to change the subject . 
 `` have you guys decided what you 're wearing to my dad 's party on saturday ? '' 
 lili waded over to emma and put her arm around her shoulder . 
 `` maybe i 'll wear this bikini . 
 shock a little life into the old fogies . '' 
 the girls giggled . 
 suddenly , a rustle sounded in the brush , and everyone stopped . 
 madeline 's eyes were wide . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 gabby rose halfway out of the water . 
 `` what if it 's security ? '' 
 `` i so ca n't get busted again , '' lili whined . 
 emma felt goose bumps rise along her arms . 
 the thrashing noise grew louder . 
 emma made out two figures tearing through the branches . 
 there was a small yelp , and then thayer and laurel tumbled out of the bush . 
 `` god , '' lili murmured , splashing them . 
 `` way to freak us out , idiots . '' 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 laurel trilled , looking giddy . 
 she took thayer by the hand . 
 `` we were just fooling around . '' 
 she stared at emma as she said it . 
 `` sorry we 're late . '' 
 `` yeah , sorry we 're late , mads , '' thayer added , glancing at his sister . 
 madeline 's expression was stony . 
 `` why did n't you answer my calls ? '' 
 thayer blinked . 
 `` i-i did n't hear them , i guess . '' 
 madeline jumped out of the hot spring and snatched thayer 's phone from his pocket . 
 `` you do n't even have it on ! '' 
 she shrieked . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' thayer protested , holding up his hands . 
 madeline did n't answer . 
 everyone else was silent , looking around awkwardly . 
 laurel dropped a canvas tote bag next to a squat rock , pretending not to notice the tension . 
 she slipped out of a white eyelet dress and set a navy blue towel on top of the tote . 
 waving his hand in a whatever motion , thayer pulled his black t-shirt over his head . 
 his bare chest was smooth and tan , and his stomach muscles rippled . 
 emma caught herself looking , then tore her eyes away . 
 it was surprisingly hard not to look at thayer-he was so gorgeous . 
 `` um , i thought this was a girls-only party , '' charlotte said as he edged into the spring . 
 thayer raised an eyebrow . 
 `` are you talking about top-secret stuff ? '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 `` kind of , and - '' `` oh , please . '' 
 laurel rolled her eyes . 
 `` thayer can know . 
 he 'll be invited anyway . '' 
 she cuddled up to him , all the while keeping her gaze on emma . 
 `` then again , what was that thing you always said , sutton ? 
 if i told you , then i 'd have to kill you ? '' 
 all of a sudden , emma felt unbearably hot . 
 she did n't like sitting here discussing killing with laurel , even jokingly . 
 she was n't sure if she could even be in the same pool with her right now . 
 not answering , she leapt out of the spring and wrapped her body in a huge beach towel . 
 the cool night air calmed her pulse , and taking deep , even breaths , she wandered down one of the paths , trying to clear her mind . 
 emma sank against a boulder and stared at the night sky , wondering just how much longer she could take this . 
 she needed hard evidence against laurel , something she could actually take to the police . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 emma whipped around . 
 standing before her , his skin glistening and wet , was thayer . 
 he was out of breath , as though he 'd jogged over to her . 
 emma kept her gaze averted from thayer 's taut stomach . 
 she decided she 'd better not look at his arm muscles , either . 
 `` thayer ! '' 
 laurel 's voice sounded in the distance . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 `` one second , '' thayer called , sounding a little annoyed . 
 he looked at emma , his face full of concern . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she answered , staring at the ground and trying to marshal her courage . 
 this was her chance to question him . 
 `` um , how about you ? 
 are you having fun with laurel ? '' 
 thayer 's expression tightened . 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 emma 's mouth fell open . 
 `` sorry . 
 i was just making conversation . '' 
 thayer 's broad shoulders tensed . 
 `` i do n't get it , sutton . '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` i 'm trying to move on . 
 but it 's ... '' his voice trailed off , swallowed by the night breeze that passed between them . 
 `` i ca n't stand seeing you with landry , '' he finally said . 
 `` i want to kill that guy . '' 
 oh , thayer , i whispered , wishing he could hear me . 
 it broke my heart to be so close to him and not be able to explain what i still felt for him , even now . 
 it killed me all over again that thayer thought my feelings for him were gone . 
 the cold air chilled emma 's still-wet bathing suit . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' was the first thing she could think to say . 
 she could n't imagine how this looked-sutton had been in love with thayer before he vanished . 
 he 'd been hit by a car on their last night together , and when he came back , she was with someone else . 
 she felt terrible for doing this to him , but then , it was n't like she could just pick up where sutton left off with thayer either . 
 `` and ... i 'm sorry i was n't the one there for you in the hospital that night , '' emma added . 
 `` i 've wanted to tell you that for so long . 
 i understand why you had to call laurel , but i still feel like it should 've been me ... '' thayer scoffed . 
 `` whatever . 
 it 's in the past now . '' 
 `` but i feel terrible about it . '' 
 emma heard a splash and a giggle from the hot springs . 
 `` did laurel at least stay with you ? '' 
 emma pressed . 
 `` overnight , i mean . 
 so you did n't have to be alone ? '' 
 thayer let out a laugh , but anger flickered across his features . 
 `` do you really think i 'm that much of a wuss ? 
 i did n't need laurel with me to hold my hand . '' 
 emma blinked , needing him to be clear . 
 `` so ... she did n't stay with you ? '' 
 thayer shook his head . 
 `` she left shortly after she dropped me off . 
 she said she wanted to have a word with you . 
 she was furious , like she wanted to kill you or something . 
 i 've never seen her like that before . '' 
 emma tried her hardest not to gasp . 
 it was like the words had been scripted for thayer , proving laurel 's guilt . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispered . 
 the words rushed through me , bringing a terrible emptiness . 
 i had n't realized until that moment how desperately i 'd wanted laurel to be innocent . 
 she was my little sister , the girl i grew up with , who i once considered my best friend . 
 but thayer 's words stripped me of my last shred of hope . 
 she had n't been with him that night , and she had n't been with nisha and the tennis team . 
 i had to face it . 
 laurel , my sister , had murdered me-over a guy . 
 a cough sounded . 
 emma whirled around and saw a figure standing at the end of the trail . 
 laurel 's light eyes flashed in the darkness . 
 `` so that 's where you are , '' she said , her voice no longer teasing , but instead flat and cold . 
 the hair on emma 's arms stood on end . 
 how much had laurel heard ? 
 `` w-we were just talking , '' she stammered . 
 `` yeah , '' thayer said . 
 his glance darted between emma and laurel . 
 it was clear he was n't sure whose side to be on . 
 laurel glared at both of them . 
 then she held up something in the air . 
 only when a flash went off did emma realize it was a camera . 
 after that , laurel whipped around and marched back to the hot springs , her spine ramrod-straight . 
 `` join me when you 're ready , thayer , '' she called . 
 emma and thayer stared after her , and my heart clenched at the tragic characters in front of me : the boy i loved , the twin i 'd never met , and the sister who took both of them away from me . 
 12 track meet the next morning in gym class , emma and a group of girls walked the perimeter of the track instead of playing handball with the boys . 
 every girl walked fast enough to appease the gym instructor but slowly enough not to sweat so they would n't mess up their makeup during school hours . 
 emma tried to listen to the endless chatter about weekend plans , disappointment over how next week 's dance had been canceled , and talk about thayer 's return to school , but she could n't concentrate . 
 she 'd barely slept last night , so aware that laurel was just feet down the hall from her . 
 only when she rounded the corner and noticed garrett climbing into his car in the parking lot did her mind wander for a moment . 
 what was good-boy garrett doing leaving school property during second period ? 
 even more bizarre , nisha was getting into the passenger seat . 
 but had n't nisha said they were n't hanging out anymore ? 
 i knew emma 's cease-fire with my sworn enemy was too good to be true . 
 the smell of sunscreen and perfume greeted emma 's nose as a pack of sophomores hustled past . 
 `` hey , sutton ! '' 
 clara called from the middle of the group . 
 the sleeves of her hollier high tennis t-shirt were rolled up over her tanned shoulders . 
 `` hey , '' emma said absently , moving away from the fence . 
 she did n't want anyone to see her staring at garrett and nisha . 
 all she needed was some gossipy underclassmen assuming that she was n't over garrett and spreading the news around school . 
 suddenly , emma noticed ethan sitting on the bleachers across the field and took off in an excited jog . 
 `` hey , stranger , '' she crooned into his ear , resting her hand on his shoulder . 
 `` is someone cutting class ? 
 i thought you had english this period . '' 
 ethan whipped around . 
 when emma saw his cold expression , she drew back . 
 `` i 'm kind of busy . '' 
 `` w-what 's wrong ? '' 
 emma stammered . 
 ethan glanced away , his eyes roving over the track . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 emma asked softly . 
 but he just sat there , avoiding her gaze . 
 a cluster of students passed , glancing at ethan and emma out of the corners of their eyes . 
 emma instantly pasted a smile on her face , not wanting them to notice that she and ethan were fighting . 
 finally , ethan took out his cell phone and turned it toward emma with a sigh . 
 she stared at a dark , fuzzy picture on the screen . 
 after a moment , she realized it was her and thayer , standing on the trail , talking . 
 her heart sank . 
 they were both in their bathing suits . 
 and their arms were almost touching . 
 then she realized . 
 laurel had sent it to him . 
 `` do n't you see , '' she whispered . 
 `` she 's trying to break us up because she 's jealous . '' 
 or she 's trying to send you a message , i thought . 
 she 's on to you . 
 she heard what you and thayer were talking about . 
 stop while you 're ahead . 
 ethan let the phone fall to his side . 
 `` did she photoshop it ? 
 because you guys look like you 're having a romantic tete-a-tete . '' 
 `` i was asking him about the night sutton died , '' emma said . 
 `` you wo n't believe what i found out . '' 
 suddenly , a metal hurdle clattered on the ground as the track coach tried to assemble them in an upright position . 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 they were way too public right here . 
 anyone could hear them . 
 `` walk with me ? '' 
 emma asked in a small voice . 
 for a moment , ethan just sat there , like he was n't going to budge . 
 when he finally slid off the bleacher , emma let out a sigh of relief . 
 they began to circle the track , a pack of students sprinting past them . 
 only when they rounded the corner to a spot behind the field house did emma yank him off the red asphalt and into the little room that housed the practice mats , javelin poles , and shot puts . 
 when emma shut the door , only a sliver of light poked through . 
 it would have been romantic if ethan were n't standing with his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` thayer told me that laurel did n't stay with him all night at the hospital , '' emma whispered , her voice sounding tinny and hollow against the low ceiling . 
 `` she just dropped him off . 
 and he told me that she was furious at sutton . 
 he literally said she wanted to kill her . '' 
 `` whoa . '' 
 ethan let out a low whistle , seemingly forgetting his anger . 
 `` that 's messed up . '' 
 `` so how can i prove it before she does something to me ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 she glanced through the crack in the door , watching as a couple of hollier kids bounced on the pole vault mat . 
 `` i want this over with . 
 this is getting so out of hand . 
 and beyond getting justice for sutton , do you realize how sick i am of pretending ? 
 how i just want to be me again ? 
 my entire life is on hold . 
 i just realized the other day that i may not be able to go to college . '' 
 ethan 's features softened . 
 `` i know , '' he said , wrapping his arms around her . 
 emma nuzzled into his shoulder , feeling better . 
 `` so you 're not mad at me ? '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` it 's hard to think about you and thayer together . '' 
 `` you know i 'm into you-and only you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 really , i do . 
 but i am annoyed you did n't invite me to the hot springs . 
 i 'd love to know where they are . '' 
 `` well , now i know where they are . '' 
 emma playfully poked his chest . 
 `` you and i will go soon-alone . '' 
 `` sounds like a date , '' ethan murmured . 
 `` you 're still planning on coming to my dad 's birthday party saturday night , right ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 `` please tell me you are . 
 i do n't think i can deal with it without you . 
 especially with laurel there . 
 it 's freaky enough sleeping one room away from her . 
 i 've locked the door and the windows every night this week . '' 
 ethan pretended to think about it . 
 `` i suppose , '' he said after a moment . 
 `` but only if you 're very , very good . 
 and only if you introduce me to this grandma mercer . '' 
 `` you 'll love her . '' 
 emma rolled her eyes . 
 `` but she smells like she bathed in chanel no. 5 . 
 and she 'll probably offer you a cigarette . '' 
 `` well , then i 'll be sure to bring my lighter , '' ethan joked . 
 `` oh , and speaking of old ladies , i almost cracked the code on the traffic cameras . 
 the proof that it was n't you pulling that tree prank will be yours in no time to hand over to ms. ambrose . '' 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 emma clutched her hands dramatically . 
 `` the lying game will really love you then . 
 they 're already working on another prank for the dance to keep the devious four in their place . '' 
 ethan raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you 're not going to do anything too horrible to those girls , are you ? 
 i mean , they 're bitches , but i know what you lying game girls are capable of . '' 
 `` i 'm not a lying game girl , '' emma reminded him . 
 `` and we 're only doing what they have coming to them . '' 
 then she had an idea . 
 `` maybe the prank-inside-the-prank at the secret dance could be the video footage displayed on a big screen in the gym . 
 that way , the school would know it was n't the lying game who did it . 
 and the devious four will finally have to own up to their actions . '' 
 it seemed like a good prank to me-effective , but not cruel . 
 i approved . 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` works for me . 
 it 's time-stop photography , so it 'll be like a flip book , not continuous footage . '' 
 `` even cooler . '' 
 emma leaned against the field house door , suddenly contemplative . 
 `` if only there was video footage of who killed sutton . 
 that would make our lives a whole lot easier , huh ? '' 
 ethan 's expression became serious . 
 `` do you really think it 's laurel ? '' 
 `` yes , i really do . 
 but that does n't mean the police will believe me . '' 
 `` have you ever searched her room ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 emma twisted her mouth . 
 `` a few times-at sutton 's birthday party , and i noticed that she 'd put thayer 's initials on her calendar the night sutton died . '' 
 she raised her head , staring at ethan 's silhouette . 
 had laurel known thayer was coming ? 
 had she followed them to sabino canyon and then run thayer over while aiming for her sister ? 
 `` but i 've never snooped in her drawers or anything . 
 i guess i 'll try again . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 ethan leaned in and kissed her . 
 `` you never know . 
 maybe i 'll be attending the next school dance with emma paxton . '' 
 `` maybe , '' emma said , hope creeping into her heart . 
 ethan took emma 's hand , and they emerged from the field house together . 
 as the sun blazed down on them like a spotlight , i wondered if emma would get her happy ending . 
 if after exposing laurel , she 'd live with my family , stay friends with my besties , and go to u of a with ethan on a full scholarship . 
 but then again , i knew all too well that not everyone got a happily ever after . 
 13 grandmothers know best `` sutton ? '' 
 a voice called through sutton 's bedroom door friday night . 
 emma jumped off sutton 's bed , where she 'd been looking at the sutton mercer murder suspects list that she 'd started when she 'd first arrived in tucson . 
 at the top of the page , laurel 's name had been crossed off in thick black ink , but emma had re-added it at the bottom , just below thayer 's now crossed-out name , and underlined it three times . 
 just as she slapped the notebook closed and shoved it under her bed , grandma mercer poked her head in . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 grandma 's eyes narrowed at something on the floor . 
 emma followed her gaze . 
 the edge of her notebook peeked out from under sutton 's white bed skirt . 
 `` oh , just doing a little journaling , '' she muttered dismissively , kicking it farther under the bed . 
 grandma leaned in the doorway . 
 as usual , she was impeccably dressed in a tailor-made tweed suit and high heels . 
 her lipstick was perfect , and her hair did n't move as she walked . 
 there was a slight hint of smoke coming off her clothes . 
 emma wondered if mr. mercer really had n't noticed yet . 
 `` do you have homework ? '' 
 `` not really , '' emma said . 
 `` i 'm pretty much all done . '' 
 `` good . 
 that means you can come with me . '' 
 grandma offered her hand . 
 `` your father 's party is tomorrow , and he 's asked me to do some last-minute things . '' 
 she made a face . 
 `` well , he has n't asked me , per se , but i think some things have been overlooked . 
 for instance , did you know that your mother has n't designed a lighting scheme ? '' 
 emma opened her mouth , then shut it fast . 
 it seemed to emma that mrs. mercer had planned everything down to the last detail . 
 mrs. mercer had made countless calls to the caterer , adjusting and readjusting the menu . 
 they 'd hired a salsa band , and she 'd been practicing her dance moves at night , stressing because she 'd never salsaed in her life . 
 emma thought it was really sweet that she was putting so much effort into making her husband 's party special . 
 but there was no use arguing with grandma . 
 she seemed like the kind of woman who was going to do things her way , no ifs , ands , or buts . 
 i wonder if that 's where i got my stubbornness from . 
 but then i remembered : i was adopted . 
 grandma was n't part of my gene pool . 
 in minutes , emma had changed into a cotton dress and kitten heels-grandma deemed that her jeans and t-shirt were `` too sloppy '' to go to neiman marcus in-and she was sitting in the plushy leather passenger seat of grandma 's cadillac . 
 and minutes after that , they were walking through the neiman marcus perfume aisle . 
 emma 's nose twitched from the competing scents . 
 a memory rippled through me . 
 i was walking through neiman 's with grandma when i was much younger . 
 a girl at the estee lauder counter asked if i wanted a makeover , and grandma had sat me on the stool . 
 `` this will be our little secret , '' she 'd said conspiratorially . 
 maybe grandma was n't so bad , after all . 
 grandma peeled off her white leather driving gloves . 
 `` are you excited about your father 's party ? '' 
 `` sure , '' emma said . 
 `` if nothing else , it will be nice to see mom relaxed again . '' 
 `` are you bringing a date ? '' 
 grandma asked as she paused to sniff a new dior perfume . 
 `` yes , '' emma said . 
 `` is it that boy who got in all that trouble ? '' 
 grandma asked sharply . 
 `` thayer ? 
 how did you know about him ? '' 
 emma said , surprised . 
 thayer had been sutton 's secret boyfriend . 
 `` your sister told me a few months ago , '' grandma said , heading for the elevators . 
 `` she said it was obvious . 
 and she said your love for him was-oh , how did she word it ? 
 obsessive , maybe . 
 dangerous . '' 
 suddenly , the smell of the perfumes made emma a little ill . 
 why was laurel saying things to grandma about sutton and thayer ? 
 and it was n't my love for thayer that was obsessive . 
 it was laurel 's . 
 `` oh , '' emma said quietly . 
 `` no . 
 it 's someone else . 
 a guy named ethan landry . '' 
 `` good , '' grandma answered . 
 `` because truthfully i think your sister was a little jealous . '' 
 then she stopped short in the middle of the scarves department and took emma 's hands . 
 `` i know i 'm hard on you , dear . 
 and sometimes i probably come off as cold at times . 
 but i just want the best for you . 
 i want you to lead the best life possible , and i get so worried when i hear about you getting in trouble or dating bad boys or not getting the grades i know you can get or having tension with your sister . 
 i just want you to be safe . 
 i just do n't want you to end up like ... '' she trailed off , pressing her lips together . 
 emma frowned . 
 `` like who ? '' 
 an expression emma could n't gauge flashed across grandma 's face . 
 it almost looked like fear . 
 but then there was a crash next to them , and she turned . 
 someone had just knocked a whole rack of scarves over . 
 salesgirls rushed to the scene and quickly picked them up . 
 when grandma turned back to emma , her face was composed once more . 
 `` and to be honest , i 'm a little worried about laurel , too . 
 is it me , or does she seem ... distracted these days ? 
 almost like there 's something weighing on her mind ? '' 
 emma 's ears burned . 
 `` um , you could say that , '' she murmured , more to herself than to sutton 's grandmother . 
 `` do you know what it is ? '' 
 sweat prickled on the back of emma 's neck and she saw a flash of blond out of the corner of her eye . 
 she turned around and faced the front doors , certain she 'd just seen someone jump out of view . 
 `` i do n't have a clue , '' emma said , swallowing hard . 
 `` well . '' 
 grandma clutched her purse and marched for the escalators . 
 `` whatever it is , it seems like she 's up to no good . '' 
 no kidding , emma thought as she followed grandma up the escalator . 
 cool dread washed over me . 
 one thing was for sure . 
 emma needed to search for evidence in laurel 's room asap , and put an end to this charade once and for all . 
 14 racketeering saturday afternoon , emma stood a foot in front of laurel 's door , her hand poised on the knob . 
 downstairs , she could hear mr. and mrs. mercer bustling around , making last-minute arrangements for the party , but laurel was nowhere to be seen . 
 she was probably out with thayer somewhere . 
 twisting the knob , emma stepped into the bedroom . 
 the smell of laurel 's tuberose perfume greeted her like a rush of heat . 
 two candles sat on laurel 's desk , along with a cup full of mechanical pencils and a framed photo of five wild mustangs racing across a grassy field . 
 the print was hotel-bland and oddly impersonal in contrast to the collage of photos and tennis ribbons laurel had tacked up on her wall . 
 right near her closet was a black-and-white shot of thayer standing with his arm around laurel 's shoulders in the parking lot of sabino canyon . 
 it was slightly askew , and the edge of a different photo poked out from underneath it . 
 emma lifted it up to find a photograph of sutton and laurel with their arms wrapped around each other in a nearly identical pose to that of laurel and thayer . 
 for a long moment , emma stood there , studying laurel 's and sutton 's smiling faces . 
 they looked for all the world like best friends . 
 i squinted hard at it , too , trying to remember when it had been taken . 
 the end of school last year ? 
 after a tennis tournament ? 
 maybe even earlier than that-laurel and i looked so happy . 
 i had no idea what had happened to change that . 
 maybe we 'd grown apart when i 'd found cooler friends . 
 or maybe it really did all come back to thayer . 
 the hinges on laurel 's desk squeaked as emma opened a drawer . 
 inside was a hot pink eraser in the shape of a heart , rainbow-colored paper clips , and a stapler . 
 bic pens rolled forward . 
 scraps of notebook paper lay in piles . 
 emma picked one up . 
 mads , one of them said . 
 i need to talk to you about something and it 's really important . 
 laurel had underlined really three times . 
 something happened this summer , and i need to get it off my chest . 
 the guilt is eating me alive . 
 laurel . 
 it was dated september sixth , a week after sutton disappeared . 
 emma dropped the note like it was a hot frying pan . 
 laurel could n't possibly have considered confessing what she 'd done to madeline , could she ? 
 or was she going to tell madeline that she 'd seen thayer ? 
 either way laurel clearly had n't gone through with it . 
 stuffing the note into her back pocket , emma searched under the bed , under the mattress , and inside the closet . 
 nothing . 
 she was about to retreat when she saw blue athletic tape trailing out from beneath an armchair-the kind of tape she and laurel used to wrap the handles of their tennis rackets . 
 emma crouched and saw a racket nestled beneath the cushions . 
 she pulled it out , then turned it over in her hands . 
 the racket 's dyed-red strings were bent so badly in the middle , emma was surprised they had n't broken . 
 when she touched one of them , some of the red flaked off . 
 it was n't red dye-it was blood . 
 emma 's fingers trembled at the edge of the racket . 
 the frame was bent as well , as though someone had thrown it hard against something-or someone . 
 leaning in closer , she saw a long , dark piece of hair twisted along the frame-the same exact color of her own hair . 
 was that sutton 's hair ? 
 she fought the urge to be sick . 
 was emma holding the murder weapon ? 
 she dropped it fast . 
 now her fingerprints were on it , too . 
 she remembered what ethan had said after she 'd told him who she really was : if you run now , everyone will think you did it . 
 maybe that was exactly what laurel intended : for emma to find this . 
 for her to touch it . 
 for the down-and-out twin to be framed . 
 creak . 
 footsteps sounded on the stairs . 
 emma shot up just as the door swung open . 
 mr. mercer appeared , a startled look on his face . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 `` uh , hi , '' emma said , running a hand through her hair , her heart beating hard . 
 she stepped in front of the fallen racket . 
 mr. mercer leaned against the doorjamb , one eyebrow raised . 
 `` does laurel know you 're in here ? '' 
 `` um . '' 
 emma 's mind flew in a zillion directions , trying to find an excuse . 
 `` i was just looking for a bracelet laurel borrowed . 
 i wanted to wear it to your party . '' 
 she shrugged and lifted the palms of her hands . 
 `` but no luck , '' she said . 
 `` i guess she 's wearing it today . '' 
 mr. mercer checked his watch . 
 `` speaking of which , i guess i 'd better get ready , too . '' 
 he patted the door . 
 `` i ca n't be late to my own party , huh ? '' 
 emma forced a smile . 
 as soon as sutton 's father turned away , she kicked the racket back beneath the chair like it was any old tennis racket and not a possible murder weapon . 
 her stomach churned as images of laurel bashing in sutton 's head swirled unbidden in her mind . 
 and they were swirling in my mind , too . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut and tried to call to mind the memory of laurel pummeling me to death ... but there was nothing . 
 just as i was about to give up , an image flashed in front of me : laurel and me perched on a rocky cliff overlooking sabino canyon-the same cliff i 'd taken thayer to . 
 it 's beautiful , is n't it ? 
 i 'd asked her . 
 her light eyes scanned the canyon 's walls , and a sly smile appeared on her face . 
 and then , she said , clear as day , it 's the perfect place to disappear . 
 15 the birthday surprise emma climbed out of mr. mercer 's car and watched him hand his keys to a blond valet in a red and gold uniform . 
 `` welcome to loews ventana canyon , mr. mercer , '' the valet intoned , gesturing to the hotel behind them . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 mr. mercer nodded , then strode toward the resort entrance as though he 'd been here a hundred times . 
 he probably had-and likely sutton had , too . 
 but to emma , this place was all new . 
 bentleys , high-end mercedes , and shiny porsches filled the parking lot . 
 the resort itself was made of clay-colored stone , and it seemed to blend into the cacti-speckled mountain behind it . 
 two large fire cauldrons flanked the entrance , and emma could see a sleek marble lobby through the grand double doors . 
 small-town girl goes five star , she headlined in her mind . 
 it made the day spa in nevada where she 'd worked as a towel girl look like a ramshackle car wash . 
 a prickle of a memory edged my vision . 
 i saw myself and my friends taking a yoga class on the grounds . 
 i could tell it was summer , because all of us were sweating and it was only 7 a.m. . 
 at the end of the class , when the instructor had everyone lie down and clear their minds , mine had swarmed with whirling thoughts . 
 i could n't tell what i 'd been worrying about , though . 
 two-timing garrett with thayer ? 
 my jealous little sister ? 
 did i know i was weeks-maybe even days-away from my death ? 
 `` we 're just getting here now , '' laurel said into her phone as she and emma entered the lobby . 
 she was on with mrs. mercer , who 'd come hours earlier to put the finishing touches on things . 
 grandma had gone with her and was probably rearranging the table linens and silverware . 
 laurel slid her phone back into her clutch and gave emma a sidelong glance . 
 `` you do n't seem like you 're in much of a partying mood tonight . 
 cheer up ! '' 
 emma tried not to flinch . 
 laurel had arrived back at the house mere minutes after emma had escaped from her room . 
 emma had watched her go into her bedroom and stand in the middle of the carpet , one finger tapping her lip . 
 then she 'd wheeled around and stared at emma , who 'd quickly turned and hurried into the bathroom as though she had n't been staring . 
 did laurel know she 'd been in there ? 
 did she know what emma had found ? 
 images of the bloody racket filtered through my mind as i stared at laurel . 
 did she feel remorse ? 
 how could she pretend everything was okay ? 
 shrugging off laurel 's comment , emma followed mr. mercer up cobblestone steps and past a crystal fountain filled with orange-and-white goldfish the size of hamsters . 
 she caught her reflection in the floor-to-ceiling mirrors just inside the lobby , barely recognizing herself . 
 she 'd chosen an emerald green cocktail dress and gold kitten heels from sutton 's closet . 
 the dress had still had a price tag attached ; it had cost over $ 700 . 
 she 'd slid into it tentatively , terrified she was going to rip a seam or get deodorant on it . 
 `` there 's my birthday boy ! '' 
 a familiar , husky voice rang out . 
 grandma mercer , dressed in a black-and-gold ball gown that looked like something a woman of a certain age might wear to the oscars , floated elegantly through the lobby . 
 she grabbed mr. mercer 's arm . 
 `` come , come ! '' 
 she said excitedly , her mouth standing out in bright pink lipstick . 
 `` the place looks amazing ! '' 
 she shot smiles at laurel and emma , and then led them past plush white leather couches that surrounded a fireplace . 
 brown-and-black-spotted cowhide rugs covered the rustic wooden floor . 
 grandma pushed two glass doors open , and they stepped onto a stone patio surrounded by acres of desert overlooking a dark blue man-made pond . 
 the patio was already filled with guests . 
 the men wore a mix of dark suits , linen pants , and crisp button-downs , while women were dressed in chic , jewel-toned cocktail dresses . 
 the sun hovered over the horizon , dyeing the sky cotton-candy pink , and waitresses buzzed amid the crowd with cocktails . 
 `` kristin has outdone herself , '' mr. mercer said in a she-shouldn ` t-have sort of voice , but emma could tell he was extremely pleased . 
 grandma 's brow furrowed . 
 `` i helped , too , '' she said sharply . 
 instead of responding to his mother , mr. mercer focused on someone across the patio . 
 emma stood on her tiptoes , and a chill passed through her . 
 it was thayer vega , looking effortlessly handsome in slim-cut chinos and a white oxford , his longish hair pushed back off his face . 
 he was talking to his father and nodding adamantly . 
 mr. mercer 's face turned pale . 
 he leaned close to emma and laurel . 
 `` did one of you invite him ? '' 
 suddenly , mrs. mercer sidled up between them . 
 she looked beautiful in a diane von furstenberg wrap dress , and diamond studs glinted in her ears . 
 `` is everything okay , sweetie ? 
 is n't this an amazing party ? '' 
 mr. mercer gave her a look . 
 `` what 's he doing here ? '' 
 sutton 's mother followed his gaze , then set her mouth in a line . 
 `` well , i invited the vegas , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 it was obvious the effort it took to keep her voice calm . 
 `` naturally they 'd assume that meant thayer , too . 
 now , please , just relax and enjoy yourself . 
 we do n't want to make waves . '' 
 mr. mercer 's face turned to stone . 
 `` i meant what i said , girls , '' he said , his dark eyes flashing . 
 `` promise me i can trust you . '' 
 emma threw her hands up in defense . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` you can always trust me , daddy , '' laurel added sweetly , tucking a lock of pale blond hair behind her ear . 
 almost immediately , mr. mercer was swept up by some of his guests , and emma wandered toward the buffet table , which was stocked with every kind of food imaginable , from sliders to filets mignons , grilled vegetables to complicated-looking souffles . 
 after popping a cheese cube in her mouth , emma looked around to see if any of her friends or ethan had arrived . 
 through the crowd , she spotted one of the mercers ' neighbors gesticulating as she entertained a group of women . 
 `` and we invited pastor wilkins to that book club ! 
 who knew an oprah 's book club pick would be so racy ! '' 
 she trilled . 
 two little girls sipped shirley temples by the bar , pretending they were adults . 
 then she caught a glimpse of mr. chamberlain , charlotte 's father . 
 he stood with his arm around charlotte 's mom , who wore a short leopard-print dress that hugged her flawless figure . 
 just then , sutton 's father crossed the patio and thumped mr. chamberlain hard on the back . 
 charlotte 's dad said something into mr. mercer 's ear , and mr. mercer threw his head back with laughter . 
 emma blinked . 
 she had n't realized those two knew each other . 
 she 'd only met mr. chamberlain once , the very night she 'd arrived in tucson . 
 he 'd greeted her uncomfortably in the sabino canyon parking lot , like she 'd caught him somewhere he was n't supposed to be . 
 she sensed something was n't quite right in the chamberlain home , but charlotte had never opened up , and emma had n't wanted to pry . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 cried a voice behind her . 
 emma swung around and nearly smacked into charlotte , madeline , and the twitter twins . 
 each was dressed in a gorgeous cocktail dress . 
 charlotte 's was red , which perfectly accented her peaches-and-cream skin , madeline 's was a vampy purple-black , and the twins wore shiny silver and gold numbers that barely covered their thighs . 
 `` say cheese ! '' 
 gabby said , angling her camera to snap a photo . 
 `` i 'm gon na tweet something about how fun fifty-fifth birthday parties can be-if you have the right attitude . '' 
 she winked . 
 charlotte looped an arm around emma 's shoulders . 
 `` are you having a good time ? '' 
 `` it 's certainly beautiful here , '' emma answered , eyeing sutton 's mother and father . 
 they were now standing in front of a big table full of gifts . 
 mr. mercer was shaking his head , a please-don ` t-tell-me-these-are-all-for-me look on his face . 
 `` where 's laurel ? '' 
 madeline scanned the crowd . 
 before anyone could answer , madeline shrugged and disappeared , saying something about finding her . 
 by the piqued look on her face , emma could tell she was afraid laurel was with her brother . 
 gabby sank into one hip , watching madeline go , too . 
 `` whoa . 
 hover much ? 
 she 's tracking him like an ankle bracelet . '' 
 `` i bet it 's because of their dad . '' 
 lili gestured across the patio . 
 mr. vega was now standing with his wife , picking at a plate full of strawberries dipped in chocolate . 
 `` you know what i heard ? '' 
 gabby whispered , her fingers still flying on her iphone . 
 `` mads 's dad is putting all kinds of pressure on thayer to get caught up in school . 
 plus , he 's , like , grounded for life for putting them through hell when he disappeared . '' 
 she widened her eyes . 
 `` why do you think thayer vanished , anyway ? 
 mads is n't talking . 
 do you think he was the leader of a p * rn ring ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 emma exclaimed before she could stop herself . 
 charlotte looked curious . 
 `` do you know where thayer was ? '' 
 emma clamped her mouth shut . 
 `` of course not , '' she said stiffly . 
 `` but he was n't doing that . '' 
 then , through the slowly melting ice sculptures , emma noticed a boy in dark trousers and a light blue button-down shirt appear at the patio door . 
 her heart soared . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 she called , waving him over . 
 ethan looked back and forth before locating emma . 
 a broad grin crossed his face , and he advanced straight for her , not tempted by the waitresses with their trays of food or drinks . 
 `` hey , '' he said , looking her up and down . 
 `` you look amazing . '' 
 emma kissed him on the cheek , feeling her stomach flip . 
 `` you look great , too . '' 
 she ran her hands through his still-damp hair . 
 his skin smelled like ivory soap . 
 ethan said hello to charlotte and the twitter twins , who greeted him like he was an old friend , then scanned the food spread , which now included a chocolate waterfall and at least ten different types of pies . 
 he let out a low whistle . 
 `` this is pretty incredible . '' 
 `` they went all out , '' emma said proudly . 
 `` i did n't know so many people from hollier would be here , '' ethan observed . 
 it was only then that emma noticed many of her classmates peppering the crowd . 
 there were girls from the tennis team and their parents , including nisha , who looked radiant in a short , white dress , and her dad . 
 a girl from german class was hanging out near the bar with a couple of guys from the tennis team , and a bunch of girls emma recognized from sutton 's birthday party were giggling near the string quartet . 
 quite a few of them were staring at emma and ethan like they were the new `` it '' couple . 
 emma took a glass of seltzer water from a passing waitress and shrugged . 
 `` i think mrs. mercer is on the pta . 
 maybe she 's gotten friendly with other parents over the years . '' 
 ethan looked down . 
 `` yeah , my parents were never really into that sort of thing . '' 
 emma squeezed his arm and gave him a quick kiss before pulling him into a quiet corner . 
 `` i found something in laurel 's room , '' she said . 
 then she took a deep breath . 
 `` i think it was the murder weapon . '' 
 ethan 's eyes widened as emma told him about the tennis racket . 
 `` did you steal it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i was worried she 'd notice it was gone . 
 and now it has my fingerprints on it . '' 
 ethan turned toward the crowd for a moment , watching as a waiter passed with a tray full of fruit tortes . 
 `` this could be your proof , '' he went on , his voice urgent . 
 `` i know , but how ? '' 
 emma urged . 
 `` if only we could test that strand of hair , or some of the blood ... but that would require telling the cops that sutton is dead . '' 
 she bit her lip and thought for a moment . 
 `` i guess i could write an anonymous note telling the cops everything , and then leave town immediately . 
 that way if they try to pin it on me , i 'll already be gone . 
 and i 've gotten pretty good at starting over under a new name . '' 
 emma let out a rueful laugh . 
 ethan looked horrified by the suggestion . 
 `` but whoever killed sutton might come after you for leaving-or for announcing to the world that she 's dead . 
 and more than that , where would you go , what would you do ? 
 your life is here . 
 and it 's amazing . '' 
 `` sutton 's life is amazing , '' emma corrected . 
 but then her shoulders slumped . 
 `` you 're right , though . 
 i have no idea what i 'd do . 
 i do n't have a life anymore . 
 i do n't have anything anymore . '' 
 she turned and looked at the view , taking in the low lights of the wading pool , the tranquil rocks , and the dazzling sunset . 
 melodic notes from the string quartet filled the air . 
 she allowed herself one moment to actually savor this , to wish that this was her life . 
 ethan leaned closer . 
 `` you have me , '' he reminded her . 
 emma wrapped her arms around him . 
 `` thank goodness for that . '' 
 when they pulled apart , emma felt someone staring at her from across the patio . 
 it was laurel , who was talking to madeline and standing much closer to thayer than mr. mercer would have liked , though emma did n't see mr. mercer anyway . 
 laurel was staring menacingly at emma , and a pang of fear gripped emma . 
 ethan noticed laurel , too , and pulled emma tight against him . 
 but even ethan 's protective grasp did n't make her feel better . 
 in fact , being around so many people was beginning to suffocate her . 
 she placed a hand on ethan 's arm . 
 `` i need to splash cold water on my face . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` want me to go with you ? '' 
 `` it 's okay , i just need a minute alone . '' 
 then she stepped across the patio and made her way into the foyer of the resort . 
 a cowhide rug splayed out in front of a giant fireplace . 
 potted orchids sat atop carved-stone tables , and silver-framed pictures of important-looking people dotted the walls . 
 as she passed through a long hallway , a hushed whisper stopped her in her tracks . 
 two people were talking just inside one of the dark conference rooms . 
 she would have kept going , but she recognized the raspy smoker 's voice immediately . 
 `` have you seen her again ? '' 
 grandma said . 
 her quiet words seethed with anger . 
 `` y-yes , '' a voice answered shakily . 
 emma clapped a hand over her mouth . 
 it was sutton 's dad . 
 she peeked around the corner . 
 mr. mercer and sutton 's grandmother were standing at the front of the room , near a big , white screen . 
 sutton 's grandmother 's face was pinched . 
 the top half of her body arched toward her son . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 grandma hissed . 
 she looked like she wanted to slap him . 
 `` she 's toxic for this family . 
 you need to stop this , now . '' 
 `` but - '' `` no buts . 
 what if kristin found out ? '' 
 emma blinked hard . 
 seeing her . 
 toxic for this family . 
 what if kristin found out ? 
 was mr. mercer having an affair ? 
 i could n't believe it either . 
 my dad did n't seem the type . 
 he acted like such an upstanding citizen , dedicated to his family and his surgery practice . 
 was everyone in my family keeping horrible secrets ? 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 suddenly , there was a footstep behind emma . 
 she jumped and turned , knocking into the long stone table against the wall . 
 thayer 's face swam before her eyes , and he whispered her name once more . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 but before emma could answer , a huge , thin vase on the table wobbled precariously . 
 it tipped as though in slow motion , tumbling to the floor and crashing into a thousand pieces . 
 in the conference room , mr. mercer and grandma snapped to attention . 
 their gazes flitted to the vase , then to emma . 
 blood drained from grandma 's cheeks . 
 mr. mercer 's mouth made an o. emma 's eyes locked on sutton 's dad . 
 running a hand through his hair , he barreled toward her , his eyes blazing . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma squealed , caught . 
 when she turned , thayer was no longer behind her , but ducking into the nearby men 's room . 
 giving the swinging restroom door no more than a passing glance , she sprinted toward the nearest door , and fled out of the resort . 
 i was tugged along behind her , away from my father , away from the party , and into the vast desert beyond . 
 but something about the look in my father 's eyes , something about emma running , all of it set wheels turning in my head . 
 all at once , i was tumbling headfirst into another memory . 
 and it was one i definitely did n't want to see . 
 16 another one bites the dust the next time i see you , you 're dead . 
 what a drama queen , i think , slipping the phone back into my pocket after pressing delete . 
 but right on the heels of that thought is a tiny sense of trepidation . 
 maybe we should n't have asked laurel to take thayer to the hospital . 
 i know how bad she has it for thayer . 
 i know how much it would kill her to know that thayer and i were secretly together . 
 sure , i 'd kind of wanted to rub it in . 
 sure , i 'd kind of wanted to show my sister yet again , look ! 
 i 'm way better than you . 
 but maybe i 'd pushed her too far . 
 i look around . 
 it 's so dark in the canyon , i can barely see my fingers in front of my face , and my phone 's lost service again . 
 i can just make out the road at the top of the incline . 
 the pavement cracks , and pebbles crisscross the path in zigzagging lines . 
 my heart pounds in my throat . 
 i should have been in nisha 's development by now . 
 am i lost ? 
 did i take a wrong turn ? 
 i think about the stories i see on the news about people getting lost up here and never being found . 
 what if that 's me ? 
 what if i die out here , and coyotes eat my bones ? 
 i 'll never go to prom . 
 i 'll never get that marc jacobs bag i had my eye on . 
 i 'll never tell thayer i love him again . 
 i 'll never do anything i wanted to do . 
 my limbs feel weightless as i whirl in a circle . 
 desert surrounds me in every direction . 
 i turn to look up at the canyon , hoping i can get my bearings . 
 rocks soar in a jagged arch , but none of their shapes look familiar . 
 and as i 'm swinging around , trying to figure out where the hell i am , i catch sight of a bench halfway up the cliff . 
 is that ... a person looking down at me ? 
 but then clouds obscure the moon and i ca n't make out anything at all . 
 you 're losing it , sutton , i say to myself , shaking out my hands . 
 get a grip . 
 focus . 
 you 're not going to die out here . 
 you 're going to find your way out . 
 and just because you and thayer ran from some freak up here does n't mean that person is still around . 
 i am sutton mercer , and if anyone can find a way out of this , it 's me . 
 an engine groans in the distance . 
 i turn to see headlights blazing over the crest of the road . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i scream , waving my arms . 
 i 've never been so thrilled to see a car in my life . 
 i consider hitchhiking-i 've done it before , and i really need a ride home . 
 and suddenly , that 's where i desperately want to go . 
 not to nisha 's . 
 not to madeline 's . 
 but home . 
 all at once , i 'm so eager to see my family it almost feels like a hunger pang . 
 i want my mom to make me chicken soup and tell me everything 's going to be okay . 
 i want my dad to tuck me in and assure me that the bad guys are never going to get me again . 
 i want to tell them i 'm sorry for everything i 've done lately , too . 
 i 've made things so tense at home , ignoring all their rules and being snippy with them at every turn . 
 it 's just that with my eighteenth birthday coming up , i want to know about my birth mother-more about where i came from . 
 i could have a whole other family out there that i do n't even know about . 
 maybe even a blood sister or brother . 
 but each time i bring it up , my mom starts crying and my dad gets this thin-lipped expression like somehow i 've wounded him to his core . 
 i always get what i want , but my parents are n't telling me anything , so i 've been punishing them by partying all night with mads or sneaking away to meet thayer when he 's back in town . 
 the approaching car bounces over the rocky earth and the tires kick up a cloud of dust . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i cry , waving my arms again . 
 but as the vehicle moves closer , i drop my arms to my sides . 
 why would a car be driving down this dead-end road ? 
 and why do those headlights look familiar ? 
 is it my car ? 
 is the mystery driver back ? 
 only , the headlights are n't the same shape as mine . 
 still , i recognize them from somewhere . 
 i shoot up straight as the car accelerates with a growl , aiming straight at me , covering ground at breakneck speed . 
 it 's going to run me over ! 
 i realize , shooting off the path . 
 just like someone ran thayer down . 
 my mind is suddenly spinning . 
 the next time i see you , you 're dead . 
 could it be laurel ? 
 has she lost her mind ? 
 i whirl around and sprint farther into the desert . 
 the engine responds , roaring louder and veering off the path , too . 
 a voice is calling out , but i ca n't hear it over the rev of the engine and the pops and bursts of the tires crunching over cacti and sending rocks flying . 
 i 'm running as fast as i can , but the car is gaining speed until i can feel its heat and velocity on my heels . 
 the headlights pour golden beams in front of me and i can see my pumping arms in shadow . 
 `` please ! '' 
 i scream , twisting around . 
 i try to see who the driver is , but it 's too dark-and my eyes are filled with tears . 
 `` please stop ! '' 
 the car is just a few feet from me now , about to take me down . 
 all at once , a screeching sound shatters the air . 
 and then , the car stops . 
 i glance over my shoulder just in time to see the window rolling down . 
 they have a gun ! 
 is all i can think , and i zag around a barrel cactus to get away . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 a voice screams . 
 i stop . 
 i know that voice . 
 i turn to see my dad hanging out the window . 
 i blink . 
 my heart starts to slow . 
 `` d-dad ? '' 
 i stammer , slowly walking back to him . 
 but something 's wrong . 
 my dad 's face is drawn . 
 the moonlight catches flecks of gray in his dark hair . 
 his eyebrows meet in the middle , and he glares at me like he 's disgusted by my very presence . 
 i hardly recognize the way he 's looking at me . 
 my dad climbs out of the car , springing forward like an angry rattlesnake . 
 his hand wraps around my arm . 
 hard . 
 my mouth falls open . 
 `` daddy , '' i whimper , staring down at my wrist where already five red welts are beginning to form . 
 `` let go . 
 you 're hurting me ! '' 
 but he does n't let go , instead continuing to look at me with a rage-filled , searching look , like he 's so angry with me he ca n't even find his voice . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 he finally spits out . 
 `` n-nothing ! '' 
 but my dad squeezes my wrist harder . 
 i stifle a gasp , sharp pain radiating through my arm . 
 `` i know you saw something . 
 why else would you guys run ? '' 
 my father 's voice is suddenly so eerily calm that it takes a second for the words to register . 
 i know you saw . 
 my pulse ratchets up as i put the pieces together . 
 this was why thayer had dragged me away from the overlook and practically pushed me down the trail . 
 he saw my dad doing...something-something that scared thayer . 
 something that thayer thought i should n't see . 
 and that 's when i notice there 's dust all over him . 
 desert dust . 
 the same dust that covers me from my race through the canyon . 
 a chill passes through me , and the sound of the footsteps pursuing me and thayer through the canyon echoes in my head . 
 someone had followed us . 
 someone had hit thayer . 
 but it seems impossible that it could have been my father chasing us . 
 he loves me . 
 he brought me peanut-butter ice cream when i fell off my bike . 
 he taught me how to serve a tennis ball . 
 he spent hours helping me restore my vintage racing volvo-the same volvo that just nearly killed the boy i love . 
 but the man who 's clutching my wrist so hard i fear it might break is someone i do n't know at all . 
 someone capable of hurting me . 
 someone capable of anything . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 i scream . 
 my father just wrenches me toward the car . 
 i try to break away from his grip , but he 's too strong . 
 my legs kick against the ground , digging in . 
 adrenaline takes over as i lunge forward and elbow my father in the chest . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 he screams , releasing me . 
 i turn and bolt . 
 my legs are on fire as i tear across the desert . 
 my feet kick up sand and dirt as i race away from him . 
 my hair flies across my face , and i try to push it away from my eyes . 
 not that it really matters . 
 i ca n't see where i 'm going , anyway . 
 and it does n't matter . 
 all i have to do is run and run and run until i 've lost him . 
 if i have to run forever , i will . 
 but from the sound of the engine revving behind me , i realize with sickening dread that i do n't have forever . 
 not anymore . 
 not if my dad runs me down , just like he ran down thayer . 
 17 hit and run dirt crunched beneath emma 's feet as she raced along a desert path . 
 what she wanted , right this second , was to be as far away from mr. mercer as possible . 
 she 'd seen that look before , in the angry eyes of foster dads . 
 with everything else going on , the last thing she needed was to do battle with him , too . 
 but maybe my sister 's battle was with my father . 
 i desperately hoped that i 'd misinterpreted the memory i 'd just seen . 
 maybe my dead-girl brain was playing tricks on me . 
 maybe it was just a dream i was remembering . 
 my dad had never looked at me like that in his life-had never , ever grabbed me or hurt me . 
 never . 
 and yet that night he had . 
 soon the sounds of the party faded away , and all emma could hear was her thudding heartbeat and the sandy gravel under her feet . 
 slowly , she replayed everything she 'd heard between mr. mercer and his mother , their cutting argument echoing in her mind . 
 mr. mercer was having an affair . 
 was it serious ? 
 there was a smooth rock ahead , dappled with moonlight . 
 emma dropped down to sit on it , her limbs aching from running in high heels . 
 as she traced the tiny fissures in the rock 's surface , a memory came back to her from her childhood . 
 occasionally , her mother had had boyfriends , and even though becky had abandoned emma when she was five , emma still remembered a few of them . 
 most of the guys worked as truckers , shifty salesmen , or did n't have jobs at all , but there was one guy becky particularly loved named joe , and emma had liked him , too . 
 he 'd watched cartoons with her and brought her candy and little toys from the 7-eleven , where he worked the graveyard shift . 
 he was so much nicer than the other guys becky dated that emma began to hope joe was her father-she was dying for one . 
 but then , one day , joe stopped coming around , and becky stopped talking about him . 
 `` that jerk cheated on me , '' becky snapped when emma asked where he was . 
 emma did n't know what becky meant-in her world , cheating meant moving your game piece extra spaces in candy land . 
 she 'd never even seen becky and joe play candy land together . 
 heaving a sigh , emma slipped off the rock and stretched , knowing she 'd have to get back to the party before anyone started asking questions . 
 a hand clapped down on her shoulder , and emma jumped . 
 laurel . 
 it had to be . 
 images of the bloody tennis racket shot through emma 's mind . 
 she spun around , certain she 'd see sutton 's sister behind her . 
 but it was thayer 's hazel eyes that blinked back at her . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 emma whispered , wheeling backward . 
 thayer 's white button-down had come untucked at the waist of his trousers . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 did you ... hear them ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' she admitted . 
 `` i heard everything . '' 
 thayer reached out as if to hug her , then clearly remembering their relationship had changed , awkwardly stuck his hands in his pockets instead . 
 `` this was what i was trying to protect you from that night at sabino , '' he said . 
 `` i saw your dad on the trail with ... well , someone who was n't your mom . 
 that 's why i tried to keep you away from them-and why i told you to run . '' 
 emma 's head snapped up . 
 she 'd not been expecting him to say that . 
 `` wait . 
 it was my dad on the trail ? '' 
 thayer exhaled loudly . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's why your dad ran after us . 
 he 'd realized i 'd seen him , '' he went on , sounding tormented . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you . 
 i was going to ... but then i was in the hospital , and then i went back to rehab , and then you stopped returning my emails . '' 
 my head was spinning right along with emma 's . 
 that desert dust i 'd seen on my father . 
 i 'd been right . 
 it was him we were running from . 
 him and some awful , home-wrecking woman . 
 that was why he demanded to know what i saw . 
 but had he come after me to bribe me to stay quiet-or shut me up for good ? 
 `` i have n't told laurel , '' thayer went on , pausing to wipe sweat from his brow . 
 `` and i do n't think you should either . '' 
 emma stared at him , feeling like her head was stuffed with cotton . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he bit his lip . 
 `` she is n't as strong as you are . 
 i just found out she was a complete mess after she took me to the hospital . '' 
 `` well , she was really angry at me , '' emma pointed out . 
 `` you said you thought she wanted to kill me . '' 
 thayer shook his head . 
 `` yeah , but i was at physical therapy this morning , and a nurse asked me how my girlfriend was . 
 i thought she meant you at first , but she was talking about ` the blond girl , the girl who stayed the night i was hurt . ' 
 apparently , even though i told her to go , laurel stayed in the waiting room , sobbing . '' 
 thayer took a breath , then ran his hand through his hair . 
 `` the nurse said she was so hysterical that they gave her a sedative and kept her in the hospital overnight for observation . 
 they did n't want her driving in that condition . '' 
 emma blinked as thayer 's words started to sink in . 
 she laced her hands behind her neck , trying to get her bearings . 
 `` hold on . 
 laurel was in the hospital all night ... and it was my dad at the canyon that night , '' she repeated . 
 `` yeah , '' thayer said softly . 
 an owl hooted in the distance . 
 a cloud passed over the moon . 
 emma looked at him . 
 `` did my dad ever say anything about that night to you ? 
 any kind of explanation for why he was there ? '' 
 thayer 's eyes narrowed , and he made a small , incredulous noise at the back of his throat . 
 `` i 'd say him running me down with your car was a pretty clear indication that he never wanted me mentioning that night again . '' 
 emma bolted upright , her limbs on fire . 
 `` he hit you ? '' 
 this is n't happening , i thought . 
 this can not be happening . 
 what i saw was no dream . 
 every last gritty , horrifying detail was real . 
 thayer looked at emma and shrugged . 
 `` who else could it be ? 
 your dad was chasing after us . 
 and whoever hit me was driving your car . 
 he has your keys , right ? '' 
 i had dropped my keys beside my car that night , but my dad definitely had a spare set , too . 
 emma 's mind reeled , and suddenly everything she had thought to be true was turned on its head , and another picture began to click into place . 
 so laurel did n't do it . 
 but someone else was there the night sutton died . 
 someone who had a motive to keep sutton quiet . 
 mr. mercer . 
 and then something else occurred to her . 
 what if mr. mercer was n't just trying to protect his affair ? 
 what if sutton had threatened to tell the police that he 'd run down thayer ? 
 what if he 'd killed her to shut her up ? 
 but mr. mercer was sutton 's father . 
 could it really be true ? 
 emma sank back onto the rock , placed her head in her hands , then , unexpectedly , burst into sobs . 
 maybe it was the stress of holding it together for so long , but suddenly , tears were streaming down her face fast and furious . 
 i wished i could cry , too . 
 from shock . 
 from numbness . 
 from the unfairness of it all . 
 but as hard as i tried , i could n't muster a single tear . 
 `` is this why my dad wanted laurel and me to stay away from you ? '' 
 she asked , her voice muffled through her fingers . 
 `` because you 'd tell us he 's cheating ? '' 
 and because you 'd tell me he 'd hit you with his car and then killed the twin i did n't even know i 'd had ? 
 she added silently . 
 `` i do n't know , '' thayer said softly . 
 he took a small step toward emma . 
 `` but maybe . '' 
 and then he sat down , pulled her close , and hugged her tight . 
 `` you 'll be fine . 
 i promise , '' he whispered ever so softly into her ear . 
 at first , emma 's body was stiff , but thayer felt so good against her that she began to relax . 
 she needed someone to hug her right now . 
 she needed someone to tell her it was going to be okay . 
 emma allowed herself to cry for a few minutes until the tears died out and the sobs were just little hiccups . 
 i stared at the two of them , feeling an uneasiness that had nothing to do with what i 'd just learned about my dad . 
 thayer was hugging a girl who looked just like me ... but was n't me , and there was nothing i could do to stop it . 
 after a moment , emma broke free from thayer , feeling awkward . 
 `` i should ... i need to be alone , '' she mumbled , brushing the tears from her face . 
 it was true , but she needed to be away from him , too . 
 it was n't fair to ethan to be taking comfort in another boy 's arms-especially when that boy was thayer . 
 thayer stared after her , his eyes soft in the moonlight . 
 `` you know i 'm always here for you , sutton . '' 
 `` thank you , '' emma said faintly , then moved down the path toward the hotel , taking even breaths as she processed everything thayer had just told her . 
 mr. mercer had killed his own daughter because she 'd known what he did . 
 but i had n't known it was him-not until he showed up in his own car . 
 it had been so dark that night , and i had n't seen the driver . 
 and i had n't seen him with his mistress because thayer had protected me from the truth . 
 he 'd done what my dad was supposed to do-take care of me and keep me out of harm 's way . 
 how could my father live with himself ? 
 did n't he love me ? 
 but then the memory i 'd just seen flared in my head again . 
 as much as i wanted to erase it , it only got darker , inkier . 
 that car heading for me . 
 those harsh words , get in the car , sutton ! 
 that hand around my wrist , those strong muscles dragging me in the dirt . 
 even though no one could hear me , i opened my mouth and wailed . 
 my killer was my father . 
 18 watch your back that night emma lay in sutton 's bed , wide awake . 
 she 'd fled from the party after her discussion with thayer , not wanting to face mr. mercer . 
 she 'd sent sutton 's friends quick texts before she left , saying she did n't feel well , but she knew it probably looked crazy . 
 once she 'd gotten back to the mercers ' , she 'd had a long call with ethan , discussing everything she 'd learned . 
 he 'd wanted to come over immediately and only backed down when emma promised him she 'd call him first thing tomorrow ; she could n't risk mr. mercer realizing that ethan knew about him , too . 
 then she 'd locked herself in her bedroom , pushed sutton 's dresser in front of the door , and thrown the covers over her head . 
 mrs. mercer had knocked on emma 's door an hour ago and asked if she was okay , but emma had pretended to be sleeping . 
 it was probably something she ate , she 'd heard sutton 's mom whisper in the hall . 
 or something she drank , grandma mercer groaned . 
 emma did n't hear mr. mercer at all . 
 she knew the sick excuse would n't hold for long-she 'd have to face the family sometime . 
 mr. mercer knew she 'd heard him . 
 but did he know that she 'd put the pieces together ? 
 and what was mr. mercer waiting for-why had n't he killed her already ? 
 he had to know how much snooping she 'd done . 
 would he make it look like she 'd died in an accident ? 
 that way , both emma and sutton would be gone in one fell swoop . 
 i 'd also wondered if my murderer was biding his time , figuring out the best way to kill emma so that it seemed like an accident-a car wreck , overdose , nasty fall . 
 my dad was a doctor and had access to all kinds of drugs . 
 was he planning to poison emma in her sleep , then play the role of grieving father for the rest of the world ? 
 the white curtains billowed like ghosts . 
 sutton 's cavernous closet was ajar , revealing neatly hung dresses and blouses . 
 her computer flashed a rotating screen saver of her best friends . 
 now that emma had uploaded new photos , pictures of both her and sutton flashed across the screen . 
 there was one with sutton in her hollier tennis uniform . 
 the next one captured emma and charlotte at la encantada , posing in crazy outfits in the neiman 's dressing room . 
 the only difference in the twins ' smiling faces was the tiny scar on emma 's chin , which emma had gotten from falling off the hamburglar at a mcdonald 's playplace when she was little . 
 emma sat straight up . 
 mr. mercer had pointed out that scar the very first morning she 'd eaten breakfast with the family . 
 maybe it was some kind of warning , that the smallest difference could blow her secret if she was n't careful . 
 she flopped back in bed , filled with dread and fear and heavy sadness . 
 mr. mercer seemed so sweet and caring , like the kind of man who 'd do anything for his daughters , which made it all the more heartbreaking that he 'd done something so terrible . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , disgusted at the whole idea of it . 
 of everything that 'd happened since my death , this was the hardest to process . 
 i felt like i was drowning every time i thought of the ways my father had let me down . 
 how could he cheat on my mother ? 
 he had to know it would destroy our family . 
 and how could he kill me ? 
 how could my father squeeze the life out of me , his daughter ? 
 maybe he 'd never loved me . 
 maybe i was just some adopted daughter he 'd never really wanted in the first place . 
 with sleep nowhere in sight , emma rolled over and pulled out her sutton investigation notebook from under the bed and opened it to an empty page . 
 mr. mercer , she wrote at the top . 
 it pained her to even pen such a thing . 
 then she leaned back to think . 
 had he known about emma all along ? 
 had becky mentioned that sutton was a twin when she put her up for adoption ? 
 had he put that video of sutton getting strangled on the internet , hoping emma would see it and come forward ? 
 emma had always thought it was some sick coincidence that travis , her then-foster brother , had found the snuff video that led emma to sutton the very night sutton died . 
 but mr. mercer must have gone through laurel 's lying game videos and found one that would get someone 's attention . 
 and then he 'd hijacked sutton 's facebook account and written back to emma . 
 sutton kept herself auto-logged in . 
 it all would have been so easy . 
 then emma thought again about that first morning she 'd eaten breakfast with the mercers . 
 mr. mercer had disappeared from the house in the middle of coffee , saying he was grabbing the paper . 
 he had time to affix the sutton 's dead note to laurel 's car . 
 he was friends with mr. chamberlain , and if sutton and her friends knew the chamberlains ' alarm code , it was definitely possible that mr. mercer did as well . 
 for all emma knew , the mercers housesat for the chamberlains when they went on vacation . 
 emma was n't sure how he could have gotten into the school auditorium unnoticed to drop the light on her , but sutton 's father was agile-he went for runs every morning before work and sometimes hiked on the weekends . 
 he was probably capable of a lot . 
 a creak sounded in the hallway , and panic welled inside emma 's chest . 
 what if that was sutton 's dad ? 
 there was another loud creak , definitely a footstep . 
 emma stifled a small sob . 
 it had been terrifying living under the same roof as laurel when emma thought she 'd killed sutton . 
 but mr. mercer was twice her size . 
 emma would n't stand a chance . 
 the doorknob started to turn . 
 heart in her throat , emma waited for the door to open and bang into the oak bureau , but then drake let out a yelping bark , and the doorknob turned back into place . 
 emma 's pulse was still racing as the footsteps retreated along the hall . 
 she stared up at the ceiling . 
 moonlight illuminated a miniscule web of cracks that fanned out from the light fixture overhead . 
 emma counted them over and over , wondering if she 'd ever be able to sleep again . 
 19 one big unhappy family emma stayed like that for the rest of the night , with the covers pulled up to her chin . 
 every clang of a pipe or swish of air inside a vent made her heart race . 
 when she 'd heard mr. mercer 's alarm sound at 6 a.m. , followed by the creak of the stairs as he walked down in his running shoes , she 'd leapt to the window to watch him jog down the street casually and easily . 
 like he was n't a murderer . 
 like he had n't tried to come into emma 's room last night to possibly kill her , too . 
 by ten , emma desperately had to use the bathroom . 
 reluctantly she climbed from bed and stumbled down the hall , locking the door behind her . 
 she got in the shower , letting the sound of rushing water drown out her sobs . 
 when she finally collected herself , she turned off the tap and used her palm to clear the steam from the mirror . 
 she stared at her reflection and for a second pretended it was sutton 's periwinkle eyes staring back . 
 `` i need you , sutton , '' she whispered . 
 she knew it was crazy to talk to her dead twin , but she felt a little crazy right now . 
 `` tell me what to do . 
 tell me how to solve your murder . 
 tell me how to incriminate him . '' 
 i stared back , wishing i could download my memory onto a dvd and play it for officer quinlan . 
 but i could n't . 
 all i could do was watch and hope my sister did n't end up like me . 
 after emma dressed , she opened the bedroom door to find laurel standing with her hand poised to knock . 
 `` there you are , '' she said . 
 `` ready for breakfast , or are you still too sick ? '' 
 emma stared blearily at sutton 's sister . 
 out of habit , her muscles tensed , and she tightened her jaw , but then she realized-laurel was n't a suspect anymore , for real . 
 all of a sudden , she wanted to throw her arms around laurel simply for not killing sutton . 
 but then she registered laurel 's question . 
 breakfast meant facing mr. mercer . 
 `` um , i 'm still feeling pretty bad , '' she mumbled . 
 `` oh , come on . '' 
 laurel linked her arm around emma 's elbow . 
 `` dad 's famous pancakes will fix you right up . '' 
 before emma could protest , laurel dragged her down the stairs and into the kitchen . 
 when emma saw mr. mercer 's tall , straight back at the stove , pouring pancake batter into a frying pan , she froze . 
 murderous father plays the part of doting family man , she thought , picturing a grainy , black-and-white photograph of mr. mercer holding a spatula and grinning maniacally into the camera . 
 i watched my father , too , wishing i could grab him from behind and shake him hard . 
 `` how could you ?! '' 
 i screamed at his back . 
 `` i trusted you ! 
 i loved you ! '' 
 but as usual , my voice instantly evaporated , like i 'd yelled into an airless tunnel . 
 mr. mercer turned and stared at emma . 
 his lips spasmed slightly , as though the effort of holding back his anger in front of laurel was too much for him . 
 `` oh . 
 sutton . 
 you 're awake . '' 
 he awkwardly scratched a spot by his nose . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 emma cast her eyes down , feeling her cheeks burn . 
 `` uh-huh , '' she mumbled . 
 laurel slumped into her regular breakfast seat . 
 `` you missed the best part of dad 's party , sutton-the cake . 
 it was ah-may-zing . 
 then again , you seem to be ditching all kinds of parties these days , including your own . '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` it was a nasty case of food poisoning , '' emma mumbled , clutching her stomach for effect . 
 `` in fact , i should probably go upstairs and lie down some more . 
 i 'm still feeling dizzy . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 a little food in your stomach will do you good , '' a sharp voice said to emma 's left . 
 she looked over and saw grandma at the table , a mug of coffee before her . 
 her eyes were cold , and she looked emma up and down with pursed lips . 
 `` funny , you do n't look sick . '' 
 her gaze shifted to mr. mercer . 
 `` does she ? '' 
 mr. mercer flinched , dropping the ladle into the batter bowl . 
 emma 's heart was pounding so hard she was sure everyone could hear it . 
 `` what do you think poisoned you ? '' 
 laurel asked , looking a little worried . 
 `` i hope i do n't get sick , too . '' 
 emma shifted her weight , suddenly not remembering a single morsel of food that had been served at the party . 
 `` uh , a hot dog , maybe , '' she blurted , thinking of the time she 'd gotten food poisoning from a hot dog she 'd bought at a vegas street stand . 
 grandma gave emma a pointed look . 
 `` hmm . 
 i thought the food was delicious . 
 are you sure it was n't something else that ... upset your stomach ? '' 
 `` she said it was the food , mom , '' mr. mercer snapped . 
 `` just drop it . '' 
 grandma 's wrinkled lips flattened into a frown , but she stayed quiet . 
 laurel swiveled back and forth , staring at all of them . 
 `` uh , does someone want to let me in on the joke ? '' 
 no one answered . 
 emma shrank against the wall , wishing grandma would keep her mouth shut . 
 she was playing with fire-and she did n't even know the half of it . 
 just then , mrs. mercer swept into the room , all sunshine and happiness . 
 `` everyone 's up ! '' 
 she trilled . 
 `` and we 're all having pancakes ! 
 how lovely ! '' 
 she glided over to mr. mercer at the stove . 
 `` and how 's the birthday boy ? 
 did you enjoy your party last night ? '' 
 mr. mercer swallowed hard and mumbled a less-than-enthusiastic yes . 
 mrs. mercer poked his side . 
 `` you 'd better be happier about it than that ! 
 i thought it was a resounding success ! 
 did n't you , gloria ? '' 
 she looked at grandma . 
 grandma mercer 's gaze was still on emma . 
 `` i think it had its good moments and its bad moments , '' she said in a pinched voice . 
 mrs. mercer paused and stared from grandma to her husband to emma . 
 `` did i miss something ? '' 
 she asked tentatively . 
 `` that 's what i want to know , '' laurel said . 
 `` they 're all acting really weird . '' 
 `` we 're acting fine , '' mr. mercer said quickly , flopping several pancakes on the plate so forcefully that one nearly flipped onto the floor . 
 he carried the plate over and set it on the table . 
 `` voila . 
 enjoy . '' 
 mrs. mercer reached for a pancake , the chipper expression returning to her face . 
 `` so , girls , i found out last night from mr. banerjee that the school dance was canceled because of some kind of vandalism , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 laurel grabbed the syrup , which was in a striped ceramic jug . 
 `` oh , it was just a stupid thing . 
 some freshman girls did it , but because they wo n't fess up the dance is off . '' 
 she poured the syrup onto her stack of pancakes . 
 `` i heard that it 's really canceled , though , because the teachers wanted to use the money they set aside for the dance to go to some off-site conference at a spa in sedona . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 mrs. mercer said , her brow crinkling . 
 `` well , i 'll be sure to bring that up at the next pta meeting . '' 
 laurel took a big bite of her pancake and washed it down with orange juice . 
 `` sutton and i will be home late that night , though . 
 the tennis team is having a get-together after practice . '' 
 she was lying , of course . 
 but the mercer parents were n't likely to go along with their daughters breaking into the school gym to throw a dance . 
 `` it 'll be fun to do some team bonding off the court , '' laurel chirped . 
 `` do n't you agree , sutton ? '' 
 emma glanced up from her plate of pancakes . 
 `` um , yeah , '' she mumbled . 
 `` really fun . '' 
 `` and the get-together was nisha 's idea , '' laurel went on , meeting eyes with emma . 
 mrs. mercer 's eyes lit up . 
 she had nisha on a pedestal like some teenage version of mother teresa . 
 `` that girl is always thinking about what 's best for the team , '' she murmured . 
 grandma mercer stared at emma . 
 `` just like you , sutton . 
 remember last year , when you made those team t-shirts ? 
 your father told me about how clever your wording was . 
 what was it again ? '' 
 emma looked up and felt four pairs of eyes on her . 
 mrs. mercer , laurel , and grandma just looked inquisitive , interested . 
 but mr. mercer 's gaze was cold and threatening . 
 she could practically hear his thoughts : keep playing along . 
 keep your mouth shut . 
 emma jumped up abruptly , nearly upending the jug of syrup . 
 she could n't stand another second of this . 
 `` um , can i be excused ? '' 
 mrs. mercer looked surprised . 
 `` are you still not feeling well ? '' 
 emma shook her head , careful to avoid eye contact with everyone . 
 mrs. mercer let out a note of concern . 
 `` oh , you poor thing ! '' 
 she said , following emma out of the room . 
 `` is there anything i can do for you ? 
 get you some ginger ale ? 
 bring you up some of your favorite dvds ? '' 
 emma stared at mrs. mercer . 
 her face was so kind , open and giving . 
 all of a sudden , she felt a swell of sympathy for her . 
 your husband is cheating on you , she wanted to say . 
 and i think he killed your daughter . 
 `` thanks , '' she murmured , standing on her tiptoes and wrapping her arms around sutton 's mom . 
 when she pulled away , mrs. mercer looked surprised , but also touched . 
 sadness settled in my chest . 
 it was , i realized , exactly what i 'd yearned for the last night i was alive , when i was lost in the canyon . 
 all i 'd wanted was the safety of my mom and dad . 
 little had i known that my dad was the one i should fear the most . 
 20 where it all began sunday evening , emma pulled into the dusty parking lot of sabino canyon . 
 as she cut the engine , she looked at sutton 's volvo with disgust . 
 normally , sutton 's car calmed her-there was something so special about the shiny chrome , the buttery leather , even the effort she had to put into turning the steering wheel since automatic steering had n't been invented when this car was built . 
 but now , all she could think of was mr. mercer behind the wheel , using this car to mow down thayer . 
 the police had fingerprinted the car when it was impounded last week . 
 at the time , emma had thought nothing of it when quinlan said the only prints in the car belonged to sutton and her father . 
 but she knew better now . 
 the lot was empty and dark , the only light from the half moon shining overhead . 
 emma locked the volvo behind her and made her way across the gravel to the bench where she 'd sat on her very first night in tucson . 
 the world had felt so full of promise then . 
 she 'd thought she 'd meet the twin she never knew she had and maybe , just maybe , become part of sutton 's family . 
 how ironic that her new life had begun in the exact same place her sister 's life had ended-and that she 'd only become part of sutton 's family because mr. mercer killed his adoptive daughter . 
 all day , sutton 's dad had continued to be sharp with emma , and so had grandma . 
 the two of them had been snippy with each other , too , making everyone else in the family uncomfortable . 
 by the time grandma had left , she and mr. mercer were barely speaking . 
 grandma had given emma a big hug before she got in her car , squeezing her tight . 
 then she 'd leaned in and whispered , `` do n't go getting into any trouble . '' 
 emma had n't known what to make of sutton 's grandmother 's warning . 
 did grandma know what her son had done to sutton ? 
 but that seemed inconceivable . 
 grandma might have been tough as nails and as prickly as a cactus , but she was n't a killer . 
 emma kept picturing mr. mercer hitting thayer with sutton 's car , then abandoning it for the cops to find . 
 had he disposed of it before or after he 'd killed sutton ? 
 how exactly had he killed sutton ? 
 and where had he stashed her body ? 
 i was wondering all the same things . 
 and i kept racking my brain for clues that my dad had been having an affair . 
 had i ever seen him skulking around , acting weird ? 
 i remember having a flicker of us not being so close anymore-could that be why ? 
 maybe i 'd sensed something was off before thayer and i had come upon my dad and the woman at sabino canyon . 
 maybe i 'd even confronted my dad , and then kept my distance . 
 but frustratingly , i could n't put my finger on a specific memory . 
 footsteps crunched toward the bench , but emma did n't flinch . 
 she 'd texted ethan on her way over , asking if he 'd meet her here . 
 his and nisha 's houses were just a few blocks away . 
 he sat down next to her , slipped his hand into hers , and tipped his face skyward . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` not great , '' emma admitted . 
 `` you look exhausted . '' 
 ethan shut his eyes . 
 `` i 'm guessing you did n't sleep at all ? '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` how can i ? 
 he 's right down the hall . 
 i think he tried to come into my room last night , '' she said , fiddling with the cuff of her jacket . 
 ethan 's jaw dropped . 
 `` but he did n't ? '' 
 `` no . 
 drake stopped him . '' 
 for a while they were just silent . 
 a brisk wind whipped through the canyon , brushing emma 's hair off her shoulders . 
 she glanced at the myriad of trails leading up into the mountain range . 
 it was so beautiful in daylight , but now it looked like a hulking mass , ready to swallow whole anyone who dared hike it . 
 `` i ca n't believe it all happened here . 
 i ca n't believe that mr. mercer hit thayer , then went after his daughter right here , '' emma whispered , looking around cautiously , like mr. mercer might leap out at them at any moment . 
 but aside from a roadrunner darting across the lot , they were alone . 
 `` i need real proof . 
 only ... how ? '' 
 ethan swallowed , looking sick to his stomach . 
 `` there has to be some hard evidence somewhere , '' he said . 
 `` research he did on you before contacting you . 
 or maybe someone else knows about what he did-like this woman he 's having an affair with . 
 maybe he wrote an incriminating email . 
 or maybe he plans to see this woman again , and we could follow them . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` she was there that night in the canyon . 
 what if she helped him cover it up ? 
 if i could figure out who this woman is , maybe i could get her to corroborate the story . '' 
 then she frowned . 
 `` but how do i find out that stuff ? '' 
 ethan thought for a moment . 
 `` does your dad use gmail ? '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` he might have a calendar on there . '' 
 ethan asked for sutton 's cell phone , logged into her email , and then looked at the shared calendars she had with the rest of the mercer family . 
 `` here , '' he said , showing her the screen . 
 `` your dad shares his work schedule with your mom and you . 
 it looks like he 's out of the office thursday afternoon for a conference . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 emma asked , peering at the screen . 
 `` he really could be going to a conference . 
 not meeting with a woman . '' 
 `` yeah , but either way , he 's not in his office-that 's a perfect opportunity for you to sneak in . 
 you do n't think he 'd keep that kind of information at home , do you ? '' 
 emma paused . 
 she 'd never thought about that . 
 `` i guess someone having an affair would want to hide it , would n't they ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 `` will you come with me ? '' 
 the idea of breaking into mr. mercer 's office freaked her out . 
 ethan gave the phone back to emma , looking chagrined . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have to take my mom to another doctor 's appointment that afternoon . '' 
 emma bit her lip , not wanting to complain . 
 `` okay . 
 but can i call you after ? '' 
 ethan squeezed her hand . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i wish it was sooner . 
 i do n't know how to make it until thursday , '' emma said softly . 
 `` you can do it , emma . 
 you 're so close . '' 
 emma closed her eyes . 
 `` after my mom left , i wished every night that she would come home and pick me up . 
 she used to love treasure hunts , '' emma said , remembering the little notes becky would leave under her pillow or in the egg tray in the fridge . 
 `` i thought if i could just figure out the clues , i 'd find her again . 
 we 'd move into our very own house , get a golden retriever , and be a real family . 
 we 'd be happy . 
 but i 've lived with dozens of families now , and not one of them seems happy . '' 
 a cloud shifted over the moon , momentarily plunging them into complete darkness . 
 `` my family certainly is n't happy , '' ethan muttered . 
 `` but i do n't think it 's the way it has to be . 
 at some point , you get to choose who you 're with . '' 
 he cleared his throat awkwardly . 
 `` like we 're choosing to be together . '' 
 despite her stress and exhaustion , emma could n't help but smile . 
 `` well let 's choose to be together , here , for a little while longer . 
 i 'm not ready to go home yet . '' 
 ethan leaned back into the bench and put his arm around her shoulder , settling in . 
 `` we can stay here as long as you want . '' 
 hours later , emma lay in bed , glancing every so often at sutton 's bureau , which she 'd once again pushed in front of the door . 
 to stay calm , she 'd started a cute couple stuff i want to do with ethan list , which included making each other ipod playlists of meaningful songs , and a most romantic things ethan has ever said to me list , which featured ethan telling emma that he would protect her from sutton 's killer , no matter what . 
 `` come out and play , '' a voice suddenly sang . 
 emma sat up straight in bed , looking wildly around . 
 `` come out ... '' the voice sang again . 
 but it was n't mr. mercer . 
 and it was n't coming from the hall , either . 
 emma went to sutton 's window and drew back the curtain . 
 and there in the front lawn , standing underneath the large oak tree , was a woman with stringy dark hair and a round face . 
 emma 's jaw dropped . 
 it was her mother , becky . 
 she was so much paler than emma remembered , her skin a ghostly white against the night sky . 
 tattered rope bracelets crossed both of becky 's wrists . 
 her worn jeans were rolled up at the bottom to expose her long , thin bare feet . 
 her faded red t-shirt hugged her slim shoulders and flared out at her stomach . 
 the words on it were blurry , but the shirt suddenly felt achingly familiar-emma knew she 'd seen it before . 
 so had i. i could n't place it , but i knew the t-shirt like it was one of my own-maybe i 'd seen it in one of emma 's dreams ? 
 `` mom ? '' 
 emma called . 
 she leaned forward and squinted , trying to get a better glimpse of her mother , but becky kept her eyes cast down at the wet earth . 
 emma could barely make out her face in the darkness . 
 `` hold on , mom . 
 i 'm coming ! '' 
 emma said , shimmying out sutton 's window , grabbing onto a tree branch , and swinging to the ground . 
 rainwater soaked her feet and ankles , dampening her nightgown . 
 as soon as becky saw her , she took a step backward , like a scared animal . 
 `` no , mom , wait , '' emma called , pushing through the thick night air . 
 `` i want to talk to you . '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk . 
 i want to play , '' becky said in a childish voice . 
 `` please ? '' 
 emma said , reaching out . 
 `` i need you to help me . 
 i need you to make sense of all this . '' 
 becky lifted her gaze to meet emma 's . 
 her eyes were an icy , ghostly blue . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she said . 
 `` for everything i 've done . 
 for disappointing you . '' 
 she swiped a dark lock of hair away from her eyes , leaving a streak of mud like war paint across her forehead . 
 `` for leaving you . '' 
 emma reached her arms out . 
 `` please hug me , '' she begged . 
 but becky just stepped back . 
 `` i 'm watching you . 
 i 've been watching you this whole time , sutton . '' 
 emma blinked . 
 `` i 'm not sutton . '' 
 becky tilted her chin as though she did n't quite believe what emma told her . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 emma tried to rest her hands on becky 's arms , but they were too slippery-as though a slick , icy substance covered her skin . 
 `` i 'm emma , '' she said . 
 `` do n't you remember ? '' 
 becky shook her head vehemently . 
 `` you 're in sutton 's house , '' she said , inching farther away from emma . 
 `` you have to be sutton ! '' 
 she suddenly looked furious . 
 she stepped forward and grabbed for emma 's wrists , missing them . 
 `` tell me the truth ! 
 tell me who you are ! '' 
 she swiped again , this time slashing emma 's skin with her long nails . 
 but as soon as she touched emma , becky disintegrated into a heap of ash . 
 someone laughed in the distance . 
 it sounded like mr. mercer 's throaty , baritone chuckle . 
 emma woke with a start , cold sweat soaking sutton 's pajamas . 
 she was back in sutton 's bed , nowhere near the windows . 
 the glowing numbers on sutton 's alarm clock read 2:03 a.m. . 
 she wrapped the covers around her and tried to catch her breath . 
 she rubbed her eyes again and again , but she still could n't completely rid her mind of the dream images that flitted behind them . 
 becky had seemed so close , like she 'd been lurking around the mercers ' house , just waiting for a glimpse of her daughter . 
 it was the same wish she always had-that becky was somehow keeping tabs on her and still cared about her life-especially during times of stress . 
 but it was foolish . 
 becky did n't care about her twins . 
 she was reckless and self-absorbed and capricious . 
 she had abandoned both of her girls without looking back . 
 now one of her daughters was dead . 
 and the other was living with her killer . 
 21 wandering minds `` okay , major breakthrough for our party on friday ! '' 
 charlotte trilled as she flopped into a seat next to emma in the library on monday afternoon . 
 `` i talked to the guy at plush , and he can be our bouncer . 
 and i got this awesome deal on hors d'oeuvres from this caterer my mom uses . 
 is n't that amazing ? '' 
 emma tried to muster a smile , though she was surprised at how loudly charlotte was talking . 
 not that the librarian on duty , a college-age boy who had big headphones over his ears , seemed to care . 
 study halls at hollier , emma noticed , involved very little studying . 
 even the kids who were reading were looking at dog-eared copies of vogue and sports illustrated . 
 `` i got a lot done , too ! '' 
 gabby exclaimed , pulling up a chair . 
 `` lili and i sent out invites over the weekend , and everyone seems really into it . 
 some people seemed a little nervous , since it 's on school property , but i have it on good authority that ambrose and all the administrators are going to be in sedona at that conference . '' 
 `` we 're totally in the clear , '' lili affirmed . 
 `` and we told everyone to park far away so the cars wo n't attract attention . '' 
 charlotte grinned at emma . 
 `` our own dance , sponsored by the lying game ! '' 
 `` mm-hmm , '' emma said vaguely . 
 she reached over to pull sutton 's phone out of her bag , but the whole thing tipped over instead . 
 books spilled onto the carpet . 
 her water bottle rolled under the next table . 
 instantly , two girls sprang up and scooped her books into their arms . 
 a guy she did n't recognize saved her bottle and gathered sutton 's makeup . 
 everything was returned neatly to her purse without emma having to move a muscle . 
 `` typical , '' gabby said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` we 're back on top , now that everyone knows about the secret dance and wants an invite . '' 
 `` is something distracting you , sutton ? '' 
 charlotte asked , looking concerned . 
 `` of course not , '' emma said quickly , though she knew it sounded like a lie . 
 she 'd been thinking about mr. mercer all day , turning the case over and over in her head . 
 `` so i 've invited the usual people , plus a bunch of kids from the newspaper , student council , the fashion club , the crew team , and yearbook , '' gabby reported , smoothing down her plaid pleated skirt . 
 `` lili sent invites to juniors , sophomores , and a few freshmen . 
 we 're trying to keep it exclusive so we do n't get busted . 
 the devious four are going to be so pissed , though-obviously , they were n't on the list . '' 
 `` but we 'll make it easy for them to crash , right ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 lili tapped away on her phone . 
 `` and then we 'll nail them . '' 
 charlotte looked at emma . 
 `` how 's ethan coming on that video footage ? 
 i love your idea about projecting it onto the gym wall . '' 
 `` i think he 's getting pretty close , '' emma said . 
 actually , she was n't sure how ethan was doing with the footage-it had n't exactly been at the top of her priority list . 
 they 'd spent the rest of last night in silence , looking up at the stars , and holding hands until emma had to drag herself back to the mercers ' . 
 emma shook her head . 
 mr. mercer was certainly a good actor-he 'd behaved like he had no idea where sutton 's car was , going along with emma 's story that it was at madeline 's . 
 he 'd played the loving , if occasionally awkward , father to a t. was it possible he was used to lying about things , covering up secrets ? 
 was it possible he had a criminal past ? 
 she thought about what grandma mercer had said about mr. mercer living in california for years before abruptly moving to tucson shortly after they adopted sutton . 
 perhaps he had a criminal record there . 
 people did n't become murderers out of nowhere , after all . 
 waiting until thursday to search mr. mercer 's office felt so far off . 
 maybe if she looked into mr. mercer 's past , she could find some previous incidents that would help prove that mr. mercer had a violent streak . 
 a violent streak . 
 i could n't stomach it . 
 had i ever seen my dad be violent before that night ? 
 if only i could just remember . 
 `` earth to sutton , '' gabby said , waving her hands in front of emma 's face . 
 `` did you even hear what i said ? '' 
 when emma looked up , gabby , lili , and charlotte were staring at her quizzically . 
 she wondered how long she had n't been paying attention . 
 she brushed a lock of hair behind her shoulder and straightened up . 
 `` um , totally , '' she fudged . 
 the shrill blare of the bell startled them . 
 everyone rose from their seats and headed for the door , chattering excitedly , as this was the last period of the day . 
 buses idled on the curb outside . 
 a line of cars had already begun to form at the exit . 
 madeline was waiting in the hall , her coat on . 
 charlotte quickly filled them in on the plan to coordinate outfits . 
 madeline 's eyes lit up . 
 `` ooh , shopping ! 
 want to go tomorrow when you guys are done with practice ? '' 
 everyone nodded . 
 charlotte turned to emma . 
 `` i guess we 'll fill laurel in at practice . '' 
 madeline made a face . 
 `` i do n't know if we should include her-she seems to be a little too busy hanging out with my brother to help us plan . 
 i think someone might need her lying game privileges revoked . '' 
 `` that might be a tad dramatic , mads , '' charlotte said in a soothing tone . 
 she shifted her weight . 
 `` right , sutton ? '' 
 emma nodded quickly . 
 now that laurel was n't a suspect , she saw the situation for what it was : a girl who had a massive crush on her hot best friend . 
 laurel wanted to spend as much time as possible with thayer in order to win him over-or maybe to keep him away from her older sister . 
 madeline shrugged , then spun on her heel and marched in the opposite direction . 
 lili and gabby followed , still texting . 
 charlotte touched emma 's arm and steered her down the hall the other way . 
 `` is something bothering you ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 emma took out her hair tie and let her long hair spill over her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she said . 
 `` just a little stressed out lately , i guess . '' 
 even if she could n't tell charlotte what was really wrong , it felt good to admit that she was struggling . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 charlotte said as they skirted around a bunch of girls looking at something on their phones . 
 emma overheard the words invite and secret dance . 
 `` you were n't really sick with food poisoning at your dad 's party , were you ? '' 
 emma 's head shot up . 
 she opened her mouth , but no sound came out . 
 `` someone said they saw you outside with thayer , '' charlotte said out of the corner of her mouth . 
 heat rose to emma 's cheeks as she started up the stairs . 
 `` they said you were holding hands , '' charlotte went on . 
 `` and that you looked upset . '' 
 emma glanced over her shoulder . 
 `` who said that ? '' 
 charlotte stopped on the landing , letting kids pass by . 
 she lowered her eyes . 
 `` actually , it was me-i saw you . 
 but i 'm worried . 
 is everything okay ? 
 what were you guys talking about ? '' 
 emma glanced at charlotte . 
 for just a split second , she considered spilling everything . 
 but how ? 
 actually , char , i 'm not really sutton , but her twin . 
 and i think her dad killed her , and i think he 's forcing me to be her until he gets around to killing me , too . 
 and , oh yeah , i think he hit thayer with sutton 's car . 
 no biggie . 
 `` we were just talking about old times , '' she said stiffly . 
 `` are you thinking about getting back together ? 
 what about ethan ? '' 
 `` ethan and i are fine , '' emma said . 
 `` like i said , we were just discussing something that happened a long time ago . 
 it 's not a big deal , i swear . 
 stop worrying , okay ? '' 
 `` you just have n't been acting like yourself , '' charlotte protested . 
 `` it 's like aliens have come down and swapped out the sutton i thought i knew with someone else . '' 
 emma stared at her . 
 it was chilling how close charlotte had come to the truth . 
 but then she took a deep breath , wrapped her arms around charlotte 's shoulders , and gave her a big hug . 
 `` i assure you , i have n't been abducted by aliens , '' she said . 
 `` now let 's just go to practice and forget about all of this . '' 
 `` if you 're sure , '' charlotte said , looking a little more relaxed . 
 and then they headed out the door , taking a shortcut to the locker rooms . 
 halfway there , charlotte stopped and said she forgot her calculus book in her locker-she needed to go back . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you , '' she said , spinning around . 
 emma continued toward the locker room , her head in a fog . 
 exhaust billowed from the buses . 
 someone blew a horn on the street . 
 she had to pass a back parking lot to get to the locker rooms , but it was usually quiet this time of day , reserved for teachers and faculty . 
 but today , something caught her eye . 
 someone was standing just outside a black suv , staring at her . 
 when she realized who it was , she stopped , her blood running cold . 
 it was my dad . 
 and he was looking at emma the same way he 'd looked at me the night i died . 
 22 play along pretend you did n't see him , emma thought instantly . 
 she put her head down and shuffled toward the locker room , her heart pounding hard . 
 but then she heard a metallic sound of a hand slapping a car door . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 mr. mercer 's voice called . 
 emma stopped and peeked at him . 
 `` oh , hey , dad ! '' 
 she said pleasantly , as if just noticing him for the first time . 
 mr. mercer did n't look amused . 
 he walked around to the other side and opened the passenger door . 
 `` get in . '' 
 emma 's fingers shook . 
 `` thanks , but i drove here , '' she said , holding up her car keys and trying to sound normal . 
 `` i can get home on my own . 
 and anyway , i have tennis practice now . '' 
 `` get . 
 in . 
 the . 
 car , '' mr. mercer said sternly . 
 then , seemingly realizing he was in a school parking lot , his lips formed a small smile , probably for the sake of anyone watching . 
 `` we need to talk , okay ? '' 
 he said in a gentler voice . 
 the whole scene felt chillingly familiar . 
 do n't do it , emma , i urged . 
 emma did n't budge from the square of pavement where she stood . 
 she glanced around , hoping-praying-that someone would come around the corner and see this . 
 amazingly , there was no one . 
 if only she could reach into her pocket and text charlotte for help , but mr. mercer would see . 
 and anyway , what would charlotte say when she got here ? 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 mr. mercer said warningly . 
 not sure what else to do , emma walked over to the car and climbed inside . 
 the suv was chilly , the ac on full blast . 
 the cold metal of the seat belt buckle felt like ice against her thigh . 
 sutton 's dad shut his door and rested his hands on top of the steering wheel . 
 he drummed his fingers on the thick leather , seemingly collecting his thoughts . 
 emma shrunk down in the seat and focused on the chipped beige polish on her fingernails , trying to remain calm . 
 you 're going to be all right , she told herself . 
 we 're in a public place . 
 he ca n't do anything to you here . 
 yeah , until they drive away , i thought . 
 and then what ? 
 finally , mr. mercer let out a sigh and looked at her . 
 `` you and i have needed to talk for a long time now . '' 
 his words came out slowly , like he was measuring each one . 
 `` we might as well get it out in the open . '' 
 mr. mercer took a long breath . 
 `` that night in the canyon changed all of our lives . 
 i did n't plan for it to happen that way ... '' his voice trailed off . 
 `` but i was doing it for you . '' 
 his expression was beseeching . 
 `` i thought it would make things better . 
 i thought it was what you wanted . '' 
 the air in the car seemed to plummet another ten degrees . 
 emma could barely keep her jaw from dropping . 
 was he talking about her life in nevada , as a foster child ? 
 was he intimating that he 'd killed her twin to rescue her from foster care ? 
 jesus . 
 the horror i 'd previously felt had now multiplied exponentially . 
 was my dad really that insane ? 
 did he hate me that much ? 
 anger burned in emma 's chest . 
 `` how could you think it would make things better ? '' 
 she squeaked . 
 her fingers curled around the door handle . 
 but mr. mercer grabbed her arm before she could get away . 
 when emma turned , his eyes were blazing again . 
 `` look . 
 we have a good thing going here . 
 do n't you think ? 
 do you really want to ruin everything ? 
 for your mother , for yourself ? '' 
 emma stared at him , but no words came out . 
 `` i did n't think so , '' mr. mercer said . 
 he placed his hands on emma 's shoulders , pressing her into the seat . 
 `` keep playing along . 
 everything will be okay . '' 
 emma was too afraid to even breathe . 
 his words mirrored the ones used in the first note the killer left her : sutton 's dead . 
 tell no one . 
 keep playing along , or you 're next . 
 he 'd confirmed everything she suspected to be true . 
 rage suddenly flowed through her . 
 he 'd done this to sutton-to her . 
 he 'd brought her here to cover up his heinous crime . 
 then he 'd threatened her , again and again , to keep quiet . 
 and all for ... what ? 
 some woman ? 
 keeping up family appearances ? 
 my shock and sadness and horror turned to fury , too . 
 my own father had killed me . 
 there was no question , and there was no good reason . 
 parents were supposed to love , not kill . 
 they were supposed to protect their children , not throw them away like they were a pair of last year 's boot-cut jeans . 
 i was n't dispensable . 
 i was n't nothing . 
 emma whipped around and grabbed the handle again . 
 mercifully , the door was n't locked , and she was too quick for mr. mercer . 
 all at once , she was on the curb and running across the parking lot . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 mr. mercer roared . 
 but emma kept going . 
 she never felt so relieved to see the girls ' locker room ; mr. mercer could n't follow her in there . 
 she went straight into the bathroom and locked the stall door behind her . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispered into her hands . 
 what was she supposed to do now ? 
 how was she going to outsmart mr. mercer and get the evidence she needed without him killing her ? 
 how much time did she have left ? 
 i did n't know the answers either . 
 and for me , i was still stuck on what my dad had just said . 
 his words played over and over in my mind like a broken record . 
 keep playing along . 
 like this was a game . 
 i rested my fingers around emma 's as i 'd only done once before-the night she was trapped in the cave with lili and we both thought everything was over . 
 that time , i was comforting her . 
 but this time was different . 
 this time , i was the one who needed my sister . 
 23 the rattlesnake in the room tuesday after practice , emma pulled into the parking lot of la encantada , the luxe shopping mall in the tucson hills . 
 she threw the car into park just as her phone buzzed in her lap . 
 any luck googling mr. mercer ? 
 ethan asked . 
 no , nothing . 
 his name is too common , emma typed back . 
 hmm . 
 i 'll try looking , too , ethan said . 
 thx . 
 you are the best , emma responded . 
 emma had been a wreck after her conversation with mr. mercer , but luckily he had n't come home from the hospital until almost midnight . 
 in addition to googling him and mrs. mercer , she 'd checked the home study to see if there was anything there about their past . 
 but aside from some old tax forms , she had n't seen any evidence of their life in california . 
 `` uh , hello ? '' 
 laurel 's face appeared in the window . 
 she 'd driven herself , but emma had followed her into the parking lot . 
 `` what are you doing , zombie ? '' 
 emma jumped , slid sutton 's phone into her purse , and pulled the keys from the ignition . 
 by the time she climbed out , laurel was already walking impatiently toward the shops . 
 `` it 's past six , '' laurel called over her shoulder . 
 `` what do you want to bet gabby and lili found all the best dresses already ? '' 
 `` they ca n't wear every single amazing dress to the party , '' emma pointed out . 
 the plan was to hit anthropologie , bcbg , j. crew , and a bunch of other boutiques in the shopping plaza . 
 laurel stepped onto the escalator and gripped the handrail hard . 
 `` so are you excited for the party ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 `` uh-huh , '' laurel said stiffly . 
 `` looking forward to really sticking it to the devious four ? '' 
 laurel grunted and glanced away . 
 emma sighed loudly . 
 she had enough on her plate without laurel 's mercurial moods . 
 `` okay , laurel . 
 what did i do this time ? '' 
 laurel swung around and rode the escalator up backward , resting her hands on the arm rails . 
 `` fine , '' she spat . 
 `` dad said you were snooping in my room . 
 again . '' 
 emma blinked , barely remembering searching laurel 's room . 
 now that laurel was n't a suspect , it was like her mind had erased all of the laurel-themed sleuthing . 
 laurel set her mouth in a line . 
 `` were you looking for love letters between thayer and me ? 
 well , i have a surprise for you , sutton . 
 something that will make you very happy . '' 
 she brushed a honey-blond lock behind her shoulder . 
 `` thayer 's not into me that way . '' 
 her voice trembled a tiny bit . 
 `` oh , laurel , i 'm sorry , '' emma said softly , stepping off the escalators . 
 she reached out for laurel 's arm , but laurel pulled away . 
 `` he told me last night that he 's still into you , '' laurel said , her voice low , like it pained her to say the words . 
 `` i just do n't get it . 
 if you guys are still into each other , why did you break up ? '' 
 emma blinked . 
 two sets of shoppers passed before she could speak again . 
 `` i 'm not into him , laurel . 
 i swear . '' 
 laurel rolled her eyes . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 i heard about you two having a secret powwow the night of dad 's party . '' 
 a muscle in emma 's jaw tensed . 
 `` did charlotte tell you ? '' 
 laurel 's eyes widened . 
 `` so it is true ? '' 
 emma sighed . 
 the meaty smell of the steak house down at the end of the esplanade was beginning to give her a headache . 
 `` it 's true , but it 's not what you think . 
 we were just talking . 
 there 's nothing between us anymore . 
 i really , really like ethan . '' 
 emma placed her hand on laurel 's arm . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry about thayer . 
 and i 'm sorry about going into your room without asking , '' she said . 
 `` i promise i wo n't do it again . 
 i was just looking for those red leather sandals you borrowed for homecoming . 
 i was thinking of wearing them to dad 's party . '' 
 laurel glanced at her . 
 `` with that green dress you had on ? 
 are you kidding ? '' 
 `` i thought it would make a statement . '' 
 emma grinned . 
 `` yeah , you would have looked like a christmas tree , '' laurel said with a laugh , and just like that , the tension lifted . 
 as they started toward bcbg , where the girls were meeting first , emma realized she needed to clear something up . 
 she looked at laurel . 
 `` so what was up with that disgusting tennis racket under your chair ? '' 
 laurel blinked , looking like she did n't know what emma was talking about . 
 then , a light appeared in her eyes . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i totally forgot about that . 
 i used it to kill a rattlesnake in the backyard last week . 
 it was awful . '' 
 `` ew ! '' 
 emma said , relieved to have laurel off her suspect list for good . 
 then laurel sighed . 
 `` and actually , it was sort of awful of dad to tell on you . '' 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 it was dangerous to involve laurel at all , but she knew mr. mercer better than anyone . 
 perhaps she 'd noticed something . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's been acting kind of strange recently , do n't you think ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` maybe a little , '' laurel said with a frown . 
 `` but i think he just does n't like thayer . '' 
 before emma could press for more , laurel 's phone blasted a rihanna song , scaring some of the nearby shoppers . 
 she fumbled for her phone inside her crocodile-embossed handbag , then pressed the speaker button . 
 `` hey , dad , '' she singsonged . 
 `` hi , darling , '' mr. mercer said . 
 his voice echoed off the hard surfaces in the mall . 
 the hair on emma 's arms stood on end . 
 `` sutton and i are both here , '' laurel said . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` sutton 's there , too ? '' 
 suddenly , mr. mercer sounded guarded . 
 `` oh . '' 
 emma curled her toes inside sutton 's four-inch wedges . 
 `` uh , what time are you girls coming home tonight ? '' 
 mr. mercer asked . 
 laurel glanced at emma and shrugged . 
 `` we 're shopping right now . 
 i guess i 'll be home after that . 
 i do n't know about sutton , though . '' 
 emma 's throat felt like it was closing . 
 `` actually i 'm not coming home , '' she said , making a snap decision . 
 `` i 'm sleeping at charlotte 's . 
 please let mom know . '' 
 charlotte would definitely go for it , and the only way emma was going to feel safe was if she was anywhere but sutton 's house . 
 `` fine . '' 
 mr. mercer 's voice was stern . 
 `` tell mr. chamberlain i said hello . 
 and remember our conversation , all right , sutton ? '' 
 laurel shot emma a questioning look , but emma leaned over , plucked laurel 's phone from her hands , and hit the end button before any more could be said . 
 then she composed her features , trying to act like this was just another one of sutton mercer 's bitchy little moods . 
 laurel just stared , slack-jawed . 
 `` whoa , '' laurel finally said . 
 `` what did you do this time to get on dad 's bad side ? '' 
 you have no idea , i thought . 
 `` and what conversation was he talking about ? 
 did he catch you with thayer at the party , too ? '' 
 `` no , '' emma said tightly as bcbg came into sight . 
 luckily , the twitter twins were standing in front of the store display , picking on the mannequins . 
 `` who would accessorize with those hideous belts ? '' 
 gabby was saying of the one on the right . 
 lili wrinkled her nose at the other mannequin , which was holding an oversized quilted bag . 
 `` and why do they have to make the models so freakishly thin ? '' 
 `` ladies , '' laurel said . 
 the twitter twins spun around and gave laurel and emma big smiles . 
 `` three more days 'til the secret dance ! '' 
 gabby trilled . 
 `` wait till mads tells you what happened , '' lili said , chomping on her gum . 
 as if on cue , madeline and charlotte appeared at the escalators . 
 the girls strode over , and everyone air-kissed . 
 gabby nudged madeline . 
 `` come on . 
 tell them about your run-in with the devious four . '' 
 madeline rolled her eyes . 
 `` i wish you would n't call them that . 
 it gives them too much credit . 
 anyway , those stupid girls cornered me after school today and begged me to invite them to the party . '' 
 she tucked a strand of inky black hair behind her ear and crossed her arms over her chest . 
 `` and ? '' 
 laurel looked excited . 
 `` you said no , right ? '' 
 `` of course i said no , '' madeline said . 
 `` but you should have seen them . 
 they practically got on their knees and begged . '' 
 `` good . 
 that means they 'll definitely try to crash , '' charlotte said decisively . 
 `` and once ethan gets that footage , they 'll be the stars of their very own little movie . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait to see their faces , '' gabby said . 
 `` the footage was such a great idea , sutton . '' 
 emma smiled . 
 for once , she was proud of a lying game idea . 
 it was n't particularly mean , just fair . 
 and she liked that it involved ethan , too . 
 `` no one messes with us . 
 right ? '' 
 lili said . 
 she nudged emma . 
 `` right , '' emma said , forcing a smile . 
 but we both knew that was n't true . 
 someone had done a lot worse than mess with us . 
 someone had killed me , and my friends had no idea . 
 24 mano a mano the lunch bell rang on wednesday , and emma opened sutton 's locker and stared at its contents . 
 since she 'd taken over sutton 's life , she 'd made some rearrangements , taking down the little locker-sized mirror and replacing it with a picture of johnny depp , her longtime crush , and removing the snarky magnet that said i 'm the queen of the world , and you 're my bitches and swapping it with a magnet of stewie from family guy . 
 it was one thing for sutton to be a queen bee ; she did n't need to announce it to the whole school via her locker . 
 as emma grabbed her coat , her phone buzzed in her purse . 
 her heart almost stopped when she pulled it out and saw that it was mr. mercer . 
 she let the call ring through , and a moment later she got a voicemail alert . 
 with shaking fingers , she pressed listen . 
 `` laurel said you 're not coming home again . 
 i 'll cover for you for one more night , '' mr. mercer barked into her ear . 
 `` but if you 're not back tomorrow ... '' his voice trailed off and the message ended with a click . 
 emma gazed at the phone . 
 she almost wished he had just said his threat outright so she could bring it to the police . 
 but he was too smart for that . 
 at least she did n't have to deal with him tonight . 
 she was staying at madeline 's - charlotte 's parents were hosting a dinner party that night for some of mr. chamberlain 's coworkers-but it looked like tomorrow , she 'd have no choice but to go back to the mercers ' . 
 exhaustion settled around her like a heavy cloak . 
 if she could have curled up inside the locker , she would have . 
 luckily she was having lunch with ethan . 
 she needed some quality one-on-one time with the only person she could let her guard down with . 
 he 'd been such a rock these past few days especially-he 'd called her every night before bed , and had even brought her flowers at charlotte 's . 
 mrs. chamberlain had proclaimed him a keeper . 
 emma leaned against her locker for a second and shut her eyes . 
 when she opened them again , she found herself staring at thayer . 
 she jumped , startled . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 thayer said , holding up his hands . 
 `` just me ! '' 
 emma 's mouth wobbled into a smile . 
 `` h-hey , '' she said , taking in thayer 's hazel eyes and gleaming skin . 
 she had n't seen him since sutton 's father 's party , though he 'd texted sutton 's phone a few times . 
 the moment they 'd shared had felt a little too intimate for her , and she 'd wanted to keep her distance . 
 thayer moved a little closer , leaning his hip against the bank of lockers . 
 `` i just wanted to check in to see how you 're holding up about ... everything , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'm ... '' suddenly , emma 's gaze locked on someone behind thayer . 
 sutton 's ex , garrett , had spied both of them , and was barreling toward them fast . 
 his jaw was clenched , and his eyes were narrowed into little slits . 
 thayer turned , too , and gave garrett a cautious wave . 
 garrett just stared at him . 
 `` i would n't waste your time talking to sutton , man . 
 she 's over you . 
 she has a new boyfriend now . 
 or have n't you heard ? '' 
 `` garrett ! '' 
 emma exclaimed . 
 thayer rolled his eyes , ignoring him . 
 `` get lost , dude . '' 
 garrett let out an ugly snort . 
 `` oh , i forgot , '' he said sarcastically . 
 `` you do n't have much respect for relationships , do you ? '' 
 he stared at thayer . 
 thayer stared back . 
 for a long moment , neither boy blinked . 
 `` back off , '' thayer said through his teeth . 
 `` or what ? 
 you 'll sleep with my girlfriend ? 
 oh wait , you already have . 
 because you 're both sluts . '' 
 thayer 's face turned bright red . 
 then his fist met garrett 's face , and garrett was clutching his jaw . 
 the very next second , garrett was grabbing thayer 's shoulders and shaking hard . 
 thayer tried to remain upright , but his knees buckled and he stumbled on his bad leg . 
 `` guys , stop ! '' 
 emma shrieked , yanking the back of thayer 's t-shirt . 
 `` please ! '' 
 garrett took another swing at thayer , but thayer ducked and circled his arms around garrett 's waist . 
 both boys let out guttural groans , and suddenly they were on the floor , rolling around . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 emma shrieked again . 
 i watched in horror ... but also in awe . 
 i was n't sure if two boys had ever fought over me before , and it was kind of flattering . 
 `` fight ! '' 
 yelled a scrawny guy in a flannel shirt . 
 instantly , hollier students materialized from out of nowhere , gawking at the boys on the ground . 
 members of the marching band streamed from the auditorium to watch , and kids swarmed from classrooms , forming an amoeba-like cluster around garrett and thayer . 
 half the crowd held up their cell phones to capture the action . 
 now the boys were on their feet again . 
 thayer lunged at garrett , but a soccer player emma recognized intervened and yanked garrett out of the fray . 
 `` stop it , man , '' he growled into garrett 's ear . 
 `` fighting will get you kicked off the team . '' 
 garrett struggled against him , his eyes blazing and his chest heaving hard . 
 `` you 're an a ** hole , '' he hissed at thayer . 
 `` so are you , '' thayer spat , standing in the middle of the circle . 
 his nose was dripping blood . 
 the crowd began to break up as quickly as it had formed . 
 emma rushed to thayer and touched his shoulder . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` that guy is crazy , '' thayer rasped , catching his breath . 
 he ran a hand over his jaw and winced . 
 `` you should n't have provoked him ! '' 
 emma cried . 
 thayer rotated his shoulder gently , then met her gaze . 
 `` it 's one thing for him to say things about me . 
 but i ca n't stand him insulting you . '' 
 a warm feeling swelled in emma 's stomach , and she felt herself blush . 
 it was kind of touching that thayer was so chivalrous , standing up for her like that . 
 even sort of ... romantic . 
 i was touched , too . 
 especially because he was standing up for me , not my sister . 
 someone cleared his throat behind her . 
 emma turned and saw ethan nudging through the remnants of the crowd , looking worried and confused . 
 emma sank into him , relieved ethan could n't read her thoughts . 
 `` hey , '' she murmured . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i heard there was a fight and you were in the middle of it . '' 
 emma shook her head , glancing from ethan to thayer , then back to ethan again . 
 it felt weird to talk about what the fight was about . 
 `` it 's over , '' she said simply . 
 `` and i 'm fine . 
 thayer was ... protecting my honor . '' 
 ethan glanced at thayer for a long moment , then he stuck out his hand . 
 `` well , in that case , thanks , man . '' 
 thayer shook it . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 then ethan put his arm around emma 's shoulders . 
 `` want to get out of here ? 
 we could do lunch off campus or something . '' 
 `` okay , '' emma said quietly . 
 she glanced over her shoulder once more to say bye to thayer and make sure he was okay . 
 but he was gone . 
 fifteen minutes later , ethan pulled his rattling honda civic into a parking lot surrounded by ivy-covered trellises and beautiful rose gardens . 
 a quaint restaurant called le garcon stood a few feet away in an old victorian mansion that looked like an overgrown gingerbread house . 
 it was incongruous to see such architecture in adobe-filled , southwestern-style tucson , which made it all the more exotic . 
 `` after the week you 've had , i thought you could use a little break , '' ethan said , leading her into the restaurant . 
 it was cool inside , and smelled like fresh flowers . 
 when emma 's eyes adjusted to the light , she could see a few tables covered with white linens . 
 oak beams crisscrossed the ceiling , and tiny vases held light pink roses alongside white christmas lights . 
 the back doors were flung open to the enormous garden , and a harpist played soft , tinkling notes in the corner . 
 `` whoa , '' emma said , watching as the waiter passed with trays of rich-looking food . 
 `` this seems really fancy , ethan . 
 and expensive . '' 
 she glanced at him worriedly . 
 `` do you want me to pay ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 ethan made a face . 
 `` i got this covered . '' 
 emma took his hand as a maitre d' led them to a table . 
 i was surprised and impressed by ethan 's choice , too . 
 it was exactly the kind of date i would 've planned-secluded enough to be romantic , but populated with the right kind of crowd . 
 they sat down and spread their napkins across their laps . 
 a waiter came by and poured each of them a glass of water , which emma drank thirstily . 
 ethan watched her , his chin resting in his hands . 
 `` you 're beautiful , you know that ? '' 
 `` stop . '' 
 emma ducked her head . 
 `` it 's true , '' ethan insisted . 
 `` but you also look tired . 
 have you been able to sleep at all ? '' 
 `` only a little , '' emma admitted quietly . 
 she scanned the room . 
 aside from a couple of well-dressed women a few tables over , who gave emma a quick glance and then looked away , the bustling restaurant did n't seem to notice them . 
 `` i just want tomorrow to get here already so i can search mr. mercer 's office . 
 i 'm sick of biding my time . 
 i want this over with . '' 
 ethan reached across the table and took her hands . 
 `` of course . 
 but let 's try not to think about it , okay ? 
 you need a break-you deserve a little while off the case . '' 
 his voice was gentle but firm , and emma forced herself to loosen her shoulders . 
 `` okay , '' she whispered . 
 at the next table over , a woman in a tight black dress and a man in a skinny tie studied the wine list . 
 a few people were sitting at the bar , laughing pleasantly . 
 the vibe was understated , but classy . 
 emma had a feeling her sister would have loved it here . 
 i smiled . 
 she was right . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 ethan said with a broad grin . 
 `` i meant to tell you , i finally got into the traffic cam system ! 
 you were right , it was the devious four . '' 
 `` that 's amazing ! '' 
 emma exclaimed , leaning over the table to give him a quick kiss . 
 `` the girls will be so happy ! '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll just splice together the footage and email you guys the file , '' ethan said , his cheeks a little flushed . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 a waiter set a basket of assorted rolls on the table . 
 `` would the lovely young couple like to hear the specials ? '' 
 he asked , jutting one hip forward and smoothing a hand over his carrot-colored hair . 
 `` the tuna tartare is out of this world . 
 and do n't get me started on the braised lamb chops with mint sauce . '' 
 he made an orgasmic face . 
 emma giggled . 
 `` that sounds delicious . 
 i 'll have that , '' she said . 
 `` great choice ! '' 
 the waiter trilled . 
 `` and for you , sir ? '' 
 `` i 'll have the shrimp cocktail , '' ethan said , breaking off a piece of rye bread and popping it into his mouth . 
 `` and , um , the steak . 
 medium rare . '' 
 `` medium rawr ! '' 
 the waiter faux-growled , curling his hand like a lion , then sauntered off . 
 for a moment , emma kept her eyes on her lap , but when she saw ethan 's mouth wobbling into a grin , she burst into laughter . 
 they exchanged a glance , and both started giggling harder . 
 `` rawr ! '' 
 ethan imitated . 
 `` great choice ! 
 too bad he does n't work at the cafeteria at hollier , '' emma joked . 
 `` can you imagine ? 
 ` uh , i 'll have the french bread pizza . ' 
 ` great choice ! ' '' 
 she said , moving her h * ps from side to side flamboyantly . 
 `` or at a prison lunch line . '' 
 ethan hunched his shoulders and spoke in a thuggish voice . 
 `` yo , man , i 'll have the meat loaf slop and a side of yesterday 's green beans . '' 
 `` great choice ! '' 
 emma crowed in refrain , snorting with giggles . 
 `` or what if he were the telephone operator at a sketchy chinese restaurant ? '' 
 ethan held up his hand to his ear , imitating a telephone . 
 `` uh , hi , i 'll have general tso 's chicken ? '' 
 emma winced . 
 `` great choice ! '' 
 she giggled . 
 they were laughing so hard now that everyone in the restaurant was staring at them . 
 emma knew they were being completely immature and inappropriate , but she did n't care . 
 it felt so good to laugh . 
 it felt good , too , to share such a fun moment with ethan . 
 this was why she was with ethan : they shared the same sense of humor . 
 they understood each other . 
 and they had so much fun together . 
 `` i love seeing this side of you , '' ethan said when the giggles died down . 
 `` it reminds me that no matter how well you pull off sutton , you 're uniquely yourself . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` we 're alike ... and not alike . 
 kind of two sides of the same coin . 
 sometimes i think i 'm losing myself to her . '' 
 `` you are n't , '' ethan insisted . 
 `` you 'll always stay you . '' 
 emma stared at the glass bottles of alcohol behind the bar . 
 `` i ca n't wait to become me again , '' she said softly . 
 `` mr. mercer said that this situation is so much better than what i had before . 
 but i miss being me . 
 i want my life back . 
 my own choices . '' 
 `` i know , '' ethan said . 
 `` i ca n't wait for you to be emma , too . '' 
 then he took her hands . 
 `` but you have to admit that becoming sutton has had some benefits ? '' 
 he squeezed her palms . 
 `` like meeting me . '' 
 `` like meeting you , '' emma said , returning his gaze . 
 they leaned forward and kissed lightly . 
 i turned away , feeling like i was eavesdropping on something personal . 
 emma 's words rang in my ears . 
 i wanted her to go back to being herself , i really did . 
 but it raised another point that i did n't think of very often . 
 when emma put my dad behind bars , what would happen to me ? 
 was i tethered to her because i had unfinished business ? 
 or was it some horrible karmic screw-you for all the terrible things i did while i was alive ? 
 emma had everything to gain by getting justice for me . 
 she would move on to the next stage of her life as emma paxton . 
 would i move on , too ? 
 or would i be left with nothing at all ? 
 25 midnight snack after practice and a long , hot shower , emma knocked on the vegas ' front door . 
 she heard footsteps and a moment later , madeline opened the door , put a finger to her lips , and ushered her inside . 
 despite their light footsteps , mr. vega appeared from the kitchen , carrying a tumbler of amber-colored liquid , presumably scotch . 
 his cold , steely eyes canvassed madeline as though looking for a flaw . 
 then he stared at emma . 
 `` is n't it a little late for a get-together , girls ? 
 it 's a school night . '' 
 madeline cleared her throat nervously . 
 `` daddy , we have a really big physics test tomorrow , and we 're going to be studying well into the night . 
 can sutton please stay over ? 
 we wo n't make a peep-i promise . '' 
 mr. vega swirled his drink , looking like he did n't quite believe them . 
 even in repose , he seemed coiled and anxious , ready to strike . 
 emma held her breath , forcing herself not to look at madeline 's arms and legs . 
 the bruises were expertly masked by sleeves and yoga pants , but emma knew they were there . 
 and she knew who 'd put them there . 
 she could n't believe this place was her alternative to the mercers ' . 
 he was n't on my suspect list , but he was a criminal . 
 now that i knew what mr. vega was doing-to mads and thayer-i got a chill whenever i saw him . 
 it explained why mads got so nervous when she was around him and why she fought to be perfect . 
 she probably thought that if she could just get it right , he would n't be able to find anything to criticize . 
 `` fine , '' mr. vega finally said , holding their gazes for a disconcerting beat too long . 
 `` but keep it down . 
 your mother is already asleep . '' 
 emma wondered if mrs. vega had ever tried to stop her husband from hurting her kids , or if she was too scared of him to intervene . 
 in seconds , they 'd dropped their stuff in madeline 's room . 
 pictures of ballet dancers spotted madeline 's walls . 
 framed magazine spreads hung next to photographs of her and thayer . 
 porcelain figurines were arranged in a circle on her spotless dresser . 
 she wondered if madeline 's uberstrict father made her clean it every morning or if this was madeline 's way of exerting control where she could . 
 madeline shoved a bunch of pillows off her lilac-covered duvet and plopped down on her queen-sized bed . 
 hugging a pillow , she eyed emma suspiciously . 
 `` you know , i 'm all for the impromptu sleepover and everything , but why have you been avoiding going home all week ? 
 did you have a fight with laurel or something ? 
 are your parents getting on your nerves ? '' 
 emma eyed madeline , glad she had given her a plausible out . 
 `` laurel 's been really bitchy lately . 
 i just needed a break from the constant fighting . '' 
 `` about thayer ? '' 
 madeline asked sharply . 
 emma stared at her feet . 
 `` kind of . '' 
 madeline 's shoulders stiffened . 
 `` if you 're sneaking around with him behind my back , sutton , i swear i 'll - '' `` i 'm not , '' emma assured her . 
 `` i mean , we 've talked a couple of times , but it 's not like that . '' 
 she sat down on the bed next to madeline . 
 `` i 've got a good thing going with ethan . 
 he makes me really happy . '' 
 madeline flashed emma a genuine smile . 
 `` ethan does seem pretty great . 
 who knew the brooding poet would be such a good guy ? 
 i 'm happy for you two . '' 
 `` thanks , '' emma said shyly . 
 `` i think he 's awesome , too . 
 and i do understand why you 're so protective of your brother . 
 i know about rehab . '' 
 a muscle in madeline 's jaw quivered . 
 she eyed the door . 
 `` keep it down , '' she whispered . 
 `` he told you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he told me the other weekend , when i ran into him at the grocery store . '' 
 this was one time emma could be absolutely honest . 
 `` and i have n't told anyone else . 
 i would n't do that to you guys . '' 
 madeline let go of a breath . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she untied her hair and let its dark layers spill over her shoulders . 
 `` i love my brother , '' she said softly , taking a strand of hair between her fingers and examining a split end . 
 `` i just want him to be okay . '' 
 `` i know , '' emma whispered . 
 `` he 's getting better , mads . 
 you said yourself he 's been clean since he came home . '' 
 `` as far as we know . '' 
 madeline stared out the window . 
 then , abruptly , she whipped around and met emma 's gaze . 
 `` i know i 've been kind of crazy about my brother . 
 but you ca n't imagine what it 's like here without him . 
 when he was spending time with you-and now with laurel-he 's not here ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't be in this house without my brother , sutton , '' she finally said , shaking her head slowly . 
 `` he 's the only one who protects me , the only one who loves me . '' 
 `` oh , mads , '' i whispered , watching all of this , feeling so powerless . 
 emma wrapped her arms around madeline 's shoulders . 
 `` i 'm here for you , '' she whispered . 
 she might not be able to put herself in madeline 's shoes exactly , but she 'd had her fair share of family drama , too , and she knew what it was like to be scared . 
 i wrapped my arms around both of them , wishing desperately that i could make everything okay . 
 hours later , emma woke with a start , her throat burning . 
 it was 3 a.m. , which becky used to call the witching hour . 
 becky had been a night owl , and without fail , emma would hear her pacing their apartment at 3 a.m. on the dot . 
 a tear-shaped night-light on madeline 's wall cast an eerie blue glow across the floor . 
 the house was silent except for mr. vega 's snores , which were audible from down the hall . 
 emma wanted to close her eyes and fall back asleep , but it felt like her mouth had been stuffed with cotton . 
 she pushed back the covers as carefully and quietly as she could . 
 earlier , while they 'd watched tv and gossiped , mr. vega had stuck his head in , looking enraged . 
 `` where are your physics books ? '' 
 he 'd seethed . 
 madeline had jumped nearly a mile . 
 `` um , we 're taking a break , '' she 'd said . 
 after that , they 'd turned the tv off and barely spoken . 
 emma hoped madeline would n't have to pay for that when emma left in the morning . 
 the hallway bathroom was right next to mr. and mrs. vega 's room , so emma decided to head to the kitchen instead . 
 the stairs creaked beneath her weight . 
 she froze for a moment , sure mr. vega would come screaming for her . 
 just keep going , she told herself , staring straight ahead and creeping toward the kitchen . 
 you are n't doing anything wrong . 
 at the end of the hall , a curved wooden vase held skinny brown branches blooming with yellow flowers . 
 an antique silver platter sat on a coffee table in a small sitting room . 
 emma crossed a navajo-style carpet and rounded the corner into the kitchen , which still smelled faintly of spices from dinner . 
 just as her bare feet hit the cold tile , she saw something and gasped . 
 thayer stood at the black granite island . 
 he was staring at her . 
 emma jumped back . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 thayer whispered . 
 he 'd been in his room with the door shut tight when emma had arrived earlier . 
 he was wearing navy boxers and no shirt , and even the darkness could n't cloak his muscular shoulders and stomach . 
 she averted her gaze fast . 
 `` um , mads and i are having a sleepover . '' 
 my pulse ratcheted up . 
 what i would n't give for a few more minutes-alone-with thayer vega and those shoulders . 
 thayer 's golden brown eyes traveled over emma 's flimsy tank top . 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 as hard as it was to watch thayer look at emma like that , a part of me wanted my twin to be even closer . 
 i wanted thayer to pull emma to his chest so i could remember what it felt like to have his arms around me . 
 then he stepped toward emma . 
 `` it 's been a long time since you slept over , '' he said , his voice rough around the edges . 
 emma swallowed . 
 thayer was standing so close , she could smell his deodorant and the mint of his toothpaste . 
 he glanced at the clock on the oven . 
 `` three a.m. , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` that was our old meeting time , remember ? 
 is that why you came ? '' 
 `` i - '' emma said haltingly . 
 she wanted to tell thayer no , but something was stopping her . 
 it was like he was a magnet , yanking her toward him . 
 `` i just needed a night away from my dad . '' 
 suddenly , his arm was around her waist , and his lips were just inches away . 
 `` thayer , '' emma said , turning her head . 
 `` sutton , '' thayer breathed into her ear . 
 `` i-i 'm with ethan now , '' emma blurted . 
 she stepped away from him . 
 `` i should go . '' 
 thayer held up his hands . 
 `` so go . '' 
 emma knew she should leave . 
 she really did . 
 but something kept her there , staring at him for a moment too long . 
 his hazel eyes drew her in . 
 she could practically taste how much he wanted her . 
 `` i - '' she whispered , but the rest of the sentence evaporated on her tongue . 
 do n't , i begged silently . 
 please . 
 give me a few more seconds . 
 but then i felt the heartbreakingly familiar snap as she fled back upstairs to madeline 's room , dragging me behind her , away from the boy i still so desperately loved . 
 26 call the doctor thursday afternoon , emma steered sutton 's car into a parking space in the visitor lot of the university of arizona hospital and medical center . 
 sweat instantly prickled her temple , but whether it was from the blazing sun overhead or the fact that she was about to break into mr. mercer 's office , she was n't quite sure . 
 a doctor dressed in sea-green scrubs emerged from the front door , talking on her cell phone and fidgeting with the stethoscope around her neck . 
 as she passed emma , she gave her a small smile . 
 emma ducked her head and did n't smile in return , feeling like a spy . 
 could she really do this ? 
 sneak into mr. mercer 's office and look through his stuff ? 
 even though emma and ethan had agreed it was the best thing , she 'd wrestled with the prospect . 
 she might have shoplifted , participated in lying game pranks , and even ransacked laurel 's and thayer 's rooms all in the name of hunting down sutton 's killer , but something about going through sutton 's father 's office felt way more dangerous . 
 maybe because it was a hospital , a place with tons of video cameras and security . 
 it would be so easy for mr. mercer to find out what she had done . 
 steeling herself , emma swallowed hard and strode toward the elevator bank , pressing 3 with her index finger . 
 that was where mr. mercer worked-she 'd seen it on his business cards . 
 orthopedics was to the right of the elevators , and emma strolled there as casually as she could . 
 the place looked like any other hospital she 'd ever been in : greenish walls , tall windows , and linoleum floors . 
 the eerie smell of antiseptic and sickness hung heavy in the air , and there were drawings on the walls done by patients from the children 's wing , most of them colorful , oblong dragons or sad-eyed dogs . 
 i scanned the halls , too , waiting to find something familiar , some object that would spark my memory . 
 had my dad brought me here after he killed me ? 
 i could n't help but picture him carrying my body through the corridors and down to the hospital 's incinerator . 
 emma turned a corner and entered the surgery waiting room . 
 a receptionist in a feather headband regarded her warily from behind the front desk . 
 `` excuse me , miss ? 
 can i help you ? '' 
 emma froze . 
 the woman 's eyes scanned her without a hint of recognition , which was probably a good thing . 
 `` yes , actually , i 'm here to see dr. mercer . 
 i 'm a patient of his . '' 
 she tried to look distraught , like she had a serious problem that merited mr. mercer fitting her in at the end of the day . 
 the receptionist narrowed her eyes . 
 `` dr. mercer is n't in today . 
 he 's at a conference . '' 
 shit . 
 emma realized she should have planned her cover better-of course the receptionist knew where sutton 's dad was . 
 suddenly , though , a small man in a hospital gown and with white bedhead hair wandered down the hall . 
 clutching a bag of potato chips , he peered around the room as though looking for someone . 
 `` grover ?! '' 
 he called . 
 `` grover , are you here ? '' 
 then , grumbling , he continued down the hall , sliding in his socked feet across the linoleum like he was ice-skating . 
 the receptionist stood and moved away from her post . 
 `` mr. hamilton ! '' 
 she called . 
 `` now how did you get all the way out here ? '' 
 she rested her hand gently on his bare arm and led him through a bank of doors . 
 emma seized the opportunity and took off down another long hallway marked offices . 
 she eyed the room numbers hungrily . 
 311 . 
 309 . 
 307 . 
 bingo . 
 be unlocked . 
 please , be unlocked . 
 emma pushed the silver handle down and used her elbow to shove the door open and shut behind her in one fluid motion . 
 she was in . 
 mr. mercer 's office was a perfect square and smaller than she 'd imagined . 
 a single window looked out to a man-made pond and garden . 
 four framed diplomas-all of them from schools in california-hung on the white walls , and a calendar with a photo of drake romping in snow at some rustic cabin hung next to the wood desk . 
 a leather chair was pushed back , like mr. mercer had abruptly shoved away from his desk and bolted from the office . 
 emma heard footsteps and instinctively threw herself against the door . 
 do not come in ! 
 her heart thudded in her ears until the footsteps receded . 
 then she looked at the desk itself . 
 it had three drawers , plus a file cabinet . 
 an appointment book sat atop a blotter , and a mac laptop was positioned near the lamp . 
 slowly and carefully , she opened the top drawer , not quite sure what she was looking for . 
 a bloody knife ? 
 a bra belonging to his paramour ? 
 a signed confession ? 
 but all the drawer contained was a prescription pad , a bunch of pens , and a pocket guide of medications and symptoms . 
 in the next drawer she found a mountain of paper clips , yellow highlighters , and a solar calculator . 
 manila folders packed with medical records sat on top of notepads marked with pharmaceutical drug names . 
 she yanked open the third drawer to find an opened box of ballpoint pens and a checkbook . 
 she flipped to the back where the log was kept . 
 score . 
 mr. mercer was one of those types who still balanced his checkbook by hand instead of online . 
 she scanned his messy handwriting , which had documented checks for a gas bill , the mortgage , several hundred dollars to a tucson catering company called let 's bake bread ! 
 , a visa payment , internet , and cable . 
 then there was a check for two hundred dollars paid to someone named raven jannings . 
 emma did n't think much of it-she could be a massage therapist or one of those people who do deluxe men 's shaves . 
 but then she flipped the page to find another check , this time for five hundred dollars , made out to raven again . 
 and then another , and then another . 
 they were always varying amounts , always round numbers , and always on a monday . 
 pulling sutton 's phone from her pocket , emma googled raven jannings . 
 but nothing came up besides google 's suggestion to redirect her search to raven-symone . 
 the black phone on mr. mercer 's desk rang , and emma jumped . 
 the caller id flashed on the screen . 
 super 8 motel , it said , showing a local tucson number . 
 emma wrinkled her nose . 
 what kind of surgery patient stayed in a seedy highway motel ? 
 the call ended . 
 emma waited a moment , staring at the small triangle at the corner of mr. mercer 's phone . 
 she 'd worked at the front desk of a vegas motel once , and they 'd had a phone just like this one-the triangle lit up green when a voicemail was left . 
 the phone rang again , and the same number appeared on the caller id . 
 emma stared at the receiver . 
 something was telling her to pick it up . 
 me , maybe ? 
 i was screaming it as loud as i could . 
 cautiously , emma lifted the phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she answered , her voice unsteady . 
 ragged breathing sounded on the other end . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 emma asked again . 
 `` is anyone there ? '' 
 more breathing . 
 `` uh , wrong number , '' a woman 's voice said . 
 she hung up fast . 
 emma 's heart pounded , a new idea taking form in her mind . 
 was that her ? 
 mr. mercer 's mistress ? 
 and was her name raven ? 
 my mind swirled . 
 was my father seriously having an affair with someone named raven ? 
 gross ! 
 and did they rendezvous at a super 8 ? 
 maybe he figured no one would run into him there-my mom clearly would n't be caught dead at a seedy motel . 
 the whole thing made me feel like i was covered in ants . 
 emma slammed the phone down just as the door handle to mr. mercer 's office turned . 
 shit . 
 she dropped beneath the desk , crouching into a tiny ball in the space where the chair normally went , and pulled the chair in close to mask her . 
 please , please do n't be him , she thought frantically . 
 a female voice started to hum softly . 
 emma 's fist slowly unclenched . 
 a heavy stack of papers thudded on the desk above her head , followed by the sound of something being dropped into a tin box . 
 emma held her breath as the woman shuffled around the office , her footsteps muffled by the industrial carpeting . 
 when the door clicked closed again , emma heaved a huge sigh and crawled out from beneath the desk on shaky legs . 
 she shoved the checkbook back into the top drawer , then pushed the chair back a few feet , just as mr. mercer had left it . 
 she was just out the door and around the corner when she heard a voice behind her . 
 `` dr. mercer ! '' 
 cautiously , emma peeked back around the corner and saw a nurse in pink scrubs handing a file to a doctor just out of view . 
 `` thanks very much , '' a familiar voice said . 
 emma 's blood ran cold . 
 it was mr. mercer . 
 why was he back so early from the conference ? 
 she watched in horror as mr. mercer strolled to his office , files in hand , and shut the door behind him . 
 her heart was rocketing so fast she could barely breathe . 
 she had just been in there . 
 she had just missed him . 
 it was like divine intervention . 
 i 'd say i had something to do with it ... only i did n't . 
 emma bolted into an open elevator and pounded the button for the ground floor . 
 as the doors clanked shut , she leaned against the back wall and tried to catch her breath . 
 that was way too close a call . 
 anger swelled within me as the elevator descended to the ground floor . 
 emma was n't the only one making lists now : i 'd started one called ways my father lies . 
 dutiful husband ? 
 caring father ? 
 ha . 
 i thought about the checks he 'd written to raven , whoever she was . 
 the breathing on the other end , the seedy motel she was staying at . 
 i thought about them meeting there , doing things i did n't dare consider . 
 and then , finally , i thought of my dad operating on his patients , his hands steady , meticulous , and precise . 
 i could only imagine that they had been just as capable as they forced the light from my eyes , and the life from my body . 
 27 this means war when emma pulled into the mercers ' driveway a half hour later , she was relieved that mr. mercer 's suv was nowhere in sight . 
 she dreaded coming back , but she dreaded more what might happen if she did n't . 
 she opened the front door and dumped sutton 's keys next to a stack of envelopes on the shiny black table in the foyer . 
 then she padded past the photographs that lined the hallway-sutton and her father posed on vacations and family outings , always smiling . 
 what a crock . 
 had he been thinking about raven the whole time ? 
 and what had the checks he 'd written her been for ? 
 jewelry ? 
 hotel rooms ? 
 or was it hush money to keep raven quiet about what he 'd done to me ? 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 mrs. mercer called from the kitchen . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 emma stopped in the hall , trapped , as mrs. mercer emerged from around the corner . 
 emma ducked her head , feeling like everything she 'd just found out was written all over her face . 
 `` hi , mom , '' she said , her voice way higher than usual . 
 mrs. mercer 's hair was piled on top of her head with bobby pins holding up the pieces near her ears . 
 other than a streak of blush on her high cheekbones , her face was free of makeup . 
 she 'd changed from work clothes into black jogging pants and a fitted zip-up sweatshirt with an adidas logo on the chest . 
 tiny pearl studs still dotted her earlobes . 
 she 's so beautiful , emma thought sadly . 
 and such a good mom . 
 why would anyone want to cheat on her ? 
 that was the question i kept asking myself , over and over . 
 `` are you okay , sweetie ? 
 dad says you 've been studying hard with the girls all week , '' mrs. mercer said , the smile melting from her face . 
 `` you look pale . 
 the stomach bug did n't come back , did it ? '' 
 emma 's cheeks hurt from smiling so hard . 
 `` oh , i 'm fine . 
 i just have this german test tomorrow . 
 it 's going to be really tough . 
 and so much of my grade is riding on it . '' 
 she tapped a fingernail against the railing . 
 `` i just need to lock myself in my room tonight and study . 
 do you mind if i eat upstairs , just this once ? '' 
 a smile spread across mrs. mercer 's face . 
 `` of course i do n't mind . 
 you know how proud your father and i are of your test scores so far this term . '' 
 emma fiddled with the strap on her bag . 
 the mercers had made such a big deal about emma 's high test scores , lifting her grounding for shoplifting from clique to attend homecoming . 
 mr. mercer , in fact , was the one who convinced mrs. mercer that their daughter should be rewarded for her hard work . 
 but it had all been an act . 
 mr. mercer knew the girl getting the test scores was n't his daughter . 
 he was probably just rewarding her for going along with being sutton . 
 `` i 'll be in my room . '' 
 emma raced up the stairs two at a time . 
 she shut sutton 's door behind her and collapsed onto the bed , listening to the front door open and slam , open and slam . 
 first laurel came in , then mr. mercer . 
 high , happy voices sounded downstairs . 
 to emma , they were like nails on a chalkboard . 
 all she could think about was that phone call from the roadside motel , the breathing on the other end . 
 when a loud knock sounded on sutton 's door , emma shot up . 
 before she could say a word , the knob turned with a click , and the door creaked open . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 emma took in mr. mercer 's face . 
 his dark eyebrows lifted . 
 drake stood behind him , smelling of some kind of sickly sweet dog shampoo . 
 `` you 're back . '' 
 mr. mercer held a plate of pasta slathered in tomato sauce . 
 `` i heard you were eating up here . '' 
 he stood in the doorway . 
 `` studying hard ? '' 
 emma watched him . 
 surely he knew she was n't really studying . 
 but he was playing it cool , a smile on his face , a proud look in his eyes . 
 `` uh-huh , '' she mumbled . 
 mr. mercer nodded . 
 `` it 's amazing how you 've improved since school started . 
 a whole new sutton . '' 
 emma stared at sutton 's quilt , resisting the urge to be sick . 
 i 'm a whole new sutton because you killed the original , she thought bitterly . 
 are you happy that i 'm doing exactly what you want ? 
 are you glad you can continue your little affair in peace , you horrible murderer ? 
 all at once , she could n't deal with him being in here another second . 
 she jumped up from the bed , grabbed the plate and silverware , and turned her back . 
 `` thanks , dad , '' she said , spitting out the words . 
 then she kicked the door closed on him , and turned the lock with an audible click . 
 that 's right , sis , i thought . 
 get him out of there . 
 once she was sure mr. mercer had returned downstairs , she grabbed sutton 's laptop and googled local super 8 motels . 
 the second number listed looked familiar-she could have sworn it was the one that showed up on the caller id in mr. mercer 's office . 
 taking a deep breath , she dialed . 
 someone answered on the third ring . 
 `` how may i help you ? '' 
 it was a bored voice . 
 the tv blared in the background . 
 emma took a breath . 
 `` can you connect me to raven jannings 's room ? '' 
 she asked in a barely audible whisper . 
 the concierge let out a yawn on the other end . 
 `` sure thing , '' he said . 
 `` please hold . '' 
 emma 's chest clenched . 
 she 'd guessed right . 
 and suddenly , she knew she was right about everything else . 
 the woman breathing on the phone call had to be the same woman mr. mercer was seeing . 
 the same woman thayer had caught him with on the night of sutton 's death . 
 the same woman grandma mercer had called toxic . 
 there was a click , and then ringing . 
 emma 's foot jiggled nervously . 
 please , please , pick up . 
 the call went to voicemail , a generic message that the guest staying in room 105 was n't available . 
 `` i have information for you about ted mercer , '' she said , before she could even consider her words . 
 `` i 'm coming to your motel tomorrow night at nine p.m. sharp . 
 be there . '' 
 then she hung up and stared at sutton 's iphone . 
 was this really what she wanted ? 
 what if meeting with raven was dangerous ? 
 then again , who knew how long this woman would be at the motel ? 
 this might be her only chance . 
 i had questions , too . 
 had i met raven that night in the canyon ? 
 or had my dad just assumed i 'd seen her and killed me anyway ? 
 just what kind of deadly secrets was she keeping ? 
 be careful , emma , i thought . 
 you could be walking into a trap . 
 28 breaking and entering friday evening , the smell of crisp leaves greeted emma 's nose as she , ethan , and laurel walked up the steps to the school . 
 a forgotten stainless steel klean kanteen glinted next to the gym door in the final rays of sunlight . 
 it was 7 p.m. , an hour after sports teams finished practice-and a half hour before the dance was scheduled to start . 
 laurel and gabby had been right . 
 the entire administration was away at a conference in sedona , which meant they did n't have to worry about principal ambrose marching in and busting up the party . 
 a velvet rope had been set up at the back door of the gym . 
 the bouncer charlotte had hired stood there menacingly , looking the part with a headset in his ear and black sunglasses over his eyes . 
 `` hey , '' emma said cautiously , shooting him a smile , and he nodded in return . 
 the gym door opened easily and without a click-charlotte had made sure of that by taping down the lock with bright blue electrical tape . 
 her eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness . 
 lili , charlotte , and madeline , all wearing the matching pink dresses they had selected at la encantada the other day , were in the gym , hanging streamers , blowing up balloons , and setting up tables full of food . 
 the place had already been transformed from a smelly exercise room into a chic club , with lots of curtains , tables , and even a cushy couch or two . 
 the lights were turned down low , and the dj was organizing his tables in the corner . 
 `` about time ! '' 
 lili cried , clutching a butter-colored roll of streamers in one hand and a rusty pair of scissors in the other . 
 her hair was piled high on her head , and thick eyeliner rimmed her eyes . 
 `` hey , mercer girls , '' charlotte said from the top of a stepladder . 
 her red hair spilled down her shoulders , and her pink dress complemented her skin perfectly . 
 she stuck a tack into a cardboard cutout of jessica rabbit . 
 `` and ethan , '' she said , nodding in his direction . 
 `` looking sharp . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 ethan smiled . 
 he did look great . 
 his dark hair was combed off his face , and his blue button-down brought out his eyes . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 emma asked , watching the busty cartoon swing from her carrot-colored hair . 
 charlotte shrugged . 
 `` i found it in my mom 's closet and figured , why not ? '' 
 madeline , whose hair was up in an artfully messy bun , snickered . 
 `` so everything is set ? '' 
 emma asked , scanning the wooden tables lined against the bleachers . 
 `` yeah , is the footage okay ? '' 
 ethan said , checking out a silver laptop next to the food . 
 `` it 's great . 
 and we 're just about there , setup-wise . '' 
 madeline handed emma a bunch of red cups in plastic sleeves . 
 `` you 're on food duty . 
 we need cups , plates , silverware , and everything unpacked from the coolers . '' 
 `` got it , '' emma said , breaking the plastic wrap with her teeth . 
 but as the girls turned away , the smile that had been pasted on her face faded . 
 she knew she should be excited for the illicit dance-and in some ways , she was . 
 but she was also terribly distracted by what she had to do later tonight . 
 she still could n't believe she 'd been ballsy enough to ask to meet with raven . 
 she 'd called ethan after to tell him her plan . 
 he 'd insisted she let him go with her-just in case . 
 she 'd added his worry about her safety to her top ten cutest ethan moments list , but it was n't until now that she considered that he might be right . 
 what if this just spelled disaster ? 
 what if raven had contacted sutton 's dad already ? 
 what if emma and ethan showed up at the motel and found them both waiting for her ? 
 madeline 's phone beeped , jarring emma from her thoughts . 
 `` they 're on the move ? '' 
 she said into the receiver . 
 `` perfect . 
 we 'll expect them in five . '' 
 she stuck the phone back into her clutch and looked at the others . 
 `` that was gabby . 
 she 's in her car , following the devious four , who are obviously on their way to our party . 
 we 'd better mobilize . 
 char , is everything in place ? '' 
 `` yep , '' charlotte said , giggling slightly . 
 ethan moved to emma 's side . 
 she narrowed her eyes and squeezed his hand . 
 `` what are you guys up to ? '' 
 charlotte smiled slyly . 
 `` oh , we thought we 'd add something extra , along with the video projection on the wall . 
 just to remind them never to mess with us again . '' 
 ethan gave emma a skeptical look , and she pulled her bottom lip into her mouth . 
 just one more thing to add to her things i hate about the lying game list : taking everything a step too far . 
 `` it 's nothing dangerous , is it ? '' 
 the last time the lying game had pulled a prank without her knowing , she 'd ended up trapped in a rocky crevice in the desert . 
 madeline snickered . 
 `` god , sutton . 
 do n't worry about it . '' 
 before emma could ask more , a bunch of kids streamed through the unlocked door . 
 the girls had on party dresses , and the guys wore ties and khakis . 
 madeline dimmed the lights further , and the dj started a loungey song to kick off the night . 
 lili materialized at emma 's side again . 
 `` they 're here ! '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` the devious four are here ! '' 
 emma peeked out the gym door . 
 sure enough , the bouncer had lowered the velvet rope and was talking heatedly to the four girls , who were dressed to the nines . 
 `` what do you think it is ? '' 
 ethan asked out of the side of his mouth . 
 `` i guess we 'll see , '' emma said nervously . 
 `` but we were invited , '' ariane , the girl with the dip-dyed hair , argued , tugging on the leather skirt of her dress . 
 the bouncer held up his clipboard . 
 `` not according to this list , you are n't . '' 
 lili nudged emma . 
 `` i told him to give them a hard time . 
 but now he 's going to ask coco to prove she 's a hollier student by going to her locker ... which is right next to the gym . '' 
 she grinned maniacally , then flagged down a girl emma recognized from english carrying a video camera . 
 `` sadie ! 
 i need you in the hallway ! 
 something major is about to happen ! '' 
 emma chewed on her lip as the bouncer lifted the velvet rope and let the devious four inside . 
 he followed them to coco 's locker , and the girl with the video camera skulked behind them . 
 coco spun her combination , looking annoyed . 
 emma braced herself for what could be inside . 
 what if it was something that really freaked them out-or worse ? 
 i did n't like this either . 
 i did n't want to be responsible for hurting anyone else . 
 the video camera blinked red , its lens focused on the girls . 
 just as the latch clicked open , there was a whooshing sound . 
 suddenly , something spilled out of the cubby , gathering in a mound at each girl 's feet . 
 emma squinted , taking a moment to realize what the white tube-shaped objects were . 
 tampons . 
 `` ew ! '' 
 ariane said , grabbing for the cottony tampons , which had all been unwrapped from their plastic shells . 
 the other girls jumped away from the tampons , but they kept spilling from the depths of coco 's locker . 
 then , they looked up and realized they were on video camera . 
 their faces went red . 
 ariane put her hand on the lens , angry-celebrity style . 
 `` smile ! '' 
 charlotte trilled , leaning against the doorway . 
 she gestured to a wall in the gym , where the girls ' images were projected . 
 `` you 're live ! '' 
 the devious four all turned in the direction she was pointing , their mouths hanging open . 
 and as they watched , the footage switched from the live feed of the tampons at their feet to the security feed ethan had successfully downloaded . 
 a grainy image of four girls decorating the trees in the courtyard with bras and panties appeared on the wall , flip-book style . 
 at first , it was hard to see who the vandals were , but then , one of the girls turned , stared straight at the camera , and gave it the finger . 
 she had trademark two-tone hair and a bratty smirk . 
 gotcha , i thought . 
 my friends could n't have pulled this off more perfectly . 
 `` ethan , it looks amazing , '' emma breathed . 
 ethan grinned . 
 `` i have to admit it 's pretty fun to be on this side of the prank . '' 
 everyone in the gym was watching . 
 first there were whispers , and then they turned into stares and grumbles . 
 `` it was them ! '' 
 plenty of people said . 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 someone else cursed . 
 `` losers ! '' 
 a voice called over the rest . 
 the devious four hung their heads . 
 they stared at the members of the lying game , who had all gathered in the doorway to accept their victory . 
 emma stepped forward and plucked a tampon off of ariane 's shoulder , a smirk on her face . 
 `` now you know who bows down to whom , '' she said lightly , spinning on her heel . 
 way to go , sis . 
 they totally deserved it . 
 an hour later , the party was in full swing . 
 a rap beat pulsed through the huge speakers the dj had positioned all around the bleachers . 
 the disco ball spun , strings of lights flashed on and off , and bodies danced in a massive swarm under the basketball hoops . 
 sadie roamed with a handheld camera , and members of the yearbook staff patrolled with big slr cameras , snapping photographs like they were the paparazzi . 
 hollier students had gone all out , as though this was a normal dance-some of the girls wore full-length dresses and most of the guys wore ties . 
 `` um , i thought we were keeping the guest list small , '' emma said , scanning the packed room . 
 at least a hundred kids were there . 
 the twitter twins looked at each other guiltily . 
 `` well , people kept asking to come ... '' madeline blushed . 
 `` yeah , i ended up inviting some people from the dance studio . '' 
 `` who cares ?! '' 
 charlotte shouted . 
 `` this party is awesome . '' 
 the song ended , and the dj 's voice boomed through the microphone . 
 `` this next one is dedicated to a certain group of girls-you know who you are . 
 thanks for throwing such an amazing party , ladies ! '' 
 the opening beats to `` sexy and i know it '' swelled through the air . 
 everyone screamed and ran for the dance floor at once . 
 lili barreled up to emma , who was supervising the food table , and grabbed her arm excitedly . 
 `` we so rock ! '' 
 lili shrieked . 
 emma grinned in return . 
 for the past hour , kids had come up to her , thanking her for throwing the party and complimenting her on the decorations and music . 
 it was official : the girls of the lying game were back on top as the queens of hollier . 
 if only i could share some of the glory . 
 nostalgia filled me as i watched my friends . 
 i remembered exactly how a night like tonight felt : the sheer thrill of orchestrating a prank , the buzz i felt when i walked into a packed party and decided who was lucky enough to be on the receiving end of my attention , the whoosh of heat when i locked eyes with thayer across a room . 
 but then emma checked her phone , and her stomach tightened . 
 it was almost eight thirty . 
 she had to leave soon . 
 suddenly , a warm hand circled the top of her arm . 
 `` can i have this dance ? '' 
 ethan said in her ear . 
 while emma had been holding court , he 'd been talking to some kids from their german class . 
 `` of course ! '' 
 she breathed as ethan pulled her close . 
 his lake-blue eyes held hers . 
 he leaned forward and brushed emma 's lips with a kiss . 
 `` awwww ! '' 
 lili swooned , snapping a twitpic . 
 emma grabbed his arm . 
 `` let 's go somewhere quiet , '' she whispered into his ear . 
 ethan nodded , and they pushed through the crowd together . 
 students brave enough to talk to the girl they thought was sutton mercer congratulated her on an amazing party , and emma flashed a confident smile . 
 one girl dressed in head-to-toe purple asked to take a photo of `` hollier 's hottest couple . '' 
 emma and ethan paused for a moment , smiled , then moved on . 
 normally , emma would have nudged ethan and commented on how ironic it was that a foster kid and a loner were suddenly an it couple , but now was n't the time . 
 as the opening notes to a coldplay song blared , emma pulled ethan under the bleachers . 
 `` okay . 
 i admit it , i 'm nervous about tonight , '' she said . 
 ethan 's eyes narrowed in concern . 
 `` you do n't have to go , emma . 
 there 's got to be another way . '' 
 `` maybe , but i do n't know what it is , and i ca n't just continue on like this , not knowing . '' 
 emma twisted the silver bracelet on her wrist around and around . 
 `` living in that house is making me crazy . '' 
 `` but what if raven is in on the murder ? 
 what then ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 `` maybe this is too dangerous . '' 
 emma thought about this , staring at the students in the gym . 
 most of them were dancing or laughing by the snack table . 
 `` maybe it is dangerous . 
 but that 's a chance i have to take . 
 please back me up , ethan . 
 please . 
 i do n't know what else to do . '' 
 ethan still looked worried , but he pulled her into a hug . 
 `` i understand , '' he said . 
 `` i 've got your back . 
 i 'll be there every step of the way . '' 
 emma set her jaw . 
 `` actually , i was thinking about that . 
 if i bring you to the room , it could freak raven out . '' 
 ethan paused , running a hand through his hair . 
 `` okay , what if i wait outside the room ? '' 
 i liked that plan . 
 the last thing i needed was my sister dying and both of us being in the in-between , trying to figure out who killed us . 
 `` deal , '' emma said . 
 `` please be careful , okay ? '' 
 ethan looked worried . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do if anything ever happened to you . '' 
 unexpectedly , tears filled emma 's eyes . 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 `` how can you know that ? '' 
 ethan pressed . 
 `` i guess i ca n't , '' emma said , fidgeting with sutton 's silver locket at her collarbone . 
 `` i 'll be right outside the room . 
 and if you get a bad feeling , or if something does n't seem right , promise me you 'll get out of there . '' 
 emma forced a smile . 
 `` of course i will . '' 
 ethan leaned forward and put his arms around her again . 
 `` when this is all over , think of how much easier it will be for us , '' emma whispered in his ear . 
 `` i 'll just be ... me . 
 and you 'll just be you . '' 
 ethan pulled her closer to him , but his gaze was elsewhere . 
 a bunch of bulky figures stood in the doorway . 
 `` what the ... ? '' 
 suddenly , the music screeched to a halt . 
 there were confused murmurs . 
 emma and ethan made their way out from under the bleachers just as madeline 's voice rang out . 
 `` cops ! '' 
 `` everyone , freeze ! '' 
 one of the figures called at the same time . 
 pandemonium ensued . 
 students shoved toward the doors , nearly knocking emma to the ground . 
 several police officers ran into the gym and grabbed students . 
 sirens whooped outside , and megaphones blared instructions to freeze and stay calm . 
 emma grabbed ethan 's arm . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 they cut into the mass of kids . 
 girls hobbled toward the door , unsteady in their heels . 
 guys took shortcuts over the bleachers , stumbling over the risers . 
 a lacrosse player who 'd had too much to drink bumped against emma , breaking her grip with ethan . 
 he was drifting away from her , like a life raft cut from its ship . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 emma called out . 
 students elbowed between them . 
 a cacophony of screams and cries echoed through the air . 
 someone caught emma 's shoulder , and she turned to see nisha 's eyes flashing . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 nisha called . 
 emma turned back for ethan , but he was n't in the spot where she left him . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 she checked her watch . 
 it was 8:40 . 
 she had to get out of there . 
 she could n't miss her meeting with raven . 
 students poured into a hallway that led to the parking lot just as a police car screamed up to the entrance . 
 wheeling around , she sprinted in the opposite direction , down an unfamiliar passage . 
 she kept looking over her shoulder , hoping ethan would materialize , but he was gone . 
 maybe he 'll meet me outside , she thought . 
 he knows where to find me . 
 she continued down the hall , sutton 's sandals rubbing blisters on her feet . 
 the hallway was dark , and she could barely see in front of her . 
 she thought she could make out a door at the end of the hall , but what if it led nowhere ? 
 suddenly , there were footsteps behind her . 
 `` you ! '' 
 a voice called . 
 emma spun around , recognizing the voice instantly . 
 quinlan . 
 of course he would be the one to find her . 
 but she could n't let him get her-and she could n't let him figure out who she was . 
 she sprinted faster , her lungs screaming . 
 `` you there ! '' 
 quinlan 's voice sounded even closer . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 emma 's hands reached out and touched something hard just seconds before she crashed into it . 
 she pulled away , seeing a bookshelf lined with old texts . 
 she felt around for a door , but there was none . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispered . 
 she 'd hit a dead end . 
 quinlan 's walkie-talkie squawked . 
 `` i 've got one , '' she heard him say . 
 emma looked down , then up . 
 her heart lifted . 
 a small window glowed a few inches above the shelf . 
 even better , it was slightly ajar . 
 her fingers grasped a middle row of the bookshelf , and she set her feet on the bottom row and started to climb . 
 the structure swayed back and forth as she shimmied up the shelves . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 quinlan 's shape was visible down the hall . 
 he was running at a full sprint , his club raised above his head . 
 emma pulled herself up to the top of the bookshelf and cranked the window as wide as she could . 
 the space was just big enough for her to fit . 
 she turned onto her stomach and stuck her legs through the window . 
 her fingertips caught the metal grooves of the window frame as she pushed herself through and dropped onto the ground . 
 her knees bent to absorb the impact , and her hands hit the grass hard . 
 then she took off running . 
 she was free . 
 she 'd done it . 
 and quinlan did n't know who he 'd almost caught . 
 but i felt less than thrilled for my sister . 
 as i watched emma bolt through the darkness , i wished she would have thrown herself in front of quinlan and let him haul her downtown , even if it meant getting arrested . 
 i realized , as i watched , that i did n't want her to go to that motel-especially alone . 
 answers were waiting in that room , i just knew it . 
 and with those answers , came danger . 
 29 motel hell `` you are two miles from your destination , '' the portable gps 's tinny voice rang out through the cabin of sutton 's car . 
 not that emma needed directions now-she could see the super 8 's neon sign glowing in the distance . 
 her stomach was a ball of nerves as she pulled off route 10 . 
 in 1.9 miles , she 'd have her answer . 
 now 1.8 miles , 1.7 ... she took a left at the intersection . 
 barely any cars were out , the streets were deserted , and the fast food restaurants that dotted the two-lane road were eerily empty . 
 emma passed an arby 's , a mcdonald 's , and a tired-looking diner called the horseshoe that had a couple of rusty pickups in the parking lot . 
 as a light drizzle turned to rain , she rolled the window farther down and let the pelting water spray across her forearms . 
 the chill kept her present and focused . 
 she had to keep her composure no matter what she found at the motel . 
 emma turned onto a dark , slick road , and the super 8 loomed into view . 
 vacancies , a sign announced at the entrance . 
 but the v and c had burned out , and the n had tipped over . 
 emma pulled sutton 's car around the back and angled into a parking space . 
 only a lone red truck shared the lot . 
 was it raven 's ? 
 she squinted hard at the arizona plates , the big tires , the nak * d-girl mud flaps . 
 would she really drive something like that ? 
 then again , she knew nothing about the woman . 
 she could be anyone , into anything . 
 emma stepped out of the car and locked it behind her . 
 rain pounded the premises , and an earthy smell rose from the desert beyond . 
 she wound around the front of the motel and followed signs for room 105 . 
 most of the windows were curtained , but the few that were opened revealed neatly made beds and tired-looking wood bureaus . 
 a wrapper for a filet-o-fish lay crumpled in the corner . 
 a spiderweb glistened from the eaves . 
 her sandals rang out loudly on the pavement , so she angled up onto her toes , trying to soften her footsteps . 
 finally , she approached room 105 and stopped , her heart thudding so fast she thought it might implode . 
 yellow light streamed through a crack in the dingy pea-green curtains . 
 peeking through , she saw that a television was on . 
 fear twined through me . 
 was this it ? 
 was my sister going to figure out what happened ? 
 i knew exactly what emma was hoping for : a confession and hard evidence about my murder . 
 but how likely was that ? 
 emma moved to the door and knocked gently , wondering what the hell she was going to say when raven answered the door . 
 a long moment passed , but she heard no footsteps inside . 
 she knocked harder . 
 still nothing . 
 she pounded the door so hard that the latch caught and the door inched open with a long , loud creeeeak . 
 emma froze . 
 a bedside lamp was on . 
 the bed was neatly made with a yellow-and-green-striped comforter and two thin pillows . 
 there were no suitcases on the hassock or clothes hanging on the small metal garment rack . 
 the tv flickered cheerfully , showing a sitcom so old emma did n't even recognize it . 
 but the room was empty . 
 okay , so then leave , i thought nervously . 
 get the hell out of there . 
 emma glanced behind her , then stepped inside . 
 a faint smell of cigarettes and stale bread filled her nostrils . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called softly . 
 `` is anyone here ? '' 
 her whole body shaking with nerves , she moved past the television to the bathroom door , which was closed . 
 `` raven ? '' 
 she pressed her ear against the door , straining to hear movement . 
 `` raven ? '' 
 emma pushed the door open . 
 tiny bottles of motel shampoo and conditioner lined the sink . 
 an unused bar of soap sat on the ledge next to a disposable razor . 
 she moved to the shower and , with a flash of trepidation , tore the curtain aside . 
 nothing . 
 she opened the plywood cabinet beneath the sink , hoping to find some sort of makeup bag or personal item stored there , but other than a plunger and spare roll of toilet paper , it was empty . 
 she padded back to the bedroom and searched the closet . 
 there were unused hangers and an iron . 
 the dresser drawers were just as bare . 
 she 's not here , emma thought with disappointment . 
 running her fingers through her hair , she sat down on the bed , trying to get her bearings . 
 her gaze fixed on the cream phone on the nightstand . 
 the message indicator light was n't flashing . 
 did that mean raven had gotten her message ? 
 had she taken off to avoid learning the `` information '' she 'd promised about mr. mercer ? 
 there was a low rumble of a passing car outside , sending a shock of fear through emma 's system again . 
 pushing off the mattress , she tiptoed toward the door , pausing to shut off the tv as she passed . 
 it was then that she noticed a matchbook sitting on top of the tv , its cover flipped slightly open and several matches pulled away . 
 the horseshoe , it said on the front . 
 scrawled in black pen on the inside were two words . 
 meet me . 
 emma 's heart leapt . 
 she reread the words , her mind scattering in a million directions . 
 was this message from raven ? 
 maybe she did n't think meeting in the motel was safe . 
 maybe she worried about getting caught or maybe there was someone-mr . 
 mercer ? 
 - watching . 
 stuffing the matchbook into her clutch , she tore from the room and slammed the door behind her . 
 she ran fast down the sidewalk , eager to get to her car . 
 the horseshoe diner was so close-she 'd passed it on the way in . 
 she 'd be there in no time . 
 she was halfway across the parking lot when the glowing beams of headlights shot to life . 
 emma halted and shielded her eyes . 
 parked in one of the middle spaces was an suv that had n't been there when she 'd gone into the room . 
 as her eyes adjusted , a hard pit formed in her stomach . 
 it was mr. mercer . 
 30 diner dash the car door jerked open before emma could run . 
 she backed up against the wall of the motel as sutton 's dad climbed from the suv . 
 his face was a twisted mask of frustration and fury . 
 `` what the hell do you think you 're doing here ? '' 
 he shouted . 
 emma tried to scream , but nothing came out . 
 images of what mr. mercer could do to her flashed through her mind . 
 `` leave me alone ! '' 
 she said in a small , weak voice . 
 `` get in the car ! '' 
 mr. mercer barked . 
 emma inched along the side of a windowsill , feeling her way with damp fingers . 
 maybe she could slip into the shadows and then run . 
 go to the horseshoe , talk to raven , call the police ... `` i said , get in the car ! '' 
 emma turned on her heel and started to sprint . 
 there was a slam behind her , and she heard footsteps . 
 emma 's feet slapped the pavement hard , and when her left ankle turned , she winced but kept going . 
 the footsteps were gaining on her , though . 
 when she dared to glance over her shoulder , she could see mr. mercer just a few feet away . 
 go ! 
 i screamed . 
 run ! 
 emma 's throat burned as she gasped for air . 
 black shadows danced along the walls of the motel . 
 she was so close to sutton 's car-only a few more yards before she could lock herself inside it . 
 she rounded the corner to the back lot and raced across the final distance . 
 mercifully , she managed to get the door open and the key into the ignition before sutton 's father reached her . 
 the sound of the motor revving filled her with relief . 
 she backed out from the parking spot and peeled toward the exit . 
 in the rearview mirror , she saw mr. mercer drop his hands to his knees . 
 he looked like he was heaving , having a hard time catching his breath . 
 good , emma thought as she sped from the motel 's parking lot . 
 she turned left onto the main road and crushed the accelerator to the floor . 
 she pushed the car to its max and gripped the steering wheel . 
 the diner loomed ahead , and she made the final turn and screeched into the parking lot . 
 this place had to have the answers she needed . 
 raven had to be there . 
 because if not-what was her next move ? 
 she could n't go back to the mercers . 
 that much she knew for sure . 
 deal with all that later , i thought . 
 just go . 
 the diner was long and thin with a dull , gray exterior , hedges that needed trimming , and windows that showed patrons eating fried potatoes , slurping coffee , or perusing menus . 
 dim lights flickered over the doorway , and wilted cacti lined the sidewalk . 
 emma pulled around to the parking lot behind the diner-she did n't want mr. mercer to see sutton 's car from the road on his way home . 
 the rain had let up when she stepped out of the car , and she hurried toward the entrance . 
 a tiny bell jingled on the door , and the smell of eggs and greasy bacon was overwhelming . 
 a line of short-order cooks behind the counter flipped burgers , and waitresses flitted between booths with coffee pots and ordering pads . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 a sleepy-eyed hostess with crimped hair leaned on the hostess stand . 
 she looked emma up and down curiously , surely wondering why a girl in an expensive pink party dress and smudged makeup was at a down-and-out diner on a friday night . 
 `` um , i 'm meeting someone , '' emma mumbled . 
 `` i 'll just seat myself . '' 
 the hostess shrugged . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 barely any of the booths were taken , and the ones that were had multiple occupants : three teenage girls , an elderly couple who held hands over the table , and two guys in bright red mesh trucker hats drinking coffee . 
 no one looked remotely like a woman mr. mercer would have an affair with-and furthermore , no one was looking at her cagily , preparing for a confrontation . 
 emma moved past the tables , her heart thudding fast . 
 a door marked ladies beckoned at the end of the aisle . 
 emma pushed through it , her nose wrinkling with the sharp smell of lemony air freshener . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called through the room , her voice echoing off the pink tiles . 
 `` is anyone in here ? '' 
 she peeked under the stalls , looking for feet , but they were empty . 
 she turned to the sink and splashed water onto her face . 
 had raven left the note for someone else ? 
 had someone else written on the matchbook and given it to raven ? 
 had she hit a dead end again ? 
 she peered at her reflection and saw both herself and her sister staring back at her . 
 i wo n't let you down , sutton , emma said silently . 
 she exited the bathroom and stopped at the register . 
 an overweight lady with thin blond hair was punching numbers into a calculator . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she finally asked in a bored voice . 
 emma straightened to full height . 
 `` my name is sutton mercer . '' 
 `` good for you , '' the woman said , unimpressed . 
 emma wound a piece of hair around her finger , feeling like an idiot . 
 `` um , i was supposed to meet raven jannings here . 
 and it seems she 's gone already . 
 so i was just wondering if she 'd left anything . '' 
 the woman 's expression suddenly softened . 
 `` raven ? '' 
 she glanced up at an oversized clock that hung above the entrance to the kitchen . 
 `` you 've just missed her . '' 
 emma 's throat went dry . 
 `` she was here ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the woman nodded . 
 `` and you were supposed to meet her ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 i waited , breathless . 
 the woman held emma 's gaze for a moment , as if deciding if she was telling the truth , then reached under a stack of twenties in the register and pulled out an envelope . 
 `` she left this for you . '' 
 emma 's stomach fluttered . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , grabbing it from her . 
 she looked around , feeling eyes on her back . 
 the teenagers at the booth were staring at her . 
 so was an old man at the counter . 
 this place was entirely too public to examine whatever raven had left . 
 she had to go . 
 she shoved open the door and felt the humid , post-rain air swallow her body . 
 once she was in sutton 's car again , she tore open the envelope , her fingers shaking . 
 inside was a note with a polaroid photo pinned to the top . 
 at first , when emma looked at the face , she blinked hard , certain that something had misfired in her brain . 
 the quality was n't perfect , but emma recognized the narrow face , the slanted nose , the high cheekbones , and the jet-black hair . 
 she turned on the overhead light and stared harder , but the features were the same . 
 it could n't be . 
 i gawked , too , and my mind sparked and expanded . 
 a new memory pieced together , and i found myself zooming back in time . 
 31 a fateful goodbye my father 's suv tears across the earth , kicking up rocks and roots and cactus spines . 
 i trip over mini hills and stray plants , wheeling my way into the darkness . 
 what if my father has completely snapped ? 
 things have been so tense lately , but i never realized it could come to this . 
 the moon passes behind a cloud and my eyes start to play tricks on me . 
 gnarled branches twist into phantomlike shapes . 
 i take a sharp right , and just when i think i 'm going to escape him , my foot smashes against a rock and i go flying . 
 i fling out my hands to break my fall . 
 blood pounds in my ears . 
 i can feel my skin stinging from where i 've cut myself and i know i 'm bleeding . 
 i bite my lip to keep from sobbing . 
 my father pulls the car up beside me . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 he says from the open window . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 my palms and knees are on fire as i push from the ground and try to steady myself . 
 a bird squawks in the air above us . 
 the only other sound i hear is the wind whistling over the dirt and between the cacti . 
 i suddenly feel very exposed-and trapped . 
 `` why are you running from me ? '' 
 my dad cries . 
 his knuckles are white on the steering wheel . 
 `` and where is thayer ? '' 
 i blink at him . 
 you know where thayer is , i want to say . 
 but the look on his face is surprisingly innocent and worried . 
 i step back an inch or two , confused . 
 `` did thayer leave you out here alone ? '' 
 my father sounds shocked . 
 the more i look at him , the more confused i feel . 
 despite the layer of dust on his clothes and the worry lines on his forehead , he looks like my dad again , not some crazed maniac . 
 and his confusion seems genuine . 
 is it possible it was someone else ? 
 but who would try to hurt thayer ? 
 `` um ... '' i do n't know whether to tell my dad what happened . 
 suddenly i 'm not even sure what did happen . 
 my dad sighs . 
 `` i 'm not going to say it again . 
 get in the car , sutton . 
 it 's dangerous out here at night . 
 you could get hurt . '' 
 exhaustion overcomes me , and i walk around the side of the car and let myself in . 
 as we slowly drive back down the hill , i realize i was n't far from the main road at all . 
 i can see the neighborhood across the street from the canyon easily now . 
 ethan landry sits on his front porch , fiddling with his telescope and probably hoping to catch a better view of the full moon . 
 science geeks are into that kind of thing . 
 next door all of the girls on the tennis team are on nisha 's lawn , secretly smoking cigarettes . 
 i feel a pinch of guilt-i was supposed to be there tonight for our back-to-school team sleepover . 
 instead , i 'd chosen thayer . 
 and look where that got him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why did you chase us ? '' 
 my dad looks frustrated . 
 `` i wanted to tell you the truth . 
 except you ran away before i had the chance . '' 
 `` the truth about ... what ? '' 
 `` about the woman i was with , '' my dad says . 
 his body looks stiff as he arches forward and grips the wheel . 
 i whirl around to face my father . 
 my pulse ratchets up as i put the pieces together . 
 this was why thayer had dragged me away from the overlook and practically pushed me down the trail . 
 my dad was with another woman up in sabino canyon . 
 someone who was n't my mother . 
 `` another woman ? '' 
 i squeak . 
 `` i can explain , sutton , '' my dad says . 
 `` it 's not how it looks . '' 
 but i know exactly how it looks-and what it is . 
 sabino canyon is the perfect place to carry on a secret affair : it 's super-romantic and very private . 
 that 's why i 'd brought thayer here tonight . 
 `` you 're cheating on mom , '' i spit . 
 `` what more is there to explain ? 
 i do n't need to know the gory details , like what kind of freaking lingerie your trashy mistress prefers . '' 
 my fingers curl on the door handle . 
 my father 's eyes open wide . 
 `` sutton , '' he says , grabbing my hand . 
 `` it 's not like that at all . '' 
 his foot slams the gas pedal and he curves the suv into an abrupt u-turn . 
 we 're heading back toward sabino canyon . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i shriek . 
 the car plunges into a hole in the dirt and pops back up again , throwing me off balance . 
 my elbow jams against the window . 
 `` let me out ! '' 
 `` sutton , if you could just give me a second , i 'll explain everything . '' 
 he navigates the rocky road , his gaze boring through the windshield . 
 my nerves flare as he guns the car into the sabino parking lot and skids over the gravel . 
 his foot lands on the brake and the car crunches to a stop . 
 then he glances around like he 's looking for someone . 
 other than that same rusted-out brown car , the lot is empty . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 i press . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` it 's not what you think-i 'm not having an affair . '' 
 my dad shifts the car into park . 
 `` i know you 've been curious about your biological mom for a while now . 
 and i know the fact that your mom has n't wanted to discuss it is why you 've pulled away from us in the past year . '' 
 he closes his eyes and takes a long breath . 
 `` that woman you saw me with tonight , her name is raven , but she used to go by becky . 
 sutton , she 's ... your mother . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 the words take a few seconds to sink in . 
 `` what ? '' 
 and then , `` you 're having an affair with my mother ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 mr. mercer shakes his head quickly . 
 his light eyes hold my gaze . 
 `` she 's your mother ... and she 's my daughter . 
 which means you 're my granddaughter . '' 
 i suddenly feel like my mind wo n't work . 
 like synapses are firing in all the wrong directions . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` kristin and i had becky when we were much younger , '' my dad says slowly , his eyes searching my face as if gauging how much i can handle . 
 `` and becky was very young when she had you . 
 you were just a few weeks old when she left you with us . '' 
 he opens his palm and reaches a hand out to grab mine , but i ball my fist against my side . 
 `` your mom-your grandmother-and i moved to arizona from california for a new start . 
 becky 's been in town for a few months now , and she and i have been talking in secret . 
 i think grandma , your great-grandmother , has figured it out , but if your mother ever found ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` then , when we saw you tonight , well , we panicked . '' 
 his voice sounds hollow and distant , like someone speaking from the far end of a hallway . 
 `` but if you want to meet her , she 's just up that trail there . '' 
 he gestures through the windshield to the dark path . 
 `` i told her to wait , that i was going to try and catch up to you . 
 we could go up there together . '' 
 he smiles at me kindly , hopefully . 
 and that 's when i lose it . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 i 'm not going anywhere with you ! '' 
 i snarl . 
 `` and i have no desire to meet the woman who pawned me off without a second thought . '' 
 he reaches for my hand , but i slam back against the car door . 
 `` do n't you dare touch me ! '' 
 i raise both hands . 
 `` stay away ! '' 
 his eyes widen . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 but i flail like an animal . 
 i feel like an animal , a tiger trapped in a cage . 
 i shove open the car door , climb out , and stagger backward . 
 `` this is so f ** ked up ! '' 
 i scream . 
 the word hangs in the air , a taunt-i 've never used it in front of my dad before . 
 but he barely flinches . 
 instead , a look of deep regret and disappointment passes across his features . 
 `` okay , sutton , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i really had n't planned for you to find out this way . 
 let 's just go home . '' 
 `` go home ? 
 with you ? 
 do you actually think you 're blameless in all this ? '' 
 i can barely stand still . 
 `` you wait till now to tell me you 're my grandfather ? 
 you were keeping a massive secret from me for eighteen years ! 
 i 've asked you and mom a million times who my birth parents were , and you lied every time , saying you did n't know ! 
 was actually being related to me , actually being my grandfather , so horrible that you had to pretend i was adopted ? '' 
 `` sutton , '' my dad sighs . 
 `` please . '' 
 but i back away from the car , my heart racing hard . 
 `` i 'm not coming home with you tonight . 
 in fact , do n't think i 'm coming home for a while . 
 and if you know what 's good for you , you 'll cover for me with mom-or should i say grandma ? '' 
 i turn around and start to sprint . 
 i am on fire with fury . 
 i ca n't get away fast enough . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 my dad calls , worry filling his voice . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i have friends , '' i snap . 
 `` people who do n't lie to me . '' 
 i reach into my pocket for my phone and clutch it hard as i continue to run . 
 my arms pump as i cross the dirt . 
 i can call madeline . 
 she 's been calling me all night , anyway . 
 i 'm halfway up an incline when my dad yells to me once more . 
 `` sutton , please ! '' 
 i turn to glare at him . 
 `` do n't you dare come looking for me . '' 
 `` sutton , '' he says softly , the word coming out like a whine . 
 his shoulders slump with defeat . 
 `` i 'm ready to talk whenever you are , '' he says sadly . 
 `` and , i know it 's a lot to ask , but please do n't say anything to your mom , okay ? 
 this would ruin her . '' 
 `` gladly ! '' 
 i scream . 
 `` because she 's not my mom ! 
 and you 're not my dad . '' 
 my father recoils as though i 've slapped him . 
 i 've never seen him look so sad . 
 i disappear over the ridge , then hear his car door slam and the engine start . 
 as the car rolls over the crest and disappears down the highway , i hope to god i 'll never see him again . 
 32 grandfather clause with shaking fingers , emma unclipped the picture of the mother she had n't seen in thirteen years and looked at the note underneath it . 
 her eyes raced over the words , barely believing them . 
 i recognized your voice on the answering machine immediately . 
 i wish things had gone differently that night in the canyon , but there 's nothing you can tell me about my dad , your grandfather , that i do n't already know . 
 if you have questions , ask him . 
 he 's a good man . 
 there 's nothing i can give you besides this photo of me from when i was your age , and a piece of advice . 
 living with your grandparents gives you every opportunity in the world . 
 i never appreciated that myself , but it 's not too late for you . 
 be smart . 
 seize those opportunities and do n't make the same horrible , life-changing mistakes i did . 
 raven jannings -lrb- becky mercer -rrb- raven was ... becky ? 
 and becky was the mercers ' ... daughter ? 
 and grandma mercer was her and sutton 's great-grandmother ? 
 yes , i whispered . 
 yes , it 's all so f ** ked up , but it 's true . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma whispered . 
 becky . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 her own mother was related to the mercers . 
 and she had been here just moments before . 
 like she had been throughout emma 's life , becky was so close , and yet so far . 
 a specter , a memory . 
 emma looked at the letter once more . 
 `` that night in the canyon , '' was the exact same phrase mr. mercer had used when he 'd cornered her in the school parking lot . 
 suddenly a crack opened in her mind and pieces started falling into place . 
 thayer had seen mr. mercer with a woman ... becky . 
 but he had n't been having an affair with her-he 'd been meeting her because she was his daughter . 
 and it sounded like mr. mercer and becky had come clean to sutton . 
 had she been so upset to learn the truth that she 'd run off , only to die shortly thereafter ? 
 either way , it seemed she 'd been wildly wrong about mr. mercer . 
 becky had called him a good man . 
 maybe his discomfort with emma , his warning to play along , had been because of what he 'd told sutton . 
 he did n't do it , i tried to tell her . 
 i ran away from him . 
 i ran away from the man who could have taken me home safely . 
 a small knock sounded on the volvo 's window and emma jumped . 
 sutton 's father loomed before her . 
 his dark eyes blinked and his brow furrowed with a distinct combination of sadness , worry , and exhaustion . 
 emma stuck the note in her clutch , then fumbled with the levers on the door . 
 a clicking noise sounded as the window began to open . 
 she was no longer afraid of him . 
 she was just tired-and confused . 
 `` how did you know i 'd be here ? '' 
 i studied the man i 'd been raised to think of as my adoptive father , observing the contours of the face i knew so well . 
 i was n't sure how long it would take to adjust to the idea that he was my biological grandfather , but as i stared hard , i began to see similarities between the two of us-well , counting emma , the three of us . 
 we had the same sloping nose . 
 the same pointed chin . 
 the same long , thin hands . 
 how could i not have noticed this before ? 
 mr. mercer lowered his head and rested his hands against the door of the volvo . 
 `` she ... becky ... called me , saying you wanted to meet her at her motel . 
 she was n't in the room , but this is her favorite diner . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` she left a matchbook in her room with a note that said ` meet me . ' '' 
 mr. mercer shook his head . 
 `` she always did love scavenger hunts , '' he said with a wistful smile . 
 emma smiled , too . 
 becky used to make scavenger hunts for her around the courtyard of their apartment building , leaving a piece of birdseed on the table as a clue to look in the bird feeder in the corner , leaving a scrap of tv guide in the bird feeder as a clue for emma to look on top of the tv in the apartment , and so on . 
 `` was she in the diner ? '' 
 mr. mercer asked , interrupting emma 's thoughts . 
 emma shook her head slowly . 
 `` no . 
 she just left a note . 
 and a photo . '' 
 a gust of wind rustled his short hair , making it stand up straight . 
 he glanced through the window of the diner before turning to look emma in the eye . 
 `` can i sit with you ? 
 just for a minute ? '' 
 he asked . 
 emma nodded . 
 she rolled up her window as mr. mercer crossed in front of the car and opened the passenger door . 
 mr. mercer let out a breath and stared at the glove compartment . 
 his hands rested in his lap and he hung his head , making him look like a little boy . 
 `` i should have had a real conversation with you after that night , '' he said finally . 
 `` i should n't have let you run away . 
 especially after thayer had left you there all alone . '' 
 his eyes darkened at the mention of thayer . 
 emma nodded , saying nothing . 
 his words confirmed what she 'd suspected : that he 'd explained the becky situation the night sutton died-and that sutton had run off , angry and upset . 
 and if mr. mercer thought thayer had left her in the canyon , then it followed that he had n't hit him with sutton 's car . 
 it also actually explained why he hated thayer so much : he thought thayer had ditched his daughter in sabino canyon . 
 `` but right after you ran off , i was called into surgery , '' mr. mercer continued . 
 `` i hated leaving you there , but you were just so angry . 
 i thought it would be easier to talk once you had some space . 
 when i got back from the hospital that night , i started to write you a letter . 
 maybe if i explained things clearly , you 'd understand why i did n't tell you for so long . '' 
 he turned to face emma . 
 `` it was n't because i was ashamed of you . 
 it was because i wanted to protect you from your mother . 
 i love you more than you can ever know . 
 you are my daughter , and i 've loved you ever since becky left you at our house . '' 
 emma tilted her head , taking in his words . 
 `` you wrote a letter ? '' 
 mr. mercer shifted in the seat . 
 `` i did n't finish it , though . 
 by the next day , you were acting like it had never happened , and i was n't sure what to do . 
 but i can finish it-if you want . 
 or , if you feel more ready now , we can just talk . '' 
 emma 's mind whirred . 
 if he had been called into surgery , he had a solid , easily verifiable alibi . 
 there was no way he could have been out killing sutton if he was in the or . 
 more than that , she had no idea why he would kill sutton . 
 he was her grandfather . 
 the secret he was trying to keep was for her and becky 's benefit , not his . 
 my relief at the knowledge that my father had n't killed me felt like fresh rain on my skin-cleansing , revitalizing , purifying . 
 my dad was my dad again , someone i could love , someone i could wholeheartedly miss . 
 it felt like my broken heart was healed . 
 and emma was right : it did n't make sense that he would have killed me . 
 i could tell in his face that he loved me more than words could say . 
 i could also tell that this tension between us was killing him , that the only thing he wanted to do was end the stalemate and make things better . 
 but then i remembered the memory , and i felt the sharp sting of regret . 
 the last words i said to the man i thought of as a father-my real grandfather-had been full of hate . 
 if only i could go back and change things . 
 change everything . 
 mr. mercer adjusted his legs in the footwell . 
 `` you know , she really did care about you in her own flawed way , '' he went on . 
 `` when i first heard from her again a few months ago , i was so thrilled . 
 kristin had had enough of the lies , but i never had the heart to turn becky away . 
 dads and daughters ... you know . '' 
 he ruffled her hair gently . 
 emma nodded , wondering what it must have been like for them all those years ago when becky showed up with a baby . 
 she would 've been right around emma 's age . 
 she wondered why becky had n't told them about her , their other granddaughter-and why she 'd only given up one of her daughters . 
 perhaps she thought she could be a good mom to just one girl . 
 but , of course , by the time emma was five , becky had given up on motherhood entirely . 
 `` i could never erase her completely , '' mr. mercer went on . 
 `` but she 's troubled , sutton . 
 she always has been . 
 i 've been giving her money here and there , but it does n't solve the problem . 
 it only makes it worse . '' 
 a mist covered his eyes and he blinked , looking close to tears . 
 `` i always felt so guilty . 
 like it must have been something your mother and i did wrong as parents . '' 
 his broad shoulders slumped as though the weight of his sadness was too much to bear . 
 `` the whole situation has felt ... impossible . '' 
 his voice sounded suddenly panicked . 
 `` i love becky . 
 but she 's made our lives very painful at times . 
 and the way she treated you ... '' fresh tears sprung to emma 's eyes . 
 she knew full well how messed up becky was-she 'd lived with her for almost five years . 
 and yet she still missed her , every day . 
 she was her mother after all , and that was a hard bond to break . 
 emma raised her eyes to mr. mercer , her grandfather , fingering the letter from becky in her open purse . 
 if she could only tell him the final piece in the puzzle : that he had another granddaughter , sutton 's twin . 
 but until sutton 's murderer was found , she could n't . 
 she 'd be the prime suspect , the poor girl who 'd stolen her twin 's life to get out of foster care . 
 once again , she was back to square one . 
 but not entirely . 
 the moon emerged from a patch of clouds and hovered in the middle of the windshield . 
 she stared up at the same sky she and her twin had shared for so many years without knowing it , the sky emma had gazed up into and wished for a family . 
 she had lost sutton and becky , but she had found her family-her real family . 
 a grandmother and grandfather . 
 a great-grandmother . 
 and an aunt in laurel . 
 she leaned toward her grandfather and wrapped her arms around his shoulders . 
 he let out a long sigh against her , squeezing tight . 
 the car made a metallic pinging noise beneath their shifting weight . 
 `` will you tell me a little about her ? '' 
 emma asked into mr. mercer 's chest . 
 `` about my mom ? '' 
 there was so much about becky she did n't know , so many details she craved , so many questions that had plagued her for thirteen years . 
 `` like what she was like as a kid ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 `` how i remind you of her ? '' 
 her voice was so choked with sobs she could barely speak . 
 as mr. mercer pulled her closer , emma could feel tears on his cheeks , too . 
 `` of course , '' he said , running his hands over emma 's hair . 
 `` i 'll tell you anything you want to know . '' 
 33 she 's back the following day , emma sat at an outdoor cafe in a shopping complex a few blocks from the mercers ' house , sutton 's laptop beside her . 
 twitter was open , and she slowly scrolled through tweets hash-tagged #holliersecretdance . 
 if the tweets were any indication , the dance was a complete success-everyone was raving about the music , the food , the hookups , and even the narrow escape from the police . 
 only a few people had been caught that night . 
 the cops had ended up letting everyone go , and so far no one had told that the lying game had organized it . 
 emma and her friends were safe for now . 
 i hoped they would stay that way . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 mr. mercer 's voice jolted emma . 
 she glanced up from the computer and saw him walking toward her from the home depot across the parking lot , a new shovel in his hand . 
 `` hey , dad , '' she said , relaxing her shoulders . 
 she 'd called the hospital last night and confirmed that he was in surgery the evening sutton died . 
 it felt good to not fear his presence but to welcome it with open arms . 
 tell me about it . 
 mr. mercer stood next to the table . 
 he passed a hand over his graying hair . 
 `` your mom said you were here . 
 i have to do some weeding , but i was thinking , if you were n't busy , maybe we could take a hike later . 
 explore a different canyon . 
 one we have n't tried before . '' 
 emma could n't help the grin that spread across her face . 
 that sounded like code for talking more about becky . 
 they 'd had a long conversation last night , and emma had learned so much about becky . 
 like how she watched cinderella five times in a row when she was young , loving how the fairy godmother made her into a princess . 
 how she liked peach ice cream , emma 's favorite flavor , too . 
 that she adored school until about eighth grade , when she got kind of wild , and that she ran away from home in high school ... and came back pregnant . 
 but there were so many more questions to ask , a lot of things emma had n't dared to inquire about yet . 
 like why mr. mercer 's expression clouded over when emma tried to talk to him about the trouble becky used to get into . 
 or why mrs. mercer did n't want anything to do with her anymore . 
 becky was her daughter-could she really be that callous ? 
 or had becky done something so horrible to her that mrs. mercer simply could n't forgive her ? 
 `` i 'd like that , '' emma answered . 
 she was about to suggest a catalina trail madeline had told her about , when a blue bmw pulled off the main road into the lot . 
 emma turned to watch thayer 's car park in front of the cafe . 
 mr. mercer 's eyes narrowed . 
 when thayer saw him , he blanched , and emma thought he might back up and leave . 
 but then he shifted into park and turned off the engine . 
 the driver 's door swung open , and he climbed out of the car and walked toward emma . 
 mr. mercer stared at him . 
 `` i thought i told you to stay away from him , sutton . '' 
 he tightened his grip on the five-foot-long shovel . 
 it was the kind of thing that would 've freaked emma out just a day ago , but now that she knew the truth , it struck her as kind of funny : her grandfather , clutching a shovel and yelling at some guy he thought was trouble . 
 emma pressed her hand on his arm . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said gently . 
 `` i invited him . 
 he 's cool-i promise . 
 and just so you know , he did n't leave me in the canyon that night . 
 he got hurt and had to go to the hospital . 
 i made him leave . '' 
 mr. mercer shot a suspicious look at thayer . 
 `` okay . 
 but i 'm keeping an eye on you , understand ? '' 
 he said , pointing the shovel at him before heading to his suv , which was parked a few stores over . 
 thayer looked shaken as he sat down next to emma . 
 `` i 'm not sure this is a good idea . 
 i 've actually been thinking of going to the police about what happened to me in the canyon . '' 
 he kept his eyes on a twenty-something hipster with a fedora entering the cafe , as if nervous to see emma 's reaction . 
 `` that 's why i asked you to meet , '' emma said urgently . 
 `` my dad is n't the one who hit you that night . 
 it was someone else . '' 
 thayer 's head snapped up and he gazed into her eyes . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` positive . 
 actually , i found out something crazy . '' 
 emma took a long sip of her iced tea . 
 `` my dad is my biological grandfather . 
 the woman he was with that night ? 
 it was my birth mom . 
 his daughter . '' 
 thayer 's eyes widened . 
 for a second he looked like he could n't quite believe it . 
 or maybe he worried that it was yet another prank . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' emma urged . 
 `` they were meeting and we surprised them . '' 
 thayer looked astonished . 
 `` you mean your birth mother has been in town and has never tried to see you ? '' 
 hurt tears stung emma 's eyes . 
 she 'd imagined becky walking back into her life so many times , finding her and scooping her up in her arms and telling her everything was going to be okay . 
 but then she thought of the note becky had left at the diner . 
 she wanted nothing to do with her children-she had n't stayed at the diner . 
 she had `` nothing to give . '' 
 `` she just left me and never came back , '' emma blurted out , thinking of the horrible day when becky abandoned her at a neighbor 's house . 
 `` and she still does n't want to see me . '' 
 a tear spilled down her cheek . 
 thayer leaned over and put his arms around her . 
 `` oh , sutton . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she said , swiping away the tears that wet her cheeks . 
 `` does laurel know about all this ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 and my mom does n't know what happened either . '' 
 her stomach suddenly jumped . 
 `` you ca n't tell laurel . 
 you have to promise me . '' 
 `` sutton , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` you know you can trust me . '' 
 he stared hard at emma . 
 `` but what does that mean ? 
 who hit me with your car ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' emma murmured . 
 `` are you positive it was a guy you saw behind the wheel ? '' 
 thayer squinted , thinking . 
 `` i guess i 'm not really sure , '' he said slowly . 
 `` i just assumed it was your dad since he 'd been running after us . 
 it all happened so fast . 
 i think the person had dark hair , but i never actually saw a face . '' 
 a shiver shot through emma . 
 was it just a car thief ... or someone connected to this case ? 
 just then a car backfired loudly , and emma 's head snapped up . 
 a rusted , brown car rolled slowly into the complex . 
 it kept starting and stopping in front of each store . 
 thayer frowned and hitched forward . 
 `` is that person looking for something ? '' 
 emma leaned forward , too , as the car made its way toward the cafe . 
 someone was staring over the dashboard at them . 
 her mouth was drawn tight , her eyes were wide , and there was an eerie expression her face . 
 it was menacing and threatening , wild and angry . 
 then emma took in the eyes , that familiar nose , and high cheekbones . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma and i whispered in unison . 
 it was becky . 
 34 mama drama time stood still as becky 's car slowly rolled through the parking lot . 
 i stared into those hollow eyes , into that pit of a mouth , trying to recognize something of me in her , but all i saw was an unhinged woman . 
 someone troubled . 
 someone who definitely had issues . 
 and major secrets . 
 suddenly , as becky hit the gas pedal so violently the tires made a shrill squeaking sound , something clicked in my mind . 
 that memory i 'd had of my grandmother and my dad talking , the one where i 'd lurked at the top of the stairs , surfaced once more , and i remembered what they 'd been saying . 
 they 'd been whispering , but i definitely heard grandma say the words she 's mentally disturbed and she 's violent . 
 my father seemed frustrated , saying , we have to help her . 
 before it 's too late . 
 had i crossed paths with her the night i died ? 
 because if she was as mentally disturbed as they seemed to think , who knew what kind of reaction she would have had when she saw me . 
 i groped for the rest of that memory from the night i died , anything past the moment i 'd yelled at my father and then turned away in a rage . 
 but it was just a huge , gaping hole . 
 and yet i knew something was there . 
 something that would scare me to no end . 
 something that would break both emma 's and my hearts . 
 because the only thing more devastating than my adoptive father killing me and threatening emma was if our real mother had done it all . 
